Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Chee Weng _v_ Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another  
[2011] SGCA 62

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 190 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Cheng Han SC (instructed), Vijay Kumar and Periowsamy
Otharam (Vijay & Co) for the appellant; Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan, Lin
Shumin and Priscilla Lua (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Ng Chee Weng — Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 120.]

18 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the judgment of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in _Ng Chee Weng v Bryan Lim Jit Ming and another_ [2011] SGHC 120 (“the
Judgment”). It concerns an application to amend a Statement of Claim. However,
since the case involves both an alleged settlement agreement as well as an
original cause of action based on a trust, difficult questions of procedure
are raised.

Background history

2 On 26 May 2009, Ng Chee Weng (“the Appellant”) commenced an action in Suit
No 453 of 2009 against Bryan Lim Jit Ming (“the First Respondent”) and Teo Soo
Geok Josephine (“the Second Respondent”). The First Respondent and Second
Respondent are husband and wife. Since the Second Respondent plays no material
role in the present proceedings, all subsequent references to “the Respondent”
shall refer to the First Respondent only.

3 In the original Statement of Claim, the Appellant alleged that the
Respondent held some shares in SinCo Technologies Pte Ltd (the “Company”) on
trust for him. The Appellant wanted to claim the dividends declared by the
Company between 2003 and 2007 from the Respondent, amounting to some $8.88
million. We shall refer to the dividend claim as “the original cause of
action”.

4 Besides the original cause of action, the Statement of Claim also contained
certain paragraphs that made reference to settlement discussions between the
Appellant and the Respondent. We note that the Appellant stopped short of
alleging that he arrived at a settlement with the Respondent in the Statement
of Claim itself.

5 The Respondent applied to strike out those paragraphs in Summons No 2966 of
2009 (“SUM 2966/2009”) on the basis that the discussions were “without
prejudice” communications that were privileged from disclosure.

6 The High Court judge who heard SUM 2966/2009 granted the application and
struck out the paragraphs in question. The Appellant then appealed to the
Court of Appeal in Civil Appeal No 93 of 2009 (“CA 93/2009”).

7 Over the course of arguments before the Court of Appeal, the Appellant put
forward amendments to his Statement of Claim (“the First Proposed Amendment”)
to plead a claim to enforce a settlement agreement as an alternative claim to
the original cause of action. The essence of this amendment is found in
paragraph 33 of the First Proposed Amendment, as follows:[note: 1]

On 31 March 2009 the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant entered into another oral
Settlement Agreement under which agreement _the 1_ st _Defendant agreed to pay
the Plaintiff S$4.5 million_ in discharge of the 1st Defendant’s liability as
trustee to account for dividends declared and paid by the Company to the 1st
Defendant for the period 2003-2007, ... [emphasis added]

The critical change in the First Proposed Amendment was that the Appellant now
alleged that settlement negotiations had in fact concluded in a settlement
agreement under which the Respondent agreed to pay the Appellant $4.5 million.

8 The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal in CA 93/2009 and disallowed the
First Proposed Amendment. However, the Court of Appeal issued the following
addendum to their order of 19 May 2010, as follows:[note: 2]

Addendum to Order of 19 May 2010 in CA 93 of 2009

The dismissal of the appeal should not be taken as precluding the appellant
from applying for leave to make such further amendments to his statement of
claim as he may deem fit, subject always to the right of the respondent to
object to the same in accordance with general principles. _However, any
proposed amendment which is in the precise form and sequence as set out in the
draft enclosed in the appellant’s submission to this court on 18 May 2010
should not be allowed as we have already ruled that that draft was not in
order._

Whether any “without prejudice” evidence (“the contested evidence”) may be
permitted to be adduced in the proceedings would have to be determined in
accordance with the general law and in the light of any future amendments to
pleading (if any) as may be allowed. For the avoidance of doubt we should
state that the dismissal of the appeal does not mean that we have ruled that
the contested evidence is inadmissible under any circumstances. We have only
determined that the contested evidence is inadmissible on the basis of the
existing pleadings.

[emphasis added]

9 The Appellant then brought the present application to amend his Statement of
Claim for a second time (“the Second Proposed Amendment”) in Summons No 3969
of 2010 (“SUM 3969/2010”). This time, the Appellant has _reversed_ the order
of his respective causes of action. In particular, the Appellant is now
pleading that he had arrived at a settlement agreement with the Respondent,
pursuant to which he (the Appellant) would receive $4.5 million; and, in the
alternative, if the court finds that there is no settlement agreement, that he
is entitled to the dividends declared on the shares held on trust for him by
the Respondent.

10 The essence of this amendment is contained in paragraphs 29 to 37 of the
Second Proposed Amendment, as follows:[note: 3]

**B.** **COMPROMISE OF THE PLAINTIFF’S CLAIM FOR AN ACCOUNT OF HIS SHARE OF
THE DIVIDENDS**

29.On or around 23rd March 2009, the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant began
negotiations with a view to reaching an amicable settlement of the Plaintiff’s
claim for an account of his share of the dividends ...

30. _The Plaintiff’s primary case is that those negotiations culminated in a binding oral agreement between himself and the 1_ st _Defendant_ , which was made on 31 March 2009 ... by which it was agreed that the 1st Defendant would pay the Plaintiff the sum of $4,500,000 in full and final settlement of his claim in respect of the dividends. …

**_PARTICULARS_**

...

(f)… _The 1_ st _Defendant made an offer to pay $4.5 million which the
Plaintiff verbally accepted then and there._

...

**C.** **BREACH BY THE 1ST DEFENDANT OF THE SETTLEMENT**

31.In breach of the aforementioned settlement agreement, the 1st Defendant has
failed to pay any part of the sum of $4.5 million to the Plaintiff within a
reasonable time or at all.

32.Moreover on 13th May 2009 the 1st Defendant sent an e-mail to the Plaintiff
refusing to pay him anything and thereby evincing a clear intention not to be
bound by the terms of the settlement.

...

**D.** **ALTERNATIVE CLAIM FOR AN ACCOUNT OF DIVIDENDS**

34. _Alternatively if, contrary to the Plaintiff’s primary case based upon the oral settlement agreement, the Court concludes that there was no binding settlement agreement made on 31st March 2009_ or that the 1st Defendant is not bound by that agreement for any reason, _then the Plaintiff is entitled to continue to pursue the claim for an account of the dividends that was ostensibly compromised by the said agreement._

...

**E.** **CLAIM AGAINST THE 2 ND DEFENDANT**

37.For the avoidance of doubt, this claim is only made if the Plaintiff’s
primary case that his claim in respect of the dividends is the subject of a
binding compromise agreement fails.

…

[original emphasis in bold, emphasis added in italics]

11 The Assistant Registrar (“AR”) who heard SUM 3969/2010 disallowed the
Second Proposed Amendment. The Appellant appealed against the AR’s decision in
Registrar’s Appeal No 379 of 2010 (“RA 379/2010”). The AR’s decision was
affirmed by the Judge, from whose decision the Appellant has brought the
present appeal.

The decision below

12 In the Judgment, the Judge affirmed the AR’s decision in RA 379/2010 on
different grounds. The learned Judge held (see the Judgment at [17], [18],
[21], [22] and [34]) that:

17 The plaintiff’s submission that he was not seeking to run two mutually
inconsistent cases called for scrutiny. Two claims were pleaded, the first for
the dividends, ... and the second under contract, on the basis that the
plaintiff and the first defendant had agreed to settle his claim for the claim
for dividends.

18 These two claims are mutually exclusive. _If there was a settlement
agreement_ , it extinguished the dividends claim. If the defendants did not
honour the agreement, the plaintiff can sue on the agreement or repudiate it.
If he sues on the agreement, he cannot pursue the dividends claim. If he
repudiates the agreement, he cannot claim for the settlement sum.

...

21 ... [The plaintiff] argued that this did not call for election, that [he]
is entitled to plead in the alternative, with the claim for the $4.5m as the
main claim and to fall back on the dividends claim if it is found at trial
that there was no settlement agreement. That explanation did not remove the
need to elect if he was allowed to plead in the alternative in the manner set
out in the application. ...

22 _The plaintiff had to confront a basic issue, whether he was entitled to
plead in the alternative as set out in his application. Holding the plaintiff
to his case, he had compromised the dividends claim by the time he commenced
this action_. There was one surviving claim, the claim under the settlement
agreement. He cannot be allowed to maintain the dividends claim when his case
was that the claim had been compromised. It is not a question of election
because election implies that the elector has two proper claims between which
he must choose, and there was only one claim.

...

34 For the reasons stated in [21] and [22] _supra_ , the alternative claim for
the dividends disclosed no reasonable cause of action and is an abuse of the
process of court, and the [Second Proposed Amendment] cannot be allowed.

[emphasis added]

13 From the extract above, it is clear to us that the Judge was not persuaded
by the Appellant’s submissions that he was entitled to plead in the
alternative in manner as set out in the Second Proposed Amendment.

14 The Judge also found that the Appellant could not maintain the original
cause of action when his case was that the original cause of action had been
compromised by a settlement. Therefore, the learned Judge concluded that
Second Proposed Amendment could not be allowed because it disclosed no
reasonable cause of action and was an abuse of the process of court.

Arguments on appeal

Appellant’s arguments

15 On appeal, the Appellant’s main case is that if he were to be put to an
election as to which cause of action (_ie_ , the dividend claim or the
settlement claim) he wishes to pursue, this would result in patent unfairness
to him. This is because, at this stage, the question of whether or not there
was a settlement agreement has not been determined by the Court. If he were
compelled to elect, and he chose to pursue the settlement claim, then he would
be left with nothing should that claim fail.

16 The Appellant submits that, as a matter of law and logic, this outcome
cannot be right because it is settled law that, if the court determines that
there is no settlement agreement reached, the original cause of action
survives as a matter of law.

17 Furthermore, the Appellant submits that his application satisfies the
requirements at law that govern amendments because the Second Proposed
Amendment is not substantially in the same form and sequence as the First
Proposed Amendment which this court previously disallowed. Indeed, as we have
noted above (at [9]), the Appellant has _reversed_ the order of his respective
causes of action.

18 The Appellant also submits there is no rule of law that requires him to
issue fresh proceedings in order to bring a claim; conversely, bringing both
claims in the same suit prevents duplicity of actions and hence leads to
savings of cost and time.

Respondent’s arguments

19 The Respondent’s main case is that an issue of election arises, and that
the Appellant has chosen and must stand by his choice.

20 The Respondent further submits that the Second Proposed Amendment is
inconsistent, dishonest and an abuse of process and that the Appellant is
estopped from pleading both claims in the same action.

Issues on appeal

21 The main issues that have arisen for decision in the present appeal are as
follows:

(a) Whether the Appellant can plead in the alternative in the manner set out
in the Second Proposed Amendment (“the First Issue”).

(b) Whether the Appellant is precluded from amending his pleadings because he
had elected otherwise, or because, for some other reason, allowing the
amendment will result in injustice to the Respondent (“the Second Issue”).

(c) Whether the appeal ought, in any event, to fail as the Second Proposed
Amendment discloses no reasonable cause of action, or, alternatively, is an
abuse of the process of court (“the Third Issue”).

Our decision

The First Issue

The law on the amendment of pleadings

22 The law that governs amendment of pleadings is well-established. This court
held in _Wright Norman and another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ (“
_Wright Norman_ ”) [1993] 3 SLR(R) 640 (at [6]) that:

It is trite law that an amendment which would enable the real issues between
the parties to be tried should be allowed subject to penalties on costs and
adjournment, if necessary, _unless the amendment would cause injustice or
injury to the opposing party which could not be compensated for by costs or
otherwise_ ... [emphasis added]

23 We pause to observe that, over the course of the parties’ lengthy
submissions, there was not a single occasion where the principle in _Wright
Norman_ was mentioned, either expressly or otherwise.

24 The rationale behind the principle in _Wright Norman_ is obvious. The court
should be extremely hesitant to punish litigants for mistakes they make in the
conduct of their cases, by deciding otherwise than in accordance with their
rights: see, for example, _per_ Bowen LJ in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Cropper v Smith_ (1884) 26 Ch D 700 (“ _Cropper_ ”).

25 However, the principle in _Cropper_ has been qualified by Lord Griffiths in
the House of Lords decision of _Ketteman_ _v Hansel Properties Ltd_ [1987] AC
189 (“ _Ketteman_ ”), where the learned law lord observed that the judge must
also consider all the circumstances of the case because “justice cannot always
be measured in terms of money”.

26 The qualification in _Ketteman_ has been repeatedly endorsed in local
cases, and most recently in the Singapore High Court decision of _Tang Chay
Seng v Tung Yang Wee Arthur_ [2010] 4 SLR 1020, where Tan Lee Meng J held (at
[10]–[11]) that:

10 It does not always follow that an amendment should be allowed where the
other party can be compensated with costs. In _Ketteman_ _v Hansel Properties
Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 (“ _Ketteman”_) Lord Griffiths, who pointed out, at 220,
that “justice cannot always be measured in terms of money” explained as
follows:

[A] judge is entitled to weigh in the balance the strain the litigation
imposes on litigants, particularly if they are personal litigants rather than
business corporations, the anxieties occasioned by facing new issues, the
raising of false hopes, and the legitimate expectation that the trial will
determine the issues one way or the other.

11 The courts have been careful to differentiate between an amendment that
merely clarifies an issue in dispute and one that raises a totally different
issue at too late a stage. As Lords Griffiths said in _Ketteman_ , at 220, “to
allow an amendment before a trial begins is quite different from allowing it
at the end of the trial to give an apparently unsuccessful defendant an
opportunity to renew the fight on an entirely different defence”.

27 Indeed, in has been stressed in the Singapore High Court decision of
_United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ng Huat Foundations Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 425
that procedural justice is an important aspect of the holistic ideal and
concept of justice itself. It was held in that case (at [5]) that:

… the court must be extremely wary of falling into the flawed approach to the
effect that “the ends justify the means”. This ought never to be the case. The
obsession with achieving a substantively fair and just outcome does not
justify the utilisation of any and every means to achieve that objective.
There must be fairness in the _procedure or manner_ in which the final outcome
is achieved. [emphasis in original]

28 Applying the above principle in the context of amendment of pleadings, even
if a litigant has a seemingly meritorious claim, an amendment to the pleadings
will be refused if it causes injustice to the opposing party. This is because,
if the procedure used to achieve the outcome is not fair, that itself will
taint the outcome.

29 However, it also follows that, if there will be no injustice caused save
some inconvenience that can be compensated by costs, and the amendment is in
order, the court will lean favourably towards allowing the amendment.

Whether the Second Proposed Amendment is in order

30 An amendment is in order if it complies with the established rules of
pleading set out in Order 18 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“Rules of Court”) as well as under the common law. Specifically, the rules
under Order 18 that arise as issues for consideration in this appeal are as
follows:

(a) Order 18 Rule 7; and

(b) Order 18 Rule 19.

As the applicability of Order 18 Rule 19 is more germane to the Third Issue,
we will discuss Order 18 Rule 7 first.

Order 18 Rule 7

The applicable law on alternative pleadings

31 Order 18 Rule 7 requires that only facts, and not evidence, be pleaded.
However, unlike the civil procedure rules of many other jurisdictions, our
Rules of Court are silent as to whether inconsistent alternatives can be
pleaded. Hence, the common law rules on alternative pleadings continue to
apply in Singapore.

32 The common law rules on alternative pleadings are succinctly explained by
the authors of _Mallal’s Supreme Court Practice_ (Vol 1, 2nd Ed, 1983), which
refer (at para 18/7/4) to a rule that is _in pari materia_ to our Order 18
Rule 7, as follows:

**Alternative pleas:** A plaintiff may base his claim alternatively, upon two
or more different sets of facts, each entitling him to the relief sought, or
of some modifications of it. A plaintiff may rely upon different rights
alternatively and there is nothing in these rules to prevent a party from
making two or more inconsistent sets of allegations and claiming relief in the
alternative. _The object of permitting alternative reliefs to be claimed in
one litigation is to obviate the necessity of another litigation to dispose of
the same controversy or the subject-matter of the same relief_ , though the
ground upon which the relief is claimed may be different. [original emphasis
in bold, emphasis added in italics]

33 The above passage is an accurate statement of the common law. Brett LJ held
in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Philipps v Philipps_ (1878) 4 QBD
127 (“ _Philipps_ ”) that a party is allowed to include two or more
inconsistent sets of material facts and claim relief to each set in the
alternative. He held (at 134) that:

The plaintiff is relying upon several different rights, and I may take it that
he is relying upon them alternatively although they may be inconsistent. _As
to each of those he ought to set out the facts upon which he would have to
rely as facts to maintain that right._ [emphasis added]

34 The requirement that the facts relied upon by each alternative separately
be set out is important, because failure to do so will likely result in
confusion and embarrassment. The learned authors of _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (G P Selvam ed-in-chief) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) explain (at para
18/7/20) that, as a matter of practice:

Whenever alternative cases are alleged, the facts belonging to them
respectively ought not to be mixed up, but should be stated separately, so as
to show on what facts each alternative relief is claimed.

35 The above principles were endorsed and qualified by our High Court in
_Chong Poh Siew v Chong Poh Heng_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 188 (“ _Chong Poh Siew_ ”),
where M P H Rubin J held (at [61] and [62]) that:

... Given the conflicting nature of the interests, I am of the opinion that
this alternative plea is simply not available to the plaintiff. It is settled
law that a plaintiff may rely on several different rights alternatively though
they may be inconsistent (_per_ Brett LJ in _Philipps v Philipps_ (1878) 4 QBD
127 at 134). ...

Though the plaintiff is technically the legal owner of the disputed share by
virtue of the deed of assignment, having regard to his underlying stance
denying the existence of the trust on which the court has reached a finding
unfavourable to him, _it will not, in my opinion, commune with common sense
and justice_ to order the release of the proceeds of the disputed share to
him. …

[emphasis added]

36 The suggestion in _Chong Poh Siew_ that, while a party has the right to
plead inconsistent rights in the alternative, the alternatives cannot offend
common sense and justice represents the law in Singapore. Indeed, in
_Brailsford v Tobie_ (1888) 10 ALT 194 (“ _Brailsford_ ”), it was held that an
exception to the general rule is that alternative statements of fact are not
permitted if one statement or the other must, to the knowledge of the pleader,
be false.

37 This exception highlights the tension the law faces in deciding whether or
not to permit parties to plead inconsistent causes of action in the
alternative. While the pleader should be free to plead inconsistent causes of
action in the alternative, the inconsistency cannot – particularly in relation
to the facts pleaded – offend common sense. One obvious example of an
inconsistency that will offend common sense is when the pleader has actual
knowledge of which alternative is true, as was the case in _Brailsford_.

38 Indeed, in the latest edition of a leading practitioners’ text on civil
procedure in Singapore, it was observed as follows (see _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 18/1/5):

_Combining various causes of action, pleas and parties_

... Claims which are inconsistent with each other may be pleaded but should be
alleged in the alternative (_Bagot v Easton_ (1877) 7 Ch D 1). For instance, a
claim for fraud might be coupled with an alternative claim for negligence. If
the plaintiff pleads fraud solely but is only able to prove negligence, he
will not be able to obtain his remedy (_Connecticut Fire Insurance v Kavanagh_
[1892] AC 473). However, the court may be unwilling to accept an alternative
plea if, in the circumstances, this would not be in the interests of justice
(see _Chong Poh Siew v Chong Poh Heng_ [1995] 1 SLR 135, at 151). ...

Conclusion

39 Applying the above principles to the facts of the present appeal, we are of
the view that the approach taken in _Chong Poh Siew_ is sound and that the
Appellant is not precluded from pleading the inconsistent causes of action in
the _alternative_ , as long as the facts are not mixed up and are stated
separately in order to demonstrate on what facts each alternative relief is
based.

40 This is exactly what the Appellant did in his Second Proposed Amendment (as
to which, see above at [10]):

(a) At paragraphs 29 to 33, the Appellant sets out the facts that give rise to
the settlement. At paragraphs 39(1) and (2), the Appellant sets out the relief
sought under those facts.

(b) At paragraphs 17 to 28, and 34 to 35, the Appellant sets out the facts
that give rise to the original cause of action. At paragraphs 39(3) to (6), he
claims, _in the alternative_ , the relief sought under those facts.

41 What the Appellant has done is clearly in line with _Philipps_ (see above
at [33]), as well with the general practice set out in the relevant texts (see
above at [34] and [38]). Therefore, the inconsistent causes of action pleaded
do not form a basis for the court to deny the Appellant’s Second Proposed
Amendment because those inconsistent causes of action are indeed properly
pleaded in the alternative.

The Second Issue

42 In addition to the submission that the Appellant’s Second Proposed
Amendment is not in order, the Respondent raised several other objections to
the Second Proposed Amendment. The main objections can be summarised as
follows:

(a) The Appellant is precluded by the doctrine of _election_ from making the
amendment. From the way the Appellant conducted his case, he is no longer
entitled to sue on the settlement agreement because he had already elected to
sue on the original cause of action when he first commenced proceedings (“the
issue of election”).

(b) By suing initially on the original cause of action, there is now total
failure of consideration on the part of the Appellant (“the issue of total
failure of consideration”).

(c) The Appellant is trying to use the Second Proposed Amendment as a backdoor
to bring in “without prejudice” evidence that was struck out by the Court of
Appeal in CA 93/2009 (“the issue of “without prejudice” evidence”).

(d) As a matter of policy, allowing the Second Proposed Amendment in this case
would have a chilling effect on settlement proceedings in general (“the policy
issue”).

(e) Having dragged the Respondent through two years of litigation, it is now
too late for the Appellant to change their mind because they are estopped from
doing so (“the issue of estoppel”).

43 We have considered all the above submissions and are not persuaded by any
of them for reasons set out below.

(a) The issue of election

44 The submissions on the issue of election formed one of the major planks in
the Respondent’s case before this court. The crux of the submissions on this
issue is that the Appellant must elect which claim to pursue, because the
Appellant cannot sue on both claims at the same time.

45 The Respondent further submits that, having elected to pursue the original
claim for dividends, the Appellant must stand by his election and can no
longer pursue the settlement claim.

46 We are unable to agree with the Respondent’s submissions on this point.
Keeping in mind the law on alternative pleadings, we have, with respect, found
these arguments to be without merit. The fact that the Appellant cannot
succeed on both claims at the same time does not disentitle him to plead both
claims in the alternative within the same suit.

47 In our view, the question of election does not even arise at this stage. In
order to understand why this is so, we must analyse the authorities cited by
the Respondent in greater detail.

48 The Respondent relies, in the main, on three cases: _Lam Fung-ying v Ho
Tung-sing and Another_ [1993] 2 HKLR 187 (“ _Lam Fung-ying_ ”); _Deman
Construction Corp v 1429036 Ontario Inc._ 64 CLR (3d) 82 (“ _Deman_ ”); and
_The “Dilman Fulmar”_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 140 (“ _Dilman Fulmar_ ”) to support his
argument that the need to elect arises at this stage.

49 In a more general vein, the cases relating to settlement agreements can be
analysed from two perspectives – first, where the existence of the settlement
is not in dispute and, secondly, where (in contrast) the existence of the
settlement is in fact in dispute.

Where the existence of the settlement agreement is not in dispute

50 Issues of election might arise where the existence of the settlement
agreement is not in dispute. The precise legal effect would depend on whether
or not it is the defendant or the plaintiff who is in repudiatory breach of
the settlement agreement. (see generally David Foskett, _The Law and Practice
of Compromise_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2010) (“ _Foskett_ ”) at Chapter 8)
However, as this is not the situation that is before this court in the present
appeal, we would venture to say no more.

Where the existence of the settlement agreement is in dispute

51 Where, however, the existence of the settlement agreement is in dispute
(which is the situation in the context of the present appeal), _that_ question
_must first be settled by the court before_ a party can be said to have
breached the settlement. As a matter of logic, the existence of a settlement
agreement _must necessarily_ _precede_ a determination of whether either party
breached the settlement.

52 At this stage, _neither_ party is put to an election. The need for election
_does not arise yet_ because the question of whether or not there is a
settlement agreement to breach _has not yet been decided_ by the court.

53 Rather, the innocent party should apply for the question of whether or not
a settlement agreement exists to be tried as a preliminary issue. There is
local authority that adopts precisely such an approach. Judith Prakash J in
the Singapore High Court decision of _T2 Networks Pte Ltd v Nasioncom Sdn Bhd_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 1 found no difficulty in dealing with the issue as to whether
or not there was a settlement agreement as a preliminary issue. After Prakash
J determined that there was no settlement agreement between the parties, she
proceeded to determine the merits of dispute in the original cause of action.
All these issues were determined within the same trial. Hence, we are of the
view that, in the interests of practicality, a plaintiff is entitled to sue on
both the alleged settlement agreement and the original cause of action (by way
of alternative pleadings) in the same suit.

54 If the court determines that there was indeed a settlement agreement, and
one party is in repudiatory breach of the settlement, the other (innocent)
party will then (as alluded to at [50] above) be put to an election as to
whether to affirm or to terminate the settlement agreement instead.

55 On the other hand, if the court determines that there was no settlement
agreement arrived at between the parties, the original cause of action is not
affected. Since there was no settlement agreement, a plaintiff can proceed to
sue, and a defendant remains liable to be sued, on the original cause of
action. It is clear that no issue of election arises in such a situation.

56 Therefore, we consider, with respect, the Respondent’s submissions on
election to be both premature and, hence, misconceived, since the court has
not yet decided whether or not there was a settlement agreement arrived at
between the parties.

57 We pause for the moment to observe the reason as to why the present
proceedings have unfolded in such a tangled fashion. Usually, if the terms of
the settlement agreement are favourable to the defendant, he or she would want
to enforce the settlement agreement rather than be sued by the plaintiff on
the original cause of action. However, we could envision certain situations
where the defendant would prefer to be sued on the original cause of action
rather than on the settlement agreement. This might be due to various tactical
reasons: for example, the defendant might think that the plaintiff’s claim
under the original cause of action is weaker than his or her claim under the
settlement agreement; or, as appears to be the case here, there might be
“without prejudice” evidence that can be kept out of the trial of the original
cause of action, but not out of the trial of the settlement claim.

58 However, if the defendant chooses not ask the court to determine whether or
not there was a settlement agreement, he cannot proceed to allege that the
plaintiff is in repudiatory breach of the settlement _as if there was a
settlement_**.** This is _not_ permissible because, to use the words of the
Respondent, a party cannot have his cake and eat it too. As we have emphasised
earlier, the question of whether or not there is a settlement agreement
_should always precede_ the question of whether or not there was a repudiatory
breach _of the settlement agreement_.

59 In fact, upon closer scrutiny, whilst the Appellant has put forth two
inconsistent claims, the Respondent has _himself also_ put forth two
inconsistent defences. Essentially, the Respondent is alleging that there was
no settlement agreement and, _in the alternative_ , if there was a settlement
agreement, the Appellant had acted in repudiatory breach and the Respondent
had thereby terminated the settlement agreement. The defences are inconsistent
because surely the Respondent cannot succeed on both defences at the same
time.

60 In future cases, and for the avoidance of doubt, if the existence of a
settlement agreement is in question, it should generally be determined as a
preliminary issue. Either party could make such an application. Where no
application to such effect is made, but the pleadings disclose that such an
issue exists, the court could, on its own motion, make a direction to
determine the question as a preliminary issue.

The relevance of the cases cited by the Respondent

61 We have considered the three cases cited by the Respondent (see [48] above)
to support his argument that the need to elect arises at this stage of the
proceedings. However, we are not persuaded by any of the three cases cited.
The factual matrix of the present appeal is very different from that in all of
the three cases cited.

62 From the foregoing analysis, the issue of election might become relevant
only _if the court were to find that a settlement agreement exists._ Since the
court has not yet made a finding of whether or not a settlement agreement
exists between the Appellant and the Respondent, cases where the existence of
a settlement agreement is not in dispute are relevant in so far as they
analyse the rights of the innocent party (including the issue of election)
only _after_ the court makes a finding that a settlement agreement exists in
the present case.

63 In the circumstances, it follows that all three cases cited are neither
relevant nor persuasive authority for us to decide the present appeal.
However, for completeness, we shall set out the specific reasons as to why we
are not persuaded by those three cases.

Lam Fung-ying

64 _Lam Fung-ying_ is a decision by the Hong Kong Court of Appeal. The
Respondent cited _Lam Fung-ying_ as authority for the proposition that the
Appellant, having elected to prosecute the original action, could not later
resile from that election and set up the compromise instead.

65 In _Lam Fung-ying_ , settlement negotiations were entered into only after
the trial of the original cause of action had begun. The parties discussed
compromise in the middle of trial, and it was unclear on what terms the oral
compromise was reached. The plaintiff then tried to assert the compromise by
consent judgment in the original cause of action and this was denied by Master
Woolley. Instead of appealing against Master Woolley’s decision, the plaintiff
elected to proceed with the original cause of action. Subsequently, the
plaintiff then tried to institute fresh proceedings to set up the compromise.
The Hong Kong Court of Appeal held that the fresh proceedings should be struck
out on the basis that the plaintiff, having elected to pursue her original
claim rather than appeal against the Master Woolley’s finding, could not now
resile from that and set up the compromise instead.

66 We agree with the outcome of the case. Initially, the plaintiff thought
that she had come to a compromise with the defendant. However, when the
plaintiff tried to enter a consent order, the defendant resisted the order by
alleging that no compromise had been reached. Godfrey J held (at 190) that, in
that situation, the plaintiff is faced with three options, specifically:

Her first option was to accept the defendants’ repudiation of the compromise
and to get on, or attempt to get on, with the original action. This was not
ideal, for she would thereby lose the benefit of the compromise which she had
obtained (or, at any rate, thought that she had obtained).

Her second option was to attempt to assert the compromise by seeking to
enforce it in the original action. This was not ideal, either; for, in the
absence of an endorsed consent summons, she might have difficulty in
persuading the court to make the appropriate order. ... And even if the issue
_was_ decided in favour of the plaintiff, it might be possible for the
defendants, having lost on the issue, then to go on to argue that the
compromise had the effect, not of entitling the plaintiff to an order in the
terms of the proposed consent summons, but of entitling the plaintiff merely
to damages for breach of the compromise agreement (a claim which she would be
able to advance only in a fresh action).

The plaintiff’s third option was to attempt to assert the compromise in
precisely that way; i.e. by bringing a fresh action against the defendants for
damages for breach of the compromise agreement. But this would be even less
satisfactory; for the plaintiff would have lost her right to get on with her
original action (if indeed that right had survived the compromise agreement)
and also her right to a consent order embodying the terms which had been
agreed.

[emphasis in original]

67 With the greatest respect, we are unable to agree with the Hong Kong Court
of Appeal’s analysis of the plaintiff’s options. We would have thought that,
in so far as the first option is concerned, if the plaintiff had chosen to
accept the defendants’ repudiation of the compromise, she would not have lost
the benefit of the compromise because she would have been entitled to sue on
the defendants’ repudiatory breach of the settlement to recover damages.
Therefore, we reject the Respondent’s submissions on this particular aspect of
_Lam Fung-ying_.

68 In any event, the above passage was strictly _obiter_ to the resolution of
_Lam Fung-ying_. Indeed, by the time of the trial, the plaintiff had already
elected to proceed on the second of the three suggested options. Godfrey J
proceeded to hold (at 190) that:

The first step the plaintiff took after the defendants repudiated the
compromise was to apply for a judgment on terms carrying into effect the
compromise agreement; **_she went for the second option_**. But, on 23rd
January 1992, Master Woolley rejected her application. ...

**_The plaintiff was now faced with another choice; i.e. whether or not to
appeal against Master Woolley’s refusal of her application_** or to write off
the repudiated compromise and get on with her original action.

**_She elected not to appeal against the decision of Master Woolley. Instead,
she elected to get on with her original action_** ...**_The conduct of the
plaintiff just described is consistent only with an election_** (it does not
matter whether it was wise or foolish, or even whether it was permissible)
**_to get on with the original action rather than to seek to assert the
compromise._** By her conduct, too, the plaintiff communicated her election to
the defendants who, by giving the particulars requested, accepted and acted on
it, incurring costs in doing so.

But then the plaintiff had second thoughts.

On 1st April 1992, the plaintiff instituted the subsequent action, setting up
the compromise agreement and seeking to enforce it. ...

**_In our judgment, this was a step which the plaintiff was not entitled to
take, having regard to her earlier election (in the light of the defendants’
repudiation of the compromise agreement and the master’s rejection of her
application to enforce it) to prosecute the original action._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

69 It is clear to us that the passages in bold italics above form the _ratio
decidendi_ in _Lam Fung-ying_.

70 We agree fully with the _ratio decidendi_ in _Lam Fung-ying_. By not
appealing against Master Woolley’s decision, and by, instead, reverting back
to the original cause of action and taking active steps in those proceedings,
the plaintiff in _Lam Fung-ying_ had made an unequivocal election and was
therefore estopped from subsequently instituting fresh proceedings to set up
the settlement. Indeed, when the plaintiff in _Lam Fung-ying_ purported to
institute fresh proceedings, the Court of Appeal struck out her claim on the
basis of abuse of process. This was because, so long as Master Woolley’s
decision stood, the settlement claim was bound to fail even if the amendment
was allowed.

71 However, we are of the view that the _ratio decidendi_ in _Lam Fung-ying_
can be distinguished from the present appeal on the following grounds. In _Lam
Fung-ying_ , Master Woolley had already decided that there was no settlement
between the parties, and this decision constituted a binding judicial
pronouncement on the merits of an issue, _ie_ , whether a settlement agreement
was reached. This must be contrasted with the present appeal, where there has
not been a judicial pronouncement on whether or not settlement has been
reached.

72 The distinguishing feature of _Lam Fung-ying_ from the present case is that
plaintiff in _Lam Fung-ying_ had an opportunity before Master Woolley to be
heard on her claim that there was an oral compromise. The fact that Master
Woolley found against her was irrelevant. This must be contrasted once again
with the present appeal, where the Appellant has not been heard on the issue
of whether or not a settlement agreement had been reached. In fact, the actual
trial has not even begun. One must not lose sight of the fact that the
Appellant is simply applying to amend his Statement of Claim in the context of
the present appeal.

73 In the circumstances, we are not persuaded that _Lam Fung-ying_ is relevant
to the present appeal.

Deman

74 _Deman_ is a decision by the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. The
Respondent cited _Deman_ for the proposition that where an offer to settle had
been repudiated and where the plaintiff had continued his original claim, the
plaintiff did not have the option of pursuing the settlement agreement as
well.

75 It should, however, be noted that the existence of a settlement was not in
dispute in _Deman_ , where van Rensberg J held (at [23]-[24]) that:

_In my view the evidence is clear and beyond doubt that the parties entered
into a binding settlement agreement._ ...

_The defendants failed to perform their obligations under the Settlement
Agreement and instead took the position that there was no enforceable
agreement_ because the Rompsen financing had fallen through. Contradictory
evidence was offered by the defendants on this point. ...

[emphasis added]

76 Furthermore, whether or not the plaintiff in _Deman_ could enforce the
settlement turned chiefly upon the interpretation of Rule 49.09 of the _Rules
of Civil Procedure_ (RRO 1990, Reg 1994) in Ontario: a rule which has no
direct or close equivalent in Singapore. Therefore, we are not persuaded that
_Deman_ is relevant in the context of the present appeal.

Dilman Fulmar

77 We now turn to the third case relied upon by the Respondent. The Respondent
cited _Dilman Fulmar_ , a Singapore High Court decision, for the proposition
that in the event of a repudiation of a settlement agreement, the innocent
party is required to elect between suing on the settlement agreement and suing
on the original claim. We agree with the Respondent’s interpretation of what
_Dilman Fulmar_ stands for. However, we do not, with respect, see the
relevance of that case to the present appeal.

78 In _Dilman Fulmar_ , as in _Deman_ , the existence of a settlement was not
an issue. The defendant in _Dilman Fulmar_ repudiated the settlement and on a
true construction certain clauses of the written settlement agreement, Belinda
Ang Saw Ean J held that the original claim could be revived by the plaintiff.

79 The factual context in _Dilman Fulmar_ is therefore quite different from
that in the present appeal. In particular, we emphasise once again that, in
the present appeal, the question as to whether a settlement exists has not yet
been resolved. Therefore, we are also not persuaded that _Dilman Fulmar_ is
relevant in the context of the present appeal.

Conclusion

80 For the foregoing reasons, we conclude that, before a court determines the
issue of whether or not a settlement exists between the parties, the doctrine
of election does not apply. This is precisely the situation in the present
appeal. We now turn to the four other issues raised by the Respondent under
the Second Issue.

(b) The issue of total failure of consideration

81 The Respondent submits that, by putting himself in a position where it
becomes impossible to perform his obligation, the plaintiff is in repudiatory
breach of the settlement. The Respondent further submits that this amounts to
total failure of consideration on the part of the Appellant.

82 We do not see, however, how this question of a total failure of
consideration can arise at this stage of the proceedings, which relates only
to the pleadings. In his original Statement of Claim, the Appellant’s cause of
action was based entirely on a trust, although facts relating to a settlement
negotiation were alluded to. When the matter came before us in CA 93/2009, the
Appellant sought to amend his Statement of Claim by claiming, first, on a
trust or, in the alternative, on the basis of a settlement. Whilst we
dismissed that appeal and did not allow the First Proposed Amendment sought by
the Appellant, we expressly stated (as noted above at [8]) that the dismissal
of the appeal did not preclude the Appellant from making further amendments
(albeit not in exactly the same form as those which were sought to be made in
CA 93/2009).

83 Now, in the Second Proposed Amendment, the Appellant wishes to amend his
Statement of Claim to base his claim, firstly, on an alleged settlement
arrived at between the parties or, in the alternative, on trust (which was, as
noted above, the original claim) in the event that the court should hold that
there had been no such settlement.

84 Looked at in this light, we are indeed surprised that this particular
ground (_viz_ , total failure of consideration) is being raised against the
Second Proposed Amendment at this stage of the proceedings. At no time
hitherto in the proceedings below (whether in the pleadings or in the
affidavits filed) has the Respondent asserted that a settlement had in fact
been arrived at between the parties. Neither has the Respondent alleged that
he had either made or offered to make payment to the Appellant pursuant to a
settlement. In the present circumstances, whether or not there was in fact
such a settlement arrived at between the parties would be the first issue to
be decided at during the trial. If the court should find that there had in
fact been such a settlement, the next question to be determined would be
whether any party was in breach of it. Both these issues are fact-sensitive.
It is therefore, in our view, entirely premature to talk about a total failure
of consideration in relation to the alleged settlement at this particular
juncture.

85 Although we have explained above how no issue of failure of consideration
would arise at this stage, we should, for completeness, add an observation.
The doctrine of total failure of consideration operates as a restitutionary
remedy enabling an innocent party to recover money paid under a contract
because, by virtue of the other party’s breach, the innocent party has not
enjoyed the benefit of any part of what it has bargained for: see the oft-
cited House of Lords decision in _Fibrosa Spolka Akcyjna v Fairbairn Lawson
Combe Barbour Ltd_ [1943] AC 32. Under the common law, the failure of
consideration must be _total_ , and not _partial_. Hence, assuming that it is
established that a settlement between the parties was arrived at and that the
settlement sum had been paid by the Respondent to the Appellant, the
Respondent would need to demonstrate that the Respondent has not enjoyed the
benefit of any part of what was intended under the settlement – in particular,
that he has not enjoyed the benefit of not being sued by the Appellant from
the day the settlement was allegedly concluded right up to the commencement of
the present suit. This is also a question of fact that ought to be placed
before the trial judge.

(c) The issue of “without prejudice” evidence

86 The procedural question in the present appeal is whether the court can
determine the issue of the existence of a settlement within the same trial as
the original cause of action. This issue is complicated by the fact that
“without prejudice” evidence can be adduced to at the trial of the settlement
to prove its existence, but not with respect to the trial of the original
cause of action.

Luk Por v Chau Kim Hung

87 The Respondent cited _Luk Por v Chau Kim Hung_ [2001] 1 HKC 674 (“ _Luk
Por_ ”) for the proposition that it is most undesirable that evidence of the
“without prejudice” negotiations should be admitted at the trial of the
original action as it might well prejudice the defendant.

88 _Luk Por_ is a decision by the Hong Kong Court of First Instance. The
plaintiff in _Luk Por_ had a claim against the defendant and sued him on the
claim. The parties then enter into settlement negotiations during trial. The
plaintiff then applied to amend his pleadings to plead the new settlement
claim in the alternative. The defendant denied reaching settlement with the
plaintiff. The amendment was refused.

89 The chief distinguishing feature of _Luk Por_ from the present appeal is
that the settlement negotiations in _Luk Por_ were entered into during the
trial of the original cause of action. Therefore, even if the settlement
existed, it did not exist as of the date of the plaintiff’s original
pleadings, and cannot be pleaded within the same action as the original cause
of action. As Sakhrani J rightly held (at 677A):

… this is the sort of situation which requires the plaintiff to bring a fresh
action to seek redress under the compromise between the parties.

90 In addition, the plaintiffs in _Luk Por_ pleaded the original claim as the
primary claim, and the settlement claim in the alternative. It is in this
context that Sakhrani J made the statement (at 677F) that:

It is most undesirable that evidence of the ‘without prejudice’ negotiations
should be admitted at the trial of the original action as it might well
prejudice the defendant. The defendant might also be cross examined on the
settlement terms.

91 Sakhrani J is undoubtedly correct on this point, because, quite apart from
the issue of “without prejudice” evidence, pleading in that order would result
in embarrassment. Indeed, this was that the Appellant attempted to do in his
First Proposed Amendment, and this court had already disallowed the amendment
on the basis that it was not in order. In fact, this court had expressly
stated in the Addendum to CA 93/2009 (above at [8]) that:

... Whether any “without prejudice” evidence (“the contested evidence”) may be
permitted to be adduced in the proceedings would have to be determined in
accordance with the general law and in the light of any future amendments to
pleading (if any) as may be allowed. _For the avoidance of doubt we should
state that the dismissal of the appeal does not mean that we have ruled that
the contested evidence is inadmissible under any circumstances. We have only
determined that the contested evidence is inadmissible on the basis of the
existing pleadings._ [emphasis added]

92 Looking at the Second Proposed Amendment, the Appellant has sought to bring
_the settlement claim_ as his _primary_ claim, and the original dividend claim
as his _alternative_ claim. In our view, the Second Proposed Amendment has
cured the embarrassment that was inherent in the original Statement of Claim.
We fail to see how this equates to exploiting a legal backdoor to the “without
prejudice” rule in the manner argued for by the Respondent.

93 Therefore, we are of the view that the holdings in _Luk Por_ are only
relevant to the First Proposed Amendment and are not relevant to the present
appeal.

Using “without prejudice” evidence to prove the fact that a settlement
agreement exists

94 The law is well-established inasmuch as, when the issue is whether or not
the negotiations resulted in an agreed settlement, “without prejudice”
evidence exchanged over the course of negotiations is admissible at trial.
_Foskett_ (at para 19-28) states that:

**The fact of agreement**

One aspect of Hoffmann L.J.’s analysis that survives these reservations is the
proposition that _the evidence showing that an agreement had been concluded is
simply_ _relevant to a fact that needs to be proved and there is no
countervailing public policy requirement that the evidence to support such a
fact should be excluded._ On any analysis it has always been the position that
the contents of without prejudice negotiations can be revealed and considered
by the court if an issue arises as to whether an agreement has been concluded.
_The whole purpose of the privilege would be negated if it were not possible
to lift the veil on the negotiations to determine whether an agreement had
crystallised._ If the result of that determination is that no agreement was
concluded, the veil can be drawn again over the contents of the negotiations.

[original emphasis in bold, emphasis added in italics]

95 Indeed, this court held in Quek Kheng Leong Nicky and another v Teo Beng
Ngoh and others and another appeal [2009] 4 SLR(R) 181 (at [23] and [24])
that:

23 The rule against the admission of “without prejudice” communications is,
however, subject to a number of exceptions. The most important instances were
set out by Robert Walker LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_Unilever Plc v The Procter & Gamble Co_ [2000] 1 WLR 2436 at 2444-2445 (“
_Unilever_ ”) ...

24 _One key exception_ (which is crucial to the determination of the present
appeal) _is where “without prejudice” communications are admitted to determine
whether there was a compromise reached and, if so, what the terms of that
concluded compromise agreement were_ (see, in particular, the oft-cited
English Court of Appeal decision of _Tomlin v Standard Telephones and Cables
Ltd_ [1969] 1 WLR 1378 (“ _Tomlin_ ”), where Danckwerts LJ endorsed (at
1382-1383) the important _dicta_ by Lindley LJ in the (also) English Court of
Appeal decision of _Walker v Wilsher_ (1889) 23 QBD 335). In _Walker v
Wilsher_ , Lindley LJ had observed as follows (at 337):

What is the meaning of the words ‘without prejudice’? I think they mean
without prejudice to the position of the writer of the letter if the terms he
proposes are not accepted. If the terms proposed in the letter are accepted a
complete contract is established, and the letter, although written without
prejudice, operates to alter the old state of things and to establish a new
one.

Danckwerts LJ went on to hold in _Tomlin_ (at 1383) that:

That statement of Lindley L.J. is of great authority and seems to me to apply
exactly to the present case if, in fact, there was a binding agreement, or an
agreement intended to be binding, reached between the parties, and,
accordingly, it seems to me that not only was the court entitled to look at
the letters, though they were described as ‘without prejudice,’ but it is
quite possible (and, in fact, the intention of the parties was) that there was
a binding agreement contained in that correspondence.

It should be mentioned that, although Ormrod J dissented in _Tomlin_ , this
was only on the issue of application and not principle. _Tomlin has, in fact,
been cited and applied in numerous English decisions (including Rush &
Tompkins at 1300 and Unilever at 2444). Indeed, this particular exception is
firmly established in the local context_ (see, _eg_ , Jeffrey Pinsler,
_Singapore Court Practice_ _2006_ (LexisNexis, 2006) at para 24/3/10 (and the
authorities cited therein) and _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 10(2)
(LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue) at para 120.430; general reference may also be
made, in the context of this particular exception, to Vaver ([23]  _supra_) at
143-147).

[emphasis added]

96 From the foregoing analysis, it is clear that, in Singapore, the “without
prejudice” rule is not an absolute rule and is subject to a number of
exceptions, the most important being the exception in _Rush & Tompkins Ltd v
Greater London Council_ [1989] AC 1280. In our view, the Appellant’s case
falls squarely within this exception to the “without prejudice” rule.

97 Hence, if a judge finds that a settlement agreement has not been concluded,
the veil can be drawn over the “without prejudice” evidence again. As a matter
of procedure, if a trial judge who is cognisant of the “without prejudice”
evidence feels that he or she is unable to exclude such evidence from his or
her mind in the subsequent trial of the original cause of action, he or she
can recuse himself and have another judge conduct the trial of the original
cause of action.

(d) The policy issue

98 The Respondent submits that allowing the Second Proposed Amendment will
have a chilling effect on settlement negotiations in general; and therefore,
as a matter of policy, the Second Proposed Amendment should not be allowed.

99 We do not think that allowing the Second Proposed Amendment in the present
case would lead to the outcome suggested by the Respondent. On the contrary,
we are of view that by _not_ allowing the Second Proposed Amendment, we would
disturb an entire line of local authority that makes it clear that there are
certain exceptions to the “without prejudice” rule, and this would lead to a
chilling effect on settlement negotiations in general. Therefore, we are not
persuaded by the submissions on this issue.

(e) The issue of estoppel

100 Finally, the Respondent submits that having been dragged through two years
of litigation, it is now too late for the Appellant to change his mind because
he is estopped from doing so.

101 In our view, such an argument is circular in nature and therefore cannot
be accepted. The fact that a party is seeking leave to amend suggests that his
pleading is defective and he wishes the cure the defect. The other party
cannot, as it were, put the cart before the horse and resist the amendment on
the basis that the original pleading is defective. The rules that govern
amendment of pleadings in this case are the rules stated in _Wright Norman_.

102 The law is trite that an amendment duly made takes effect from the date of
the original document which it amends. After the amendment, the amended
document will be taken to have existed in the amended form right from the
start. Indeed, Sakhrani J in _Luk Por_ held (at 677G to H) that:

There is a further reason why the said amendment should not be allowed. _It
must be remembered that an amendment duly made takes effect, not from the date
when the amendment is made, but from the date of the original document which
it amends._ The original statement of claim is dated 30 September 1997. As at
that date the cause of action based on the new claim under the settlement
agreement did not even exist. The settlement agreement is said to be made on
11 June 1999\. [emphasis added]

103 The amendment application also failed in _Luk Por_ because the settlement
negotiations were entered into _after_ the plaintiff had sued on the original
cause of action, and therefore the settlement could not have been pleaded
together with the original cause of action in the same statement of claim
filed before the settlement negotiations.

104 However, in the present case, the alleged settlement negotiations were
entered into and concluded on 31 March 2009, _before_ the Appellant commenced
Suit No 453 of 2009 on 26 May 2009. If the Second Proposed Amendment was
allowed, there would be no problem of timing as there was in _Luk Por_. The
amended pleading would be take effect from the date of the original pleading,
as if the pleading existed in the amended form right from the start.

105 Hence, we cannot accept the Respondent’s argument that it is now too late
for the Appellant to turn back via the Second Proposed Amendment. In fact,
more than two years has passed since the commencement of the suit, yet the
actual trial has not even begun because the Respondent has been valiantly
resisting every single application of the Appellant at the interlocutory
stage. The Respondent cannot then set up this resistance as a reason to deny
the Appellant his day in court.

The Third Issue

The law on striking out

106 Even if an amendment is in order, the court will not allow the amendment
if it is obvious that the amended claim would be struck out at trial. We pause
to observe – parenthetically – that, whilst the Respondent raised a whole
battery of arguments in support of his argument that the Appellant’s Second
Proposed Amendment was an abuse of the process of the court, the only
substantive argument centred, in our view, on Order 18 Rule 19 of the Rules of
Court.

107 For ease of reference, the circumstances under which a pleading can be
struck out pursuant to Order 18 Rule 19 of the Rules of Court are set out, as
follows:

**Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)**

**19.** —(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck
out or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

(2) No evidence shall be admissible on an application under paragraph (1)
(_a_).

(3) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

Whether the Second Proposed Amendment ought to be struck out

108 The Judge held that the Second Proposed Amendment ought to be struck out
pursuant to limbs (a) and (d) of Order 18 Rule 19(1) (see generally the
Judgment at [29]-[34]).

Order 18 Rule 19(1)(a)

109 The Judge held that the claim for dividends disclosed no reasonable cause
of action because:

(a) the Appellant had not taken a consistent position in his affidavits as to
whether or not he had accepted an offer the $4.5 million or not; and

(b) the Appellant had taken opposite positions on different times with equal
conviction.

110 We respectfully differ from the Judge with regard to this aspect of his
decision. The draconian power of the court to strike out a claim at the
interlocutory stage under limb (a) of Order 18 Rule 19(1) can only be
exercised when it is patently clear that there is no reasonable cause of
action on the face of the pleadings. The mere fact that a case is weak and not
likely to succeed is not a valid ground for striking out a claim under this
ground. In the Singapore High Court decision of _Active Timber Agencies Pte
Ltd v Allen & Gledhill_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 334, M P H Rubin J held (at [13])
that:

… On the subject of reasonable cause of action, cases annotated in the
_Supreme Court Practice_ 1995 (see para 18/19/11) support the view that a
reasonable cause of action means a cause of action with some prospect of
success when only the allegations in the pleadings are considered (_per_ Lord
Pearson in _Drummond-Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER
1094 (CA)). _Another principle enunciated by the courts over the years
underpins the proposition that so long as the statement of claim or the
particulars disclose some cause of action or raise some question to be decided
by a judge or a jury, the mere fact that the case is weak and not likely to
succeed, is no ground for striking it out._ The central point which seems to
emerge in all the decided cases is that the object of the rule is to stop
cases which ought not to be launched - cases which are _obviously
unsustainable_ or patently frivolous or vexatious (see the observations of
Lindley LJ in _Attorney General of the Duchy of Lancaster v London And North
Western Railway Company_ [1892] 3 Ch 274 at 277). [emphasis added]

111 The above principles were cited with approval by this court in _The “Tokai
Maru”_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646. Although that case involved an application to
strike out a defence, the principles enunciated by this court are equally
applicable to a statement of claim as well. It was held (at [44]) that:

…The hearing of the application should not therefore involve a minute
examination of the documents or the facts of the case in order to see whether
there is a reasonable defence. _To do that is to usurp the position of the
trial judge and the result is a trial in chambers, on affidavits only, without
discovery and without oral evidence tested by cross-examination in the
ordinary way_ (see _Wenlock v Moloney_ [1965] 2 All ER 871). … [emphasis
added]

112 Therefore, we consider the law relating to Order 18 Rule 19(1)(a) to be
relatively well established. We pause to emphasise that the requirement under
Order 18 Rule 19(1)(a) is strict. The pleading itself must fail to make out a
reasonable cause of action without reference to other evidence before it can
be struck out under limb (a). Such is the rationale behind Order 18 Rule
19(2), which prevents parties from adducing evidence on an application under
Order 18 Rule 19(1)(a).

113 In our view, a reasonable cause of action is disclosed on the face of the
Second Proposed Amendment. It therefore follows that the Second Proposed
Amendment cannot be struck out under Order 18 Rule 19(1)(a) if we were to
allow it.

Order 18 Rule 19(1)(b)

114 We are of the view that there is no issue that the Second Proposed
Amendment is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious within the meaning of Order 18
Rule 19 (1)(b).

Order 18 Rule 19(1)(c)

115 The First Proposed Amendment was disallowed on the basis that it was
legally embarrassing. By pleading the dividend claim as the primary claim and
the settlement claim in the alternative, the Appellant had put himself in a
legally embarrassing position because, after the court rules on the original
cause of action, the court cannot then proceed to rule on the settlement
claim. A judicial pronouncement on the original cause of action is premised
upon the absence of a settlement. Regardless of the outcome of the ruling on
the original cause of action, the Appellant cannot subsequently sue on the
settlement after obtaining judgment on the original cause of action.

116 An amendment that purports to do the above is undoubtedly embarrassing.
However, we are of view that, by reversing the order of the claims and
pleading the claims in the alternative, the Second Proposed Amendment has
cured the embarrassment. Hence, Order 18 Rule 19(1)(c) does not apply in the
present appeal.

Order 18 Rule 19(1)(d)

117 Besides holding that the amendment disclosed no reasonable cause of
action, the Judge also held that the application to make the Second Proposed
Amendment was an abuse of process because:

(a) after the First Proposed Amendment was rejected by the Court of Appeal,
the Appellant simply reversed the order of the claims and filed the Second
Proposed Amendment; and

(b) the Appellant has equivocated over the negotiations and the settlement
since May 2009, and has taken contradictory positions without regard to
consistency and credibility.

118 We respectfully disagree with the Judge on this aspect of his decision as
well, because the Appellant did not simply reverse the order of the claims,
but rather, as we have explained at [39]–[41] above, it is clear in the Second
Proposed Amendment that the two causes of action are being pleaded _in the
alternative_ , with the relevant facts in support of these causes of action
being pleaded separately.

119 Furthermore, taking inconsistent positions at different points during
negotiations as shown in the affidavit only affects the fact finding exercise
at trial, and is not, _per se_ , an abuse of the process of court.

120 In the circumstances, we are of view that the Second Proposed Amendment
does not constitute an abuse of the process of the court within the meaning of
Order 18 Rule 19 (1)(d).

Conclusion

121 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal.

122 With regard to the issue of costs, however, we note that, by framing his
respective causes of action in the way he did at the outset, the Appellant
was, in part, the author of the manner in which the present events unfolded,
culminating in the present appeal. That said, the present appeal was also due,
in part, to the Respondent’s misinterpretation of the Addendum issued by this
court in CA 93/2009.

123 In the circumstances, therefore, we order that the Respondent pay the
Appellant half of the Appellant’s costs of the present appeal. There will be
no order as to costs with regard to the proceedings before the Judge and the
AR. The usual consequential orders are to apply.

* * *

[note: 1]See Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol II, p 96.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , p 61.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , pp 115 to 123.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

