Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CDL Properties Ltd _v_ Chief Assessor and another  
[2011] SGHC 31

Case Number| :| OS No 511 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sunit Chhabra, Tang Siau Yan, Delphie Ann Gomez (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the Plaintiff/Appellant; Julia Mohamed (Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore) for the Defendants/Respondent  
Parties| :|  CDL Properties Ltd — Chief Assessor and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 29 of
2011 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 9 January 2012. See [2012]
SGCA 1.]

11 February 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 Two appeals from the Valuation Review Board (“the Board”) came before me.
The appellant, CDL Properties Ltd (“CDL” or “the Appellant”), is the owner of
the development known as Republic Plaza (“RP”). The appeals are over the
annual values and the effective dates on which property tax was charged. The
issues were raised before the Board in two sets of appeals, Valuation Review
Board Appeal Nos. 54–168 of 2008 (“Appeal Nos. 54–168”) and Valuation Review
Board Appeal Nos. 172–173 of 2008 (“Appeal Nos. 172–173”).

Appeal Nos. 54–168

2 These appeals relate to 115 units in RP. Between 6 June and 8 June 2007 the
Chief Assessor issued notices under s 20(1) of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254,
2005 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), proposing to increase the annual value for the units
from about $4.20 psf/mth to $11 psf/mth with effect from 1 January 2007.

Appeal Nos. 172–173

3 These appeals relate to two units in RP which were subdivided from one of
the 115 units in Appeal Nos. 54–168 on 16 June 2007. Following the
subdivision, the Chief Assessor issued notices under s 20(1) of the Act and
proposed to increase the annual value for these units to $11 psf/mth.

Appeals to the Board

4 CDL appealed to the Board against both proposals. In the appeals, CDL argued
that the annual value should be $7 psf/mth with effect from 1 January 2007 for
the 115 units and $9.80 psf/mth for the two units from 16 June 2007.

The Board’s decision

5 The appeals were heard by the Board on 14 April 2009. The Board allowed
Appeal Nos. 54–168 in part, and ordered the annual value for the 115 units be
set at $7 psf/mth as at 1 January 2007, and be raised to $11 psf/mth with
effect from the dates on which the Chief Assessor’s notices were issued (the
“Notice Dates”). The Board decided not to award costs for this set of appeals
as CDL had failed in its argument that the annual value for the whole of the
year 2007 should be fixed from 1 January 2007 at $7 psf/mth and had succeeded
into having the increased annual values deferred to the Notice Dates. The
Board explained that it did not award interest on the refund of the excess tax
paid on the 115 units because:

... the Appellants could have asked the Board to exercise its discretion to
award interest. As they did not do so, the Board was not able to hear
arguments from both sides on the issue and therefore, there was no order made
as to the award of interest.[note: 1]

The other set of appeals, Appeal Nos. 172–173 was dismissed with no order as
to costs.

The present appeal

6 CDL appealed against the Board’s decisions in the two sets of appeals on the
grounds that the Board had erred in:

(i) ordering that the annual values for the 115 units be amended to $11
psf/mth with effect from the Notice Dates;

(ii) dismissing CDL’s appeal that the annual value for the two units be set at
$9.80 psf/mth with effect from 16 June 2007;

(iii) not ordering interest to be paid on the refund of the property tax paid
for the 115 units; and

(iv) not ordering costs in favour of CDL in Appeal Nos. 54–168.

and in the appeal before me, CDL put forward a host of arguments which I have
taken the liberty to re-organise.

(i) The Board has no power to amend the annual values of the 115 with effect
from the Notice Dates

7 This submission was made in the context of the Appellant’s presentation of
the “General Scheme of the Act”. It argued that:

45\. ... [T]he Act generally envisages that property tax is paid annually in
advance based on the Valuation List prepared by the Chief Assessor for the
year. However, in some circumstances where there is a specified change in
respect of a property in the year, the Comptroller of Property Tax may collect
any property tax that is underpaid.

46\. In other words, it is implicit that the Valuation Lit for each year is
valid for the entire year and any general change in market rents (i.e. not a
specified change in respect of a specific property) over the course of the
year should be reflected in the Valuation List for the next year.

8 The Appellant relied on s 6(1) and (2)(a) of the Act[note: 2] that:

6(1) As from 1st January 1961, a property tax shall, subject to the provisions
of this Act, be payable at the rate or rates specified in this Act for each
year upon the annual value of all houses, buildings, lands and tenements
whatsoever included in the Valuation List and amended from time to time in
accordance with the provisions of this Act.

(2) The tax shall be payable by the owner of such property —

(a) in the case of tax payable under subsection (1), yearly in advance without
demand, in the month of January;

but s 6(2)(a) should be read with s 6(2)(b):

(b) without prejudice to paragraph (_a_), where the Comptroller has served a
notice for payment of the tax under this Act, within one month of the service
of that notice.

9 Giving the provision a proper construction, the Valuation List must refer to
a Valuation List in operation. When a Valuation List is amended, the Valuation
List is the amended Valuation List.

10 Reverting to the facts of the appeal, the Chief Assessor had amended the
Valuation List so that the annual value was to be fixed at $11 psf/mth with
effect from 1 January 2007. When the appeal against the amendments went before
the Board, the Board ruled that the annual value should be fixed at $7 psf/mth
up to the Notice Dates, and that the annual value was to be increased to $11
psf/mth with effect from the Notice Dates.

11 The Board derived its power to amend a Valuation List from s 33(1)(a) and
(b) of the Act which state that:

33\. – (1) The Board, after hearing an appeal, may –

(a) in the case of an appeal made under section 20A, dismiss the appeal or
direct that such amendments _as it thinks proper_ shall be made to the
Valuation List for the year in respect of which the appeal was made and for
the ensuing years; and

(b) in the case of an appeal made under section 22, confirm, vary or rescind
the proposal of the Comptroller.

[emphasis added]

12 There are no restrictions laid down on the amendments that the Board could
make to the Valuation List. The Board can amend the Valuation List “as it
thinks proper”, and if the Board decides on the facts before it that it thinks
proper that a proposed increment of the annual value should take effect from
the date of the Chief Assessor’s notice rather than the beginning of the year,
the Board has the power to amend the Valuation List accordingly.

13 Section 6(1) and (2) do not limit the breadth of s 33(1). Under s 6(2)(a)
the property tax for any year is payable in advance in January. CDL had paid
property tax for the 115 units in advance, based on the rate in the Valuation
List prevailing at the time of payment. While CDL had fulfilled its property
tax obligations when it made payment, that does not mean that the payment will
not be adjusted if the Valuation List is amended.

14 After the property tax on a property has been paid, the Chief Assessor or
the Board may decide that the annual value of the property has changed upwards
or downwards with effect from a specific date, and amend the Valuation List to
reflect the change. In the case of the 115 units the Board had a reason for
setting the commencement date for the $11 psf/mth annual value to the Notice
Dates. In its Grounds of Decisions, it explained:

22 Restricting the survey to rental evidence around the period 1 January 2007
to June 2007, the Board was of the view that there was sufficient evidence to
indicate that rentals had risen to $11 psf/mth by the end of the second
quarter of 2007 (i.e. around the date of the Notices):

22.1 Leases in Republic Plaza contracted between May and July 2007 ranged
between $10.50 psf/mth and $12.80 psf/mth. The lease at $12.80 psf/mth was a
2-year lease while the lease at $10.50 psf/mth was a 3-year lease. The rental
evidence for 2007 shows that rents for 2-year leases were on average higher
than rents for 3-year leases.

22.2 The table of Average Grade A Office (Gross) rentals for 2007 compiled by
the Respondents indicates that average rents for 2Q07 ranged between
$11.00-$14.50 psf/mth and for 4Q06 (a proxy for 1 January 2007) ranged between
$8.74 to $9.10 psf/mth.

...

24 On the other hand, the same materials that the Chief Assessor relied on to
show that rentals had risen to $11 psf/mth by 2Q07 also show that on 1 January
2007, net rentals were significantly lower than $11 psf/mth.

25\. The Board was therefore of the view that for VRB 54 to 168 of 2008, the
Annual Value should be set at $7 psf/mth with effect from 1 January 2007 and
$11 psf/mth with effect from the date of the Notice which would be in most
cases 8 June 2007. Therefore, the Board directed that the Valuation List be
amended accordingly.

15 Changes in the annual value are factual matters, which do not necessarily
take effect at the beginning of the year. If the annual value is found to have
increased, say with effect from the first day of July, there is no reason why
additional tax should not be paid for the second half of the year just because
the tax for the whole year computed on the original annual value has been paid
at the beginning of the year. For the same reason, if the annual value is
reduced with effect from 1 July, the excess tax paid at the beginning of the
year should be refunded to the taxpayer. Section 6(1) and (2) should not be
construed to mean that when property tax has become payable, the tax cannot be
adjusted even when the Valuation List is amended. Such a construction would
defeat the purpose of the amendment for the first year when there is no reason
for not giving immediate effect to the amendment.

(ii) The valuation adopted by the Board was wrong, and the Board should have
preferred the rental evidence from longer-term leases

16 The Board referred to the evidence on the rents and leases which were
presented before it, and had stated in its Grounds of Decision that:

22.1 Leases in Republic Plaza contracted between May and July 2007 ranged
between $10.50 psf/mth and $12.80 psf/mth. The lease at $12.80 psf/mth was a
2-year lease while the lease at $10.50 psf/mth was a 3-year lease. The rental
evidence for 2007 shows that rents for 2-year leases were on average higher
than rents for 3-year leases.

22.2 The table of Average Grade A Office (Gross) rentals for 2007 compiled by
the Respondents indicates that average rents for 2Q07 ranged between
$11.00-$14.50 psf/mth and for 4Q06 (a proxy for 1 January 2007) ranged between
$8.74 to $9.10 psf/mth.

17 The Appellant made an issue over this part of the Grounds of Decision and
argued that:

The VRB erred in law in not preferring the rental evidence from longer-term
leases of units in Republic Plaza.[note: 3]

18 The Appellant supported the argument by pointing out that the definition of
“annual value” in s 2 of the Act is the gross amount which “can reasonably be
expected from year to year”, and submitted that the phrase “from year to year”
implied “a continuous period of rental for an indefinite time and that is more
consistent with a longer-term lease”.[note: 4] The Appellant cited Lord Esther
MR in _R v South Straffordshire Waterworks Co_ (1885) 16 QBD 359 where he said
at 370:

A tenant from year to year is not a tenant for one, two, three or four years,
but he is to be considered as a tenant capable of enjoying the property for an
indefinite time, having a tenancy which it is expected will continue for more
than a year, but which is liable to be put to an end to by notice.

In the same vein, Lord Denning MR had stated that in determining rent from
year to year, the lease period to be used should be:

[T]he period not too short nor yet too long, simply from year to year.

_– R v Paddington Valuation Officer ex parte Peachy Property Corporation
Limited_ [1966] 1 QB 380, at 412.

19 In its Grounds of Decision, the Board had observed that rents under three-
year leases are generally lower than rents under shorter leases, and the
Appellant did not dispute the validity of the observation. But the Board did
not hold that short-term rents are to be given more weight than long-term
rents. It did not disregard the $10.50 rent for the three-year lease, and it
also took into consideration the $12.80 rent for a two-year lease as well as
the rents set out in the Table of Average Grade A Office Rentals for 2007
before it arrived at the rent of $11.

20 The Appellant had not shown that the Board had restricted itself to
shorter-term lease rents and had ignored longer-term lease rents, or had
preferred the former to the latter. It was not suggested that evidence on
rents set “simply from year to year” or “for an indefinite time” or for terms
beyond three-years had been placed before the Board. My understanding of
prevailing rental practice in Singapore is that it is unlikely that any of the
115 units or any comparable property are rented out “from year to year” or
“for an indefinite time”. The Appellant had read too much into the observation
that rents for two-year leases are generally higher rents for three-year
leases.

(iii) The Board had relied on inadmissible and unreliable evidence in setting
the annual value at $11 psf/m

21 The Appellant objected to the Board’s reference to the Table of Average
Grade A Office Rental for 2007 (“the Table”). The Appellant submitted that:

[T]he table of Average Grade A Office (Gross) rentals was compiled by the
Chief Assessor using extracts from various market reports of major property
consultancy firms. There is no further information on how these figures were
obtained and the properties from which these figures were complied. The
evidence is completely unreliable.

22 The Chief Assessor had referred to the Table in its submissions to the
Board and had noted that:

The average monthly gross rental for Grade A office in Raffles Place range
from $8.61 to $9.10 psf pm in the 1st quarter of 2007\. This rose to $16.56 to
$17.15 psf pm by the 4th quarter of 2007. The annual increase ranges from 82%
to 96.5%. See Appendix III for details extracted from the various market
reports of major property consultancy firms. They show a common consensus that
office rental has increased significantly in 2007.[note: 5]

23 The Appendix referred to was the Table, which reads[note: 6]:

Average Grade A Office (Gross) Rental for 2007

**Consultancy Firm** |  **4Q06 $psf pm** |  **1Q07 $psf pm** |  **2Q07 $psf pm** |  **3Q07 $psf pm** |  **4Q07 $psf pm** |  **4Q06 to 4Q07**  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
CB Richard Ellis (1) |  $8.73 |  $10.60 |  $12.40 |  $14.90 |  $17.15 |  96.5%  
Colliers International (2) |  $8.61 |  $10.63 |  $12.69 |  $15.00 |  $16.64 |  93.3%  
Knight Frank (3) |  $9.10 |  $10.90 |  $14.50 |  $15.60 |  $16.56 |  82%  
Savills (Office) (4) |  Nil |  $9.40 |  $11.00 |  $13.30 |  $14.10 |  NA  
  
  

Sources of publications:

1 CB Richard Ellis Market View Singapore

2 Colliers International (Singapore) – The Knowledge Report

3 Knight Frank Real Estate Highlights (Singapore)

4 Savills Research Singapore

The sources of the data in the Table were disclosed. A diligent valuer can
refer to the disclosed sources and verify the accuracy of the Table.

24 The Table was brought into the proceedings before the Board for the first
time in the Respondents’ Written Submissions dated 21 November 2008 after both
sides had presented its evidence and witnesses before the Board. It was not
part of the evidence of Yeo Peng Khoon, a valuer of the Property Tax Division
who gave evidence on behalf of the respondents before the Board. The Appellant
could have objected the introduction of the Table in the closing submissions.
It had the opportunity to do that when it filed its further submissions on 5
December 2008[note: 7], but it did not object to the Table or seek
clarification on it. It raised no questions over the admissibility or
reliability of the Table in its submissions, and even during the appeal before
me, it did nothing to substantiate the assertion that the Table was
unreliable.

(iv) The Board did not award interest to the Appellant

25 In its submissions the Appellant accused the Board of having _refused_ to
exercise its discretion to award interest.[note: 8] This was an unjustified
criticism against the Board which had explained its decision for not
exercising its discretion to award interests (see para 5 hereof). In the light
of the explanation, nothing more needs to be said, except that the complaint
reflected unfavourably on the Appellant and its solicitors.

(v) The Board did not award costs to the Appellant in Appeal Nos. 54 to 168

26 Costs, as the Appellant acknowledged, may be awarded at the discretion of
the Board. The Board had exercised its discretion, and in my view, exercised
it reasonably. While the Appellant would prefer a more favourable decision on
the issue, it had no basis for alleging that the Board had erred in the
exercise of its discretion.

Conclusion

27 The appeal is dismissed with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Grounds of Decision of the Board, para 27

[note: 2]Appellant’s Case para 40

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case para 89

[note: 4]Appellant’s Case para 90

[note: 5]Affidavit of Lee Lai Ging dated 12 October 2009 para 8

[note: 6]Affidavit of Lee Lai Ging dated 12 October 2009 page 221

[note: 7]Affidavit of Lee Lai Ging dated 12 October 2009 pages 222 – 230

[note: 8]Appellant’s Case para 36(d)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

