Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Ang Seng Thor  
[2011] SGHC 134

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 365 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  G Kannan, Edmund Lam and Ng Yiwen (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; Wendell Wong, Tay Eu-Yen and Choo Tse Yun (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Ang Seng Thor  
  
26 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor against the sentences imposed by
a District Judge (“the DJ”) on the respondent, Ang Seng Thor (“Ang”), in
respect of District Arrest Case (“DAC”) Nos 20434 and 20435 of 2010
(respectively, “DAC 20434” and “DAC 20435”). Ang pleaded guilty to those two
charges, both of which concerned offences of corruptly giving gratification to
agents contrary to s 6(_b_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993
Rev Ed) (“PCA”), which carries a maximum sentence of five years’ imprisonment
or a fine of $100,000 or both. Two other corruption charges under the same
section and two charges of giving false statements under s 57(1)(_k_) of the
Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed) were taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. The DJ sentenced Ang to a fine of $100,000 (the
maximum fine) for each charge, in default five months’ imprisonment per
charge. The total sentence imposed by the DJ for the two charges was therefore
a fine of $200,000, which Ang has paid in full. The DJ also noted that by
operation of law under s 154(1) read with s 154(4)(_a_) of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”), Ang would be disqualified from acting
as a director of a company or foreign company for five years from the date of
his conviction.

2 After hearing submissions by the Prosecution and Ang, I allowed the appeal
and varied the sentence to a term of six weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of
$25,000 per charge, with both imprisonment terms to run consecutively. The
total sentence was therefore 12 weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of $50,000. By
operation of law, Ang was also disqualified from acting as a director from the
date of conviction to the end of a period of five years from the date of his
release from prison (pursuant to s 154(1) read with s 154(4)(_b_) of the
Companies Act). Having given brief oral grounds at the hearing, I now set out
the detailed grounds of my decision.

Facts

Ang’s offences

3 At the time of the offences, Ang was the chief executive officer (“CEO”)
and, together with one Tok Kian You (“Tok”), joint managing director of AEM-
Evertech Holdings Ltd (“AEM”). Tok was also the executive chairman of AEM. AEM
was a company in the business of supplying equipment and precision tools to
semiconductor manufacturers and had been listed on the mainboard of the
Singapore Exchange since 19 December 2000.

4 Sometime in 2003, Ang was introduced to one Ho Sze Khee (“Ho”), an assistant
engineer employed by Seagate Technology International (“Seagate”), by one Ng
Soon Chai Ven (“Ven”), the AEM sales manager in charge of the Seagate account.
Ven informed Ang that Ho wanted kickbacks in exchange for Seagate ordering
goods from AEM, and told Ang that he could contact Ho directly about such an
arrangement.

5 Ang contacted Ho and acceded to Ho’s request for a 15% kickback payment for
each purchase order raised by Seagate to AEM. Ho had hinted that he would
refer Seagate’s business to other companies if he did not receive such
kickbacks. Ang admitted that he intended to corruptly pay these bribes to Ho,
an agent of Seagate, in exchange for Ho showing favour to AEM through his
influence over Seagate’s orders.

6 Sometime in March 2005, Ang met Ho at a car park near Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10,
Singapore. Ang handed Ho $97,158 in cash in recognition of purchase orders
received by AEM from Seagate with an aggregate sales value of $647,720. This
act of giving gratification to Ho was the subject of the charge (the “Seagate
Charge”) in DAC 20434 under s 6(_b_) of the PCA.

7 The two corruption charges taken into consideration similarly concerned Ang
giving Ho gratification of the sums of $24,650.10 on 19 October 2004 (DAC No
20432 of 2010) and $35,700 on 1 February 2005 (DAC No 20433 of 2010).

8 The other charge proceeded with concerned an earlier incident. In early
2003, AEM wanted to sell four inspection machines to Infineon Technologies
Malaysia Sdn Bhd, Malacca (“Infineon”). This sale was worth about $1m. Tok
learned that there were many competitors interested in supplying such machines
to Infineon. Tok and Ang therefore discussed the issue and agreed that they
would offer a bribe of $50,000 to one Tan Gek Chuan (“GC Tan”), a director of
Infineon, to secure the sale of four inspection machines by AEM to Infineon.

9 With the common intention to induce GC Tan, an agent of Infineon, to show
favour to AEM by influencing Infineon’s purchasing decision, Tok and Ang met
GC Tan at a hotel in Malacca, Malaysia. The three of them discussed the sale
of the inspection machines. At the end of their meeting, Tok handed GC Tan
$50,000 in cash, while Ang excused himself to avoid embarrassment to GC Tan.
GC Tan indicated that he would ensure that Infineon would order the four
inspection machines from AEM, which Infineon subsequently did. This act of
giving gratification to GC Tan was the subject of the charge (the “Infineon
Charge”) in DAC 20435 under s 6(_b_) read with s 37(1) of the PCA, read with s
34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed).

10 Under the proceeded charges, a total of $147,158 in bribes was given. If
the bribes in the charges taken into consideration were included, the total
would be $207,508.10.

Ang’s disclosures

11 Because of their relevance to Ang’s mitigation, I will set out the events
that followed Ang’s offences in some detail. On 26 October 2005, Ang wrote a
letter to the chairman of AEM’s board of directors which was copied to the
company’s non-executive directors. In this letter he referred to his earlier
notification of the board of certain “grave and troubling discoveries” that he
had made in relation to certain officers in AEM, which he proceeded to
elaborate. Among the issues that he highlighted was an unauthorised trip by
one, Kammy Choo and one, CM Wong, to Bangkok, Thailand. He believed this was
for the purpose of instructing the representative of a company referred to as
“Halotech” to engage in suspicious business practices on behalf of AEM – these
included creating retrospective documents concerning certain commissions which
were not to be discussed with anyone at AEM. In addition, Ang produced a table
highlighting various irregular invoices for payments to Halotech covering
commission payments to a number of companies (including Infineon and Seagate).
Significantly, Ang emphasised that the main approving authority for these
questionable payments was Tok. Ang also alleged in his letter that Tok had
made unauthorised purchases of a vehicle and real property using AEM’s funds
and that Tok had also made unauthorised reimbursement claims to AEM for
personal travel and entertainment. Ang ended his letter by encouraging AEM’s
board of directors to immediately investigate the matters he had raised.

12 On 14 November 2005, AEM sent a letter to Ang terminating his employment
and appointments in AEM and in the AEM Group of companies. Between November
2005 and 7 July 2006, Ang sent a number of follow-up letters to AEM’s board
inquiring as to what action the company would take in relation to Tok and
Kammy Choo based on Ang’s reports.

13 Between July and October 2006, AEM engaged the firm of Ernst & Young (“EY”)
to investigate the allegations made by Ang. Between 10 October 2006 and 20
November 2006, a number of letters were exchanged between Drew & Napier LLC
(solicitors for Ang), who were requesting a copy of EY’s report and associated
updates, and Allen & Gledhill LLP (solicitors for AEM), who maintained AEM’s
position that Ang was not entitled to view EY’s report.

14 In or around December 2006, Ang made a series of disclosures to ST
Microelectronics Group (“ST Micro”), a client of AEM. In correspondence up to
at least 26 May 2007, Ang provided ST Micro with information about its
employees who took bribes from AEM. Ang also named AEM officers and employees
who were involved in this scheme of bribery, including Tok.

15 ST Micro notified the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) of
the matters disclosed by Ang. CPIB proceeded to commence investigations into
the conduct of AEM and a number of its officers. Ang was among those placed
under investigation and was interviewed by CPIB on 8 May 2007. Ang cooperated
with CPIB’s investigations, volunteering (through his solicitors) evidence
relevant to acts of corruption carried out within AEM. Ang also offered
himself as a prosecution witness in proceedings arising from these
investigations.

Decision of the District Court

16 The DJ’s decision was set out in his written Grounds of Decision (see
_Public Prosecutor v Ang Seng Thor_ [2010] SGDC 454 (“the GD”)), which
included an Appendix restating his brief oral grounds (“the GD Appendix”). His
grounds are summarised in the following paragraphs.

17 The DJ interpreted the case of _Lim Teck Chye v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2
SLR(R) 525 (“ _Lim Teck Chye_ ”) at [67]–[68] as supporting two separate
sentencing benchmarks for corruption offences. For corruption involving public
servants and public bodies, the benchmark was a custodial sentence. For
private sector or commercial corruption, the benchmark was a fine unless the
corruption had an impact on the public (the “public service rationale”), in
which case a custodial sentence was appropriate (see [17] of the GD and [9] of
the GD Appendix).

18 The DJ distinguished the precedents cited by the Prosecution in favour of a
custodial sentence on the basis that such sentences were imposed on receivers
of bribes rather than givers of bribes. The DJ relied on the case of _Chua
Tiong Tiong v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 515 (“ _Chua Tiong Tiong_ ”)
at [21] to support this approach. The DJ considered that the size of Ang’s
bribe ought not to correlate directly to the punishment as he did not
personally benefit more from larger bribes (see [20] of the GD and [13]–[17]
of the GD Appendix).

19 The DJ regarded Ang’s culpability as low as he was not the initiator of the
bribe in the Seagate Charge and had been threatened with the loss of Seagate’s
business for AEM. In relation to the Infineon Charge, the DJ regarded Ang as
playing a “passive role”, not being the “pivotal figure in the transaction” as
compared to Tok, who played a more substantial role (see [10]–[11] of the GD
Appendix).

20 The DJ considered the size of the bribes, noting that normally the sums
involved would justify a custodial sentence as the maximum fine would be an
inadequate punishment. However, the DJ considered it unfair to impose a
custodial sentence here as (see [12]–[17] of the GD Appendix):

(a) Ang was a giver of bribes and not a receiver, and therefore did not gain
any additional benefit from the large size of the bribes;

(b) although the sums making up the bribes were fairly substantial, this was
due to the large size of the underlying transactions;

(c) the bribes were for AEM’s benefit and did not translate into direct
benefit for Ang, despite his position as CEO; and

(d) Ang would bear any punishment under these charges even though the money
for the bribes came from AEM, not him.

21 The DJ regarded Ang’s status as CEO and the fact that AEM was a listed
company as aggravating factors (see [18] of the GD Appendix). However, the DJ
considered that there were a number of mitigating factors in Ang’s favour,
including his cooperation with the authorities, agreement to be a prosecution
witness and an early plea of guilt (see [19] of the GD Appendix).

22 An important point in mitigation was the DJ’s finding that Ang was a
“whistleblower” whose voluntary disclosure of corrupt transactions in AEM had
made a vital contribution towards the discovery and punishment of the
corruption. The DJ found that Ang had done this out of a “commitment to do the
right thing”. This was treated as a crucial factor tipping the sentencing
decision in favour of a non-custodial punishment (see [22] of the GD and
[21]–[23] of the GD Appendix).

23 Taking all these factors into account, the DJ arrived at the final sentence
of the maximum fine of $100,000 for each charge, in default five months’
imprisonment per charge, to give a total sentence of $200,000 in fines, in
default ten months’ imprisonment. A five-year disqualification from acting as
a director was also imposed on Ang by operation of law under s 154(1) read
with s 154(4)(_a_) of the Companies Act.

The Public Prosecutor’s appeal against sentence

24 The Public Prosecutor appealed for a short custodial sentence to be imposed
on Ang in addition to the imposition of a fine and disqualification to act as
a director. The reasons given for the appeal were that the DJ had erred in:

(a) finding that Ang was a passive or non-pivotal actor in the offences;

(b) finding that Ang did not benefit from the offences;

(c) giving insufficient weight to the size of the bribes;

(d) giving excessive weight to Ang’s status as a “whistleblower”;

(e) finding that Ang’s culpability was reduced as he was a giver of bribes and
not a receiver;

(f) failing to find that the public service rationale had been engaged on the
facts; and

(g) not giving enough weight to the aim of general deterrence.

The Prosecution also made the general argument that the sentences imposed on
Ang were manifestly inadequate.

25 In response, Ang submitted that the DJ was justified in imposing a non-
custodial sentence because that correctly accorded a mitigating premium to
Ang’s acts of whistleblowing, and because the DJ had accurately calibrated the
aggravating and mitigating factors in arriving at his decision.

Reasons for allowing appeal

26 In _ADF v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 874 (“ _ADF_
”) at [17]–[18], I restated the well-known standard for appellate intervention
in sentencing decisions as follows:

17 In _PP v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500, this Court summarised the legal
principles relating to appellate review of sentences. The Court stated at [12]
that an appellate court will not ordinarily disturb the sentence imposed by
the trial court except where it is satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge erred with respect to the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) the trial judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate, as the
case may be.

18 In relation to the question of what is manifestly excessive or manifestly
inadequate, this Court accepted that the threshold would only be met if there
was a need for a substantial alteration to the sentence rather than an
insignificant correction to remedy the injustice.

27 In this case, I found that the DJ had erred in both his treatment of the
facts relevant to sentencing and his interpretation of the applicable
sentencing principles. I will address the latter first.

Relevance of the public-private distinction in corruption offences

28 The DJ held that there was a hard-edged distinction between public sector
corruption and private sector corruption which justified different sentencing
benchmarks or starting-points (at [17] of the GD):

What are the existing guidelines and judicial concerns governing this case? In
the case of _Lim Teck Chye v PP_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 525, the then Chief Justice
Yong Pung How used the term “public service rationale” to refer to the concern
in corruption cases where the integrity of public service and the
administration of justice would be jeopardized by the act of corruption
involved. The Chief Justice recognized the apparent dichotomy of corruption
cases occurring in the private sector or taking place in a ‘commercial’
context which usually are adequately punished with substantial fines, and
corruption cases involving public servants and public bodies which warrant
custodial sentences. He went on to distil the essence of this bifurcation and
how it is to be applied properly …

The DJ then quoted from _Lim Teck Chye_ at [67]–[68] (set out at [32] below)
before continuing (at [18] of the GD):

Guided by the analysis given in the case of [_Lim Teck Chye_], there is
clearly a discernible difference in the sentencing of cases involving private
commercial transactions and those where there is a public service rationale
involved. Based on the facts and circumstances of our case (these had been
highlighted in my oral grounds at paragraph 9 of [the GD Appendix), which
occurred in a commercial context, I came to the conclusion that the corrupt
actions of the accused did not have a negative bearing upon the public service
rationale.

The DJ stated at [9] of the GD Appendix that “[i]n the absence of a public
service rationale, the sentence leans towards a non-custodial punishment.”

29 It is first necessary to clarify what the phrase “public service rationale”
meant as it was used in _Lim Teck Chye_ , which will put the DJ’s reasoning in
the proper light. Yong Pung How CJ mentioned in _Lim Teck Chye_ at [66] that
the public service rationale was articulated in his judgment in _Chua Tiong
Tiong_. That case concerned the appeal against sentence of an infamous illegal
moneylender who had been convicted of corruptly giving gratification to a
police officer in exchange for assistance concerning his illegal moneylending
activities. In _Chua Tiong Tiong_ at [17], Yong CJ stated of:

I accepted the grave issue of public interest at stake in the present case.
Eradicating corruption in our society is of primary concern, and has been so
for many years. This concern becomes all the more urgent where public servants
are involved, whose very core duties are to ensure the smooth administration
and functioning of this country. Dependent as we are upon the confidence in
those running the administration, any loss of such confidence through
corruption becomes dangerous to its existence and inevitably leads to the
corrosion of those forces, in the present case the police force, which sustain
democratic institutions. I highlighted this in _Meeran bin Mydin v PP_ …,
approving the words of the trial judge in that case (at [18]):

… Acts of corruption must be effectively and decisively dealt with. Otherwise
the very foundation of our country will be seriously undermined. …

30 Simply put, the public service rationale as framed in _Chua Tiong Tiong_ is
a restatement of the common-sense proposition that corruption offences
involving public servants are especially harmful because they erode the
public’s confidence in the essential institutions of government. In the case
of _Public Prosecutor v Chew Suang Heng_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 127 (“ _Chew Suang
Heng_ ”) Yong CJ described the application of this proposition in the
sentencing context (at [9]–[11]):

9 … There is no doubt that attempting to bribe a law enforcement officer and
interfering in the proper course of police investigations is a serious
offence. Generally, corruption offences involving law enforcement officers or
other public servants attract harsher penalties and custodial sentences as
compared to similar offences committed in commercial dealings and in the
private sector.

10 For corruption offences under the PCA which involve government servants,
the norm is a custodial sentence and it is departed from where the facts are
exceptional. …

11 There is no doubt that an element of public interest exists in corruption
offences involving the bribery of a public servant and that the courts have
taken a stern view of such offences. In view of this public interest in
stamping out bribery and corruption in the country, especially in the public
service, a deterrent sentence for such offences is justified. The severity of
the sentence imposed, however, would depend on the facts of each individual
case.

31 In _Lim Teck Chye_ , the appellant relied on [9] of _Chew Suang Heng_ to
submit that “corruption offences that occur in a commercial context generally
attract non-custodial sentences” (see _Lim Teck Chye_ at [62]). The facts of
_Lim Teck Chye_ concerned the appellant’s participation in a conspiracy to pay
corrupt gratification to certain marine surveyors in exchange for false survey
reports. These reports stated that the appellant’s bunkering company had
supplied the correct quantity and quality of marine fuel to its customers,
when in fact it had not. Yong CJ rejected the appellant’s argument and stated
the general principles governing whether a corruption offence had crossed the
custody threshold at [65]:

The appellant had also cited _PP v Yeoh Hock Lam_ [2001] SGDC 212, unreported
judgment dated 9 July 2001. The district judge presiding in that case had
juxtaposed corruption in the public arena with that in the private sector (at
[22] and [24]):

…

Where the amount of gratification received is relatively low, and where it is
not in excess of $30,000, a substantial fine will _usually be adequate_
punishment. The offender will have to forfeit his ill-gotten gratification as
well. This is the established sentencing practice where the offenders are not
public officers and there is no taint on the integrity of the public service.
I did not see any justification to impose a different sentence on the accused.

[emphasis added]

It was clear that the district judge’s statements did not stand for the
proposition that corruption in a commercial context _cannot_ be punished with
imprisonment, although it _usually_ is adequate [to impose a substantial
fine]. Indeed, the PCA expressly provides for the imposition of imprisonment
sentences regardless of whether the offence was committed in the public arena.
**_Of course, whether a custodial sentence is warranted in a particular case
is determined upon a careful consideration of sentencing principles such as
the public interest and other policy considerations, as well as the gravity of
the offence including the particular facts and circumstances thereof_** : _PP
v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

This balancing approach was similar to that taken recently in _Zhao Zhipeng v
Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 879 (“ _Zhao Zhipeng_ ”), which was decided
in the context of football match-fixing corruption. At [32] of that case, Chan
Sek Keong CJ cited with approval, _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate
Courts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at p 814, which stated:

In deciding if the custody threshold has been breached, the main determinant
would be the mischief or likely consequence of the payment or acceptance of
the bribe (_eg_ did the corruption undermine the administration of justice,
_etc_).

32 After making the above statement, Yong CJ then proceeded to clarify the
application of the public service rationale in _Lim Teck Chye_ at [66]–[68]:

66 The distinction drawn by the appellant between corruption offences in the
context of the private sector and/or commercial dealings _vis-à-vis_
corruption offences involving government servants and officers of public
bodies was stiff and artificial. The general statement that I made in [_Chew
Suang Heng_] was based on the presumption that public servants and officers of
public bodies who commit a corruption offence in the course of their duties
would have breached the public service rationale articulated in [_Chua Tiong
Tiong_]. This presumption was adopted by the Legislature in s 8 of the PCA,
which provides:

Where in any proceedings against a person for an offence under section 5 or 6,
it is proved that any gratification has been paid or given to or received by a
person in the employment of the Government or any department thereof or of a
public body by or from a person or agent of a person who has or seeks to have
any dealing with the Government or any department thereof or any public body,
that gratification shall be deemed to have been paid or given and received
corruptly as an inducement or reward as hereinbefore mentioned unless the
contrary is proved.

67 It cannot, however, be said that only corruption offences committed by
public servants or officers of public bodies run afoul of the public service
rationale. Corruption offences committed in the private sector may do so as
well, although there is no similar presumption that they do. Private
corporations today provide many public service functions; the direct and
indirect impact that these private sector organisations have on the lives of
our citizens as well as the smooth running and administration of this country
can be palpable. An example where a private sector organisation can have a
direct impact on such matters is where it is awarded the tender for a
government contract for the provision of public services and/or utilities. The
impact of corruption offences on the public service rationale, as articulated
in [_Chua Tiong Tiong_], may therefore be similarly applied to include
instances where it is directly or indirectly infringed by private sector
organisations. Of course, there will be cases where corruption offences in the
private sector have little, if any, bearing on the public service rationale,
and these cases will naturally be treated more leniently. These considerations
make it untenable to draw a strict line between corruption offences committed
in the private sector and those committed in the public arena.

68 I was of the view that the corrupt actions of the appellant, although in
the context of the private sector, had a negative bearing upon the public
service rationale. As the district judge found, the appellant’s actions had
the potential to adversely affect public confidence in the independence of
marine surveyors and Singapore’s bunkering industry. His actions were
particularly reprehensible given that the appellant was a prominent member of
the bunkering industry. …

In these passages, Yong CJ drew an analogy with the presumption concerning
criminal liability in s 8 of the PCA to explain the sentencing approach taken
in _Chew Suang Heng_ for offences where the public service rationale was
relevant. _He also extended that rationale to cover certain private sector
offences_.

33 I would summarise the somewhat lengthy discussion at [29]–[32] above into
the following propositions:

(a) The public service rationale refers to the public interest in preventing a
loss of confidence in Singapore’s public administration (see _Chua Tiong
Tiong_ at [17]–[19]).

(b) Where there is a risk of this harm occurring, a custodial sentence is
normally justified (see _Chew Suang Heng_ at [9]–[11]).

(c) This sentencing principle is presumed to apply where the offender is a
government servant or an officer of a public body, but it may also apply to
private sector offenders where the subject-matter of the offence involves a
public contract or a public service. This includes private sector offences
that concern regulatory or oversight roles such as marine surveying (see _Lim
Teck Chye_ at [66]–[68]).

(d) Although triggering the public service rationale is one way in which a
private sector offender may be subject to a custodial sentence, it is not the
_only_ way: the custody threshold may be breached in other circumstances,
depending on the applicable policy considerations and the gravity of the
offence as measured by the mischief or likely consequence of the corruption
(see _Lim Teck Chye_ at [65] and _Zhao Zhipeng_ at [32]). In addition, factors
such as the size of the bribes, the number of people drawn into the web of
corruption and whether such conduct was endemic will all be relevant to the
consideration of whether a custodial sentence is justified.

At the end of the day, it must be borne in mind that the main sentencing
considerations in corruption cases are deterrence and punishment (see, to
similar effect, _Regina v Gordon Foxley_ (1995) 16 Cr App R (S) 879 at 885).
Indeed, the preservation of a corruption-free environment has always been a
cornerstone of governance in Singapore. It would not be wrong to say that in
Singapore deterrence is always a relevant sentencing consideration in
corruption cases.

34 I should briefly point out that although Yong CJ suggested in _Lim Teck
Chye_ at [68] that the public service rationale included cases occasioning a
loss of confidence in a strategic industry such as the bunkering and maritime
industry, subsequent cases such as _Wong Teck Long v Public Prosecutor_ [2005]
3 SLR(R) 488 (“ _Wong Teck Long_ ”) and _Zhao Zhipeng_ have clarified that
such facts form a separate aggravating factor justifying general deterrence
(see _Wong Teck Long_ at [36] in reference to the banking and finance
industry). This factor often but _not always_ justifies a custodial sentence
(see _Zhao Zhipeng_ at [30]–[34] in the context of professional football). To
bring this factor under the definition of the public service rationale strikes
me as making the latter too wide.

35 Proposition (d) at [33] above was especially relevant to the present
appeal. It should be clear at this stage that the DJ made the same error as
the appellant in _Lim Teck Chye_ , which was to draw a “stiff and artificial”
distinction between public and private sector corruption for the purposes of
sentencing (to use Yong CJ’s words in _Lim Teck Chye_ at [66]). The error lay
in treating the public service rationale as an exhaustive or even the primary
ground for imposing a custodial sentence on a private-sector corruption
offender. In fact, the correct approach should have been the familiar
balancing exercise described in _Lim Teck Chye_ at [65] (see [31] above), for
the following reasons.

36 At common law, the offence of bribery was limited to persons acting in an
_official_ capacity or performing _public_ functions (see David Lanham _et al_
, _Criminal Fraud_ (The Law Book Company Limited, 1987), at pp 202 to 204).
Although most jurisdictions have since statutorily extended the offence to
private sector bribery (while the United Kingdom itself has, in the Bribery
Act 2010 (c 23) (UK) (“Bribery Act 2010”), ceased to draw a distinction
between public and private sector bribery), the historical roots of the
offence may still be observed in legislative provisions such as s 8 of the PCA
which provide for a presumption of corruption in cases involving public
servants or bodies. However, the fact that, historically, there was a public-
private distinction in the _definition_ of the offence of bribery did not
translate into a similar distinction when it came to the _sentencing_ of the
offence.

37 For instance, the sentencing approach of the English courts in corruption
cases prior to the Bribery Act 2010 did not distinguish between public sector
and private sector corruption (see Colin Nicholls _et al_ , _Corruption and
Misuse of Public Office_ (Oxford University Press, 2006) at para 2.71).
Similarly, the Court of Appeal of Hong Kong in _R v Wong Tat-Sang & ors_
[1985] HKCA 196 declared forcefully (at [4]) that, for the purposes of
sentencing, it could not “ _for a moment accept the suggestion that bribery in
the private sector is in any way to be regarded as less culpable than bribery
in the public sector_ ” [emphasis added]; see also _HKSAR v Lau Yee Lai_
[1999] HKEC 351.

38 Further support for a consistent approach to sentencing in both private and
public sector corruption cases was to be found in the case of _Chua Kim Leng
Timothy v Public Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 513 (“ _Timothy Chua_ ”). This
appeal was heard and decided on the same day as _Lim Teck Chye_ by the same
judge, _viz_ , Yong CJ. The grounds of decision in both cases were later
released on the same day. Their subject matter was very similar: both cases
involved bunkering companies paying corrupt gratification to independent
surveyors in exchange for favourable survey reports which would be used to
disguise dishonest business practices. The appellant in _Timothy Chua_ , like
the one in _Lim Teck Chye_ , attempted to rely on _Chew Suang Heng_ to argue
that no custodial sentence should be imposed on him as his offences were
committed in a purely commercial context. Yong CJ, as he did in _Lim Teck
Chye_ , rejected the artificial distinction between the public and private
contexts underlying this argument and upheld a custodial sentence based
entirely on the high culpability of the appellant. In doing so he did not make
any reference to the public service rationale (see _Timothy Chua_ at
[23]–[27]).

39 To conclude this discussion, I would say that the public-private
distinction in corruption cases has sometimes been overstated. It should be
absolutely clear that there is no presumption in favour of a non-custodial
sentence for private sector corruption cases. While Yong CJ stated at [65] of
_Lim Teck Chye_ that such cases are “ _usually_ ” [emphasis in original]
adequately dealt with through substantial fines, that was an endorsement of
the District Court’s approach of _Public Prosecutor v Yeoh Hock Lam_ [2001]
SGDC 212 (“ _Yeoh Hock Lam_ ”) (at [24]) specifically for cases “[w]here the
amount of gratification received is relatively low”. It was certainly not
intended to be a general statement of principle. The DJ misinterpreted _Lim
Teck Chye_ in stating otherwise at [17] of the GD (see [28] above).

40 I take the view that there is a firm need for the courts to set the correct
moral tone for business. There are different, and sometimes overlapping,
theories as to what makes bribery morally wrong and therefore worthy of
criminalisation (see generally Stuart P Green, “What’s Wrong with Bribery”, in
_Defining Crimes, Essays on the Special Part of the Criminal Law_ (R A Duff
and Stuart P Green eds) (Oxford University Press, 2005) at p 143). P
Alldridge, “The Law Relating to Free Lunches” (2002) 23 Company Lawyer 264,
has suggested (at p 267) that the harm of private sector corruption lies in
the distortion of the operation of a legitimate market, preventing competition
in the market from functioning properly, to the detriment of the eventual
consumer, who will have to bear the cost of the bribe. The Law Commission of
England and Wales, _Reforming Bribery_ (Law Com No 313) (The Stationery
Office, 2008), took the view (reflected in the Bribery Act 2010) that the harm
of bribery was ultimately referable to the improper conduct of the recipient
of the bribe, in performing a function or activity in breach of the good
faith, impartiality or trustworthiness reasonably expected of him.

41 Both these perspectives are persuasive, and, in my opinion, there is
clearly a public interest in the private sector maintaining a reputation for
being corruption free, with business being conducted in a fair and transparent
manner so as to ensure that the public’s legitimate expectations of _bona
fides_ , commercial even-handedness and economic welfare are not prejudiced,
and the efficient operation of the market is not disrupted. These being key
factors in attracting and keeping both domestic and foreign investment in our
country, the health and stability of the wider economy would be harmed if a
culture of corruption was allowed to take root here (see Paolo Mauro,
“Corruption and Growth” (1995) 110 Quarterly Journal of Economics 681, and
Paolo Mauro, “The Persistence of Corruption and Slow Economic Growth”
(International Monetary Fund, IMF Working Paper, WP/02/213)).

42 With this in mind, I would say that where cases of private sector
corruption involve managers (especially senior managers) or concern corrupt
influence over large or otherwise important business transactions, this would
add greatly to the seriousness of the offence. Courts should then seriously
consider imposing custodial sentences to deter the establishment of a corrupt
business culture in Singapore. Aggravating factors that tend to trigger the
same deterrent reasoning include the fact that offences were systematic (as
with a company or even industry-wide scheme of corruption) or that they
occurred over a long period of time, as opposed to one-off incidents. There
may or may not be many such cases, and all the facts must be taken into
account, but there must be no suggestion that the courts are more indulgent
with private sector offenders in serious corruption cases merely because the
public service rationale is not directly relevant.

Relevance of the distinction between givers and receivers of bribes

43 The DJ drew what he perceived to be a clear distinction in punishment
between givers and receivers of bribes at [20] of the GD, which reads as
follows:

It has to be noted that the sentencing precedents cited by the Prosecution in
support of a custodial sentence (at paragraphs 18 to 23 of Prosecution's
Submissions on Sentence and in Annex K to the Prosecution's Bundle of
Authorities) for cases involving substantial sums of monies _were all for the
sentencing of receivers of bribes_. It suffices for us to bear in mind the
words of the former Chief Justice Yong Pung How in [_Chua Tiong Tiong_]:

“21 ...There are cases where a giver will not warrant a similar punishment as
that of the receiver, such as when a giver was under compulsion or some form
of pressure to give. ...”

[emphasis added]

44 Further explanation of the DJ’s reasoning was set out in the GD Appendix at
[13], where he stated that:

When we consider the significance of the size of a bribe in a corruption case,
there is a discernible difference to be noted for the giver and the receiver.
I know it takes two hands to clap and I am fully aware of the starting
position that the giver and receiver should be equally culpable. But that is
only the starting position. It is always important to examine the
circumstances of each case in order to get the right balance.

He then proceeded to propose that for _receivers_ of bribes, “the size of the
bribe received has a direct bearing on the punishment to be meted out” (at
[14] of the GD Appendix) as it represents the benefit received from the
offence and therefore their culpability. However, for _givers_ of bribes, at
least on these facts, the size of the bribe ought not to be “linked directly
to the punishment to be borne” (at [17] of the GD Appendix), for the reasons
summarised at [20] above.

45 Despite his professed awareness of the principle that givers of corrupt
gratification generally bear equal culpability to receivers (as stated by Yong
CJ in _Chua Tiong Tiong_ at [21]), the DJ seems to have unfortunately strayed
from this principle. To the extent that his view was based on a finding of
fact that Ang, as a giver of bribes, did not benefit directly from the
offences, I did not accept the DJ’s reasoning as correct, and my reasons are
set out at [53] below. It would suffice to state at this juncture that taken
to its logical conclusion, his reasoning seemed to imply a general rule that a
giver of a bribe is always less culpable than a receiver of the same bribe,
since the blameworthiness of the giver is not proportional to the size of the
bribe. This distinction would be, if nothing else, a direct contradiction of
the principle stated in _Chua Tiong Tiong_ , a decision which was binding on
the DJ. In addition, however, I considered that the distinction was wrong in
principle.

46 First of all, I should point out that the size of the bribes in a corrupt
gratification offence is not only linked to the _culpability_ of the offender.
Rather, it is also related to the _harm_ caused by the offence (see the
discussion of harm and culpability as basic sentencing factors in _Public
Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 at [46]–[50]). One
of the reasons for the prohibition on corruption is society’s expectation that
transactions and decisions, whether in the private or public sphere, are
carried out fairly and transparently (see [41] above). This expectation is
intrinsically linked with the public interest in such fair dealing. The higher
the amount of a bribe, the greater the corrupt influence exerted on the
receiver. This in turn presumptively leads to a greater subversion of the
public interest: larger bribes generally lead receivers into graver
transgressions. For this reason, the size of a bribe is assessed along with
the importance of the transaction sought to be influenced as an important
factor relating to the harm caused by a corruption offence. As an objective
harm-related factor, the size of the bribe is equally relevant to the
sentencing of givers and receivers of bribes, contrary to the DJ’s approach.

47 As for the relevance of the size of bribes to culpability, the DJ seemed to
have fallen into a basic misunderstanding of the giver’s interest in the
enterprise of corrupt gratification. In most cases, the size of the bribe
demanded or accepted reflects the greed of the receiver for monetary gain and
therefore his culpability (see _Zhao Zhipeng_ at [37]–[39], where a receiver
of bribes was found to be less culpable due to a lack of personal greed). In
addition, it usually and equally reflects the level of influence or advantage
the giver wishes to secure through the bribe. Larger bribes are almost always
given to obtain greater illegitimate advantages from the receiver, which
normally reflects more personal gain sought by the giver. Such a motivation
would ordinarily indicate a higher degree of culpability. Of course, the link
between the size of the bribes and culpability would have to be established on
the facts of each case.

48 The size of the bribe may be material to sentencing in another way. In
cases of corruption involving large sums of money, the offenders are often
persons of some means, to whom the threat of a monetary fine of up to $100,000
(as prescribed by s 6 of the PCA) would be a mere slap on the wrist that is
insufficiently punitive or deterrent to meet the relevant sentencing
considerations in corruption cases. As I said in _Public Prosecutor v Wang
Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1082 (at [29]):

It should be acknowledged that fines for the well heeled often fail to amount
to either sufficient or meaningful deterrence. … Sentencing judges should
painstakingly seek to ensure that the punishment adequately addresses the harm
caused by the offence in these circumstances.

49 Beyond erring in principle in this area, the DJ was also mistaken in
applying the applicable authorities. While it is true that the cases referred
to at [20] of the GD and cited by the Prosecution below all related to
custodial sentences imposed on receivers of bribes, the Prosecution’s
submissions also referred to _Lim Teck Chye_ , which concerned a giver of
bribes in the private sector who was given a custodial sentence. The DJ seemed
to have overlooked this significant aspect of _Lim Teck Chye_.

Factual basis for sentencing

Ang’s culpability

50 Having addressed the areas where the DJ’s sentencing approach were wrong in
principle, I turned to his findings on the relevant facts. The first set of
findings concerned Ang’s level of culpability in the offences. The DJ made two
findings relevant to culpability. The first of these was that the particular
roles played by Ang in the Seagate Charge and the Infineon Charge pointed to a
low level of culpability (see [9] above).

51 I did not agree with this finding. With respect to the Seagate Charge, one
ought to note that Ang was the only person from AEM involved in the decision
to give the bribe. He took the initiative to contact Ho to accede to the
latter’s request for kickbacks. While there may have been an element of
commercial pressure involved (which may partly explain the DJ’s reference to
[21] of _Chua Tiong Tiong_ , cited at [43] above), I did not think that this
pressure was sufficient to substantially reduce Ang’s culpability. After all,
it is part of the normal cut and thrust of business that clients or suppliers
often threaten to take their business elsewhere in order to extract favourable
concessions. The situation was not at all comparable with, for instance, that
in _Zhao Zhipeng_. There, mitigation was granted because the offending
football player, a foreigner, was found to have accepted bribes under the
“dominion” of his team manager, on whom he was largely or entirely dependent
for his livelihood in Singapore, and in circumstances where the offender was
far away from his support network of friends and family (see _Zhao Zhipeng_ at
[38]–[39]).

52 As for the Infineon Charge, while Tok might have played a major role in the
transaction, Ang admitted that the decision to give a bribe was jointly taken
between him and Tok, who were both joint managing directors of AEM. Both of
them travelled to Malacca to carry out the corrupt transaction. Ang fully
participated in the whole process of bribing short of physically handing the
money over to GC Tan. For these reasons, I found that for both charges, Ang’s
role disclosed a high degree of culpability.

53 The DJ’s second finding on culpability was that Ang’s culpability did not
have direct correlation to the size of the bribes indicated (see [20] above).
I did not accept his reasoning. As discussed above at [43]–[49], the DJ was
wrong in principle in finding that the culpability of givers of bribes does
not correspond with the size of the bribes. The DJ also made the related
finding that Ang did not benefit directly from the bribes, besides some
potential reputational gain on his part as CEO of AEM. This was not correct.
In the course of submissions, I was informed by counsel for Ang that Ang was
the owner of 10% of the shares of AEM at the material times. Under AEM’s
profit-sharing scheme, he was entitled to a maximum of 15% of a certain
percentage of AEM’s net profit before tax (ranging from 6% to 12%). He
personally stood to benefit monetarily from any illicit business advantage
gained by AEM through the bribes. All these considerations indicated a higher
degree of culpability than that assessed by the DJ.

54 Finally, the DJ stated that the “principle of proportionality” should
operate as between Ang and AEM considering that the money came from AEM for
AEM’s benefit. I could only infer that the DJ was making a comparison between
the relative blameworthiness of AEM and Ang, but if so, I did not quite see
the point of such a comparison. For one thing, AEM’s part in this affair, if
any, has not been determined and is therefore irrelevant for present purposes.
Moreover, any potential culpability on the part of AEM is separate from that
of Ang. Ang’s high degree of culpability was shown in his role in giving the
bribes (see [51]–[52] above); the source of the money was immaterial to that
issue.

Aggravating and mitigating factors

55 The DJ acknowledged that Ang’s position as CEO of AEM and the fact that AEM
was a listed company were aggravating factors. He also recognised several
mitigating factors, such as Ang’s cooperation with the authorities, his
agreement to be a prosecution witness and his early plea of guilt (see [21]
above). I saw no reason to disagree with these findings.

56 However, it was the DJ’s characterisation of Ang as a “whistleblower”
deserving a weighty discount in mitigation that caused me grave concern. The
DJ thought that Ang, motivated by altruism, had voluntarily disclosed
information that started a process of investigation into AEM’s affairs,
eventually leading to the uncovering of secret corruption within the company
(see [22] above).

57 The mitigating value in an offender surrendering himself to the authorities
even before investigations have caught up with him was recognised by Yong CJ
in _Public Prosecutor v Siew Boon Loong_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 611 at [15]–[18]. It
stands to reason that if there is mitigating value in proactively disclosing
one’s own crimes to the authorities, there must be even more in disclosing the
crimes of one’s accomplices at the same time. The public interest in such
disclosures, especially for crimes which are usually difficult to detect, is
obvious and needs no further elaboration.

58 It is true that our courts have not previously had the opportunity to
consider in detail what exact mitigating value should be given for
whistleblowing. However, I took the view that this was not a case that
required an explication of the applicable principles for such cases. The
reason for this was that I did not accept that Ang, factually speaking,
deserved the honorific distinction of being called a “whistleblower”. While I
do not propose to offer an exhaustive definition of the term here, some key
features distinguished Ang from the archetypical whistleblower.

59 First of all, Ang did not directly implicate himself in his initial October
2005 disclosures to AEM’s board of directors. Those disclosures focused mainly
on alleged wrongdoings by Tok and to a lesser extent Kammy Choo. He only
admitted personal wrongdoing directly when he was placed under investigation
by CPIB later in May 2007. Secondly, Ang did not at any point voluntarily
contact CPIB or any other appropriate authority. After his October 2005
disclosures, AEM began a slow process of internal investigation, the details
of which it persistently refused to release to Ang. This dragged on until
December 2006 with Ang taking no action to contact the authorities. At the end
of that period, Ang (when AEM failed to respond to his queries) did not choose
to contact any law enforcement agency but instead informed ST Micro, a client
of AEM.

60 The significance of these facts was that they did not paint the picture of
a genuinely remorseful offender motivated by a desire to come clean and
reverse the wrongdoings he had participated in. Rather, Ang seemed mainly
motivated by a personal vendetta against Tok which appeared to have arisen in
the context of boardroom intrigue at AEM. Any effect his disclosures would
have in exposing wrongdoing on his or anyone else’s part to appropriate
scrutiny struck me as incidental to his plan at best. If Ang’s real purpose
was to engage the due process of law regarding the illegal acts he would have
contacted the relevant authorities at an earlier stage.

61 For these reasons, I did not accord Ang any additional mitigation beyond
recognising his high degree of cooperation with CPIB _after_ he was placed
under investigation as well as his early plea of guilt.

Application of the precedents

62 Turning to the precedents relating to corruption in a private sector
commercial setting, I was conscious of Yong CJ’s statement in _Soong Hee Sin v
Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 475 (at [12]) that sentencing involves a
“hotchpotch” of varied factors and that the unique combinations of facts in
the precedents may therefore not permit straightforward application. However,
a broad pattern can be discerned from the existing precedents. Cases involving
a small number of charges and/or small amounts of gratification given or
received tended to be punished with fines. Examples include _Kwang Boon Keong
Peter v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 211 (gratification of $7,000 in
three charges), _Yeoh Hock Lam_ (gratification of $10,000 in one charge),
_Public Prosecutor v Subramaniam s/o Muneyandi_ [2003] SGDC 259 (gratification
of $50,000 in two charges) and _Public Prosecutor v Fong Kit Sum_ [2008] SGDC
58 (gratification of $34,869.21 in four charges, upheld on appeal in
Magistrate’s Appeal No 128 of 2007/02-03).

63 In contrast, sentences of imprisonment were imposed where (and this is a
non-exhaustive list) the amounts of gratification were higher or the offences
were committed over a long period of time (as in _Public Prosecutor v Chang
Kar Yang_ [2006] SGDC 85, notwithstanding the relatively low total
gratification of $18,000 in six charges). Custodial sentences have also been
imposed based on special policy considerations such as the public service
rationale (as in _Lim Teck Chye_ , where the total gratification was $6,300 in
six charges) or the protection of a certain industry from corruption (see [34]
above). In _Lim Teck Chye_ it was also made clear at [78] that combinations of
aggravating factors could also bring a case above the custody threshold.

64 The District Court in _Yeoh Hock Lam_ attempted (at [24]) to suggest a
specific amount of gratification (_viz_ , $30,000) below which the custody
threshold would generally not be breached. On my part, I do not think the
factual complexities of the sentencing process permit such a precise figure to
be provided. However, I agree that the amount of gratification is an important
factor in determining whether the sentence should be custodial or not as it
has a correlation with the harm caused by an offence (see [46] above) and the
potential need to deter the creation of a corrupt business culture at the
highest levels of commerce (see [42] above). On the facts of this case, I
found that the size of the bribes and the high position of Ang in AEM’s
hierarchy justified the imposition of a custodial sentence. For the reasons
discussed above, the DJ had erred both on the facts and the applicable legal
principles in finding that a non-custodial sentence was appropriate.

65 With this in mind, I compared the present case where the charges proceeded
with involved bribes totalling $147,158, with relatively recent precedents
involving similar amounts. One such case was _Wong Teck Long_ (see [34]
above), where the appellant was an assistant vice-president and manager of
private banking of a foreign bank who accepted corrupt gratification of about
RM300,000 (approximately S$150,000) in exchange for him facilitating the
granting of large credit facilities to certain individuals who did not have
the necessary net worth. In that case, Yong CJ found (at [33]–[36]) that the
high gratification sum, the substantial loss of RM72.5m caused to the bank as
a result of the corruption, the element of abuse of trust, and the public
interest in protecting the reputation of Singapore’s banking industry
justified a heavy deterrent sentence of 15 months’ imprisonment in addition to
a penalty of $150,000 under s 13(1) of the PCA.

66 It was plain that the court in _Wong Teck Long_ gave weight to a number of
disturbing factors that were not present in this case, such as a massive
financial loss caused to the bank employing the offender. In contrast, in this
case there is no evidence that the bribes, though of similar size, resulted in
similar tangible harm. The strategic importance of Singapore’s growing banking
and finance industry was also invoked (see _Wong Teck Long_ at [36]) to
justify additional general deterrence. Although Ang’s offences were very
serious, there was no evidence that such considerations were relevant in this
case. _Wong Teck Long_ was therefore distinguishable on its facts.

67 Another relevant precedent was _Public Prosecutor v Tang See Meng_ [2001]
SGDC 161, the facts and result of which were summarised in _Wong Teck Long_ at
[37] as follows:

In _PP v Tang See Meng_ [2001] SGDC 161 ("_Tang See Meng_ "), the accused,
while acting as his employer's contracts manager, corruptly received
gratification sums on five occasions totalling $140,000 for recommending an
award of a sub-contract. He was convicted of five charges under s 6(_a_) PCA
and sentenced to a total of six months’ imprisonment, and a penalty of
$140,000, in default, four months’ imprisonment, was imposed on him. The
accused's appeal against the sentence was dismissed in Magistrate's Appeal No
62 of 2001.

68 Another case involving a similar amount of gratification was _Wong Loke
Cheng v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 522 (“ _Wong Loke Cheng_ ”). This
case was summarised in _Wong Teck Long_ at [40] as follows:

I also considered the case of [_Wong Loke Cheng_]. In that case, the
appellant, who was the executive director of his employer company, was
convicted of nine charges under s 6(_a_) PCA for corruptly receiving a total
of US$90,377 (S$157,255.98) for recommending the charter of a vessel to his
employer. The appellant was sentenced to ten months' imprisonment, and a
penalty of S$157,255.98, in default, 18 months and six weeks' imprisonment,
was imposed on him. His appeal against conviction and sentence was dismissed.

69 Although the facts in _Tang See Meng_ and _Wong Loke Cheng_ seemed more
similar to the present case than those in _Wong Teck Long_ , certain
differences were nevertheless of great relevance. First, the offenders in
those cases did not occupy such senior positions in their respective companies
as Ang did in AEM, aggravating Ang’s culpability relative to those offenders.
Second, the offenders in those cases had claimed trial while Ang had pleaded
guilty at an early stage. Third, I found that Ang’s high degree of cooperation
with CPIB’s investigations, while not “whistleblowing”, deserved significant
recognition; this element was not present in _Tang See Meng_ or _Wong Loke
Cheng_. Considering all the facts, including the charges taken into
consideration, I found that a sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment for each of
Ang’s charges, running consecutively to give a total of 12 weeks’
imprisonment, would appropriately reflect the need for general deterrence of
such offences while accounting for the balance of mitigating and aggravating
factors.

70 There were three main reasons why I imposed consecutive, rather than
concurrent, sentences on Ang. First, although s 18 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) did not apply, since Ang was convicted of only two
offences, that did not mean that Ang had only _committed_ two offences: he had
been charged with two other counts of corruption, to be taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing (see [1] above). It would not, in
these circumstances, be an exaggeration to consider Ang a “persistent or
habitual offender” (see _ADF_ at [146]). Second (but related to the first), it
appeared that there was a habit, if not culture, of corrupt business practice
being implemented by the top leadership at AEM, and as CEO, Ang had to take
his fair share of responsibility for this. Finally, the charges which were
proceeded with (_ie_ , the Seagate Charge and the Infineon Charge) pertained
to distinct offences that were unrelated both in time and in fact (see [6] and
[9] above). As such, consecutive custodial sentences were required to give
effect to an appropriately punitive and deterrent sanction.

71 On the facts, I felt that the offences were also serious enough to justify
fines in addition to custodial sentences. However, I believed that the fines
imposed by the DJ were unjustifiably high. The DJ had imposed the maximum
fines available under the PCA for each charge. As I stated in _Angliss
Singapore Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 653 at [87], it is only
justified to impose a maximum sentence or near to it is if that particular
offence figures among the worst type of cases falling within that prohibition.
In relation to the sentence ordered by the DJ, I applied that principle to
find that the DJ’s sentence would only be justified if Ang’s offences were
among the worst type of corruption offences _that fell below the custody
threshold_. The DJ did not give any such justification for imposing the
maximum fines, nor could I find any. For this reason, I set aside the fines
imposed by the DJ and substituted fines of $25,000 for each of the charges
against Ang.

Conclusion

72 In the light of the reasons described above, I allowed the Public
Prosecutor’s appeal. I set aside the sentence of the DJ and substituted a
sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of $25,000 on each charge, each
sentence of imprisonment to run consecutively. This amounted to a total
sentence of 12 weeks’ imprisonment and a fine of $50,000. As Ang had already
paid a fine of $200,000 in accordance with his sentence below, I ordered that
the balance of $150,000 be refunded to him. By operation of law, Ang was also
disqualified from acting as a director from the date of conviction to the end
of a period of five years from the date of his release from prison pursuant to
s 154(1) read with s 154(4)(_b_) of the Companies Act.

73 I allowed Ang’s request that he be allowed to commence his sentence on 1
June 2011, and that he also be permitted to travel on business in the interim.
However, I increased his bail amount from $100,000 to $150,000 (the amount to
be refunded to him).

74 Finally, it remains for me to express my gratitude to all counsel involved
in this appeal for their helpful and comprehensive submissions.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

