Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Toh Yong Soon _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 57

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 466 of 2010 (ERP 60028 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Julian Tay Wei Loong and Cheryl Kam Li Anne (Lee & Lee)
for the appellant; Gillian Koh-Tan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Toh Yong Soon — Public Prosecutor  
  
15 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant employed a person known as Arivalagan s/o Muthusamy (“Ari”) as
a part-time driver for his company. Ari was subsequently found to be driving a
lorry when he did not have a driver’s licence. The appellant was himself
charged under s 35(3) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed), and s
3(1) of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189,
2000 Rev Ed). Section 35(3) created the offence of permitting a motor vehicle
to be driven by someone who did not have a valid driver’s licence. Section
3(1) created the offence of permitting a motor vehicle to be used when there
was no insurance policy in force. The appellant pleaded guilty to both charges
and was fined $500 and disqualified from driving all classes of motor vehicles
for 12 months in respect of the conviction under s 3(1). He was fined $800 in
respect of the s 35(3) conviction.

2 The appellant appealed only in respect of the disqualification. His counsel
submitted that given the circumstances, the court ought to have accepted that
there were special reasons not to impose the disqualification under s 3(1) of
the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189) —

**3.** — (1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, it shall not be lawful for
any person to use or to cause or permit any other person to use —

(a) a motor vehicle in Singapore; or

(b) a motor vehicle which is registered in Singapore in any territory
specified in the Schedule,

unless there is in force in relation to the use of the motor vehicle by that
person or that other person, as the case may be, such a policy of insurance or
such a security in respect of third-party risks as complies with the
requirements of this Act.

3 Counsel for the appellant submitted that in this case, the appellant who he
said had graduated from Nanyang Technological University with a degree in
Accountancy, was working in his father’s construction company. He had employed
Ari believing that Ari was one Kumar s/o Muthusamy (“Kumar”), who had a valid
driver’s licence. Counsel submitted that it might be right to disqualify the
driver (Ari) himself, and that it was not appropriate to disqualify an abettor
like the appellant who was not the person who was driving without a licence.

4 There are no prescribed rules, as to what constitutes a “special reason”
within the meaning of s 3(1). What is clear is that one might question the
appropriateness of disqualifying an offender from driving, when the offence he
had committed did not involve him driving personally. However, the law as
provided in s 3 of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act
(Cap 189) is clear and unambiguous. It applies not only to the person who
drives (like Ari) but also to the person who permits another to drive (like
the appellant). Hence, the punishment includes a disqualification for 12
months.

5 Whether or not the facts are admitted and whether or not the mitigation
amounted to a special reason is a question of fact. In this case, the trial
judge was not convinced that the appellant had done enough to show that he
should be spared the disqualification. Having reviewed the facts and counsel’s
submissions, I am of the view that the sentence below should not be disturbed.
Disqualification is a feature of the deterrent nature of the punishment for
this type of offence. Hence, the “special reason” must be one that ameliorates
the effect of the offence. An example is that of _PP v Chen Horng Yeh David_
[2007] SGDC 326 where the insurance company had expressly agreed to undertake
liability in the event of an accident. Furthermore, the facts to back up such
circumstances must be proved to the satisfaction of the court.

6 For these reasons, I am of the view that the appeal failed and was therefore
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

