Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Muhammad bin Kadar and another _v_ Public Prosecutor and another matter  
[2011] SGCA 44

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 8 of 2009 and Criminal Motion No 57 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Aedit Abdullah, Vanessa Yeo and Joel Chen (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the applicant in Criminal Motion No 57 of 2011;
Kanagavijayan Nadarajan (Kana & Co) and Rajan Supramaniam (Hilborne & Co) for
the first respondent in Criminal Motion No 57 of 2011; Thrumurgan s/o
Ramapiram (Thiru & Co) for the second respondent in Criminal Motion No 57 of
2011.  
Parties| :|  Muhammad bin Kadar and another — Public Prosecutor  
  
26 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Shortly after we delivered judgment in _Muhammad bin Kadar and another v
Public Prosecutor_ [2011] SGCA 32 (“ _Kadar_ ”), the Prosecution requested (by
way of a letter dated 8 July 2011) the temporary suspension, for six months,
of the operation of [99]–[121] of _Kadar_ (“the relevant passage”) which
concerned our findings on a common law criminal disclosure regime for unused
material in the hands of the Prosecution. The stated reason was to allow the
Attorney-General more time to study the full impact of _Kadar_ for the
purposes of advising the government whether to legislatively amend its effect
or to change the operating procedures of the Prosecution and police. We
directed that the Prosecution file and serve a Criminal Motion for us to
formally hear and decide on the issues raised in open court. Pursuant to this
direction, the Prosecution filed Criminal Motion No 57 of 2011 (CM 57/2011).
This motion contained two prayers: the first was for the court to clarify the
scope of the Prosecution’s duty to disclose unused material as set out at the
relevant passage of _Kadar_ in the manner set out in an affidavit filed with
the motion. The second was for the six-month suspension of the relevant
passage with effect from the date of our judgment in _Kadar_.

2 On 19 August 2011, we heard the Prosecution’s submissions in this matter and
those of counsel for Ismil bin Kadar (the second appellant in Criminal Appeal
No 8 of 2009 and the second respondent in CM 57/2011). Counsel for Muhammad
bin Kadar (the first appellant in Criminal Appeal No 8 of 2009 and the first
respondent in CM 57/2011) were present at the hearing but did not make
submissions. In the Prosecution’s submission, the relevant passage was capable
of two interpretations: the broader interpretation suggested that the
Prosecution’s duty of disclosure includes a duty to review _all material_
gathered by the police and law enforcement agencies in the course of
investigations and evaluate that material for the purposes of disclosure. The
narrower interpretation suggested that the Prosecution is only under a duty to
disclose material that the prosecutor is _actually aware of_ without the
additional duty to review all material gathered in investigations. The
Prosecution also indicated that it would not proceed with the second prayer if
the narrow interpretation was confirmed.

3 At the conclusion of the hearing we expressed our views on the issues raised
and informed counsel that we would elaborate on these in writing. We now issue
these supplemental grounds to explain our reasons for giving the
clarifications sought by the Prosecution as well as to restate the matters
clarified.

Inherent jurisdiction and power of this court to clarify its own previous
judgments

4 The Prosecution’s first prayer was for a clarification of a previous
judgment of this court. We therefore had to consider at the outset whether we
had the jurisdiction to hear such an application and make the requested
clarification, a question that this court had not answered before. Although no
directly relevant authorities could be found, all counsel accepted that the
Court of Appeal had an inherent jurisdiction and power to clarify its own
previous judgments.

5 A judgment, once given in criminal proceedings, cannot be _altered_ save as
provided for in s 301 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Act 15 of 2010) (“CPC
2010”). This section provides for the rectification of clerical errors at any
time and of other errors by the next working day after delivery of the
judgment. But it does not follow from this that the court is immediately
_functus officio_ after it has given its judgment. There remain a few
circumstances where a court may either revisit its prior decision or clarify
certain aspects of it. As the issue of clarification has not been provided for
in the CPC 2010, we believed that s 6 of the CPC 2010 applied permitting us to
adopt any procedure as the justice of the case may require that was not
inconsistent with the CPC 2010 or any other law. In relation to the concept of
_functus officio_ we fully agreed with the observations of the High Court in
_Godfrey Gerald QC v UBS AG and others_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 411 at [18]–[19]:

18 The Latin term _functus officio_ is an abbreviated reference to a facet of
the principle of finality in dispute resolution. _Functus officio_ means that
the office, authority or jurisdiction in question has served its purpose and
is spent. A final decision, once made, cannot be revisited. In dispute
resolution, this principle may manifest itself in the guise of _res judicata_
, _functus officio_ or issue estoppel. This principle of finality is intended
to embody fairness and certainty. It is not to be invoked merely as a sterile
and mechanical rule in matters where there are minor oversights, inchoateness
in expression and/or consequential matters that remain to be fleshed out.
Given that the court is always at liberty to attend to such axiomatic issues,
various judicial devices such as the “slip” rule and the implied “liberty to
apply” proviso are invoked from time to time to redress or clarify such
issues. **_In short, both the High Court and the Court of Appeal retain a
residual inherent jurisdiction even after an order is pronounced, to clarify
the terms of the order and/or to give consequential directions_**.

19 That such inherent jurisdiction exists, has never been doubted. In point of
fact, it is regularly invoked and exercised by the court: see O 92 r 4 of the
[Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed (“RSC”)] and the helpful and
incisive conspectus in Professor Jeffrey Pinsler's article “Inherent
Jurisdiction Re-Visited: An Expanding Doctrine” [2002] 14 SAcLJ 1 and the
commentary in _Singapore Court Practice 2003_ at paras 1/1/7 and 1/1/8.
**_This inherent jurisdiction is a virile and necessary one that a court is
invested with to dispense procedural justice as a means of achieving
substantive justice between parties in a matter. The power to correct or
clarify an order is inherent in every court_**. This power necessarily extends
to ensuring that the spirit of court orders are appropriately embodied and
correctly reflected to the letter. Indeed, to obviate any pettifogging
arguments apropos the existence of such inherent jurisdiction, the RSC was
amended in 1995 to include O 92 r 5, which expressly states:

Without prejudice to Rule 4, the Court may make or give such further orders or
directions incidental or consequential to any judgment or order as may be
necessary in any case.

By dint of this rule, the court has an unassailable broad discretion and
jurisdiction to give effect to the intent and purport of any relief and/or
remedy that may be necessary in a particular matter. Admittedly, while the
rule sets out in stark terms the court's wide inherent jurisdiction in this
area of procedural justice, **_I should add for completeness, that the power
to “make or give such further orders or directions incidental or consequential
to ...” does not_** prima facie** _extend to correcting substantive errors
and/or in effecting substantive amendments or variations to orders that have
been perfected_**. This is plainly not such a case.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

6 While these observations were made in the context of orders made by the High
Court in the exercise of its civil jurisdiction, we think the same position
applies to a court, including the Court of Appeal, stating the law in the
hearing of a criminal matter. This is because the inherent power of the court
flows from its inherent status regardless of the subject matter of the case
being heard. To decide otherwise would be to needlessly impose the fog of
ambiguity and the injustice of uncertainty on all within the legal system who
have to abide by a decision that may lack clarity. It is axiomatic that the
law must be made clear enough to allow all persons subject to it to order
their affairs with certainty. Nothing in the CPC 2010 alters this inherent
right of a court.

7 In settling on this view, we were conscious of the general dangers of
releasing more than one set of grounds of decision. These include the
possibilities of inconsistency, undermining of judicial credibility and _ex
post facto_ justification: see S Chandra Mohan, “Remarks, More Remarks and a
Grounds of Decision: One Judgment too Many? _T T Durai v Public Prosecutor_
Magistrate’s Appeal No 126 of 2007” (2009) 21 SAcLJ 591 at para 20.
Nevertheless, it also bears mention that ss 298(3), (4) and (5) of the CPC
2010 now permit a court to give supplemental reasons for its decision in
certain circumstances. This, however, is not to be taken as a statutory _carte
blanche_ for the courts to engage in piecemeal justification. For these
reasons, the Court of Appeal will generally only use its inherent jurisdiction
to issue a clarification of a statement of law in a previous judgment where
the following conditions are present:

(a) the judgment contains a patent ambiguity;

(b) the clarification of this ambiguity is necessary in the public interest to
ensure that the judgment can be correctly implemented in practice, and then
only to the extent necessary;

(c) the application for a clarification is made within a reasonable time; and

(d) the clarification sought is a genuine clarification and not an attempt to
re-open litigation, meaning that the clarification should not affect the
orders already made in the main judgment.

8 There is some interaction between requirements (a) and (b) in the sense that
some judgments require a greater degree of certainty to practically implement
than others. This is particularly so, in a case such as this, where a court
restates the legal position on an important area of law that will have
significant consequences for the administration of justice. Where this court
is convinced that in a particular case there is little or no room for
ambiguity, this will influence its decision as to whether requirement (a) has
been met. If the court is persuaded that the public interest necessitates that
a legal issue be made absolutely clear, this might be done even if there is
only an apparent ambiguity. It will be noted that requirement (c) is really a
corollary of requirement (b): if the application for a clarification is not
made within a reasonable time, this will be compelling evidence that the
clarification was not necessary for the practical implementation of the
judgment.

Our decision in CM 57/2011

9 In CM 57/2011, the Prosecution was primarily concerned to clarify whether a
prosecutor’s duty (which it accepted as both institutional and individual) to
evaluate unused material for disclosure in criminal cases extended to calling
for and scrutinising material pertaining to the case that he or she had not
already been made aware of (see [2] above). This was in the light of the large
amount of such material gathered by law enforcement agencies in the course of
criminal investigations. Not all of this material is always made available to
the Prosecution (because of its irrelevance to the charge(s) preferred or for
operational reasons). In addition, the Prosecution wished to clarify whether
the timeline for disclosure of unused material falling under ss 196 and 166 of
the CPC 2010 would be the timelines prescribed in those sections. Counsel for
the second respondent accepted that the judgment in _Kadar_ did not impose an
obligation on the Prosecution to search for material not in its possession but
asserted that the duty was not confined to only the prosecutor having carriage
of the trial.

10 On a strict application of the test above at [7], we did not see this as a
particularly compelling case in terms of requirement (a).We did not find the
Prosecution’s arguments on the purported ambiguity in the Prosecution’s duty
of disclosure as outlined in _Kadar_ particularly convincing. When queried
which particular paragraphs in the Judgment had given rise to such an
ambiguity the Prosecution responded that it was the broad thrust of the views
expressed therein rather than any particular passage. We were also doubtful
about the existence of an ambiguity necessitating the second clarification,
considering that this court does not have any power to depart from the express
requirements of written law such as that contained in ss 196 and 166 of the
CPC 2010.

11 However, the Prosecution also submitted that the continued viability of a
great deal of investigative and prosecutorial practice turned on a definitive
resolution of the doubts they had raised. Specifically, if prosecutors had a
duty to search through everything the investigators gathered in the course of
their work, this would necessitate very substantial changes in the conduct of
both investigations and prosecutions. The judgment in _Kadar_ , it appears
from the Prosecution’s submissions, had far-reaching consequences because it
mandated a sea change in the previously settled view of the Prosecution’s duty
of disclosure (which rested on the now rejected view of the High Court in
_Selvarajan James v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 946). The Prosecution
maintained that it was most anxious to ensure that it properly understood what
was henceforth expected of it by the courts in the conduct of criminal
proceedings. We found this particular concern more persuasive. Despite the
absence of a patent ambiguity, we recognised that any reasonable
misapprehension entertained about our views on the duty expressed in _Kadar_
might lead the relevant agencies to undertake a significant overhaul of their
practices even though it might not be immediately warranted. As such, we felt
that this was indeed an exceptional occasion that justified the clarification
requested even though the relevant passage contained (on the reading most
generous to the Prosecution) only an apparent ambiguity. We also found that
the other requirements stated above at [7] were met.

12 For context it would be helpful if we set out here a crucial part of what
we stated in _Kadar_ under the heading “Scope of the Prosecution’s duty of
disclosure under the common law of Singapore” at [113]:

**_In our view, it is not necessary, for present purposes, for us to attempt a
comprehensive statement of what the law of Singapore should be in this area.
There is still ample scope for the development of the fine details in
subsequent cases or by legislative intervention. It suffices for us to say
that we agree with the Prosecution that the duty of disclosure certainly does
not cover all unused material or even all evidence inconsistent with the
Prosecution’s case_**. However, the Prosecution must disclose to the Defence
material which takes the form of:

(a) any unused material that is likely to be admissible and that might
reasonably be regarded as credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of
the accused; and

(b) any unused material that is likely to be inadmissible, but would provide a
real (not fanciful) chance of pursuing a line of inquiry that leads to
material that is likely to be admissible and that might reasonably be regarded
as credible and relevant to the guilt or innocence of the accused.

This will not include material which is neutral or adverse to the accused – it
only includes material that tends to undermine the Prosecution’s case or
strengthen the Defence’s case. To ensure congruence with the statutory scheme
for disclosure this material should initially be disclosed no later than seven
days before the date fixed for the committal hearing for High Court trials or
two weeks from the CCDC for Subordinate Court trials (corresponding to the
timelines in ss 176(3)(_b_) and 161(2) of the CPC 2010 respectively). Where
under s 159 of the CPC 2010 the statutory criminal case disclosure procedures
do not apply, the common law disclosure described here should take place at
the latest before the trial begins. The obligation of disclosure (as the
Prosecution has correctly acknowledged in its further submissions) is a
continuing one and only ends when the case has been completely disposed of,
including any appeal. Throughout this period, the Prosecution is obliged to
continuously evaluate undisclosed material **_in its possession_** to see if
it ought to be the subject of further disclosure.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

13 The following is clear from the entirety of the above passage. First, there
was no attempt by this court in _Kadar_ to comprehensively state the law on
this issue. Second, “the duty of disclosure certainly does not cover all
unused material or even all evidence inconsistent with the Prosecution’s
case”. Third, our judgment in _Kadar_ does not frame any duty in relation to
the work of investigators and how they ought to interact with the Prosecution.
That issue did not arise on the facts before us. Fourth, we referred to the
duty imposed on the Prosecution as applying continuously to undisclosed
material “in its possession”, that is to say, within its knowledge.

14 We therefore clarified that the Prosecution’s duty of disclosure as stated
at [113] of _Kadar_ certainly does not require the Prosecution to search for
additional material. This view was also plainly indicated by the factual
context of _Kadar_ , where the statements that were disclosed late by the
Prosecution were actually unused material within the knowledge of the
Prosecution (as opposed to material outside their initial knowledge that they
had to search for). The Prosecution’s explanation for non-disclosure (which we
rejected) was based on the credibility of the statements (see _Kadar_ at
[198]). No suggestion had been made that the Prosecution did not know about
those statements at the relevant time. There was absolutely no issue for us to
consider as to whether the Prosecution had failed to ascertain the existence
of those statements. In addition, none of the authorities we referred to from
various common law jurisdictions suggested that the Prosecution’s common law
duty of disclosure extended to material outside of the Prosecution’s
knowledge. _Surely, the Prosecution cannot be expected to disclose what it
does not know of?_ Where such an issue has been addressed, it has been
addressed outside the scope of judge-made law: see for example the English
Crown Prosecution Service Disclosure Manual
<http://www.cps.gov.uk/legal/d_to_g/disclosure_manual/> (accessed on 25 August
2011) at ch 2, para 2.2 (describing the duty of the investigator to inform the
prosecutor as early as possible whether any material weakens the case against
the accused) and ch 3 (containing detailed roles and responsibilities for
investigators in relation to disclosure as set out in the relevant statutory
Code of Practice). We do not know of a power under Singapore law that empowers
a court to _compel_ investigative agencies (which are executive bodies) to
adopt a code of practice purely by way of judicial pronouncement.

15 We also clarified that where material falls within the scope of ss 196 or
166 of the CPC 2010, such material should be disclosed within the timelines
provided for in those sections, while all other disclosable material should be
provided in accordance with the timings set out in [113] of the judgment in
_Kadar_.

16 The Prosecution indicated that with such a clarification, it would no
longer be pursuing an application for a temporary suspension of the relevant
passage of _Kadar_. We therefore made no order in relation to the second
prayer in CM 57/2011, although we indicated to the Prosecution that we were
doubtful that such an order could have been made in any case given the
prevailing circumstances.

Other observations

17 Although our actual clarification was confined to the matters set out at
[14] and [16] above, we also took note of a further point mentioned in the
Prosecution’s submissions. The Prosecution submitted that the disclosure
obligation should be subject to public interest requirements for
confidentiality, such as statutes requiring non-disclosure of certain types of
information. These include s 23 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev
Ed) (“MDA”) and s 127 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“Evidence
Act”), both of which contain regimes for non-disclosure of information
relating to the commission of certain criminal offences. Also mentioned were
ss 125 and 126 of the Evidence Act: these restrict the giving of evidence as
to affairs of State and communications made in official confidence
respectively.

18 It is a trite proposition a court does not have the power to depart from or
vary the requirements of statute law. We therefore state, purely for the
avoidance of doubt, that our judgment in _Kadar_ does not affect the operation
of any ground for non-disclosure recognised by any law (_eg_ , the MDA or
Evidence Act). The procedure for such non-disclosure will be as contemplated
in the respective laws, and where the procedure requires it, the Prosecution
will have to make the necessary application to the court to show that the case
falls within the scope where non-disclosure applies.

19 Counsel for the second respondent was concerned that the duty of disclosure
should not be limited to the particular prosecutor conducting a criminal trial
(see [9] above). In the same paragraph, we noted that the Prosecution accepted
that its duty of disclosure was institutional as well as personal. However,
the Prosecution did express a concern that certain material might be possessed
by the Public Prosecutor’s office generally (_eg_ , material in the file
relating to a different prosecution) without it being known to any specific
prosecutor that such material was relevant and possibly disclosable in a
specific case. To quote counsel for the Prosecution[note: 1]:

[W]hat we are trying to say is that … whatever is in the [Investigation Paper]
that a prosecutor should know, so insofar as whatever information is in the
[Investigation Paper], in that sense, the prosecution as a whole should know
what’s in the [Investigation Paper]. Our concern was with situations where
there’s a need to connect the dots to other information beyond the prosecutor
and for example, other [Investigation Papers] in other cases or in the
investigation agencies or some other information within the government. We
were … concerned about that. Because as an institution, we are fairly large
now and we were concerned that there might be linkages that we were expected
to follow up on. That was our primary concern, your Honour. So, in that sense,
if the prosecution is equated with whoever touches the [Investigation Paper]
and is involved in that case, we---we, your Honour, would say that those
persons are all under an obligation.

20 For the sake of clarity, we observe that if a prosecutor cannot be expected
to disclose material that he _does not know of_ in a _known case_ (see [15]
above), he also cannot be expected to disclose material if he _does not know_
of a _case_ where it should be disclosed. However, if a prosecutor knows of
material _and_ knows of a case where it should be disclosed, he is under a
duty to arrange for the disclosure of that material even if he is not directly
assigned to conduct that case. This is included in the Prosecution’s
institutional duty of disclosure, which at its most basic level is a duty to
comply with the spirit of the Prosecution’s disclosure obligation rather than
the mere letter. We are heartened that the Prosecution seems willing to fulfil
this institutional duty.

21 We would emphasise that the primary purpose of the disclosure obligation
set out in _Kadar_ is not to embarrass or inconvenience the Prosecution: it is
to ensure a fair trial and that miscarriages of justice are avoided (see [86]
and [98] of _Kadar_). We would draw attention to [120] of _Kadar_ , where it
was emphasised that “not all non-disclosures will be attributable to fault on
the part of the Prosecution (or a lack of _bona fides_)”. We then elaborated
that such inadvertent non-disclosures might nevertheless lead to a conviction
being unsafe. With this in mind, we would like to see the Prosecution
proactively making continuous disclosure of material that was inadvertently
not disclosed at an earlier stage of proceedings without undue fear of
criticism. This would be in line with the spirit of the disclosure obligation.
If the Public Prosecutor deems it appropriate, measures could be taken to
minimise the risk of such inadvertent non-disclosure (_eg_ better sharing of
knowledge among prosecutors working on different cases involving related
matters or parties).

Conclusion

22 For the reasons stated we have clarified the scope of the Prosecution’s
duty of disclosure as stated in our judgment in _Kadar_ and made no order in
relation to the second prayer in CM 57/2011.

* * *

[note: 1]Transcript dated 19 August 2011, p 19, lines 10–26

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

