Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and others _v_ Ng Joo Soon
(alias Nga Ju Soon)  
[2011] SGCA 35

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 164 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Rajah Chelva Retnam SC and Chandra Mohan K Nair (Tan
Rajah & Cheah) for the appellants; Adrian Tan Gim Hai, Blossom Hing Shan Shan,
Ong Pei Ching and Nurul Aziah Hussin (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) and others — Ng Joo
Soon (alias Nga Ju Soon)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 1 SLR 1155.]

19 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in _Ng Joo Soon (alias Nga Ju Soon) v Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd and another
suit_ [2011] 1 SLR 1155 (“the Judgment”), where he gave judgment for Ng Joo
Soon alias Nga Ju Soon (“NJS”), the plaintiff in Suit No 59 of 2009 (“S
59/2009”) consolidated with Suit No 140 of 2009 (“S 140/2009”), against
Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd (“DHPL”), the sole defendant in S 59/2009 and the
first defendant in S 140/2009. _Vis-à-vis_ S 59/2009, the Judge’s decision
(“the Directorship Decision”) was that the purported removal of NJS as a
director of DHPL was invalid and void, and that (_inter alia_): (a) DHPL was
to rectify its records with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority
(“ACRA”) within five days of the court’s order to reflect that NJS remained a
director of DHPL; and (b) NJS was to be allowed to inspect the accounting and
other records of DHPL. _Vis-à-vis_ S 140/2009, the Judge’s decision (“the
Payment Decision”) was that DHPL was liable to NJS for breaching various
agreements to pay him certain monthly sums (“the Payment Agreements”), but NJS
was not entitled to the further reliefs sought against the second to the fifth
defendants in that suit (namely, Andrew Ng Iet Pew (“Andrew”), Anta Ng
(“Anta”), Ng Ju Aik alias Ng Ju Goh (“Ju Aik”) and Ng Ju Lak alias Ng Joo Tian
(“Joo Tian”), who will hereafter be referred to collectively as “the Other
Directors”) for inducing DHPL to breach its contractual obligations to NJS and
for conspiring with each other to cause DHPL to commit such breach. (The Other
Directors are all family members of NJS. They are, along with NJS, the sole
directors and shareholders of DHPL.)

2 Dissatisfied with the Judge’s decision in these two consolidated suits, DHPL
and the Other Directors (collectively, “the Appellants”) filed the present
appeal. At the hearing of the appeal, the Appellants’ counsel informed the
court that the Appellants were no longer pursuing the Payment Decision.
Accordingly, this judgment will deal with only the Directorship Decision.

Background facts

3 Despite coming from a humble background and receiving little formal
education, NJS founded a business which eventually grew to become a successful
conglomerate (“the Group”). Over the years, he invited several members of his
family (“the Ng Family”), including the Other Directors, to join him in the
business. DHPL is the holding company of the Group’s Singapore subsidiaries
and associated companies in Indonesia and China. (The Group also has a number
of associated companies in Malaysia (see [12]–[14] below).) Until 2002, NJS
was the managing director and chairman of DHPL, holding 52% of the shares in
the company. He was the leader and public face of DHPL, with the Other
Directors each holding less than 17% of the shares in the company.

4 When the Asian financial crisis struck in 1997, DHPL encountered financial
difficulties. NJS advanced a total of S$6.1m (using credit facilities which he
obtained from his banks) to DHPL to rescue it. That amount (“the S$6.1m
advance”) was the largest contribution from among all the directors of DHPL.

5 As at 14 January 2002, out of the S$6.1m advance, a sum of S$5,050,001.55
(“the Outstanding Loan”) remained due to NJS. In order to repay the
Outstanding Loan, DHPL entered into the Payment Agreements with NJS, under
which various monthly sums were to be paid to the latter, including:

(a) a monthly sum of S$25,000 (“the Monthly Interest Reimbursement”),
representing the interest incurred by NJS on the credit facilities which he
took out in order to extend the S$6.1m advance to DHPL;

(b) a monthly allowance of US$20,000 or S$35,000 (“the Monthly Life
Allowance”), which was based on the agreed exchange rate of US$1 to S$1.75;

(c) beginning in December 2007, a monthly instalment of S$13,750 for 24 months
(“the Deduction Repayment Instalment”), representing the balance of a sum of
S$429,998.45 (“the Mistaken Deduction”) which DHPL had wrongfully deducted and
omitted in calculating the quantum of the Outstanding Loan; and

(d) also beginning in December 2007, a monthly instalment of S$140,278 for 36
months (“the Loan Repayment Instalment”) in respect of repayment of the
Outstanding Loan.

The Monthly Interest Reimbursement and the Loan Repayment Instalment were to
be paid by DHPL until the Outstanding Loan had been fully repaid to NJS, while
the Deduction Repayment Instalment was to be paid until the Mistaken Deduction
had been fully accounted for. As for the Monthly Life Allowance, it was to be
paid to NJS for the rest of his life.

6 In the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis, DHPL was pressured by its
banks to enter into schemes of arrangement which would require a personal
guarantee from each of the Other Directors. As the Other Directors were not
prepared to provide personal guarantees on the basis of their then
shareholdings in DHPL, NJS was obliged and agreed to dilute his shareholding
in the company and effect generational management succession. The following
changes (among others) were reflected in a restructuring agreement dated 8
July 2002 between NJS and the Other Directors (“the 2002 Restructuring
Agreement”):

(a) NJS would give up his 52% majority shareholding in DHPL for a diluted
stake of 24%, with Andrew having a 25% shareholding and Ju Aik, Joo Tian and
Anta each having a 17% shareholding.

(b) Andrew was to manage DHPL and the Group, while NJS was to become the non-
executive chairman of DHPL.

7 In December 2002, schemes of arrangement acceptable to the Group’s creditors
were approved by the court. NJS was appointed as the non-executive chairman of
DHPL on 6 January 2003, and Andrew was appointed as its managing director and
chief executive officer on 3 February 2003.

8 On 11 March 2003, at a meeting between NJS and the Other Directors to
discuss the affairs of the Group, Andrew suggested drawing up a remuneration
and benefits scheme to regulate the pay and other benefits given to members of
the Ng Family who worked in the Group. This was recorded on pp 7–8 of the
minutes of that meeting (“the 11 March 2003 meeting”) as follows:[note: 1]

**4**. **Any Other Matters**

**_Remuneration and Benefits for Family Members_**

In order to set [up] a continuous remuneration and benefits system for the
[Ng] Family, AN [Andrew] proposed to the Members [_ie_ , NJS and the Other
Directors] the need to list down and match all working family members to the
rewards and benefits. [The] Members agreed and _GN [Anta] is_ [_sic_] _charged
to coordinate and to come out with some suggestion[s] for the Members to meet
and decide again on April 14, 2003_. [emphasis added]

These minutes of meeting were “[c]onfirmed, [a]ccepted & [a]cknowledged”[note:
2] by all the Other Directors as well as NJS.

9 On 17 March 2003, Anta sent an e-mail entitled “Benefits proposal for board
to consider” (“Anta’s 17 March 2003 e-mail”) to Andrew and two other employees
of DHPL (_viz_ , Edward Wong and Alison Chua). The relevant portions of that
e-mail are set out below:[note: 3]

As per last board meeting dated 11/3/03, the following is a draft benefits,
limits and guidelines proposal for member [_ie_ , NJS and the Other Directors]
to consider[.]

A) Ruling members, maximum no[.] 5 persons. Qualification minimum 10 years of
working experience, minimum 33 years old. _All members above 70 years old must
retire_.

…

B) Working member

Qualification. More than 45 years old, work within the [G]roup for more than
20 years, have served as board member for subsidiaries for more than 10 years
and hold position of vice[-]president and above.

…

C) Founding member

_Qualification. H[a]v[e] joined the [G]roup in [or] before 1980 and above 70
years old or work in the [G]roup for more than 30 years. They will be paid
Sin$2,000/month for life_.

Pls add your points. _We need an upper limits_ [_sic_]_, as we do not want to
make the same mistakes as Ming and Qing Dynasties, the benefits for royal
members bankrupted the countries as the number of offspring grows_.

_Alison, pls print for Mr Soon_ [_ie_ , NJS]_, [Ju] Aik and [Joo] Tian to
comments_ [_sic_].

[emphasis added]

10 Pursuant to the 11 March 2003 meeting and Anta’s 17 March 2003 e-mail, a
remuneration and benefits plan (“the Remuneration Plan”) was presented by Anta
on 27 May 2003 at a meeting between NJS and the Other Directors (the
Remuneration Plan is set out in full at [30]–[33] below). The notes of that
meeting (“the 27 May 2003 meeting”) recorded the presentation, discussion and
adoption of the Remuneration Plan as follows:[note: 4]

**6**. **Any Other Matters**

**_Ng Family Remuneration & Benefits Plan_**

AN [Andrew] presented and explained the [Remuneration Plan] to the Members
[_ie_ , NJS and the Other Directors].

As there was no objection, [the] Members unanimously adopted and signed on the
hard copy of the plan.

All [the] Members agreed to retrospect the effective date of the plan to 1st
May 2003, and to hold meeting [_sic_] should there be any changes to the
agreed plan in the future.

Immediately above NJS’s and the Other Directors’ signatures on the
Remuneration Plan were the following handwritten words:[note: 5]

¦ACCEPTED & APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF DHPL

¦PLAN WILL BE EFFECTIVE ON MAY 1ST, 2003

11 NJS turned 70 on 4 March 2008. However, as before, he attended a meeting of
the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Group on 7 April 2008, and the
notes of that meeting did not disclose any questions having been raised by any
Board member as to his entitlement to attend the meeting or his retirement
from either the Board of DHPL or that of any other company in the Group.
However, the meeting notes disclosed that there was a heated discussion over
NJS’s request for a 13th month payment, which led to NJS walking out of the
meeting.[note: 6]

12 The tension and acrimony between NJS and the Other Directors escalated to
such an extent that on 11 June 2008, NJS sent a letter to Thiam Joo (Malaysia)
Sdn Bhd (“TJ Malaysia”), one of the Group’s associated companies in Malaysia,
stating that he wished to exercise his right as a director of the company to
appoint a public accountant to inspect the accounting and other records of TJ
Malaysia. He explained that he had discovered in May 2008 that TJ Malaysia’s
funds had been misused. He said that Andrew had purported to purchase shares
in another company using those funds, while disguising the payment as being
made to a supplier. On the same day (_ie_ , 11 June 2008), NJS also sent a
letter to DHPL stating his intention to similarly exercise his right to
appoint a public accountant to inspect DHPL’s records. Further, NJS filed
police reports against Andrew in Malaysia, and against Andrew and Anta in
Indonesia.

13 On 19 June 2008, NJS received a letter from Dovechem Holdings (M) Sdn Bhd
(“Dovechem Malaysia”), the holding company of the Group’s associated companies
in Malaysia, signed by the Other Directors, notifying him of his removal as a
director of TJ Malaysia and another of the Group’s associated Malaysian
companies, Dovechem Terminals Sdn Bhd (“Dovechem Terminals”), with immediate
effect. The letter also stated that since NJS had been removed as a director
of TJ Malaysia, TJ Malaysia would not be responding to his letter of 11 June
2008 requesting for inspection of its records.

14 On 20 June 2008, NJS received a further letter from Dovechem Malaysia
informing him that he had been removed as a director of yet another of the
Group’s associated Malaysian companies, Imperial Steel Drum Manufacturers Sdn
Bhd (“Imperial Steel”), with immediate effect. Apparently in retort, NJS wrote
to the aforesaid Malaysian companies’ bankers demanding his release from the
personal guarantees which he had given in respect of the companies, an act
which allegedly caused several bankers to reduce their credit lines to the
companies.

15 On 24 June 2008, NJS instituted Originating Summons No 841 of 2008 (“OS
841/2008”) seeking an order that he be allowed to inspect DHPL’s accounting
and other records. OS 841/2008 was converted to a writ action (_ie_ , S
59/2009) by a court order made on 20 January 2009\. Subsequently, NJS
commenced S 140/2009 on 16 February 2009, claiming that DHPL had breached the
Payment Agreements, and that the Other Directors had induced and/or had
conspired with each other to induce DHPL to commit such breach. S 59/2009 and
S 140/2009 were consolidated by a court order made on 3 June 2009, and were
heard by the Judge, who granted to NJS substantially the reliefs which he had
prayed for (see [1] above).

16 In the meantime, no action was taken by DHPL to exclude NJS from its Board
until 14 July 2008, when the other members of its Board excluding NJS (_ie_ ,
the Other Directors) passed a Board resolution in writing to the following
effect:[note: 7]

**FILING WITH ACCOUNTING AND CORPORATE REGULATORY AUTHORITY (“ACRA”)**

That since Mr. Ng Joo Soon @ Nga Ju Soon, who is over the age of 70 years, has
automatically retired from [DHPL] on March 05, 2008 in accordance with the
[Remuneration Plan], Mr Anta Ng be and is hereby authorized to file the
appropriate returns with ACRA.

17 The following day (_viz_ , 15 July 2008), DHPL notified ACRA that NJS had
ceased to be a director of DHPL with effect from 5 March 2008.

18 On 4 August 2008, NJS wrote to ACRA disputing DHPL’s notification. As a
result, ACRA wrote to DHPL on 20 August 2008 requesting for the following
information:[note: 8]

(a) Were any meetings held and/or resolutions passed to effect the removal of
Ng Joo Soon @ Nga Ju Soon as a director of [DHPL]? If so, please forward us a
copy of [the] said minutes of the meeting and resolutions.

(b) Did Ng Joo Soon @ Nga Ju Soon give any consent to be removed as a director
of [DHPL]? If yes, please forward documentary proof showing that Ng Joo Soon @
Nga Ju Soon had consented to be removed as a director of [DHPL].

19 Also on 4 August 2008, NJS’s lawyers wrote to the Appellants’ lawyers on a
“without prejudice” basis proposing, pursuant to cl 4.1 of the 2002
Restructuring Agreement, the appointment of a new director in NJS’s place on
the Boards of various companies in the Group, including DHPL. Under this
proposal, NJS would immediately resign from his directorships in the companies
concerned and would deliver a letter to appoint a director of his choice for
each of the companies. Thereafter, the other shareholders of each of the
companies would in turn appoint directors of their choice to the companies’
Boards. The letter from NJS’s lawyers included a request for confirmation that
the new director appointed by NJS to DHPL’s Board could exercise his right to
inspect the financial records of DHPL. This proposal by NJS was rejected by
the Other Directors on the grounds that NJS’s intention was to inspect the
records of DHPL through the new director nominated by him.

20 As for ACRA’s queries, the Appellants’ lawyers responded to ACRA on 26
August 2008 as follows:[note: 9]

In reply to paragraph 3(a) of your said letter, please be informed that Ng Joo
Soon @ Nga Ju Soon (“Joo Soon”) was not removed as a director of [DHPL]. Based
on the [Remuneration Plan] signed by Joo Soon as well as all the other
directors of [DHPL], Joo Soon automatically retired as a director of [DHPL]
with effect from 5/3/2008 after attaining the age of 70 on 4/3/2008. Enclosed
herewith is a photocopy each of the [Remuneration Plan] and the directors’
resolution of [DHPL] dated 14/7/2008 [_ie_ , the Board resolution mentioned at
[16] above] for your easy reference. As Joo Soon automatically retired as a
director of [DHPL] with effect from 5/3/2008 pursuant to the [Remuneration
Plan], there was no necessity in law to hold any meeting or pass any
resolution to effect the automatic retirement of Joo Soon as a director of
[DHPL].

In reply to paragraph 3(b) of your said letter, we reiterate paragraph 3
hereof and state that by signing the [Remuneration Plan], Joo Soon ha[d]
already agreed and consented to automatically retire as a director of [DHPL]
with effect from 5/3/2008 after attaining the age of 70 on 4/3/2008.

The decision below

21 With respect to S 59/2009, the Judge’s decision (_ie_ , the Directorship
Decision mentioned at [1] above) was that NJS remained a director of DHPL even
after he turned 70, and was thus entitled to inspect DHPL’s records pursuant
to s 199 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Further,
ACRA’s records should be rectified to reflect NJS’s status as a director of
DHPL. The Judge made the Directorship Decision on the following bases:

(a) NJS had neither resigned from his office of director by notice in writing,
nor had he been removed from office by a shareholders’ resolution, which was
the proper mechanism for the removal of directors as set out in DHPL’s
memorandum and articles of association (“DHPL’s Articles”). There were also no
Board or shareholders’ resolutions or minutes of Board or shareholders’
meetings which showed that DHPL’s Articles had been amended to provide for
directors to automatically retire upon reaching the age of 70.

(b) None of the landmark contracts between the parties (_ie_ , the 2002
Restructuring Agreement and the Payment Agreements) provided that NJS was
obliged to retire as a director upon reaching the age of 70.

(c) The express language of the Remuneration Plan meant that NJS was to remain
as a Ruling Member and a member of both DHPL’s Board as well as the Group’s
Board until he reached the age of 70, following which he would automatically
be converted to a Founding Member and take on a non-executive role. There was
no retirement age for Founding Members.

(d) Although NJS had reached the age of 70 on 4 March 2008, no action was
taken by DHPL to notify ACRA of the purported cessation of his directorship
until 15 July 2008, and that was only after NJS had written to DHPL to request
for inspection of its records under s 199 of the Act.

(e) Even after turning 70, NJS continued to attend Board meetings of both DHPL
and the Group as before, and none of the Other Directors raised any questions
as to his continued attendance at or the capacity in which he attended those
meetings.

(f) Nothing in the express contents of the Remuneration Plan, as authenticated
and assented to by all the parties, provided that NJS was to retire as a non-
executive director of DHPL upon reaching the age of 70. Accordingly, NJS
remained a director of DHPL, and as a director, he had a statutory right to
inspect DHPL’s records under s 199 of the Act.

(g) There was no evidence that NJS’s request for inspection of DHPL’s records
was detrimental to DHPL’s interests or was made _mala fide_.

The arguments on appeal

The Appellants’ arguments

22 The Appellants’ submission before this court is that an objective and
straightforward reading of the Remuneration Plan shows that directors of
companies in the Group are to retire as directors upon attaining the age of
70.

23 According to the Appellants, the fact that the Remuneration Plan states
that Ruling Members may become Founding Members does not undermine the
aforesaid contention because a Founding Member is not a director. Instead, a
Founding Member is a special type of member who assumes a non-executive role,
_ie_ , he is a member who is not active in any of the companies in the Group,
whether as a director or as a Working Member. The Appellants submit that since
NJS has attained the age of 70, he has, under the Remuneration Plan, become a
Founding Member, and as a Founding Member, he can no longer be a director.

24 The Appellants further contend that NJS is bound by the Remuneration Plan
because he voluntarily and expressly consented to its terms, and there is no
proof of misrepresentation or fraud. Accordingly, there ought to be little
difficulty in applying the principle laid down in _In re Duomatic Ltd_ [1969]
2 Ch 365 (“the _Duomatic_ principle”), _viz_ , the principle that “where it
can be shown that all shareholders who have a right to attend and vote at a
general meeting of the company assent to some matter which a general meeting
of the company could carry into effect, that assent is as binding as a
resolution in general meeting would be” (at 373). Applying the _Duomatic_
principle, the Appellants submit that the unanimous assent of the signatories
to the Remuneration Plan (_ie_ , NJS and the Other Directors, who, as
mentioned at [1] above, are the sole directors and shareholders of DHPL) would
essentially be equivalent to the unanimous assent of all the shareholders of
DHPL, and such assent would be as binding as a resolution passed at a general
meeting of DHPL’s shareholders.

NJS’s arguments

25 In contrast, NJS’s position in this appeal (just as in the court below) is
that he remains a director of DHPL as his purported removal was not in
accordance with DHPL’s Articles.

26 With respect to the Remuneration Plan, NJS argues that its express words do
not provide that he was to retire as a director upon turning 70. Moreover, the
context and the factual matrix surrounding the Remuneration Plan support the
Judge’s interpretation that he (NJS) did not agree to automatically retire as
a director upon turning 70. Accordingly, the Judge did not err in finding that
the _Duomatic_ principle did not apply to the facts of the present case.

27 NJS submits that even if the Remuneration Plan did provide that he was to
retire as a director at the age of 70, he is not bound by that provision by
virtue of the doctrine of _non est factum_.

The issues before this court

28 There are two issues before this court, namely:

(a) whether NJS remains a director of DHPL; and

(b) whether NJS is entitled to inspect DHPL’s records.

We will deal with these issues in turn in the discussion which follows.

Whether NJS remains a director of DHPL

The Remuneration Plan

29 The central document upon which the issue of whether NJS remains a director
of DHPL turns is the Remuneration Plan. It is thus pivotal to have a proper
appreciation of that document and, in turn, determine its proper construction.
The Appellants’ position is that the Judge erred in fact and in law in his
interpretation of that document. They contend that:

(a) the Remuneration Plan provides for the automatic retirement of all
directors of companies in the Group at the age of 70;

(b) the terms of the Remuneration Plan are binding on NJS; and

(c) the said terms are automatically enforceable even in the absence of any
further “activation” steps.

The provisions of the Remuneration Plan

30 We will now set out the Remuneration Plan, which is a four-page document.
Page 1 is as follows:[note: 10]

|  **DEFINITIONS** |   
---|---|---  
Working Members  
|  Converted when nominated and qualify  
Ruling Members |  Other Members  
|  Converted when nominated and qualify  
|  Automatic [_sic_] converted if qualify  
Founding Members _Note: All members are limited to immediate family of the
first generation of the Ng Family only[.] Immediate family is defined as
brother, sister, son, daughter, and the registered wife. This Plan is also
applicable for the member who is currently servicing the … Group_. [emphasis
in original]  
  
  

31 Page 2 is as follows:[note: 11]

**DEFINITIONS**

|  **Level** |  **Min Age** |  **Join[ed] Dovechem (min)** |  **Board Experience (min)** |  **Retired** |  **Others**  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Working Members |  VP or Board/ Subsidiaries |  45 y/o |  20 yrs |  10 yrs |  60 |  Service can be extended subject to majority approval from the Ruling Members  
Ruling Members |  Board/ Group |  33 y/o |  10 yrs |  Not Necessary |  70 |  Must be 5 members at all time[s] Service cannot be extended To be appointed director of DHPL (subject to requirements of [the] Act)  
Founding Members |  **_Non-Executive_** |  70 y/o |  30 yrs or Before 1980 |  Not Applicable  
  
  

_Notes: – Any changes and modification of the above require full [B]oard
approval of the Ruling Members[.]_

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

32 Page 3 is as follows:[note: 12]

**REMUNERATION PLAN**

|  Monthly Salary |  Monthly Allowance |  Medical Insurance |  … 13th Month Salary |  Others  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Working Members |  S$6,000 or Payroll |  As per HR Policy |  Not Available  
Ruling Members |  S$11,000 |  S$1,000 |  Yes |  Yes plus Incentive Bonus (if any) |  Not applicable to Mr. Soon [_ie_ , NJS] (current Chairman) Future Chairman with additional S$5,000 mthly CEO as per Agreement  
Founding Members |  Life time monthly remuneration of S$2,000 |  Not applicable to Mr. Soon (S$35,000 mthly for life)  
  
  

_Notes_ :

_– Monthly Allowance includes mobile phones, car, travel[l]ing, etc[.]_

_– Any changes and modification of the above require full [B]oard approval of
the Ruling Members[.]_

[emphasis in original]

33 Page 4 is as follows:[note: 13]

**Members Listing**

**(as at April 2003)**

Working Members |  Ruling Members |  Founding Members  
---|---|---  
– Ng Gek Pah – Ng Aik Leng – Ng Ek Cheong |  – Ng Joo Soon – Ng Joo Tian – Ng Ju Aik – Andrew Ng – Anta Ng |  Ju – Ng ~~Joo~~ Chin Wei – Wong ~~Joo~~ Wai – Ng Yik Lai  
  
  

[deletions in original]

The Judge’s interpretation of the Remuneration Plan

34 In the Judgment, the Judge set out the way in which he construed the
Remuneration Plan as follows:

57 The … Remuneration Plan reveals several critical features. … _Critically,
the Remuneration Plan expressly states that for Founding Members, the
Retirement age is “Not Applicable” (see p 2). What this means_ , ex facie _,
is that NJS was to remain a Ruling Member and member of [DHPL’s] Board and
[the] Group until he reached the age of 70, following which, in accordance
with p 1 …, he would be automatically converted to a Founding Member and would
take on a non-executive role for which there was no retirement age. NJS would
have automatically qualified by virtue of his having joined the Group for 30
years or before 1980_. Whilst NJS is not here classified as a Founding Member
but rather as a Ruling Member, the retirement age of Ruling Members is set out
as 70[,] whereupon he is automatically converted to a Founding Member and
retains his personal life entitlements. All other Ruling Members are to retire
at 70 and do not become Founding Members unless they qualify as having worked
with the Group for 30 years or before 1980.

58 Notwithstanding the express language of the Remuneration Plan to the
contrary, [Joo] Tian explained his view that “Non-Executive” in the
Remuneration Plan means that they [_ie_ , Founding Members] are no longer
involved in any capacity (be it as director, employee or otherwise). He is of
this view because he notes that none of the members described as Founding
Members in the Remuneration Plan were currently directors of [DHPL]. _In
essence he is of the view that “Non-Executive” means no position, whether
executive or non-executive corporate position. However, his view is at
variance with what the Remuneration Plan sets out expressly. “Non-Executive”
as used in the Remuneration Plan has no meaning save in relation to employment
and remuneration arising out of executive or non-executive corporate
positions_.

[emphasis added]

35 The Appellants claim that the Judge’s approach was wrong as it is clear
from what is stated on p 2 of the Remuneration Plan that Ruling Members – _ie_
, directors – are to retire as directors at the age of 70 without exception
and there is no provision for extending a director’s service. In essence, the
point which the Appellants seek to make is that upon NJS attaining the age of
70 and being converted from a Ruling Member to a Founding Member, he ceased to
be a director of DHPL. The rationale of the Appellants’ argument is
that:[note: 14]

… Founding Members are merely a special category given to the relatives of the
Ng Family who never really took part in the management of [DHPL], and who
require some honorary role as a sign of respect for elders and a form of
‘pension’ for life under the [r]emuneration [s]cheme envisaged by the
[Remuneration] Plan. The [Remuneration] Plan however required all directors to
retire on attaining 70 years of age.

In this regard, the Appellants reiterate the point that all parties to the
Remuneration Plan had agreed that, moving forward, DHPL should be led by the
younger generations of the Ng Family. It would, the Appellants submit, be
inconsistent with that objective to have an arrangement whereby directors can
continue in office in perpetuity until they decide to quit on their own
volition as this will preclude the younger generations of the Ng Family from
filling up vacancies in DHPL’s Board.

Principles governing documentary construction

36 It is a settled principle of documentary construction that in construing a
document, it is permissible for the court to take into account the surrounding
circumstances and the factual matrix which constitute the background in which
the document was prepared and executed (see this court’s decision in _Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_
[2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 at [131]).

37 In _Straits Advisors Pte Ltd v Behringer Holdings (Pte) Ltd and another and
another application_ [2010] 1 SLR 760, this court emphasised the importance of
construing contractual terms in the light of the context in which those terms
were drafted (at [8]):

… [W]e must first emphasise that contractual terms must be construed in the
light of the _context_ in which they were drafted (see generally the decision
of this court in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior
Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029). Narrow and technical
constructions which are inconsistent with the whole scheme of a given contract
and the circumstances in which it was concluded must be eschewed. We would
also add that a contextual understanding is especially important in the
instant case, where the relevant agreements can, with respect, hardly be said
to be models of precise – let alone exemplary – draftsmanship. [emphasis in
original]

It is clear from the aforesaid authorities that in this case, the court is
entitled, in construing the Remuneration Plan, to examine the background
leading to it, including the rationale for the 2002 Restructuring Agreement.
This, the Judge did in the proceedings below.

Our interpretation of the Remuneration Plan

38 As we see it, there are a number of difficulties with the interpretation
which the Appellants seek to place on the Remuneration Plan. First, it is
plain that nowhere in the Remuneration Plan is it expressly provided that NJS
was to retire as a director of DHPL upon reaching the age of 70. The
Remuneration Plan also does not contain a provision stating that all directors
of DHPL (as well as all directors of the other companies in the Group) are to
retire as directors upon turning 70. The table on p 2 of the Remuneration Plan
appears to indicate that a Ruling Member (and at p 4, NJS is listed as a
Ruling Member since the Remuneration Plan was drawn up when he was still under
the age of 70) is to retire as a Ruling Member upon reaching the age of 70.
Such a Ruling Member can then become a Founding Member if he either: (a) has
worked in the Group for at least 30 years; or (b) started to work in the Group
before 1980. Significantly, as the Judge pointed out at [57] of the Judgment
(reproduced at [34] above), no retirement age is prescribed for a Founding
Member.

39 Our second difficulty with the Appellants’ interpretation of the
Remuneration Plan lies with the word “[n]on-[e]xecutive”[note: 15] in the
table on p 2 of the plan. This was touched on by the Judge at [58] of the
Judgment (likewise reproduced at [34] above). One of the common business
meanings of the word “executive”, as used in respect of an officer of a
company, is an officer who has an active day-to-day role in the management of
the company. The term “non-executive” would, accordingly, mean an officer who
has a relatively “back seat” role (so to speak) in the management of the
company. From this perspective, being a director of a company is not
tantamount to holding an executive position – in other words, a person may be
a director of a company even if his position in the company is said to be a
“non-executive” one. Thus, when NJS became a Founding Member upon turning 70,
the fact that his position in DHPL became “non-executive” in nature does not
entail that he therefore automatically ceased to be a director of the company.

40 Third, given the exceptional and unique role of NJS in DHPL and the Group
as a whole, the Appellants’ contention that pursuant to the Remuneration Plan,
NJS was automatically retired as a director upon turning 70 is, in our view,
not at all credible. NJS was undoubtedly the real founder of both DHPL and the
Group. Although he is not among the Founding Members listed on p 4 of the
Remuneration Plan, that is because (as we pointed out at [38] above) the
Remuneration Plan was drawn up at a time when NJS had yet to reach the age of
70 (the minimum age prescribed for Founding Members). There is no question
that NJS’s contributions to DHPL and the Group far surpass those of the three
persons listed on p 4 of the Remuneration Plan as Founding Members (namely, Ng
Ju Chin, Wong Wei Wai and Ng Yik Lai): the latter are, in the Appellants’
words, merely “elders”[note: 16] who “never really took part in the management
of [DHPL]”.[note: 17] The special position of NJS in DHPL and the Group is
also evidenced by the remuneration provisions on p 3 of the Remuneration Plan.
Under those provisions, Ruling Members are entitled to a monthly salary of
S$11,000 and a monthly allowance of S$1,000, whilst Founding Members are
entitled to a lifetime monthly payment of S$2,000. Those provisions are,
however, expressly stated to be “[n]ot applicable”[note: 18] to NJS, who is to
receive a monthly payment of S$35,000 for life instead. In view of the special
status accorded to NJS by the express terms of the Remuneration Plan, it flies
in the face of reason to construe that document as requiring NJS to
automatically retire as a director of DHPL and all the other companies in the
Group upon reaching the age of 70.

41 The fourth flaw in the Appellants’ interpretation of the Remuneration Plan
relates to a basic principle on the contruction of documents, namely: since
the Remuneration Plan was drawn up by the Appellants (specifically by Anta, so
it appears (see [8]–[9] above)), any reasonable doubt as to its scope or
meaning should, applying the _contra proferentem_ rule, be resolved in favour
of the other party, _ie_ , in favour of NJS (see _Chitty on Contracts_ (H G
Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) (“ _Chitty_ ”) at vol 1, paras
12-083–12-085). In this regard, there can be no doubt that the Remuneration
Plan lacks clarity in so far as the retirement of directors (_ie_ , whether
they are indeed obliged to retire as directors at the age of 70 as the
Appellants contend) is concerned.

42 Fifth, the Remuneration Plan is, to say the least, informal and cryptic.
Yet, if the Appellants’ contention is correct, this document has a serious
impact as it requires all directors of DHPL (and, indeed, all directors of the
other companies in the Group) – including its very founder, NJS – to retire as
directors on attaining the age of 70. There is, however, no requirement in
DHPL’s Articles that a director must retire at the age of 70. Instead, Art 71
of DHPL’s Articles provides (_vis-à-vis_ the removal of directors) that
“[DHPL] may by ordinary resolution remove any director before the expiration
of his period of office and may by … ordinary resolution appoint another
person in his stead”.[note: 19] If NJS and the Other Directors intended to
amend this Article by signing the Remuneration Plan at the 27 May 2003 meeting
(and for the purposes of this paragraph as well as [43] below, we will assume
that the Remuneration Plan does indeed require all directors of DHPL and the
other companies in the Group to retire as directors upon turning 70), that
proposed amendment was clearly ineffectual in law. This is because s 37(1) of
the Act states that “[s]ubject to [the] Act … and to any conditions in its
memorandum, a company may by _special resolution_ alter or add to its
articles” [emphasis added]. There is nothing in DHPL’s memorandum of
association which dispenses with the need for a special resolution where
amendment of DHPL’s Articles is concerned. Thus, since no special resolution
to amend Art 71 of DHPL’s Articles was passed either at the 27 May 2003
meeting or at any time thereafter, the Remuneration Plan cannot be read as
overriding that Article so as to require NJS to retire as a director upon
turning 70. We should add that the absence of a special resolution amending
Art 71 of DHPL’s Articles _cannot_ be “cured” (so to speak) by applying the
_Duomatic_ principle – _ie_ , it _cannot_ be said that although no special
resolution was passed to amend Art 71 of DHPL’s Articles, based on the
_Duomatic_ principle, that Article was nonetheless amended at the 27 May 2003
meeting when NJS and the Other Directors, who are the sole shareholders of
DHPL, unanimously assented to the Remuneration Plan. It bears emphasis that
the facts in the present case are far removed from those in _In re Duomatic
Ltd_ , where the irregularity to which the _Duomatic_ principle was applied
was relatively minor (the irregularity there concerned the payment of salaries
to the directors of a company, who were also its sole shareholders, without
the prior passing of the requisite resolution by the company in general
meeting). What the Appellants are attempting to do in the present case is to
rely on the _Duomatic_ principle to enforce an alleged agreement relating to
directors’ retirement which is contrary to the express provisions of DHPL’s
Articles.

43 In the light of the provisions of the Act and DHPL’s Articles, it is, to
our minds, an utter exaggeration to say that when NJS and the Other Directors
signed the Remuneration Plan on 27 May 2003 (assuming the plan does indeed
require all directors of companies in the Group to retire as directors upon
turning 70, as the Appellants contend), they intended it to constitute a
definitive agreement between them which was to be given effect forthwith
without further ado. The fact that the Remuneration Plan was expressed to have
retrospective effect from 1 May 2003 onwards does not necessarily entail that
no further steps were required to implement it, especially given that it has
the serious impact (based on the Appellants’ interpretation) of requiring all
directors of DHPL and the other companies in the Group – including the
founder, NJS – to retire as directors on attaining the age of 70 and,
furthermore, is inconsistent with the express provisions of DHPL’s Articles.
To construe the Remuneration Plan as having the definitive and immediate
effect contended for by the Appellants is unwarranted. In our view, this
extremely informal document was obviously presented merely for discussion
purposes at the 27 May 2003 meeting, even though it was signed by NJS and the
Other Directors at the meeting itself and was stated as operating
retrospectively from 1 May 2003 onwards. It constitutes, at most, an in-
principle agreement, with further steps required to implement it, including,
in particular, making the necessary amendments to DHPL’s Articles.

44 We would further add that the evidence shows that the Remuneration Plan was
originally intended to address the issue of remuneration only (see [8] above).
It appears that it was Anta who decided to include provisions on directors’
retirement in his proposed draft of the Remuneration Plan, and that none of
the Other Directors or NJS asked him to come up with such provisions. The only
evidence which shows that there might have been an intention on the part of
the Other Directors and NJS for Anta to also make provision for directors’
retirement in the Remuneration Plan is Anta’s 17 March 2003 e-mail, which
stated, _vis-à-vis_ Ruling Members, that “[a]ll members above 70 years old
must retire”.[note: 20] However, the problems with adopting this view of that
e-mail are twofold. First, the e-mail did not say that Ruling Members would
also have to retire as members (whether executive or non-executive) of DHPL’s
Board on reaching the age of 70. Second, there is no evidence that the e-mail
was circulated to the Other Directors and NJS and that all of them knew about
its contents (although we note from the last sentence of the e-mail that it
was to be printed out for NJS, Ju Aik and Joo Tian to comment on); there is
also no evidence of what each of them had in mind in asking Anta, at the 11
March 2003 meeting, to come up with “a continuous remuneration and benefits
scheme for the [Ng] Family”.[note: 21] Accordingly, Anta’s 17 March 2003
e-mail can only represent Anta’s subjective viewpoint or intention, and cannot
form part of the factual background relevant to the interpretation of the
Remuneration Plan. In any case, it is questionable whether Anta’s subjective
intention in coming up with the Remuneration Plan was indeed to also make
provision for directors’ retirement (in addition to making provision for the
remuneration of those members of the Ng Family who worked in the Group). It
would appear from the tenor of Anta’s 17 March 2003 e-mail, which referred to
how, during the Ming and the Qing dynasties in China, “the benefits for royal
members bankrupted the countr[y] as the number of offspring grows
[_sic_]”,[note: 22] that Anta’s concern at the material time was limited to
putting in place a standard regime for remunerating those members of the Ng
Family who worked in the Group so as to avoid the Group being similarly
“bankrupted”[note: 23] by unlimited payments to an increasing number of family
members.

45 The sixth flaw in the Appellants’ interpretation of the Remuneration Plan
is that, interestingly, the Other Directors, like NJS, took the position that
NJS could continue as a director of DHPL after he attained the age of 70. This
was highlighted by the Judge at [22] and [50] of the Judgment, where the
following circumstances were alluded to:

(a) NJS attended the Group’s Board meeting on 7 April 2008, and the notes of
that meeting did not disclose any questions having been raised as to his
attendance at that meeting or his retirement from either DHPL’s Board or the
Board of any other company in the Group (see also [11] above);

(b) NJS did not tender a written notice of resignation (which was required of
directors resigning from DHPL’s Board (see Art 74(e) of DHPL’s Articles)) when
he reached the age of 70, and this was not merely an oversight of a formality;
and

(c) DHPL’s Articles were not amended to insert a new provision that upon a
director reaching the age of 70, he would automatically be retired or his
directorship would automatically become vacant.

46 In this regard, it is equally pertinent that on 19 June 2008, well after
NJS turned 70, Dovechem Malaysia purported to terminate NJS’s directorships in
TJ Malaysia and Dovechem Terminals on the basis that (_inter alia_) NJS’s
request to inspect TJ Malaysia’s records “[would] be the beginning of internal
strife and infighting among members of the Ng Family”.[note: 24] Dovechem
Malaysia’s termination letter, which was signed by all the Other Directors,
made no reference to the fact that NJS had already automatically retired as a
director of TJ Malaysia and Dovechem Terminals upon turning 70 on 4 March 2008
(which would be the position based on the Appellants’ interpretation of the
Remuneration Plan). Indeed, if NJS had already automatically retired as a
director of those two Malaysian companies on 4 March 2008, there would have
been no need to terminate him as a director.

47 For all these reasons, we agree with the Judge that the Remuneration Plan
did not require NJS to retire as a director of DHPL (or as a director of any
other company in the Group) upon attaining the age of 70, nor did it mean that
NJS was automatically deemed to have retired as a director on reaching that
age. In other words, NJS is currently still a director of DHPL.

Whether NJS consented to retire from DHPL’s Board at the age of 70: The issue
of non est factum

48 Even if we were to hold that the Remuneration Plan does (as the Appellants
contend) require every Ruling Member, including NJS, to retire as a director
upon attaining the age of 70, a corollary question to consider would be
whether NJS signified that a concluded agreement to that effect came into
being when he signed the Remuneration Plan. In this regard, NJS has raised,
_inter alia_ , the plea of _non est factum_ , contending that he was misled by
Anta, who drew up the document, into thinking that what was set out therein
only related to the remuneration to be paid to the various categories of
family members who were involved in or working for the Group.

49 A party can plead _non est factum_ in respect of a deed executed or a
document signed by him where he “has been misled into executing a deed or
signing a document essentially different from that which he intended to
execute or sign” (see _Chitty_ at vol 1, para 5-101). If this plea is
successfully made out, “[t]he deed or writing is completely void in
whosesoever hands it may come” (see likewise _Chitty_ at vol 1, para 5-101).
In the present case, the notes of the 27 May 2003 meeting (see [10] above) do
not indicate that there was any mention or discussion at that meeting of the
retirement of directors or of the retirement of officers of DHPL and/or the
Group generally. It is not in dispute that NJS is illiterate as far as the
English language is concerned. He did not appear to be careless in signing the
Remuneration Plan as he trusted Anta. The Judge did not make any ruling on
NJS’s plea of _non est factum_ as it was not necessary for him to do so in
view of his ruling on the scope and effect of the Remuneration Plan. While we
can take a similar stance, we feel compelled to observe that there are
certainly grounds upon which NJS can raise the plea of _non est factum_. We
would therefore hold that NJS is not bound by the Remuneration Plan, at least
in so far as the question of mandatory retirement as a director upon reaching
the age of 70 is concerned.

Whether NJS is entitled to inspect DHPL’s records

50 We now turn to the second issue outlined at [28] above, _viz_ , whether NJS
is entitled to inspect the accounting and other records of DHPL. Here, s 199
of the Act is germane. It reads as follows:

(1) Every company and the directors and managers thereof shall cause to be
kept such accounting and other records as will sufficiently explain the
transactions and financial position of the company and enable true and fair
profit and loss accounts and balance-sheets and any documents required to be
attached thereto to be prepared from time to time, and shall cause those
records to be kept in such manner as to enable them to be conveniently and
properly audited.

…

(3) The records referred to in subsection (1) shall be kept at the registered
office of the company or at such other place as the directors think fit and
shall at all times be open to inspection by the directors.

…

(5) The Court may in any particular case order that the accounting and other
records of a company be open to inspection by a public accountant acting for a
director, but only upon an undertaking in writing given to the Court that
information acquired by the public accountant during his inspection shall not
be disclosed by him except to that director.

51 As held by this court in _Wuu Khek Chiang George v ECRC Land Pte Ltd_
[1999] 2 SLR(R) 352 (“ _Wuu Khek Chiang_ ”) at [25] and [33]  _vis-à-vis_ the
then equivalent of s 199 of the Act (namely, s 199 of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 1994 Rev Ed)), a director of a company has an absolute right under s 199
of the Act to inspect the accounting and other records of the company so long
as the right is exercised by him to enable him to discharge his duties as a
director. It is clear that a director does not need to furnish any particular
reason for his request for inspection (see _Wuu Khek Chiang_ at [27]).

52 Given our ruling that NJS remains a director of DHPL (see [47] above), he
is entitled to inspect DHPL’s records pursuant to s 199 of the Act unless the
Appellants are able to prove that his request for inspection lacks _bona
fides_. In this regard (see _Wuu Khek Chiang_ at [34]):

It is for those who oppose [a] director’s right to inspect to show “clear
proof” and to satisfy the court “affirmatively” that the grant of the right of
inspection would be for [a] purpose which would be detrimental to the
interests of the company. There must be a “real ground” that the right would
be abused and that substantial harm would be caused to the company thereby.

At the trial, the Judge noted (see [37] of the Judgment) that the Appellants
had failed to adduce any evidence to show that NJS’s request for inspection of
DHPL’s records was made _mala fide_ or that the request, if granted, would be
detrimental to DHPL’s interests.

53 Before this court, the Appellants argued that the following circumstances
showed that NJS’s request to inspect DHPL’s records was made _mala fide_ :

(a) The timing of NJS’s request to inspect DHPL’s records coincided with the
period when NJS was slowly being removed as a director of several of the
Group’s associated companies in Malaysia (namely, TJ Malaysia, Dovechem
Terminals and Imperial Steel). It also coincided with the time when he was
vigorously pursuing the issue of DHPL’s repaying him the amounts which he
claimed he was entitled to.

(b) The above factors, compounded with the hostile legal threats and
disruptive behaviour of NJS, “painted a picture of suspicion clouded with
reasonable beliefs of the ill intentions of NJS”.[note: 25]

(c) With the conclusion of the trial, it was clear that NJS wanted to see
DHPL’s records to ensure that personal payments due to him would be
forthcoming.

54 In our opinion, the Appellants’ allegations are without any merit. First,
it is clear that the purported removal of NJS as a director of the aforesaid
Malaysian companies occurred only after he requested to inspect TJ Malaysia’s
records. As mentioned earlier (see [12] above), on 11 June 2008, NJS wrote to
TJ Malaysia setting out his inspection request. It was in response to this
request that Dovechem Malaysia sent NJS letters on 19 June 2008 and 20 June
2008 removing him as a director of TJ Malaysia, Dovechem Terminals and
Imperial Steel (see [13]–[14] above).

55 As for the other two points relied on by the Appellants as “evidence” of
NJS’s _mala fides_ in requesting for inspection of DHPL’s records (see sub-
paras (b) and (c) of [53] above), they are, in our view, bare assertions which
are not supported by any shred of evidence.

56 In the circumstances, we find that the Judge did not err in allowing NJS
access to DHPL’s records.

Conclusion

57 In the result, we find that there are no merits in this appeal, which we
hereby dismiss with costs and the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle filed on 20 December
2010 (“SCB”) at pp 115–116.

[note: 2]See SCB at p 116.

[note: 3]See SCB at p 285.

[note: 4]See SCB at p 28.

[note: 5]See the Appellants’ Core Bundle dated 19 November 2010 (“ACB”) vol 2
at p 304.

[note: 6]See SCB at pp 252–253.

[note: 7]See ACB vol 2 at p 312.

[note: 8]See ACB vol 2 at p 315.

[note: 9]See ACB vol 2 at p 316.

[note: 10]See ACB vol 2 at p 305.

[note: 11]See ACB vol 2 at p 306.

[note: 12]See ACB vol 2 at p 307.

[note: 13]See ACB vol 2 at p 308.

[note: 14]See the Appellants’ Case dated 18 November 2010 (“the Appellants’
Case”) at para 24.

[note: 15]See ACB vol 2 at p 306.

[note: 16]See the Appellants’ Case at para 24.

[note: 17]_Ibid_.

[note: 18]See ACB vol 2 at p 307.

[note: 19]See ACB vol 2 at p 297.

[note: 20]See SCB at p 285.

[note: 21]See SCB at p 115.

[note: 22]See SCB at p 285.

[note: 23]_Ibid_.

[note: 24]See SCB at p 102.

[note: 25]See the Appellants’ Case at para 73.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

