Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Hwee Khim Rosalind _v_ Lee Sai Khim and others  
[2011] SGHC 64

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 935 of 2009/C  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Wong Soon Peng and Teo Shu Qin (Rajah & Tann LLP)
for the plaintiff; Lee Tau Chye (Lee Brothers) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lee Hwee Khim Rosalind — Lee Sai Khim and others  
  
25 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This case arises out of a dispute between two joint tenants of a property
known as Block 741 Yishun Avenue 5 #08–506 Singapore 760741 (“the Property”).

Ownership history of the Property

2.1 In 1984, the plaintiff, Lee Hwee Khim Rosalind and Cheng Liang Geck (“Mdm
Cheng”) purchased the Property, a Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) flat,
as joint tenants.

2.2 In 1991, Mdm Cheng passed away and the plaintiff became the sole
proprietor of the Property.

2.3 In 1995, Lee Siew Kim (“LSK”) was registered as a joint tenant of the
Property with the plaintiff. LSK’s interest was recorded as a gift from the
plaintiff.

2.4 In 2009, LSK executed a declaration to severe the joint tenancy.

Developments in the proceedings

3.1 In August 2009, the plaintiff filed these originating summons against LSK
to seek:

(1)

A declaration that the Plaintiff is the sole beneficial owner of the Property
and that the Defendant has no beneficial interest in relation thereto; and

(2)

That the land register be rectified to reflect that the Plaintiff is the sole
registered proprietor of the Property.

3.2 LSK passed away on 12 October 2009. An application was made in February
2010 for Lee Sai Khim, Lee Guan Kim and Tan Choon Nghee Melvin, the
administrators of the estate of LSK, to be substituted as defendants in place
of LSK.

3.3 In October 2009, the plaintiff applied to amend the originating summons.
Prayer 1 was retained and new Prayers 2 and 3 were inserted:

(2)

That the registration of the Application of Declaration by a Joint Tenant to
Sever a Joint Tenancy affirmed by the Defendant on 23 July 2009 and
subsequently registered by the Singapore Land Authority on 4 August 2009 be
set aside and/or rendered ineffective and that the land register be rectified
accordingly;

(3)

Further and/or in the alternative, that beneficial ownership of the Property
be determined by this Court and that the land register be rectified according
to such determination by the Court;

3.4 On 19 March 2010, the originating summons with the amended defendants and
prayers came before me and was dismissed. The plaintiff now appeals against my
decision.

The dispute

4 The plaintiff filed an affidavit on 7 September 2009 in support for her
case. In this affidavit, she deposed that she and Mdm Cheng, who was her
foster mother, had purchased the Property as joint tenants in 1985 at the
price of $46,400. At that time, she allowed LSK and her husband to move into
the Property. As LSK was also a foster daughter of Mdm Cheng, the plaintiff
allowed LSK and her husband to move in out of gratitude to Mdm Cheng and
“because of my love for the Defendant”. When Mdm Cheng died in 1991 she became
the sole proprietor of the Property.

5 In 1993, she acceded to LSK’s request to provide a home for her (LSK) in the
event that she (the plaintiff) passed away. She agreed to the request, but she
explained in her affidavit:

11.My intention had always been to let the Defendant live in the Property for
as long as she needed a roof over her head. However, the Property was the only
substantial asset in my name and my only place of refuge. It was the only
place that I could afford on my low monthly income of S$900.00. As such, I
would only allow the Defendant to own the Property after my death and not
otherwise. Afterall, I am single. I told the Defendant that she will only own
the Property after my death and not otherwise and she agreed.

12.It was on this basis that both the Defendant and I went to the HDB in
end-1993 to attend to the necessary procedures to give effect to this
understanding. The HDB personnel that spoke to us at the Yishun HDB Area
Office explained that for the Defendant to own the Property after I passed
away, a joint tenancy of the Property can be created by adding the Defendant’s
name. In the event that I passed on before her, the Property would belong to
her. The Defendant did not pay me for the inclusion of her name in the
duplicate certificate of title.

...

13.In or around June 2009, the Defendant was diagnosed with cancer. I felt
very sad for her and paid her several visits at the hospital. However, I was
totally caught by surprise when she asked me on or around 15 July 2009, during
one such visit, whether I was prepared to sell the Property and to give her
30% of the sale proceeds as she owed her sister more than S$20,000 and needed
to repay the debt. The Defendant told me that after discharge, she would no
longer stay at the Property as she planned to stay with her sister.
Accordingly, the Property could well be sold.

6 When LSK was discharged from hospital, LSK decided that she would no longer
stay in the Property and planned to stay with her sister. She wanted the
Property to be sold, but the plaintiff did not agree with the proposal. The
plaintiff explained:

15.I told the Defendant that I could not accede to her request as the Property
was my only place of refuge. If I sold the Property, I would not be able to
afford another comparable HDB flat since HDB flat prices have gone up
drastically since the 1980s. Furthermore, the understanding between us had
always been that the Property would be left for her only if I passed on before
her and not otherwise.

7 In July 2009, she received a letter from Lee Brothers, the solicitors for
LSK, enclosing LSK’s Declaration to Sever A Joint Tenancy in respect of the
Property.

8 She was disappointed with LSK over that. She deposed that:

18.It was clear that [LSK] wanted to forcibly wrest a half-share of the
Property from me via the Declaration. I just could not understand why the
Defendant wanted to do this to me in spite of my kindness to her all these
years and our understanding that she would only own the Property if I passed
on before her. Where can I go if I lost the Property now? I had no choice but
to seek legal redress.

and she instructed her solicitors, Rajah & Tann LLP to reply to Lee Brothers.
The reply dated 31 July 2009 stated:

1.We act for Mdm Lee Hwee Khim and refer to your letter dated 23 July 2009 to
our client.

2.We wish to state for the record that **your client does not have any
beneficial interest** in the Property. She is also well aware that **she had
never contributed to the purchase consideration** for the Property.

3.Please let us know by _Monday, 3 August 2009, 4 pm_ , if your client is
prepared to withdraw her false assertion that she will hold the Property as “
_a tenant in common with [our client] ... in the share proportionate to the
number of joint tenants_ ”, i.e. your client has a half-share in the Property.
If we do not hear from you positively by then, our client shall commence
proceedings in the Supreme Court against your client.

4.All our client’s rights are reserved, including those available under the
Oaths and Declarations Act in connection with your client’s aforesaid false
statement.

[Emphasis in bold added. Other emphasis in original]

9 This is an interesting and revealing letter because:

(a) the plaintiff was asserting that LSK had no beneficial interest in the
Property,

(b) the plaintiff was asserting that LSK had not contributed to the purchase
consideration, and

(c) there was no reference to the alleged understanding between the plaintiff
and LSK that the Property was to be left to LSK only if the plaintiff died
before her.

10 LSK filed an affidavit in reply on 15 September 2009 (a month before her
death) to oppose the plaintiff’s application. She disputed the plaintiff’s
claim that she did not contribute towards the purchase of the Property. LSK
explained that she was involved in the acquisition of the Property from the
start. She had intended to purchase a property, but her husband did not want
to make the commitment to purchase. She decided to purchase a property without
her husband’s knowledge and she approached Mdm Cheng, who was her father’s
first wife (LSK was the daughter of her father’s second wife) and the
plaintiff, who was Mdm Cheng’s adopted daughter, for their assistance.

11 In response to her request, the plaintiff and Mdm Cheng purchased the
Property in their names. When it was purchased LSK paid $20,000 for the
renovation of the Property and she and her husband moved in and occupied the
master bedroom. She also contributed about $100 a month towards the monthly
payments and utility bills of the Property, and bought most of the furniture
and fixtures.

12 After her husband died in 1989 and Mdm Cheng died in 1991, she requested
the plaintiff to transfer Mdm Cheng’s share of the Property to her and she
became a joint tenant on the Property with the plaintiff. For that to be done,
the existing mortgage on the Property had to be discharged and she paid
$13,288.61 out of her Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) account towards that. She
exhibited in her affidavit a statement from the CPF Board to substantiate
that.

13 LSK explained that her acquisition of her interest was recorded as a gift
because HDB has a policy to treat a transfer of a property that is made
between relatives and siblings and is not based on the open market value as a
gift.

14 In June 2009, she was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. She was
hospitalised and underwent surgery, but that was unsuccessful. As she needed
money for her medical expenses, she decided to sell her share of the Property.
When that was brought up to the plaintiff, the plaintiff offered to purchase
her half share for $35,000, which the plaintiff claimed was the amount she had
contributed. The offer was subsequently raised to $50,000, which was still
unacceptable to her. Faced with the impasse, she consulted lawyers, and
proceeded to severe the joint tenancy.

15 On 24 September 2009, the plaintiff filed a reply to LSK’s affidavit. The
plaintiff pointed out that LSK had not denied that there was an agreement that
LSK would only have a beneficial interest in the Property if the plaintiff
pre-deceased her. The plaintiff also alleged that:

6(2)the HDB personnel that attended to us at the HDB Area Office, at the time
we applied in 1993 for her name to be added to the title deed for the
Property, had explained that the joint tenancy created over the Property was
to (and would) give effect to the aforesaid agreement.

The plaintiff did not obtain confirmation from the HDB that the officer who
attended to the plaintiff and LSK had been informed of the alleged agreement
and had advised them that the creation of a joint tenancy would give effect to
the agreement.

16 Then, the plaintiff responded to the evidence of LSK’s payment out of her
CPF account. The plaintiff explained:

7.I saw the Defendant’s latest CPF summary statement exhibited in LSK’s
affidavit. I now recall that the Defendant did use some monies from her CPF
account to redeem the mortgage over the Property in 1993 at the time we made
the application for her name to be added as joint tenant in the Property.

8.When we attended at the HDB Area Office, the HDB personnel that attended to
us asked whether I wanted the mortgage over the Property be redeemed. He
advised that this would stop the interest to be paid on the HDB loan for the
Property from running. I agreed and the HDB personnel then prepared the
paperwork for the HDB loan to be repaid. I remember I used up almost all of my
CPF monies. I only remembered that the Defendant also used her CPF funds for
the repayment of the HDB loan after sighting LSK’s affidavit.

17 In her reply, the plaintiff also denied that LSK had discussed with her
LSK’s intention to acquire a flat. She also denied that LSK had contributed
$100 towards the monthly repayments for the Property. However, she agreed that
LSK paid for the renovations to the property, _albeit_ that the amount
involved was not more than $5000. She also denied that she had offered LSK
$50,000 for her share of the Property. The plaintiff did not dispute LSK’s
assertion that LSK’s interest as a joint tenant did not come from a gift.

Evaluation of the evidence

18 It is unfortunate that there was no cross-examination of the plaintiff or
LSK, as so much depended on the acceptance of their respective accounts. There
was nevertheless a sufficient basis for me to make an assessment of their
credibility.

The plaintiff’s credibility

19 There are clear questions over her veracity. When she received LSK’s
severance declaration, that must have been a serious matter to her because it
affected her home. As can be expected, she objected to the severance. She
engaged lawyers and instructed them to write to LSK’s lawyers. It would be
reasonable to infer that she would have informed her solicitors about the
circumstances in which the joint tenancy was created and of the agreement that
the Property was to pass to LSK only if the plaintiff died before her. It
would also be reasonable to infer that the solicitors would ask the plaintiff
to recount in full the circumstances in which LSK became a joint tenant and
how the payments for the Property were made.

20 There were two assertions in the letter of 31 July 2009, first, that LSK
had no beneficial interest in the property, and second, that LSK had never
contributed to the purchase price. I sought clarification from the plaintiff’s
counsel on the first assertion, but did not have the benefit of any
explanation. How can it be said that a registered joint tenant of a HDB
property has no beneficial interest? Had the plaintiff deceived the HDB and
LSK when she made the transfer? If LSK had no beneficial interest, who had
beneficial interest in the Property besides the plaintiff? Even by the
plaintiff’s own case as stated in her affidavit, LSK had a beneficial interest
in the Property. The plaintiff had only claimed that there was an agreement
that LSK would only get the whole property when the plaintiff dies. That only
meant that LSK had agreed not to severe the joint tenancy, not that she has no
beneficial interest. As the alleged agreement was the only ground put forward
against the severance, one would expect that to be raised with due emphasis in
her solicitors’ letter, but there was not a word of it.

21 Another aspect of the letter was equally troubling. The plaintiff had
flatly asserted that LSK had not contributed to the purchase of the Property
but when LSK produced proof that she had paid $13,288.61 towards the purchase
of the property, the plaintiff altered her position and conceded that LSK made
that payment. $13,288.61 is a significant sum in the context of a property
that was purchased for $46,400. LSK had stated in her affidavit that she and
the plaintiff were required to discharge and redeem the existing mortgage on
the Property before she can become a joint tenant, and that was not disputed
by the plaintiff. How could the plaintiff forget these events and claim that
LSK had not made any contributions? It suffices to say that the plaintiff’s
account of LSK’s acquisition of her interest in the Property left much to be
desired, and it showed that the plaintiff cannot be believed.

LSK’s credibility

22 The main issue raised by the plaintiff was that LSK did not deny the
agreement that the plaintiff alluded to in her affidavit. While there was no
express denial, a fair and reasonable reading of her affidavit would show that
she did not accept that there was such an agreement. Moreover, the absence of
a specific mention by LSK that this agreement never existed is less
significant than the absence of a specific mention of the agreement in the
plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter of 31 July 2009. I find LSK’s evidence to be
credible.

23 The evidence presented satisfied me that LSK had a beneficial interest in
the Property as a joint tenant which she acquired through the payment of
$13,288.61, and the other payments she alluded to. Prayers 1 and 2 must be
dismissed.

24 With regard to Prayer 3, the plaintiff did not pursue this matter as fully
as she needed to. Besides stating that she has withdrawn $47,258.46 from her
CPF account to pay for the Property and acknowledging that LSK had also paid
$13,288.61, she went no further.

25 Counsel for the defendants had submitted that when LSK’s monthly
contributions of $100 over 23 years six months, totalling $28,200 and the
$20,000 payment for the renovations is added to the $13,288.61, that would add
up to a total contribution of $61,488.61. However, counsel did not advocate
that the apportionment of the ownership shares upon severance be based on the
parties’ contributions to the purchase, but asked for a half share on “the
presumption of equal shares”, as he put it. Counsel was referring to the rule
stated by the English Court of Appeal in _Goodman v Gallant_ [1986] 1 All ER
311 where Slade LJ delivering the judgment of the Court stated at 320 that:

... it is of the very nature of a joint tenancy that, on a severance, each
takes an equal aliquot share according to the number of joint tenants.

Baroness Hale of Richmond in her judgment in the decision of the House of
Lords in _Stack v Dowden_ [2007] 2 All ER 929 referred to _Goodman v Gallant_
and reiterated that a severance of a beneficial joint tenancy results in a
beneficial tenancy in equal shares. The same rule is explained in the
authoritative work on land law, Harpum, Bridge and Dixon, _Megarry & Wade: The
Law of Real Property_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed. 2008) p 504, [13-036] that:

Where land is conveyed to two or more persons as joint tenants beneficially,
each will share equally on severance even though they may have contributed
unequally to the purchase price. It may however be possible for a trust to
declare expressly that the beneficial interests of two or more parties should
be equivalent to those of joint tenants unless and until severed, but that in
the event of severance their interests should be in some specified shares
other than equal shares.

26 The plaintiff had not put forward any figures on the apportionment of their
interests and in the closing submissions. Her counsel made no reference to the
issue of apportionment, did not point to any trust which provided for a
different apportionment, and did not respond to the defendants’ submissions.

27 The situation is that the defendants were contended to rely on the rule on
equal division, and the plaintiff did not state the basis for and the portion
of the interest she wanted to be determined. In these circumstances there was
no necessity or basis for a determination under Prayer 3.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

