Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wan Lai Cheng _v_ Quek Seow Kee  
[2011] SGHC 9

Case Number| :| DT No 3449 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Luna Yap (Luna Yap & Co) for the plaintiff; Randolph Khoo
and Chew Ching Li (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Wan Lai Cheng — Quek Seow Kee  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 17
and 21 of 2011 were allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 31 July 2012.
See [2012] SGCA 40.]

14 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This is the concluding chapter of a long marriage which ended in an
acrimonious divorce with the division of matrimonial assets and the
maintenance for the plaintiff/wife to be dealt with.

2 The parties are 62 years old and have been married for 36 years. The
defendant/husband came from a wealthy family and was self-employed. The
plaintiff was a teacher until she retired. They have two sons, Darren and
Daniel, both in their 30s, for whom no provisions have to be made in the
divorce.

3 On the division of matrimonial assets, there was a sub-issue whether shares
registered in the plaintiff’s name in three companies, Hawick Property
Investment Pte Ltd (‘Hawick”), Kelso Property Investment Ptd Ltd (“Kelso”) and
Skeve Investment Pte Ltd (“Skeve”) belonged to her beneficially, or were held
by her on trust for the defendant. This was a significant issue because the
plaintiff is the registered owner of the 40% of the shares in Hawick and
Kelso, and 10% of the shares of Skeve, and each of these companies owned a
unit of valuable residential property.

4 On the division of the matrimonial assets, the parties agreed that the
division of the matrimonial home at No. 2 Draycott Park #03-01 Hampton Court,
Singapore was to be dealt with separately from the division of the rest of the
matrimonial assets.

The shares in Hawick, Kelso and Skeve

5 These three companies are family companies of the parties and were under the
control of the defendant. The plaintiff became a shareholder and director of
Kelso and Hawick in 1992 and of Skeve in 1983.[note: 1] The defendant deposed
that that was done on the advice of consultants,[note: 2] but he was reticent
about the advice he received. He did not disclose the content of the advice or
the person who rendered it. Indirectly, there was some information on this
because an affidavit was deposed by Wong Cecil Vivian Richard (“Cecil Wong”)
who was a partner of the accountancy firm Ernst & Young (“E&Y”) till his
retirement in 1985 stating that:

7\. ... The Defendant approached E&Y for _corporate structuring and financial
planning advice_. I was personally involved in providing such advice along
with a Mr Graham Clark, who was the tax principal at the material time.

8\. It was decided amongst the Defendant and his family members that a number
of apartments to be built at Hampton Court were to be shared out between the
Defendant and his 2 younger brothers. The remaining units were to be held by
the holding company, Hampton Property Investment Pte Ltd.

9\. One specific aspect of the corporate structuring and _financial planning
advice_ sought by the Defendant concerned _estate duty planning_ for him and
his brothers. The Defendant and his brothers were advised to set up individual
companies to hold each of their allotted units in Hampton Court.

[emphasis added]

6 As the Kelso and Hawick shares were issued to the plaintiff in 1992, and
Cecil Wong retired from E&Y in 1985, the extent of his input and knowledge of
the advice was not clear, but this was the best evidence of the advice there
was. He only deposed that the defendant and his brothers were advised to set
up individual companies to hold each of their allotted units in Hampton Court.
While there was no reference to any advice about issuing shares in the company
to the wives as part of the corporate structuring, financial planning advice
and estate duty planning advice, there was no issue that such advice would
come within that ambit. The plaintiff also recalled that shares were issued to
her under professional advice, although she remembered it as solicitors’
advice. She may have made the mistake as the advice was rendered to the
defendant and not to her directly and she may also have confused this with the
subsequent wealth plan proposed by solicitors, which will be dealt with in a
later part of this judgment.

7 Accepting that the defendant issued the shares to the plaintiff on the basis
that the shares were issued on E&Y’s advice for estate duty planning purposes,
the question still remained whether those shares were to be held by the
plaintiff beneficially, or as a trustee for the defendant as he contended. I
raised this with counsel during the hearing. I pointed out that the court
should be slow to find that Cecil Wong or E&Y had advised the defendant to
evade estate duty by arranging for shares to appear as the plaintiff’s shares
when he was the beneficial owner, under a secret trust. I made the point
because if the advice was the disputed shares in the family companies were to
fully held by the plaintiff, that would result in a legitimate reduction in
the estate duty payable on the defendant’s estate. However, if the advice was
to issue the shares to the plaintiff without transferring the beneficial
ownership of the shares a question arises over the probity of the advice.

8 The plaintiff’s solicitors had captured the issue and stated the plaintiff’s
position when it submitted that:

The question is whether the Defendant acted on such advice by creating a _sham
shareholding_ in favour of the Plaintiff, to maintain his hold on assets
during his lifetime, or that he truly intended to effect a gift to the
Plaintiff of the Disputed Shares. The Defendant respectfully submits that _the
former position was the true situation_.[note: 3]

[emphasis added]

(The sham shareholding-or-gift analysis is apt and relevant to the question
whether these shares are matrimonial assets).

9 It was plain that the critical issue was not over the creation of the
shareholding, but the shareholding created was a sham shareholding. When Cecil
Wong was asked to depose on the advice given to the defendant and his
brothers, that would be an important point of his evidence, but Cecil Wong
made no mention of that, and the defendant did not follow up on that with him
or Graham Clark who was also involved in giving the advice, or E&Y to confirm
or comment on the sham shareholding.

10 There is more on this issue. The ownership of the shares was the subject of
serious discussion again. In March 2007, the defendant wanted to create a
wealth plan for the family to save on estate duty. His lawyer, Tan Hin Tat,
proposed a plan which involved the setting up of the Wen-Ping Trust and for
all shares in Hawick, Kelso and Skeve to be owned by a new company, Great
Hampton Pte Ltd. At that time, the marriage between the parties was already
strained. The plaintiff believed that the defendant was having an extra-
marital affair, and was suspicious of his motives. When Tan Hin Tat and his
colleagues explained the wealth plan to the plaintiff, she declined to put her
shares in the companies into the proposed trust.

11 Tan Hin Tat confirmed in an affidavit that when he explained the wealth
plan to the plaintiff, he was not aware that she was holding the shares on
trust for the defendant; neither the defendant nor the plaintiff had informed
him of that. It would have been reasonable for the defendant to have informed
Tan Hin Tat of the circumstances and manner under which the plaintiff came to
own the shares, and of the alleged advice of E&Y on the “sham shareholding”
when he instructed Tan Hin Tat on the wealth plan.

12 When the defendant came to know that the plaintiff and their sons had
reservations over the wealth plan, he did not take it kindly. His anger and
frustration was luminous in his email to them of 16 April 2007 –

I Do Not Know, What to Do any more???.

DARREN AND DANIEL

Your Trust is at Stake, I may go my Way and Do Nothing!!

My Last Warning to Those ARE Against Me,, WatchOUT!!

I Am NO FOOL!!

SO NO MORE NONSENSE OR MOVE ON !!

THAT IS FINAL !!!

THAT INCLUDES YOU, ... AND ALL THE WANS,

DO YOU THINK YOU CAN ... AROUND MY DOORSTEPS<WHEN I GET BACK<THERE WILL BE
CHANGES, BETTER MOVE OUT NOW!!

13 But while he was unhappy with the plaintiff he did not remind her that she
was only holding the shares in trust for him, and that she should do at his
bidding. Although he gave notice that there will be changes, he did not follow
that up by revoking the trusts and having the shares returned to him.

14 Subsequently, he cooled down and the parties were able to communicate over
the wealth plan more calmly. On 9 July 2007, the plaintiff wrote to the
defendant:

I refer to your lawyers’ letters dated 13 June 2007 which I received from
Darren on 18 June 2007 after I returned from China.

Early this year you arranged for me to meet your lawyer, Mr Tan Hin Tat (“Mr
Tan”) at his office. During the meeting at Mr Tan’s office which you also
attended, Mr Tan informed me that his plan was for us to transfer each of our
respective shares to a New Zealand trustee.

I had informed you previously that I was not satisfied with Mr Tan Hin Tat’s
explanation of the wealth plan.

There were not enough details. I do not understand why you want both of us to
transfer each of our shares to a trust or 3rd party.

Mr Tan then sent me an email telling me to meet his other colleagues who would
explain the wealth plan again. After meeting with his colleagues, I was still
not satisfied with the explanation of the wealth plan and I told Mr Tan’s
colleagues that I would not want to sign away my shares.

You subsequently informed Darren that you were extremely angry at my refusal
to sign away my shares. You also told Darren that I was no match for you and
that you would issue more shares in the Companies to dilute my stake in each
of the Companies.

I am saddened by your actions. You may recall that these shares were given to
me in 1992. You told me then that the shares were mine and that “**you owned
40% of my companies** ”. You had assured me that Darren, Daniel & myself were
precious to you and that we were a family.

Until today, I have not been provided good reason why I should transfer my
shares. Why do you hate me so much? I will hold on to what is mine.

I have asked Jamie, the Companies’ auditor for the bank statements of the
Companies as well as other documents. Jamie has however informed me that you
have instructed her that such documents may not be handed to me and that I
have to request them from you.

I do not understand your actions. Why do you forbid me from looking at those
documents? I have a right to them.

Whatever you dislike about me should be confined between us. Please do not
drag Darren or Daniel into the picture.

[emphasis in original]

and the defendant responded on 18 July 2007 that:

I am very sad reading your letter. You, Darren and Daniel are precious to me
and I have always, and will always, have your interests in my heart.

You have misunderstood my wealth plan maybe because of all the legal mumbo
jumbo. If I die with the shares of Kelso, Hawick, and Skeve in my name (plus
the shares in the company with my brothers), the estate duty payable will be
in the millions. You will also have to pay a huge estate duty. All this estate
duty will reduce the value of the property we give to our sons.

Tan Hin Tat is not only my lawyer, he is also a friend. I went to him for help
to lower our estate duty, and to allow smooth passing of our property to our
sons. Hin Tat will also help our sons to deal with their uncles, if necessary.
THE RESULT OF HIN TAT’S ADVICE IS THE WEALTH PLAN, with you and me as equal
participants, for the sake and benefit of you and our two sons.

So you see, I never had bad intentions and _I never wanted to TAKE away
anything from you_. This wealth plan is for the family. From what I heard from
Hin Tat and his colleagues, you decided, already, that you will not
participate, and you did not care what I do.

That said, the initial wealth plan had you as a beneficiary as well. And it is
only after you told Hin Tat’s colleagues that you will NOT participate in the
wealth plan, and will make provisions for your sons in your own way, that the
revised wealth plan will not include you.

If you need more explanation, all you have to do is ask. But you should have
an open mind and not think I am trying to take anything away from you. Wealth
planning is legitimate, and all it does is help keep more of the wealth of the
family instead of paying to the government upon our demise.

[emphasis in bold in original, emphasis in italics added]

15 The defendant did not dispute the plaintiff’s plain assertion that he told
her that the shares given to her in 1992 (the shares in Kelso and Hawick) were
hers and that she owned 40% of the companies. He was not uneducated,
inarticulate nor diffident, and was the dominant spouse. If the plaintiff was
mistaken over her ownership of the shares, his passivity is hard to
understand.

My finding

16 It is common ground that (i) the defendant controlled the companies and had
managed them to the exclusion of the plaintiff, (ii) that the plaintiff did
not pay for the shares, and was never in physical possession of the share
certificates, and (iii) it was also not disputed that when dividends were paid
by Hawick and Kelso, the payments were paid to the defendant (probably on his
instructions).

17 Insofar as the shares were issued to the plaintiff at the initiative of the
defendant without any payment from the plaintiff, a resulting trust can
subsist over the shares in his favour, but all the relevant circumstances must
be considered. If it is assumed that Cecil Wong and E&Y had acted properly,
they would have advised the defendant to make genuine transfers of the shares
to the plaintiff. In the absence of clear and credible evidence, a court will
be slow to find that reputable and established professionals and firms like
Cecil Wong and E&Y would advise their clients to create sham shareholdings,
particularly when Cecil Wong and E&Y had not been notified of the defendant’s
allegation, and had not been given the opportunity to respond to it.
Independent of the professional advice, the defendant’s conduct was
inconsistent with his claim that the disputed shares were his shares held by
the plaintiff as his trustee. He did not inform Tan Hin Tat of that when he
engaged him to put up the wealth plan, and he did not assert his beneficial
ownership when the plaintiff rejected the plan. He also did not deny that he
had told her that the shares were hers, and did nothing to assert his
ownership till he was confronted with the division of matrimonial assets.

18 On the conclusion of a review of the facts, I find that the defendant had
transferred the disputed shares to the plaintiff as gifts upon professional
advice as part of a financial and estate duty planning exercise, and not as a
sham transaction. In the circumstances, the presumption of a resulting trust
is displaced by the presumption of advancement in favour of the
plaintiff/wife, and my finding of fact that the shares were transferred to the
plaintiff absolutely.

19 Under s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed):

“matrimonial asset” means —

(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(b) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

On a plain reading of the provision, the disputed shares are the plaintiff’s
assets, and are not matrimonial assets.

20 However, there is a view that inter-spousal gifts are matrimonial assets.
Professor Leong Wai Kum’s _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis
2007) states at p 602:

Gift between spouses

The Court of Appeal in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael v Tianzon Lolita_ [[1996] 1
SLR(R) 633 (“ _Tianzon_ ”)], even under the former section 106 of the Women’s
Charter, decided that when a property is given by one spouse to the other _it
should not be regarded as a gift_ but should be liable to division, unless it
were given to the spouse as a highly personal gift or its value were so low as
to be _de minimis_. This decision is rational because a gift between the
spouses depletes the wealth of the marital partnership so that in fairness
significant gifts ought to be returned to the pool and be liable to be
divided.

[emphasis added]

21 _Tianzon_ was commenced in 1993, and the judgment of the Court of Appeal
was delivered on 26 March 1996. The former s 106 which applied over the
division of matrimonial assets made no reference to gifts. The Court of Appeal
in _Tianzon_ referred to a _dicta_ in _Soon Geok Hong v Ong Yeow Tiong_ [1995]
SGHC 78 that when a gift is made between spouses, it must be implied that the
donor will not seek to be entitled to any share in them if the marriage is
dissolved. The Court of Appeal held at [12] that:

Whatever might be the intention of the spouses as regards a gift between them
at the time the gift was made, upon their divorce the criteria for division of
their assets including the gift under s 106 do not depend on or take into
account their intention, express or implied: Wang Shi Huah Karen v Wong King
Cheung Kevin [1992] 2 SLR(R) 172 at [13]. In considering the issue of a gift
in the division of matrimonial assets under s 106, the starting point is
whether the subject matter of the gift is property originally acquired during
the marriage through the sole effort of the donor or the joint efforts of the
donor and his or her spouse, the recipient. If the property was so acquired
during the marriage, it falls within sub-s (1) or (3) (as the case may be) of
s 106, and depending on the circumstances would be taken into account in the
division of matrimonial assets, notwithstanding that it was a gift from one
spouse to the other.

22 From a reading of this passage, the Court of Appeal did not rule that the
property involved should not be regarded as a gift. The Court’s ruling was
that although the asset was a gift, it was also a matrimonial asset. The
importance of this distinction can be seen in the next paragraphs.

23 The provisions on the division of matrimonial assets have been amended
after the decision in _Tianzon_. The former s 106 has been replaced by s 112
in 1996, and s 112(10) states specifically that “matrimonial asset” –

... does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

(There was a minor amendment in 2006 which did not affect the definition).

24 If an inter-spousal gift is not regarded as a gift, then it falls outside
the exemption under s 112(10), and it is a matrimonial asset. But when it is
regarded as a gift, then it comes under the exemption, and it is not to be
included as a matrimonial asset.

25 When amendments to the Women’s Charter were under consideration in 1996,
Professor Leong presented a paper to the Select Committee on the Women’s
Charter (Amendment) Bill [Bill No.5/96] dated 21 May 1996, after the delivery
of the judgment in _Tianzon_. The paper advocated that inter-spousal gifts be
included as matrimonial assets. Professor Leong put forward a definition of
“matrimonial asset”:

(1) “matrimonial asset” includes:

(a) the matrimonial home;

(b) an asset acquired by either party or both parties during their marriage;

(c) an asset acquired by either party or both parties before marriage which
has been used by both parties or the parties and their children as an asset of
the household or which has been substantially improved during the marriage by
the party who had not acquired it or by both parties;

(_d_) _an asset which was acquired by one party as a gift from the other_ ;
and

(e) an asset which was acquired by one party as a gift or an inheritance which
has been used by both parties or the parties and their children as an asset of
the household or which has been substantially improved during the marriage by
the party who had not acquired it or by both parties.

[emphasis added]

but her proposed definition was not adopted, and the definition in its current
form was enacted.

26 The Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law also presented its
views to the Select Committee on the definition of matrimonial asset. It also
proposed that a distinction be made between an inter-spousal gift and a third-
party gift, and suggested that matrimonial asset be defined to mean:

(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to the
marriage and which:

(i) has become the matrimonial home; or

(ii) has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or
by both parties to the marriage; and

(b) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift _(other than a gift by one party to
the other during the marriage)_ or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage;

[emphasis added]

but the suggestion was not taken up.

27 In the result, it can be seen that attention was drawn by Professor Leong
and the Law Reform Committee to the possibility of drawing a distinction
between inter-spousal gifts and third-party gifts, but the definition of
matrimonial asset enacted did not reflect these views. It cannot be supposed
that the Select Committee or Parliament overlooked and did not consider the
views of authoritative parties as Professor Leong and the Law Reform
Committee. It is much more probable that the views were considered, but were
rejected. If that was the case, the rejected definitions should not be applied
to the enacted provision.

28 In the circumstances, I do not think that inter-spousal gifts are
matrimonial assets under s 112(10). I come to this conclusion because:

(i) the law before the enactment of the amendment, as stated in _Tianzon_ ,
was that inter-spousal gifts are gifts and are matrimonial assets;

(ii) the definition did not change the Court of Appeal’s ruling that inter-
spousal gifts are gifts; and

(iii) the definition changed the Court of Appeal’s ruling that inter-spousal
gifts are matrimonial assets by stating that a gift (which would include an
inter-spousal gift) is not a matrimonial asset.

29 Should the definition be construed such that a gift should be read as a
gift other than an inter-spousal gift _ie_ a third-party gift? I do not think
that such a construction is justified because:

(i) although a distinction between an inter-spousal gift and a third-party
gift was made in _Tianzon_ , the definition enacted made no distinction
between such gifts;

(ii) the proposed definitions of Professor Leong and the Law Reform Committee
were not adopted, and the enacted amendment excluded all gifts as matrimonial
assets; and

(iii) there is nothing in the parliamentary records and other material within
s 9A(3) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) which suggests that the
definition should not bear its clear and unambiguous meaning, and should be
given a restricted meaning.

30 As there was no claim or evidence that the defendant or the parties had
substantially improved the value of the shares, the shares are not subject to
division as matrimonial assets. This does not, however, mean that the
plaintiff will have the advantage of keeping the shares for herself, without
this being taken into account in the division of the matrimonial assets.

31 Section 112(2)(h) requires a court ordering a division of matrimonial
assets to have regard to, _inter alia_ :

the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

and s 114(1)(a) provides that:

the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

As the disputed shares are the plaintiff’s property, they are to be taken into
consideration in determining her share of the matrimonial assets.

Division of the matrimonial home

32 The matrimonial home is held in the name of the defendant. This was a unit
in Hampton Court, a high-end housing development consisting of 12 units
undertaken by the defendant, his mother and brothers on land inherited from
his father and his grandfather. The plaintiff acknowledged that she made no
financial contributions to the acquisition of the property, but she relied on
her contributions as the homemaker when the parties and their sons resided in
the property.

33 There is no agreement on the value of the property. The plaintiff had
obtained a valuation at $12.5m, but that was not accepted by the defendant. In
the written submissions in the hearings before me, he argued that “not more
than 35% of the market value of the matrimonial home” should go to the
plaintiff.[note: 4] The plaintiff, on the other hand, claimed 40% share of the
net asset value of the property as at 31 July 2007.[note: 5] (The 31 July 2007
date was probably used as it was the last day of the month following 27 July
2007, the date when the divorce proceedings were filed.)

34 It was pointed out during the hearing that the matrimonial home cannot be
divided by reference to its market value because the property was mortgaged to
secure financial facilities. Counsel was quick to see that, and revised the
defendant’s offer to 35% of the net asset value of the property, without
identifying the point of time at which the net asset value is to be taken. The
time element is significant in this case because the encumbrances on the
property which stood at $533,428.18 on 31 July 2007 had increased to about
$4.1m at the time of the hearing.[note: 6]

35 Having regard to the facts, the plaintiff had been content to let the
defendant manage the matrimonial assets including the matrimonial home in the
normal course of the marriage. In the circumstances she cannot complain over
the encumbrances on the property created when the marriage was running
smoothly. However, once divorce proceedings are commenced and the likelihood
of the issue of the matrimonial assets arises, the single and non-consultative
control by the defendant cannot continue without justification, and he cannot
use his control to diminish the asset value of the property by using it as
security for facilities used for his own benefit.

36 In the present circumstances, as the starting point, the time of
commencement of proceedings should be used to determine the net asset value of
the property, but if the defendant can show that the encumbrances on the
property had increased in value after that date which were for the benefit of
both parties, these additional subsequent amounts can be taken into account.
As there is no claim or evidence of that, the asset value of the property
should be taken as at 27 July 2007, or rounded off to 31 July 2007 if it does
not prejudice the defendant.

37 What should be the plaintiff’s share of the matrimonial home? The plaintiff
claims 40%, and the defendant offers 35%. The plaintiff referred to one case –
_Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee Guan_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 605 where Andrew Phang Boon
Leong J awarded the wife 35% of the matrimonial assets acquired with no
financial contribution from her in a 17 year childless marriage.

38 The defendant justified his 35% offer by referring to two cases. In _Ong
Chen Leng v Tan Sau Poo_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 545, the Court of Appeal awarded a
wife 35% of the matrimonial property paid for by the husband in a 23-year
marriage with 3 children. In _Kwok Wai Leng v Chan Sooi Hong_ [2004] 2 SLR(R)
386, a wife was awarded 35% of the matrimonial flat in a 37-year marriage
during which the wife’s contribution towards the acquisition amounted to
16.7%.

39 Taking into account the fact that the plaintiff had not contributed
financially in the acquisition of the matrimonial home, I award her 35% of its
net asset value.

The other matrimonial assets

40 The assets that are subject to division in a divorce are set out in s
112(10). In the present case, after dealing with the matrimonial home
separately, the matrimonial assets would be the assets acquired separately by
each party, as there were no assets acquired by their joint efforts.

41 The plaintiff’s case was that she would accept a 40% share of the most
valuable of these assets, which was a residential unit at 9 Rhu Cross #10-08
Costa Rhu (“the Costa Rhu property”) which was acquired by the defendant, and
forego any division of the other matrimonial assets. The defendant offered the
plaintiff a 20% share of the matrimonial assets. Unfortunately there was
insufficient information before me to determine the composition and value of
these assets although it was clear that the majority of them in terms of value
were acquired by the defendant. I have to deal with the matter in terms of
percentile division without setting down specific amounts.

42 There are omissions in the presentation of the plaintiff’s proposal. When
she took the position that she was restricting the claim to a share of the
Costa Rhu property and was waiving claims over the defendant’s other assets,
she overlooked that her assets were also matrimonial assets, and were liable
to division. Her waiver was not as simple as she had put it; the defendant had
not agreed to exclude her assets from division.

43 Without the agreement of the defendant, the plaintiff’s proposal to use the
Costa Rhu property only for division cannot be implemented. The assets to be
divided will include all the matrimonial assets, except the matrimonial home
which has been dealt with separately.

44 I took into account the effect of the divorce proceedings on the financial
position of the plaintiff. By these proceedings, she has 35% of the asset
value of the matrimonial home, and obtained confirmation of her ownership of
the 40% of the shares of Hawick and Kelso and 10% of the shares of Skeve,
making her an effective part-owner of two other units in Hampton Court and
another property, 20 Upper Circuit Road #24-06 The Riverwalk owned by Skeve,
as well as the Costa Rhu property. As the plaintiff has acquired property of
considerable value as a result of the divorce proceedings, I find that she
should receive 25% of the other matrimonial assets.

45 As I have noted, there is insufficient material before me to work out the
actual amounts, and I direct that the amounts be determined by a Registrar.
For the purpose of clarity, I find that:

(i) the asset value of the Costa Rhu property should be taken at the time of
the division, deducting any amount of any loan secured on the property as at
the time of the commencement of the divorce proceedings,

(ii) the bank balances of each party are also to be taken as at that date,

(iii) the boat “Delightful Dream” registered in the name of the defendant and
held in trust for Skeve is not to be included in the division, and

(iv) the Renault car registered in the name of the defendant and given as a
wedding present to Daniel is not to be included in the division.

46 After the values of the plaintiff’s assets and the defendant’s assets are
ascertained, the amount due to the plaintiff can be worked out. I will explain
how this is to be done. I will refer to the value of the defendant’s assets as
_A_ , and the plaintiff’s assets as _B_ , and the total of _A_ and _B_ as _C_.
The defendant’s share is _D_ (75% of _C_) and the plaintiff’s share is _E_
(25% of _C_). As the plaintiff is keeping her assets, a sum representing _E_ –
_B_ is due from the defendant to her.

Follow-up matters

47 My findings on the division of the matrimonial assets are only the start of
the division process. The two properties affected, _ie_ the matrimonial home
in Hampton Court and the Costa Rhu property, have to be valued and there is
the possibility of one party buying out the share of the other party. The
parties should try to work these matters out between themselves. If they are
unable to do that, then they are to revert to me for directions to be given,
_inter alia_ , on the valuers to be appointed, the conduct and manner of sale
or buy-out

48 The process of working out the plaintiff’s share could be painstaking and
contentious. It would be in the best interests of the parties to try to come
to an agreement on the overall amount, or on as many of the components thereof
as possible, and I hope that they will make a serious attempt to do that.

Maintenance for the plaintiff

49 The plaintiff wanted a lump sum payment on the ground of the defendant’s
intention to make his future in China, and she worked out $432,000 at $4500 a
month for eight years. The defendant disagreed with the monthly figure and
contended that it should be $2668, and objected to any lump sum payment.

50 The Court of Appeal have set out the guidelines for lump sum maintenance
payments in _Lee Puey Hwa v Tay Cheow Seng_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 196 at [9]:

[T]he court's power to order a lump sum payment, as an alternative to
periodical payments, makes it possible for a husband, who has the means to
make a lump sum payment, to achieve a clean break, and is clearly a method
which should be taken advantage of whenever this is feasible. In deciding
whether to order a lump sum payment, the court should consider the individual
circumstances of the parties, particularly the needs of the wife and the
obligations and responsibilities of the husband, in addition to his assets,
his earning capacity and other available resources. In any case, an order for
a lump sum should not be made if the husband does not have adequate cash or
other capital assets which can be readily disposed of, or if the lump sum
payment or the disposal of assets will effectively cripple his earning power.

If the plaintiff can show that there is a reasonable risk that the defendant
would refuse to comply with an order to make periodic payments of maintenance,
a lump sum order may be made, but I am not persuaded on the evidence that
there is a real risk that the defendant will settle in China and evade paying
maintenance to the plaintiff. He is born and bred in Singapore and has
substantial links and properties here. It is unlikely and impractical for him
to uproot himself from Singapore to evade paying monthly maintenance which is
within his ability to pay. He should pay maintenance in the normal way, by
monthly payments.

51 Section 114 sets out the circumstances to be considered in determining the
amount of maintenance. The first two circumstances are of particular relevance
in the present case:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

52 Both parties are 62 years old, and have considerable assets to live on. The
plaintiff would have to pay for alternative accommodation if the matrimonial
home is sold or her share in it is bought over by the defendant, and this is a
financial need that should be taken into account under s 114(1)(b).
Nevertheless, the defendant should not have to pay for all the plaintiff’s
financial needs, and she should contribute towards them out of her own assets.
Taking all the matters into consideration, I order the defendant to pay the
plaintiff monthly maintenance of $2000.

Costs

53 As both parties have brought up real issues that needed to be determined,
and neither had been entirely correct on the positions they took, each party
shall bear its own costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s affidavit 31/8/2009 paras 7 and 9

[note: 2]Defendant’s affidavit 10/11/2008 para 4.3.1, 4.4.1 and 4.5.1

[note: 3]Defendant’s Supplementary Submissions for Ancillary Hearing, para 6.3

[note: 4]Defendant’s Submissions for Ancillary Hearing, para 30

[note: 5]Plaintiff/Wife’s Further Submissions, para 6

[note: 6]Plaintiff/Wife’s Further Submissions paras 6–8

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

