Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGCA 49

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 27 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners) and Balvir Singh Gill (B
S Gill & Co) for the appellant; Bala Reddy and Sabrina Choo (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 830.]

27 September 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in
_Public Prosecutor v Nagaenthran a/l K Dharmalingam_ [2011] 2 SLR 830 (“
_Nagaenthran (HC)_ ”) convicting the appellant, Nagaenthran a/l K
Dharmalingam, aged 22 years, of the charge set out below. We dismissed the
appeal at the conclusion of the hearing. We now give our grounds of decision.

2 The appellant was charged as follows:

**YOU ARE CHARGED** at the instance of the Attorney-General as Public
Prosecutor and the charge against you is:

That you, **NAGAENTHRAN A/L K DHARMALINGAM** , on the 22nd day of April 2009,
at or about 7.45 p.m., at the Woodlands Checkpoint Arrival Motorcycle Lane,
Singapore, did import into Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class “A”
of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, one
(01) packet of granular substance containing not less than 42.72 grams of
diamorphine, without any authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations
made thereunder and you have thereby committed an offence under section 7 and
punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

[emphasis in bold in original]

3 The Judge found on the evidence that the appellant had actual knowledge of
the contents of a packet wrapped in newspaper in his possession (“the
Bundle”), and that, in the alternative, the appellant had failed to rebut the
presumption of knowledge of the nature of the controlled drug under s 18(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). The Judge further
found that the appellant could not rely on the defence of duress in s 94 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). Accordingly, he convicted the appellant
of the offence charged and sentenced him to death as mandated by s 33 of the
MDA read together with the Second Schedule to the MDA.

Background

4 As the facts of this case are set out fully in _Nagaenthran (HC)_ , we do
not propose to rehearse them. Briefly, at the material time, the appellant was
living in a shared apartment in Johor Bahru with some of his friends
(including one Kumarsen and Kumarsen’s wife) and one Shalini, whom the
appellant claimed to be his girlfriend.

5 The appellant testified that he met a Chinese man by the name of King on 21
April 2009, and asked King for a loan of RM500 in order to pay for his
father’s heart operation on 23 April 2009 in Kuala Lumpur. King agreed. The
next day, 22 April 2009, the appellant met King at a food shop in Johor Bahru
at about 6.00pm. King handed the appellant what the appellant believed to be a
packet of food together with a transparent plastic packet of curry, telling
the appellant to deliver those items to a person in Woodlands, Singapore. King
gave the appellant a telephone SIM card, and asked the appellant to put the
said card into his phone and activate it upon entering Singapore. King also
told the appellant to wait in front of a designated “7-Eleven” convenience
store, and to give the items to a person in a “dark blue Camry”. After the
delivery, the appellant was to return to Malaysia. King told the appellant
that he had to complete the delivery of the items before he would lend the
RM500 to the appellant.

6 Just as the appellant was about to leave with the said items, King invited
him into his (King’s) car, where he told the appellant that he had changed his
mind and that he needed the appellant to deliver something else instead. King
handed the appellant the Bundle. King said that the Bundle contained “company
product” or “company spares”. King told the appellant that the Bundle had to
be tied to the appellant’s thigh for the delivery. According to the appellant,
he initially resisted King’s request, but King slapped and punched him,
threatening that if he refused to deliver the Bundle, King would “finish” and
“kill” Shalini (the appellant’s girlfriend). King made the appellant remove
one side of his trousers and raise his leg such that it rested on the
dashboard of King’s car. Thereafter, King tied the Bundle around the
appellant’s left inner thigh with yellow tape. King again instructed the
appellant to go to Singapore and put the SIM card into his phone, and wait in
front of the designated “7-Eleven” convenience store. As before, King informed
the appellant that a “dark blue Camry” would come, that the person in the said
Camry would be wearing blue-coloured spectacles, and that the appellant was to
hand the Bundle to that person.

7 King then sent the appellant to the appellant’s apartment to prepare for the
delivery trip. When the appellant alighted from King’s car, the appellant
telephoned Kumarsen and told Kumarsen that he had to take some money to
Singapore. Kumarsen agreed to give him a ride. The appellant returned to his
room in the apartment and put on a pair of trousers which belonged to one
Tamilselvam (Kumarsen’s nephew, who was staying in the appellant’s room).
Because Tamilselvam was much bigger sized than the appellant, the appellant
had to use a belt to secure the fit. According to the appellant, he wore
Tamilselvam’s trousers because King had told him to wear bigger trousers as it
was important that what was in the Bundle was not damaged. Although Shalini,
Tamilselvam and one Ramesh were in the apartment at that time, the appellant
testified that he did not tell any of them what King had done or said to him.

8 Kumarsen rode his motorcycle, with the appellant riding pillion, to the
Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint. At about 7.45pm, the appellant and Kumarsen
were stopped at the Woodlands Immigration Checkpoint by the passport screening
officer and taken to an office. In the office, the appellant called Shalini.
The appellant and Kumarsen were thereafter brought to different rooms by
various officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”).

9 Staff Sergeant Syed Anis Bin Syed Omar Alsree (“SSgt Anis”), a CNB officer,
commenced the strip search of the appellant in room C526. During the strip
search, the appellant was asked by SSgt Anis to remove his trousers, which he
did. At this point, SSgt Anis saw the Bundle secured to the appellant’s left
inner thigh with yellow tape over the red pair of boxer briefs that he was
wearing. Later, Sergeant Muhd Zaid Bin Adam and Sergeant Shahrulnizam s/o
Abdullah (“Sgt Shahrulnizam”) entered the room and SSgt Anis left the room.
Sgt Shahrulnizam spoke to the appellant in Tamil, handcuffed him, and then
proceeded to remove the Bundle from the appellant’s thigh. While doing so,
part of the Bundle’s newspaper wrapping tore, enabling Sgt Shahrulnizam to see
that the Bundle contained a transparent plastic bag with white granular
substance in it. The white granular substance was subsequently analysed and
found to contain not less than 42.72g of heroin.

10 At the trial, the appellant disputed the Prosecution’s evidence as to what
exactly had happened after Sgt Shahrulnizam had removed the Bundle. The
appellant’s version of events was that Sgt Shahrulnizam asked him what was in
the Bundle, and he replied that he did not know. Sgt Shahrulnizam said “
_thool_ ” (a Tamil word colloquially used to mean “powder” or, more precisely,
drugs), slapped the appellant on the right and left cheeks, punched the
appellant in the chest area just above the stomach and uttered a vulgarity.
Sgt Shahrulnizam again told the appellant that the Bundle contained “ _thool_
”, and the appellant again denied knowledge of the contents of the Bundle.
Thereafter, Sgt Shahrulnizam put the contents of the Bundle into two bags and
left the room with the bags.

11 At the trial, Sgt Shahrulnizam testified that after he had removed the
Bundle from the appellant’s thigh, he had pointed to the Bundle and asked the
appellant, “What is this?”, to which the appellant had replied in English,
“Heroin”. Sgt Shahrulnizam denied assaulting the appellant, using vulgarities
on him, or trying to make him admit that the Bundle contained heroin.

12 At about 12.10am on 23 April 2009, Sgt Shahrulnizam handed the seized
exhibits to Sergeant Vasanthakumar Pillai s/o M M Iruthaya Nathen Pillai (“Sgt
Vasanthakumar”) for the purpose of recording statements from the appellant and
Kumarsen in room C527 of the CNB’s Woodlands Team C5 office. Sgt Vasanthakumar
recorded Kumarsen’s statement first, and later recorded the appellant’s
statement between 1.20am and 1.35am. The material portions of the appellant’s
statement recorded by Sgt Vasanthakumar read:

Q1)What is this? (Pointing to a zip lock Bag consisting of 1 big packet of
white granular substance, Crushed Newspaper & yellow Tape)

A1)Heroin.

Q2)Whom does it belong to?

A2)It belongs to my Chinese friend who goes by the name of king who strapped
it on my left thigh.

Q3)Why did he strapped it on your left Thigh?

A3)He Strapped it on my left thigh is because it was for my safety and no one
will find it.

Q4)Whom is it to be delivered to?

A4)It is to be delivered to one Chinese recipient who will be driving a dark
blue Camry and he will be meeting me in front of [the] 7-11 store at Woodlands
Transit.

Q5)Why do you have to deliver the Heroin?

A5)I have to deliver [the] Heroin is because I owe king money & he promised to
pass me another five hundred dollars after my delivery.

13 At the trial, the appellant confirmed that he had given his statement
voluntarily to Sgt Vasanthakumar, that no one had threatened or promised him
anything _vis-à-vis_ the giving of the statement, and that he had signed the
statement as recorded. He did not challenge its admissibility. However, he
challenged the accuracy of the statement. He testified, with regard to Q1
(above), that Sgt Vasanthakumar had said to him: “[y]ou know that this is
heroin, right?”, to which he had replied that he did not know. Later, when Sgt
Vasanthakumar asked him again: “[w]hat is this”, he had replied: “Sir, Mr Shah
[_ie_ , Sgt Shahrulnizam] said that it was heroin. It is _thool_ but I do not
know what it is”.

14 Sgt Vasanthakumar, on the other hand, testified that he was certain that
the appellant had merely stated that the white granular substance in the
Bundle was “heroin” without qualifying that Sgt Shahrulnizam had earlier
suggested it to him. Sgt Vasanthakumar also testified that he had read back
the recorded statement to the appellant, including mentioning the word
“heroin” as recorded, and the appellant had signed the statement voluntarily.

15 At about 6.02am on 23 April 2009, Assistant Superintendent Sivaraman
Letchumanan recorded the appellant’s cautioned statement, the material part of
which is as follows:

I was forced and sent into Singapore. I had borrowed money on interest. My
father is undergoing an operation this morning. I went and asked the same
person an additional RM500/-. And he told me to deliver something. First he
gave me a package with Roti Channai and gravy. As I was leaving the shop, he
called me by my name ‘Raja’ and requested me to return to the shop. He asked
me to remove my pants and he placed a bundle wrapped up in Chinese Newspaper
on my left upper thigh and he used a tape and taped the packet around my
thigh. He went 3 time round. I asked him “what is this” and he told me it is
for your safety and the thing will be save. He is a male chinese known to me
as ‘King’. I did not know what was inside the package and only when it was
opened up, one of the sirs told me it was Heroin. The rider of the motorcycle
does not know anything about this. I was threatened that if I didn’t return
the money, they will knock down my girlfriend using a car. That is all.

The decision of the Judge

16 On the basis of the evidence before him, the Judge made the following
findings:

(a) the appellant had actual knowledge that the Bundle contained heroin;

(b) the appellant had failed to rebut the presumption that he knew the nature
of the drug under s 18(2) of the MDA as his evidence that he thought the
Bundle contained “company spares” or “company product” was not credible; and

(c) the defence of duress was not made out on the balance of probabilities,
and, in any case, even if the appellant’s evidence were believed, it did not
suffice to establish duress under the law.

Our decision

17 The same issues of law and fact that were canvassed below were reiterated
before us. We considered, first, the issue of the appellant’s knowledge of
what was in the Bundle. At [33] of _Nagaenthran (HC)_ , the Judge said:

… [T]he [appellant] was in possession of the Bundle when he was stopped at
Woodlands Checkpoint in Singapore. However, the degree or extent of the
[appellant’s] knowledge of what exactly was inside the Bundle wrapped in
newspaper was disputed. In the course of its submissions, the Prosecution
endeavoured to make out a positive case, beyond reasonable doubt based on the
available evidence, that the [appellant] did have actual knowledge or imputed
knowledge (by virtue of wilful blindness) of the actual contents of the Bundle
at the material time of the offence. I accepted that the statements made to
the CNB officers had been accurately recorded. The statements, admitted by the
[appellant] to be voluntarily given to the CNB officers, showed that the
[appellant] had actual knowledge that the Bundle contained heroin, and not
merely some kind of controlled drug the nature of which was unknown to him.

18 On the established principle that an appellate court would not interfere
with a trial judge’s findings of fact unless they were plainly wrong (_eg_ ,
contrary to the evidence), we held that we had no basis to disagree with the
Judge’s factual findings. In fact, looking at the evidence adduced at the
trial, we were convinced that the appellant had actual knowledge that the
Bundle he was carrying contained heroin. The Judge further held that if his
finding of actual knowledge was wrong, then he would find that the appellant
had failed to rebut the presumption of knowledge – also relied upon by the
Prosecution as its alternative submission – under s 18(2) of the MDA.

19 At [34] of _Nagaenthran (HC)_ , the Judge explained why he rejected the
appellant’s defence of duress (a finding with which we agreed):

My reasons are as follows. The version of facts that the Defence had put forth
in support of the [appellant’s] defence of duress were inextricably the same
alleged facts relied upon to show that the [appellant] lacked knowledge of the
actual contents found in the Bundle. The [appellant] alleged that he was
forced by King to deliver the Bundle containing “company spares” or “company
product” (not heroin) to King’s brother in Singapore as he feared for
Shalini’s life. For reasons already given, I did not accept the [appellant’s]
version of facts to be true, in particular the alleged fact that King had
assaulted the [appellant] and threatened to kill Shalini if the [appellant]
refused to (a) let King strap onto his left thigh the Bundle, which King told
him contained “company spares” or “company product” and (b) deliver the
strapped Bundle to King’s “brother” in Singapore. _On this basis alone, the
Defence was therefore left with no other credible evidence upon which to
discharge the burden of proof placed on the [appellant] to rebut the
presumption imposed by s 18(2) of the MDA_ , ie _, that the [appellant] knew
that the Bundle found in his possession in fact contained heroin_. [emphasis
added]

Whether the appellant had the requisite knowledge for finding liability under
section 7 of the MDA

The presumption as to the nature of the controlled drug in section 18(2) of
the MDA

20 Section 18(2) of the MDA provides that a person who is proved or presumed
to be in possession of a controlled drug under s 18(1) of the MDA is also
presumed to know “the nature of that drug”. In the present case, the Judge
found that the appellant knew that the Bundle found in his possession in fact
contained heroin. In making this finding, he equated the phrase “the nature of
that drug” in s 18(2) with the actual drug that was found in the Bundle. We
agree with the Judge’s approach in the interpretation of that phrase. But, as
some uncertainty persists as to the meaning of the term “controlled drug” in s
18(2) of the MDA (which has arisen from the judgment of this court in _Tan
Kiam Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_ ”)), it is
desirable that we clarify the approach which a court should adopt in applying
s 18(2) of the MDA to the facts of a case.

21 Section 18 of the MDA provides as follows:

**Presumption of possession and knowledge of controlled drugs**

**18**.—(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody
or under his control —

(_a_) anything containing a controlled drug;

(_b_) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(_c_) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(_d_) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

(3) The presumptions provided for in this section shall not be rebutted by
proof that the accused never had physical possession of the controlled drug.

(4) Where one of 2 or more persons with the knowledge and consent of the rest
has any controlled drug in his possession, it shall be deemed to be in the
possession of each and all of them.

22 In _Tan Kiam Peng_ , this court embarked on an extended discussion of
whether the term “controlled drug” in s 18(2) of the MDA should be given a
narrow or a broad meaning (see _Tan Kiam Peng_ at [83]–[95]). The broad
interpretation is that “knowledge in s 18(2) … is only a reference to
knowledge that the drug concerned is a controlled drug” (see _Tan Kiam Peng_
at [83]), and not knowledge that the drug in question is the actual drug found
in the possession of the accused (_ibid_). The narrow interpretation is that
the knowledge referred to in s 18(2) of the MDA is the “knowledge that the
drug is _not only_ a controlled drug _but is also_ the **_specific_** _drug_
which it turns out the accused was in possession of” [emphasis in italics in
original; emphasis added in bold italics] (see _Tan Kiam Peng_ at [90]). At
[95], the court concluded that the narrow interpretation was to be preferred:

… [G]iven the specific language of s 18(2) of the [MDA], the need (given the
extreme penalties prescribed by the [MDA]) to resolve any ambiguities in
interpretation (if they exist) in favour of the accused, as well as the fact
that no case has (to the best of our knowledge) adopted the [broad]
interpretation, it would appear, in our view, that (whilst not expressing a
conclusive view in the absence of detailed argument) the [narrow]
interpretation appears to be the more persuasive one and … will in fact be
adopted in the present appeal.

23 In our view, while there may be a conceptual distinction between the broad
view (that the knowledge in s 18(2) of the MDA refers to knowledge that the
drug is a controlled drug) and the narrow view (that the knowledge in s 18(2)
of the MDA refers to knowledge that the drug is a specific controlled drug,
_eg_ , heroin or “ice”), the distinction has no practical significance for the
purposes of rebutting the presumption of knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drug. To rebut the presumption of knowledge, all the accused has to
do is to prove, on a balance of probabilities, that he _did not know_ the
nature of the controlled drug referred to in the charge. The material issue in
s 18(2) of the MDA is _not_ the _existence_ of the accused’s knowledge of the
controlled drug, _but_ the _non-existence_ of such knowledge on his part.

24 As to the meaning of the phrase “the nature of that drug”, our view is that
it refers to the actual controlled drug found in the “thing” (_eg_ , the bag
or container, _etc_) that was in the possession of the accused at the material
time. For instance, if heroin is found in a bag or a container in the
accused’s possession and he is unable to prove, on a balance of probabilities,
that he had no knowledge of that heroin (see [27] below), he would be presumed
under s 18(2) of the MDA to have known of the heroin in his possession.

25 In the present case, as the appellant was found to be in possession of the
Bundle containing a controlled drug, he was presumed to have had that drug in
his possession under s 18(1) of the MDA (by virtue of his possession of the
Bundle) unless he proved the contrary. He was unable to do so because he could
not prove that he had no knowledge of the Bundle or the contents of the
Bundle. In fact, he knew the Bundle strapped to his thigh contained something
(which he alleged to be “company product”).

26 Consequently, the s 18(2) presumption applied, and the appellant was
presumed to have known the nature of the aforesaid (controlled) drug (which he
was presumed to have had in his possession), unless he proved the contrary. He
was again unable to do so because the Judge rejected his defence that he
believed or thought that the Bundle contained “company product”, and found
that he had actual knowledge that the Bundle contained heroin. We should add
that the presumption in s 18(2) of the MDA also applies to a case where the
accused is _proved_ to have been in _possession_ of a _controlled drug_ , _eg_
, where the accused knew or was wilfully blind to the fact that he was
carrying a controlled drug. Another illustration of proven possession, without
the aid of the presumption in s 18(1) of the MDA, would be where the accused
has direct possession of a controlled drug (as opposed to possession of
something containing a controlled drug, the keys of something containing a
controlled drug, _etc_), _eg_ , where the accused has some white pills in his
trouser pocket (whatever he believed them to be) that turn out to be a
controlled drug. Ultimately, regardless of whether possession is _proved_ or
_presumed_ , s 18(2) of the MDA would apply to presume that the accused knew
the nature of that drug, unless he proves the contrary.

27 How can an accused rebut the presumption of knowledge of the nature of the
controlled drug found in his possession (_eg_ , in a bag he is carrying or on
his person)? He can do so by proving, on a balance of probabilities, that he
genuinely believed that what was in his possession was something innocuous
(_eg_ , washing powder, when it was in fact heroin (see _Warner v Metropolitan
Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC 256)), or that he thought it was a controlled
drug other than the one actually found in his possession (_eg_ , where he
genuinely believed he was carrying “ice”, rather than heroin (see _Khor Soon
Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201)).

28 Whether the accused’s evidence is to be believed is a question to be
determined in all the circumstances of the case.

Actual knowledge and wilful blindness

29 In the present case, the Judge did not make a finding that the appellant
was wilfully blind. He did not need to, as he had already found that the
appellant had actual knowledge that the Bundle contained heroin. We agreed
with the Judge’s finding that the appellant had actual knowledge that the
Bundle he was carrying contained heroin. Accordingly, the appellant was
properly convicted under s 7 of the MDA. Nonetheless, we think it will be
useful to make some observations on the concept and role of wilful blindness
in the context of the MDA.

30 In _Tan Kiam Peng_ at [141], this court held that s 18(2) of the MDA
included both _actual knowledge_ in its “purest form” (also referred to as
“actual knowledge _simpliciter_ ” in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Boon Hiong and
another_ [2010] 4 SLR 696) as well as _wilful blindness_. However, one must be
careful to avoid unnecessary refinement of the _mens rea_ of knowledge. Wilful
blindness (or “Nelsonian blindness”) is merely “lawyer-speak” for _actual
knowledge_ that is _inferred_ from the circumstances of the case. It is an
indirect way to prove actual knowledge; _ie_ , actual knowledge is proved
because the inference of knowledge is _irresistible_ and is the _only rational
inference_ available _on the facts_ (see _Pereira v Director of Public
Prosecutions_ [1988] 63 ALJR 1 at 3). It is a subjective concept, in that the
extent of knowledge in question is the knowledge of the _accused_ and not that
which might be postulated of a hypothetical person in the position of the
accused (although this last-mentioned point may not be an irrelevant
consideration) (_ibid_). Wilful blindness is not negligence or an inadvertent
failure to make inquiries. It refers to the blindness of a person to facts
which, in the relevant context, he _deliberately refuses_ to inquire into.
Such failure to inquire may sustain an inference of knowledge of the actual or
likely existence of the relevant drug. It must also be emphasised that where
the Prosecution seeks to rely on actual knowledge in the form of wilful
blindness, the alleged wilful blindness must be proved _beyond a reasonable
doubt_.

31 In so far as _rebutting_ the s 18(2) presumption of knowledge is concerned,
we have stated earlier that the accused only needs to prove that he had no
knowledge of the _nature_ of the controlled drug. Consistent with the burden
which he has to discharge, the accused has to adduce sufficient evidence to
demonstrate, on a _balance of probabilities_ , that he did not know the
_nature_ of that drug. This is a question of fact in each case, and turns very
much on the trial judge’s assessment of the credibility of the defence
witnesses (especially that of the accused, if he chooses to testify).

Whether there was duress

32 We turn now to the appellant’s defence of duress under s 94 of the Penal
Code. The Judge rejected this defence on the evidence before him. He found
that:

(a) there was no credible evidence of a threat to kill Shalini; and

(b) _even if_ there was such a threat, it could not be said that it had
“reasonably cause[d] the apprehension that instant death to … [Shalini]
w[ould] otherwise be the consequence [of non-compliance with King’s request to
deliver the Bundle]”, as is required under s 94.

33 We agreed with the Judge’s finding that on the facts, there was no duress
under s 94 of the Penal Code.

Conclusion

34 The appeal was accordingly dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

