Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mah Kiat Seng _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGCA 28

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 7 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The applicant in person; Mohamed Faizal and Lee Lit Cheng
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mah Kiat Seng — Public Prosecutor  
  
30 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an application by the applicant, Mah Kiat Seng, (“MKS”) , who
appeared in person, for leave to refer a series of some 26 questions to the
Court of Appeal pursuant to s 397 of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15
of 2010) (“s 397 CPC 2010”). As this application to court was made out of the
prescribed time, MKS also prayed for an extension of time to make the
application. In anticipation that his questions might not have been formulated
correctly, he further asked that the court, if it thought it fit, to reframe
those questions appropriately.

The background

2 The present application arose from MKS’ conviction in the District Court of
two charges under the Registration of Criminals Act (Cap 268, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“RCA”). These charges were, respectively, for his refusal to provide a blood
sample (contrary to s 13E(5)(a) of the RCA), and to have his finger
impressions and photograph taken (contrary to s 13(2)(a) of the same Act). The
District Judge’s (“DJ”) decision can be found at _PP v Mah Kiat Seng_ [2010]
SGDC 315 (“ _PP v MKS (DC)_ ”).

3 MKS appealed against the DJ’s decision to the High Court in Magistrate’s
Appeal No 184 of 2010 (“MA 184/2010”). The appeal was partially allowed; Choo
Han Teck J (“the Judge”) allowed MKS’ appeal in respect of his conviction vis-
a-vis the failure to provide a blood sample but dismissed his appeal in
respect of the refusal to have his finger impressions and photograph taken.
The Judge’s decision in MA 184/2010 can be found at _Mah Kiat Seng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2010] SGHC 320 (“ _MKS v PP (MA)_ ”).

4 MKS then applied to the High Court in Criminal Motion No 42 of 2010 (“CM
42/2010”) to reserve 22 questions of law of public interest to the Court of
Appeal under s 60(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev
Ed) (“s 60 SCJA”). The Judge dismissed this application. Section 60 SCJA has
since been repealed w.e.f. 1 January 2011 and replaced by s 397 CPC 2010. The
Judge’s decision in CM 42/2010 can be found at _Mah Kiat Seng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2011] SGHC 47 (“ _MKS v PP (CM)_ ”).

5 Dissatisfied with the Judge’s decision not to reserve those questions of law
which he contended were questions of public interest, MKS brought the present
Motion (“the Motion”) to obtain what he failed to obtain from the Judge. In
the Motion, he listed 26 questions, of which 22 were _identical_ to those
which he raised before the Judge.

The decision below

6 The Judge found the 22 questions raised by MKS to be “rambling, repetitious”
and was of the view that “many concerned not questions of law but fact”. He
summarised the nature of MSK’s complaint to involve two aspects. The first was
factual, _viz_ , whether the police had requested that MKS provide his finger
impressions and photograph. To this extent, the Judge was of the view that the
long list of questions which MKS enunciated were in fact questions of fact and
not questions of law of public interest, as MKS claimed that they were. The
second aspect of MKS’s complaint involved a question of law, which was whether
the RCA “applied to compel a suspect as opposed to a convicted criminal”. On
this aspect, the Judge was of the view that s 8(a) of the RCA provided a clear
and unequivocal answer to this question of law. Under s 8(a) of the RCA,
“[a]ny authorised officer may take or cause to be taken the finger impressions
and photographs of “any person under arrest” who is accused of any crime”. As
s 8(a) of the RCA expressly states that it applies to “any person under
arrest”, the Judge had little problem in answering the question of law posed
to him in the affirmative. Accordingly, he found that there was no basis to
reserve any questions to this Court for its determination and thus dismissed
CM 42/2010.

Main issues before this Court

7 On the basis of the prayers set out in the Motion, the main issues which
were presented to this court were, _inter alia_ :

(a) Whether an extension of time to refer new and further questions of law of
public interest to the Court of Appeal under s 397 CPC 2010 can and should be
granted, given that the High Court had rejected an earlier application filed
within time.

(b) Whether, should an extension of time to file an application under s 397
CPC 2010 be granted, leave to refer the questions as framed by MKS to this
Court ought to be granted.

(c) Whether, should leave to refer the questions as framed by MKS not be
granted, there are nonetheless issues of law of public interest such that the
Court of Appeal should reframe the questions tendered by MKS to reflect those
issues.

At the conclusion of the oral hearing before us, as MKS had not shown that
there were in fact questions of law of public interest which ought to be
reserved for the consideration of this Court, we dismissed the application. We
now give our reasons for doing so.

8 The critical question of the application in the Motion relates to the issue
as to whether, of the 26 questions listed, any of them are questions of law of
public interest which ought to be reserved for the consideration of this
Court. In his oral submission to us, we asked MKS to focus on this critical
question. In these grounds, we do not wish to elaborate on the first issue
listed at [7] above, as even if an extension of time was granted, MKS’s
application for leave to appeal would still not have succeeded in any event.

9 We thus turn to the second issue (see [7] above), on which we would make
these observations. It would be noted that MKS made this application pursuant
to s 397 CPC 2010 which came into force on 1 January 2011 and superseded s 60
SCJA. While the substantive clause of s 397 CPC 2010 is largely similar to
that of s 60 SCJA, an important difference between them is that under s 397
CPC 2010, it is the Court of Appeal, and not the High Court (as it was under s
60 of the SCJA), which assesses the question/s that the applicant seeks to
refer to the Court of Appeal. In other words, previously such an application
had to be made to the High Court which decision would be final. Now the
application would have to be made directly to the Court of Appeal, which will
decide whether there is such a question of law of public interest which it
should address. However, we would underscore the fact that as the operative
clause of the two provisions are identical (both visualised the reference to
the Court of Appeal of only “any question of law of public interest which has
arisen in the matter and the determination of which by the Judge has affected
the case”),[note: 1] we see no reason why the principles established by case
law under s 60 SCJA, as to how the court should exercise its discretion in
granting leave, should not be of relevance to an application under the current
s 397 CPC 2010.

10 MKS’s application in CM 42/2010, made on 15 November 2010, under s 60 SCJA
which was then in force, was turned down by the Judge on 10 February 2011. In
the meantime, on 2 January 2011, s 397 CPC 2010 came into force and replaced s
60 SCJA. This Motion was his second attempt to have the alleged questions of
law referred to the Court of Appeal. Was MKS entitled to do so? It seems to us
that MKS was not entitled to make this application under s 397 CPC 2010 for
two reasons. First, it would amount to an abuse of process, even though this
application contains four more questions than the first. He should not be
allowed a second bite of the cherry. Second, and more importantly, regulation
2 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Transitional Provisions – Further
Proceedings and Joint Trials) Regulations 2011 (“CPC Transitional
Regulations”) provides:

Where an accused has been charged for any offence before 2nd January 2011, any
proceeding (which includes any pre-trial proceeding, trial, criminal motion,
criminal appeal, criminal revision or criminal reference) in relation to that
offence may be taken or continued, as the case may be, after that date and
everything in relation thereto may be done in all respects on or after that
date as if the Act had not been enacted.

The CPC Transitional Regulations were deemed under regulation 1 of the same to
have come into operation on 2 January 2011. Thus, regulation 2, and in turn s
397 CPC 2010, would apply to anyone charged with an offence on and after 2
January 2011. In the present case, MKS was charged and convicted of the
offence while s 60 SCJA was still in force.

11 However, notwithstanding our views on this procedural point, our decision
to dismiss the application was also based on the critical issue that MKS had
not shown that there was any legal question _of public interest_ which ought
to be referred to the Court of Appeal.

The law on reference of questions of law of public interest to the Court of
Appeal

12 We now turn to consider the substantive issues of MKS’s application.
Section 397(1) CPC 2010 provides:

When a criminal matter has been determined by the High Court in the exercise
of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction, and a party to the proceedings
wishes to refer any question of law of public interest which has arisen in the
matter and the determination of which by the Judge has affected the case, that
party may apply to the Court of Appeal for leave to refer the question to the
Court of Appeal.

Like s 60 SCJA, s 397(1) CPC prescribes four distinct requirements which must
be satisfied before this Court may grant leave to refer any questions of law
of public interest for its further consideration. The four requirements, as
confirmed and applied in _Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2010] 1 SLR
966 (“ _BMS_ ”) at [29], are as follows:

(a) there must be a question of _law_ ;

(b) the question of law must be _one of public interest_ and not of mere
personal importance to the parties alone;

(c) the question must have arisen in the matter dealt with by the High Court
in the _exercise of its appellate or revisionary jurisdiction_ ; and

(d) the determination of the question by the High Court must have _affected
the outcome_ of the case.

[emphasis in original]

13 In considering these four requirements and deciding whether to grant leave
to refer questions of law of public interest to the Court of Appeal under s 60
of the SCJA, the position has always been that the court’s discretion in this
respect would be exercised sparingly (see _BMS_ , at [32], approving _Ng Ai
Tiong v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 490 at [10]). Further, _BMS_ reiterated the
position that the High Court judge hearing the s 60 application has the
discretion to refuse to refer a question of law of public interest stated by
the applicant, even if all the conditions thereof were satisfied (unless the
question was raised by the Public Prosecutor). However, strong and cogent
grounds had to exist before the High Court could refuse to refer a matter to
the Court of Appeal if all the conditions were satisfied. There is nothing in
the enactment of s 397 CPC 2010 which indicates that these approaches taken in
relation to s 60 SCJA should not continue to apply _vis-a-vis_ s 397 CPC 2010.

Application of the law to the Motion

14 We do not propose to set out all the 26 questions which MKS had identified.
Many of the questions are repetitive in nature and merely restate identical or
similar points. Some concerned sufficiency of evidence to convict under the
RCA, and others were based on erroneous facts or a misunderstanding of the
law. One question even queried if he could be convicted of his refusal to
provide finger impressions or allow photographs to be taken when he was
acquitted of the charge of failing to provide a blood sample. Obviously this
query was stated only to be rejected. These aside, the other seeming questions
of law may be grouped under three main sets: (a) questions 1 to 3 and 14; (b)
questions 4 to 6, 19, and 20; and (c) questions 25 and 26. However, the
threshold which MKS had failed to meet was the element of public interest.

15 The questions in set (a), _viz_ , questions 1 to 3 and 14, concern the
question of law which the Judge considered in CM 42/2010. This was “whether
the Registration of Criminals Act (Cap 268, 1985 Rev Ed) applied to compel a
suspect as opposed to a convicted criminal” (_MKS v PP (CM)_ , at [5]). This
question is easily answered, as the RCA provides a clear and unequivocal
answer. Section 8, read with s 13 of the RCA, explicitly provides that the Act
not only obliges a convicted person, but also a “person under arrest who is
accused of a crime”, to surrender his finger impressions and photographs when
asked to do so.

16 The questions in set (b), _viz_ , questions 4 to 6, 19 and 20, concern a
construction of the words “finger impressions and photographs” (in s 8 RCA),
“his photograph and his finger impressions” (in s 13 RCA) and/or any other
such combination as used in the RCA. MKS appeared to be raising a question as
to what photographs or finger impressions must be given before a person to
whom the RCA applies may be regarded as having discharged his duty under s 13
(read with s 8) of the RCA. In particular, he seemed to be asking whether the
provision of a single thumb print and a single frontal photograph would
suffice to discharge one’s duty under that Act. While on the face of it, this
set of questions does pose a question of law, its answer should be apparent
from the objective of the RCA, which is to institute a registration system of
criminals and related persons. Section 2 RCA defines “finger impression” to
include “thumb impression and palmar impression”. “Photograph” is also defined
in the same section to include, in relation to a person, “the photograph of
any distinguishing feature or mark on the body of that person”. In s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), it is stated that “words in the
singular included the plural” and vice versa. In the light of these
definitions, a police officer would be acting within his power to request MKS
to allow photographs be taken of him and to obtain his finger impressions
(which would include palmer impression). It is clear from the wording of s 8
read with s 13 RCA that persons who are under arrest and accused of a crime
registrable under the RCA are under a duty to submit to the taking of their
finger impressions and photographs when called upon do so. Police officers are
empowered to take such number of photographs and finger impressions as are
necessary for the criminal registration process. In this regard, we noted the
safeguard prescribed in s 10 RCA, which requires the destruction of finger
impressions and photographs of persons who are later acquitted or discharged
of the crime alleged.

17 In relation to the facts of the case, the DJ found, as a matter of fact,
that initially, MKS did consent to the taking of a _frontal view photograph of
himself_ , and also did not object to the taking of his _thumb impressions_
(see _PP v MKS (DC)_ , at [6] and [8]). However, these were taken for the
purposes of verifying MKS’s identity (see _PP v MKS (DC)_ , at [40]). Later
MKS was asked to have photographs taken of not only his frontal view but also
his left and right profiles, as well as to have all of his finger impressions
taken (not only his thumbs) including his palms and sides. He refused in spite
of explanations by the police officers that the finger impressions and
photographs were required as part of the criminal registration process under
the RCA, with repeated warnings of the consequences of non-compliance. MKS’s
argument was that as he had already agreed to the taking of one frontal view
photograph and provided his thumb impressions, that should constitute partial
discharge of his statutory duty to provide finger impressions and photographs
under ss 8 and 13 RCA. Accordingly, it was argued that he could not be found
guilty of the offence of non-cooperation under those provisions. However, this
assertion must be viewed in light of the evidence of the police officers who
said that they had informed MKS that the initial thumb impressions and
photograph had been procured for a different purpose to that in respect of
which he had refused to cooperate.

18 However, while we recognise that construction of a statutory provision is a
question of law, it does not follow that every such question of statutory
construction is necessarily a question of law of _public interest_. If the
construction that could be placed on a statutory provision is clear, it would
not be in the public interest to reserve this legal question for the Court of
Appeal as it would be a waste of the court’s time: see _Ragunathan v Pendakwa
Raya_ [1982] 1 MLJ 139 at 141-142. In the context of the present case, the
answer to the question raised is quite clear having regard to the express
previsions as well as the objects of the RCA, _ie_ , to institute a
registration system of criminals and related persons. It is clearly not of
such complexity as to warrant a reference to this court. By way of
information, it is to be noted that the established police practice is to
require finger impressions from “each and every finger of both hands including
thumb, palm and side impressions”, as well as photographs of “frontal, left
and right profiles” (see _PP v MKS (DC)_ , at [40]).

19 Turning finally to the last set of questions, _viz_ , questions 25 to 26,
both questions concern issues which are settled and which could be answered by
the application or extension of established principles of law and the
application of statutory provisions which have been authoritatively construed
by the court. _BMS_ makes it clear at [37] that the “the mere construction of
words in statutory provisions in their application to the facts of a case does
not satisfy the requirement of public interest”. At the same paragraph, it was
also said that s 60 of the SCJA:

... ought not be used to route to the Court of Appeal questions “which are
settled or novel points which can be decided by the application or extension
of established principles of law or the application of statutory provisions
which have been authoritatively construed by higher courts”

20 The fact that a question relates to a particular provision which has not
been interpreted judicially does not, without more, render it to be of public
interest; a new or novel question is not invariably a difficult or contentious
question and will not always satisfy the public interest threshold (see _BMS_
at [37], _Abdul Salam bin Mohamed Salleh v PP_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 198 at [30] and
_Bachoo Mohan Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1037 at [78]). We
would further add that a question of law does not become one of public
interest just because an applicant is vociferous in raising related issues on
that question. To construe “public interest” in the manner in which MKS would
like us to adopt, namely, in every case where a point of interpretation of a
statutory provision arises, is to cast the net too wide. It would mean, more
often than not, that there would be a second tier of appeal by way of
reservation of questions of law. This would undoubtedly defeat the legislative
purpose of s 60 SCJA that there should only be one level of appeal. Where an
accused person is tried before a subordinate court, he has a right of appeal
only to the High Court. He has no further right of appeal to the Court of
Appeal. The process provided in s 60 SCJA, and now s 397 CPC 2010, is an
exceptional measure to be resorted to only where a question of law of public
interest arises. In this context, public interest must therefore mean more
than just questions of law or questions of statutory interpretation. The
legislature has in its wisdom refrained from defining it. Conflict of judicial
decisions on the point would be such a case. At the very least, the point of
law should be one of considerable difficulty or complexity, the determination
of which affects the public interest rather than the narrow personal interest
of an applicant who has been convicted of an offence.

Conclusion

21 In conclusion, we would state that while some of the questions raised may
be questions of law, they are certainly not questions of law of public
interest. MKS was in effect seeking, by the back-door, an appeal against the
decision of the Judge. This we could not allow. Accordingly, we dismissed the
Motion.

* * *

[note: 1]Section 397(1) CPC 2010 and s 60(1) SCJA.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

