Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AJE _v_ AJF  
[2011] SGHC 115

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No. 29 of 2010/V & District Court Appeal
No. 30 of 2010/L  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Siew Fong and Cheong Yen Lin Adriene (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the Wife; Lim Teong Jin George SC and Tan Ai Ling Jinny
(Wee, Tay & Lim LLP) for the Husband.  
Parties| :|  AJE — AJF  
  
9 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 These matters originated from an application by a wife (“the wife”) against
her husband (“the husband”) for maintenance for herself and two children. The
application was filed on its own, without any divorce proceedings.

2 The husband and wife were married in 1999. It was the second marriage for
both of them. The husband had two sons from a previous marriage, and the wife
had one son _B_ , from a previous marriage. Out of the current marriage, the
couple has one son _C_. _B_ was 16 years old and _C_ was 9 years old at the
time of the hearing before me. The husband was 53 years old and the wife 47
years old.

3 The application was heard in the Family Court. At the end of a 4-day
hearing, a District Judge (“DJ”) ordered that the husband:

(a)

pay the wife monthly maintenance of $6,500 for the maintenance of the wife and
_B_ and _C_ ; and

(b)

make further payments for household expenses, expenses for _B_ and _C_ , car
expenses, maid expenses, housing loan, fixed loan and property tax payments
totalling $9,655.55 per month. These additional payments were to be made by
the husband directly to the receiving parties, or to the wife on proof of
payment by the wife.

4 Both parties appealed against the DJ’s orders. The wife appealed against:

(a)

the amount of maintenance awarded by the DJ;

(b)

the DJ’s decision not to order that the maintenance be backdated to June 2008;

(c)

the DJ’s order that the husband make some payments directly; and

(d)

the DJ’s decision not to award costs of the application to the wife.

5 The husband, on the other hand, appealed against:

(a) the award of maintenance for _B_ ; and

(b) the amount of maintenance awarded to the wife.

6 I shall deal with both appeals together and address the issues in this
order:

(a)

whether the husband is liable to maintain _B_ ;

(b)

whether the maintenance awarded to the wife should be varied;

(c)

whether the maintenance payments should be backdated;

(d)

whether the order for direct payments should have been made; and

(e)

whether the wife should be awarded the costs of the application.

Whether the husband is liable to maintain _B_

7 This issue was not brought up in the court below where the arguments were
centred on the quantum of maintenance. However, in an application for
maintenance, it is essential that there be a duty to maintain; if there is no
duty to maintain, then the application for maintenance must fail.

8 The claim for maintenance for _B_ was founded on s 70(1) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (all references to sections hereinafter shall
be references to the Women’s Charter unless otherwise stated). Section 70(1),
(2) and (3) state:

70\. —(1) Where a person has accepted a child who is not his child as a member
of his family, it shall be his duty to maintain that child while he remains a
child, so far as the father or the mother of the child fails to do so, and the
court may make such orders as may be necessary to ensure the welfare of the
child.

(2) The duty imposed by subsection (1) shall cease if the child is taken away
by his father or mother.

(3) Any sums expended by a person maintaining that child shall be recoverable
as a debt from the father or mother of the child.

9 The husband argued that s 70 has no application to him because:

(a)

the wife has been receiving maintenance of $350 per month for _B_ from his
biological father;

(b)

_B_ is no longer living with the husband, and the husband has no legal right
of access to him; and

(c)

under s 70(3) the husband is entitled to claim from the wife any maintenance
he paid for _B_ , and “[i]t would therefore make no sense for the Court to
order the Husband to pay the Wife maintenance for _B_ , only for the Husband
to be able to claim the money back from the Wife”[note: 1]

10 The wife’s response was that:

(a)

the husband was aware that _B_ ’s biological father was paying maintenance for
_B_ ;

(b)

the husband has acknowledged that he had been paying for _B_ ’s tuition fees,
school fees, pocket money, meals and expenses, and had affirmed that he had
been maintaining _B_ ; and

(c)

the husband’s interpretation of s 70(3) should not be adopted.[note: 2]

It is to be noted that the husband did not dispute that _B_ was accepted by
him as a member of his family, and did not say that he had been denied access
to _B_.

11 On the point that _B_ was receiving maintenance from his own father, the
husband’s argument relied on the words “so far as the father or mother of the
child fails to [maintain the child]” in s 70(1). The phrase could have been
made clearer. As it stands, it could be construed as “failing to maintain _at
all_ ”, or “failing to maintain _adequately_ ”, and the husband has adopted
the former construction.

12 It is useful to read the phrase in the proper context. Section 70(1)
provides that a person who accepts a child as a member of his family has a
duty to maintain the child so far as the parents fail to maintain the child.
The words “so far as” must be understood properly. They have the same meaning
as “to the extent that”. In other words, the duty only starts upon the
parents’ failure to maintain the child adequately. If the child is already
adequately maintained by his or her parents, there is no duty on the non-
parent to provide further maintenance for the child. However, if the child
receives _some_ maintenance from the parents, which is insufficient for his
requirements, then the non-parent who has accepted the child as a member of
his family has the duty to provide the child with such additional maintenance
within his means as is reasonable for the child.

13 As it was not contended or established that the $350 per month from _B_ ’s
father was sufficient for _B’s_ upkeep, _B_ ’s receipt of maintenance from his
father did not release the husband from his duty to provide maintenance for
_B_.

14 On the husband’s second ground that _B_ is no longer living with him, that
was because the husband moved out of the matrimonial home and not that _B_ was
taken away by his father or mother as contemplated in s 70(2). The husband had
not said that he no longer accepted _B_ as a member of his family, or that _B_
does not want to be accepted as a member of the family.

15 Section 70(1) states that when a person “ _has accepted_ a child ... as a
member of his family, it shall be his duty to maintain” the child. It also
states that the person shall have a duty to continue to maintain the child
“while he remains a child” and not while the child continues to be accepted as
a member of the family. Following from that, once the person _has accepted_
the child as a member of his family, the duty arises, and only ceases when the
child ceases to be a child. There is one express limitation to the scope of
the duty. Section 70(2) provides that the duty shall cease if the child is
taken away by his father or mother. The person has no right to opt out of the
duty – s 70 does not state that after a person has accepted the child as a
member of his family, he can change his mind and stop maintaining the child.
Since family acceptance is the basis for the duty, it can be argued that the
duty ends only when, by circumstances not of the person’s making, the quasi-
familial relationship between the person and the child ends, _eg_ , when the
child renounces the relationship, or he is taken away by his parent.

16 On the husband’s third point that any maintenance he pays to _B_ is
recoverable from the wife as a debt under s 70(3), the provision raises
difficult questions:

(a)

as the maintenance is paid in the discharge of duty imposed by law on the non-
parent, why is it recoverable as a debt from the father or mother of the
child?

(b)

why should the person who had voluntarily accepted a child as a member of his
family have recourse against the child’s parents for expenditure he incurs on
the child?

(c)

as the amount of maintenance to be paid is dependent on the means of the non-
parent, why should the father or mother repay to the non-parent the amount he
paid based on his means and without regard to their means?

(d)

is the liability of the father or mother to repay a joint or several
liability?

17 The husband is relying on s 70(3) because it is there, and he may not be
able to, and in any event, he is not the best party to answer the questions.
It suffices, however, to note that on any reading of s 70 as a whole, s 70(3)
cannot cancel s 70(1).

Whether the maintenance for the wife should be varied

18 The wife is seeking an upward revision, and the husband wants a reduction
of the maintenance.

19 The husband is a successful businessman. He is the managing director of a
reputable construction services company, and has annual income of $600,000, or
$50,000 a month. The wife is not working. She holds a diploma from an
Australian insurance institute and had worked for 10 years as an insurance
agent before her marriage to the husband, and continues to receive $10,000 a
year from a former employer.

20 The wife claimed $15,000 for maintenance, excluding payments of housing
loans, hospital insurance for herself and the children and expenses incurred
on her child.[note: 3] The husband, on the other hand, asserted that he had
been paying $10,976.67 for the maintenance of the wife, _B_ and _C_ and that
sum is greater than their needs.[note: 4] (That included maintenance for _B_
as the issues under s 70 were not raised at that stage.) In the event, the DJ
ordered maintenance for the wife, _B_ and _C_ totalling to $16,155.55,
including maintenance for _B_.

21 The husband’s appeal raised the legal issue under s 70, which I have dealt
with. Besides that issue he did not question the DJ’s quantification of the
maintenance for _B_ and _C_.

22 The DJ made his award after he heard the husband and wife, and he was
satisfied that “the husband had cut back the wife’s access to some of the
funds to which she had almost unrestrained access previously.”[note: 5]

23 In arriving at the quantum of the award, the DJ took into account:

(a)

the husband’s earnings of $50,000 a month;

(b)

the wife’s failure to disclose her financial resources; and

(c)

the fact that the wife suffered from depression which led to her lavish
expenditure.[note: 6]

24 Having reviewed the evidence and arguments of both parties, I find that
neither party has presented a case for the DJ’s quantification of maintenance
to be disturbed.

Whether the maintenance payments should be backdated

25 The maintenance order was made on 20 May 2010 to take effect from 1 June
2010. The wife had applied for maintenance to be backdated to June 2008 on the
ground that the husband had neglected or refused to provide reasonable
maintenance since that time.[note: 7]

26 When a maintenance order is made, the operative date of the order is
provided. It is usually one of the following:

(a)

the date from which the defendant had failed to pay proper maintenance;

(b)

the date of the filing of the maintenance application;

(c)

the date of the order;

(d)

the month following the date of the order.

27 The determination of the operative date is governed by the facts of each
case. If the applicant had to incur debts or sell possessions to make up for
the shortfall in maintenance, that would be a strong ground for backdating the
maintenance. On the other hand, if the applicant had been able to manage with
the pre-order maintenance, back-payment would be a windfall, and the case for
backdating would be weaker.

28 In the present case, the DJ explained in [10] of his grounds of decision
that he did not backdate his order because:

The court did not find it necessary to backdate the award as there was no
credible evidence before it of the assets of the wife. The husband in his
evidence had made the point that he believed the wife had considerable assets
and could save up to $40,000 to $50,000 a year. The court agreed that this had
to be given due weight particularly in the absence of any meaningful
disclosure by the wife of her own savings and assets.

29 The DJ found that “[t]he court had no evidence ... of the wife’s own
financial resources as they were not disclosed by her”[note: 8] and decided
not to backdate the maintenance. As the wife’s financial circumstances is a
factor to be taken into consideration in deciding whether to backdate
maintenance, it cannot be said that the DJ’s decision was wrong or
unreasonable.

Whether the order for direct payments should have been made

30 The wife’s complaint was that[note: 9]:

To allow the Respondent to continue to yield such control over the sum due to
the Wife (as the Lower Court ordered in this case), accords the Husband
unnecessary and undesirable “control” over the Wife and children.

31 The DJ’s order for the husband to make direct payments for some items of
the maintenance order, _eg_ , conservancy charges for the matrimonial home,
car loan instalments, road tax and insurance, housing loans, fixed loans,
property tax, and to pay other items upon production of proof of payment by
the wife, is not the normal order.

32 The DJ did not make this order arbitrarily. He had noted in the grounds of
decision that the wife had withdrawn $18,500 from a joint bank account with
the husband without his knowledge or consent, and that she was disposed to
lavish spending when she was depressed. The DJ had doubts over her ability to
manage money responsibly after having seen and heard both parties. In any
event, those payment terms were not oppressive or unreasonable, and they
should be retained.

Whether the wife should be awarded the costs for the application

33 The DJ did not address the question of costs at all in his grounds of
decision. The wife had applied for maintenance and obtained payments which she
would not have received otherwise. I am unable to see why she should be
deprived of her costs entirely. However, taking into account her excessive
claim and her failure to disclose her assets, she should not have full costs.
I order that she get half the costs of the application.

Costs for the appeals

34 The wife had succeeded partially in the claim for the costs of the
application, but had failed in the other parts of her appeal. Each party is to
bear its own costs in her appeal. The husband appealed over the quantum of
maintenance for the wife and his liability to maintain _B_ , and he had failed
on both issues. The wife will have the costs of his appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s (Husband) Case, DCA 30 of 2010, paras 28–30

[note: 2]Respondent’s Case DCA30 of 2010, paras 8, 10, 11 and 17

[note: 3]Grounds of Decision, para 5

[note: 4]Grounds of Decision, para 8

[note: 5]Grounds of Decision, para 10

[note: 6]Grounds of Decision, para 10

[note: 7]Record of Appeal Vol.2, p 37

[note: 8]Grounds of Decision, para 10

[note: 9]Appellant’s Case in DCA 29 of 2010, para 33

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

