Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Surface Stone Pte Ltd _v_ Tay Seng Leon and another  
[2011] SGHC 223

Case Number| :| Suit No 33 of 2011 (Summons No 3725 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chua Beng Chye and Raelene Pereira (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the plaintiff; Daniel Koh and Radika Mariapan (Eldan Law LLP) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  Surface Stone Pte Ltd — Tay Seng Leon and another  
  
5 October 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Shaun Leong Li Shiong AR:

Introduction

1 The advent of new technology has brought about challenges to litigation that
(arguably) only technology can resolve. In the midst of considering
applications for specific discovery under the “train of inquiry” limb, it
should be borne in mind that the genesis of the _Peruvian Guano_ doctrine lies
in a simpler time, when photocopiers were not yet invented and computers were
not even imagined (and thus a time long before the proliferation of emails and
email attachments). The need to ensure that the discovery and inspection
process remains _proportionate_ is especially compelling where compound
documents (which are electronic storage media such as computer databases and
hard disks) are sought to be discovered and inspected under the “train of
inquiry” limb; the danger of recovering voluminous electronic documents that
are of marginal or no relevance is particularly acute if the _Peruvian Guano
doctrine_ is applied bluntly without safeguards (see [60] – [61] below), and
without due consideration to cautions on the huge corpus of electronic
documents potentially discoverable, such as the one aptly made by Senior
Master Whitaker in the recent decision of _Goodale v Ministry of Justice
(Opiate Dependent Prisoners Group Litigation)_ (2009) EWHC 3834 (QB) at [1] –
[2]:

…since certainly the beginning of this decade, increasing numbers of public
bodies and private businesses, not to mention individuals, have gone over to
creating, exchanging and storing their documentation and communicating with
each other entirely by electronic means. The end result is that an enormous
volume of information is now created, exchanged and stored only
electronically. Email communication, word processed documents, spreadsheets
and ever increasing numbers of other forms of electronically stored
information ("ESI") now often form the entire corpus of the documentation held
by companies and individuals who become involved in litigation. So the
incidence of paper disclosure is becoming less and less prevalent though in
some cases it may still be critical. and the incidence of the disclosure of
electronically stored information, or ESI as it is known, is becoming more and
more so.

What is more, the volume of the ESI, even in small organisations is immense,
often, as in the case of email, because of the huge quantities of documents
created (including wide-scale duplication) and the fact that the documents can
exist in many different forms and locations so that they are not readily
accessible except at significant cost. It is also commonplace for many
individuals to have more than one email account – business, personal, web-mail
(for example, Yahoo, Gmail, Hotmail etc.) When ESI is available, metadata
(literally data about data) associated with it can easily be unintentionally
altered by the very act of collection, which in some circumstances can have a
detrimental effect on the document's evidential integrity. What is more, ESI
can be moved about nationally and internationally, indiscriminately and at
lightning speed…

Factual background of application

2 This case concerns the plaintiff’s application, made under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_)
and r 11(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), for specific
discovery and inspection of the first defendant’s documents (hereinafter
referred to interchangeably as “devices”) which are: (i) a Toshiba laptop used
during the first defendant’s employment with the plaintiff (“Toshiba laptop”);
(ii) a white Western Digital 250GB hard disk used during the first defendant’s
employment with the plaintiff (“hard disk” or “Western Digital hard disk”);
and (iii) the first defendant’s iPhone used during his employment with the
plaintiff (“iPhone”). It is common ground between parties that these devices
are discoverable “documents” under O 24 r 5. There is no dispute on
possession, custody or power, with regard to the Toshiba laptop, and the hard
disk; but the first defendant claims that the iPhone is no longer in his
possession, custody or power (and hence not subject to inspection).

3 The plaintiff is a private limited company incorporated in Singapore, and
carries on the business of procuring and supplying stones and tiles for
building and construction. The first defendant was appointed a sales director
of the plaintiff, and was also made a minority shareholder of the plaintiff
(with 10% shareholding). His duties included procuring supplies of stones and
tiles on behalf of the plaintiff, and carrying out sales and marketing of the
plaintiff’s products and services. The second defendant (not directly involved
in the present application), was employed by the plaintiff as a sales
executive pursuant to an employment agreement dated 25 August 2009.

4 According to the first defendant, the plaintiff had, through a
representative, written a letter on or about 18 January 2011 to several of the
plaintiff’s customers, informing them that the plaintiff had suspended the
first defendant’s duties as a director, and alleging that he had breached
several duties owed to the plaintiff by making improper use of information
acquired in order to obtain personal gain (the letter of 18 January 2011). On
the same day, the plaintiff had allegedly prevented the first defendant from
returning to the plaintiff’s office premises, and had confiscated the Western
Digital hard disk.

5 On 19 January 2011, the plaintiff commenced Suit No 33 of 2011/M against the
first and second defendants on the following pleaded claims:

(a) wrongfully disclosing and misusing the plaintiff’s confidential
information;

(b) misusing the plaintiff’s resources and the corporate opportunities
obtained by them in their capacity as director and employee of the plaintiff;

(c) acting with the collateral purpose of setting up a new competing business
against the plaintiff’s interest;

(d) favouring Xiamen Ouming (one of the plaintiff’s suppliers located in
China) and causing the plaintiff to purchase from Xiamen Ouming to the
plaintiff’s detriment;

(e) conspiring to defraud, injure and/or cause loss to the plaintiff by
unlawful means, and to conceal such fraud from the plaintiff;

(f) unlawful interference with the plaintiff’s trade and business; and

(g) as against the first defendant, inducing and unlawfully procuring the
second defendant to breach her employment contract with the plaintiff.

6 The plaintiff also obtained an interim injunction on 20 January 2011 (the
Order of Court dated 20 January 2011 was varied on 4 March 2011), to prohibit
the defendants from; carrying on a business which competes with the plaintiff,
soliciting the plaintiff’s suppliers, customers and employees, and disclosing
certain information concerning certain projects undertaken by the plaintiff.
Pursuant to the interim injunction Order, the first defendant was also
directed to deliver up items including all laptop computers, desktop
computers, hard drives, electronic and other storage materials containing
information concerning the various projects undertaken by the plaintiff. The
first defendant brought a counterclaim against the plaintiff for the alleged
defamatory comments stated in the letter of 18 January 2011.

7 In the course of submissions, counsel for the first defendant disputed upon
the relevancy of the devices sought to be discovered and inspected. It was
also asserted, without any elaboration, that the discovery and inspection of
the devices was not necessary (see first defendant’s written submissions at
[28]). Nevertheless, I have set out (at [16] \- [27] below) how the train of
inquiry is one that will result in the obtaining of evidence that is necessary
for the resolution of the pleaded issues. Before I proceed to deal with the
question of whether the devices sought are relevant, I will first set out the
analytical framework for determining the relevancy of documents sought to be
discovered under O 24 r 5 (3)(_c_).

Analytical framework for determining the relevancy of documents sought to be
discovered under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) (the “train of inquiry” limb)

8 Subject to the overriding principle of necessity in O 24 r 7, where the
discovery sought must be necessary for disposing fairly of the proceedings or
for saving costs (see _Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 39 at [37] and [38]), documents
which are not in themselves directly relevant, but which are indirectly
relevant as it may lead to a train of inquiry resulting in the obtaining of
directly relevant evidence, can be discovered under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_). This
“train of inquiry” provision is a vestige from the decision of _The Compagnie
Financiere et Commerciale du Pacifique v The Peruvian Guano Co_ (1882) 11 QBD
55 at 62-63, where it was observed that:

... documents to be produced are not confined to those, which would be
evidence either to prove or to disprove any matter in question in the action
...

The doctrine seems to me to go farther than that and to go as far as the
principle which I am about to lay down. It seems to me that every document
relates to the matters in question in the action, which not only would be
evidence upon any issue, but also which, it is reasonable to suppose, contains
information which may - not which must - either directly or indirectly enable
the party [requiring discovery] either to advance his own case or to damage
the case of his adversary ... a document can properly be said to contain
information which may enable the party [requiring discovery] to advance his
own case or to damage the case of his adversary, if it is a document which may
fairly lead him to a train of inquiry, which may have either of these two
consequences.

9 It bears noting that the _Peruvian Guano_ doctrine was set at a time when
computers were unheard of; a blunt application of this doctrine would at times
result in the discovery of voluminous documents, not all of which are relevant
or material to the issues at trial. It may also be that the time and expense
involved in the pursuit of all evidence that may lead to a train of inquiry
would outweigh the likely benefits of obtaining evidence that may only be
marginally relevant, or evidence that is relevant but immaterial (these
scenarios would arguably be caught by the rule of necessity). By the very
nature of the “train of inquiry” doctrine, the line between a fishing
expedition and a legitimate discovery application, would arguably be the
finest in an application made under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_), amongst the applications
available in O 24 r 5. It would therefore be beneficial to set out an
analytical framework for determining the relevancy of documents sought to be
discovered under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_).

10 The document sought to be discovered in O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) is, in the words
of that rule, “a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to
a train of inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may -
adversely affect his own case; adversely affect another party’s case; or
support another party’s case”. The Court of Appeal in _Tan Chin Seng and
others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 465 at [35] (“ _Tan Chin
Seng_ ”) held that it was “necessary for the applicant party to show **_in
what way_** the requested document may lead to a relevant document”. To this
end, an applicant can discharge this burden by showing:

(a) First, that the train of inquiry is one **_that would result_** in
obtaining **_directly relevant evidence_** (directly relevant evidence is
information that may - adversely affect his own case; adversely affect another
party’s case; or support another party’s case) (“ascertaining the train of
inquiry” limb); and

(b) Second, the document sought to be discovered is one that **_may_** lead
the party to that train of inquiry in (a) above.

11 With regard to the first aspect, that is, to ascertain the train of inquiry
to be undertaken, the Court in _Dante Yap Go v Bank Austria Creditanstalt AG_
[2007] SGHC 69 observed the following (at [30] – [31]):

A party seeking discovery on the basis of O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) cannot hope to get
an order in his favour unless the train of inquiry will itself lead to the
discovery of directly relevant documents…

…there must … be shown a connection between _what is discovered_ and the
ultimate end-point, which is _the pleadings_ that in turn control what are
pertinent to the trial.

[emphasis added]

12 In other words, the train of inquiry _must_ be one that _would result_ in
the discovery of documents (or information) that is _directly relevant_ and
necessary for the resolution of the pleaded issues. Although what is directly
relevant would very much depend on the factual matrix and pleaded issues of
the precise case at hand, it should be borne in mind that the Rules itself has
provided guidance on what is directly relevant. In this regard, the concept of
direct relevancy, for the purposes of 24 r 5(3)(_c_), refers to documents or
information which may adversely affect the applicant’s own case; adversely
affect another party’s case, or support another party’s case.

13 With regard to the second aspect, the applicant must show that the document
sought to be discovered under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) is one that may lead to that
train of inquiry that has been ascertained above. It is not necessary to show
that the document sought to be discovered under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) **_must_** ,
or **_will_** , lead to that relevant train of inquiry. As emphasized by the
Court in _Thyssen Hunnebeck Singapore Pte Ltd v TTJ Civil Engineering Pte Ltd_
[2003] 1 SLR(R) 75 at (5):

It will be borne in mind that should it subsequently transpire that no
relevant information was in fact found in the documents disclosed, that does
not, in itself, mean that the request was a fishing expedition

14 The words set out in O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) provide that the document sought to
be recovered is one which **_may_** lead to a train of inquiry. Indeed, the
Court of Appeal in _Tan Chin Seng_ (at [14]) referred to such indirectly
relevant evidence as having the **“**** _potential_** to set off ‘a train of
inquiry’ resulting in the discovery of evidence of direct relevance”. In this
regard, a fundamental difference between a fishing expedition and a legitimate
application for discovery under O 24 r 5(3)(_c_) would be whether there are
**_reasonable grounds_** to find that the document sought to be recovered is
one that has the potential to set off this train of inquiry. What constitute
reasonable grounds, and whether there are reasonable grounds to find that the
document sought to be discovered has the potential to set off the train of
inquiry, would be questions of fact to be decided within the precise factual
matrix of the specific case at hand.

15 Having set out the analytical framework for determining the relevancy
(_albeit_ indirect relevancy) of documents sought to be discovered under O 24
r 5(3)(_c_), I will proceed to deal with the merits of the plaintiff’s
application.

Ascertaining the train of inquiry

16 I am convinced that the train of inquiry is one that will result in the
obtaining of evidence directly relevant and necessary for the resolution of
the pleaded issues. The plaintiff’s solicitors drew the Court’s attention to a
few emails that allegedly showed the defendants’ breaches of duties. There is
no doubt that this is not the proper forum to determine whether the defendants
were indeed in breach of their duties owed to the plaintiff, but the pertinent
point to take away from these emails is that they reveal that there are many
specific undisclosed documentation that would be material for the disposal of
the issues at trial. In this regard, a detailed review of these emails would
illustrate how this is so.

17 The second defendant forwarded a list of projects (“the Projects Follow up
List”) which the plaintiff was involved in to the first defendant by way of an
email dated 20 November 2010 (see exhibit “TEKJ-4” in Tay Eng Kiat Jackson’s
(“Tay”) affidavit dated 18 January 2011). The Projects Follow up List contains
a list of projects that the plaintiff had tendered for and submitted
quotations for. About a month later, on 14 December 2011, the first defendant
forwarded the second defendant’s email together with the Projects Follow up
List to one “Zhiqiang”, the General Manager of Xiamen J.M. Stone CO. Ltd and
Xiamen Ouming Imp & Ex Co. Pte (collectively known as “Xiamen Ouming”). Xiamen
Ouming is an existing supplier of the plaintiff. This email dated 14 December
2011 shall hereinafter be referred to as “the first email of 14 December 2011”
(see exhibit “TEKJ-4”). The second defendant’s email to the first defendant
dated 20 November 2010 presupposes that there have been instructions given by
the latter to the former for the specifications required to compile the
Projects Follow up List; yet these instructions remain undisclosed to date.
Likewise, the first defendant would not have simply sent the 1st email of 14
December 2011 to Xiamen Ouming out of the blue; there necessarily must have
been some communication between Zhiqiang and the first defendant regarding the
price quotations, the quantity required and the type of materials or finishes
required, for the purposes of compiling the Projects Follow up List. These are
undisclosed. It is evident that the above mentioned undisclosed documentation
would be pertinent in resolving the pleaded issues of whether the defendants
did, unlawfully interfered with the plaintiff’s trade and business; misused
corporate information and opportunities obtained in their capacity as the
plaintiff’s director and employee; misused and disclosed without authorisation
the plaintiff’s confidential information; and if so, whether such misuse and
disclosure was indeed made for the purposes of setting up a competing
business.

18 I move on to another set of emails which would be _vital_ in showing
whether the defendants did in fact planned and worked together to set up a
competing business. The second defendant sent an email dated 30 November 2010
to the first defendant, proposing several names, allegedly for the purpose of
naming the new competing business (see exhibit “TEKJ-6” in Tay’s affidavit
dated 18 January 2011):

Boss,

Only manage[d] to think of a few names

Classic Stone

Marble boutique (2nd choice)

Stone boutique

Stone Affair (I like this) lol

Stone Culture

Do not hesitate to contact me if you need further assistance.

19 As with the above, this email presupposes that there were instructions
given by the first defendant to the second defendant. The documentation
containing such instructions are undisclosed. The first defendant forwarded
the email of 30 November 2010 to Zhiqiang in an email dated 14 December 2010
(hereinafter referred to as “the second email of 14 December 2011”) (see
“TEKJ-6”), inviting Zhiqiang’s views on the proposed names:

Hi Zhiqiang,

Please find below the new company name we have [_sic_] thing of. We prefer the
one in red. _Please let me know if [sic] its is alright and I will check if it
is still available_

[emphasis added].

20 As can be seen, there would necessarily be further communication between
Zhiqiang and the first defendant, in particular, on Zhiqiang’s views on
whether the proposed company name is “alright”, as well as the first
defendant’s check(s) on whether the name “is still available”. Such further
communication _goes to the heart_ of resolving the pleaded issues of whether
the defendants had planned to set up a competing business, and whether they
have approached the plaintiff’s existing suppliers in furtherance of their
plans to set up the new competing business.

21 Furthermore, by an email dated 13 December 2010, the second defendant sent
a proposed budget list (list of costs and expenses) of the alleged new
competing business (see exhibit “TEKJ-7” in Tay’s affidavit dated 18 January
2011). The budget list sets out the proposed expenses of the alleged new
business, including the salaries of the first and second defendants, as well
as two other unnamed personnel to deal with administration and storage. The
said email annexed with the budget list states the following:

Boss,

Like this ok?

Do not hesitate to contact me if you need further assistance.

22 This clearly presupposes that there was prior communication between the
first and second defendant, including the instructions given by the former to
the latter to prepare and send the proposed budget list. It is beyond question
that such communication, as yet undisclosed, is pertinent is resolving the
pleaded issues of whether the first defendant had unlawfully procured the
services of the second defendant to breach the latter’s obligations owed under
his employment contract with the plaintiff; whether the defendants have
misused the plaintiff’s resources and corporate opportunities obtained by them
in their capacity as the plaintiff’s director and employee; misused and
disclosed without authorisation the plaintiff’s confidential information; and
importantly, whether the defendants had acted together to set up a competing
business against the plaintiff’s interest.

23 In addition to the above, there are two emails which reveal that there are
undisclosed documents which are _material_ in proving that the defendants have
approached the plaintiff’s suppliers in furtherance of their plans to set up a
competing business. The first defendant arranged for a business trip to Turkey
to meet ADK Marble in January 2011, one of the plaintiff’s suppliers. The
plaintiff alleges that the ulterior motive or the true purpose of the trip was
for the defendants to meet up with the ADK Marble for the purposes of
discussing the defendants’ new competing business venture. The first defendant
sent an email dated 3 January 2011 to one Ms Duygu from ADK Marble to enlist
the latter’s assistance to book air tickets for both defendants (see exhibit
“TEKJ-8” at page 54 of Tay’s affidavit dated 18 January 2011):

Hi Ms Duygu,

Please help me book the air ticket from Istanbul to Antalya on the 14 Jan in
the morning…

_Please do not let Leslie or Jackson know that I am bring[ing] my sales along.
I have other stuff to discuss with you_ [emphasis added].

24 As can be seen from the above, for some important reason(s), the first
defendant does not want the plaintiff’s directors (Leslie and Jackson) to know
that he is bringing the second defendant along for the trip. He enlisted the
assistance of the representative from ADK Marble to conceal this information
from the plaintiff, and at the same time, reveals that there are “ _other
stuff_ ” to be discussed with ADK Marble. In view of this reference, it goes
without saying that there is subsequent communication between the first
defendant and ADK Marble’s representative. Such communication, as well as any
documentation prepared _in support of_ this communication (such as the
proposed budget expenses or supply agreements) goes to the very heart of
resolving the pleaded issues of whether the defendants have approached the
plaintiff’s suppliers in furtherance of their plans to set up a competing
business; and whether the defendants have worked together to set up a
competing business.

25 In addition, it is notable that the first defendant sent an email dated 4
January 2011 to one Yiannis Chatziioannidis of Marble Market from Greece, one
of the plaintiff’s suppliers, to ask for assistance in making arrangements for
hotel accommodation for two persons, and to ask the latter not to let the
plaintiff’s directors know that he is bringing the second defendant along for
the business trip to Greece (see exhibit “TEKJ-8” at page 51 of Tay’s
affidavit dated 18 January 2011):

…Please pick me up at the airport and help me book a hotel for 2 person[s] as
I will [be] coming along with my sales.

If it is possible[,] please also make arrangement[s] for some factory visit
and also [a] visit to some quarry as well. With [sic] regards to this trip[,]
_please do not let Leslie or Jackson know that I am bring[ing] a sales person
along. We will have some other arrangement for next year_.

26 The first defendant’s attempt to _conceal_ the fact that he is bringing the
second defendant to these overseas trips to meet up with the plaintiff’s
suppliers, would necessarily bring the _true purpose_ of such trips into
question. As such, the _business documentation_ that the first defendant
_brought alon_ g for these trips, would be material in proving whether such
trips were made for the purpose of approaching the plaintiff’s existing
suppliers (such as ADK Marble and Marble Market) in furtherance of the
collateral purpose of planning and setting up a competing business against the
plaintiff’s interest.

Specific documents

27 From the above, it is clear that the train of inquiry is one that will
result in the obtaining of evidence that is directly relevant and necessary
for the resolution of the pleaded issues, _in particular_ , evidence that
include:

(a) Instructions given by the first defendant to the second defendant relating
to specifications required to compile the Projects Follow Up List;

(b) Communication between Zhiqiang and the first defendant regarding the
compilation (including the price quotations, quantity required, and type of
materials or finishes required) and the sending of the Projects Follow Up
List;

(c) Instructions given by the first defendant to the second defendant
regarding the proposal of names for a new business, prior to the email of 30
November 2010 sent by the latter to the former;

(d) Communication between Zhiqiang and the first defendant on the proposed
names for a new business, following the second email of 14 December 2011;

(e) Communication between the first and second defendant on the compilation
of, and instructions given on, the proposed budget list of costs and expenses
of the new business, prior to the email dated 13 December 2010 sent by the
second defendant to the first defendant;

(f) Business documentation that the first defendant brought along for his
overseas trip to Turkey to meet ADK Marble in January 2011;

(g) Subsequent communication (including documents prepared in support of this
subsequent communication) between the first defendant and any representative
from ADK Marble on the “other stuff” to discuss, as referenced in the first
defendant’s email dated 3 January 2011 to Ms Duygu from ADK Marble; and

(h) Business documentation that the first defendant brought along for his
overseas trip to Greece to meet Marble Market in January 2011.

Whether the documents sought to be discovered have the potential to set off
the train of inquiry

28 The first defendant argued in his written submissions (at [31]) that the
plaintiff is merely relying on the fact that the first defendant had owned the
documents while he was in the plaintiff’s employment to show the relevance of
the documents. On the contrary, it should be clear that there are _compelling
grounds_ to find that the documents have the potential to set off the train of
inquiry.

29 I will start off with a point concerning the first defendant’s emails to
the plaintiff’s suppliers in Turkey and Greece, dated 3 and 4 January 2011
respectively. In my view, given that the first defendant had enlisted the
assistance of the plaintiff’s suppliers to conceal the fact that he brought
the second defendant to Turkey and Greece in January 2011 to meet the
plaintiff’s suppliers, the true purpose of these overseas trips are called
into question. It follows that the _business documentation_ that the first
defendant brought along for these trips would be pertinent in revealing the
true purpose and nature of the trips; in particular, whether these trips were
made for legitimate purposes in furtherance of the plaintiff’s business, or
whether, as pleaded by the plaintiff, the trips were made in furtherance of
the defendants’ plans to set up the competing business. In this regard, it is
significant that by the first defendant’s own admission, he had used both the
NEC laptop and the Toshiba laptop (it is undisputed that the documents in the
NEC laptop was backed-up and transferred to the Toshiba laptop) to reply to
work emails when he was _away from office_ (see first defendant’s written
submissions at [42]). The necessary inference of this admission is that the
first defendant has access to his NEC laptop and Toshiba laptop when he is
away from office, including his overseas trips to meet the plaintiff’s
suppliers, such as the trips made to Greece and Turkey in January 2011. At
this juncture, I should also add that the plaintiff’s solicitors’ submission
in the hearing before me that the two laptops were used by the first defendant
in his overseas travels were not disputed by the first defendant’s solicitors,
and the first defendant had specifically admitted in his own affidavit dated
15 September 2011 (at p 6) that he used the Toshiba laptop during travel. It
necessarily follows that there are reasonable grounds to believe that these
laptops would contain the business documentation that the first defendant
brought along for these trips, which, as highlighted above, are pertinent for
resolving the pleaded issue of whether the first defendant had approached the
plaintiff’s overseas suppliers in furtherance of the defendants’ plans to set
up a competing business.

30 In addition, it would not be unreasonable to assume that an employee who
wishes to misuse an employer’s confidential information, and to set up a
competing business against his employer’s interest would, more probable than
not, keep the relevant documentation in his personal devices (in the present
case, the first defendant’s personal Toshiba laptop, the Western Digital Hard
disk, and iPhone), so as to _avoid detection_ , or so that if subsequently
detected, the employer would not have direct access to the incriminating
evidence (“the assumption”). However, I must place significant caveats in this
regard. A discovery order can never be made on the basis of this sole
assumption alone; this assumption cannot _in and of itself_ be determinative
of whether the employee’s personal devices would lead to a train of inquiry of
directly relevant evidence, for the assumption is premised upon the
presupposition that the employee is indeed liable of setting up a competing
business or of misusing the employer’s confidential information; a conclusion
which the Court hearing the discovery application has no jurisdiction to make
in the first place. As such, this assumption can at most be used only as a
_supporting factor contextually_ – ultimately, whether the documents sought to
be discovered can lead to the discovery of directly relevant documents would
turn upon the precise facts of the case. On the particular facts of the
present case, the assumption is reinforced by the fact that there is
undisputed evidence that the first defendant had the intention to conceal
information from the plaintiff’s directors, Leslie and Jackson. This is
evident from the first defendant’s emails to representatives of ADK Marble
dated 3 January 2011, and of Marble Market dated 4 January 2011 (see above at
[23] – [26]).

31 Furthermore, there is undisputed evidence that the first defendant has
access to work emails from his iPhone, and that he forwards the emails from
his iPhone to his personal email account. For example, the email sent by the
second defendant to the first defendant dated 13 December 2010 was forwarded
by the first defendant to his personal yahoo email accounts using his iPhone
(see exhibit “TEKJ-7” at p 48 of Tay’s affidavit dated 18 January 2011). The
first defendant even used his iPhone to forward the email dated 4 January 2011
(sent by the first defendant to Yannis Chatzlioannidis, the representative
from Marble Market) to Yannis Chatzlioannidis on the same date (see exhibit
“TEKJ-8” at p 48 of Tay’s affidavit dated 18 January 2011). Apart from the
fact that such evidence shows that the iPhone would lead to the discovery of
directly relevant documents; an inference is also drawn, in that, by sending
emails and directly relevant evidence (such as the proposed budget list
annexed to the email of 13 December 2010) to his _personal_ email accounts,
the first defendant would access such directly relevant evidence through his
_personal_ devices, such as the Toshiba laptop.

32 Moreover, it is noted that the first defendant’s office email account is
accessible through the webmail interface http://webmail.surfacestone.com.sg
(see affidavit of Lew Tze Yong dated 15 September 2011 at [6]). As the office
email account is accessible from any computer with internet access, this would
mean that the first defendant can access the work email from non-work computer
sources, including his personal laptops. In fact, given that the office email
can be accessed from _any computer_ with internet access, the fact that the
first defendant chose to use his Toshiba laptop and NEC laptop to reply to
office emails when he is away from office (as admitted at [42] of the first
defendant’s written submissions) would go some way in showing a reasonably
credible nexus between _work related materials_ and these two laptops.

33 It is also significant that the first defendant failed to dispute on
affidavit (and in the hearing before me), the plaintiff’s assertion that the
first defendant had used his personal laptop **_in discharge of his duties_**
as director and Sales Director of the plaintiff, (stated in Tay’s affidavit
dated 18 January 2011 at [45]-[48]):

The 1st Defendant has been using his personal laptop, instead of a computer
issued by the Plaintiff, _in the discharge of his duties as the Sales Director
of the Plaintiff_. This arrangement was agreed between the Plaintiff and the
1st Defendant.

I believe that the 1st Defendant _uses the same personal laptop in ostensibly
carrying out his duties as a director and Sale Director of the Plaintiff,
including communicating with the Plaintiff’s suppliers and/or customers by
email, and keeping all information and/or records in respect of his dealing on
behalf of the Plaintiff_.

Therefore, I believe that the 1st Defendant’s laptop contains information
including but not limited to the email correspondence between the Defendants
and the Plaintiff’s customers and/or suppliers and other information, which
may, if improperly used, be to the detriment of the Plaintiff.

[emphasis added].

34 The plaintiff has also asserted (in the supporting affidavit by Tay dated
22 August 2011 at [23] and [27], the written submissions at [22(b)], as well
as in the oral submissions in the hearing before me), that the Toshiba laptop,
Western Digital Hard disk, and iPhone were used by the first defendant **_in
the course of his employment_**. The first defendant has to date, not disputed
this on affidavit. This was also not disputed by the first defendant’s
solicitors in the hearing before me. Indeed, the first defendant even went as
far as to _confirm_ in his own affidavit dated 9 September 2011 at [13] that
he did not deny that both the NEC laptop and the Toshiba laptop were used in
the course of his employment with the plaintiff. He also admitted that he
owned both laptops during the time when he was employed with the plaintiff (at
[14]).

35 The first defendant, in his affidavit dated 9 September 2011 (at [8] – [11]
and [14]), denied that the NEC laptop, Toshiba laptop, Western Digital Hard
disk, and iPhone contains any “Information” (with a capital “I”). In
particular, the first defendant also asserted that (at 14(b) and [15]):

…some of the data contained in the NEC has been transferred to my Toshiba
laptop. However, the transferred data does not include the Information falling
within the scope of the Injunction….

The only reason why the Devices [the Toshiba laptop, Western Digital Hard
disk, and iPhone] are not referred to in my List of Documents is because they
do not store the Information and _as such_ are irrelevant for the purposes of
discovery in this Suit.

[emphasis added]

36 Notwithstanding the above, the first defendant has to realise that just
because the said devices (allegedly) do not contain the “Information” falling
within the scope of the injunction, it does not mean that the devices do not
contain the undisclosed documents (referred to above in [27] above) that are
directly relevant to the pleaded issues. As admitted and emphasized by the
first defendant’s solicitor himself in the hearing before me, “Information”
has been given a specific and narrow definition in the Order of interim
injunction dated 4 March 2011 as (“the Order”):

…information concerning the _Projects_ relating to (a) the materials and
products used or to be used for the Projects (b) the prices quoted for the
Projects, (c) the list of suppliers for the Projects, (d) the status/stage of
the Projects, (e) the test reports on the materials for the Projects, (f)
information contained in the tender documents for the Projects, and (g) the
costings of the materials and stocks procured for the Projects (collectively,
“ _the Information_ ”) [emphasis added].

37 In the same Order, the “Information” is limited only to “Projects” listed
in page 42 of Tay’s affidavit dated 18 January 2011, and exhibit TEKJ-11 of
Tay’s affidavit dated 3 March 2011.

38 As it stands, the first defendant has at most denied that the devices
contain the Information falling within the scope of the Order, in his
affidavit dated 9 September 2011 (I add here parenthetically that even such
denial has been, in my view, countered by the reasons stated (see above at
[29] – [34], and below at [41] – [44]). The first defendant has not denied, on
affidavit, that the devices sought to be recovered contains directly relevant
evidence that goes towards resolving the pleaded issues. The first defendant’s
failure to deny is even more significant in view of the fact that the first
defendant had the chance to, in his affidavit dated 9 September 2011, deny the
plaintiff’s clear assertion in Tay’s affidavit of 22 August 2011 at [27] that:

I have been advised and verily believe that the Documents [sought to be
discovered] are relevant and necessary for the fair disposal of the issue
regarding the 1st Defendant’s compliance with the Order _and the issues
regarding wrongful disclosure and misuse of the Plaintiff’s confidential
information, misusing the Plaintiff’s resources and the corporate
opportunities obtained by them in their capacity as director and employee (as
the case may be) of the Plaintiff, and acting with the collateral purpose of
setting up a new competing business against the interest of the Plaintiff_
[emphasis added].

39 The first defendant failed to deny the above assertion. Subsequently, there
was another clear reminder of the plaintiff’s assertion that the documents
sought to be recovered would lead to the discovery of evidence relevant to
resolving the pleaded issues, and not just to Information falling within the
scope of the Order (Tay’s affidavit of 15 September 2011 at [7] and [8]):

…The Plaintiff’s claim in Suit No. 33 of 2011/M is not limited to the delivery
of the Information by the 1st Defendant. The Plaintiff’s claim may be
summarised as follows:

(a) Wrongfully disclosing and misusing the Plaintiff’s confidential
information;

(b) Misusing the Plaintiff’s resources and the corporate opportunities
obtained by them in their capacity as director and employee (as the case may
be) of the Plaintiff;

(c) Acting with the collateral purpose of setting up a new competing business
against the interest [o]f the Plaintiff;

(d) Favouring Xiamen Ouming and causing the Plaintiff to purchase materials
from Xiamen Ouming to the Plaintiff’s detriment;

(e) Conspiring to defraud, injure and/or cause loss to the Plaintiff by
unlawful means and to conceal such fraud from the Plaintiff;

(f) Unlawful interference with the Plaintiff’s trade and business;

(g) As against the 1st Defendant, inducing and unlawfully procuring the 2nd
Defendant to breach her Employment Contract with the Plaintiff.

I am advised and verily believe that _documents relating to all issues in
dispute in Suit No. 33 of 2011/M, and not just documents containing the
Information, should be subject to discovery_.

[emphasis added]

40 Despite the clear statements above, the first defendant has to date failed
to deny on affidavit that the documents sought to be discovered would lead to
the discovery of evidence relevant for resolving the pleaded issues. This was
so even though the first defendant had the chance to state this denial as it
filed a subsequent affidavit dated 16 September 2011, but still there was no
such denial in that affidavit. Further, the first defendant’s solicitors could
have but did not seek leave in the hearing before me for time to file any
supplemental affidavit to state the necessary denial. In totality, the first
defendant had three chances to state this denial on affidavit (in the
affidavit dated 9 September 11, the affidavit dated 16 September 2011, and the
chance to request to file a supplemental affidavit before me during the
hearing on 20 September 2011), but had failed to do so.

41 On the contrary, the first defendant had shown by its conduct, with
especial regard to the Western Digital Hard disk, that it _may_ contain
information relevant for the purposes of the trial. While the plaintiff’s
solicitors had only asked the first defendant to deliver up electronic devices
to comply with the Order, in a letter dated 1 February 2011, where _no
mention_ was made on discovery or the trial, the first defendant’s solicitors
had actually made an offer for a joint inspection of the Western Digital Hard
disk in a letter dated 8 February 2011. However, the first defendant’s
solicitors went a step **_further_** to state in the same letter that the
contents of the Hard disk can _be listed in an inventory pending trial_ :

…we reiterate our client’s proposal that, in the event that your clients are
not agreeable to the return of the above hard disk and boxes of the name cars,
your clients and its representatives meet our client and us at an appointed
date, time and location to inspect the contents of the said hard disk together
_and list them in an inventory pending trial_ [emphasis added].

42 In response to the above, the plaintiff’s solicitors stated in its letter
dated 15 February 2011 that:

There would not be any need for both our respective clients to incur the costs
of a joint inspection if your client can simply confirm that the hard disk
does not contain any of the Information listed in the Order of Court dated 20
January 2011 (“Order of Court”).

43 It is obvious that the plaintiff’s solicitors were only asking the first
defendant to confirm whether the Hard disk contains the Information falling
under the scope of the Order, and nothing was said about discovery or trial.
However, not only was it that the first defendant _could not_ give this
confirmation, the first defendant had went further (through his solicitors) to
re-affirm its offer for a joint inspection, in a letter written by the first
defendant’s solicitors dated 18 February. This time round, the first
defendant’s solicitors again took the further step of offering to _list_ the
contents of the Hard disk can be _in an inventory pending trial_ :

…the most reasonable and sensible way to confirm if the hard disk contains any
Information would be for your clients’ representative and solicitor together
with our client and a solicitor from our firm to inspect the hard disk _and
list them in an inventory pending trial_ [emphasis added].

44 In the course of submissions before me, the first defendant’s solicitors
argued that the offer to have a joint inspection should not be taken as an
admission to relevancy. No submissions were made with regard to the further
offer to list the contents of the Hard disk in an inventory pending trial. In
addition, no issues of “without prejudice” were raised in the hearing before
me. These letters were also annexed in Tay’s supporting affidavit dated 22
August 2011, and no objections were raised with regard to these letters in the
first defendant’s affidavits or in the first defendant’s written submissions.
In my view, the statements made by the first defendant (through his
solicitors) in the letters dated 8 and 18 February 2011 shows that the first
defendant himself cannot be sure whether the Hard disk contains the said
Information (which are information relevant for the trial, amongst other
pleaded issues). Furthermore, by offering to inspect the Hard disk jointly,
and by _making the further offer to list the contents of the Hard disk in an
inventory pending trial_ (not only once, but _twice_), the first defendant had
represented, by his conduct, that the Hard disk has _the potential of
containing documents that are relevant for the trial_. This representation is
reinforced by the fact that the plaintiff had not even made any mention about
discovery or trial in its letters; the fact that the first defendant had come
up with an offer to list the contents in an inventory pending trial, when the
plaintiff itself has said nothing about the trial, shows that it was within
the first defendant’s _contemplation_ that the Hard disk may contain relevant
documentation. Further, this representation is even more compelling given that
the first defendant had the prerogative of simply asserting that the plaintiff
has no entitlement to the Hard disk because it contains _no relevant evidence
at all_ , either for the Information falling with the scope of the Order, or
for the purposes of trial. As the Hard disk is the first defendant’s
**_personal_** item, he was in the best position to make this assertion, and
had _no excuse_ of not knowing what was inside the Hard disk. Having _elected_
not to make this assertion, but to make an offer for inspection and a further
offer of listing the contents in an inventory pending trial, it does not lie
in the plaintiff’s mouth to subsequently state that the Hard disk contains no
relevant information (which even if accepted, will be given very little
weight, if at all).

45 For the reasons above, I find that there are compelling grounds to believe
that the documents sought to be discovered has the potential to set off the
train of inquiry. I therefore order the discovery and inspection of the first
defendant’s Toshiba laptop and Western Digital 250GB hard disk.

46 I will not order the discovery and inspection of the first defendant’s
iPhone used during his employment with the plaintiff, as there is sufficient
evidence to show that the iPhone is no longer in the first defendant’s
possession, custody or power. The first defendant’s assertion that he lost his
iPhone in sometime around June 2010 while on a business trip to Greece, is
corroborated by an exhibit of his passport (see TSL-7 at pp 5-6 of the first
defendant’s affidavit dated 16 September 2011). His assertion that he bought a
replacement iPhone soon thereafter is supported by the Change of
Equipment/Handset Upgrade Service application form (which shows the iPhone
number), at pp 8-10 of exhibit TSL-7 of the first defendant’s affidavit dated
16 September 2011. This replacement iPhone was subsequently lost on or about
21 January 2011 while he was in Malaysia with some friends. His version is
corroborated by a statutory declaration from one of his friends, one Yeo Boon
Seng, that the first defendant had indeed lost his iPhone whilst they were in
Malaysia, as well as the relevant pages of his passport showing that he was in
Malaysia at that time (see pp 11-15 and p 7 respectively, in exhibit TSL-7 of
the first defendant’s affidavit dated 16 September 2011). Viewing the evidence
in totality, there are sufficient grounds to find that the iPhone that the
plaintiff sought to discover and inspect is no longer in the first defendant’s
possession, custody or power.

Discovery of discrete documents within compound documents

47 In the course of submissions, counsel for the first defendant argued that
the discovery application was a fishing expedition, as it did not identify the
_class of documents_ within the devices in which the plaintiff believes that
there will be discoverable information (see also the first defendant’s written
submissions at [29]). Counsel referred to the Court of Appeal decision of
_Wright Norman and another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and another
appeal_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 452 (“ _Wright Norman_ ”) as authority for the
position that an applicant’s failure to identify the _classes of documents_
sought would be a fishing expedition. When I sought clarification from counsel
on whether he was thus submitting that, as a general rule, all applications
for specific discovery under O 24 r 5 must identify the classes of documents
sought for, the want of which would _automatically_ render the application a
fishing expedition, counsel had confirmed that the answer is in the positive
(“the rule”).

48 As a preliminary point, the decision of _Wright Norman_ is not evidently
relevant to the present case, as the Court of Appeal had expressly stated in
its decision (at [19]) that the application in question before the Court in
_Wright Norman_ was (apart from the interrogatories) _not_ for discovery of
any particular class of documents, but was an application for a _further and
better list of documents_. More significant is the fact that there is nothing
in _Wright Norman_ that supports the rule, neither is there anything in the
decision that states that an applicant’s failure to identify the _classes of
documents_ sought would necessarily mean that he is engaging in a fishing
expedition. Indeed, the application in _Wright Norman_ was dismissed, _not
because_ of any omission to classify or categorise the documents sought, but
because the Court of Appeal was of the view that the categories of documents
sought were too wide and that almost none of the categories had any relevance
to the pleaded issues (see _Wright Norman_ at [20]):

The first and third defendants, therefore, sought discovery of _very wide
categories of documents, and virtually none of them bear any relevance to the
issues raised by the defence_. Having regard to the _extreme width_ of these
categories of documents sought, we cannot but agree with Chao Hick Tin JC that
the aim of the application for such further and better list is no different
from that of the application for leave to serve the interrogatories…

49 The Court of Appeal in _Wright Norman_ also found that the applicant had
attempted to interrogate upon particulars that were not pleaded; while Norman
Wright had set out in his pleadings the 22 steps which a reputable executive
search firm (such as the plaintiff in that case) would take to ensure
confidentiality; he did not identify in his pleadings which of the 22 steps
the plaintiff had failed to take; and had merely alleged that the plaintiff
had failed to take one of the 22 steps. That was found to be inadequate as
many of the steps had no relevance to the pleadings. I should add, at this
juncture, that, unlike the case in _Wright Norman_ , it was not submitted
before me that the plaintiff’s pleadings are deficient for lack of
particulars; there is also no dispute or argument raised by the first
defendant that the plaintiff is seeking discovery of facts that have not been
particularised. In addition, it has already been shown above at [16] – [27]
how the train of inquiry would result in the discovery of documents directly
relevant to the pleaded issues.

50 Notwithstanding the first defendant’s flawed reliance on the decision of
_Wright Norman_ , the submissions made by counsel for the first defendant
highlighted the need to differentiate between **_compound documents_** and
discrete documents (“discrete” documents are distinct and individual
documents). A compound document is a storage medium that contains several
discrete documents; it provides the user with a consolidated point where
electronically stored data and information of various formats (such as text,
graphics, video and audio files), can be conveniently stored, organised,
accessed and modified. Examples of compound documents include a computer hard
disk, databases, the internal flash memory of tablet computers (such as iPads)
and smart phones (such as iPhones), and recording media like external hard
drives, USB flash drives and memory cards. There is no question that compound
documents are discoverable “documents” that can be inspected, within the
discovery and inspection regime set out in O 24. This was clearly set out by
the Court in _Alliance Management SA v Pendleton Lane P and another suit_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 343 (“ _Alliance Management_ ”), where it was observed that
(at [10]):

…it bears noting that Vinelott J in _Derby & Co Ltd v Weldon_ (No 9) [1991] 1
WLR 652 ("Derby No 9") concluded that material on a computer database
constituted a "document" within O 24. The word "document" covers "anything
upon which evidence or information is recorded in a manner intelligible to the
senses or capable of being made intelligible by the use of equipment" (see
Singapore Civil Procedure 2003 (G P Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2003) at para
24/1/2). A "document" is defined in s 3(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Rev Ed) as "any matter expressed or described upon any substance by means of
letters, figures or marks or by more than one of those means intended to be
used or which may be used for the purpose of recording that matter". Material
stored on a computer database is within this definition. Yong Pung How CJ in
_Megastar Entertainment Pte Ltd v Odex Pte Ltd_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 91 at [34]
reviewed the definition of "document" in the Evidence Act and other statutes
and, inter alia, concluded that as with the other statutes considered in that
case, the Evidence Act definition of the word "document" was broad enough to
encompass information recorded in an electronic medium or recording device
such as a hard disk drive installed in a desktop or server computer. Put
simply, the concept of "document" embraces the Hard Disk for the purposes of O
24 of the ROC.

51 In a situation where an applicant seeks specific discovery of a compound
document, such as the Toshiba laptop or the Western Digital Hard disk in the
present case, the essential document(s) sought to be discovered is not the
compound document itself (as it serves only as a storage medium), but the
discrete documents found _within_ the compound document. However, the Rules of
Court as they stand do not make any express distinction between a compound
document and discrete documents. O 24 r 5 provides:

Order for discovery of particular documents (O. 24, r. 5)

5.—(1) Subject to Rule 7, the Court may at any time, on the application of any
party to a cause or matter, make an order requiring any other party to make an
affidavit stating whether _any document_ specified or described in the
application or any _class of document_ so specified or described is, or has at
any time been, in his possession, custody or power, and if not then in his
possession, custody or power, when he parted with it and what has become of
it.

(2) An order may be made against a party under this Rule notwithstanding that
the party may already have made or been required to make a list of documents
or an affidavit under Rule 1.

(3) An application for an order under this Rule must be supported by an
affidavit stating the belief of the deponent that the party from whom
discovery is sought under this Rule has, or at some time had, in his
possession, custody or power,  _the document_ , or class of document,
specified or described in the application and that it falls within one of the
following descriptions:

(a) a document on which the party relies or will rely;

(b) a document which could —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case; and

(c) a document which may lead the party seeking discovery of it to a train of
inquiry resulting in his obtaining information which may —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

(4) An order under this Rule shall not be made in any cause or matter in
respect of any party before an order under Rule 1 has first been obtained in
respect of that party, unless, in the opinion of the Court, the order is
necessary or desirable.

52 As the concept of “document” for the purposes of O 24 of the ROC includes
compound documents (see _Alliance Management_ at [10]), the phrase “any
document” in O 24 r 5(1), and “the document” in O 24 r 5(3), refers to the
compound document sought to be discovered. As such, the literal reading of O
24 r 5 would mean that an applicant for specific discovery only has to specify
the compound document (such as the hard disk) sought to be discovered in the
supporting affidavit; there is no express requirement in the Rules to specify
_the classes of_ documents sought for within the compound document. In my
view, just because an application for specific discovery of a compound
document was not made with a specific classification or categorisation of the
discrete documents sought from within the compound document, it does not
_necessarily_ render the application a fishing expedition. The practice of
classifying documents in an application for specific discovery is not an end
to be achieved, in and of itself; such a practice is meant to ensure that
there is _sufficient specificity_ to the application, so as to guide both the
parties and the Court to ensure that the discovery is ordered only for
documents which are relevant and necessary for the disposal of the cause or
matter or for saving costs. As it is, an applicant for specific discovery of
discrete or individual documents can elect whether to specify the documents
sought for _by way of classification_ or not, since O 24 r 5(1) provides:

…make an affidavit stating whether any document specified or described in the
application **_or_** any class of document so specified or described is, or
has at any time been, in his possession, custody or power… [emphasis added in
bold italics].

53 Where specific discovery is sought for compound documents, it _may not
always_ be practical for the applicant to specifically set out each and every
classification of discrete documents sought for, especially where there are
voluminous documents within the compound documents. The benefits of achieving
a certain degree of specificity by classifying documents may not always
outweigh the costs and time expended in doing so when there are voluminous
electronic documents. In this regard, a _pragmatic_ method to achieve a
_meaningful_ degree of specificity would be for parties to describe the
discrete documents sought to be discovered with reference to **keyword search
terms** (as I have ordered so in the present case, see [97] below), as well as
the custodians and repositories to run these search terms on. Parties would
have to accept a necessary degree of risk that some relevant documents would
not be caught by the search terms, while some irrelevant documents would be
caught by the terms. Once parties or the Court has determined the relevance of
the keyword search terms, there would be no further need to review the
relevance of the search results; see _Robin Duane Littau v Astrata (Asia
Pacific) Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 61 at [32]; while the party’s discovery
obligation is fulfilled (subject to all the requirements set out in the Rules
of Court) once the search has been carried out with the keyword searches; see
_Sanae Achar v Sci-Gen Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 87 at [23].

54 It should be evident from the discussion above that there is no fixed
method to ensure that the description of discrete documents (within the
compound document) is made with sufficient specificity, in an application for
compound documents. Indeed, just because an application for specific discovery
is made with a classification of the documents sought for, it does not mean
that that application will not be a fishing expedition. As in the decision of
_Wright Norman_ , the application for a further and better list of documents
was dismissed as the _classification_ of documents was _too wide_. In this
regard, whether the description of discrete documents within a compound
document is made with _sufficient specificity_ depends on the merits of each
case. In the present case, I have already set out at [27] above the _specific_
discrete documents that the plaintiff is seeking for from the devices and I am
convinced that the plaintiff’s application is made with sufficient
specificity. I should add that there can be no excuse from the first defendant
that it was unclear what were the discrete documents sought for, given that
the plaintiff’s position with regard to the specific discrete documents at
[27] above has been set out in the course of submissions before me, as well as
at paras [17] – [40] of Tay’s affidavit dated 18 January 2011, read with paras
[21]-[22] of the plaintiff’s written submissions and para [27] of Tay’s
affidavit dated 22 August 2011.

55 It is convenient to add at this juncture an observation. The lack of a
distinction between compound documents and discrete documents in the present
Rules of Court, correspond with the lack of an express requirement that an
applicant must seek discovery of the discrete documents inside the compound
documents, either before or at the same time when the applicant seeks specific
discovery of the compound document. As a matter of _practical necessity_ , I
am of the view that this should be the practice notwithstanding the present
lack of such an express requirement. After all, as stated above (at [51]), the
_essential_ “document” sought to be discovered is not the compound document
itself, but the discrete documents within the compound document. (I add here
parenthetically, that this is not an issue in the present case as both sides
have proceeded on the basis that the devices are sought to be discovered for
the purposes of inspecting and searching for relevant discrete files within
the devices).

56 The first defendant’s counsel, had, in addition, submitted that (at [29] of
the written submissions) the plaintiff cannot be allowed to trawl through the
entire devices to fish for evidence. This contention properly belongs to the
question of whether an inspection protocol should be implemented, which is
dealt with in the succeeding section.

The implementation of an inspection protocol for inspection of compound
documents (including computer databases, electronic media and recording
devices)

57 Although the plaintiff acknowledges that an application for inspection of
computer databases, electronic media and recording devices should generally
include an inspection protocol (see plaintiff’s written submissions at [35]),
the plaintiff submits that it should be allowed to inspect the devices in
their entirety, as keyword searches are unlikely to effectively capture
relevant information, such as drawings (see p 90 – 91 of Tay’s affidavit dated
22 August 2011) and image files (see p 95 of Tay’s affidavit dated 22 August
2011). Plaintiff’s counsel reiterated the same in the course of submissions
before me.

58 The analysis of whether a protocol _is required_ for the inspection of
compound documents (including computer databases, electronic media and
recording devices) would be slightly different, depending on whether parties
have agreed to “opt-in” to Part IVA of the Supreme Court Electronic Practice
Directions, also known as the Practice Direction No 3 of 2009 (“PD 3/2009”).
Where parties have agreed, either expressly or tacitly by conduct, to apply PD
3/2009 to their discovery and inspection proceedings, the requirement for an
inspection protocol is **_mandatory_** for all applications for inspection
under O 24 r 11(2). This is provided in paragraph 43F of PD 3/2009 which
states:

43F. Inspection of electronically stored documents

…

Inspection of computer databases and electronic media or recording devices

…

(5) Where an application under Order 24, Rule 11(2) is made for the inspection
of computer databases, electronic media or recording devices for which
discovery has been given, the party seeking inspection **_shall_** include in
his application an inspection protocol, which may take the form found in
Appendix E Part 2, in order to ensure that the party entitled to inspection
has access only to electronic documents that are necessary and **_is not
allowed to trawl through the entire_** database, electronic media or recording
device.

(6) Upon the hearing of an application for an order for the inspection of
computer databases, electronic media or recording devices, the Court shall
have regard to the matters set forth in paragraph 43D. The Court shall have
the power to review the adequacy of an inspection protocol and may make such
order or give such direction as it thinks fit, for the just, expeditious and
economical disposal of the cause or matter.

[emphasis added in bold italics].

59 Where parties have agreed not to (or not agreed to, depending on the
situation) apply PD 3/2009, then, in the situation where _general discovery_
is concerned, it has already been clarified by the Court in _Deutsche Bank AG
v Chang Tse Wen and others_ [2010] SGHC 125 at [15] – [16] (“ _Deutsche Bank_
”), that the Court’s powers to order compliance with a _discovery protocol_ is
not fettered by the parties’ decision not to opt in to PD 3/2009:

15 It is not disputed that the court has powers to order compliance with a
protocol where one is necessary. Protocols are no more than procedures
intended to guide conduct of parties; and an electronic discovery protocol is
no more than a label applied to a protocol for the discovery of electronically
stored documents which parties agree to for the purpose of conducting general
discovery. In the context of electronic discovery, a protocol will set out the
procedures for, _inter alia_ , safeguards against unauthorised trawling (see
above, _Alliance Management SA v Pendelton Lane P_), inspection of electronic
documents and provision of copies of discoverable electronic documents (see
above, _Fermin Aldabe v Standard Chartered Bank_). Bearing in mind that the
court already has the power to order that parties comply with a protocol, I do
not think that the construction of paragraph 43B(3) put forth by the Plaintiff
should be adopted. To do so would amount to saying that whereas before PD
3/2009 was issued, the court could make an order for parties to comply with a
protocol during discovery, it can no longer do so now in a situation where
parties cannot agree to adopt one. This tantamounts to elevating PD 3/2009 to
a rule-making function with the effect of removing the court’s power to order
compliance with a protocol in a situation where there is no pre-existing
agreement between parties to adopt one…

16 I prefer the construction put forth by the Defendant. PD 3/2009 in effect
establishes a procedure whereby parties are required to make attempts to
collaborate in good faith by engaging in discussions of electronic discovery
issues before an application may be made under paragraph 43B. The opt-in
nature of PD 3/2009 allows both parties to agree not to apply these procedures
whether expressly or tacitly by conduct. Where one party wishes to make an
application under PD 3/2009, he must comply with the procedures set forth
therein and he must support his application with an affidavit providing an
account of efforts made in good faith collaboration as well as include a draft
electronic discovery protocol with his application. This construction does not
subtract from the court’s power to order compliance with a protocol when
discovery of electronically stored documents is ordered. It also gives effect
to the opt-in nature of PD 3/2009: unlike other practice directions which
apply to all cases, PD 3/2009 applies either on mutual agreement of parties or
when one party opts into the electronic discovery framework by making an
application thereunder.

The Rebuttable Presumption that an Inspection Protocol is necessary for
inspection of compound documents

60 Following from the holding in _Deutsche Bank_ , it is evident that, as the
Court’s _powers_ to order compliance with a protocol is _not derived_ from PD
3/2009, but is _independent_ of it, it follows that the parties’ agreement not
to adopt PD 3/2009 poses no fetter on this power to order a protocol. The
power to order a protocol would come to the fore in situations when _compound
documents_ are sought to be _inspected_. As compound documents would, by their
nature as storage media, contain voluminous documents, it is likely that a
significant amount of irrelevant documents may be inspected in order to obtain
a relatively smaller amount of relevant documents. Further, a review of the
compound document _in its entirety_ would, more often than not, be intrusive
and prejudicial to the interest of the party giving discovery in protecting
his confidential and privileged information. Sufficient safeguards have to be
implemented to prevent the requesting party from abusing the discovery and
inspection regime to gain collateral advantages that are extraneous to the
purposes of the litigation at hand (for example, to obtain commercially
valuable and sensitive documents in the compound document, where the
requesting party and the producing party are business competitors). In
essence, where a compound document is found to be indirectly relevant and
hence discoverable, that does not entitle the applicant to an _ipso facto_
right to inspect the _whole_ of the compound document. Barring an
_exceptional_ case, it cannot be said that _all_ the discrete documents within
the compound document are relevant and necessary to resolve the pleaded
issues. As such, it would ordinarily be necessary for the Court to set
parameters for the inspection and review of compound documents. To that end,
in so far as inspection of compound documents is concerned, there is a
_rebuttable presumption_ that an inspection protocol is necessary to govern
the process in which the inspection and searches will be carried out. The
effect of this presumption is two-fold; first, the _practical_ application of
such a presumption would mean that an inspection protocol in the form of
Appendix E, Part 2 of PD 3/2009 **_will be implemented for all_** inspection
of compound documents unless otherwise ordered by the Court (this necessarily
includes the processes following from inspection, such as forensic examination
of the compound document); second, the burden is on the party seeking
inspection of the compound document to convince the Court why an inspection
protocol in the form of Appendix E, Part 2 of PD 3/2009, should not be
ordered.

61 The _juridical_ basis of this presumption is grounded upon the three
principles which are indisputably integral to our law of Discovery: that of
relevancy, necessity and proportionality. The implementation of a protocol is
meant to ensure, _as far as is practicable_ , that the inspection and review
of the compound document is carried out to the extent where only discrete
documents (within the compound document) that are relevant and necessary for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs are searched,
reviewed, and obtained; the applicant is not _entitled_ to anything beyond
that extent. The protocol would also ensure that the scope of inspection is
_proportionate_ to the time expended and the costs involved in inspecting the
documents; this is especially important given that the default position for
costs as set out in paragraph 43I of PD 3/2009 mandates that the costs of
inspection shall generally be borne by the party giving discovery. Indeed, the
Court in _Alliance Management_ was alive to the need to ensure that discovery
is proportionate, where it was observed that (at [19]):

There is a distinction between the court's power to order discovery of
information contained in the Hard Disk and its discretion to order production
for the purposes of inspection. This crucial distinction was captured
succinctly by Vinelott J [in _Derby & Co Ltd v Weldon_ (No 9) [1991] 1 WLR
652] at 652:

… the discretion to order production for inspection and copying would not be
exercised so as to give unrestricted access to the other party's computer, and
inspection would be ordered only to the extent that the party seeking it could
satisfy the court that it was necessary for disposing fairly of the cause or
matter or for saving costs. [emphasis added]

First, it is clear from the passage quoted above that the burden is on the
requesting party to establish that inspection of the documents is necessary
for disposing fairly the cause or matter, or for saving costs. Second, and
this follows from the first proposition, the inquiry in respect of the
production of the documents for inspection is a far more intricate one
involving judicial balancing of the competing interests of the parties; ie,
the requesting party's right to reasonable access to documents that are
necessary to conduct his case without unduly burdening the other party in
terms of time and expense and to prevent unauthorised "trawling" through the
database. A protocol has to be put in place to ensure that the requesting
party only has access to inspect documents that are found to be necessary for
the conduct of his case and is not allowed to trawl through the entire
database on the guise of an inspection order.

62 Although the holding in _Alliance Management_ that a protocol should be
implemented was made on the facts of that case, the basis on which the Court
came to that decision, which is that of ensuring that the inspection is
proportionate, would arguably apply to the general situation whenever
inspection is sought of a compound document. At this juncture, it is
profitable to explore the position taken in other jurisdictions concerning the
extent to which inspection of compound documents are allowed.

A survey across different jurisdictions

The USA

63 The need to impose safeguards to limit the scope of inspection of compound
documents, in maintaining proportionate discovery, is evident in other
jurisdictions. The judicial attitude in _Alliance Management_ is aligned with
that expressed in the US decisions, where a consistent approach has been
adopted in implementing some protocols and limitations when compound documents
are sought to be inspected. This is seen in the case of _In Re Ford Motor
Company_ , 345 F. 3d 1315 (11th Cir. 2003), where the US Court of Appeals
(Eleventh Circuit) set aside the inspection order granted by the District
Court for the Northern District of Alabama (the inspection order was granted
to the plaintiff to inspect Ford Motor’s _databases_ to search for technical
information of seatbelt buckles in vehicles manufactured by Ford Motor) on,
_inter alia_ , _the ground that there were no (as there should have been)
protocols imposed_ to restrict the scope of inspection. Having accepted Ford
Motor’s argument that the plaintiff should not be granted “ _free access_ to
the databases regardless of relevance, privilege or confidentiality”, the
Court of Appeals held, in setting aside the inspection order (at [10]):

…in its order, the district court granted [the plaintiff] unlimited, direct
access to Ford’s databases. **_The district court established no protocols for
the search_**. The court did not even designate search terms to restrict the
search. Without constraints, the order grants [the plaintiff] access to
information that would not and should not otherwise be discoverable…[emphasis
added in bold italics].

64 In the recent decision of _Lorentz v Sunshine Health Products., Inc_., 2010
WL 1856265 (S.D. Fla. May 10, 2010), the Court found that a request to inspect
a computer hard drive and a database in their entirety was “per se overboard
and unduly burdensome _when balanced against_ the need [for inspection]”. The
Court emphasized upon the need to implement a **_protocol_** to obtain data in
a measured manner (at [2]):

If a showing can be made that a particular hard drive should be inspected for
relevant data by an expert computer technician, _with a protocol for obtaining
relevant data in a manner that protects other non-responsive data_ , then the
Court can grant such relief [the request for inspection] if the showing was
compelling enough.

65 In the case of _Proctor & Gamble Co. v Haugen_, 179 F.R.D. 622, D Utah,
1998, where Proctor & Gamble (“P&G”) sued its competitors for spreading
defamatory rumours about its products and obtained an order to inspect one of
the defendant’s computer databases for documents that would contain
potentially defamatory information; the Court decided (at Part D) that
**_limitations_** would have to be placed on the **_scope_** of inspection, to
prevent P&G from obtaining “general commercial or competitive information”, or
a volume of documentation that “would be so extensive as to render the search
unwieldy for any purpose legitimately within the current framework of the
litigation”.

66 In another recent decision, _Covad Communications Company v Revonet, Inc_.,
258 F.R.D. 5 (D.D.C. 2009), the plaintiff employer sued an agent company (“the
agent”) on the allegation that it expropriated information that belonged to
the employer. The employer obtained the Court’s sanction to inspect the
agent’s computer database and servers to search for commercial information
that allegedly belonged to the employer which was allegedly forwarded to
third-party customers. When the parties failed to reach an agreement on the
implementation of an _inspection protocol_ of the database and computer
servers (as the agent refused to accept the protocol proposed by the employer,
which had included the requirement to do a forensic imaging of the database
and servers), the Court exercised its discretion _to impose one_ , in the
interest to save the time and costs required for inspection. In particular,
the Court was of the view that the inspection protocol, which required the
taking of a forensic imaging of the agent’s database and servers, would ensure
that the inspection is carried out more expeditiously and is less intrusive to
the agent’s daily business operations; the Court further implemented in the
protocol limitations to the inspection and searches to reduce undue burden on
the defendant agent:

The expense associated with taking a forensic image is small compared with the
cost of the forensic search itself and provides both parties and the Court
with the best possible present depository of the crucial information in the
database. The process [of forensic imaging] is obviously not as time consuming
as the forensic search itself and lessens some of the cost of forensic
searching since the search can be done off-site rather than on the premises
housing the severs or computers. Any interference with business operations
will be insignificant because I will require the searching to be done over a
weekend…Creating a forensic image is no more burdensome than using the server
for everyday business activities and may ultimately benefit [the defendant
agent] by creating a forensic record of its data before it uploads its data
onto new servers…For those reasons, [the defendant agent] shall permit [the
computer expert] to make forensic images of [the database and servers]…

…

The searches will be done on copies of the forensic images, so the servers
themselves will not be affected after the initial copies are made. The search
will be conducted on the weekend and concerns about confidentiality can be
easily alleviated through a protective order.

…while the issues at stake in this commercial controversy may be of no
interest to anyone but these litigants, they still have a right to its _speedy
and just conclusion_ , which, in my view, will be advanced by the forensic
imaging.

[emphasis added]

67 The decisions of the US courts to impose limitations on the scope of
inspection manifest the application of the principle of proportionality set
out in Rule 26(b)(2)(C) of the US Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, a rule
which vests the Courts with the power to limit the extent of discovery, when
the burden and expense of discovery outweigh the likely benefits; see _Bayer
AG v Betachem, Inc_., 173 F.3d 188, 191 (3rd Cir. 1999). Rule 26(b)(2)(C)
provides:

On motion or on its own, the court _must limit the frequency or extent of
discovery_ otherwise allowed by these rules or by local rule if it determines
that:

(i) the discovery sought is unreasonably cumulative or duplicative, or can be
obtained from some other source that is more convenient, less burdensome, or
less expensive;

(ii) the party seeking discovery has had ample opportunity to obtain the
information by discovery in the action; or

(iii) _the burden or expense of the proposed discovery outweighs its likely
benefit, considering the needs of the case, the amount in controversy, the
parties' resources, the importance of the issues at stake in the action, and
the importance of the discovery in resolving the issues_.

[emphasis added]

68 Describing Rule 26(b)(2)(C) as a “rule of proportionality”, the Court in
_Bowers v National Collegiate Athletic Association_ No. 97-2600 (D.N.J. Feb.
27, 2008) at 14 (quoting _Leksi, Inc. v Fed. Ins. Co_., 129 F.R.D. 99, 105
(D.N.J. 1989)) held that the purpose of this rule is to “guard against
redundant or _disproportionate discovery_ by giving the court authority to
_reduce_ the amount of discovery that may be directed to matters that are
otherwise proper subjects of inquiry” [emphasis added]. In addition, Rule
26(c) of the US Federal Rules of Civil Procedure provides the a _second tier_
of safeguards, where, if sufficient cause is shown that there is a need to
protect the producing party from “undue burden or expense”, or to protect the
disclosure of confidential information and commercial and trade secrets, the
Court can grant a _protective order_ to reduce the scope of discovery and
inspection; see _Robotic Parking Systems, Inc. v City of Hoboken_ , 2010 WL
324524 (D.N.J., Jan 19, 2010).

England

69 Although the statutory framework in England is different from that in the
US, the common feature remains the principle of proportionality. Indeed, this
principle is now entrenched as the _overriding principle_ in England’s
disclosure regime, and applies not only to inspection, but also to “standard
disclosure”, which is the English modified version of our general discovery
rule in O 24 r 1. Paragraph 2 of Practice Direction Part 31A of the Civil
Procedure Rules (“CPR Pt 31A”) provides:

The extent of the search which must be made will depend upon the circumstances
of the case including, in particular, the factors referred to in rule 31.7(2).
_The parties should bear in mind the overriding principle of proportionality_
(see rule 1.1(2)(c)). It may, for example, be reasonable to decide not to
search for documents coming into existence before some particular date, or to
limit the search to documents in some particular place or places, or to
documents falling into particular categories. [emphasis added]

70 In England, the duty of a party giving standard disclosure is not make a
search of documents in their entirety; the duty is limited only to making a
_reasonable search_ , as provided in Rule 31.7 of the Civil Procedure Rules
(“CPR”). Parties are expressly required to bear in mind the overriding
objective to achieve proportionate discovery in determining extent of search
of electronic documents; where paragraphs 20 to 24 of Practice Direction Part
31B of the Civil Procedure Rules provide:

The reasonable search

20\. The extent of the _reasonable search_ required by rule 31.7 for the
purposes of standard disclosure is affected by the existence of Electronic
Documents. The extent of the search which must be made will depend on the
circumstances of the case including, in particular, the factors referred to in
rule 31.7(2). _The parties should bear in mind that the overriding objective
includes dealing with the case in ways which are proportionate_.

21\. The factors that may be relevant in deciding the reasonableness of a
search for Electronic Documents include (but are not limited to) the following
–

(1) the number of documents involved;

(2) the nature and complexity of the proceedings;

(3) the ease and expense of retrieval of any particular document. This
includes:

(a) the accessibility of Electronic Documents including e-mail communications
on computer systems, servers, back-up systems and other electronic devices or
media that may contain such documents taking into account alterations or
developments in hardware or software systems used by the disclosing party
and/or available to enable access to such documents;

(b) the location of relevant Electronic Documents, data, computer systems,
servers, back-up systems and other electronic devices or media that may
contain such documents;

(c) the likelihood of locating relevant data;

(d) the cost of recovering any Electronic Documents;

(e) the cost of disclosing and providing inspection of any relevant Electronic
Documents; and

(f) the likelihood that Electronic Documents will be materially altered in the
course of recovery, disclosure or inspection;

(4) the availability of documents or contents of documents from other sources;
and

(5) the significance of any document which is likely to be located during the
search.

22\. Depending on the circumstances, it may be reasonable to search all of the
parties' electronic storage systems, or to search only some part of those
systems. For example, it may be reasonable to decide not to search for
documents coming into existence before a particular date, or to limit the
search to documents in a particular place or places, or to documents falling
into particular categories.

23\. In some cases a staged approach may be appropriate, with disclosure
initially being given of limited categories of documents. Those categories may
subsequently be extended or limited depending on the results initially
obtained.

[emphasis added]

71 Once the documents are disclosed by way of standard disclosure, the
applicant has the right to inspect the documents unless they are no longer in
the control of the producing party, or if the producing party has the right or
duty to withhold inspection (Rule 31.3, CPR). Where the applicant is of the
view that the standard disclosure is inadequate, an application for specific
disclosure and specific inspection can be made, including that under the
“train of inquiry” limb (see Rule 31.13, CPR, and paragraph 5.1 to 5.5, PD Pt
31A). The producing party can state its objection to the inspection on the
ground that to do so would be _disproportionate to the issues in the case_
(Rule 31.3(2), CPR):

(2) Where a party considers that it would be _disproportionate to the issues
in the case_ to permit inspection of documents within a category or class of
document disclosed under rule 31.6(b) –

(a) he is not required to permit inspection of documents within that category
or class; but

(b) he must state in his disclosure statement that inspection of those
documents will not be permitted _on the grounds that to do so would be
disproportionate_.

72 In perhaps one of the most well-known judicial observations made on the
principle of proportionality, it was said in _Digicel (St Lucia) Ltd v Cable
and Wireless plc_ [2008] EWHC 2522 (ch), [2008] All ER (D) 226 (Ch) (“
_Digicel_ ”) that (per Justice Morgan at [46]):

…it must be remembered that what is generally required by an order for
standard disclosure is a “reasonable search” for relevant documents. Thus, the
rules do not require that no stone should be left unturned. This may mean that
a relevant document, even “a smoking gun” is not found. This attitude is
justified by considerations of proportionality.

73 The Courts have taken a robust attitude in ensuring that the scope of the
search remains reasonable and proportionate. In clarifying that the task of
ensuring the scope of the search is reasonable remains within the province of
the Court, notwithstanding a solicitor’s informed decision that the search was
indeed so, it was observed that (_Digicel_ at [51]):

It is right that the decision as to what is a reasonable search rests in the
first instance with the solicitor in charge of the disclosure exercise.
However, the Practice Direction makes clear that some parts at least of the
process ought to be discussed with the opposing solicitor with a view to
achieving agreement so as to eliminate, or at any rate reduce, the risk of
later dispute. If a solicitor, whose decision as to what is a reasonable
search is later challenged on a specific disclosure application, the Court may
well be influenced, in the solicitor's favour, if it sees that the solicitor
was very fully informed as to the issues arising in the case, and had made a
fully considered decision applying all the factors in Rule 31.7 and paragraph
2A.4 of the Practice Direction. However, even if the Court can, in a proper
case, be favourably influenced by the diligence and conscientiousness of an
individual solicitor, in my judgment, the task of deciding what is required by
a reasonable search is a task given to the Court by the wording of the Rules.
This task can be carried out by the Court either in advance of the search
being done or with hindsight, where a search has been carried out and its
extent is challenged by the other party.

74 The well-known “smoking gun” reference made in _Digicel_ (at [46]), is to
some extent inspired by (as credited by Justice Morgan himself at [46] of
_Digicel_) the illuminating but not wholly uncontroversial observations made
by Lord Justice Jacob in _Nichia Corporation v Argos Limited_ [2007] EWCA Civ
741 at [50] – [51] (“ _Nichia Corporation_ ”):

There is more to be said about the change to standard disclosure and indeed to
the express introduction of proportionality into the rules of procedure.
"Perfect justice" in one sense involves a tribunal examining every conceivable
aspect of a dispute. All relevant witness and all relevant documents need to
be considered. And each party must be given a full opportunity of considering
everything and challenging anything it wishes. No stone, however small, should
remain unturned. Even the adversarial system at its most expensive in this
country has not gone that far. For instance we do not include the evidence of
a potentially material witness if neither side calls him or her. Nor do we
allow pre-trial oral disclosure from all potential witnesses as is (or at
least was) commonly the practice in the US.

But a system which sought such "perfect justice" in every case would actually
defeat justice. The cost and time involved would make it impossible to decide
all but the most vastly funded cases. The cost of nearly every case would be
greater than what it is about. Life is too short to investigate everything in
that way. So a compromise is made: one makes do with a lesser procedure even
though it may result in the justice being rougher. Putting it another way,
better justice is achieved by risking a little bit of injustice.

75 Such a robust judicial attitude in ensuring that the discovery is
proportionate, and the scope of search remains reasonable, has transposed into
a cautious attitude in granting inspection and searches of _compound_
documents; as can be seen in the decision of _Fiddes v Channel 4 TV
Corporation and another_ [2010] EWCA Civ 516, where the Court of Appeal
dismissed an application to inspect the defendant’s IT system’s backup tapes
in search for relevant emails and email attachments, on the ground that the
costs and burden of the search and inspection would be disproportionate to the
likely benefits, especially where the issues can be resolved on the
contemporaneous (hardcopy) documents (at [19], endorsing the observations of
the High Court at [20] – [21]) :

… it is a matter of great concern that the costs of this libel action should
have reached the figures that they have. By reference to that figure, Mr
Sherborne for the appellant is able to say that a sum of the order of £10,000
is hardly significant. Indeed, as I observed in the course of submissions, it
may well be that the cost of this application exceed that figure, but that is
not the right approach. On that basis, there would be little ground for
attempting to limit costs in libel actions at all... On any view, the total
cost of this action illustrate the general public concern as to the cost of
libel actions. …

... In this case, it is a matter of speculation whether the search that he
requests I order would produce anything relevant, and if it did, whether it
would help the Claimant's case or undermine it. _There will undoubtedly be
cases where retrieving and searching back up tapes will be a proportionate
exercise in a libel action. But in this case, it seems to me, that the issues
in the action will be most likely to be resolved on the contemporaneous
documents_ that have been disclosed and the oral evidence of the Claimant and
third Defendant, if the case gets that far.

[emphasis added]

76 In _Albert John Martin Abela and others v Hammonds Suddards and others_ HC
07C00250 (ChD, 2008), where the plaintiff applied to inspect and search the
fifth defendant’s personal computer, as well as the first defendant’s computer
database, servers, and archived tapes to obtain relevant emails and email
attachments, the Court (at [122]) imposed a set of protocols to limit the
extent of search and inspection; such as, reducing the period (date range of
documents) covered by the search, limiting the search only to files that have
a direct bearing on the material issues in dispute, allowing searches of
backup tapes from particular points in time only, and disallowing the
application to restore the first defendant’s entire email database.

77 In one of earlier decisions before the standard disclosure regime was
introduced into the CPR, and when the principle of proportionality was _not
expressly stated_ in the Rules, Vinelott J was already acutely aware of the
need to limit inspection of compound documents to the extent where it is
necessary to do so, in _Derby & Co Ltd v Weldon (No 9)_ [1991] 1 W.L.R. 652,
when, in considering the extent of inspection allowed of a computer database,
it was observed that (at p 652, 659 – 659):

…the defendants were not entitled to unrestricted access to [the] computer
database (so far as the information recorded on it is relevant to the issues
in the action and does not fall within the scope of any privilege from
production). The court has a discretion as to the extent to which inspection
and copying of documents disclosed on discovery is to be permitted …

…Even when the relevant material is on-line and capable of being shown on
screen or print out, some means will have to be found of screening out
irrelevant or privileged material. The party seeking discovery cannot be
allowed simply to seat himself at his opponent's computer console and be
provided with all necessary access keys…

…the court has a discretion whether to order production and inspection and
that the burden is on the party seeking inspection to satisfy the court that
it is necessary for disposing fairly of the case or cause or matter or for
saving costs. At that point the court will have to consider, if necessary in
the light of expert evidence, what information is or can be made available,
how far it is necessary for there to be inspection or copying of the original
document (the database) or whether the provision of printouts or hard copy is
sufficient, and what safeguards should be incorporated to avoid damage to the
database and to minimise interference with everyday use if inspection is
ordered.

Canada

78 The Sedona Canada Principles (_the Sedona Principles_), which consolidates
a number of principles and best practices on electronic discovery, was
released in January 2008 amidst a “growing recognition throughout Canada that
electronically stored information poses new problems and complications for
litigants, their counsel, and the judiciary” (see Foreword of _the Sedona
Principles_). As with the US and England, there is an overriding emphasis on
the principle of proportionality, which applies to “any proceedings”
undertaken in the whole discovery process. As Principle 2 provides (arguably
the _first_ principle of the _Sedona Principles_ given that Principle 1
relates to the technical aspects of what is discoverable):

In any proceeding, the parties should ensure that steps taken in the discovery
process are proportionate, taking into account (i) the nature and scope of the
litigation, including the importance and complexity of the issues, interest
and amounts at stake; (ii) the relevance of the available electronically
stored information; (iii) its importance to the court’s adjudication in a
given case; and (iv) the costs, burden and delay that may be imposed on the
parties to deal with electronically stored information.

79 Describing this Principle as a “rule of proportionality”, the commentary to
this Principle (see p 11 of _the Sedona Principles_) makes the following
caution:

The widespread use of computers and the internet has created vast amounts of
electronically stored information, making the cost and burden of discovery
exponentially greater than it was in the “paper” world…Litigants should take a
practical and efficient approach to electronic discovery, and should ensure
that the burden of discovery remains proportionate to the issues, interests,
and money at stake. Without a measured approach, overwhelming electronic
discovery costs may prevent the fair resolution of litigation disputes.

80 The Sedona Principles (2nd ed) reminds the Courts and parties, that in
determining the proportionate extent of discovery and inspection to be given,
a _broader_ perspective of “costs” should be adopted, in order to have a
fuller understanding of the burdens involved in the whole discovery and
inspection process (Comment 2b.):

Costs [of discovery and inspection] cannot be calculated solely in terms of
the expense of computer technicians to retrieve the data[,] but must factor in
other litigation costs, including the interruption and disruption of routine
business processes and the costs of reviewing the information. Moreover,
burdens on information technology personnel and the resources required to
review documents for relevance, privilege, confidentiality and privacy should
be considered in any calculus of whether to allow discovery [and inspection],
and if so, under what terms….Evaluating the need to produce electronically
stored information often requires that a balance be struck between the burdens
and need for electronically stored information, taking into account the
technological feasibility and realistic costs involved.

81 The _Sedona Principles_ have greatly influenced the rules of electronic
discovery across the provinces in Canada. For example, an independent set of
rules dedicated to e-discovery based on _the Sedona Principles_ were created
in the Nova Scotia jurisdiction, under Rule 16 of the Nova Scotia Annotated
Civil Procedure Rules. The principle of proportionality advocated in the
Sedona Principles is aligned with the Ontario E-Discovery Guidelines released
by the Ontario Bar Association’s Discovery Task Force in 2005, a document that
aims to be a “best practices” manual to address the discovery of electronic
documents. The Guidelines provides that the scope of _search_ must be
reasonable, at at p 10:

The scope of the searches required for relevant electronic data and documents
must be reasonable. It is neither reasonable nor feasible to require that
litigants immediately or always canvass all potential sources of electronic
documents in the course of locating, preserving and producing them in the
recovery process. Some sources may contain largely duplicate documents or
redundant information and data. Others may contain few if any relevant
documents, together with massive amounts of data that is not relevant to the
litigation.

82 Indeed, Ontario has a robust procedural regime in ensuring that the scope
of inspection of documents remains proportionate. Rule 29.1 of Ontario’s Rules
of Civil Procedure requires parties to agree upon a discovery plan; the Model
Discovery Plan released by the Ontario e-Discovery implementation committee
provides a section (at paragraph 9) for parties to confer and agree upon the
parameters of any search required to be done, based on categories such as the
geographical location of the electronically stored information, the custodian,
the specific compound document (the data storage system), the file type, date
range, and search terms to be agreed by parties. Parties can state at
paragraph 9.1 the parameters which they were unable to agree upon, and place
it before the Court for directions. In addition, Part V of the Ontario
annotated e-Discovery checklist requires parties to decide upon the reviewing
software required to undertake the search; the suggested software includes
culling software to filter out irrelevant documents, de-duplication software
to reduce time and costs of the search, and litigation case management
software tools to code and segregate records as relevant, irrelevant or
privileged. Paragraph 6 and 7 of Part V requires parties to review the
documents for relevance and privilege, as well to redact, where appropriate,
privileged or confidential documents. Furthermore, parties are required to use
the Proportionality Chart (Document Production), a standard form that parties
are required to fill in, which includes a description on the relative
importance and complexity of the legal issues involved, and the relief sought
(the Model Discovery Plan, annotated e-Discovery checklist, and
Proportionality Chart can be found in
http://www.oba.org/En/publicaffairs_en/E-Discovery/model_precedents.aspx).

83 In line with such best practices and procedural regime to keep discovery
and inspection proportionate, the Canadian Courts have shown a consistently
reserved approach towards allowing the inspection of compound documents in
their entirety. In Ontario, in the case of Dulong v Consumer Packaging Inc.,
(2000) O.J. 161 (Q.L.), (January 21, 2000, Ontario Master), an application to
inspect the defendant’s entire computer database to search for relevant emails
was dismissed by the Court on the ground that “having regard to the extent of
the defendant’s business operations, [the inspection and search would] be such
a massive undertaking as to be oppressive”.

84 In a landmark decision by the Alberta Court of Appeal, in _Innovative
Health Group Inc. v Calgary Health Region_ , 2008 ABCA 219, the Court, in
setting aside the case management judge’s decision to have the plaintiff’s
computer hard drives to be produced for inspection in its entirety, held that
it will take an exceptional case for a compound document (such as a hard
drive) to be produced for inspection _in specie_ ; and further held that even
if a compound document was produced for inspection, there must be sufficient
safeguards imposed to limit the scope of inspection allowed to prevent the
disclosure of irrelevant material (at [33], [38], [39] and [41]):

A computer hard drive is a computer disc, with a large storage capacity, upon
which information is stored. It is, however, a mixed storage facility that
contains such things as program files, metadata, and enabling software that
allows the computer to run and to interpret the encoded data. By its very
nature, therefore, a computer hard drive will inevitably contain a good deal
of stored data that is neither relevant nor material to the lawsuit. Moreover,
due to the ubiquitous nature of computers in modern society, the hard drive
will often have a great deal of information or data stored upon it that is not
only irrelevant and immaterial to the lawsuit, but information that is private
or confidential and ought not to be produced. It follows that it will be an
exceptional case when a computer hard drive is producible in specie.

…

A computer hard drive, being a mixed storage facility, like a diary, is not
producible _in specie_.

…

I acknowledge there may be cases where it is appropriate for a judge to order
production of an entire hard drive for inspection…

…in circumstances where … the court deems it appropriate to order production
of a hard drive, _measures should be taken to protect disclosure of irrelevant
and immaterial information which the producing party objects to produce_.
Although litigation confidentiality exists, many times that will not be
sufficient to protect personal, confidential and private material. A judge
should always hear representations as to how information that is neither
material nor relevant can be protected from exposure, and frame any production
order in the least intrusive manner. [emphasis added]

85 The same cautious attitude towards producing compound documents for
inspection in its entirety is observed in the province of British Columbia. In
_Park v Mullen_ , 2005 BCSC 1813, the defendant’s application to inspect the
plaintiff’s personal computers and laptops in their entirety was dismissed by
the Supreme Court of British Columbia as the burden of such inspection
outweighs its likely benefits, in view that the documents sought from the
devices “would have little, if any, probative value” (see paragraph [24]). In
_Baldwin Janzen Insurance Services (2004) Ltd. v Janzen_ , 2006 BCSC 554, the
plaintiff’s application for the defendant’s hard disk drives to be produced in
their entirety for the production of mirror image copies for forensic analysis
was dismissed by the Supreme Court of British Columbia, as the Court was of
the view that, since there was little evidence that such a process would
result in the finding of relevant material, and in view of the high costs of
such a process; the production of the hard disk drives in their entirety was
not justified (at [36]):

It is not appropriate to order the production of the mirror image HDD [(hard
disk drives)] simply because it exists and because there is interesting
technology that one might apply to it.... Nor is it sufficient that the
plaintiff is willing to pay what would likely be a great deal of money to have
its expert search the HDD, with the cost of the search to be assessed as a
disbursement at the end of the case. Without some indication that the
application of the interesting technology might result in relevant and
previously undisclosed documents … the avoidance of unnecessary and onerous
expense militate against allowing such a search merely because it can be done.

Australia

86 In the clearest signal that the Australian jurisdiction is endorsing the
principle of proportionality in limiting the scope of discovery, the Federal
Court of Australia released Practice Note CM 5 on 1 August 2011 (“CM 5”),
where it provides that (at para [3]):

In determining whether to make any order for discovery, the Court will have
regard to the issues in the case and the order in which they are likely to be
resolved, the resources and circumstances of the parties, the likely benefit
of discovery and the likely cost of discovery and whether that cost is
proportionate to the nature and complexity of the proceeding.

87 Under CM 5, parties are required to satisfy the court on whether the
discovery is necessary to facilitate the just resolution of the proceedings,
and if so, for what purpose is the discovery necessary, and whether the stated
purpose can be achieved by a less expensive means of discovery. At paragraph
2.1 of Practice Note CM 6, parties are required to have regard to limiting the
scope of discovery as far as practicable in order to minimise the time and
costs associated with the identification, analysis and review of documents.

88 The judicial observations on inspection of compound documents, in the case
of _Sony Music Entertainment (Australia) Ltd v University of Tasmania_ [2003]
FCA 532 merit a reference. Sony Music, the copyright owner of a substantial
number of sound recordings, sought an application to discover and inspect the
University of Tasmania’s computer databases and back-up tapes, as well as to
use Encase, a forensic software tool, to search and identify the databases and
tapes for any unauthorised sound recordings. The Federal Court of Australia
emphasized upon an acute problem with compound documents – as the relevant
discrete files, irrelevant discrete files, and privileged and confidential
discrete files, all of them within the compound document, cannot be readily
segregated, there is a huge risk that a huge amount of irrelevant and
privileged discrete files will be recovered along with relevant discrete files
(see [62] and [67]):

The evidence … persuades me that if his techniques, including the application
of EnCase, are used, some relevant material is likely to be recovered but such
recovery will include a great deal of extraneous and irrelevant material, some
of which may be privileged or subject to confidentiality obligations and
cannot be readily segregated.

…

In the case of electronic records such as hard drives, CD ROMs or backup
tapes[,] the evidence does not indicate that there is any possibility of
segregation or "masking out" of information for protection, confidentiality,
privacy or non-disclosure as in the case of hard copy material.

89 In addition, the Federal Court was concerned with ensuring that the
producing party had a proper opportunity to do a privilege review (at [67]):

In the usual discovery process the first stage is that respondents make what
they contend is appropriate discovery on oath and claim privilege or
confidentiality in so doing where this is appropriate. This is usually done
with legal advice and often after consulting other persons as to whether they
seek to claim of privilege or confidentiality. Where an applicant then claims
that full discovery has not been made or that particular or further discovery
is necessary an application can be made to the Court. ... If the procedure
envisaged by the applicants is adopted without any modification, whereby all
documents extracted … are discovered and made available for inspection, this
important process with its protections will be by-passed because there will be
no opportunity to make such claims.

90 Notably, the process of privilege review is provided for in our own
inspection protocol in paragraph 3(b) of Appendix E, Part 2 of the PD 3/2009.
Even though the Australian Federal Court does not have the same, the Court saw
it fit to impose a protocol to govern the inspection process (at [68]):

…the appropriate discovery process in this case should be along the following
lines. First, if an undertaking is given as to strict non-disclosure and
confidentiality by [the applicant], or some other person performing the
exercise referred to in his evidence, then access could be given to all the
preserved records to search using the EnCase program directed to obtaining all
material which can be extracted using that method. Second, [the applicant] or
the person carrying out this exercise, which can be done under the supervision
of the University, should make a copy of the information so extracted and this
should be given to the respondents and their legal representatives. Third,
having regard to that information the respondents should have the opportunity
to seek legal advice and consult with third parties to see if they have any
claims for privilege or confidentiality... Fourth, after such discovery is
given the applicants should be afforded an opportunity to inspect the
documents so discovered.

91 As is evident from the discussion above, the different common law
jurisdictions of the USA, England, Canada and Australia are converging upon a
common meeting point; that of awarding greater emphasis to the principle of
proportionality. Amongst the many specific applications of this principle, the
cases and rules discussed above have shown that there is a clear and
undeniable international trend to restrict inspection of compound documents.
The Courts of various jurisdictions are observed to be reluctant to allow
inspection of compound documents in their entirety, and would not hesitate to
impose safeguards to ensure that the scope of inspection remains proportionate
and reasonable. The position in Singapore would be similar. Indeed, even if
our Order 24 and PD 3/2009 does not _expressly_ endorse the principle of
proportionality (unlike in the US and England as provided in their Rules,
Canada in their best practices guides, and Australia in the practice notes),
that does not mean that the principle of proportionality is applied with any
less vigour in our jurisdiction’s electronic discovery regime (see _Alliance
Management_ , _Sane Achar v Sci-Gen Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 87 at [23]; _Robin Duane
Littau v Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 61 at [17]). In this
regard, the application of the presumption stated at [60] above would be a
clear indication that our jurisdiction too, does give due credence to the
principle of proportionality.

The implementation of an inspection protocol

92 It is important to emphasize that, in implementing an inspection protocol,
Appendix E, Part 2 of PD 3/2009 would only be a **_default_** starting
position which can be customized to suit the precise needs of the specific
case at hand, upon parties’ agreement or the Court’s directions. As emphasized
in _Nichia Corporation_ at [53], the principle of proportionality requires
that the procedure to be adopted be tailored to the size of the dispute. For
instance, in some cases, the inspection may be handled expeditiously with the
use of special software such as de-duplicating software, data sampling
software, or predictive coding software. In other cases, a more basic protocol
would suffice, to ensure that the costs of using the technological tools for
inspection remain proportionate to the amounts at stake in the claim.

93 Although the applicant’s burden to convince the Court that a protocol is
_not_ required will not be discharged easily, there may be instances where a
protocol is not clearly required; for example, where it is undisputed that the
compound document contains only a _handful_ of electronic documents (as the
compound document is newly purchased, for example). In such cases, it would
actually be more costly and time consuming to impose a protocol. A significant
caveat to this however, can be found in _Deutsche Bank_ at [25], where the
Court gave a reminder of instances where forensic examination of a compound
document is required (and hence a protocol is necessary) even where the
documents in the compound document are not voluminous. Another example where a
protocol may not be required is when parties expressly agree that a protocol
is not required. However, this again requires a caveat. The parties’ express
agreement not to implement a protocol is subject to the Court’s oversight; the
Court will be inclined to order a protocol notwithstanding the parties’
agreement not to have one, if the inspection of the whole compound document
_without a protocol_ would impede the expeditious disposal of the matter. It
goes without saying, that the presumption that a protocol is necessary, will
not be rebutted by a _mere assertion_ that the proposed protocol (usually the
one in Appendix E, Part 2), is _unworkable_. In _Louis Vuitton Malletier. S.A.
v Akanoc Solutions, Inc_., 2009 WL 1312898 (N.D. Cal. May 12, 2009) Docket
#124, it was observed that a party’s mere assertion that the proposed
inspection protocol is technically unworkable, without any supporting
evidence, such as an affidavit (or in California, a “declaration”) from a
computer expert, is insufficient to persuade the court that a protocol should
not be implemented (at p 3):

…the current (and ongoing) stumbling block to this discovery is that
defendants continue to insist that producing the ordered material is
impossible. Defence counsel says that he spoke to various forensic experts who
reportedly told him that they did not know of a way to conduct a server search
that “distinguishes between private information and publically [_sic_]
available contents stored on Defendants’ Internet servers”…Defendant, however,
has not provided this court with any expert declarations to aid in the
determination of this motion, and defence counsel’s hearsay pronouncements
about the opinions of unnamed individuals ring hollow…[the] defendants simply
maintain (without proof) that any proposed inspection will be unworkable…

94 In the present case, the parties have not agreed to opt in to PD 3/2009.
The plaintiff submits that the protocol in Appendix E, Part 2 should not be
imposed, and that it should be allowed to inspect the devices in their
entirety, as keyword searches (as imposed by the protocol) are unlikely to
effectively capture relevant information pertaining to the plaintiff’s claim,
such as drawings and image files. In the absence of any technical evidence
from a computer expert to support this mere assertion, I am not convinced that
the plaintiff has sufficient grounds to rebut the presumption that a protocol
is necessary in the present case. There is no excuse for not adducing at the
very least an affidavit from a computer expert to support the plaintiff’s
assertion, in view that the plaintiff has already adduced an affidavit dated
15 September 2011 by Mr Lew Tze Yeong, someone with expertise in computer
forensics to give evidence on some other technical matter (in particular, to
give an interim report on the forensic investigation results done on the
plaintiff’s desktop computer which was formerly used by the first defendant).

95 The fact that there are difficulties in capturing some relevant material
with the use of keyword searches, such as image files and drawings, does not
mean that the need to ensure that the inspection remains proportionate
disappears. Neither does it justify the abandonment of the whole protocol. It
only means that the protocol in Appendix E, Part 2 should be modified to
reduce the chances of missing out on relevant evidence in the form of drawings
and image files. For image files with typewritten words, such as the blueprint
image at p 95 of Tay’s affidavit dated 22 August 2011, where the words
“SENTOSA COVE. BT30-1 MATERIAL LAYOUT PLAN” are typewritten right below the
image, parties can consider the use of Optical Character Recognition
technology (“OCR”) to translate the scanned images, including the typewritten
words, into an encoded text, before conducting the search with keyword search
terms (such as “SENTOSA COVE”) to identify the typewritten words found within
these image files. For image files with handwritten words, and drawings with
handwritten words (such as the ones at pp 90 – 91 of Tay’s affidavit dated 22
August 2011), parties can conduct the necessary search and inspection by way
of a phased approach. For example, in the first phase, the plaintiff can
identify a class of documents containing such drawings by keyword searches;
the identification can be made with the use of several categories, such as the
file name, the file format (image files formats such as FPEG, BMP, TIFF etc),
and the metadata (such as the date range in which the drawings were created,
and/or modified). The search index can be calibrated with the use of one or a
combination these categories. In the second phase, where the search results
are produced from the preliminary search with the use of keyword searches (and
a search engine) framed in accordance with one or a combination of such
categories, the plaintiff can conduct a manual search of this specific set of
search results with the presence of the first defendant or his solicitors.
With regard to the rest of the discrete electronic documents, including emails
and email attachments, there are no objections (as there should not be) to the
use of keyword search terms to recover relevant and necessary discrete files.

Conclusion

96 In my view, Surface Stone’s attempt to inspect and review compound
documents manually, (instead of having a protocol in the form Appendix E, Part
2) to search for relevant and necessary discrete documents, is akin to an
attempt to _sift through_ a sand-pile with one’s _bare hands_ in search for
some precious gems that lay buried within (there are strong grounds to believe
that such “gems” lay within the sand-pile, but parties are _unclear where
exactly within_ the sand-pile are those gems located). In the midst of sifting
through, one’s hopes may be raised every now and then as one touches some
stone-like object, only to find out that they are holding on to dull rocks
when the sand uncovers. To save time and reduce costs, technology in the form
of search engines and keyword search terms act as a filtering mechanism to
sieve out the sand (and dull stones) from the gems necessary for trial. As the
search index is calibrated, and the keyword search terms defined and modified
with further precision to ensure that utmost relevance is achieved as far as
is practicable, the filtering mechanism would in turn become more accurate
such that more gems and less stones are obtained. In this regard, a protocol
in the form of Appendix E, Part 2, would be taken as _necessary_ for _all_
inspection of compound documents, unless it is shown to be otherwise by the
applicant (see [60] – [61] above).

97 For the above reasons, the application for discovery and inspection of the
Toshiba laptop and the Western Digital hard disk is allowed. The application
for discovery and inspection of the iPhone is dismissed. The inspection
protocol in Appendix E, Part 2 of PD 3/2009 shall apply. Parties are to meet
and discuss on (i) the appointment of a joint computer expert and (ii) the
keyword search terms and phrases to be used in the search. Parties shall
attend before me within a week from this decision, (with liberty to apply for
an extension of time if required), to provide an update (and if necessary, to
resolve any disagreement) on (i) and (ii), as well as to propose any
modifications to the inspection protocol if necessary. I will hear parties’
submissions on costs on a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

