Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Allianz Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others _v_ Ma Shoudong and
another  
[2011] SGHC 106

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1158 of 2010/Z  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Niru Pillai (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the appellants;
Shanker Kumar (Hoh Law Corporation) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Allianz Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd and others — Ma Shoudong
and another  
  
29 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 It has been two years since Wang Zeng Ming (“the deceased”) at 21 years of
age passed away on 18 April 2009. The deceased, a national of the People’s
Republic of China, was the son of Ma Shoudong and Wang Jijin (“the
respondents”). The respondents did not have the closure they probably expected
when the Assistant Commissioner for Labour (“the Commissioner”) awarded them
$140,000 (“the Award”) on 28 October 2010 under the Work Injury Compensation
Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for their son’s untimely demise. That
was because the deceased’s employer Singapore Airport Terminal Services
Limited (“SATS”) and its co-insurers Allianz Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and Singapore Aviation and General Insurance Co Pte Ltd (who are the first and
second appellants respectively), chose to appeal against the Award, thereby
prolonging the respondents’ grief. Given China’s one child policy, it was
highly unlikely that the deceased had any siblings. No amount of compensation
let alone the Award, would have consoled the respondents in their
irreplaceable loss if the deceased had been their only child.

2 Since about July 2007, the deceased had worked as a cabin service assistant
for SATS (which is the third appellant in this action). His job was to deliver
food and beverages from the SATS catering building to aeroplanes. On the day
of his death, the deceased was working with a colleague Lee Keok Chuan
(“Lee”). The pair made deliveries to two aeroplanes. For the third delivery
which was to a bigger aeroplane than to the first two aeroplanes, the pair
loaded about 3 – 4 containers and 8 – 10 oven racks onto trolleys. Each
container and oven rack weighed up to 25 kilograms. The trolleys were then
wheeled to, and loaded onto a nearby delivery truck. The pair subsequently
accompanied the delivery truck to the aeroplane and assisted in the unloading
of the trolleys. The entire delivery took around 1½ hours. After completing
the delivery, the deceased went to the designated resting area for a short
break. At around 7.45pm he vomited and collapsed. An ambulance promptly
arrived to take him to the hospital but he was pronounced dead at 8.50pm.

3 The issue before the Commissioner was whether the death had been caused by
an accident that arose out of and in the course of the deceased’s employment
pursuant to s 3(1) of the Act; the Commissioner held that it was and
accordingly made the Award.

4 It was common ground between the parties that the deceased had the
congenital condition of Myocardial Bridging, where the coronary arteries
tunnel into the muscle of the heart instead of resting on top of it at the
endocardium. The respondents’ expert witness was Associate Professor Gilbert
Lau (“Professor Lau”), a senior consultant forensic pathologist at the Health
Sciences Authority. He gave evidence that it was likely that the physical
strain of the deceased’s work exacerbated his heart condition which then
caused him to suffer cardiac arrest or a lethal episode of cardiac arrhythmia.
The appellants disputed Professor Lau’s evidence. Their own expert witness Dr
Baldev Singh (“Dr Singh”), a cardiologist in private practice, testified that
the deceased’s heart condition was generally benign. Given the amount of time
the deceased had to rest after the third delivery and the non-strenuous nature
of the job, Dr Singh opined that it was more likely than not that the deceased
had suffered from an unpredictable and random attack of “sudden death
syndrome”.

5 The Commissioner preferred Professor Lau’s evidence. Accordingly, he found
that the _appellants_ had failed to discharge their burden of proof to show
that the death had _not_ arisen out of the deceased’s employment.

The appeal

6 The appellants filed Originating Summons No 1158 of 2010 (“the OS”) on 11
November 2010 appealing against the Award and prayed for it to be set aside
and for the Commissioner’s decision to be reversed. Two grounds for the appeal
were set out in the OS. First, it was said that the Commissioner was wrong to
have reversed the burden of proof. This ground required an analysis of s 3 of
the Act. Second, it was alleged that the Commissioner reached the wrong
finding of fact. This ground concerned the application of s 29(2A) of the Act.

First ground of appeal: reversal of the burden of proof

7 An employer’s liability for compensation is imposed by s 3(1) of the Act
which reads:

**Employer’s liability for compensation**

**3**. – (1) If in any employment personal injury by accident arising out of
_and_ in the course of employment is caused to an employee, his employer shall
be liable to pay compensation in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

[emphasis added]

Section 3(1) must be read with s 3(6) which states:

(6) For the purposes of this Act, an _accident_ arising _in the course_ of an
employee’s employment shall be deemed, in the absence of evidence to the
contrary, to have arisen _out of_ that employment.

[emphasis added]

8 Section 3(6) is very much a local innovation. It was not present in the
Act’s predecessor the Workmen’s Compensation Ordinance (9 of 1932) and was
added only in the Workmen’s Compensation Ordinance (31 of 1954) as s 4(5). The
presumption was described by the Acting Commissioner for Labour (_Proceedings
of the Second Legislative Council of the Colony of Singapore_ , 4th Session
1954/1955, (15 June 1954) at B142) as:

Perhaps the most important change proposed is in the law itself. Under the
existing legislation a workman, to obtain compensation, has to prove that the
accident arose both out of and in the course of his employment. Under the
present proposals the workman must still prove that the accident arose in the
course of his employment, but the onus of proving that it did not arise out of
his employment will rest on the employer if he holds that the claimant is not
entitled to benefit.

9 Section 4(5) (as it was) did more than simply create a rebuttable
presumption for the employee’s benefit. It also unintentionally clarified the
local position on two issues of interpretation arising from what is now s
3(1). First, it was now clear that “arising out of” and “arising in the course
of” are two separate and distinct concepts. This pertinent distinction stands
in contrast to a line of cases which suggested that “arising out of and in the
course of” could be regarded as a _single_ term of art. In _McLauchlan v
Anderson_ [1911] SC 529, a man stumbled and fell as he climbed down from his
wagon to retrieve a pipe which he had dropped. The wagon ran over and killed
him. The Lord President conceded the theoretical distinction between “arising
out of” and “arising in the course of” but said (at 532) that:

In a great many cases, however, the two phrases do not admit of separate
consideration; and the present is one of those cases. If this accident took
place in the course of the workman’s employment, it also indubitably arose out
of that employment; if not, not.

10 Second, it was also clear from the wording of s 4(5) (as it was) that it is
the _accident_ alone that has to arise out of and in the course of the
employment. This is in contrast to the House of Lords decision in _Fenton v J
Thorley & Co., Limited_ [1903] AC 443 where Lord Macnaghten held that (in
relation to the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1897) the phrase “injury by
accident” was intended to be a compound phrase (at 448):

Then comes the question, Do the words “arising out of and in the course of the
employment” qualify the word “accident” or the word “injury” or the compound
expression “injury by accident”? I rather think the latter view is the correct
one.

11 The consequence of s 3(6) is that, as the judge in _NTUC Income Insurance
Co-operative Ltd and another v Next of kin of Narayasamy s/o Ramasamy,
deceased_ [2006] SGHC 162 (at [20]) (“the _NTUC Income_ case”) observed, s
3(1) requires the employee to prove three conditions:

(a) he has suffered a personal injury;

(b) the injury was caused by an accident; and

(c) the _accident_ arose out of _and_ in the course of his employment.

12 The first condition was not disputed by the appellants: the personal injury
suffered by the deceased was his death. The second condition was also _not_ in
dispute. The appellants conceded that the cardiac arrest/lethal arrhythmia
which caused the death was an “accident” within the meaning of s 3(1). In
other words, the parties were in agreement that the respondents had shown that
the personal injury (death) was caused by an accident (cardiac arrest/lethal
arrhythmia). The only point of contention was whether the third condition had
been satisfied – the appellants argued that the respondents had not proven
that the cardiac arrest/lethal arrhythmia arose out of _and_ in the course of
the deceased’s employment. This is where s 3(6) of the Act comes into play.
Once it is proven that the accident arose _in the course_ of employment, it
will be presumed that the accident also arose _out of_ his employment. The
operation of s 3(6) effects a limited shift of the burden of proof from the
respondents to the appellants by requiring the employer to show that although
the accident arose _in the course_ of employment, it nonetheless did not arise
_out of_ the employment.

13 It was the appellants’ case that since the respondents had not proven that
the accident arose _in the course_ of employment, the Commissioner was wrong
to _apply_ the presumption under s 3(6) and, if the presumption did not apply,
the Commissioner should not have shifted the burden of proof onto the
appellants. The success of this appeal hinged entirely on the question of law:
what does “arising in the course of employment” mean?

14 Courts have, over the decades, grappled with the meaning of the phrase
“arising out of and in the course of employment”. The relationship between the
two arms of the phrase was well described by Lord Finlay LC in the House of
Lords’ case of _Charles R Davidson and Company v M’Robb or Officer_ [1918] AC
304 where he said (at 314 – 315):

“Arising out of the employment” obviously means arising out of the work which
the man is employed to do and what is incident to it – in other words, out of
his service. “In the course of employment” must mean, similarly, in the course
of the work which the man is employed to do, and what is incident to it – in
other words, in the course of his service...

The words “and in the course of” were probably added for this reason. If the
nerve or agility of a workman were impaired by the conditions of his work and
in consequence he met with an accident in the street which he would have
avoided but for the impairment of his health occasioned by his work, the
accident might be said to arise “out of the employment”. The same thing might
be said in the case of an accident which he would have escaped but for fatigue
induced by working overtime. The introduction of such claims is prevented by
the words “in the course of the employment.” Such an accident as above
suggested, though it may arise out of the work, would not be in the course of
the work.

15 On the authorities, it is clear that an accident arising _out of_ the
employment requires a causal connection between (i) the employment (and its
incidents) and (ii) the accident. A direct or physical causation is not
necessary: _Smith v The Australian Woollen Mills Limited_ (1933) 50 CLR 504
per Starke J at 517-518. But the causative standard is higher than the “but
for” test. The accident must have arisen because of some intrinsic risk in the
nature of the employment. As Lord Sumner put it in _Lancashire and Yorkshire
Railway v Highley_ [1917] AC 352 (at 372):

Was it part of the injured person’s employment to hazard, to suffer, or to do
that which caused his injury?

16 In contrast, an accident arises in the course of the employment if it bears
a temporal relationship with the employment. A simple test would be whether
the accident occurs, as a matter of common sense, while the employee is at
work. An elaboration of this test was provided by Lord Wright in _Weaver v
Tredegar Iron and Coal Company, Limited_ [1940] AC 955 (at 973):

It has long been held that the course of the employment is not determined by
the time at which a man is actually occupied on his work. There may be
intermissions during the working hours when he is not actually working as, for
instance, times for meals or refreshments, or absences for personal
necessities. And the course of the employment may begin or end some little
time before or after he has downed tools or ceased actual work.

17 Keeping in mind the reasoning of the abovementioned authorities, the
appellants’ contention that an accident only arises _in the course_ of
employment if there is a causative link between the two is clearly
misconceived. Further, the two authorities relied upon by the appellants did
not assist them. The first was _Ormond v C D Holmes & Co Ltd_ [1937] 2 All ER
795. The case was irrelevant as it turned _solely_ on whether the second
attack was an “accident” under the Workmen’s Compensation Act 1925 (at 800 and
807). The second was an English Court of Appeal decision in _Hawkins v Powells
Tillery Steam Coal Company, Limited_ [1911] 1 KB 988 (“ _Hawkins_ ”). The
critical issue there was whether the heart attack that killed the employee had
been _caused_ by his employment _or_ other factors. The Court of Appeal held
it was not caused by the employee’s work in a colliery but by his own diseased
heart condition. Consequently, _Hawkins_ does not support the appellants’
contention. If it does, it should be taken to have been overruled by the
subsequent two House of Lords cases cited above at [14] and [16].

18 In the present case, it was undisputed that the cardiac arrest/lethal
arrhythmia that killed the deceased occurred while he was at work. It follows
that the accident arose _in the course_ of his employment. Hence the
Commissioner was entitled to find that pursuant to s 3(6) of the Act, the
burden of proof shifted to the appellants to prove that the accident had _not_
arisen _out of_ the deceased’s employment. Consequently, I dismiss the first
ground of appeal.

Second ground of appeal: the Commissioner’s finding of fact

19 The Commissioner, after weighing the competing evidence had concluded as a
fact that the appellants had failed to rebut the presumption under s 3(6) of
the Act. The appellants contended that the Commissioner’s finding of fact was
wrong. The appellants are faced with s 29(2A) of the Act which reads:

**Appeal from decision of Commissioner**

...

(2A) No appeal shall lie against any order unless a substantial question of
law is involved in the appeal and the amount in dispute is not less than
$1,000.

20 As Kan Ting Chiu J observed in _Karuppiah Ravichandran v GDS Engineering
Pte Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1028, s 29(2A) reflects the policy that
decisions of the Commissioner are not to be examined as though they are
decisions of a court of law. The purpose of the Act must be kept in mind. As
the Minister said (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (22
January 2008) volume 84 at column 259):

Workmen’s Compensation Act or WCA provides a simpler and quicker way to settle
compensation claims by avoiding protracted legal proceedings.

21 Kan Ting Chiu J was therefore correct in emphasising (at [16]) that
findings of fact fall within s 29(2) only if they are findings that _no_
person would have come to if he had applied the law properly. The standard is
higher than a manifestly wrong finding of fact. So the question that arises is
whether the Commissioner’s finding that the presumption under s 3(6) was not
rebutted was one that _no_ person would have come to if he had properly
applied the relevant law.

22 The evidence before the Commissioner may be summarised as follows: There
was some dispute over how strenuous the deceased’s work was. On one side was
the evidence of Lee that the work he and the deceased were engaged in was
strenuous. It was Professor Lau’s opinion that strenuous work coupled with the
deceased’s heart condition was the reason for the cardiac arrest/lethal
arrhythmia. That was so even though the deceased collapsed only some time
after he had begun his break. On the other side was the arm-chair evidence of
the deceased’s supervisors and managers that the work the deceased did was not
strenuous. It was Dr Singh’s opinion that the deceased’s heart condition was
generally benign, and that his collapse was best explained by an inexplicable
and random occurrence of “sudden death syndrome”. The Commissioner preferred
the evidence of Lee and Professor Lau because Lee being a co-worker had
personal experience of the nature of the deceased’s duties and because
Professor Lau appeared to be the more reliable witness. This was clearly not a
decision which no person would have come to had he properly applied the
relevant law.

23 The appellants in their closing submissions before the Commissioner (at
[59]) had argued that “a litigation lawyer’s work entails far greater
challenges physically (not to mention mentally) given their need to carry
heavy voluminous documents to court”. This flippant and insensitive submission
should never have been made; it was a mockery of the sanctity of life and
would have greatly upset the respondents had they come to know of it.

24 In light of the observations in [22], it follows that the appellants’
second ground of appeal was outside the ambit of s 29(2A) of the Act and must
also be dismissed.

25 Before I conclude this judgment, I should address one final issue. Counsel
for the appellants had raised a preliminary issue at the commencement of the
hearing. He submitted that the Commissioner had written his grounds of
decision (dated 21 February 2011) with one eye on the grounds of appeal as was
evident where he said (at [35]):

In the preparation of my Grounds of Decision, I have had the opportunity to
peruse OS 1158/2010 by filed the Respondents containing the grounds of their
appeal. In summary, the Respondents assert that the decision in favour of the
claimants is wrong for the following broad reasons:

aI had failed to appreciate that the burden in proving each and every
ingredient of this claim under Section 3(1) of the Work Injury Compensation
Act lies with the Claimants and not the Respondents;

bI had erred in law and in fact by preferring the evidence of Dr Lau over Dr
Singh and thereby finding that the death arose out of and in the course of
employment.

The Commissioner then proceeded to deal with the issues listed at (a) and (b).
Counsel for the appellants complained that the Commissioner’s grounds of
decision had wrongly embarked on an _ex post facto_ analysis to refute the
appellants’ grounds of appeal. He submitted that the right course of action
should have been for the grounds of decision to simply expand on the
Commissioner’s brief oral grounds. Consequently, he requested the court to
disregard the Commissioner’s “irregular” grounds of decision in its entirety
as it amounted to a justification of the Commissioner’s decision – the court
should only refer to the notes of evidence and submissions.

26 Whilst it was indeed unfortunate that the Commissioner referred to the OS
in his grounds of decision, that by itself was no reason for the court to
disregard the document altogether. All that was required was for the court to
ignore the offending paragraph. Without that, the decision could still stand
on its own. In this regard, the old case of _Loh Kwang Seang v Public
Prosecutor_ [1960] MLJ 271cited by the appellants has no relevance. This can
be seen from holding no. 4 in that case which reads:

It is not permissible for a trial court having signed and delivered its
grounds of decision to the appellants to supplement the grounds of decision or
amplifying them in any way. The conduct of the learned President in amplifying
his grounds by adding a further 27 lines of typewritten material to it was
both irregular and improper but it was not such conduct as can be said to have
occasioned a miscarriage of justice or such as could be said to warrant or
require or even justify the trial being regarded a nullity and the conviction
being quashed.

In our case, the Commissioner did not issue his grounds of decision before 21
February 2011. By definition, he could not be accused of supplementing any
_previous_ grounds of decision. More importantly, the issues in the grounds of
decision substantively reflected his oral grounds. The Commissioner only said
(see N/E 99):

I rule in favour of the [respondents]. Brief oral grounds. The burden of proof
was mainly on the [appellants] as the deceased passed away in the course of
employment.

Ultimately, the physical efforts of the deceased too proximate to the time of
death. On the issue of medical evidence, I prefer to the evidence of Dr Lau.
His position takes into account the fact that physical condition differ from
person to person. This is as opposed to Dr Singh who categorically insists on
this 10 minute timeframe. Even on this 10 minute timeframe, he departs and
cannot hold the position.

Ultimately, the level of proof required is on a balance of probabilities and
not beyond a reasonable doubt and I find that the [respondents] have proved
their case so.

Contrary to the appellants’ submission, the Commissioner’s grounds of decision
did amplify his brief oral grounds. He did not as they complained, make “a _de
facto_ Respondents’ Case in answer to the Grounds of Appeal”.

Conclusion

27 Consequently, I dismiss the OS with costs to the respondents to be taxed
unless otherwise agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

