Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Silverlink Holdings Ltd _v_ Rockline Ltd and others  
[2011] SGHC 10

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 986 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eddee Ng and Emmeline Lim (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for
the plaintiff; Indranee Rajah SC, Rakesh Kirpalani and Tan Shou Min (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the defendants; Selvaratnam Sharmini Sharon (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for third party in Suit 834 of 2005 (watching brief); Carol
Teh (ShookLin & Bok LLP) for Schroder PLC (watching brief).  
Parties| :|  Silverlink Holdings Ltd — Rockline Ltd and others  
  
13 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This Originating Summons (“OS”) is a sequel to Suit 834 of 2005 (“the First
Action”): see _Rockline Limited v Silverlink Holdings Limited_ [2010] SGHC 127
and _Rockline Limited v Silverlink Holdings Limited_ [2010] SGHC 251. The
outcome of the application of this OS will have a direct bearing on
Silverlink’s right to appeal against my earlier decisions. At the outset,
counsel for Rockline and Superon (hereinafter “SAP”) wrote to the Registry
requesting that the application be placed before me as that would save time
and costs for all parties. Counsel for Silverlink did not object to the same,
although they did note that there was “no real reason” for the application to
be placed before me.

2 Central to the current dispute is a settlement agreement between the parties
(“the Settlement Agreement”), which this Court was previously not privy to.
The Settlement Agreement provided, _inter alia_ , that the parties will not
exercise their rights of appeal in the First Action unless the damages awarded
were below US$17.5m or above US$33.5m. The damages awarded in the First action
fell within the aforesaid range, and so the parties were, _prima facie_ ,
bound by the Settlement Agreement not to appeal. In addition, cl 7 of the
Settlement Agreement provided that:

The [parties] unconditionally withdraw all allegations against each other in
Suit 375 (which will include allegations against Anil Thadani for inducement
of breach of contract) and insofar as these allegations are repeated in Suit
834, they are also deemed withdrawn. Save as aforesaid, nothing herein is
intended to affect the matters in [the First Action].

3 Suit 375 of 2007 (“the Second Action”) was a claim against several
individuals for inducement and/or conspiracy. In the present application,
Silverlink takes the position that SAP was in repudiatory breach of the
Settlement Agreement by including in the First Action allegations from the
Second Action (which they had agreed unconditionally to withdraw) in their
prayers for relief in the First Action (see the Submissions on Remedies and
Reliefs). In particular, Silverlink alleged that the following claims were
resuscitated from the Second Action (“the Claims”):

(i)

the claim for Enhanced Benefits;

(ii)

the claim for alleged loss and damage arising from the loss of chance to exit
their investment in Silverlink;

(iii)

the claim for loss and damage arising from the alleged wrongful novation of
the Debenture and Share Pledge Agreement; and

(iv)

the claim for the loss of the right to veto Silverlink’s right issue.

4 On the other hand, SAP contended that they did not breach the Settlement
Agreement as the Claims were made against Silverlink, and were claims for
relief flowing from the latter’s breaches of contract. They emphasised that
the allegations and claims for conspiracy in the Second Action against the
relevant individuals had been withdrawn and were not asserted in the First
Action.

5 Clause 7 of the Settlement Agreement was critical to the present dispute. In
this regard, the contractual intent of the Settlement Agreement is evident
from Mr Thadani’s email dated 10 January 2010, as follows:

The procurement claim is part of the second suit. When the second suit is
unconditionally withdrawn, this claim automatically falls away from the first
suit also. I should also point out that the whole basis of our agreement has
been that we would do away with the personal allegations, leaving only the
commercial matter to be resolved.

6 I agree with counsel for SAP that the intention behind the Settlement
Agreement was to remove allegations of a personal nature against the
individuals concerned. That said, the parties’ claims in respect of the
contractual dispute were to be fully preserved. The Settlement Agreement was
not intended to, and should not be construed to limit the scope of damages
claimable from the latter claim. It is important to emphasise that the
Settlement Agreement expressly provided that save for the removal of all
allegations in the Second Action (which must be construed to mean _personal_
allegations), nothing was intended to affect the First Action. In other words,
SAP was free to pursue any and all allegations and/or claims of a commercial
nature, which was why the trial and proceedings in the First Action continued
to the end.

7 The First Action was a claim for breach of contract whereas the Second
Action was a claim premised in part on inducement and/or conspiracy. The two
actions were intertwined to the extent that the alleged conspiracy was to
induce the said breach of contract. In light of this, it was clear that the
potential damages, if any, that could flow from the two actions might
plausibly overlap. Save that they were not expressly pleaded, it was no
surprise that the Claims could be made for in both the Second Action, as well
as in the First Action.

8 In my opinion, the Claims did not amount to a breach of cl 7 of the
Settlement Agreement, which was intended to only cover allegations of a
_personal_ nature. As rightly pointed out by counsel, the Claims were made in
the context of damages flowing from the breach of contract, and unlike the
Statement of Claim for the Second Action, no allegations of a _personal_
nature had been made against the relevant individuals. In addition, I agree
with counsel that references were made to certain individuals in the
Submissions and Reply Submissions on Remedies and Reliefs for the sole reason
that those individuals were acting on the Silverlink and Argent side at the
material time. Given that the parties in the First Action are corporate
entities, it was inevitable that references were made to the individuals. In
the circumstances, I find that the SAP did not breach cl 7 of the Settlement
Agreement.

9 A further point of some relevance that was not canvassed related to cl 12 of
the Settlement Agreement, which reads as follows:

The [parties] undertake not to make any further claims or commence any further
action or proceedings in any jurisdiction and in any form in respect of the
subject matter of Suit 375 against any person...

10 The subject matter of the Second Action pertained to the allegations of
procurement and/or conspiracy to induce the breach of contract on the part of
the various individuals. For the same reasons given in respect of cl 7, I am
of the opinion that SAP was likewise not in breach of cl 12. The subject
matter of the First Action and the Second Action were distinct (reinforced by
the fact that the court had previously declined to fully consolidate both
actions). In any case, SAP had prayed for damages to be assessed in the First
Action, and the Claims were made pursuant to that prayer. The Claims therefore
cannot be said to be “further claims” within the meaning of cl 12. For the
above reasons, I find that SAP likewise did not breach cl 12 of the Settlement
Agreement.

11 SAP’s alternative argument was that Silverlink had not treated the
Settlement Agreement as discharged, and as such could not claim the
declaratory reliefs sought in the present application. Citing _Fercometal
S.A.R.L. v Mediterranean Shipping Co SA_ [1988] 1 AC 788, counsel for SAP
submitted that in the face of a repudiatory breach, the innocent party must
elect to either affirm the contract, or accept the repudiation. It cannot be
the case that the wrongful party remained bound by the terms of the repudiated
contract, while the innocent party is freed from his contractual obligations.
In any event, counsel argued that Silverlink had in fact affirmed any
repudiation, if any, by insisting that SAP remained bound by the terms of the
Settlement Agreement.

12 I agree with counsel on her first point. It cannot be the case that the
wrongful party continues to be bound by the terms of a repudiated contract,
while the innocent party is not. For example, if the seller of a property
commits a repudiatory breach, it would not be right that the buyer is freed
from his obligation to make payment, while the seller remains bound to deliver
up the property. In my view, the innocent party must elect to either accept
the repudiation, or to affirm the contract, although either option would still
entitle the latter to make a claim for damages. As for counsel’s second point,
I disagree that Silverlink has accepted the repudiation, assuming if any. I am
of the view that Silverlink’s present application arose from the latter’s
belief that they are no longer bound by the terms of the Settlement Agreement,
and that is contrary to any assertion of affirmation.

13 For the foregoing reasons, I decline to grant the reliefs sought by
Silverlink. Costs are to follow the event and to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

