Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Kok Ming (alias Ong Henardi) _v_ Happy Valley Holdings Pte Ltd and
another  
[2011] SGHC 199

Case Number| :| Suit No 1051 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Siew Hong and Colin Phan (Infinitus Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Basil Ong Kah Liang (PK Wong & Associates LLC) for the
first defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ong Kok Ming (alias Ong Henardi) — Happy Valley Holdings Pte Ltd
and another  
  
31 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The issue in this case is whether the plaintiff and the defendants had
entered into an enforceable contract for an option for the sale of property.

2 The plaintiff, Ong Kok Ming @ Henardi Ong, is a businessman. Through a
company known as Tirta Sari Pte Ltd (“TSPL”), he owns and operates a chain of
restaurants. At all material times, TSPL was the tenant of three units in
Lucky Plaza, _viz_ , #01-45, #01-46 and #01-47. These units, together with the
adjacent units known as #01-42, #01-43 and #01-44, were at the material times
jointly owned by the first defendant, Happy Valley Holdings Pte Ltd, and the
second defendant, Mr Peter Lok Chan. These six units (hereinafter collectively
called “the Property”) were the subject matter of the alleged agreement
between the plaintiff and the defendants.

3 In the negotiations between the plaintiff and the defendants, the first
defendant was represented by its director, Susanna Kwan Ping Sum (“Ms Kwan”),
and her husband, Aloysius Chu Fee Loong (“Mr Chu”). Ms Kwan also held a power
of attorney with respect to the Property granted by the second defendant on 6
June 1996. The second defendant is resident in Hong Kong and is Mr Chu’s
brother-in-law. The plaintiff’s position is that Ms Kwan represented the
second defendant in the negotiations. The second defendant, although served
with the writ in this action, did not enter an appearance and did not dispute
this contention. The action was defended by the first defendant alone.

4 Another person who played a part in the negotiations regarding the sale of
the Property was one Choo Kok Yin aka Frederick Choo (“FC”). At the material
time, he was a property agent and had been instrumental in introducing TSPL to
the first defendant and obtaining a tenancy of three units of the Property for
TSPL.

The facts

5 In 2001, the Property was mortgaged to the Bank of East Asia Limited (“BEA”)
as security for banking facilities extended by BEA to a company called
Farquson Private Limited (“FPL”). Ms Kwan and Mr Chu were the directors and
shareholders of FPL. At the beginning of 2009, the outstanding amount under
the facilities secured by the mortgage to BEA was in excess of $23m and due to
the 2008 financial crisis, the financial outlook was uncertain. BEA therefore
requested the first defendant to sell the Property in order to reduce the
amount of FPL’s indebtedness.

6 Thereafter, Mr Chu took steps to obtain a valuation of the Property and also
appointed a property agent to market it. In March 2009, he was provided with a
valuation report showing a total value of about $20m for the units comprising
the Property and a forced sale value of $16m. All six units of the Property
were rented out. These tenants had been introduced to the first defendant by
FC and therefore, sometime in April 2009, Mr Chu contacted FC to see whether
he had any clients who might be interested in purchasing the Property.
Subsequently, FC informed him that the owner of TSPL was interested in
acquiring the Property. As a result a series of meetings took place between
the plaintiff and the defendants’ representatives.

7 The first meeting took place sometime in April/May 2009 and ended without
any conclusion. In May/June 2009, BEA kept pressing the first defendant to
sell the Property and indicated it would prefer an owner’s sale rather than a
forced sale. At about that time, BEA informed Mr Chu that it had received
offers to purchase the Property at a price of about $12m. Mr Chu, sensing that
BEA might want to sell the Property at that price, asked FC to check with the
plaintiff to see if he was still interested in acquiring the Property.

8 A lunch meeting to discuss the sale of the Property took place around the
end of June 2009. It was attended by FC, the plaintiff and his daughter,
Jessica Ong, Mr Chu and Ms Kwan. No agreement was reached but Mr Chu informed
the plaintiff that an acceptable price would have to be close to the forced
sale value of $16m stated in the valuation report. A second lunch meeting
between the same persons also ended without an agreement.

9 Sometime after this second meeting, BEA informed Mr Chu that it had a client
who was willing to buy the Property at $13.5m. Mr Chu wanted a better price
and therefore asked FC to arrange for a third meeting with the plaintiff. This
meeting took place at the Pines Club on 31 August 2009 over lunch. It was
attended by the same persons as had gone to the first two meetings.

10 According to Mr Chu, at this third lunch meeting, he told the plaintiff
that there was a firm offer received from a prospective purchaser but if the
plaintiff was prepared to offer at least $14.5m, he would seriously consider
that offer. The plaintiff mentioned that he had sold certain assets and was
expecting to receive his money. He showed Mr Chu some documents to prove that
he had the money except that it would take some time for it to come in. Mr Chu
did not look at these documents closely and did not pay them very much
attention. In response, he told the plaintiff that time was not very important
since it would take about three months for the sale to be completed anyway. He
stressed that he could help the plaintiff arrange for financing if that was
necessary. In an effort to persuade the plaintiff, he even told him and FC
that although FC was the plaintiff’s agent, the first defendant would pay the
latter’s commission as well. However, the plaintiff was again non-committal
and said that he would talk to his wife about the matter. No mention was made
about any option agreement to be issued and what the terms of any purchase
would be.

11 The plaintiff’s version of what happened at this third lunch meeting is
very different. He firmly believes that the parties had reached an agreement
for the Property to be sold to him at the price of $14.5m. The plaintiff said
that during the meeting, he told Mr Chu and Ms Kwan that funds would be coming
his way at the end of October 2009 and that only then would he be in a
position to pay the balance of the purchase price. He said he would have
insufficient funds to pay for the Property in September 2009. He showed Mr Chu
and Ms Kwan his bank documents to prove this but when he presented these
documents to Mr Chu, the latter replied with no hesitation at all, “money no
problem”. Then the parties got down to the issue of the price and discussed
various figures. Finally, near the conclusion of the lunch, the price of
$14.5m was agreed upon and a deal was reached. At the end of the meeting, the
plaintiff told Mr Chu and Ms Kwan that he would pay the option money of one
percent of the purchase price ($145,000) immediately. He had brought along
with him a single cheque leaf in order to make payment. Mr Chu, however,
informed the plaintiff that he needed two cheques, one for $139,000 and the
other for $6,000, and therefore the plaintiff was unable to pay the option
money at the end of the meeting. Mr Chu told him to give the first defendant
the cheques the next day. It should be noted that both Jessica Ong and FC
testified that an agreement for the sale of the Property was reached at the
third lunch meeting.

12 On 1 September 2009, FC collected two cheques in favour of the first
defendant from the plaintiff. These were drawn on the account of one of the
plaintiff’s companies, Megantara Indo Trading Private Limited (“Megantara”),
and were for the sums of $139,000 and $6,000 respectively. FC took the cheques
to the first defendant’s office and handed them to Ms Kwan in the presence of
Mr Chu. FC told them that the cheques were not to be presented for payment
until he or the plaintiff called and said that this could be done. Ms Kwan
then made a photocopy of the two cheques and acknowledged their receipt on the
photocopy. At this time, Mr Chu gave FC a document containing the format of
the proposed option agreement to be issued by the defendants. This document
was referred to in evidence as the “draft option”.

13 The plaintiff received the draft option on 2 September 2009. He noted that
one of the terms was wrong in that it stated the option had to be exercised in
two weeks’ time, _ie_ , by 11 September 2009. The plaintiff thought that this
was inconsistent with the negotiations and he told FC to remind the defendants
that Mr Chu had agreed that there was no issue regarding the plaintiff’s funds
being received only in October as long as completion of the purchase took
place by the end of the year. The other terms of the draft option correctly
stated the addresses of the Property, the names of the vendors, the price, and
the name of the law firm authorised to represent the vendors.

14 Subsequently, the plaintiff decided that it was better for him to acquire
the Property in his own name. He drew two cheques in favour of the first
defendant on his personal bank account and gave them to FC to pass to the
first defendant. On 8 September 2009, FC went to the first defendant’s office
and wanted to hand over the plaintiff’s personal cheques to Ms Kwan in
exchange for the earlier Megantara cheques. Ms Kwan telephoned her husband
and, after he himself spoke to FC, Mr Chu instructed her to accept the two new
cheques and return the Megantara cheques. Ms Kwan made a photocopy of the new
cheques and acknowledged receipt of them on the back of the photocopy.

15 The next disputed area of evidence relates to a meeting that took place the
next evening, 9 September 2009, in the first defendant’s office, between Mr
Chu and FC. According to Mr Chu, he told FC that even by that date, no
specific terms had been agreed upon as FC had not signified that the terms of
the draft option were acceptable to the purchaser. FC then said that the
plaintiff had difficulty with the 14 days’ exercise period and required the
date for exercise of the option to be towards the end of October 2009. Mr Chu
alleged that he responded that “this suggestion was too far from the normal
period of 14 days”. In any event, he said he would have to seek the approval
of BEA and the second defendant regarding any proposed sale and its terms
especially in relation to the exercise date. He proposed that he would fly to
Hong Kong at the earliest opportunity to get such approval.

16 According to Mr Chu, he then asked FC whether the plaintiff would agree to
his cheques being presented for payment without obligation, pending Mr Chu’s
visit to Hong Kong that weekend. In the event that Mr Chu was unable to obtain
the approval of the second defendant and BEA to the terms, then the sums paid
into the first defendant’s account would be refunded to the plaintiff. FC
replied that he would talk to the plaintiff and left the premises. Shortly
thereafter, FC called Mr Chu on Ms Kwan’s mobile phone and said that it was
all right to bank in the cheques on the proposed basis. On the next day, the
first defendant presented the cheques for payment.

17 FC’s evidence was that sometime after 2 September 2009, he had called Mr
Chu to convey to him what the plaintiff had said about the erroneous option
exercise date in the draft option. Mr Chu’s response was to ask when the
plaintiff would be able to exercise the option. FC said that the plaintiff
needed time until October. Mr Chu said “okay” but in the same breath he
mentioned that he needed to discuss the date with the second defendant. Mr Chu
did not, however, get back to FC on this matter.

18 FC also said that he went to the first defendant’s office on 10 September
2009 at the request of Ms Kwan. When he arrived there, Mr Chu told him to
secure a firm date from the plaintiff on when the latter could exercise the
option. He telephoned the plaintiff immediately and was told that the middle
of October was the firm date. This was conveyed to Mr Chu and FC said that if
15 October was acceptable, the plaintiff’s cheques for a total of $145,000
could be banked in. The first defendant deposited the plaintiff’s cheques on
10 September 2009 and they were duly cleared.

19 According to Mr Chu, the next development was that on 11 September 2009, he
was informed by BEA that it had a purchaser who would be prepared to pay
$15.5m for the Property. Accordingly, when he went to Hong Kong on 12
September 2009, it was for the purpose of confirming whether BEA would agree
to a sale at this price notwithstanding that it was insufficient to cover
Farquson’s indebtedness to BEA. In Hong Kong, Mr Chu met an officer of BEA and
tried to persuade him to delay the sale of the Property, an effort that was
not successful. Mr Chu also called his sister to mention that the Property
would be sold for $15.5m. She said that she would inform the second defendant
of the same.

20 On 15 September 2009, Ms Kwan and Mr Chu asked FC to go to their office.
There, they told him that they had received an offer of $15.5m for the
Property and showed him an option to purchase to be granted in favour of a
purchaser named Geetex Pte Ltd (“Geetex”). They told FC to find out from the
plaintiff if he was prepared to match the price of $15.5m and that if he could
not, then the plaintiff’s option money would be returned to him. They also
told FC that if the plaintiff was prepared to match this price, then the
plaintiff would have to pay FC’s commission. Mr Chu himself said he spoke to
the plaintiff on the telephone and told him he would have to exercise the
option within the normal 14 day period and to complete the purchase by 15
December 2009. The plaintiff then spoke to Mr Chu briefly and told him that
the defendants would be hearing from the plaintiff’s lawyers.

21 The plaintiff did not meet the price of $15.5m and the defendants
thereafter issued an option to Geetex for sale of the Property at this price.
The first defendant attempted to refund the sum of $145,000 to the plaintiff
but the latter refused to accept it. The sale of the Property to Geetex was
completed on 30 October 2009.

The action and the issues

22 The plaintiff commenced this action on 11 December 2009. He claims against
the defendants for breach of contract in respect of the defendants’ failure to
issue an option to the plaintiff to purchase the Property. The plaintiff says
that on 31 August 2009, he entered into an agreement with the defendants by
which he agreed to purchase the Property and the defendants agreed to issue
him an option for such purchase at a price of $14.5m. The defendants
neglected, failed or refused to issue the option to the plaintiff and instead
sold the Property to Geetex. The plaintiff seeks damages.

23 The first defendant’s case is that there was no concluded agreement for the
sale of the Property to the plaintiff. Further, even if there had been an oral
agreement for the grant of an option to the plaintiff, the requirements of s
6(d) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) were not met and
therefore the agreement is not valid and enforceable.

24 The following main issues arise out of the pleadings and the submissions:

(a) whether the defendants had entered into an agreement with the plaintiff to
issue an option to the plaintiff in respect of the purchase of the Property;

(b) if so, whether the requirements of s 6(d) of the Act have been fulfilled;

(c) in the alternative, if s 6(d) of the Act is not fulfilled, whether the
agreement is nevertheless enforceable by virtue of the doctrine of part
performance; and

(d) if there was an agreement, what remedy the plaintiff can claim for its
breach.

Issues

Was there an agreement for an option to be issued to the plaintiff?

25 The plaintiff’s case is that the parties reached an agreement at the
conclusion of the meeting on 31 August 2009. The first defendant says that
there was no agreement at all on that date because:

(a) the price was not agreed upon;

(b) the plaintiff had told Mr Chu that he wanted to check with his wife about
the matter;

(c) the terms of the option had not been agreed on, and in particular, the
exercise and completion dates had not been agreed on;

(d) the identity of the purchaser had not been disclosed; and

(e) the second defendant’s agreement to the sale had not been obtained.

26 I must now examine the evidence. The evidence of the plaintiff, his
daughter and FC was that an agreement was indeed reached at the meeting on 31
August 2009 at the Pines. They agreed that this agreement related to the
purchase of the Property at a price of $14.5m. Both Ms Kwan and Mr Chu denied
vehemently that any agreement had been reached. Who was telling the truth?

27 The first defendant was represented at the meeting by Mr Chu and Ms Kwan.
There was no dispute that these persons had the authority to represent the
defendants even though Mr Chu was not a director of the first defendant or the
donee of the power of attorney executed by the second defendant. Ms Kwan who
occupied both those positions testified that Mr Chu had handled all the
discussions relating to the sale of the Property during the meetings with the
plaintiff and that she herself, though present, had not participated in the
same. She did not suggest at any time that Mr Chu was not authorised to speak
for either of the defendants. The very fact that she took a back seat and let
Mr Chu do all the talking indicated the extent of his authority. Mr Chu
himself agreed in court that he was the driving force behind the sale of the
Property. I think it is a fair inference from the evidence that the first
defendant was very keen to accomplish its own sale of the Property instead of
submitting to a mortgagee sale.

28 Ms Kwan was not an impressive witness as she was evasive and changed her
position from time to time during the course of her testimony. A prime example
of this related to the position of FC. The witness agreed that in March 2009
when FPL received a letter of demand from BEA, she was worried about how she
was going to repay BEA. She further agreed that she then contacted FC to put
the Property on the market for sale and to approach the sitting tenants,
including the plaintiff, to see if they were interested in buying the
Property. She was then asked whether she agreed that FC was the first
defendant’s agent for selling the Property. She prevaricated for sometime
before answering the question as this extract from the evidence shows:

Q |  And at all times, Frederick Choo was your agent for selling the property, correct?  
---|---  
A |  Sorry, sorry, er, may I beg your pardon?  
Q |  At all times, Frederick Choo was your agent for selling the property, correct?  
A |  (Interpreted evidence resumed) Well, we only told him that we have a property for sale.  
Court |  Was he your agent or not? (Witness speaks in English)  
Witness |  If --- if, er, he got the tenant --- er, if --- if --- if, er, he got a interested buyer.  
Court |  Then?  
Witness |  Then, er, if, er, he got a ten---genuine buyer, so we have the property for sales. So I can say that he is the agent.  
  
  

It appears to me from this evidence that even though commission was not
discussed at this stage, FC was acting as the seller’s agent in this
transaction between the defendants and the plaintiff. There is not only Ms
Kwan’s reluctant admission that he would be their agent if he found a buyer
but also Mr Chu’s statement in his affidavit (repeated at [6] above) that he
too had contacted FC to find out if the latter had any buyers for the
Property.

29 When it came to what happened on 31 August 2009, Ms Kwan’s affidavit was
extremely brief. There, all she said about the 31 August meeting was that the
plaintiff had mentioned that he was expecting to receive his money from the
sale of his properties but he did not say when and that Mr Chu had told the
plaintiff that the sale price of the Property would have to be at least
$14.5m. Under cross-examination she stated that she was not sure whether the
plaintiff had accepted the price of $14.5m. When it was put to her that the
first defendant had accepted the plaintiff’s offer to purchase the Property at
this price, she at first said “I agree”. Subsequently, she was asked again
whether the plaintiff had offered this amount and the first defendant had
accepted it and this time she replied “at first I thought he accepted but
before we go off ... he mentioned he would talk to the wife tonight”.

30 Ms Kwan was evasive in relation to the significance of the document which
the plaintiff had shown Mr Chu at the 31 August 2009 meeting. She was asked
whether she remembered that the plaintiff had brought along a document to show
that he had funds coming in to Singapore. Her response was that she knew he
had brought “a piece of paper” but she was not sure what that paper was. It
was then put to her that the plaintiff had told her and Mr Chu that the funds
for the purchase of the Property, $14.5m, would be coming in to Singapore at
the end of October 2009\. Her response was:

I am not sure what is the arrangement because, er, I just, er, attend the
meeting but I’m not, er, er, really listen what they --- the arrangement.

I found that reply difficult to credit and asked her whether she had listened
to what was going on. She then answered:

Er, maybe I just sit beside the --- I mean, attend the meeting but, er, what
is the arrangement made between them, I’m not very sure.

It is difficult to accept as true this sort of evidence from a witness who was
a director of the first defendant and had a personal interest (as a guarantor
of FPL’s indebtedness) in selling the Property and reducing the indebtedness
to BEA as much as possible. It should also be noted that subsequently when the
witness was asked several questions about the document produced by the
plaintiff, her initial response was to repeat that she did not know what that
piece of paper was for but eventually she replied:

I only know this piece of paper, er, is about the fund but I’m not \--- I’m
not sure what is arrangement.

Ms Kwan therefore admitted that she knew that the document related to the
remittance of the plaintiff’s funds but she still attempted to maintain her
alleged ignorance as to what had been agreed between Mr Chu and the plaintiff.

31 At first blush Mr Chu appeared to be a more credible witness. Examination
of his testimony, however, revealed cracks. Some of these are detailed later
in this judgment.

32 In court, Mr Chu attempted to qualify his evidence about what had happened
at the meeting. He was asked whether the plaintiff had made an offer of
$14.5m. He responded that the figure was raised by him and that he had told
the plaintiff $14.5m was the lowest figure that the defendants would accept.
Mr Chu then said that “He [_ie_ , the plaintiff] did not at that time argue on
the figure”. The exchange following this answer is set out below:

QMr Chu, I’m instructed --- that Mr Ong at that meeting, which was the fourth
meeting, offered 14.5. What do you say to that?

AThe --- the offer came from me. But, er, if you say that --- I mean we --- we
--- we agreed to the 14.5.

QYes.

AThere’s no argument on that.

QOkay. And there was agreement on the price at 14.5?

AI thought there was an agreement ---

QYes.

A\--- during the meeting ---

QYes

A\--- until the end of the meeting when he told me that, “Oh, okay. Let me go
back and talk to my wife this evening”.

33 I do not accept Mr Chu’s and Ms Kwan’s evidence that there was no agreement
because the plaintiff needed to go back to consult his wife. There are various
reasons for this. First, as stated, I have doubts as to the credibility of
these witnesses. Secondly, the events that took place both before and after
the 31 August 2009 meeting make the first defendant’s version much less
probable than the plaintiff’s denial that any such thing occurred. The parties
had met three times before over a period of a couple of months. The meeting on
31 August 2009 was planned and, by that time, the plaintiff had done his sums.
He had also made arrangements to bring a bank document to the meeting to show
to the first defendant as proof of his ability to pay for the Property. It was
not as if there was going to be an impulse purchase on the part of the
plaintiff. Since the plaintiff was willing to buy the Property at $14.5m, why
would he first confirm that and then say that he needed to go back to consult
his wife? The plaintiff had the funds, raised from the sale of other assets.
His wife had not previously played any part at all in the negotiations, and no
need for the plaintiff to consult his wife was demonstrated.

34 The plaintiff submitted that the only “sticking point” at the meeting was
whether the option period would be extended. He also pointed out that Mr Chu
had confirmed in court that he was eager to sell at the time of the meeting
and that he was looking at all means possible to accommodate the plaintiff in
order to facilitate the sale. Mr Chu had gone so far as to promise the
plaintiff to help him get bank facilities if these were required to complete
the purchase. The plaintiff therefore submitted that the extended option
period was not a problem for the first defendant.

35 I think it likely that the exercise date in respect of the option was not
specifically mentioned at the meeting and that the parties were talking in
more general terms. This, however, does not mean that the parties did not
agree in a general way on an extended period for exercise of the option. It
was the plaintiff’s evidence that when he explained that his funds would be
coming in in October, Mr Chu had said “money no problem”. Mr Chu denied this
but the plaintiff’s evidence was supported by FC who added that Mr Chu had
emphasised that he wanted the completion date to be by the end of October
2009. At that stage, the best offer that the first defendant had was for
$13.5m and it was Mr Chu who had initiated the meeting with the plaintiff in
the hope of getting a figure that was closer to his desired amount of $16m. It
was also Mr Chu who brought the first defendant’s asking price down to $14.5m
and thereby made the deal possible. Mr Chu had seen the plaintiff’s bank
document by then and must have been satisfied that the plaintiff was a genuine
buyer. I hold that in these circumstances, the first defendant was willing not
to insist on the exercise period for the option being the normal two weeks.

36 The events that took place after 31 August 2009 support the plaintiff’s
case that agreement on the sale and the price was reached on that date. On 1
September 2009, Mr Chu accepted the two Megantara cheques and in return handed
the draft option to FC for transmission to the plaintiff. Mr Chu testified
that this draft option had been prepared several days earlier by his solicitor
(after he had been told by BEA about the $13.5m offer) and that he had printed
it out on 1 September 2009 after adding some details. The draft option
contained all the material particulars including the price of $14.5m and the
completion date of 30 November 2009 which was three months after 31 August
2009. Mr Chu confirmed in court that this document had been prepared _after_
the meeting on 31 August 2009:

... if you say it --- “prepare” means that the putting in of \--- the certain
amount, the – the figures and so on, er yes, I don’t --- er, I don’t disagree.

As the plaintiff submitted, it is also telling that Mr Chu contradicted
himself at this juncture. He had earlier testified that he thought that there
was no agreement because the plaintiff had said he needed to check with his
wife. Yet, when talking about the completion date of 30 November 2009, he
said:

\--- that I might have put in myself or I asked PK to put it in because that
--- when I gave to, er, er, the --- the agent, er, Mr Choo, we have already
--- I thought we have already got an agreement. So --- so that is why that
date was in.

Mr Chu prepared the draft option by inserting the material particulars in the
draft which his lawyer had given him after the meeting. Therefore, it would
appear that on his own evidence, after the meeting Mr Chu believed that there
was an agreement. Otherwise, he would not have prepared the draft option and
would not have had it available to hand to FC when the latter arrived with the
two cheques for $139,000 and $6,000 on 1 September 2009.

37 The fact that the plaintiff issued two cheques for a total of $145,000 is
also evidence that an agreement existed. The figure of $145,000 was obviously
derived as the standard one percent option fee based on the agreed sale price
of $14.5m. The first defendant must have told the plaintiff to issue two
cheques and what the face amounts of each cheque should be. Otherwise, the
plaintiff would simply have issued one cheque as he testified he had been
prepared to do at the conclusion of the 31 August 2009 meeting.

38 I agree with the plaintiff that, on the evidence, the parties had gone to
their meeting on 31 August 2009 with the expectation that an agreement was
possible. I hold that at the conclusion of the meeting, the parties reached an
agreement for the defendants to sell the Property to the plaintiff for $14.5m
and for the defendants to issue to the plaintiff the written option to
purchase the Property required by such agreement upon payment of the option
fee.

39 With reference to the points made by the first defendant as set out in [25]
above, I find no merit in the same. First, the price was agreed and I have
held that the plaintiff had not told Mr Chu that he needed to check with his
wife. Second, the main terms of the option, _ie_ , price, parties and property
had been agreed. There had been no discussion of any of the other terms apart
from payment and as far as payment was concerned, the plaintiff had said that
his money would be in by October 2009 and Mr Chu had indicated that as long as
completion took place before the end of the year that was acceptable to him.
There was no dispute about timelines and indeed, when the draft option was
issued, the plaintiff had no quarrel with it apart from the specified option
exercise date. I have found that although the exercise date had not been
agreed specifically, this was not a concern to Mr Chu who was willing that the
option to be exercised in October 2009 when the plaintiff’s money came in. As
for the identity of the purchaser, it was clear to all parties that the
purchaser would be the plaintiff either directly or through a vehicle
nominated by him. The final point about the second defendant’s consent to the
sale not having been obtained is of little moment. The second defendant had
given Ms Kwan a power of attorney which enabled her to sell the Property on
his behalf and Ms Kwan had agreed to the sale. Mr Chu’s own evidence was that
when he went to Hong Kong, he did not see or speak to the second defendant at
all, let alone ask for his consent to the sale, whether to the plaintiff or to
Geetex. Mr Chu stated that he _told_ his sister about the impending sale of
the Property and told her to inform her husband. He did not ask her to obtain
the second defendant’s consent. This evidence underlines the untruth of the
first defendant’s assertion that Mr Chu needed to get the second defendant’s
consent to the sale before a contract could be concluded.

Is there a sufficient memorandum in writing?

40 Section 6(d) of the Act provides as follows:

**Contracts which must be evidenced in writing**

6\. No action shall be brought against –

...

(d) any person upon any contract for the sale or other disposition of
immovable property, or any interest in such property ...

unless the promise or agreement upon which such action is brought, or some
memorandum or note thereof, is in writing and signed by the party to be
charged therewith or some other person lawfully authorised by him.

It can be seen that the section has three requirements. The first is that
there is some written evidence of the contract. The second is that the
material terms of the contract are included in the writing. The third is that
the writing is signed by the party to be charged.

41 It is common ground that s 6(d) is applicable in the present case as an
option for the purchase of property creates in favour of the option holder an
equitable interest in the land be sold: see _Joseph Mathew v Singh Chiranjeev_
[2010] 1 SLR(R) 338 (“ _Joseph Mathew_ ”).

42 The plaintiff pleads at para 18 of the amended statement of claim that s
6(d) is satisfied by a combination of the following memoranda:

(a) Ms Kwan’s acknowledgement of receipt on 1 September 2009 on the photocopy
of the Megantara cheques;

(b) the draft option; and

(c) Ms Kwan’s acknowledgment of receipt on 9 September 2009 on the photocopy
of the plaintiff’s personal cheques.

43 The first defendant argues that s 6(d) is not satisfied because:

(a) the documents that the plaintiff relies on were all referable to acts or
events which took place after the alleged agreement was reached on 31 August
2009 and were not created at the time of that agreement;

(b) the requisite three “Ps” of price, parties and property are not satisfied
because the documents do not identify the purchaser;

(c) the acknowledgements of receipt of cheques do not fulfil the requirement
that the memorandum has to be signed by the party to be charged;

(d) the first set of cheques acknowledged was not to be presented for payment
until receipt of confirmation from the plaintiff and this means that there was
no payment by the plaintiff for the option; and

(e) it was the plaintiff’s evidence that he was not expecting an option in
return for his payment of $145,000 and he expected to only receive the
contract after he paid a further nine percent of the sale price.

44 Considering the first defendant’s objections, I see no merit in the first
point which is that the memorandum required by s 6(d) had to be created prior
to or at the time of the oral agreement on the option. The section does not
specify any time within which the necessary writing has to be created. The
important point is that such writing must exist before the action is started
and is in reference to the oral agreement and not that it was made
contemporaneously with the oral agreement.

45 The next two points raised by the first defendant require a consideration
of the documents relied on. First, it is undeniable that the draft option was
not signed. If the requirement of signature of the party to be charged is to
be met, it can only be met by reliance on Ms Kwan’s signature on the
photocopies of the cheques presented by the plaintiff. The question is whether
the draft option may be read jointly with the acknowledgment of receipt
followed by her signature. The issue of whether, and if so when, disparate
documents may be joined was raised in _Joseph Mathew_. There, the Court of
Appeal recognised at [27] that s 6(d) can be satisfied by a joinder of several
documents and went on to approve the observations made in GH Treitel, _The Law
of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 1987) (“ _Treitel_ ”) at p 142:

Where no single document fully records the transaction it may be possible to
produce a sufficient memorandum by joining together two or more documents.

Joinder is, in the first place, possible where one document expressly or
impliedly _refers_ to another transaction. If that transaction is also
recorded in a document, and that document was in existence when the first was
signed the two documents can be joined. [emphasis added]

Even where the first document contains no reference to the second, the two can
be joined if, on placing them side by side, it becomes obvious without the aid
of oral evidence that they are connected. ...

46 The issue of signature has been approached by the courts in a very flexible
manner. This was recognised in _Joseph Mathew_ at [29] of the judgment:

Yet another requirement in s 6(d) is that the note or memorandum must be “
_signed_ ”. In this regard, the observations by Prof Furmston, once again, are
apposite (see _Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston_ ([26]  _supra_) at p 273):

The word ‘signature’ has been _very loosely interpreted_. In the first place,
it need not be a subscription; that is to say, it need not be at the foot of
the memorandum, but may appear in any part of it, from the beginning to the
end. _In the second place, it need not, in the popular sense of the word, be a
‘signature’ at all. A printed slip may suffice, if it contains the name of the
defendant_. The relaxation of the statutory language was well established a
hundred years ago and offers a striking instance of the way in which
legislation may be overlaid by judicial precedent. [emphasis added]

47 The draft option identifies the Property and also the nature of the
consideration both for the option and for the purchase and sale. The photocopy
of the second set of cheques identifies the parties and contains the signature
of Ms Kwan who was an authorised director of the first defendant and the donee
of the second defendant’s power of attorney. Therefore her signature was that
of the parties to be charged in this case. The first defendant’s contention
was that the photocopy of the second set of cheques should not serve as a
memorandum of the agreement because when Ms Kwan signed it she was merely
acknowledging receipt of the cheques. That contention is not sustainable. It
is true that when she signed the photocopy on 8 September 2009, the immediate
purpose of her action was to acknowledge receipt of the cheques. However, she
only received the cheques because she was aware of the agreement between the
plaintiff and the defendants and knew that the cheques were handed to her in
the course of such agreement. She would not have accepted the cheques if the
agreement had not been made.

48 Turning to the question of whether the draft option may be joined to the
second set of cheques, joinder can be effected, as stated by _Treitel_ , where
if two documents are placed side by side, it is obvious they are connected,
without recourse to oral evidence. This is satisfied on the facts of the
present case. The draft option states as its first paragraph:

IN CONSIDERATION of the sum of Singapore Dollars One Hundred and Forty-Five
Thousand Only ... received by HAPPY VALLEY HOLDINGS PTE LTD ... from the
Purchaser this day by way of option money, the Vendor hereby grants the
Purchaser this Option to purchase the above described property ...

When this is juxtaposed with the photocopy of the two cheques made out to
“HAPPY VALLEY HOLDINGS PTE LTD” for the sums of $139,000 and $6,000 which in
total made $145,000, it is clear that the two documents are connected and can
be joined as sufficient memoranda of the oral agreement between parties.

49 Between the two documents, the three “Ps” are satisfied as the property,
price and purchaser are all clearly identified. The main terms are, with one
exception, also contained in the draft option including the consideration and
the date of completion. The exception is of course the date for exercise of
the option. The draft option states that it shall expire at 3pm on 11
September 2009. This term was not agreed. If the date for exercise of the
option was a material term of the agreement between the parties, then there is
a question as to whether the failure to agree on that date is fatal to the
enforcement of the contract.

50 I have said at [35] above that it is likely that the parties were not
bothered about an extended date for exercise of the option. Looking at their
evidence again in this context, it is clear that the plaintiff and Mr Chu were
during their negotiations more concerned about the date of the completion of
the sale and purchase than about the date by which the option should be
exercised. In the circumstances, I find that the date for the exercise of the
option was not a material term and the fact that there was an error in the
date mentioned in the draft option is not fatal to the enforcement of the
contract. At the time of the 31 August 2009 meeting, Mr Chu was very keen to
sell at a higher price than he could get from the purchaser put forward by
BEA. As long as the plaintiff was willing to pay $14.5m and do so in the usual
completion period, he wanted to tie the plaintiff down and was not concerned
that the plaintiff would not have all his funds in until mid-October. I note
in particular that Mr Chu in his evidence in court testified in almost so many
words that the date for exercising the option was never mentioned or
discussed. He also agreed that as far as he was concerned, time was not
important, in a loose sense, as long as the sale was completed at the end of
three months.

51 I therefore hold that the draft option and the acknowledgement of the
plaintiff’s cheques together constitute a sufficient memorandum of the option
agreement to satisfy s 6(d). The first defendant’s further argument that it
was not necessary for the defendants to issue the option because the plaintiff
did not permit them to present the cheques cannot be accepted. The initial set
of cheques could not be presented without confirmation from the plaintiff but
he later agreed to the presentation of the second set of cheques and these
were duly presented and cleared. The plaintiff thereby provided consideration
for the grant of the option and the written document should have been issued
forthwith.

52 The first defendant did argue that the plaintiff had agreed to the cheques
being banked in without obligation on the part of the defendants. Mr Chu’s
evidence was that he had told FC that he was going to travel to Hong Kong to
ask BEA and the second defendant for their permission to sell the Property and
asked that the plaintiff allow the cheques to be banked in pending such
consent. He asserted that the plaintiff accepted this condition. The plaintiff
denied it. I do not accept Mr Chu’s version of events. There was no reason for
the plaintiff to have allowed the first defendant to bank in cheques for a
substantial sum of money on a “no obligation” basis. The plaintiff thought
that the contract had been concluded and knew that he had to pay the option
fee. That was why he agreed to the cheques being paid in. If he had known that
the contract was subject to the consent of third parties, he might have
refused to bank in the cheques because it would be much easier to pay when
agreement was reached rather than to pay first and then have to look to the
first defendant for a refund if the consent of the third parties was refused.

53 Mr Chu’s evidence is also incredible because he had not brought up the
necessity of getting consent from BEA and the second defendant at any time
during the negotiations before the price of $14.5m was accepted. It was Mr
Chu’s evidence that he proposed this price. He did not testify that at that
time he told the plaintiff that the price was subject to approval. Mr Chu was
the one who called for the meeting to be held and at all times he had acted as
if the decision on the price at which the Property should be sold was entirely
within his hands. His evidence that he told FC that he had to get consent must
have been an afterthought. Even if he had said it, it would not have been true
since on 10 September 2009 he knew the bank had brought in the lower offer of
$13.5m which it was willing to accept and the second defendant had already
given Ms Kwan the power to sell the Property.

54 Finally, while it may have been the plaintiff’s evidence that he was not
expecting an option in return for his payment of the $145,000 that does not
change the fact that an agreement was entered into and that it is enforceable
because the requirements of s 6(d) have been met. The plaintiff as a layman
may not have known at that time exactly what to expect but he did know that he
was paying for a contract that would allow him to purchase the Property.

55 As I have found that the provisions of s 6(d) have been satisfied, I do not
have to go on to consider if there was part performance.

The plaintiff’s remedy

56 My finding is that there was a contract between the parties which obliged
the defendants to issue a formal option document to the plaintiff containing
the clause empowering the plaintiff to purchase the Property for $14.5m by
exercising the option in the specified manner. The defendants were not
entitled to ask him to increase his offer to $15.5m to match that made by
Geetex. By doing so and by going on to grant for the sale of the Property to
Geetex at the higher price, the defendants were in breach of their contractual
obligations to the plaintiff. The next issue that arises is as to the remedy
available to the plaintiff.

57 In his original statement of claim, the plaintiff claimed an order for
specific performance requiring the defendants to issue an option to him for
the purchase of the Property at $14.5m. In the alternative, he claimed damages
which he particularised as including the loss of rental from the Property. The
plaintiff amended his statement of claim in January 2011 to remove the claim
for specific performance and to limit the relief sought to general and special
damages. No particulars of special damages were pleaded, however, and
therefore the plaintiff’s claim must be only for general damages.

58 In his closing submissions, the plaintiff dropped his contention that the
general damages payable to him included loss of potential rental from the
Property. This was a wise decision since that was too speculative a claim and
not, as far as I am aware, a head of damages that is generally allowed in
cases such as the present. Instead, the plaintiff claimed that the damages
payable to him should be in the sum of $1m being the amount by which the
defendants had profited by breaching their contract with him.

59 As stated in _Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (3rd Ed
LexisNexis 2009) at 16.122, the general measure of damages for the breach of a
contract for the sale of land is the difference between the market value of
the property at the date of completion and the contract price. The question is
whether this measure should be applied here when the contract that was
breached by the defendants was the option contract rather than the contract
for sale. The first defendant submitted that in reality, the plaintiff’s claim
was for the loss of a chance of owning the Property and that the plaintiff was
not able to prove that the first defendant’s breach of agreement had caused
him to lose this chance because:

(a) the plaintiff did not take any step to exercise the option which he said
should have been issued to him;

(b) the plaintiff did not take any step to protect his interest in the
Property by lodging a caveat; and

(c) the plaintiff did not take any step by way of injunction or otherwise to
prevent the sale to Geetex.

60 With due respect, I do not think that any of the above points affect the
plaintiff’s right to claim damages. The plaintiff was not obliged to attempt
to exercise the option he had when he knew that the defendants had declared
unequivocally that they did not recognise it as a binding contract. The
plaintiff was not obliged to lodge a caveat or to try and prevent the sale to
Geetex. The plaintiff had the option of choosing to claim damages for breach
of contract instead of trying to enforce the option. It is not for the
defendants who are in breach of contract to tell the plaintiff what remedy he
should seek.

61 The relevant question is whether, had the defendants issued the written
option, the plaintiff would have wanted to and been able to exercise it and
complete the purchase of the Property. The first defendant has not contended
that the plaintiff did not have sufficient funds or was not in a position to
obtain such funds to complete the purchase. The evidence was that the
plaintiff was extremely interested in the Property because of its potential to
earn rental income. All six units were tenanted and three of the units were
occupied by the plaintiff’s own company TSPL and therefore the plaintiff must
have thought that the rental prospects for all the units were good. Secondly,
the plaintiff expressed his interest over a period of three months or so and
kept meeting the defendants’ representatives to discuss the purchase. Thirdly,
the plaintiff produced documents to the first defendant to prove that he had
substantial moneys coming in and would be able to complete the purchase.
Fourthly, it was Mr Chu’s own evidence that he had offered to assist the
plaintiff to obtain banking facilities if the plaintiff’s own funds were
insufficient to meet the full purchase price. Mr Chu did not seem to think it
would be a problem to obtain a mortgage loan for 80% of the purchase price
from BEA or for 70% of the purchase price from another bank. In the light of
all the evidence, I hold that had the written option been issued by the
defendants, the plaintiff would have exercised it and would, in due course,
have completed the purchase of the Property.

62 In the circumstances, the damages suffered by the plaintiff would be the
difference between what he would have paid for the Property on completion and
its market value at the date of the defendants’ breach. In this instance, the
market value at the relevant time can be gleaned from the fact that Geetex
paid $15.5m for the Property in October 2009 as against the plaintiff’s price
of $14.5m. Therefore, I agree that the damages payable to the plaintiff should
be the difference of $1m.

63 The first defendant also floated an argument on damages on the basis that
the plaintiff might succeed in his claim due to the application of the
doctrine of part performance. If that happened, the first defendant argued,
the plaintiff would not be entitled to common law damages, and could not claim
damages in equity either, because specific performance was impossible and
damages in equity could not be awarded in lieu of specific performance. I have
found that the plaintiff is entitled to common law damages sounding in
contract because s 6(d) of the Act has been satisfied. Therefore, I do not
have to deal with this alternative argument on damages being unavailable as a
remedy. I should say, however, that I do not find any merit in it in the
circumstances of this case.

Conclusion

64 In the result, there will be judgment for the plaintiff against both
defendants (in the case of second defendant, in default of appearance) in the
sum of $1m and interest thereon from the date of the writ. The first defendant
shall pay the plaintiff the costs of this action.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

