Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lew Kiat Beng _v_ Hiap Seng & Co Pte Ltd and another appeal  
[2011] SGCA 61

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 223 of 2010 and 225 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Soon Yien, Faizal Shah and Petrina Lee (Bernard &
Rada Law Corporation) for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 223 of 2010;
Michael Kuah, Jiang Ke-Yue and Esther Yee (Lee & Lee) for the appellants in
Civil Appeal No 225 of 2010; Lok Vi Ming SC, Audrey Chiang, Calvin Lim, Daryl
Ong and Chu Hua Yi (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the respondent in both appeals.  
Parties| :|  Lew Kiat Beng — Hiap Seng & Co Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 143.]

21 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These were two appeals against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _Hiap Seng & Co Pte Ltd v Lau Chin Hu and others_ [2011] SGHC 143
(“the GD”). The respondent in both appeals was Hiap Seng & Co Pte Ltd (“the
Company”). The appellant in Civil Appeal No 223 of 2010 was Lew Kiat Beng
(“LKB”), and the appellants in Civil Appeal No 225 of 2010 were Lau Chin Hu
(“LCH”) and Law Chin Chai (“LCC”). All three appellants are collectively
referred to as “the Appellants” in these grounds of decision.

2 The Appellants were shareholders and directors of the Company and were also
the defendants in Suit No 133 of 2010 (“the Derivative Action”), which was a
derivative action brought pursuant to leave granted under s 216A of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”). These appeals arose from an
interlocutory application made by the Company in the Derivative Action.

Background

3 On 20 March 2008, two other shareholders and directors of the Company, Law
Chin Eng and Lau Chin Whatt (collectively, “LCE & LCW”), filed Originating
Summons No 372 of 2008 (“OS 372/2008”) to apply for leave under s 216A of the
CA to bring a derivative action in the name of the Company against the
Appellants. LCE & LCW alleged that the Appellants had breached their fiduciary
duties to the Company.

4 On 30 September 2009, LCE & LCW were granted leave to commence a derivative
action against the Appellants for some alleged breaches of fiduciary duties.
LCE & LCW were authorised to control the conduct of the action and any
execution proceedings thereafter (see _Law Chin Eng and Another v Hiap Seng &
Co Pte Ltd (Lau Chin Hu and others, applicants)_ [2009] SGHC 223 at [42]). An
appeal against the order granting leave was dismissed. Subsequently, LCE & LCW
commenced the Derivative Action by filing a Writ of Summons and Statement of
Claim on behalf of the Company.

Events leading to the making of the Judge’s order on discovery

5 After the close of pleadings, an Assistant Registrar directed on 26 August
2010 that the parties were to file and exchange their respective Lists of
Documents and affidavits verifying the same by 16 September 2010 under O 24 r
1 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). Despite being
directors of the Company, LCE & LCW had no access to its office premises as
they were not involved in its operations. Hence, their solicitors wrote to the
Appellants on 27 August 2010 and asked the Appellants to procure documents of
the Company which were relevant to matters in the Derivative Action for LCE &
LCW to inspect at the Company’s premises, so that LCE & LCW could file a List
of Documents on behalf of the Company. LKB’s solicitors responded on 30 August
2010, stating that LKB would not accede to LCE & LCW’s request. LCW affirmed
that when LCW & LCE turned up at the Company’s office on 31 August 2010, they
were refused entry.

6 On 1 September 2010, LCE & LCW filed Summons No 4129 of 2010 (“the
Application”) in the Derivative Action. In his affidavit filed for the
purposes of the Application, LCW stated that it was necessary for LCE & LCW to
have access to and to inspect the Company’s documents that were relevant to
the Derivative Action in order for them to fulfil the Company’s discovery
obligations. In his affidavit, LCW also relied on his right as a director to
inspect the accounting and other records of the Company under s 199(3) of the
CA.

7 The Assistant Registrar dismissed the Application on 23 September 2010. The
Company’s appeal was heard and allowed by the Judge on 10 November 2010. The
order that was made by the Judge (“the Order”) obliged the Appellants to:

(a) give LCE & LCW and their solicitors and/or other representatives access to
the Company’s premises or such other place where the Company’s records might
be kept for them to inspect and take copies of: (i) the Company’s documents
which explained the transactions and financial position of the Company, and
(ii) the Company’s documents which were relevant to matters raised in the
Statement of Claim; and

(b) release and/or give LCE & LCW access to “such documents which [the
Appellants] ha[d] within their possession, custody or power, which [were]
documents belonging to [the Company] or which ought to be documents within the
possession, custody or power of [the Company]” in relation to matters raised
in the Statement of Claim.

The documents described in the Order are henceforth referred to as “the
Requested Documents”.

Events after the Order was made

8 Pursuant to the Order, LCE & LCW inspected the Requested Documents at the
premises of LKB’s solicitors on 23 November 2010. LKB’s solicitors then wrote
to LCE & LCW’s solicitors on 26 November 2010 enclosing a list of the
documents which were inspected by LCE & LCW. In that letter, LKB also sought
confirmation of whether LCE & LCW required any other documents in relation to
the Order. LCH and LCC took positions similar to LKB’s.

9 LCE & LCW’s solicitors replied by letter on 2 December 2010, claiming that
the Appellants had been deficient in complying with the Order, and alleging
that there were numerous documents which fell within the scope of the Order
but which were not produced during the inspection on 23 November 2010. LCE &
LCW’s solicitors listed examples of documents which they alleged the
Appellants had “suppressed”, “deliberately withheld”, “unilaterally filtered”,
“selectively extracted” and “deliberately sanitised”. The letter of 2 December
2010 from LCE & LCW’s solicitors concluded sternly with a “demand that [LKB]
comply with the Order and furnish all other documents that have not been
furnished but which ought to have been so furnished under the Order
_forthwith_ ” [underlining in original].

10 The Appellants were initially willing to proceed to conduct discovery in
the Derivative Action and to forgo these appeals on the correctness of the
Order. However, they were aggrieved by what they saw as unwarranted
allegations made against them and the spectre of contempt proceedings since
LCE & LCW refused to confirm that the Order had been fully complied with.
Hence, they filed these appeals on 10 December 2010 to set aside the Order.
That was insufficient to prevent LCE & LCW’s solicitors from persisting in
their threats and allegations, resulting in the Appellants having to apply for
a stay of execution on the Order, which stay they obtained on 6 January 2011.

11 The parties eventually filed their respective Lists of Documents and
affidavits verifying the same on 15 April 2011. But, they continued their
acrimonious exchanges from 20 April 2011 to 17 June 2011, which created much
heat but no light. The letters issuing from LCE & LCW’s solicitors were
consistently impolite and created unnecessary acrimony even at the
interlocutory stage.

12 Against the backdrop of the discovery process which had begun and the Order
(the execution of which had been stayed), the parties’ solicitors continued to
dispute: (a) whether the Appellants had provided all of the Requested
Documents to LCE & LCW; (b) the proper treatment of the documents that were
discovered pursuant to the Order; and (c) whether the Order, which had not
specified any timelines for its completion, was still in force.

13 Because the Lists of Documents had already been filed in general discovery,
it should have been apparent to the solicitors for LCE & LCW that the quickest
and simplest step to take was to seek specific discovery under O 24 r 5 of the
ROC if they considered that certain documents that ought to have been
disclosed by the Appellants, pursuant to the Appellants’ discovery
obligations, had not been disclosed. However, no application for specific
discovery was taken out by LCE & LCW. The Appellants’ solicitors, on the other
hand, became confused about LCE & LCW’s legal basis for making continual
demands on the Appellants for production of the allegedly suppressed
documents.

14 The correspondence exchanged between the parties after general discovery
reflected three points. First, it demonstrated that the nature and scope of
the Order produced an inefficient and unsatisfactory discovery process. The
parties were compelled to deal with two criss-crossing procedural tracks aimed
at surfacing the same relevant documents. One track originated from the Order,
which did not provide any means to determine whether it had been complied with
or had ceased to have effect. The second track sprang from the usual discovery
process under O 24 of the ROC and required the Appellants, as the Company’s
directors, to disclose the very same documents. Secondly, the correspondence
between the parties revealed that it was undisputed that it was the Appellants
who had possession, custody or power over the Requested Documents. Thirdly,
the said correspondence confirmed that the Application was, from the outset,
not necessary for the proper conduct of the Derivative Action because all that
LCE & LCW had to do, after filing their List of Documents, was to avail
themselves of the specific discovery mechanism to seek from the Appellants any
documents allegedly missing from the Requested Documents, which missing
documents the Appellants would then have to include in a supplementary List of
Documents. This point was also established at the hearing of the present
appeals, where counsel for the parties were asked whether they needed any
consequential orders to be made if the Order was set aside, and none of them
thought that was necessary.

The decision below

15 The Judge considered the two grounds which LCE & LCW had relied on to make
the Application – first, that it was necessary for LCE & LCW to have access to
and to inspect the Requested Documents in order for the Company to fulfil its
discovery obligations in the Derivative Action; and secondly, that LCE & LCW
were entitled, _qua_ directors of the Company, to inspect the Requested
Documents under s 199(3) of the CA because they were also company documents
(see the GD at [5]).

16 The Order was granted on neither of these grounds. The Judge disposed of
the latter ground swiftly, stating that LCE & LCW’s reliance on s 199(3) of
the CA was misplaced since they were not seeking access to the Requested
Documents “for themselves _qua_ directors” (see the GD at [10]). The Judge was
right, and we affirmed this decision. We should add that the Application was
also procedurally wrong in so far as it was based on s 199(3) of the CA. An
application under s 199(3) of the CA falls within the ambit of O 88 r 2(1) of
the ROC, and must be brought by way of an originating summons.

The Judge’s reasons for making the Order

17 To decide whether or not to grant the Order, the Judge formulated the
issues as follows (at [1] of the GD):

(a) what was the right of a party having control of the conduct of a
derivative action to the company’s documents; and

(b) what was the duty of the parties having possession and control of the
relevant company documents in terms of giving the party having control of the
conduct of the derivative action access to those documents.

The Judge provided two grounds for making the Order.

Right of LCE & LCW as the parties conducting the Derivative Action

18 First, the Judge considered that because LCE & LCW controlled the conduct
of the Derivative Action, they also owed a duty to ensure that the Derivative
Action was prosecuted properly and diligently. He explained what such a duty
entailed (at [11] of the GD):

… Towards that end, it is necessary for [LCE & LCW] to review all the
documents relevant to the action so that the best case can be pleaded and
presented on behalf of [the Company]. The duty is not confined to reviewing
documents in [LCE & LCW’s] possession, and extends to [the Company’s]
documents which are not in their possession. [LCE & LCW] would be in
dereliction of their duty if they neglected to have access to such documents
and to review them.

19 In our view, whilst it was true that LCE & LCW needed the Requested
Documents in order to prosecute the Derivative Action properly and diligently,
they did not need to have access to the Requested Documents at that point in
time. LCE & LCW was already in possession of sufficient evidence to establish
a _prima facie_ case for the purposes of OS 372/2008 (_viz_ , the application
for leave to commence a derivative action) and then to file a particularised
Statement of Claim in the Derivative Action. If the right to have access to
the Requested Documents was intended to enable them to “plead and present” a
case, that was not required. If the right was meant to allow them to plead and
present the “ _best_ case” [emphasis added], that was also not needed. LCE &
LCW could simply amend the Statement of Claim after discovery to take into
account any evidence disclosed by the Appellants which they had yet to
consider. No prejudice would be suffered by the Company because the documents
which the Appellants would have to disclose in the course of discovery would
necessarily include the Requested Documents as defined by the Application and
the Order.

Duty of the Appellants as directors of the Company

20 Secondly, the Judge held that the Appellants, as directors of the Company,
were under a particular duty to act in the interests of the Company, and, to
that end, must allow LCE & LCW to have access to the Company’s documents. The
duty was described in this way (at [12] of the GD):

… [The Appellants] must recognise [LCE & LCW’s] right to pursue the action on
behalf of [the Company]. If there are such documents in their possession and
control as directors of [the Company], then [the Appellants] must allow [LCE &
LCW] to have access to the documents. … [The Appellants] cannot withhold the
relevant documents of [the Company] from [LCE & LCW] who have control of the
case on behalf of [the Company], and their refusal to give access was, _prima
facie_ , a breach of their directors’ duties to act in the interests of [the
Company], and that includes giving assistance to [the Company] to prosecute
the action effectively, and not to hinder its efforts.

21 We disagreed that such a duty existed _at that stage of the proceedings_.
With respect, the Judge’s reasoning overlooked the fact that while the
Appellants were the Company’s directors, they were also defendants who were
being sued as directors of the Company. Hence, their conduct at the
interlocutory stage was already and should continue to be governed by what
ordinary civil procedure required a defendant to do at the pre-trial stage.

22 As defendants to the Derivative Action, the Appellants were under no
obligation to provide any documents to the plaintiff (_viz_ , the Company)
until general discovery was ordered. Since it was undisputed that the
Appellants had possession, custody or power over the Requested Documents, it
should have been understood by all parties that the Appellants would disclose
them in the course of the discovery process. In fact, the Appellants did
disclose the Requested Documents on 15 April 2011 and 14 June 2011 in their
respective Lists of Documents and affirmed affidavits verifying the same.

23 To require the Appellants to provide LCE & LCW with relevant company
documents prior to discovery by virtue of their directorships was not only
onerous, but also unfair in the context of the suit against them (_viz_ , the
Derivative Action) for alleged breaches of their duties as directors.
Therefore, we did not accept either of the Judge’s reasons for granting the
Application. The GD did not evaluate the issue of whether the Order was
required to enable LCE & LCW to fulfil the Company’s discovery obligations. We
considered that a relevant issue and we will address it below.

Regularity of the Application

24 Apart from the two grounds stated by the Judge for making the Order, in
relation to the regularity of the Application, the Judge emphasised that the
Application was made in the context of or pursuant to the leave granted in OS
372/2008 to institute the Derivative Action, and that the right of access to
the relevant documents of the Company flowed from the authority to institute
the Derivative Action (see the GD at [13] and [18]). Thus, he was of the view
that it was procedurally proper that the Application was made by a summons as
part of the Derivative Action, which was ongoing, and that the court had the
power to grant the Application. This reasoning assumed that the outcome of an
application for leave to commence a derivative action would continue to
control or influence how the subsequent derivative action was conducted.
However, the nature and extent of this control or influence was not
articulated by the Judge.

The issues on appeal

25 In view of the foregoing, there were two issues that this court had to
consider in these appeals: whether the court had the power to grant the
Application in the Derivative Action; and whether the Order was necessary to
enable LCE & LCW to satisfy the Company’s discovery obligations.

Did the court have the power to grant the Application in the Derivative
Action?

26 In our view, whether the court had the power to grant the Application in
the Derivative Action depended on the relationship between a leave application
under s 216A of the CA and the ensuing derivative suit. In Canada, the courts
have heard applications under the relevant Canadian legislation made by a
derivative plaintiff, who has been granted control of the conduct of a
derivative action, for access to the plaintiff company’s documents or other
information. Those applications were also made as part of the derivative
action (see _Discovery Enterprises Inc v Ebco Industries Ltd_ (2001) 86 BCLR
(3d) 120 (“ _Discovery Enterprises_ ”) and _345457 BC Ltd v Brian A Tieszen
and others_ [2001] BCSC 26 (“ _Tieszen_ ”)). Counsel for LCE & LCW relied on
these two Canadian authorities to justify the correctness of the Order
(discussed below at [34]–[36]).

27 However, the relevant provisions in the applicable companies legislation of
Canada and Singapore are different. Section 233(3)(_a_) of the Business
Corporations Act 2002 (c 57) (BC) (“s 233(3)(_a_) BCBCA”) (which is identical
in wording to its predecessor legislation, s 201(4) of the Company Act 1996 (c
62) (BC) (“Company Act 1996”), the applicable statute in _Discovery
Enterprises_ and _Tieszen_) provides:

(3) While an action brought or defended under this section is pending, the
Court may,

(_a_) on the application of a member or director, authorize any person to
control the conduct of the action or give any other directions for the conduct
of the action …

On the other hand, s 216A(5) of the CA provides:

In granting leave under this section, the Court may make such orders or
interim orders as it thinks fit in the interests of justice, including (but
not limited to) the following:

(_a_) an order authorising the complainant or any other person to control the
conduct of the action;

(_b_) an order giving directions for the conduct of the action;

…

There is a material difference between the two provisions. Under s 216A(5) of
the CA, our courts are limited to making an order giving directions for the
conduct of the action “[i]n granting leave” under s 216A. The plain wording of
the statute means that after leave has been granted, the Singapore courts can
no longer give such directions. On the other hand, s 233(3)(_a_) BCBCA
provides for greater flexibility and the Canadian courts are able to continue
giving directions for the conduct of a derivative action while the derivative
action is “pending”, that is, after leave has been granted. The interlocutory
applications that were made in the substantive actions themselves in the
Canadian authorities cited by LCE & LCW were therefore unexceptional in the
context of Canadian legislation.

28 In the present case, what LCE & LCW sought in the Application were arguably
“directions for the conduct of the action”, which fell under s 216A(5)(_b_) of
the CA. The court, “[i]n granting leave” in OS 372/2008, could have directed
the intended defendants in the prospective derivative action to hand over the
Requested Documents to the successful complainants (if they had known what
those documents were). Here, the court did not give any such directions
because LCE & LCW did not ask for them.

29 However, the failure to seek the court’s directions concerning the
Requested Documents at that stage of the proceedings (assuming that directions
were needed) would not be fatal because the phrase “control [of] the conduct
of the action” in s 216A(5)(_a_) of the CA should be construed purposively.
Hence, a derivative plaintiff, armed with a leave order, would nevertheless be
entitled to do whatever was necessary for the derivative action to be brought
in a fair manner for adjudication by the court at a trial, whether or not
there were specific directions in the leave order to that effect. The
threshold must be one of “necessity” because any less stringent standard would
render s 216A(5)(_b_) of the CA otiose. Hence, the court below had the power
to hear the Application and grant it since it was properly brought by LCE &
LCW, as empowered by the court’s leave order in OS 372/2008 (see above at
[4]), in relation to the conduct of the Derivative Action. However, the
Application should have been granted only if it was necessary in order for LCE
& LCW to conduct the Derivative Action in a fair manner.

Was the Order needed to enable LCE & LCW to satisfy the Company’s discovery
obligations?

30 For LCE & LCW to conduct the Derivative Action fairly, they must satisfy
the Company’s pre-trial obligations, one of which was its discovery
obligations _vis-à-vis_ the Appellants. Accordingly, LCE & LCW contended that
the Order was needed so that the Company could fulfil its discovery
obligations. The validity of their argument depended on the scope of the
Company’s discovery obligations. We held that the Company’s discovery
obligations did not extend to disclosing the Requested Documents which were
not in the possession, custody or power of LCE & LCW. The irony in cases of
this nature is that only the defendant director (in this case, the Appellants)
would have full knowledge of the documents or other information relevant to
the derivative action. Therefore, until the court was made aware of what
documents the Appellants had in their possession, it could not and should not
have made the Order in the form and the substance which it did. As a result,
the Judge made an Order which was not only unnecessary, but also couched in
such wide terms that it created the serious problems which we have outlined
above at [8]–[14].

The scope of a plaintiff company’s discovery obligations

31 Order 24 r 1(1) of the ROC provides:

Subject to this Rule and Rules 2 and 7, the Court may at any time order any
party to a cause or matter (whether begun by writ, originating summons or
otherwise) to give discovery by making and serving on any other party a list
of the documents which are or have been in his possession, custody or power,
and may at the same time or subsequently also order him to make and file an
affidavit verifying such a list to serve a copy thereof on the other party.

There is no provision in the ROC which applies specifically to the conduct of
derivative actions. The terms “any party”, “any other party” and “the other
party” in the context of a derivative action would appear to contemplate only
the plaintiff company and the defendants. However, there is nothing in the ROC
to preclude the court from taking into consideration the status of the person
who has control of the conduct of the derivative action (the _de facto_
(derivative) plaintiff, who will hereafter be referred to as the “ _de facto_
plaintiff”) when delineating the scope of the discovery obligations of the
plaintiff company (the “ _de jure_ plaintiff”).

32 Indeed, it is our view that the scope of the plaintiff company’s discovery
obligations in a derivative action should be determined by two factors. First,
the litigation status of both the _de facto_ plaintiff and the defendant
should be taken into account. Secondly, any directions made by the court under
s 216A(5)(_b_) of the CA in granting leave to commence the derivative action
must be considered. Since no relevant directions were given at the leave stage
in this case, only the first factor will be discussed.

The relevance of the status of the de facto plaintiff and the defendant

33 In Canada, the nature of a derivative action has been considered by the
courts. The cases cited to us show that the Canadian judges have regard to the
status of the _de facto_ plaintiff and the defendant in determining the rights
and obligations of the various parties during the pre-trial phase.

34 _Discovery Enterprises_ (see above at [26]) was a case which considered the
rights of a _de facto_ plaintiff in the pre-trial context. A shareholder
(“Discovery”) had obtained leave to sue the company’s directors (“the
Eppiches”) on behalf of the company (“Ebco”). In the derivative action,
Discovery applied, in the name of and on behalf of Ebco, for orders permitting
it to conduct examinations for discovery of, amongst others, a representative
of Ebco under r 27(3) of the then-existing Supreme Court Rules 1990 (Reg
221/90) (BC) (“Supreme Court Rules”). The Eppiches opposed Discovery’s
application to examine a representative of Ebco. Rule 27(3) of the Supreme
Court Rules stated:

A party to an action may examine for discovery any party adverse in interest.

In that case (at [35]), Pitfield J agreed with the Eppiches that r 27(3) did
not entitle Discovery, the _de facto_ plaintiff, to examine anyone because it
was not “a party to the action”. However, Pitfield J also asked himself
whether such a result promoted the ends of justice, or whether some other
result was permitted, having regard to other provisions of the Company Act
1996 (see above at [27]). He overcame any disadvantage to Discovery by
allowing counsel for Discovery, who was acting in Ebco’s name, to examine the
Eppiches for the purpose of the derivative action, and by also allowing the
Eppiches to examine Ebco’s representatives for the purpose of defending the
derivative action. Such directions ensured that Discovery would suffer little
disadvantage in the derivative action from Discovery not being allowed to
examine the Eppiches. The interpretation in _Discovery Enterprises_ could not
be applied here because it concerned a very different provision, and because
that case was about the right of a _de facto_ plaintiff, whereas in the
present appeals, we were concerned with the obligation of a _de jure_
plaintiff. In our view, the importance of _Discovery Enterprises_ lay,
instead, in the pragmatic approach which Pitfield J took in resolving the
issue. The overriding concern there was that the pre-trial procedures must be
performed in a way which promoted the ends of civil justice, that is, they
must enable the parties to prosecute and defend the claim fairly.

35 _Discovery Enterprises_ was also different from the present case because
there, the board of directors of the _de jure_ plaintiff had a disinterested
segment which could represent the _de jure_ plaintiff’s distinct interests in
the litigation. In the subsequent case of _Tieszen_ (see above at [26]), there
were only two opposing camps because the dissolved plaintiff company
(“Sunrich”) was restored to the register of companies only for the purpose of
enabling one of its shareholders (“Shinil Park”) to bring a derivative action
against another shareholder (“BT Foods”). Shinil Park applied for the
discovery of Sunrich’s files which were held by BT Foods’ solicitors. BT Foods
resisted the application on the basis that the said files were protected by
solicitor-client privilege. The judge held that Shinil Park was entitled to
review Sunrich’s files on behalf of Sunrich.

36 _Tieszen_ must be distinguished, however, as it was concerned with the
different issue of whether Shinil Park could have access to the relevant
documents of Sunrich at all, and not when or why he should have them. The
purpose of Shinil Park seeking access was not about fulfilling any discovery
obligations on behalf of Sunrich. BT Foods resisted the application not
because they were willing to provide the documents to Shinil Park at a later
time via discovery, but because the documents were allegedly privileged. The
judge held that: (a) Sunrich’s solicitor-client privilege was not for BT
Foods, a shareholder, to exercise; and (b) given that Sunrich had been
restored to the register purely for Shinil Park to bring a derivative action
in its name, Shinil Park must be entitled to the documents of Sunrich.

The Company’s discovery obligations in the present case

37 In the present appeals, we adopted the pragmatic approach applied by the
Canadian courts in delineating a company’s pre-trial obligations in a
derivative action. In the context of discovery, this approach meant that
although the Company was the _de jure_ plaintiff in the Derivative Action and
was _prima facie_ “a party to a cause” under O 24 of the ROC, its discovery
obligations must reflect the fact that there were only two sets of
antagonistic shareholder-directors in the Company – LCE & LCW on the one hand,
and the Appellants on the other. There were no disinterested shareholders or
directors involved. Hence, it was only commonsensical that the Requested
Documents must be in the possession, custody or power of either one or both
camps. Naturally, since LCE & LCW did not have the Requested Documents, they
must be with the Appellants.

38 Therefore, the Company, acting through LCE & LCW, should not and was not
obliged to disclose the Requested Documents in the Derivative Action, even
though they might belong to the Company. It was held by the English Court of
Appeal in _Re Tecnion Investments Ltd_ [1985] BCLC 434 that even a director
with dominant control and a majority shareholding may not _per se_ have power
over some company documents and therefore need not disclose them in discovery
in an action against him. LCE & LCW were in an even less important position
than the directors in _Re Tecnion Investments Ltd_ because they were neither
directors involved in the Company’s operations nor its majority shareholders.
To require LCE & LCW to disclose the Requested Documents as part of the
Company’s discovery obligations would be excessive and unnecessary for the
fair conduct of the Derivative Action.

39 The fact that LCE & LCW were acting on behalf of the Company instead of in
their personal capacities did not bring about a material difference to their
discovery obligations. A situation where the company itself (despite being the
_de jure_ plaintiff) does not have relevant documents of its own in its
possession, custody or power for the purposes of disclosing them as a party to
a derivative action is not uncommon. In those situations, third-party
discovery can be sought if the company documents are necessary for the fair
disposal of the derivative action. Alternatively, the company can file an
affidavit stating what has happened to those documents. In the present case,
LCE & LCW simply needed to state, either at the time when the court gave
orders for discovery or in their List of Documents filed on behalf of the
Company, that the Requested Documents were in the Appellants’ possession,
custody or power, and wait for the Appellants to disclose them.

Observations on the right of a _de facto_ plaintiff to disclosure of company
documents

Such right should not be over-extensive

40 The _de facto_ plaintiff who has control of the conduct of the derivative
action must have access to the relevant company documents to prosecute the
action. But, this right of access must not be over-extensive; otherwise,
confusion and excesses resulting in inefficiency will result, as happened in
this case. The civil justice system already has in place a mechanism for the
_de facto_ plaintiff to receive relevant company documents at an appropriate
time and forum, regardless of: (a) whether or not the documents are owned by
the _de jure_ plaintiff, and (b) whether or not they are in the possession of
the defendants. It comes in the form of O 24 of the ROC. We further agreed
with the observation of Collins MR in _James Nelson & Sons, Limited v Nelson
Line (Liverpool), Limited_ [1906] 2 KB 217 (at 222) that the whole matter of
discovery has been the subject of special legislation, _viz_ , the ROC, and we
are limited by its express provisions. On a purposive reading of those
provisions, there was no lacuna in the law which had to be filled in order to
promote the ends of civil justice in the present case.

41 A court order made pursuant to s 216A of the CA that certain complainants
are to have control of the conduct of a derivative action does not and ought
not, without more, entitle the _de facto_ plaintiffs to have, for the purposes
of filing a List of Documents on behalf of the company, access to relevant
company documents which they do not already have. It is neither necessary nor
desirable to imply that _de facto_ plaintiffs, who are usually shareholders,
have to disclose, on behalf of the _de jure_ plaintiff, relevant company
documents which are not in their possession, custody or power when the very
same documents have to be disclosed by the defendant directors pursuant to
their discovery obligations. The _de jure_ plaintiff’s discovery obligation
should correspond, as far as practicable, to relevant company documents which
are already in the _de facto_ plaintiff’s existing possession, custody or
power. This division of burdens in the discovery context is fair, efficient
and clear to apply.

The de facto plaintiff does not own the company’s documents

42 Lastly, we would add, for completeness, that a _de facto_ plaintiff’s right
of access to company documents which are relevant to a derivative action
cannot be based on his ownership of those documents because he does not own
them. When granted the right to conduct a derivative action, the _de facto_
plaintiff, who is usually a shareholder, does not become the owner of the
company’s documents. Even in the usual course of business where a director
manages a company, he does not own any of the company’s documents, but merely
has access to them for the purpose of managing the company. If such a director
is denied access to company documents for that purpose, he must rely on his
separate statutory right to seek access to those documents, and cannot do so
by claiming to exercise any ownership right of the company. There is no
justification to identify a _de facto_ plaintiff as the company, and therefore
capable of exercising its ownership rights over its documents, when he is
merely acting on behalf of the company for a particular purpose, similar to
how a director ordinarily acts on behalf of a company.

43 Conversely, there are good commercial and legal reasons why a right of
access to company documents should not be elevated to the right of ownership
in a derivative action. The typical _de facto_ plaintiff is a shareholder who
usually has no right of access to the company’s documents. The court should
therefore be wary of granting such access to the _de facto_ plaintiff by
making an order on such extensive terms as the Order (see above at [7]), which
appeared to be premised on identifying the _de facto_ plaintiffs (_viz_ , LCE
& LCW) as or equating them with the Company. The safeguards provided in the
Order were also not feasible. Although the Order limited LCE & LCW to having
access to documents that were relevant to the matters raised in the Derivative
Action, this stipulation was insufficient to prevent the execution of the
Order from morphing into a search order in practical terms. It cannot be
doubted that the right of access to relevant company documents is essential
for a _de facto_ plaintiff to conduct a derivative action, but such right can
be adequately effectuated through the existing discovery mechanism provided by
the ROC.

Conclusion

44 In the light of the above reasons, we allowed both appeals with the usual
consequential orders. The costs here and below were awarded to the Appellants
in any event.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

