Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ferrero SPA _v_ Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 176

Case Number| :| Suit No 9 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravindran, Sukumar Karuppiah and Justin Blaze George
(Ravindran Associates) for the plaintiff; Tan Tee Jim SC and Zechariah Chan
Jin Han (Lee & Lee) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ferrero SPA — Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd  
  
26 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated under the laws of Italy. It
manufactures and sells confectionary goods, including a cocoa-based hazelnut
bread spread under the brand “Nutella”. The Defendant is a company
incorporated under the laws of Singapore. It is in the business of retail in
food and beverage and the wholesale of coffee, cocoa and tea. It owns and
operates the café outlets known as “tcc – Art Boutique Caffe”, now known as
“tcc – the connoisseur concerto” (“TCC”).

Factual background

2 The Plaintiff manufactures and markets world renown brands of confectionery
such as “Ferrero Rocher”, “Nutella”, “Confetteria Raffaello”, the “Kinder”
brand series (comprising “Kinder Bueno”, “Kinder Chocolate” and “Kinder
Surprise”), “Mon Cheri” and “Tic Tac”.

3 With regard to the “Nutella” brand, the Plaintiff is the registered
proprietor of the following marks in Class 30 of the International
Classification of Goods and Services (“ICGS”) in Singapore (collectively
referred to as the “‘Nutella’ marks”):

No |  Trade Mark No |  Trade mark |  Specifications  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  T73/59592H (registered on 16 August 1973) |  ![](data:image/png;base64,) |  Confectionery, baking powder, chocolate products, cream comprising cocoa with or without other ingredients.  
2 |  T82/01892B (registered on 16 April 1982) |  ![](data:image/png;base64,) |  Chocolate cream spread.  
3 |  T04/09636H (registered on 15 June 2004) |  ![](data:image/png;base64,) |  Pastry and confectionery, chocolate candies, chocolate biscuits, chocolate bars, chocolate spreads and ice creams.  
  
  

4 For clarity, the trade mark reproduced in the first row above (T73/59592H)
will be referred to as “the ‘Nutella’ word mark”, whereas all the three trade
marks above will be referred to collectively as “the ‘Nutella’ trade marks”.

5 On 1 August 2007, the Defendant introduced a new gourmet hot coffee beverage
served in a shot glass (the “‘Nutello’ drink”, or the “Defendant’s product”)
under the “Nutello” sign (the “‘Nutello’ sign”), prepared at TCC outlets by
the Defendant’s baristas. I have been careful to use the word “sign” in
describing the term “Nutello”, as the word “sign” has a specifically defined
meaning in the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”). Section 2(1) of
the TMA defines the term “sign” as:

any letter, word, name, signature, numeral, device, brand, heading, label,
ticket, shape, colour, aspect of packaging or any combination thereof.

6 This is the most generic description available under the TMA, and it is
necessary to use such a term so as to distinguish a “sign” from a “trade
mark”, the latter having its own statutorily defined meaning of (s 2(1) of the
TMA):

[a]ny sign capable of being represented graphically and which is capable of
distinguishing goods or services dealt with or provided in the course of trade
by a person from goods or services so dealt with or provided by any other
person

7 It is clear from the definitions of “sign” and “trade mark” reproduced above
that all trade marks are signs, but that the converse is not true. Some
confusion arose in this case as a result of counsel for the Defendant
referring to “Nutello” as a “mark”, when what he appeared to have meant was
that “Nutello” was a “sign” (see [37]  _et seq_). To avoid such confusion, I
have consistently used the generic term “sign” to describe “Nutello”
throughout this judgment.

8 In the Defendant’s TCC Drinks Gallery Menu, the “Nutello” drink was featured
under the “Espresso Specialties” section. The “Nutello” drink is served in a
shot glass and consists of, _inter alia_ , espresso, milk foam, cocoa powder
and “Nutella” chocolate cream spread. The TCC Drinks Gallery Menu describes
“Nutello” as “Espresso with lashings of nutella – perfect for cocoa lovers!”
Each “Nutello” drink is priced at S$5.60, excluding government taxes and
service charge.

9 Since the launch of the “Nutello” drink, the “Nutello” name has been used in
various representations in the Defendant’s promotional materials:

No |  Menu |  Representation  
---|---|---  
1 |  2009 Drinks Gallery menu |  ![](data:image/png;base64,)  
2 |  Booklet |  ![](data:image/png;base64,)  
3 |  Website |  ![](data:image/png;base64,)  
  
  

10 On 3 December 2009, the Plaintiff issued a cease-and-desist letter to the
Defendant objecting to the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” name and the
description “Nutello – Espresso with lashings of nutella – perfect for cocoa
lovers!” The Plaintiff demanded, _inter alia_ , payment of S$50,000 as
damages.

11 On 15 December 2009, the Defendant requested for an extension of one month,
_ie_ till 17 January 2010, to respond to the Plaintiff’s letter. However, the
Plaintiff refused to accede to such a request by way of a letter dated 16
December 2009. The Plaintiff initiated the present action on 6 January 2010.

12 In July 2010, by reason of an annual overhaul of the entire Drinks Gallery
Menu, the Defendant discontinued sales of the “Nutello” drink.

The Plaintiff’s Claims

13 In the Plaintiff’s statement of claim, the Plaintiff alleged that the
Defendant:

(a) Infringed the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” _word mark_ under s 27(2)(b) of the
TMA by using a similar sign on identical and/or similar goods (hereinafter,
the “trade mark infringement claim”); and/or

(b) Infringed the Plaintiff’s well known “Nutella” trade marks by
(hereinafter, the “well known trade mark infringement claim”):

(i) using a similar sign on identical and/or similar goods, which is likely to
cause confusion (under s 55(2) of the TMA);

(ii) using a similar sign, in relation to _any_ types of goods, such as to
indicate a connection between those goods and the Plaintiff, and is likely to
damage the Plaintiff’s interests (under s 55(3)(a) of the TMA);

(iii) using a similar sign, in relation to _any_ types of goods, which would:

(A) cause dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of the
Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks (under s 55(3)(b)(i) of the TMA); or

(B) take unfair advantage of the distinctive character of the Plaintiff’s
“Nutella” marks (under s 55(3)(b)(ii) of the TMA).

(c) Committed the tort of passing off (hereinafter, the “passing off claim”).

14 This judgment proceeds to address the various claims made by the Plaintiff.
I would note at the outset that many aspects of the various claims overlap
with each other, even if, at times, they do not adopt the same legal parlance.
Accordingly, in order to streamline the analysis, extensive use of cross-
referencing – even across different heads of claim – will be adopted where
appropriate.

15 It should be noted that while injunctions and damages may be ordered under
the trade mark infringement claim and the passing off claim, the only relief
with regard to the claim of well known trade mark infringement is limited to a
restraining injunction.

16 I turn first to consider the trade mark infringement claim.

The trade mark infringement claim (s 27(2)(b) of the TMA)

17 The Plaintiff’s trade mark infringement claim is based only on one of the
Plaintiff’s registrations, _viz_ , the “Nutella” word mark.

18 The issues presented by the trade mark infringement claim are multiple and
complex. Accordingly, I shall provide a brief overview on the structure of the
analysis adopted in this judgment.

19 The trade mark infringement claim is premised on s 27(2)(b) of the TMA
which provides:

(2) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he _uses in the course of trade_ a sign where
_because_ —

…

(b) the sign is _similar_ to the trade mark and is used in relation to _goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered_ ,

there _exists a likelihood of confusion_ on the part of the public.

[emphasis added]

20 Before infringement under s 27(2)(b) of the TMA can be considered, an
important threshold issue is whether the infringing sign must be _used as a
trade mark_ in the course of trade (“the threshold issue”). This issue will be
dealt with in greater detail below (see [29]  _et seq_).

21 Assuming the threshold issue has been resolved in favour of the Plaintiff,
the Plaintiff must still show three elements in order to establish an
infringement under s 27(2)(b) of the TMA. The three elements are, namely (_The
Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop-In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 (“
_Polo_ ”) at [8]; cited in _City Chain Stores (S) Pte Ltd v Louis Vuitton
Malletier_ [2010] 1 SLR 382 (“ _City Chain_ ”) at [43]):

(a) The alleged offending sign must be similar to the registered mark
(hereinafter, “similarity of marks”);

(b) Both the sign and the mark must be used in relation to similar goods or
services (hereinafter, “similarity of goods”); and

(c) On account of the presence of the first two conditions, there exists a
likelihood of confusion on the part of the public (hereinafter, “likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public”).

22 These elements will be analysed in greater detail below. However, two
points should be noted here. First, although there is some link and overlap in
the three conditions, it is clear that they are distinct conditions – the fact
that a sign is _similar_ to a registered mark, and/or that it is used on
_similar goods_ , _does not automatically mean_ that there will be a
likelihood of confusion on the part of the public (_Polo_ at [8]; _City Chain_
at [44]). Second, the third question of whether there exists a likelihood of
confusion need not be considered if either of the first two conditions is not
satisfied. This is because the “global assessment test” – a test which focuses
on the ultimate question of whether there is a likelihood of confusion – has
been decisively rejected by the Court of Appeal in _Polo_ (see _Polo_ at [8];
and see _City Chain_ at [44]).

23 I now consider the threshold issue of whether the allegedly infringing mark
must be used in a trade mark sense before the issue of trade mark infringement
can be considered.

The threshold issue: Must there be trade mark use?

24 The Court of Appeal in _City Chain_ considered at length the threshold
issue of whether the infringing sign must be used in a _trade mark sense_
(hereinafter, referred to as either “trade mark use” or “used in a trade mark
sense”) before a trade mark infringement can be found (_City Chain_ at
[16]-[38]).

25 Before proceeding to consider whether trade mark use is necessary, it is
necessary to first consider what amounts to “trade mark use”. The cases cited
to me have not provided a clear definition of what “trade mark use”
constitutes.

The meaning of “trade mark use”

26 In unpacking the concept of “trade mark use”, the starting point is to seek
recourse to the meaning of “trade mark”. Flowing from this definition of
“trade mark” in s 2(1) of the TMA (reproduced above at [6]), “trade mark use”
must refer to the use of a mark in a manner that is _indicative of the trade
origin of goods or services_. This is because – as is suggested by the s 2(1)
definition of “trade mark” – a trade mark is, in essence, a _badge of origin_.
In this regard, it is apposite to note the judgment of Lord Nicholls in _R v
Johnstone_ at [13] (also cited in _Nation Fittings (M) Sdn Bhd v Oystertec
plc_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 712 (“ _Nation Fittings_ ”) at [64]):

[T]he essence of a trade mark has always been that it is a _badge of origin_.
It indicates _trade source_ : a connection in the course of trade between the
goods and the proprietor of the mark. [emphasis added]

27 Therefore, where the allegedly infringing sign is used for, _inter alia_ ,
decorative or descriptive purposes, this would _not_ amount to trade mark use.
For instance, in _City Chain_ , the Court of Appeal found that the predominant
use of the allegedly infringing sign was for decorative purposes and therefore
was not trade mark use (_City Chain_ at [38]). Again, in _Hölterhoff v
Freiesleben_ [2002] FSR 52 at [16], the European Court of Justice (“ECJ”)
noted that a reference made for purely descriptive purposes to reveal the
characteristics of the product offered for sale to the potential customer was
not trade mark use.

28 It should be noted that certain types of signs may not be capable of being
used as trade marks. _Ex hypothesi_ – and this flows from the definition of
“trade mark” in s 2(1) of the TMA – where the allegedly infringing sign is
_not_ capable of indicating the trade origin of goods or services, it cannot
be considered to be used as a trade mark. However, for the avoidance of doubt,
I emphasise that the allegedly infringing sign does _not_ have to be
_registrable_ as a trade mark before its use can constitute “trade mark use”.
Registrability is contingent on other requirements as found in s 7 of the TMA,
and such requirements are not necessary for showing that there has been “trade
mark use”. Instead, for the purposes of demonstrating “trade mark use”, it is
sufficient that the allegedly infringing sign is shown to be capable of, and
is in fact, used as a badge of origin.

Whether trade mark use is necessary

29 A controversial issue in the law of trade marks, not just in Singapore but
also in other jurisdictions (and especially the European Community), is the
issue of whether the alleged infringer must have used the allegedly infringing
sign as a trade mark before trade mark infringement can even be considered. In
_City Chain_ , the Court of Appeal noted that there were two different
approaches to this issue, namely: (1) the traditional approach in which
infringing use must be trade mark use (“the traditional approach”); and (2)
the broader approach adopted by the ECJ (“the broader Community approach”).

30 The former approach (_viz_ , the traditional approach) was considered by
Andrew Phang Boon Leong J in _Nation Fittings_. The learned judge, albeit _in
obiter_ , dealt with the requirement of use of the infringing sign as a trade
mark. He considered, _inter alia_ , the approaches taken by Lord Nicholls of
Birkenhead and Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe in _R v Johnstone_ [2003] FSR 42
(“ _R v Johnstone_ ”), the ECJ’s decision in _Arsenal Football Club Plc v
Reed_ [2003] Ch 454 (“ _Arsenal (ECJ)_ ”) and the decision of Jacob J in
_British Sugar Plc v James Robertson & Sons Ltd_ [1996] RPC 281 (see [57],
[61], [63], [64], and [67]-[69] of _Nation Fittings_). After considering
_inter alia_ the abovementioned cases, the learned judge was of the view that
the interpretation adopted must be consistent with logic and fairness (_Nation
Fittings_ at [72]). In the circumstances, he favoured Lord Nicholls’ reasoning
in _Johnstone_ (_Nation Fittings_ at [63] and [73]), _viz_ , that before there
can be a trade mark infringement, the alleged offending use must be of the
nature of a trade mark use (_Nation Fittings_ at [62]).

31 The latter approach (_viz_ , the broader Community approach) had its
genesis in the ECJ decision of _Arsenal (ECJ)_. In brief, and to adopt the
interpretation of _Arsenal (ECJ)_ taken by Aldous LJ in _Arsenal Football Club
Plc v Reed_ [2003] RPC 39 at [17] (“ _Arsenal (CA)_ ”), the court in _Arsenal
(ECJ)_ held that the registration of a trade mark gave the proprietor a
property right, and the relevant consideration regarding the allegedly
infringing use is whether it is likely to “affect or jeopardise the guarantee
of origin which constitutes the essential function of the mark [which] _did
not_ depend on whether the use complained of was trade mark use” (emphasis
added). The test is whether the infringing use is liable to _affect the
functions_ of the registered trade mark (_City Chain_ at [20], interpreting
_Arsenal (ECJ)_).

32 Following a detailed exegesis of English and European cases as well as
academic writing, the Court of Appeal in _City Chain_ noted at [36] that:

On balance, bearing in mind the object of a trade mark law, which is probably
narrower than that of the law on passing off, and Art 5(5) of the Directive,
_we are inclined to take the stricter approach_ that the infringing use must
be of a trade mark use. However, for the purposes of the present appeal,
whichever approach we adopt, the same result will be obtained. [emphasis
added]

33 The Court of Appeal noted that, on the facts of the case before it, the
“predominant use” of the allegedly infringing mark was for “decorative
purposes” rather than “trade mark use” (_City Chain_ at [38]). However,
although this finding “should conclude the question of [trade mark
infringement under s 27 of the TMA]”, the Court of Appeal recognised that this
would not conclude the issue under the broader Community approach (at [38]).
The Court of Appeal therefore went on to analyse the three elements of trade
mark infringement (set out at [21] above). It is therefore clear that the
Court of Appeal in _City Chain_ did not have to finally determine the correct
approach to be applied _vis-à-vis_ the threshold issue, because on the facts
of that case the same outcome would be reached whichever approach was taken
(see _City Chain_ at [36], reproduced above at [32]). In other words, although
the Court of Appeal favoured the narrower “trade mark use” approach, this was
done _in obiter_.

34 In the present case, there is no need for me to decide which approach
(_viz_ the traditional approach or the broader Community approach) to apply.
This is not because the same outcome would have been engendered whichever
approach I took (which was the case in _City Chain_), but because I find that
_there was trade mark use_ in the present case. This is sufficient to pass the
threshold test under the more stringent traditional approach, and _a fortiori_
, also pass the test under the broader Community approach. I now elaborate on
my reasons for finding that there was trade mark use.

Was there trade mark use in the present case?

35 As a preliminary matter, the Plaintiff argued that the Defendant had
referred to the “Nutello” sign as a “mark” in its pleadings, and had used the
same term (_viz_ , “mark”) to refer to the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” trade marks.
To my mind, this is not determinative of whether or not “Nutello” was used as
a trade mark. Indeed, I note that under the previous edition of the Trade
Marks Act (_viz_ , Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1998 Ed)), the term “mark” was
statutorily defined as:

[i]nclud[ing] a device, brand, heading, label, ticket, name, signature, word,
letter, numeral or any combination thereof;

This definition of “mark” under the previous TMA is similar to the definition
of the term “sign” under the present version of the TMA (on which see [5]
above). Therefore, the use of the term “mark” would arguably be more closely
linked with the use of the term “sign” under current legislation, than with
the term “trade mark”. Indeed, as counsel for the Defendant was quick to point
out, nowhere in the Defendant’s pleadings did the Defendant refer to the
“Nutello” sign as a “trade mark”. I therefore think that the fact that counsel
for the Defendant had referred to “Nutello” as a mark _did not indicate_ that
the Defendant was making an admission that “Nutello” had been used in a trade
mark sense.

36 That said, however, I do not think that the Defendant should be permitted
to argue that “Nutello” was not used in a trade mark sense, because the
Defendant had omitted to plead the same. Indeed, as was openly conceded by
counsel for the Defendant at trial:

We are not saying that we are using it in a non-trademark sense, in a
descriptive sense, and therefore there is no – that is not our case. _If that
is our case, we must expressly plead as such that we are using the mark in a
non-trademark sense_ ... [emphasis added]

37 The absence of such a pleading, and the failure to apply to amend the
pleadings in this regard, suggests to me that the current contention – that
the “Nutello” sign was not used as a trade mark – was an afterthought. It was
clear that even during the trial, counsel for the Defendant maintained that
the defence was not that the “Nutello” sign was being used in a non-trade mark
sense. Parties should be bound by their pleadings, and accordingly, the
Defendant should not be permitted to raise, after the conclusion of the trial,
an issue that was neither pleaded nor raised at the trial.

38 Indeed, more than just being an afterthought, I note that counsel for the
Defendant repeatedly refrained from denying that the “Nutello” sign was used
as a trade mark, even when the Defendant had ample opportunity to do so. In
the Defendant’s written submissions filed for an application for summary
judgment under O 14 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules of Court”) (dated 26 July 2010), the Defendant did not set out the
threshold issue of whether there was trade mark use of the infringing sign,
and instead agreed that the issues were the three elements of trade mark
infringement (set out at [21] above). Again, in the Defendant’s written
submissions for its application for security for costs (Summons No 453 of
2010), the Defendant particularised no less than 10 issues to be addressed in
the present case, but the Defendant neither denied that “Nutello” was used as
a trade mark, nor identified this as being an issue for the court. Further, in
the Defendant’s opening statement, there was no denial that “Nutello” was used
in a trade mark sense. Even when I stood down the Defence’s representative
witness, Mr Christopher Tan, and explicitly queried counsel for the Defendant
on the Defendant’s position _vis-à-vis_ whether “Nutello” was being used in a
trade mark sense, counsel for the Defendant confirmed that the Defendant was
“not saying that [the Defendant was] using it in a non-trademark sense”, and
further confirmed that the issues were limited to the three elements of trade
mark infringement. After counsel for the Defendant had confirmed that the
threshold issue was not an issue, Mr Christopher Tan was recalled from outside
the court and counsel for the Plaintiff did not further cross-examine him on
the issue of trade mark use. It would therefore be prejudicial to the
Plaintiff for the Defendant to now argue that “Nutello” was not used as a
trade mark.

39 In any case, quite apart from the fact that the Defendant had, prior to the
closing submissions, run its case as if “Nutello” was used in a trade mark
sense, I am of the view that the “Nutello” sign was in fact used as a trade
mark. The definition of a “trade mark” in s 2(1) of the TMA (reproduced at [6]
above) requires that the allegedly infringing sign must be (a) capable of
being represented graphically; and (b) capable of distinguishing goods and
services dealt with or provided by a person from goods or services so dealt
with or provided by any other person. In the present case, it is clear that
the “Nutello” sign is capable of being represented graphically (see the
graphical reproduction of the “Nutello” sign in [9] above). Furthermore, being
an invented word, the “Nutello” sign is capable of distinguishing goods and
services.

40 With regard to this last-mentioned point (_viz_ , that the “Nutello” sign
is capable of distinguishing the Defendant’s products), I find that the
“Nutello” sign was not only intended and used to identify the Defendant’s
product, it was also perceived by members of the public as providing such
identification. I am fortified in this observation for the reasons that
follow.

41 First, although Mr Christopher Tan did deny during cross-examination that
“Nutello” was used as a trade mark, his denial should be looked at in context:
it should be noted that Mr Christopher Tan also denied that the Defendant’s
company had any trade marks, when as a matter of fact the Defendant had
registered its trade mark “tcc” in class 30, registration number T0313398G on
5 September 2003\. Accordingly, Mr Christopher Tan’s bare denials that the
“Nutello” sign was used as a trade mark should be regarded with circumspection
since, with respect, he did not appear to understand what a “trade mark” was.

42 Indeed, it should be noted that notwithstanding the bare denials mentioned
above, the views espoused by Mr Christopher Tan during cross-examination
suggest that “Nutello” was being used as a trade mark. The relevant extracts
of cross-examination are reproduced below for easy reference.

(a) He testified that everybody knew that the “Nutello” sign referred to the
particular product in question, and that everybody knew that the product came
from the Defendant’s company:

Q:I’m asking you: is this word – is there anywhere in this affidavit that you
have stated that this mark is used in a descriptive sense?

A:No.

Q:This mark was created by your company; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:It’s used in relation to a product which you’ve described already in court;
correct?

A:Yes.

Q:It is not used for any other product which has Nutella in it; correct?

A:Correct.

Q:It’s only this particular product which you’ve described in court; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:Everybody knows that “Nutello” means this product, correct?

A:Yes.

Q:They also know that this product comes from your company; correct?

A:Yes.

(b) He acknowledged that the “Nutello” sign was used by members of the public
to indicate goods of the Defendant’s company:

Q:In the blogs that you had, when the consumers refer to “Nutello” there, they
are referring to your product found in your TCC outlet; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:The product is made by you; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:The mark is created by you, and the consumers, your customers, are using
that mark to designate your product made with cocoa and milk and Nutella;
correct?

A:Made with Nutella and coffee, I think, in the blog.

Q:And coffee as well, sorry, my fault. Isn’t that correct, in the blogs?

A:Yes.

Q:They are using it as a trademark; correct? They are using it to indicate
your goods; correct?

A:Yes.

(c) He confirmed that “Nutello” was the “name”, rather than a “description”,
of the Defendant’s product:

Q:It’s a name?

A:Yeah, it’s just –

Q:But it’s not descriptive?

A:No, the description comes below the name that we have on the menu.

Q:The description comes below the name; right?

A:Yes.

Q:And what’s the description? “Lashings of nutella”?

A:Yes.

Q:“Perfect for cocoa lovers”. That’s the description, right?

A:Yes.

Q:Above that is a mark; right? “Nutello”

A:The name of the drink, yes.

Q:The name of the drink is “Nutello”; right?

A:Yes.

43 Second, it was clear from the Internet blogs adduced in evidence that
bloggers had used the “Nutello” sign to refer to the Defendant’s product. In
other words, the “Nutello” sign had been perceived by members of the public to
designate the particular product produced by the Defendant. It is also evident
from the Defendant’s pleadings that the “Nutello” sign was used in the course
of trade, in relation to gourmet coffees which were sold in the Defendant’s
exclusive TCC cafés.

44 The Defendant attempted, in the reply submissions, to characterise
“Nutello” as being _descriptive_ , relying on a statement by Christopher Tan
that the name “Nutello” was coined to indicate that the drinks had included
the ingredients of espresso and the “Nutella” spread. However, for the reasons
given above this was, in my view, too little too late.

45 Therefore, I find that the use of the “Nutello” sign by the Defendant to
label or mark this special drink at its TCC outlets and in its booklet, drinks
menu and promotional materials (see [9]) so as to inform and identify for its
customers and other members of the public that the drink labelled or marked as
“Nutello” originates from the Defendant would amount to trade mark use. Such a
finding concludes the threshold issue on both the traditional approach and the
broader Community approach. Having crossed this threshold, I turn now to
examine each of the three elements of trade mark infringement under s 27(2) of
the TMA (see [21]).

Similarity of marks

46 Similarity of marks is the _first_ element to be considered. Whether the
“Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” word mark are similar for the purposes of s
27(2)(b) of the TMA is a question of fact and degree for the court’s
determination (_Polo_ at [8]).

47 In a recent case, the High Court in _Ozone Community Corp v Advance
Magazine Publishers Inc_ [2010] 2 SLR 459 (“ _Ozone Community_ ”) adopted a
two-step approach in analysing the similarity of marks, namely:

(a) Whether there is _visual_ , _aural_ and _conceptual_ similarity between
the allegedly infringing sign and the registered trade mark; and

(b) Whether the registered trade mark is _distinctive_.

48 With regard to the former, it is trite that the court will consider whether
there is _visual_ , _aural_ and _conceptual_ similarity between the marks
(_MediaCorp News Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia Networks plc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 at
[32] (“ _MediaCorp_ ”)). It is also well established that the law does not
require all three similarities to be made out before the finding that the
marks are similar can be made (_ibid_). On the other hand, the fact that one
similarity is made out does not necessarily mean that the marks are similar
(_ibid_). The relative importance of each type of similarity will depend on
the circumstances at hand, including the goods and types of marks involved
(_ibid_).

49 With regard to the latter, it is noted that the _Ozone Community_ decision
was made in the context of determining similarity for the purposes of
_registrability_ of trade marks, _viz_ whether a sign was (un)registrable
because it was similar to an earlier trade mark under s 8 of the TMA. However,
it should be noted that the court in _Ozone Community_ cited (at [45]) the
Court of Appeal decision of _Polo_ (a case dealing with trade mark
infringement under s 27(2) of the TMA) in fleshing out the proposition that
the distinctiveness of the registered trade mark is an important factor in the
inquiry. Accordingly, the factor of distinctiveness of the registered trade
mark should be considered in the present case as well.

50 Before turning to undertake the two-step approach just mentioned, several
legal principles guiding such a determination should be emphasised:

(a) First, the court considers the two signs/marks “as a whole” (_Polo_ at
[8]; _City Chain_ at [47], [50]). However, the court would not take into
account “any external added matter or circumstances” because the comparison is
“mark for mark” (_MediaCorp_ at [33], citing _Caterpillar Inc v Ong Eng Peng_
[2006] 2 SLR(R) 669 at [55] (“ _Caterpillar_ ”)).

(b) Second, the signs/marks are considered from the viewpoint of the average
consumer – _not_ an unthinking person in a hurry, but rather, a person who
would exercise some care and good sense in making his purchases (_Polo_ at
[34]).

(c) Third, when comparing the two signs/marks, what is relevant is the
“imperfect recollection” of the customer (_MediaCorp_ at [33], citing
_Nautical Concept Pte Ltd v Jeffery Mark Richard_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1071 at
[30]). The court will not compare the two marks side by side and examine them
in detail, because “the person who is confused often makes comparison from
memory removed in time and space from the marks” (_MediaCorp_ at [33], citing
_Caterpillar_ at [55]).

Visual, Aural and Conceptual Similarity

(1) Visual similarity

51 In the case of word marks, a determination of visual similarity typically
involves looking at the (a) length of the marks; (b) structure of the marks
(_ie_ , whether there are the same number of words); and (c) whether the same
letters are used in the marks (_Ozone Community_ at [49], citing Bently &
Sherman, _Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009)
at 865 (“ _Bently & Sherman_”)).

52 With respect to visual similarity, it is noted that both the “Nutella” mark
and “Nutello” sign comprise 7 letters each, with the first 6 letters being
identical and only the last being different. The type of similarity here
alleged was considered in the case of _Hyundai Mobis v Mobil Petroleum Company
Inc_ [2007] SGIPOS 12 (_Mobil (SGIPOS)_), where the marks in question were as
follows:

Mobil’s Mark |  Hyundai’s Mark  
---|---  
![](data:image/png;base64,) |  ![](data:image/png;base64,)  
  
  

In that case, the Principal Assistant Registrar (“PAR”) held at [41]:

In considering visual similarity, I will take into account only the
Applicants’ mark as it appears on the application form and the Opponents’
registered trade marks in class 4 as they appear on the register. Both are in
capital letters and appear as MOBIS and MOBIL. _Both comprise 5 letters. The
first 4 letters are identical and only the last letter is different_. The
Applicants relied on the UK IP office decision and the hearing officer’s view
on visual similarity that the letters L and S will not be viewed as similar.
However I am of the view that _when the marks are viewed as wholes, a large
part of the marks are similar and only the ending parts of the marks are
different_. Therefore the marks are visually similar. [emphasis added]

53 On appeal, the High Court in _Mobil Petroleum Co, Inc v Hyundai Mobis_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 427 (“ _Mobil (HC)_ ”) did not disagree with the decision of
the PAR (_Mobil (HC)_ at [18]). Indeed, the High Court agreed that there was
visual similarity between the marks, although it noted that the degree of
resemblance was limited to some extent by the differences in font,
capitalisation and colours (_ibid_ at [32]).

54 The reasoning of the PAR, reproduced above at [52], applies to the present
case. Here, both the “Nutella” word mark and “Nutello” sign are of identical
length (_viz_ , 7 letters), the first 6 letters of which are identical, with
only the last letter (“a” _contra_ “o”) being different. I note that the
“Nutella” word mark consists of bold, capitalised, sans-serif letters, whereas
the “Nutello” sign is stylised and in sentence case. However, as in the
_Mobil_ case, such differences may not be sufficient to render the marks
visually dissimilar. Furthermore, taking into consideration the consumer’s
“imperfect recollection” and that the marks are not to be compared side-by-
side (_MediaCorp_ at [34]), the marks are visually similar when viewed
holistically.

55 At this juncture, I address the Defendant’s argument that the “Nutella”
word mark and “Nutello” sign bear different font, typeface and design.
According to the Defendant, the “Nutella” word mark consists of plain letters
in bold and capital letters, whereas the “Nutello” sign is stylised and in
sentence case. This, the Defendant submits, constitutes visual dissimilarity
between the two.

56 This argument is misconceived. It is trite law that word-only registered
trade marks render infringing any offending use in any font or stylisation. As
stated by the learned authors of _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2005) (“ _Kerly’s_ ”) at para 2-036:

Consider a word-only registration. The graphical representation is the word in
capitals in plain type. Such a registration covers the word in a very wide
range of typefaces. The variation in presentation is permissible because the
distinctive character of the mark resides in the word itself and that does not
change.

57 The above passage from _Kerly’s_ was cited with approval in _Richemont
International SA v Da Vinci Collections Pte Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 369 (“
_Richemont v Da Vinci_ ”)). The learned judge in _Richemont v Da Vinci_ went
on to quote from the English Court of Appeal case of _Morny Ld’s Trade Marks,
in the Matter of_ (1951) 68 RPC 131 (“ _Morny_ ”), a passage which, for its
relevance to the present case, justifies reproduction in full (_Richemont v Da
Vinci_ at [21]):

In the English Court of Appeal case of  _Morny_ … , it was held that use of
the mark "Morny" (which had been registered as "MORNY" in plain block
capitals) in various stylised forms amounted to use of the registered mark.
Evershed MR stated at 145:

The question is: Was or is the use of the word "Morny", in the form or manner
which I have attempted to describe, user of the mark "Morny" as registered,
consisting, as I have stated, of the five letters "M-o-r-n-y" in capital
letters?

It seems to me that, if a name is registered, you may either register it under
Para. (_a_) of Sec. 9 (1) (that is to say, in a particular representation) or
not. And, if it is not registered as a particular representation of the name,
then the inference, I should have thought, must be that it was not intended to
confine it to the form in which it was registered, but that the thing that was
intended was use of that particular name in any way representing it.

Similarly, Jenkins LJ observed at 149-150:

The mark in question is "Morny" in block capitals and I should have thought,
as my Lord has in effect said, that it must really be obvious that the
registration of a word in block capitals must cover use of that word in any
clearly legible form of lettering and not be confined to its representation in
block capitals. **_Otherwise the registration of a mark consisting of a name
in block capitals would give virtually no protection at all, for anyone could
use the same word in some other form of type or lettering in imitation
handwriting or some other form of that kind_** ; and it would obviously be
impossible for anyone seeking to register a particular word, such as "Morny",
to cover in his application or applications every conceivable form of
lettering in which it might be represented.

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

The learned judge went on to state (_Richemont v Da Vinci_ at [32]):

Besides, Lord Walker's statement that "[t]he distinction between plain words
and stylised words is legally significant" can be explained: Where, as
registered, the words constituting a mark are in stylised script, as in the
_Budweiser_ case, their use in block capitals would likely fall outside the
use in s 46(2) of the UK Trade Marks Act 1994. In contrast, as we have seen,
**_the registration of the word mark in plain capitals covers use of the word
in any other form of lettering_** : see  _Morny_. [emphasis in original;
emphasis added in bold italics]

The learned judge went on to hold that the use of the words “Da Vinci” in
_cursive_ form constituted an infringement of the registered trade mark “Da
Vinci” in _block capitals_.

58 The reasoning in _Richemont v Da Vinci_ , _Morny_ and _Kerly’s_ is
compelling. A block letter word mark is registered without any additional
distinctiveness by virtue of stylisation by way of font type or graphical
device. It would be illogical that the protection granted to a registered
proprietor’s trade mark may be circumscribed simply by tweaking the _font_ or
_style_ of the lettering of the word mark, especially where the registered
proprietor had deliberately registered the word mark in block letters to
represent that the distinctiveness of the mark lies _in the word itself_. It
would also be impractical for the proprietor of a trade mark to have to
register _every possible stylistic permutation_ for his word mark in order to
protect his trade mark, just as it would be impractical for him to have to
make a fresh registration every time he wishes to use his word mark in a
different font.

59 Following from the above, the Defendant’s argument that the cursive font of
the “Nutello” sign renders it visually dissimilar from the block capital
registration of the “Nutella” word mark fails. In this regard, I would further
note that besides the use of the cursive font used in the Defendant’s menu,
the Defendant had also used the “Nutello” sign on its website and a booklet;
these “Nutello” signs were not distinguished by the use of any special font
whatsoever (see [9] above).

60 In the final analysis, therefore, the “Nutello” sign is visually similar to
the “Nutella” word mark.

(2) Aural similarity

61 In the present case, the Plaintiff’s mark is “Nutella” and the Defendant’s
mark is “Nutello”. The Plaintiff has confirmed that the correct pronunciation
of “Nutella” is “ _noot_ ella”, based on the testimony of the Plaintiff’s
representative Mr Malatesta as well as the Plaintiff’s video advertisements
aired in Singapore. This pronunciation is borne out of the Italian
pronunciation of the word “nut”. To the credit of counsel for the Defendant,
he pointed out that an article by Adnkronos Multimedia, featured on the
Italian Institute for Foreign Trade’s website asserted that the name is
pronounced “ _nut_ ella” (emphasis added). The Defendant nonetheless argued
that – relying on the Italian pronunciation put forward by the Plaintiff – the
pronunciation of the Plaintiff’s mark is aurally dissimilar to the
pronunciation of “Nutello” (which, the Plaintiff contends, begins with “nut”
and stresses the last two syllables in the word “nut _ello_ ”).

62 The aural difference emphasised by the Defendant, however, is more apparent
than real. First, it is important to consider the way that the average
consumer _in Singapore_ would pronounce the marks. In this regard, I refer to
the _Mobil_ case, where the learned PAR held that “Mobil” and “Mobis” were
aurally similar. Comparing both marks, only the last consonant sound (at the
ending of the second syllable) was different (_Mobil (SGIPOS)_ at [39]). The
PAR noted that although in the UK the same marks were considered not to be
aurally similar, such a finding was based on the normal pronunciation of the
marks in the UK, which did not necessarily apply to Singapore (_Mobil
(SGIPOS)_ at [39]). On appeal, the High Court in _Mobil (HC)_ did not disagree
that there was aural similarity in the two marks. Returning to the facts of
the present case, two of the three syllables (“ _nut-te-_[la/lo]”) will be
pronounced the same way by the average consumer in Singapore. In this regard,
notwithstanding the Plaintiff’s evidence that “Nutella” is more precisely
pronounced (at least, by Italians) as “nootella”, it should be noted that in
the course of cross-examination, Mr Christopher Tan read “Nutella” as “ _nut_
ella” (as opposed to “ _noot_ ella”). Mr Christopher Tan later confirmed that
both he and his customers pronounced the first syllable as “nut”. It is
therefore clear that the first two syllables of the word “Nutella” are
pronounced in a manner _identical_ to the first two syllables of the word
“Nutello”. “Nutella” and “Nutello” are accordingly aurally _similar_.

63 Second, and subject to the caveat above that pronunciation may differ
between UK and Singapore, it is generally accepted that the _first syllable_
of a word is usually the most important for the purpose of distinction between
words because there is a tendency of persons using the English language to
slur the _termination_ of words, although this principle should not be applied
in a “blanket fashion” (_Valentino Globe BV v Pacific Rim Industries Inc_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 577 at [34], citing _London Lubricants (1920) Ltd’s
Application_ (1925) 42 RPC 264 at 279). Accordingly, where the words compared
terminate with vowels rather than consonants, there is arguably greater aural
similarity between the words (_Opposition by The Coca-Cola Company to the
registration of trade mark application 731335 in the name of The Big
Australian (Australia) Pty Limited_ (“ _Coca-Cola_ ”) at 9). In the present
case, where the difference between “Nutella” and “Nutello” is the final vowel
sound (“a” _contra_ “o”), the Hearing Officer’s observation in _Coca-Cola_ is
especially apposite:

… the English language vowel sounds for ‘o’ and ‘a’ at the ends of SOLO and
SOLA could readily be mispronounced or misheard. The first part of each word,
SOL-, is identical. On this basis … I find that the marks SOLO and SOLA COLA
are deceptively similar.

I note that the beginning syllable sounds of marks may not _always_ be more
important than the ending syllables – there may be some cases where emphasis
may be placed on some other syllable. For instance, in _Mobil (SGIPOS)_ , the
PAR found that “Mobil” and “Mobis” were pronounced with emphasis on the second
syllable (_Mobil (SGIPOS)_ at [40]). Similarly, in _Opposition by MCT
UNILABELS SA to Trade Mark Application No 462838 in the Name of PETER
KATHOLOS_ , the Hearing Officer suggested that the invented word “ _cappé_ ”
may be pronounced with an emphasis on the second syllable. In my view,
however, “Nutella” and “Nutello” are probably pronounced with an emphasis on
the first syllable, and the last syllable – being a vowel sound – is not
sufficiently different to render the two words aurally dissimilar.

64 Third, as was exhorted in _Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corp_
[2006] 4 SLR(R) 629 (“ _Future Enterprises (HC)_ ”) at [12], aural similarity
must be considered in light of “imperfect recollection” and “careless
pronunciation and speech”, rather than as if the marks were being pronounced
carefully by someone such as a “teacher of elocution”. In _Future Enterprises
(HC)_ , the court found that “MacCoffee” (pronounced “mac-kof-fee”) was
aurally similar to “McCafe” (pronounced “mac-caf-fay” or “mc-kah-fay”). _A
fortiori_ , “Nutella” (pronounced “nut-te-la”) is clearly aurally similar to
“Nutello” (pronounced “nut-te-lo”).

65 I therefore find that the Defendant’s sign, “Nutello”, is aurally similar
to the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” word mark.

(3) Conceptual similarity

66 In considering whether there is _conceptual_ similarity between marks, it
is necessary to consider the _ideas that lie behind or inform the earlier
mark_ (_Festina Lotus SA v Romanson Co Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 552 (“ _Festina_ ”)
at [38], citing _Bently & Sherman_ at p 866).

67 In _Festina_ , the High Court considered several cases dealing with
conceptual similarity. The illustrations provide some guidance on how
conceptual similarity is analysed. The relevant paragraphs in _Festina_ are
reproduced here (_Festina_ at [40]-[42]):

40 A clear case of conceptual dissimilarity can be seen in _Phillips – Van
Heusen_ , T– 292/01 [2003] ECR II – 4335 where “BASS” was found to be
conceptually dissimilar to “PASH” as the former was understood as a musical
reference whereas the latter either had no meaning or referred to German dice.

41 _Itochu Corporation v Worldwide Brands, Inc_ [2007] SGIPOS 9 (“Itochu”)
offers a more nuanced illustration of conceptual similarity. In _Itochu_ , the
PAR (and subsequently the High Court) held that the marks “CAMEL” and
“SWEETCAMEL” were conceptually dissimilar: the “CAMEL” mark evoked a sense of
“ruggedness, adventure and masculinity” whereas the applicant’s mark
“SWEETCAMEL” which was preceded by the adjective “SWEET” projected a totally
opposite impression.

42 In the case of _Ozone Community Corp_ , the two marks in issue were
“GLAMOUR” and “HYSTERIC GLAMOUR”. The PAR found that both marks were in some
way conceptually similar as both marks used the “glamour” concept, despite one
appealing to the orthodox meaning while the other giving the concept a spin
without completely altering its texture. This finding was upheld by the High
Court at [64].

68 On the facts of _Festina_ itself, the court considered that (at [45]):

insofar as the two marks comprise an invented word, in that “FESTINA” and
“J.ESTINA” are not English terms found in dictionaries, and that both employ a
pictorial element that hints at “class” and “status”, there are _some_
conceptual similarities between the two marks, as opposed to complete or
significant similarities, bearing in mind that the crest and crown devices
evoke a sense of class but only the crown device evokes a sense of royalty.

69 Considering the three cases analysed in the quotation from _Festina_
(reproduced at [67] above), the present case most closely resembles the facts
in _Festina_ itself: the “Nutella/Nutello” comparison is closer to the
“Festina/Jestina” comparison, than it is with the “Bass/Pash”,
“Came/Sweetcamel” and “Glamour/Hysteric Glamour” comparisons. Conceptually,
both “Nutella” and “Nutello” are invented words, in that they are not English
words found in dictionaries. The imperfect recollection of an average
consumer, who does not juxtapose the two marks side-by-side, will probably
consider the marks to be conceptually similar. Indeed, it should also be noted
that Mr Christopher Tan admitted under cross-examination that the word
“Nutello” was _derived_ from the words “Nutella” and “espresso”; having been
so derived, and with only a minor change being made to the word “Nutella”, it
is difficult to see how “Nutella” and “Nutello” are conceptually dissimilar.

Distinctiveness

70 As alluded to above, the relevance of the distinctiveness of the registered
trade mark was discussed in _Polo_. The Court of Appeal held that the
_distinctiveness_ in the registered trade mark (_ie_ , the “Nutella” word mark
in this case) is an important factor in the inquiry into the similarity
between the marks, stating that (at [23]):

We recognise that some marks are inherently **_distinctive_** because they
consist of **_inventive words without any notional or allusive quality_**. An
example would be “Volvo”. “Polo” is certainly not an inventive word and could
claim no inherent distinctiveness. **_Where common words are included in a
registered mark, the courts should be wary of granting a monopoly in their
use_** : see _The European Limited v The Economist Newspaper Limited_ [1998]
FSR 283 at 289-290 and “FRIGIKING” Trade Mark [1973] RPC 739 at 753. [emphasis
in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

The Court of Appeal went on to find that the word “polo” was an “ordinary
English word meaning a game played on horseback”, and was accordingly “not an
inventive word and could claim no inherent distinctiveness” (_Polo_ at [23]).

71 The factor of distinctiveness is important because it affects the question
of whether marks are similar. As was noted in _Bently & Sherman_ at pp 866-868
(and cited in _Ozone Community_ at [44]):

_Distinctiveness_. The question of whether marks are similar will often be
dependent on the inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the mark (for the
goods or services for which it is registered). This has a number of effects.

First, the _less distinctive_ the earlier trade mark, the **_less literal_**
_or_** _visual alteration is necessary to ensure that the later mark is not
similar_**. … [The learned authors go on to cite examples to illustrate such a
principle] …

Second, if the earlier mark is _highly distinctive_ , then a mark that has
been **_substantially modified might still be similar_**. … [The learned
authors go on to cite examples to illustrate such a principle] …

[footnotes omitted, emphasis in original, emphasis added in bold italics]

72 The policy motivating these principles was alluded to by the High Court in
_The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR(R)
816 at [27] (“ _Polo (HC)_ ”):

The question, then, is whether these differences [between the allegedly
infringing sign and the registered trade mark] are enough so as not to capture
the distinctiveness of the registered mark. In order to decide this, I first
have to consider whether the plaintiff’s mark can be considered to be **_so
distinctive that the differences would not negate the similarity_**. **_This
is an important issue because a more distinct mark generally receives greater
protection_** : _Premier Brands UK Ltd v Typhoon Europe Ltd_ [2000] FSR 767 (‘
_Premier Brands_ ’) … [emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

73 In _Festina_ , in the context of _registrability_ of trade marks under s 8
of the TMA, the High Court noted that invented words such as “FESTINA” possess
inherent distinctiveness, and such distinctive quality would be taken into
account in the overall assessment of similarity between the marks (_Festina_
at [58]). The court further held that for such invented words with inherent
distinctiveness, a “ _modification of at least a substantial degree_ has to be
done for the Respondent’s mark to be found to be dissimilar to it” (_Festina_
at [60], emphasis added). The court went on to find that the respondent’s mark
(“J.ESTINA”) was similar to the registered “FESTINA” mark as the latter was an
inherently distinctive invented word.

74 It is undisputed that the word “Nutella” has no dictionary meaning. It is
an invented word which is inherently distinctive. Merely changing the last
letter of the mark from an “a” to an “o” is insufficient, as such a change
does not amount to “modification of at least a substantial degree” (_Festina_
at [60]).

Concluding analysis: the marks are similar

75 As demonstrated above, there is visual, aural and conceptual similarity in
the marks “Nutella” and “Nutello”. The “Nutella” mark, being an invented word,
is inherently distinctive, and the Defendant has not made sufficient
modification to it such as to render “Nutello” dissimilar to “Nutella”. In the
final analysis, I find that the marks are similar, and accordingly, that the
_first_ element of s 27(2)(b) of the TMA is made out. I would here add that
although the similarity of the marks is an objective inquiry to be undertaken
by the court (rather than by witnesses), I am fortified in my view that the
marks are similar by the fact that at least two of the Defendant’s witnesses,
_viz_ Mr Christopher Tan and Mr Robin Ng, agreed to the same under cross-
examination.

Identity or Similarity of goods

76 In order for the requirement of identity or similarity of goods to be
fulfilled, the Plaintiff must show that the “Nutello” sign is used in relation
to goods that are identical or similar to those for which the “Nutella” word
mark is _registered_ (see s 27(2)(b) of the TMA, reproduced at [19] above). In
other words, the Plaintiff must show that the “Nutello” sign is used in
relation to goods identical or similar to “[c]onfectionery, baking powder,
chocolate products, cream comprising cocoa with or without other ingredients”
(see [3] above).

77 The identity or similarity of goods is to be determined by taking into
account all relevant factors, including the nature of the goods, end users,
method of use and whether they are in competition or complementary (_Canon
Kabushiki Kaisha v Metro Goldwyn Mayer Inc_ [1999] ETMR 1 at [23]).

Are the goods identical?

78 In _British Sugar plc v James Robertson & Sons Ltd_ [1996] RPC 281 (“
_British Sugar_ ”), Jacob J formulated a set of guidelines to assist the court
in assessing the _similarity_ of goods (the guidelines are set out in [83]
below). For the avoidance of doubt, it should be emphasised that these factors
are considered only in situations where the goods are being analysed for
_similarity_. In other words, once it has been determined that the goods are
_identical_ from a comparison of the goods’ specifications, there is no need
to consider the said guidelines (_Richemont International SA v Goldlion
Enterprise (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 401 (“ _Richemont v Goldlion_
”) at [18]).

79 The Plaintiff argued in closing submissions that the “Nutello” sign was
used on goods (_viz_ , the Defendant’s “Nutello” drink) which fall within the
broad specification of “chocolate products” (for which the “Nutella” mark is
registered – see [3] above). Therefore, the Plaintiff argues that the
“Nutello” sign is used in relation to goods _identical_ to those for which the
“Nutella” mark is registered.

80 This argument depends on the Plaintiff being able to show that the
Defendant’s product fell within the specification of “chocolate products”. To
this end, the Plaintiff argued that the Defendant’s product was a chocolate
product for the following reasons:

(a) First, the _main ingredient_ in the Defendant’s “Nutello” drink is the use
of the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” chocolate spread. The “Nutello” drink was
promoted as being “[e]spresso with _lashings_ of Nutella” (emphasis added),
the word “lashings” being defined as “a _copious_ amount of something,
especially food or drink” (as defined by _The New Oxford Dictionary of
English_ (Oxford University Press, 1998) at p 1038);

(b) Second, the product is _marketed_ by the Defendant in the Defendant’s menu
as being “[p]erfect for _cocoa lovers_ ” (emphasis added). It should be noted
that Mr Christopher Tan agreed under cross-examination that the Defendant
attempted to attract chocolate lovers when promoting the “Nutello” drink.

(c) Third, the _manner_ in which the “Nutello” drink is served shows that it
is a chocolate product. In cross-examination, Mr Christopher Tan confirmed
that the Defendant’s customers could, when drinking the “Nutello” drink,
either scoop up the portions of the “Nutella” chocolate spread which was not
dissolved in the espresso, or scoop out the “Nutella” chocolate spread before
it dissolved so as to consume the chocolate spread directly. The manner of
consumption of the “Nutello” drink, _viz_ where the consumer could actually
consume the chocolate spread directly, was confirmed by the Plaintiff’s
witness Mr Ramakuddy in oral testimony. It was also confirmed by other
consumers of the “Nutello” drink in their Internet blogs. For example, one
customer noted that “[T]hey provide a small spoon for you to nibble and scrape
the chocolate…”, another noted “[w]hen you put your spoon in, you will haul
out a spoonful of gooey Nutella mixed with rich coffee”, and yet another noted
that the drink was “a single e[s]presso shot with lotsa [_sic_] [N]utella in
it”.

(d) Fourth, the Defendant’s customers _perceive_ the “Nutello” drink to be a
chocolate product. The Plaintiff attempted to substantiate this contention
from two different sources.

(i) In the market survey conducted by the Defendant, when survey respondents
were asked regarding the most likely reason for them to purchase the “Nutello”
drink, most (_viz_ , 30%) of the respondents indicated that they liked “the
taste of Nutella _chocolate_ ” (emphasis added). A further 24.8% responded
that they wanted to “try new drinks/new flavour/new taste of _Nutella flavour_
” (emphasis added), while 16% said that they would purchase the “Nutello”
drink because they “[l]ike[d] the _taste of chocolate_ ” (emphasis added). It
is notable that, of the respondents who would _not_ purchase the “Nutello”
drink, the largest percentage (_viz_ , 5.2%) indicated that they would _not_
purchase the drink because they “do not drink _chocolate drinks_ ” (emphasis
added). Analysing the survey response, the survey report concluded that with
regard to the “Nutello” drink, most of the surveyed respondents provided
“mostly positive [feedback] with people being attracted to _chocolate_ and
_specifically the Nutella ingredient_. Some would reject the drink for being
too sweet or for not liking _chocolate drinks_ ” (emphasis added). It should
be noted that most of the survey respondents were attracted by the _chocolate
character_ of the “Nutello” drink. It is also significant that most of the
survey respondents who would not purchase the drink were repelled by the
drink’s _chocolate character_.

(ii) In addition, perusal of Internet blogs (which were, incidentally, adduced
in evidence by the _Defendant_ rather than the Plaintiff) reveals that many of
the consumers of the “Nutello” drink emphasised the _chocolate content_ of the
drink. For example, one customer noted that “Nutello” was a shot of espresso
with “nutella smeared all over… I[f] you are a _chocolate lover_ , this is the
drink for you…” (emphasis added), another noted “[i]f you _like chocolate_ ,
try Nutello!” (emphasis added) and yet another complimented the “ _thick
layer_ of Nutella… [with] fragrant espresso and a layer of whipped cream,
finally _dusted with cocoa powder_ ” (emphasis added).

81 Despite the rigorous arguments just outlined, I am ultimately not convinced
that the “Nutello” drink is a “chocolate product”.

(a) First, although the “Nutello” drink was recommended for “chocolate lovers”
(see [80(b)] above), it was advertised under the “Espresso Specialties”
section of the Defendant’s menu.

(b) Second, the fact that one of the ingredients in the “Nutello” drink is a
chocolate spread does not _per se_ make the drink a _chocolate product_. I
note that it is possible for a product to fall within one or more categories.
However, I do not think that the “Nutello” drink is a “chocolate product”
simply by virtue of the fact that there was “Nutella” chocolate spread in it.
To do so would be akin to describing coffee drinks as milk products (by virtue
of milk being one of the ingredients) and describing certain teas as fruit
products (by virtue of dried fruits being one of the ingredients).

(c) Third, the Defendant rightly pointed out that Class 30 of the
International Classification of Goods and Services (under which the
Plaintiff’s “Nutella” mark was registered) comprises a list of specific goods
indications, which include categories of goods such as “Beverages (Chocolate-
based)”, “Beverages (Cocoa-based)”, “Chocolate beverages with milk”,
“Chocolate-based beverages”, _etc_. The Plaintiff _could_ have, but did not or
chose not to, include any beverage-related specifications in the registration
of the “Nutella” mark. The specification of “chocolate products” thus does not
appear to me to have been intended to cover _all_ beverages with some
chocolate content.

82 I turn next to consider whether the “Nutello” sign is used in relation to
goods _similar_ to those for which the “Nutella” mark is registered.

Are the goods similar?

83 As alluded to above at [78], Jacob J in _British Sugar_ formulated a set of
guidelines to assist the court in assessing the similarity of goods. The
factors laid out in _British Sugar_ were adopted by Singapore courts (see,
_eg_ , _Caterpillar_ at [57]; _MediaCorp_ at [41] and _Ozone Community_ at
[75]). The factors are as follows (_British Sugar_ at 296-297):

(a)

The respective uses of the respective goods or services;

(b)

The respective users of the respective goods or services;

(c)

The physical nature of the goods or acts of service;

(d)

The respective trade channels through which the goods or services reach the
market;

(e)

In the case of self-serve consumer items, whether in practice they are
respectively found or likely to be found in supermarkets and in particular
whether they are, or are likely to be, found on the same or different shelves;

(f)

The extent to which the respective goods or services are competitive. This
inquiry may take into account how those in the trade classify goods, for
instance whether market research companies, who of course act for the
industry, put the goods or services in the same or different sectors.

84 Relying on the above factors, the Defendant argued that:

(a) First, the _uses_ of the respective goods are different. The Plaintiff’s
“Nutella” product is not a beverage but a bread spread, is not usually
consumed by itself but in conjunction with bread, and is usually consumed
during breakfast. In contrast, the Defendant’s “Nutello” drink is used in
relation to liquid gourmet coffee beverage, and is used for purposes
distinctly different from those of the Plaintiff’s semi-solid, semi-liquid
viscous cream spread.

(b) Second, the _users_ of the respective goods are different. The users of
the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” product are mainly ordinary shoppers looking for
bread spreads for breakfast for their families, while the users of the
Defendant’s “Nutello” drink are mainly discerning and well-informed
professionals, managers, executives and business people.

(c) Third, the _physical nature_ of the respective goods is different. The
Defendant’s “Nutello” drink is a concoction comprising a number of
ingredients, and is served in a shot glass rather than a jar. On the other
hand, the Plaintiff’s product is a dark brown, viscous cream spread presented
in a jar.

(d) Fourth, the _trade channels_ of the respective goods are different. The
Plaintiff’s “Nutella” product is sold in supermarkets, convenience stores and
neighbourhood shops, on shelves alongside jams and breads. In contrast, the
Defendant’s “Nutello” drink is promoted and sold exclusively at TCC outlets in
a restaurant setting.

(e) Fifth, the respective goods are neither _competitive_ with, nor
_substitutes_ for, one another. The Plaintiff’s goods compete with other
brands of bread spreads, while the Defendant’s goods compete with other coffee
companies and cafés.

85 In addition, the Defendant pointed out that in _British Sugar_ , Jacob J
also held that in construing a word used in a trade mark specification (in the
present case, “chocolate products”), the court is (_British Sugar_ at 289):

… concerned with how the product is, as a _practical matter_ , regarded for
the _purposes of trade_. After all, a trade mark specification is concerned
with _use in trade_. [emphasis added]

Relying on this observation by Jacob J, the Defendant argued that a product
specification must be construed in accordance with its _use in trade_.
Accordingly, the Defendant argues that the expression “chocolate products” (in
the product specification under which the “Nutella” word mark is registered)
must be construed in accordance with the Plaintiff’s products as used in
practice, _viz_ , as a sweet bread spread rather than a beverage.

86 The arguments raised by the Defendant have some weight, and do appear to
suggest that the respective goods are not similar under the _British Sugar_
guidelines. However, in the final analysis, I find that the Defendant’s
“Nutello” drink is _similar_ to the “chocolate products” specification for
which the “Nutella” word mark is registered. As a matter of law, in
determining the similarity of goods, the comparison is made not only with the
actual product in use (_viz_ the Plaintiff’s sweet bread spread) but with the
type of products for which the Plaintiff has registered its word mark
“Nutella”. In this case, the comparison has to be with the possible range of
“chocolate products” as used in the trade and not only with the Plaintiff’s
sweet bread spread as such.

87 It is also important to keep in mind that the _British Sugar_ factors “must
not be regarded as requirements that must all be satisfied before the goods
can be treated as similar” (_Johnson & Johnson v Uni-Charm Kabushiki Kaisha
(Uni-Charm Corp)_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 at [18]; _Mobil (HC)_ at [25]). Indeed,
Jacob J himself cautioned that he did not think that the list “can provide
other than general guidance” (_British Sugar_ at 297).

88 Second, it should be noted that in _British Sugar_ the goods in question
fell into _different classes_ of product specification – the proprietor’s mark
was registered in Class 30, while the alleged infringer’s products fell into
Class 29. As was noted in _Polo (HC)_ at [33]:

Accordingly, I have very little doubt that the goods carried by the plaintiff
and the defendant are similar, if not identical, for the purposes of s
27(2)(_b_) of the TMA. The plaintiff’s trade marks were registered under Class
25 of the ICGS and the defendant’s products which are being complained of
(mainly T-shirts) **_would qualify to be registered in the same class_** , as
evidenced by their attempted registration. This being the case, **_it is not
necessary for the court to engage in the test set down in British Sugar_** … .
The test in that case was employed because the **_defendant’s product would
not have been registered in the same class as the plaintiff’s and thus there
was a need to decide if it was similar enough_****to the plaintiff’s
product**. It would be a **very rare case** , if ever, **_that a defendant
could claim that its products, if listed in the same classification as the
plaintiff’s, were not similar_**. … . [emphasis in original; emphasis added in
bold italics]

In other words, the _British Sugar_ guidelines may not have as much weight (if
any at all) in a situation where the respective products _fall within the same
class of products_. On the present facts, the Defendant had pointed out (as
alluded to earlier in [81(c)] above), and accordingly must be taken to
concede, that the Defendant’s “Nutello” drink was likely to fall within the
categories of “beverages”. Such beverage-related specifications are still
_within_ the Class 30 classification. I also take cognisance of the arguments
addressed in [80] above, albeit in the context of assessing whether the
Defendant’s “Nutello” drink was a “chocolate product”.

89 Third, the High Court in _Mobil (HC)_ noted at [25] that an “important”
factor to be considered in determining whether the respective goods are
similar is “whether such goods will be considered by consumers to be similar
goods”. In this regard, the point made in [80(d)] above demonstrates that the
consumers _do indeed_ consider the respective goods to be similar.

90 For the reasons stated, I find that the “Nutello” drink is similar to a
chocolate product although it may not be regarded as a chocolate product.
Accordingly, the _second_ element of s 27(2)(b) of the TMA is made out.

Whether there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public

91 The _third_ element of s 27(2)(b) of the TMA is the issue of the likelihood
of confusion on the part of the public. Before proceeding to apply the law to
the facts of the present case, I will summarise the relevant legal principles
governing this particular issue.

The law on “likelihood of confusion”

92 The issue of likelihood of confusion is to be determined as at the time
when the alleged infringing use of the sign commenced (_City Chain_ at [51]),
the test being whether a _substantial portion_ of the _relevant public_ will
be _confused_. The three italicised portions indicate three different aspects
of the test. I shall address them in the following order: (a) the meaning and
nature of the “confusion” required by s 27(2)(b); (b) the meaning and nature
of the “relevant public”; and (c) the requirement of a “substantial portion”
of the relevant public being confused.

93 With regard to the meaning and nature of the “confusion” required, the
Court of Appeal in _City Chain_ noted that in determining confusion, one
should be cognisant of the risk that the public might believe that the goods
come from the _same source_ or _economically-linked_ sources (see _City Chain_
at [52]). In other words, the relevant confusion is not limited to the
“classic confusion” scenario where consumers believe that the goods or
services emanate from a particular origin (when they in fact come from another
origin). There is instead a “broader” kind of confusion stemming from the
consumer’s (incorrect) assumption of some kind of economic connection between
the users of the marks (_eg_ that the goods are being provided by a subsidiary
or licensee of the trade mark proprietor) (see _Bently & Sherman_ at p 872).

94 It should further be noted that, by virtue of the wording of s 27(2) of the
TMA, the likelihood of confusion must arise _because_ of the similarities in
the respective marks and goods concerned. It is insufficient that the
confusion arises for _any other reason_. For instance, it would clearly not be
sufficient if a member of the public appears confused as to the origin of the
“Nutello” drink, such confusion stemming from his incapability of
understanding the survey questions directed at him (_eg_ his inability to
understand what it means to “produce” a drink, or to “licence / authorise” a
drink, _etc_). This has important implications on the framing of survey
questions, and will be dealt with in greater detail at [136]  _et seq_.

95 With regard to the meaning and nature of the “relevant public”, it is trite
that the issue of likelihood of confusion is to be determined by reference to
average consumers of the goods and services in question. Such consumers are
reasonably well-informed, reasonably observant and circumspect, and will
exercise ordinary care and intelligence. They are also literate, educated,
“constantly exposed to the world, either through travel or media” and are
unlikely to be “easily deceived or hoodwinked” (_McDonald’s Corp v Future
Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 177 at [64]).

96 With regard to the requirement that a “substantial portion” of the relevant
public must be confused, it is insufficient that only a “single member of the
public”, or “a very small unobservant section of society”, or “a moron in a
hurry”, would be confused (_Mobil Petroleum Co Inc v Hyundai Mobis_ [2010] 1
SLR 512 (“ _Mobil (CA)_ ”) at [79], citing _Tong Guan Food Products Pte Ltd v
Hoe Huat Hng Foodstuff Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 903 (“ _Tong Guan_ ”) at
[24]). The degree of confusion must be taken above a “ _de minimis_ level”,
and while there does not have to be a “majority” of the relevant public that
is confused, there must be a “not insubstantial number” (_Mobil (CA)_ at
[77]-[78]).

97 I turn now to other relevant principles _vis-à-vis_ the test for likelihood
of confusion. First, it is now well-settled that the issue of likelihood of
confusion is to be addressed _globally_ , taking into account all the
circumstances of the case. This would include, _inter alia_ , the closeness of
the goods, the impression given by the marks, the possibility of imperfect
recollection and the risk that the public might believe that the goods come
from the same source or economically-linked sources (_City Chain_ at [52],
_Polo (CA)_ at [28]).

98 Second, following from the phrasing of s 27(2)(b) of the TMA, the
requirement of confusion is not automatically made out just because the marks
and the respective goods on which they are used are similar (_Polo (CA)_ at
[25]). In other words, there is _no presumption_ that confusion arises where
the marks and goods are similar (_Polo (CA)_ at [8]). However, it is also
clear from s 27(2)(b) that the likelihood of confusion which is relevant is
the likelihood of confusion which is _caused_ by the similarity of the
respective marks and goods to each other. Accordingly, it stands to reason
that where there is _greater similarity_ in the marks and the goods, it would
be easier to find a likelihood of confusion (_Mobil (CA)_); _Future
Enterprises (HC)_ at [22]). For the same reason, where the earlier mark is
_distinctive_ , it is more likely that a court would find that a likelihood of
confusion exists (see _Sabel BV v Puma AG, Rudolf Dassler Sport_ [1998] RPC
199 at 224).

99 Third, it should be noted that steps taken by the alleged infringer to
differentiate his goods from those of the registered proprietor are also
relevant (_City Chain_ at [53], _Polo (CA)_ at [28]). Where the alleged
infringer has taken pains to distinguish his products from those of the
registered proprietor, the likelihood of confusion may turn out to be “merely
hypothetical or speculative” (_City Chain_ at [53], citing _Polo (HC)_ at
[21]).

100 Finally, the “mere association” of the public between the two marks based
on their similar use is not _in itself_ a sufficient basis for concluding that
there is a likelihood of confusion in the absence of any possibility of
misapprehension as to the _origin_ of the goods or services (_City Chain_ at
[58]). I emphasise that this holding is _not inconsistent_ with the point made
in [93] above with regard to the “broader” kind of confusion stemming from the
consumer’s (incorrect) assumption of some kind of economic connection between
the users of the marks. The “economic connection” point relates to the
_origin_ of the goods or services, _viz_ , the (erroneous) belief that the
goods are originating from a licensee of the registered proprietor’s goods.
This must be contrasted with the “mere association” point, which relates to –
as the phrase itself suggests – a _mere_ association, without any confusion as
to _origin_.

101 Before turning to apply the law to the facts of the present case, it
should be noted that the question as to whether consumers are likely to be
confused is an issue to be determined by the court. The court does not, and
cannot, abdicate this decision to witnesses (_Payton & Co, Limited v Snelling,
Lampard & Co Limited_ [1901] AC 308 at 311, _Electrolux Limited v Electrix
Limited_ (1954) 71 RPC 23 at 31 _per_ Evershed MR).

Application to the facts

102 For the purposes of the present case, the relevant date is 1 August 2007,
which was the time when sale of the “Nutello” drink in Singapore commenced
(see also [5] and [92] above, as well as [199] below).

103 In many of the cases cited before me, the issue of likelihood of confusion
was often determined without the help of direct survey evidence on the point
(see, for instance, _City Chain_ at [57]). In the present case, however,
separate market surveys were done by the Plaintiff and the Defendant. There
are, however, notorious difficulties with the probative value of market
surveys, and I pause to note that this case raised interesting questions about
the design of surveys in ascertaining whether there is a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public. At appropriate junctures in the analysis
that follows, I will evaluate the design of the said surveys. I shall consider
the Defendant’s survey first, followed by the Plaintiff’s, before analysing
whether the element of likelihood of confusion is made out in the present
case.

(1) The Defendant’s survey

104 The Defendant engaged a market research company, Kadence International Pte
Ltd, to conduct a survey on the question of whether the use of the “Nutello”
sign in relation to the Defendant’s product would cause a likelihood of
confusion. The Defendant’s expert witness, Mr Piers Lee, testified as to the
truth and accuracy of the survey. The survey was an exit survey conducted with
the Defendant’s customers at 20 different TCC outlets in Singapore. The sample
size of the survey was 500. The results of the Defendant’s survey showed that
27% of the Defendant’s consumers who were surveyed believed that the “Nutello”
drink was produced by the manufacturer of the “Nutella” chocolate spread
(_viz_ , the Plaintiff), and that another 3% were of the opinion that
“Nutello” was produced by _both_ the Defendant and the Plaintiff. An
additional 12% of the respondents answered that they “can’t say” who produced
the “Nutello” drink, while 58% thought that the Defendant produced the
“Nutello” drink.

105 According to the Defendant’s survey, therefore, _at least_ 30% of the
consumers would be confused into thinking that the “Nutello” product was
either produced by the Plaintiff, or the Plaintiff in association with the
Defendant. This is, the Plaintiff alleges, a substantial number of the
relevant public who would be confused as to the origin of “Nutello” product.

106 Indeed, the Plaintiff goes on to argue that had the Defendant’s survey
been carried out properly, it would have shown that more than 30% of the
relevant public would be confused. Five arguments are raised to substantiate
this claim.

(a) First, the sequence in which the questions were asked and the manner in
which the questions were framed attempted to “teach” or “lead” the survey
respondents to the desired answer that it must be the Defendant which produced
the “Nutello” drink at its TCC outlet and not the Plaintiff.

(b) Second, in the most crucial question where the survey respondents were
asked regarding who they thought the producer of the “Nutello” drink was, the
respondents were forced to make a choice between the Plaintiff and the
Defendant, without any option of indicating that _both_ the Plaintiff and the
Defendant produced the drink (see Question 8, reproduced in [109] below).

(c) Third, the relevant question is not whether the survey respondents thought
that the Plaintiff produced the “Nutello” drink; instead, the relevant
question is whether the respondents thought that the Plaintiff produced _or
licensed_ the “Nutello” drink.

(d) Fourth, the Defendant’s expert admitted that if more facts or time had
been given, some of the 12% who indicated that they “can’t say” could have
said that the “Nutello” drink was either produced by the Plaintiff, or the
Plaintiff in association with the Defendant.

(e) Fifth, the Defendant’s survey was conducted on the Defendant’s customers
as an exit survey, _viz_ , after they had patronised the Defendant’s outlet
and as they were leaving it. The Defendant had consistently characterised its
customers as being well-educated and discerning. It is therefore possible that
had the survey been conducted on the _general public_ , the proportion of the
persons who would have been confused might have been higher.

107 Although the Defendant attempted, in Reply Submissions, to dismiss the
abovementioned arguments as being merely “speculative”, there is, in my view,
much merit in the Plaintiff’s arguments. I limit my elaboration to the points
raised in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c).

108 With regard to sub-paragraph (a) (_viz_ , the framing of the questions to
“teach” or “lead” the respondents to the correct answer), I am reminded of the
caution expressed by Whitford J in _Imperial Group Ltd v Philip Morris & Co_
[1984] RPC 293 (“ _Imperial Group_ ”) at 303, that “[_g_]_reat importance_
inevitably attaches to the _way in which the questions are cast_ ” (emphasis
added). The framing of questions, however, is not (and should not be taken to
be) an easy task. Indeed, Whitford J opined that it was “ _very difficult_ in
connection with [the particular market survey in _Imperial Group_] to think of
questions which, even if they are free from the objection of being _leading_ ,
are not in fact going to _direct the person answering the question into a
field of speculation_ upon which that person would never have embarked had the
question not been put” (emphasis added).

109 Unfortunately, and with respect, the Defendant’s survey fell foul of
Whitford J’s specific exhortation against leading questions. It is useful to
illustrate this with reference to the actual survey questions used in the
Defendant’s survey. This should be taken as a message that utmost care should
be taken in framing survey questions, so as to avoid “teaching” or “leading”
the survey respondents which may affect the objectivity of the survey and
render the survey results less reliable. In brief, there are two questions
(_viz_ , Questions 6 and 7) leading to the crucial question (_viz_ Question 8)
which addresses the issue of who – in the mind of the survey respondent –
produced the “Nutello” drink. All three questions are set out in full, in the
order in which they were asked:

Q6. Are you aware that coffee chains buy ingredients **_of their drinks_**
from the **_manufacturers of the ingredients_**?

1 Yes

2 No

3 Don’t know

Q7. If the coffee chain buys the ingredients from these **_other sources_** ,
and makes the drink in their coffee chain using these ingredients, who in your
view who [_sic_] produces the drink? Is it…

1 The manufacturer of the ingredients

2 The Coffee Chain

3 Both equally

4 Other (write in)

5 Don’t know

Q8. There is a drink on the TCC menu called ‘Nutello’ that uses the **_Nutella
chocolate spread_** as an ingredient in the drink. In your view would the
drink ‘Nutello’ be produced by the manufacturer of the Nutella chocolate
spread or by TCC themselves?

1 Nutella – the manufacturer of the ingredients

2 TCC – the coffee chain

3 Other (write in)

4 Can’t say

[emphasis in original]

110 Question 6, which purports to determine whether the survey respondents are
aware that coffee chains buy ingredients of “** _their_** ” (emphasis in
original) drinks from manufacturers, is not relevant at all to the issue of
whether the relevant public would be likely to be confused _vis-à-vis_ the
origin of the “Nutello” drink. In my view, it appears that the leading nature
of Question 6 laid the ground work and injected new information into the minds
of the survey respondents, preparing them for the questions to follow. It
subtly teaches the survey respondents that coffee chains do buy ingredients of
“** _their_** ” drinks from the manufacturers of the ingredients. Furthermore,
the emphasis on the possessive term “their” may have created the impression
that the drinks were _produced by the coffee chain_ – a subtle but nonetheless
possibly significant suggestion that the Defendant, being the “coffee chain”,
produced _their_ own drinks.

111 Although Question 7 is framed as a hypothetical, nevertheless it does
inject new information into the minds of the respondents. Not only does it
repeat the point that coffee chains buy the ingredients of their drinks from
“** _other sources_** ” (emphasis in original), it attempts to clarify that
coffee chains still “ _make_[] the drink in their coffee chain” using the
ingredients they had bought (emphasis added). In cross-examination, the
Defendant’s expert witness, Mr Piers Lee, admitted that Question 7 had indeed
injected these two pieces of information. Once again, it appears to be a
subtle but nonetheless possibly significant suggestion that the Defendant,
being the “coffee chain”, _made_ the drinks and not the manufacturer of the
ingredients.

112 The framing of Question 8 – which was the most crucial question in the
survey – impacts on both the concerns expressed in [106] sub-paragraphs (a)
and, especially, (b). The survey respondents were asked who they thought
produced “Nutello”. However, they were not given an option of indicating their
(incorrect) belief that _both_ the Plaintiff and the Defendant produced the
“Nutello” drink. This was in stark contrast to an earlier (and more generic)
question where the survey respondents had been given the option of “both
equally” when asked whether it was the “manufacturer of the ingredients” or
the “coffee chain” which could be considered to have “produced” the drink (see
Question 7, reproduced in [109] above). Had the option of “both equally” been
similarly given when asking the crucial Question 8, this may have increased
the number of survey respondents who would (incorrectly) indicate that the
“Nutello” drink was produced by _both_ the Plaintiff and the Defendant (which
must have meant that they thought that the “Nutello” drink was produced by the
Plaintiff in association with the Defendant).

113 In my view, instead of Questions 6 to 8, it would have been more
appropriate for the surveyor to simply show survey respondents the menu
containing the “Nutello” drink and ask them who – in their opinion – had
produced the drink. This would perhaps provide for a more neutral context,
without teaching the survey respondents about what happens in practice, who
bought what ingredients, that coffee chains make their own drinks from
ingredients that they purchase from outside sources _etc_. It is crucial for
framers of surveys to take into consideration the manner of framing questions,
so as to avoid any “skewing effect” which leads me to question the credibility
of the Defendant’s survey.

114 With regard to sub-paragraph (c) in [106] (_viz_ , the issue of whether
the Plaintiff produced or licensed the “Nutello” drink), the way that the
questions were framed and the sequencing of the questions in the Defendant’s
survey did not allow the respondent a chance to contemplate at least two
additional possibilities, _viz_ (1) the possibility of a _ready-made drink_
being produced by the Plaintiff (and simply poured into the shot glass by the
Defendant in the kitchen); and (2) the possibility that the Plaintiff had
_licensed_ the manufacture of the drink to the Defendant.

115 When questioned, the Defendant’s expert witness Mr Piers Lee admitted that
the survey was undertaken from the perspective of “what happens in reality
within the TCC chain”, and therefore the survey “[did not] allow for other
options like opening it from a jar… or a licensing arrangement”.

116 In this regard, it has earlier been observed in [93] above that there is
instead a “broader” kind of confusion stemming from the consumer’s (incorrect)
assumption of some kind of economic connection between the users of the marks
(_eg_ that the goods are being provided by a subsidiary or licensee of the
trade mark proprietor). The failure to allow survey respondents to contemplate
the possibility of _licensing_ meant that the results generated from the
survey may not be as credible as they may have been had the questions been
framed in a more open-ended fashion. Hence, before undertaking a survey, the
methodology of survey questioning should have been carefully scrutinised to
ensure that it will produce a more accurate set of results to assist the court
in deciding whether or not there is any likelihood of confusion on the part of
the relevant public arising out of the identical nature or similarity of the
signs/marks and the goods or services in question.

(2) The Plaintiff’s survey

117 The Plaintiff had also engaged a market research company, FORBES Research
Pte Ltd, to conduct a survey on the question of whether the use of the
“Nutello” sign in relation to the Defendant’s product would cause a likelihood
of confusion. The Plaintiff’s expert witness, Dr Chan Wai Ming, testified as
to the truth and accuracy of the survey. Unlike the Defendant’s survey, which
was an exit survey conducted on the Defendant’s customers, the Plaintiff’s
survey was targeted at the general public. A total of 410 respondents were
interviewed for the Plaintiff’s survey at 10 different locations across
Singapore.

118 The first two questions of the Plaintiff’s survey were in relation to each
respondent’s awareness of “Nutella”. Of the 410 survey respondents, 363
indicated awareness of “Nutella”. These 363 respondents were thereafter shown
a picture of the Defendant’s menu with the “Nutello” drink and its
accompanying description, and asked:

**_Question 3_**

<DISPLAY SHOWCARD C AND READ THIS PARA…> **This is a picture of an extract of
the menu of a coffee chain outlet known as TCC in Singapore of a drink they
offer for sale by the brand called “Nutello” and is described as an “****
_Espresso with lashings of nutella– Perfect for cocoa lovers_****”**.

**How likely would it be that the manufacturer of the NUTELLA sweet spread
produces the drink named NUTELLO?**

1\. Likely ? <ASK QUESTION 4A>

2\. Unlikely ? <ASK QUESTION 4B>

3\. Don’t Know ? <ASK QUESTION 4C>

[emphasis in original]

119 Among the 363 respondents who were aware of “Nutella”, 3 declined to
answer this question, thus reducing the sample size to 360. Of the 360
respondents, 104 (28.90%) were of the (incorrect) view that it was _likely_
that “Nutello” was produced by the manufacturer of “Nutella”, while 106
(29.40%) were of the (correct) view that it was _unlikely_ that the
manufacturer of “Nutella” produced “Nutello”, and 150 (41.70%) indicated that
they “don’t know” about the likelihood that the manufacturer of “Nutella”
produced “Nutello”.

120 The 106 respondents who thought it was _unlikely_ that the manufacturer of
“Nutella” produced “Nutello” were asked the following question:

**_Question 4B_**

**You said that it is unlikely that the drink named NUTELLO is produced by the
manufacturer of NUTELLA sweet spread, how likely is that the manufacturer of
NUTELLA sweet spread authorized the TCC coffee chain outlet to use the name
NUTELLO?**

1\. Likely

2\. Unlikely

3\. It should be

[emphasis in original]

Of these 106 respondents, 2 declined to answer. Of the remaining sample size
of 104 respondents, 16 (15.40% of this group) felt that it was likely that the
manufacturer of Nutella had _authorised_ the Defendant’s coffee chain to use
the name “Nutello” for the drink.

121 I must, at this juncture, make two comments regarding the framing of
Question 4B.

(a) First, I express my doubts as to the meaning and relevance of the third
option to Question 4B (“[i]t should be”). There was some uncertainty as to
what this option meant, and the label in Dr Chan’s graph somewhat confusingly
presented the third option as “Don’t Know”. I therefore disregard the 7
respondents who answered this question by indicating the third option.
Accordingly, all that matters for present purposes is that 16 of the 104
respondents who did not decline to answer this question indicated that it was
_likely_ that the manufacturer of “Nutella” authorised the use of the name
“Nutello”.

(b) Second, I note that although (unlike the Defendant’s survey) the
Plaintiff’s survey provided for the possibility of a licensing arrangement
(“how likely is that the manufacturer of NUTELLA sweet spread _authorized_ the
TCC coffee chain outlet to use the name NUTELLO”), the framing of the question
was not the most ideal. As I had noted in [115] above, questions in general
and the “licensing” question in particular should be framed in a more open-
ended fashion. The manner in which the Plaintiff’s survey respondents were
asked the question may have planted the possibility of licensing in their
minds when they would not, of their own accord, consider such a possibility.

122 The 150 respondents who answered that they “[d]on’t [k]now” about the
likelihood that the manufacturer of “Nutella” produced “Nutello” were asked
the following question:

**_Question 4C_**

**You said that you do not know if the drink named NUTELLO is produced by the
manufacturer of NUTELLA sweet spread, how likely is that the manufacturer of
NUTELLA sweet spread authorized the TCC coffee chain outlet to use the name
NUTELLO?**

1\. Likely

2\. Unlikely

3\. It should be

[emphasis in original]

Of these 150 respondents, 17 respondents declined to answer or indicated that
they did not know the answer. Of the remaining sample size of 133 respondents,
27 (20.30% of this group) thought that it was likely that the manufacturer of
Nutella had authorised the Defendant’s coffee chain to use the name “Nutello”
for the drink. I pause here to note that the same problem regarding the third
option (“[i]t should be”) arises in relation to this question. I therefore
disregard the 48 respondents who answered this question by indicating the
third option. Accordingly, I note that 27 of the 133 respondents indicated
that it was _likely_ that the manufacturer of “Nutella” authorised the use of
the name “Nutello”.

123 Following from this analysis, it would appear that 147 respondents in all
(_ie_ the 104 respondents in [119], 16 respondents in [120] and 27 respondents
in [122]) believed or perceived that “Nutello” was either produced by the
manufacturer of “Nutella”, or that the manufacturer of “Nutella” had
authorised the Defendant’s coffee chain to use the name “Nutello” on the
drink. This represents about 35.85% of the total sample size of 410
respondents.

124 The Defendant contended that the Plaintiff’s survey did not meet the
mandatory requirements regarding expert reports as contained in Order 40A of
the Rules of Court and Form 58 of the Subordinate Courts Practice Directions
(2006 Ed) (“Form 58”). The Defendant cited _Pacific Recreation v SY Technology
Inc_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”), where the Court of Appeal
noted that (at [65]):

The requirements of an expert's report are contained in O 40A r 3(2) of the
Rules, and apply to all manner of experts. We will discuss each of the
relevant requirements in turn. For now, it is pertinent to note that these
requirements are  _mandatory_ except where the court otherwise directs. We
would also like to highlight Form 58 of the Subordinate Courts Practice
Directions (2006 Ed) (“Form 58”). Form 58 is a note which parties are obliged
to furnish to their intended expert witnesses under para 152(2) of the
Subordinate Courts Practice Directions. Although the Supreme Court Practice
Directions (2007 Ed) do not contain similar provisions, as a matter of good
practice, the same procedure should generally be adopted for proceedings in
the Supreme Court.

125 Referring to the prescribed statement in Form 58, the Defendant pointed
out that Dr Chan’s report did not contain a statement concerning his duty to
the court (“the Form 58 prescribed statement”). The Form 58 prescribed
statement reads:

I confirm that insofar as the facts stated in my report are within my own
knowledge I have made clear they are and I believe them to be correct, and
that the opinions I have expressed represent my accurate and complete
professional opinion.

I also confirm that in preparing this report, I am aware that my primary duty
is to the Court and not the person(s) from whom I have received my
instructions or by whom I am paid.

126 It was confirmed in cross-examination that the Form 58 prescribed
statement was not in the Plaintiff’s survey report. However, it should be
noted that paras 2, 3 and 12 of Dr Chan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief
stated:

2\. I am duly authorized to affirm this affidavit by Forbes Research for the
purpose of introducing a survey report that Forbes Research carried on the
instructions of Messrs Ravindran Associates acting on behalf of the Plaintiff
herein. …

3\. The facts deposed to herein are based on my _personal knowledge_ or are
_based on the documents of Forbes Research to which I have been given
unrestricted access_. Insofar as they are within my personal knowledge, they
are _true_. Insofar as they are based on the Forbes Research’s documents they
are _true to the best of my knowledge and belief_.

…

12\. Though I make this Affidavit in my _capacity as an expert witness_ on
conducting of market research surveys engaged by the Plaintiff, I understand
and appreciate that my _overriding duty to assist the Honourable Court_ in
matters within my expertise, and this _duty overrides any obligations to the
Plaintiff_.

[emphasis added]

127 These paragraphs largely resemble the prescribed statement in Form 58.
Indeed, referring to para 12 of his affidavit, Dr Chan confirmed that the
Plaintiff’s survey report complied in spirit with the Form 58 prescribed
statement.

128 In any case, I note that the Form 58 prescribed statement applies to
expert witnesses in the _Subordinate Courts_. Although the Court of Appeal in
_Pacific Recreation_ noted at [65] that “as a matter of good practice, the
same procedure should generally be adopted for proceedings in the Supreme
Court”, on a close reading of the judgment, the court did not go on to say
that the Form 58 prescribed statement was _mandatory_. Instead, the court had
limited its observation on mandatory requirements to those contained in Order
40A rule 3. In this regard, Order 40A rule 3 merely states that the report
must, _inter alia_ , contain a statement of belief of correctness of the
expert’s opinion, and contain a statement that the expert understands that in
giving his report, his duty is to the Court and that he complies with that
duty. This, in my view, Dr Chan had done in paras 2, 3 and 12 of his
affidavit. I note that no statement is prescribed under the Rules of Court, or
under the _Supreme Court_ Practice Directions. Therefore, I do not think that
the Plaintiff’s survey report should be disregarded due to its omission of the
Form 58 prescribed statement.

(3) Analysis: Was there likelihood of confusion in the present case?

129 I re-emphasise that whether or not there is a likelihood of confusion is
ultimately for the court to decide (see [101] above). Survey results are not
conclusive of the issue.

130 In this regard, it should be pointed out that a number of cases have
cautioned that great care and circumspection must be taken with respect to
market surveys. This is because, as was noted by the English High Court in
_Whirlpool Corporation v Kenwood Ltd_ [2009] RPC 2 (“ _Whirlpool_ ”) at [35]:

The need for circumspection in the assessment of questionnaire survey evidence
is well-understood. The concern is that to a greater or lesser degree:
“Interviews and questionnaires intrude as a _foreign element_ into the social
setting they would describe, they create as well as measure attitudes, they
_elicit atypical roles and responses_ , they are limited to those who are
accessible and will co-operate and the responses obtained are produced in part
by dimensions of individual differences irrelevant to the topic at hand”
[citing Webb _et al_ , _Unobtrusive Measures_ (Sage Publications Inc, 2000)].
… [footnotes omitted]

131 The danger is that evidence obtained under the circumstances mentioned in
the quotation above does not constitute the _spontaneous reaction_ of members
of the public who have been exposed to the relevant signs/marks and goods in
question. As was noted by the English High Court in _O2 Holdings Ltd v
Hutchison 3G Ltd (No 2)_ [2006] RPC 30 at [12], market survey evidence is
sometimes obtained as a result of the artificial application to members of the
public of stimuli directed at provoking reactions and responses “under
controlled conditions”. In _Imperial Group Ltd v Philip Morris & Co_ [1984]
RPC 293, the English High Court opined that “[h]owever satisfactory market
research surveys may be in assisting commercial organisations as to how they
can best conduct their business, they are by and large, as experience in other
cases has indicated, _an unsatisfactory way of trying to establish question of
fact which are likely to be matters of dispute_ ” (emphasis added).

132 Keeping in view the numerous difficulties above mentioned, the court in
_Whirlpool_ suggested (at [35]) that:

There is, accordingly, a practical requirement for information relating to the
structure, method and results of questionnaire surveys to be full enough to
enable the strengths and weaknesses of the research work to be evaluated. It
is now the practice for the utility of any proposed survey work to be
considered as a matter of case management during the interim stages of actions
for infringement of registered trade mark and passing off. [footnotes omitted]

133 This eloquently worded caution should be considered by all parties seeking
to do surveys in general, and, of particular relevance to the present issue,
surveys ascertaining the substantiality of confusion amongst the relevant
public.

134 In _Imperial Group_ , albeit in the context of “confusion” in the law of
passing off, Whitford J provided useful analysis of the market surveys in that
case, as well as the weight to be accorded to them. The following guidelines
may be distilled from the learned judge’s observations. These should, of
course, not be taken as an exhaustive list – they are merely guidelines to
consider in determining the weight to be accorded to survey results. The
guidelines are:

(a) the interviewees in the survey must be selected so as to represent the
relevant cross-section of the public;

(b) the size of the survey must be statistically significant;

(c) the survey must be conducted fairly;

(d) all the surveys carried out must be disclosed, including the number of
surveys carried out, how they were conducted and the totality of the persons
involved;

(e) the totality of the answers given must be disclosed and made available to
the defendant;

(f) the questions must neither be leading, nor should they lead the person
answering into a field of speculation he would never have embarked upon had
the question not been put;

(g) the exact answers and not some abbreviated form should be recorded;

(h) the instructions to the interviewers as to how to carry out the survey
must be disclosed; and

(i) where the answers are coded for computer input, the coding instructions
must be disclosed.

135 As was alluded to earlier (see [108]-[112] above), the Defendant’s survey
was plagued by the problem of leading questions. As such, I doubt the accuracy
of the results obtained in that survey. Had the Defendant’s survey been
carried out properly, it _could_ have shown that more than 30% of the relevant
public would be confused. I have also noted above that the Plaintiff’s survey
had a similar (although less severe) issue of leading the survey respondents
when it explicitly asked survey respondents whether there was a possibility of
licensing. That said, I note that if some correction is made for leading
questions in both surveys, the percentage of persons confused might well have
hovered at around the 30-35% level.

136 One general shortcoming that applies to _both_ the Plaintiff’s and the
Defendant’s surveys is that neither survey actually directly ascertains the
_cause_ of the confusion. This is unfortunate, because, as was explained in
[94] above, the confusion for the purposes of s 27(2) of the TMA must be
_caused_ by the similarities in the respective marks and goods concerned.
Failure to ascertain that the confusion came from the aforementioned
similarities would effectively result in the problem that the Court of Appeal
in _Polo_ attempted to avoid – a conflation of the three tests (_viz_ ,
identity/similarity of signs/marks, identity/similarity of goods, and
likelihood of confusion) (see [22] above).

137 On this point of ascertaining the cause of confusion, I note that the
Plaintiff’s survey _did_ include a question for the 104 respondents who
indicated that it was “likely” that “Nutello” was produced by the manufacturer
of “Nutella”, which read:

Q4A. You said that it is likely be [_sic_] that the drink NUTELLO is produced
by the manufacturer of NUTELLA sweet spread. Can you state your reason or
reasons for concluding so? [multiple response]

However, the Plaintiff’s survey _did not_ include a similar question for the
respondents who did not think it “likely” that “Nutello” was produced by the
manufacturer of “Nutella”, but nevertheless thought it “likely” that “Nutello”
was “authorised” by the manufacturer of “Nutella” (see [120]-[122] above).

138 The results to Question 4A (just reproduced above) provide some indication
that _not every respondent who was “confused” into thinking that the
manufacturer of “Nutella” produced “Nutello” was so confused due to the
similarity in the respective marks and goods concerned_. Responding to
Question 4A, 55 respondents (52.9% of this group) indicated that they thought
it likely that “Nutello” was produced by the manufacturer of “Nutella” because
the name “Nutello” must have _derived_ from “Nutella”. 36 (34.6%) indicated
that they thought it likely because the “Nutello” drink was made using
“Nutella” sweet spread, while 14 (13.5%) thought that “Nutello” was a new
brand name given by the manufacturer of “Nutella” for drinks. One respondent
thought that it was possible that the manufacturer of “Nutella” had expanded
their product range. The remaining 4 respondents provided other reasons, such
as the fact that the “Nutello” drink had “Nutella” taste.

139 Therefore, it is _crucial_ that questions relating to the _cause_ of the
confusion should have been asked. Of course, these questions must not be asked
in a _leading_ way. One possible way, and I am by no means suggesting that
this is the only or best possible way, of ascertaining the cause of the
confusion in the present case is for broad open-ended questions to be asked,
for instance:

Q. [Interviewer shows survey respondent a picture of the “Nutello” drink from
the menu, and asks:] Who do you think produced this product?

1 The manufacturer of “Nutella”

2 The coffee chain “TCC”

3 Both the manufacturer of “Nutella” and “TCC”

4 Don’t know

[If the survey respondent responds with either (1), (2) or (3), move to the
next question]

Q. Why do you say that the “Nutello” drink was produced by (the manufacturer
“Nutella”; _or_ the coffee chain “TCC”; _or_ both the manufacturer of
“Nutella” and “TCC”)? [open-ended response invited from survey respondent]

140 In my view, these two questions would have more appropriately and
accurately captured the essence of the survey objective, _viz_ , to determine
_whether_ , and if so _why_ , the relevant public is confused as to the
_origin_ of the “Nutello” drink.

141 Keeping in mind the difficulties associated with market surveys, and also
the exhortation that the issue of confusion is to be determined by the court
rather than by (expert) witnesses and/or their surveys, I find on a balance of
probabilities that the Plaintiff has, for the reasons stated below,
established the requirement of likelihood of confusion arising out of (a) the
similarity of “Nutello” with “Nutella”; and (b) the similarity of Defendant’s
drink labelled or marked “Nutello” with “chocolate products” for which the
Plaintiff had registered its “Nutella” mark.

142 First, as observed in [98] above, where there is _greater similarity_ in
the marks and the goods, it would be easier to find a likelihood of confusion.
Similarly, where the earlier mark is _distinctive_ , it is more likely that a
court would find that a likelihood of confusion exists. In the present case,
there is great similarity between the “Nutello” sign and “Nutella” word mark.
There is also similarity in the goods represented by the “Nutello” sign with
the product specification (“chocolate products”) for which the “Nutella” word
mark is registered – indeed, they fall within the same class of the
International Classification of Goods and Services (see [88] above).
Furthermore, the “Nutella” word mark, being an invented word, is inherently
distinctive (see [74] above).

143 Second, in determining the likelihood of confusion, all that has to be
shown is that a _not insubstantial_ number of the relevant public would have
been confused (see [96] above). There is no requirement under Singapore law,
contrary to what the Defendant appeared to assert, that the absence of a
_majority_ who would be confused meant that there was insubstantial
“likelihood of confusion”. Indeed, I note that given the court’s reference to
“ _single_ member of the public” (emphasis added), “ _de minimis_ level”, “
_very small_ unobservant section of society” (emphasis added), or “[where] the
_only_ person who would be misled would be a moron in a hurry” (emphasis
added), the Court of Appeal in _Mobil (CA)_ was not looking at a high
threshold or a threshold that would constitute at least a majority of the
relevant members of the public when using the phrase “a not insubstantial
number” (see _Mobil (CA)_ at [78]-[79]).

144 The survey results, although not entirely satisfactory, fortify my view
that the requirement of likelihood of confusion of the kind as described is
made out. With regard to the Defendant’s survey, I have earlier expressed my
view that had the survey been carried out properly, it _could_ have shown that
more than 30% of the relevant public would be confused (see [135] above) for a
variety of reasons, some of which may be irrelevant for our consideration.
With regard to the Plaintiff’s survey, I note that the survey indicated that
about 35.85% would be confused (see [123] above), also for a variety of
reasons, some of which may be irrelevant for our consideration. It thus
appears from both surveys that about 30% of the relevant public would be
confused _per se_. While some discount on this percentage has to be made given
the shortcomings I have observed in [121(b)] and [136]-[138] above, I am of
the view that the requirement of a “not insubstantial number” has been made
out on a balance of probabilities.

Conclusion on s 27(2)(b) trade mark infringement

145 I have found that the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” sign amounted to
trade mark use, that the “Nutello” sign and “Nutella” word mark are similar,
that there is similarity in the goods represented by the “Nutello” sign with
the product specification (“chocolate products”) for which the “Nutella” word
mark is registered, and that because of the similarity in marks and goods,
there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public. I therefore
hold that the Defendant had infringed the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” word mark
under s 27(2)(b) of the TMA. Accordingly, the Plaintiff will be granted
damages to be assessed and an injunction to restrain the Defendant from
infringing the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” word mark.

146 It would have been sufficient for practical purposes to conclude the case
at this point. However, because the Plaintiff is also seeking a declaration
that the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks are well known trade marks within the
definition of s 2(1) of the TMA, and is also claiming damages for passing off,
it is necessary for me to proceed to analyse both the well known trade mark
infringement claim and the passing off claim. I turn next to consider the
former.

Infringement of “well known” trade marks (s 55 of the TMA)

147 The Plaintiff claimed relief under s 55 of the TMA for protection of well
known trade marks in relation to _all_ its “Nutella” marks (see [3] above).

148 As a preliminary point, the Defendant argued that the “Nutella” word mark
(and, _a fortiori_ , the “Nutello” sign) was dissimilar to the other “Nutella”
marks (which incorporate the device of a bread, knife, hazelnuts and milk
glass). The Defendant further argued that the Plaintiff had to show that _all_
the Nutella marks were well known. I am of the view that this argument is
without merit; it is clear from the surveys that the general public is
familiar with all the Nutella marks.

149 Under s 55 of the TMA, the protection for trade marks varies according to
whether the trade mark is (1) “well known in Singapore”; or (2) “well known to
the _public at large_ in Singapore”. The relevant provisions are ss 55(2) and
55(3), which are reproduced here for convenience:

(2) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to identical or similar goods or
services, where the use is likely to cause confusion.

(3) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to any goods or services, where the use
of the trade mark —

(a) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor, and is likely to damage the interests of the proprietor; or

(b) if the proprietors trade mark is well known to the public at large in
Singapore —

(i) would cause dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of
the proprietor’s trade mark; or

(ii) would take unfair advantage of the distinctive character of the
proprietor’s trade mark.

150 For all claims under s 55 of the TMA, the Plaintiff must first establish,
as a preliminary issue, that its “Nutella” marks are either “well known in
Singapore” (for the claims under ss 55(2) and 55(3)(a)) or “well known to the
public at large in Singapore” (for the claim under s 55(3)(b)). I first
analyse whether the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known to the public at
large in Singapore” or “well known in Singapore”, before turning to determine
whether the claims under ss 55(2) and 55(3) are successfully made out.

Whether the trade marks are “well known in Singapore” and/or “well known to
the public at large in Singapore”

151 Under s 2(1) of the TMA, the definition of the term “well known trade
mark” is as follows:

“well known trade mark” means —

(a) any registered trade mark that is well known in Singapore; or

(b) any unregistered trade mark that is well known in Singapore and that
belongs to a person who —

(i) is a national of a Convention country; or

(ii) is domiciled in, or has a real and effective industrial or commercial
establishment in, a Convention country,

whether or not that person carries on business, or has any goodwill, in
Singapore;

152 In assessing whether a trade mark is “well known in Singapore”, regard
must be had to the factors listed in ss 2(7), 2(8) and 2(9) of the TMA. It is
clear that these factors are _not exhaustive_ (_Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts
Ltd and another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“ _Amanresorts_ ”) at [137]). For
convenience, ss 2(7), 2(8) and 2(9) of the TMA are reproduced here:

(7) Subject to subsection (8), in deciding, for the purposes of this Act,
whether a trade mark is well known in Singapore, it shall be relevant to take
into account any matter from which it may be inferred that the trade mark is
well known, including such of the following matters as may be relevant:

(a) the degree to which the trade mark is known to or recognised by any
relevant sector of the public in Singapore;

(b) the duration, extent and geographical area of —

(i) any use of the trade mark; or

(ii) any promotion of the trade mark, including any advertising of, any
publicity given to, or any presentation at any fair or exhibition of, the
goods or services to which the trade mark is applied;

(c) any registration or application for the registration of the trade mark in
any country or territory in which the trade mark is used or recognised, and
the duration of such registration or application;

(d) any successful enforcement of any right in the trade mark in any country
or territory, and the extent to which the trade mark was recognised as well
known by the competent authorities of that country or territory;

(e) any value associated with the trade mark.

(8) Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant
sector of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well
known in Singapore.

(9) In subsections (7) and (8), “relevant sector of the public in Singapore”
includes any of the following:

(a) all actual consumers and potential consumers in Singapore of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(b) all persons in Singapore involved in the distribution of the goods or
services to which the trade mark is applied;

(c) all businesses and companies in Singapore dealing in the goods or services
to which the trade mark is applied.

153 The TMA does not define the phrase “well known to the public at large in
Singapore”. However, in _City Chain_ , the Court of Appeal emphasised that the
test “well known to the public at large in Singapore” must mean _more_ than
just “well known in Singapore”; to come within the former test, the trade mark
must necessarily enjoy a _much higher_ degree of recognition (_City Chain_ at
[94]). It “must be recognised by most sectors of the public though we would
not go so far as to say all sectors of the public” (_City Chain_ at [94]).
Such an approach, as the Court of Appeal recognised, would be in line with the
United States’ approach in determining famous marks (_City Chain_ at [94]). It
flows from the logic in _City Chain_ that _if_ a trade mark is shown to be
“well known to the public at large in Singapore”, it is _necessarily_ also
“well known in Singapore”.

Whether the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known to the public at large in
Singapore”

154 In determining whether a trade mark is “well known to the public at large
in Singapore”, regard must nonetheless be had to s 2(7) of the TMA, which
deals with trade marks that are “well known in Singapore” (_City Chain_ at
[92]; and see s 2(7) of the TMA, reproduced at [152] above).

155 I find that the “Nutella” marks are well known to the _public at large_ in
Singapore, for the following reasons:

(a) First, Mr Malatesta gave evidence that the “Nutella” bread spread is
carried by between 94% to 98% of the stores in Singapore that sell food items,
and that about 2 million units of “Nutella” bread spread are sold every year
in Singapore (where there are only 1.1 million households). Mr Malatesta also
gave evidence on how the “Nutella” bread spread can be found throughout
Singapore at various trade outlets such as hypermarkets, supermarket chains,
convenience stores, petrol kiosks, neighbourhood shops and even kiosks
operating at some bus stops. The Defendant did not cross-examine Mr Malatesta
on any of these claims. Mr Malatesta’s evidence must therefore be taken to be
accepted.

(b) Second, the results of the Plaintiff’s survey were telling in illustrating
that the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” mark is well known in Singapore. The survey
report evidences the awareness or existence of certain beliefs or opinions
held (whether rightly or wrongly) by the respondents to the survey, and to the
extent that it is a representative sample of a certain section of the public,
it is reflective also of the awareness or existence of those beliefs or
opinions of that section of the public with a certain confidence level which
depends, _inter alia_ , on the size of the survey sample with respect to the
size of the population that constitutes that section of public in question.
(see also _Saga Foodstuffs Manufacturing (Pte) Ltd v Best Food Pte Ltd_ [1994]
3 SLR(R) 1013 at [7]-[16]). The survey revealed the following:

(i) “Nutella” was the most recognised brand among all other listed brands of
sweet spreads, with 292 (71.2%) of the 410 survey respondents selecting
“Nutella” as a sweet spread that they were familiar with. It should be noted
that of the 292 survey respondents who were familiar with “Nutella”, a vast
majority (239 survey respondents) stated that they have known “Nutella” for
more than five years.

(ii) Of the 118 survey respondents who did not indicate “Nutella” as being a
sweet spread that they were familiar with, a majority (71 survey respondents)
indicated that they were familiar with the product when showed a photograph of
the “Nutella” spread. It should be noted that of the 71 survey respondents who
indicated familiarity after being shown the photograph, a majority (46 survey
respondents) indicated that they had known “Nutella” for more than five years.

(iii) In all, 363 of the 410 survey respondents (88.53%) were familiar with
“Nutella”, with 288 (70.2%) of the respondents indicating that they had known
“Nutella” for more than five years.

(c) Third, the Defendant’s own evidence is that the “Nutella” mark is well
known and that consumers are attracted by the “Nutella” mark.

(i) The Defendant had used the “Nutella” mark on its menu without explaining
it, on the assumption that all its customers would be aware of “Nutella”, and
even know the taste of the same. Indeed, Mr Christopher Tan explicitly agreed
under cross-examination that the “Nutella” mark is well-known.

(ii) The Defendant’s other witnesses, Mr Robin Ng and Mr Desmond Tan,
testified that they were aware of “Nutella” and had consumed the “Nutella”
spread before.

(iii) The Internet blog postings (which were adduced by the Defendant) show
that the “Nutella” mark is well known to the public, indicating _inter alia_
that the bloggers have personally consumed “Nutella” and/or that their family
members have tried “Nutella” before. Indeed, many of the bloggers seem to have
presumed that the viewers of their comments (which, it is assumed, is the
general public) were familiar with “Nutella”, given that they did not explain
the composition or taste of “Nutella” (in contrast, these bloggers endeavoured
to explain what “Nutello” is). Mr Christopher Tan further agreed under cross-
examination that the bloggers appeared not only to know the “Nutella” product
well, but that they were in fact – to use his words – “passionate” about
“Nutella”.

(d) Fourth, the Plaintiff adduced evidence of no less than twenty independent
articles in the print media making reference to the “Nutella” spread. As early
as 9 July 1989, “Nutella” spread was listed as one of the five most-liked
sandwich choices in terms of popularity. In an article published by the
Straits Times on 30 August 2000 titled “Rise and shine with chocolate”, the
“Nutella” spread was voted as the “King of chocolate bread spreads” by a panel
assembled by the Straits Times. I note that the Defendant did not object to
the admissibility of these reports, and rightly so: the newspaper articles
were not tendered to prove the truth of the facts stated therein, but rather,
to prove the fact that they were written and published in the mass media
having a very wide circulation, thereby showing that the public at large would
have the opportunity of reading the articles and learning about “Nutella”,
even if they were not previously aware of the existence of the “Nutella”
spread.

156 For the reasons above cited, I am of the view that the Plaintiff’s trade
marks are “well known to the public at large in Singapore”.

Whether the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known in Singapore”

157 Even assuming that I am wrong on the forgoing point, I am of the view that
the Plaintiff’s trade marks are, _at the very least_ , “well known in
Singapore”.

158 In _Amanresorts_ , the Court of Appeal held that in determining whether a
trade mark is well known in Singapore, the _most crucial factor_ is that set
out in s 2(7)(a) of the TMA, _viz_ , “the degree to which the trade mark is
known to or recognised by any relevant sector of the public in Singapore” (at
[139]):

139 There has been some significant and interesting debate among legal
commentators on the actual scope of ss 2(7)(_c_)-2(7)(_e_) of the current TMA.
However, as the instant case does not turn on the consideration of these
factors, we shall limit our discussion to s 2(7)(_a_) (primarily) and s
2(7)(_b_) of the current TMA. Despite what has been said earlier, **_it can be
persuasively said that s 2(7)(_**_a_** _) is arguably the most crucial
factor_** when determining whether a trade mark is well known in Singapore.
This is because, by virtue of s 2(8) of the current TMA:

Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant sector
of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well known in
Singapore.

140 This deeming provision suggests that the court cannot disregard s
2(7)(_a_) (which looks at "the degree to which the trade mark is  _known to or
recognised by any relevant sector of the public in Singapore_ " [emphasis
added]) in its deliberations. Indeed, it appears that **_all the other factors
listed in s 2(7) are irrelevant once it is determined that the trade mark in
question is well known to "any relevant sector of the public in Singapore"_**
(_per_ s 2(7)(_a_)).

[emphasis in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

159 The Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ also clarified that the relevant
sector of the public, for the purposes of proving that the trade mark is “well
known in Singapore”, comprises the _actual and/or potential customers_ of the
_trade mark proprietor’s goods or services_ (_Amanresorts_ at [154]).

160 Finally, the Court of Appeal also recognised that it is “ _not too
difficult_ for a trade mark to be regarded as ‘well known in Singapore’”
(emphasis added), since the trade mark in question only has to be recognised
by _any_ relevant sector of the public in Singapore, which sector could “in
certain cases be _miniscule_ ” (_Amanresorts_ at [229], emphasis added).

161 Applying the legal principles as elaborated on in [158]-[160] above, for
the same reasons that I found the Plaintiff’s trade marks to be well known to
the public at large in Singapore (see [155] above), I find that the
Plaintiff’s trade marks are well known in Singapore.

Infringement of s 55(2) of the TMA (“confusing use”)

162 With regard to s 55(2) of the TMA, the elements that have to be
established before liability is made out are:

(a)

First, that the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known trade marks”;

(b)

Second, that the Defendant’s “Nutello” sign, or an essential part of which, is
identical or similar to any of the Plaintiff’s trade marks;

(c)

Third, that the product on which the Defendant’s “Nutello” sign is used is
identical or similar to any of the goods or services for which the Plaintiff’s
trade marks are registered; and

(d)

Fourth, that there exists a likelihood of confusion because of such identity
or similarity.

163 It is evident that save for the first element (sub-para (a) in the
preceding paragraph), the rest of the elements are the same as that required
for trade mark infringement under s 27(2)(b) of the TMA. Having found earlier
that the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known in Singapore” (see [161]
above), and that the remaining three elements were made out in the context of
the claim under s 27(2)(b) (see [145] above), I find that the claim under s
55(2) of the TMA is established. The Plaintiff is therefore entitled to an
injunction under s 55(2) of the TMA to prevent the Defendant from using the
“Nutello” sign.

Infringement of s 55(3)(a) (“damaging connection”)

164 With regard to s 55(3)(a) of the TMA, the elements that have to be
established before liability is made out are:

(a)

First, that the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known trade marks”;

(b)

Second, that the Defendant’s “Nutello” sign, or an essential part of which, is
identical or similar to any of the Plaintiff’s trade marks;

(c)

Third, that the product on which the Defendant’s “Nutello” sign is used in
relation to _any_ goods or services (including dissimilar goods or services);
and

(d)

Fourth, that the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” sign in relation to the
Defendant’s product would indicate a _connection_ between the Defendant’s
products and the Plaintiff, and is _likely to damage_ the interests of the
Plaintiff.

165 By parity of reason to the analysis regarding the claim under s 55(2) of
the TMA, it is evident that the first and second elements have been
established (see [163] above). The third element is not in dispute either,
since it is clear that the Defendant had used the sign “Nutello” in relation
to its goods (specifically, the “Nutello” drink).

166 With regard to the fourth element, the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_
held that the term “connection” in s 55(3)(a) does not mean mere connection,
but a connection which is _likely to give rise to confusion_ (_Amanresorts_ at
[161]-[177], [229] and [233]). In _Amanresorts_ , the Court of Appeal noted
that the tests relating to the s 55(3)(a) requirements of “connection” and
“likely to damage the [plaintiff’s] interests” were “substantively the same
as” the tests relating to misrepresentation and damage under the law of
passing off, although there was one difference between the two tests: the s
55(3)(a) test concerns the plaintiff’s _interests_ whereas the latter concerns
the plaintiff’s _goodwill_ and _not_ its interests (_Amanresorts_ at [234]).
However, despite this last-mentioned difference, the s 55(3)(a) and passing
off claims in _Amanresorts_ yielded the same results. In the present case,
similarly, the difference noted by the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ would
not make any practical difference between the s 55(3)(a) and passing off
claims. In this regard, for the reasons that I will give in the context of
passing off, I find that the fourth element is made out.

167 I therefore find that the claim under s 55(3)(a) of the TMA is
established. The Plaintiff is entitled to an injunction under s 55(3)(a) of
the TMA to prevent the Defendant from using the “Nutello” sign.

Infringement of s 55(3)(b) (trade marks “well known to the public at large in
Singapore”)

168 With regard to trade marks that are “well known to the public at large in
Singapore”, a proprietor of such a trade mark is entitled to obtain an
injunction under s 55(3)(b) of the TMA if he can prove following elements:

(a)

First, that the Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known to the public at large
in Singapore”;

(b)

Second, that the Defendant’s “Nutello” sign, or an essential part of which, is
identical or similar to any of the Plaintiff’s trade marks;

(c)

Third, that the product on which the Defendant’s “Nutello” sign is used in
relation to _any_ goods or services (including dissimilar goods or services);
and

(d)

Fourth, that the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” sign in relation to the
Defendant’s product would _either_ :

(i)

cause _dilution_ in an _unfair manner_ of the _distinctive character_ of the
“Nutella” marks (see s 55(3)(b)(i)); _or_

(ii)

take _unfair advantage_ of the _distinctive character_ of the “Nutella” marks
(see s 55(3)(b)(ii)).

169 By parity of reason to the analysis regarding the claim under s 55(3)(a)
of the TMA, it is evident that the second and third elements of s 55(3)(b)
have been established (see [165] above). I have also found that the
Plaintiff’s trade marks are “well known to the public at large in Singapore”
(see [154]-[156]).

170 I turn to analyse whether the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” sign in
relation to the Defendant’s product would _either_ (a) cause _dilution_ in an
_unfair manner_ of the _distinctive character_ of the “Nutella” marks (see s
55(3)(b)(i)); _or_ (b) take _unfair advantage_ of the _distinctive character_
of the “Nutella” marks (see s 55(3)(b)(ii)).

Unfair dilution of distinctiveness of well known trade mark

171 With regard to “unfair dilution” under s 55(3)(b)(i) of the TMA, it is
necessary to first clarify the meaning of “dilution” as some confusion seemed
to have surfaced in the submissions in the present case. The term “dilution”
in the context of the TMA should _not_ be confused with the use of the term
“dilution” in a passing off action. I must belabour this point because the
Defendant’s submissions at times have appeared to conflate the concept of
“dilution by blurring and/or tarnishment” under s 55 of the TMA with the
concept of “blurring and/or tarnishment to goodwill” under the passing off
action. As will be seen shortly, the Court of Appeal has explicitly cautioned
against this confusion.

172 The (misleading and erroneous) use of the term “dilution” in the context
of passing off purports to refer to the blurring or tarnishment of _goodwill
in the Plaintiff’s get-up_ (_Amanresorts_ at [97] and [131]). This must be
contrasted with the use of the term “dilution” in the context of well known
trade mark infringement, which involves the dilution of the _distinctive
character of the Plaintiff’s trade mark_ (see the phrasing of s 55(3)(b)(i)
and the definition of “dilution” in s 2(1)). To avoid further confusion, the
Court of Appeal has eschewed using the term “dilution” in the context of
passing off claims (_Amanresorts_ at [131] and _Mobil (CA)_ at [96]).

173 “Dilution” is defined, for the purposes of s 55(3)(b)(i) of the TMA, in s
2(1) of the TMA:

“dilution” , in relation to a trade mark, means the lessening of the capacity
of the trade mark to identify and distinguish goods or services, regardless of
whether there is —

(a) any competition between the proprietor of the trade mark and any other
party; or

(b) any likelihood of confusion on the part of the public;

174 It is clear that “dilution” in the context of the TMA refers to both
dilution by _blurring_ and by _tarnishment_ (_Amanresorts_ at [225]; _Mobil
(CA)_ at [96]). In the present case, however, it is undisputed that there has
been no dilution by _tarnishment_. Accordingly, I focus only on dilution by
_blurring_.

175 In _Amanresorts_ , the Court of Appeal noted that the protection against
dilution by blurring was to ensure that a trade mark well known to the public
at large should be protected from “the gradual whittling away or dispersion of
[its] identity and hold upon the public mind… by its use upon non-competing
goods” (_Amanresorts_ at [179], citing Frank I Schechter, “The Rational Basis
of Trademark Protection” (1926-1927) 40 Harv L Rev 813 at 825). An example
that perfectly illustrates the dilution by blurring under s 55(3)(b)(i) is
given by Frank I Schechter in _Hearings Before the House Committee on Patents_
, 72d Cong 15 (1932) (also cited in _Amanresorts_ at [179]):

If you allow Rolls Royce restaurants and Rolls Royce cafeterias, and Rolls
Royce candy, in ten years you will not have the Rolls Royce marks any more.

The Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ elaborated on Schechter’s example thus
(at [179]):

… although consumers although consumers may not think that the other “Rolls
Royce”-labelled goods or services really originate from the same source as
“Rolls Royce” cars, it may become more difficult for consumers to associate
the “Rolls Royce” name with hyper-luxurious cars specifically as the use of
that name for non-automobile related goods or services becomes established.

As the court went on to observe (at [187]):

The importance of the preceding discussion on the US law of dilution lies in
the fact that _Singapore has imported elements of this area of US law_ both
indirectly through the adoption of (_inter alia_) Art 4(1)(b) of the Joint
Recommendation (which has been translated into s 55(3) of the current TMA) and
directly through the incorporation in s 2(1) of the current TMA of the
definition of “dilution” set out in the 1996 version of s 45 of the Lanham
Act. However, our importation of the US law of dilution took place in 2004,
before the TDRA was enacted and under the shadow of the US Supreme Court’s
view in the Victoria’s Secret case that dilution under the FTDA included
dilution by blurring only and not dilution by tarnishment. As the amendments
effected by the TDRA show, Congress had in fact intended for dilution to
include both forms, just as the 1995 House Report ([182] supra) had stated. …
[emphasis added]

176 It should be noted that the _first use_ of an identical or similar sign
may suffice in some circumstances to cause actual and present detriment to the
distinctive character of the earlier mark, or to give rise to the serious
likelihood that such detriment will occur in the future (_Intel Corporation
Inc v CPM United Kingdom Ltd_ [2009] Bus LR 1079 at [75] (“ _Intel_ ”)). This
is because even the _first use_ begins the process of dilution; the proprietor
of a trade mark that is well known to the public at large should not be
required to wait until harm is actually done to the distinctive character of
the trade mark before he may obtain an injunction against the dilution.

177 In the circumstances, I am of the view that – unless the Defendant is
restrained from using the sign “Nutello” – it is possible that the Plaintiff’s
“Nutella” mark will lose its distinctiveness. While Schechter’s example (on
the “Rolls Royce” mark) was created based on use of _identical_ marks, there
is no reason in principle why the use of _similar_ marks may not likewise
dilute by blurring. If the sign “Nutello” is used on various goods, it will
make it more difficult for the public to associate the “Nutella” mark with the
Plaintiff’s products. Indeed, if other entities were to follow suit and use
signs such as “Nutellu”, “Nutelli”, Nutelle” _etc_ , the distinctiveness of
the “Nutella” mark will be greatly diluted.

Taking unfair advantage of distinctive character of well known trade mark

178 The Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ did not take a firm stand on the
meaning of “taking unfair advantage” under s 55(3)(b)(ii) of the TMA. However,
the court proffered a detailed account on the concept of “taking unfair
advantage” of the distinctive character of a trade mark under European law,
thus seemingly analogising s 55(3)(b)(ii) to Art 5(2) of the EU Directive.

179 In _L’Oreal SA v Bellure NV_ [2010] RPC 1 (“ _L’Oreal_ ”) at [41], the ECJ
considered that the concept of taking unfair advantage of the distinctive
character or repute of a trade mark related not to the _detriment caused to
the mark_ , but rather, to the _advantage taken by the third party_ as a
result of the use of an identical or similar sign. It follows that no
detriment to the proprietor of the mark or the distinctive character of the
mark needs to be shown in order to demonstrate that unfair advantage had been
taken of the mark (_L’Oreal_ at [43]).

180 The concept of taking unfair advantage covers, in particular, cases where
there is clear exploitation on the coat-tails of the mark with a reputation,
_viz_ , when the defendant’s mark freely rides on the coat-tails of the well
known mark in order to benefit from its power of attraction, its reputation
and its prestige and to exploit the marketing effort of the proprietor without
any financial compensation (_L’Oreal_ at [41] and [49]).

181 It should be noted that the mere taking of advantage is insufficient –
there must be _unfair_ advantage taken. The English Court of Appeal in
_Whirlpool Corporation & Ors v Kenwood Ltd_ [2010] RPC 2 (“ _Whirlpool_ ”) at
[113]  _disagreed_ with counsel’s contention that “where the third party,
using a sign which is sufficiently similar to a mark with a reputation for a
link to be established, obtains any commercial boost or other advantage from
the link, then that advantage is of itself unfair, without proof of any
additional factor”. The Court of Appeal opined that such a reading would
equate any advantage with an unfair advantage, and would effectively deprive
the word “unfair” of any added meaning (_Whirlpool_ at [114]-[115]). On the
facts of _Whirlpool_ itself, the court held that it was not sufficient for the
proprietor to show that the alleged infringer had obtained an advantage; there
must be an “added factor of some kind for that advantage to be categorised as
unfair” (_Whirlpool_ at [136]).

182 The question of unfair advantage has to be considered using a global
assessment (_Intel_ at [79], _Whirlpool_ at [137]). On a reading of the
decisions of _Intel, L’Oreal_ and _Whirlpool_ , it is evident that there are
several factors to consider in determining whether an _unfair_ advantage had
been taken. It is trite that none of the factors are determinative, and in the
final analysis, it must be shown that the alleged infringer had drawn some
unfair advantage from the use of the similar sign (_Whirlpool_ at [137]). Each
of these factors will be discussed in the context of the present factual
circumstances.

183 The first factor to consider is the strength of the mark’s reputation and
the degree of distinctive character of the mark (_Intel_ at [65], _L’Oreal_ at
[44] and _Whirlpool_ at [137]). With regard to this factor, I had earlier
found that the “Nutella” mark is distinctive (see [74] above). I would also
note that the evidence of the Plaintiff’s survey, the Internet blogs and the
newspaper articles (all referred to in [155]) suggest that the “Nutella” mark
had a strong reputation.

184 The second factor is the degree of similarity between the marks at issue
(_L’Oreal_ at [44], _Whirlpool_ at [137]). With regard to this factor, I had
earlier found that although the “Nutella” mark and the “Nutello” sign were not
_identical_ , they were _similar_ visually, aurally and conceptually.

185 The third factor is the nature and degree of proximity of the goods or
services concerned (_L’Oreal_ at [44], _Whirlpool_ at [137]). With regard to
this factor, I had also earlier found that there is _similarity_ in the goods
represented by the “Nutello” sign with the product specification (“chocolate
products”) for which the “Nutella” mark is registered.

186 The fourth factor is the immediacy and strength with which the mark is
brought to mind by the sign (_L’Oreal_ at [44]):

… the more immediately and strongly the mark is brought to mind by the sign,
the greater the likelihood that the current or future use of the sign is
taking, or will take, unfair advantage of the distinctive character or the
repute of the mark or is, or will be, detrimental to them …

In this regard, I note that Mr Christopher Tan had stated that the “Nutello”
sign was derived from the “Nutella” mark. I would also note that Mr
Christopher Tan conceded that it was intended that customers would be reminded
of and attracted to the name “Nutello”, and that the name _per se_ – without
any description on the website and in the Defendant’s booklet – would inform
customers that the drink contained both espresso and Nutella. Two excerpts
from the transcripts will illustrate this point.

(a) The first excerpt reads as follows:

Q:Looking at the mark here at page 542, where does the name Nutello come from?

A:“Nutello”, it’s a word created by our marketing department. It’s just a
fancy word to describe the drink which consists of espresso and Nutella as two
ingredients in the drink.

Q:It’s derived from the word “Nutella”; correct?

A:“Nutella” and “espresso”, I think. It’s a merge of these two words.

…

Q:The marks are almost identical except for the last letter; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:Wouldn’t you say that the name of the drink is derived from the ingredient
“Nutella”?

A:I would say it’s just a play on the words.

Q:So it’s derived from the plaintiff’s mark; correct? I agree it’s a play on
the words.

A:Yes.

Q:But it’s derived from the plaintiff’s mark; correct?

A:Yes.

(b) The second excerpt reads as follows:

Q:When you choose names for your drinks and your food products, you choose
them to be attractive to your customers; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:That’s the same with Nutello as well; correct?

A:Yes.

Q:So when your customers see “Nutello”, you intend that they will be attracted
to the name “Nutello” and hopefully buy the drink; correct?

A:Yes, and they would think that it’s a mixture of espresso and Nutello –
Nutella, sorry.

…

Q:So your customers would know that it’s a mixture of espresso and Nutella;
correct?

A:Yes.

Q:You’re sure of that?

A:Very certain, because it’s not just the word “Nutello” alone on the menu. We
have a one-sentence description at the bottom that clearly states it’s
“espresso with lashings of nutella”.

Q:But in the website there is, and that’s for potential customers. But still,
because it’s a play on words, they will know it’s espresso and Nutella,
correct?

A:Yes.

Q:So you coined the word “Nutello” to inform your customers that it had these
two ingredients: espresso and Nutella. Correct?

A:Correct.

Q:That was your intention; correct?

A:Yes.

187 Ultimately, however, and as was earlier alluded to, it must be shown that
the alleged infringer had _drawn some unfair advantage_ from the use of the
similar sign. On the facts of _Whirlpool_ , the English Court of Appeal found
that the alleged infringer had no need to ride on the proprietor’s coat-tails,
and that despite the goods being “ _very similar_ (even _identical_ …)”
(emphasis added) and the mark being “distinctive, but not strongly so”, there
was insufficient proof that the association of the earlier mark would enhance
the performance of the later sign (_Whirlpool_ at [138]). In other words,
there was insufficient evidence to show that the alleged infringer had in fact
drawn, or was likely to draw, any commercial advantage from the perceived
similarity (_Whirlpool_ at [138]).

188 In the final analysis, there was insufficient proof to convince me on the
balance of probabilities that the Defendant gained _any_ advantage from naming
the drink “Nutello”, let alone an _unfair_ advantage. In cross-examination,
counsel for the Plaintiff suggested to Mr Christopher Tan that the good sales
of “Nutello” in the first four months since its release was due to the fact
that the drink was being marketed using a mark _similar_ to the Plaintiff’s
“Nutella” mark. Mr Christopher Tan admitted that this was “possible”, but that
it was “[n]ot necessarily so” because the Defendant trained staff to “upsell”
every new drink to customers and accordingly it was natural that new items on
the menu would sell better. The Plaintiff had no other evidence that “Nutello”
sold better _because_ it was named in a manner similar to “Nutella”.
Therefore, I conclude that the claim under s 55(3)(b)(ii) is not made out,
because it had not been satisfactorily proven that the Defendant had taken
unfair advantage of the “Nutella” mark.

Summary on infringement of “well known” trade marks

189 I have found that the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks are well known to the
public at large in Singapore. I have also found that the claim under s
55(3)(b)(i) is made out because _inter alia_ there was unfair dilution of the
distinctiveness of the Plaintiff’s trade marks. However, I disagreed that the
Defendant had taken unfair advantage of the distinctive character of the
Plaintiff’s trade marks, and accordingly find that the claim under s
55(3)(b)(ii) fails.

190 In the event that I am wrong regarding the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks
being well known to the public at large in Singapore, I have found that at the
very least, the Plaintiff’s marks are well known (to the relevant sector) in
Singapore. In the circumstances, I found that the claim under s 55(2) is made
out because – for the reasons given with regard to trade mark infringement
under s 27(2)(b) above – the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” sign was likely
to cause confusion. I have also found that the claim under s 55(3)(a) is made
out because _inter alia_ the Defendant’s use of the “Nutello” sign was likely
to damage the Plaintiff’s interests.

191 I turn finally to consider the passing off action.

Passing off

192 There is a conceptual difference between an action for infringement of a
registered trade mark and an action for passing off: the action for
infringement of a trade mark aims directly at protecting the property in the
mark itself and is brought to stop the wrongful use of the mark, but the
passing off action is for protection of the Plaintiff’s trade which the mark
may be used to promote (_Tan Lee Keng v R_ [1950] 1 MLJ 175 at 176).

193 To succeed in an action for passing off, the Plaintiff must establish the
following elements of the “classical trinity” (_Amanresorts_ at [36]-[37],
citing _CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R)
975 (“ _CDL Hotels_ ”) at [86]):

(a) First, that the plaintiff has goodwill attached to the goods which he
supplies in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the
identifying “get-up” (including, _inter alia_ , brand names) under which his
particular goods are offered to the public, such that the get-up is recognised
by the public as distinctive specifically of the plaintiff’s goods
(hereinafter, referred to as the element of “goodwill”).

(b) Second, that the defendant has made a misrepresentation to the public
(whether intentional or otherwise) leading or likely to lead the public to
believe that goods offered by the defendant are those of the plaintiff
(hereinafter, referred to as the element of “confusing misrepresentation”);
and

(c) Third, that the plaintiff suffers, or is likely to suffer, damage by
reason of the erroneous belief engendered by the defendant’s misrepresentation
(hereinafter, referred to as the element of “damage”).

194 The law on passing off in Singapore has been analysed in detail by the
Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_. Reference will accordingly be liberally made
to this case. Such reference is especially apposite also because the arguments
raised by parties in the present case mirror many of the arguments raised and
considered in _Amanresorts_.

Goodwill

The law on goodwill

195 A passing off action is a remedy for the invasion of a right of property
not in the mark, name or get-up improperly used, but in the business or
goodwill likely to be injured by the misrepresentation made by passing-off one
person’s goods as the goods of another (_Amanresorts_ at [38], citing _Star
Industrial Company Limited v Yap Kwee Kor_ [1976] FSR 256 at 269).

196 Goodwill is the association of a good, service or business on which the
plaintiff’s mark, name, labelling _etc_ (referred to generically as the
plaintiff’s “get-up”) has been applied with a particular source (_Amanresorts_
at [39]; _City Chain_ at [62]). It is an “attractive force which brings in
custom” (_ibid_).

197 In determining whether goodwill exists in a name, _exposure_ of the name
is the relevant criterion (_Amanresorts_ at [53]). Proving goodwill or
distinctiveness is a question of fact (_City Chain_ at [62]). Possible indicia
of goodwill include volume of sales, trading, advertisements and promotion
expenditure (_ibid_ ; _Caterpillar_ at [64]). However, mere sales figures
without more are not necessarily coincident with goodwill (_Nation Fittings_
at [158]).

198 The relevant date on which the reputation of the plaintiff in a passing-
off action should be considered is the date on which the conduct complained of
commences (_City Chain_ at [63], citing _CDL Hotels_ at [34]).

Was there goodwill on the present facts?

199 Two preliminary points should be noted in determining whether there was
goodwill in the “Nutella” name. First, the relevant date is 1 August 2007,
which was the time when sale of the “Nutello” drink in Singapore commenced
(see also [5] and [102] above). Second, in ascertaining whether the
Plaintiff’s “Nutella” mark is well known in Singapore, the relevant figures to
be taken into account ought only be those in connection to the Plaintiff’s
“Nutella” mark, and only in relation to the sale of “Nutella” in Singapore.

200 For the same reasons that I found that the Plaintiff’s trade mark was
“well known” to the relevant public, as well as the public at large, in
Singapore, I find that “Nutella” has goodwill in Singapore (see [155] above).
I now turn to consider the next element of passing-off, that of
“misrepresentation”.

Confusing misrepresentation

201 In order to establish an actionable tort of passing off, the plaintiff,
apart from proving that it has goodwill in the goods, services or business in
question, must also show that the defendant has made a misrepresentation to
the relevant sector of the public, and that such misrepresentation has
resulted in or is likely to result in damage to the Plaintiff’s goodwill
(_Amanresorts_ at [69]).

202 I turn to analyse the element of misrepresentation in the context of the
facts of the present case. In so doing, I respectfully adopt the headings and
methodology used by the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_.

The content of the misrepresentation

203 With regard to the _content_ of the “misrepresentation”, the Plaintiff
contends that the use of the “Nutello” sign by the Defendant constitutes a
misrepresentation that the “Nutello” product is produced by the Plaintiff or
that it is in some way connected to the Plaintiff. In other words, the
Plaintiff is contending that there are two alternative forms of
misrepresentation, _viz_ misrepresentation as to the _trade origin_ of the
goods and misrepresentation as to the _connection_ between the defendant’s
goods and the plaintiff.

204 The former type of misrepresentation (_viz_ , trade origin) may take the
form of a false representation by the defendant that his goods are those of
the plaintiff, or that there is a business connection between the plaintiff
and the defendant in relation to the goods provided by them (_CDL Hotels_ at
[72]). Such misrepresentation occurs when a defendant represents that his
goods, services or business are the plaintiff’s by using a name, word, device
or other mark which is deceptively similar to the plaintiff’s. The
representation may be express or implied, and deceives either by diverting
customers from the plaintiff to the defendant or by occasioning a confusion
between the parties’ businesses, _eg_ by suggesting that the defendant’s
business is an extension, branch or agency or otherwise connected with the
plaintiff’s business.

205 The latter type of misrepresentation (_viz_ , connection) refers to the
situation where the defendant represents that his goods are connected with the
plaintiff’s in such a way as would lead people to accept them on the faith of
the plaintiff’s reputation (_Bulmer v Bollinger_ [1978] RPC 79 (“ _Bulmer_ ”)
at 117). It would be sufficient if the defendant’s goods are mistakenly
assumed by the relevant public to be made under licence, or under some trading
arrangement which gave the plaintiff control over the defendant’s goods
(_Bulmer_ at 117). In such circumstances, even though the plaintiff and the
defendant are not competing traders in the same line of business, a false
suggestion by the defendant that their businesses were connected with one
another would damage the reputation and thus the goodwill of the plaintiff’s
business (_Erven Warnink Besloten Vennootschap v Townend & Sons (Hull) Ltd_
[1979] AC 731).

The target audience of the misrepresentation

206 Whether the misrepresentation is believed and relied upon is subject to
the reaction of the relevant sector of the public. In this regard, counsel for
the Defendant argued that the _Defendant’s_ customers should form the target
audience of the misrepresentation because the damage, if any, would only arise
if the _Defendant’s_ customers were confused as to the source or origin of the
“Nutello” drink.

207 The Defendant’s argument is misconceived. It was clearly held in
_Amanresorts_ that the target audience comprises of the “actual and potential
customers of the [_Plaintiff_]” (_Amanresorts_ at [73] (emphasis added)). The
rationale behind this holding is that “only misrepresentations directed to
[the Plaintiff’s customers] are likely to damage the [Plaintiff’s] goodwill”
(_Amanresorts_ at [73]). It is difficult to see how the Plaintiff can suffer
from a misrepresentation made to a person who is neither an actual nor
potential customer of the Plaintiff (_Amanresorts_ at [73]).

208 Therefore, I find that the relevant sector of the public in the present
case comprises the actual and potential customers of the Plaintiff.

Whether the misrepresentation resulted in confusion

209 A misrepresentation is actionable under the law of passing off only if it
gives rise to _confusion_ (_Amanresorts_ at [77]). However, evidence of
_actual_ confusion is not required before a passing off action can succeed; it
is open to the court to infer a _likelihood_ of confusion from the surrounding
facts (_Amanresorts_ at [77]).

210 The elements of misrepresentation and confusion together form the
“deception” referred to by Lord Diplock in _Erven Warnink Besloten
Vennootschap v Townend & Sons (Hull) Ltd_ [1979] AC 731 (_Amanresorts_ at
[77]). Although “deception” is a key element in a passing off claim (_Nation
Fittings_ at [161]), it is not necessary to prove that the defendant has an
_intention to deceive_ or to mislead the public (_Tessensohn t/a Clea
Professional Image Consultants v John Robert Powers School Inc_ [1994] 1
SLR(R) 470). For this reason, it has been said that the state of mind of the
defendant is immaterial; rather, what matters is the impact on the relevant
sector of the public (_Nation Fittings_ at [165]). If the impact on these
persons is such that they would be deceived, the element of misrepresentation
is made out and the defendant cannot avoid a finding of passing off by the
mere fact that the misrepresentation was made innocently (_Johnson & Johnson v
Uni-Charm Kabushiki Kaisha (Uni-Charm Corporation)_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1082 at
[25]; _Amanresorts_ at [83]).

211 The test of whether there is a likelihood of confusion is whether a
reasonable member of the relevant sector of the public would be likely to be
confused or misled by the Defendant’s misrepresentation. In determining
whether there is confusion, the court is not concerned with the “moron in a
hurry” being confused (_Tong Guan_ at [24]). Instead, the court is concerned
with the ordinary sensible purchaser, _viz_ , the purchaser using ordinary
caution.

Whether there was confusing misrepresentation in the present case

212 I have earlier held in the context of trade mark infringement under s
27(2)(b) of the TMA, that the “Nutello” sign and “Nutella” mark are similar
and are being used on similar goods, and that these similarities have resulted
in a likelihood of confusion (see [145] above). For the same reasons, I find
that there is a likelihood that the relevant public would have been led to
believe that the “Nutello” product is produced by the Plaintiff or is in some
way connected to the Plaintiff. Therefore, there was misrepresentation giving
rise to a likelihood of confusion in the present case.

213 I now turn to consider the final element of passing-off, that of “damage”.

Damage

214 The tort of passing off protects the plaintiff against damage caused to
the goodwill attached to its business, goods or services by the defendant’s
misrepresentation (_Amanresorts_ at [94]). Thus, even if the defendant’s
misrepresentation is shown to have caused or to be likely to cause confusion
between the plaintiff’s business, goods or services and those of the
defendant, such misrepresentation is not in itself actionable under the law of
passing off unless it has caused (or is likely to cause) damage to the
plaintiff’s goodwill (_Amanresorts_ at [94]). The test for damage in passing
off cases is either “actual or probable damage” (_Amanresorts_ at [94]).

215 As recognised by the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ at [96], the law
relating to which heads of damage are (or should be) judicially recognised
under the tort of passing off is notoriously difficult.

216 In the present case, the Plaintiff claims three heads of damage:

(a) First, restriction on the Plaintiff’s expansion into the drinks industry
in Singapore;

(b) Second, the likelihood of damage should the Defendant’s activities become
reprehensible; and

(c) Third, the loss of licensing opportunity.

I will address each of the alleged heads of damage in the following sub-
sections.

Restriction on the Plaintiff’s expansion into the drinks industry in Singapore

217 The Plaintiff claimed that the use of “Nutello” by the Defendant
restricted the Plaintiff’s ability to expand into the drinks industry in
Singapore.

218 In _Amanresorts_ , the Court of Appeal held that the respondents’ high-end
hotel and resort business was closely related to the appellant’s residential
accommodation business, since both fields concern accommodation (_Amanresorts_
at [121]). Importantly, the Court of Appeal emphasised that the fact that the
respondents have already expanded into the residential accommodation business
overseas buttressed its conclusion that the fields were closely related
(_Amanresorts_ at [121]). For these reasons, the Court of appeal held that the
head of damage, _viz_ restriction on the respondents’ expansion into the
residential accommodation business, had been proved (_Amanresorts_ at [121]).

219 The reasoning in _Amanresorts_ is applicable to the present case. Here,
the Plaintiff’s field of business (including, _inter alia_ , chocolate
products) is closely related to the Defendant’s (although in the café
business, the “Nutello” drink has a chocolate character). The fact that the
Plaintiff had already expanded its product line to include a Nutella-based
drink (“Nutella Milk Shake”) overseas buttresses this point. Indeed, under
cross-examination, Mr Malatesta testified that the Plaintiff “may go also in
[_sic_] the drink business” in Singapore. Accordingly, I find that this head
of damage, _viz_ restriction on the Plaintiff’s expansion into the drinks
industry in Singapore, has been proved. The use of the “Nutello” sign by the
Defendant is likely to restrict the Plaintiff’s expansion of its line of
products in Singapore to the drinks industry.

Likelihood of damage should the Defendant’s activities become reprehensible

220 The Plaintiff claimed that because it has no control over the Defendant’s
activities, should the Defendant’s activities become reprehensible (_eg_
selling a tainted “Nutello” product), the sales of the Plaintiff’s “Nutella”
spread may also be affected. A specific example was given by Mr Malatesta
under cross-examination, _viz_ , “[i]f something happens, and tomorrow someone
eats, drinks your drink [_ie_ , “Nutello”], and for any reason there is any
problem with what they drink, this can be affected [_sic_] my product because
it’s branded Nutello”.

221 This argument is similar to the argument raised by the respondents in
_Amanresorts_ that there was likelihood of damage should the appellant get
into financial, legal or other trouble. More specifically, the respondents
argued that (_Amanresorts_ at [102]):

… if the Appellant were to get into any sort of financial, legal or other
trouble, persons who had confused the Project with the Respondents’ resorts
might assume that it was the Respondents which were having difficulties; in
effect, the Respondents would have lost control over the goodwill or
reputation attached to the “Aman” names. It was submitted that if, for
instance, a newspaper article headed “Fire at Amanusa Due To Faulty Wiring”
were published, the public might assume that the article was referring to the
Amanusa Bali as opposed to the Project. People who made that assumption might
decide not to stay at the Amanusa Bali and might also assume that the quality
of the other Aman resorts had likewise deteriorated.

222 The Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ went on to analyse the case
authorities which indicated that the threshold which a plaintiff has to cross
to prove this particular head of damage (_viz_ , a likelihood of damage to the
plaintiff’s goodwill should the defendant encounter financial, legal or other
trouble) is relatively low (_Amanresorts_ at [103], analysing _British Legion
v British Legion Club (Street) Ld_ (1931) 48 RPC 555 (“ _British Legion_ ”),
_Dawnay Day & Co Limited v Cantor Fitzgerald International_ [2000] RPC 674 (“
_Dawnay Day_ ”)). The Court of Appeal disagreed with the propositions in
_British Legion_ and _Dawnay Day_ , observing that mere allegations that evil
days may befall the defendant – if accepted as sufficient proof – would render
the requirement of damage otiose (_Amanresorts_ at [105]). Instead, a “real
tangible risk of substantial damage” must be shown (_Amanresorts_ at [105]).

223 Applying the reasoning in _Amanresorts_ , the present head of damage is
not made out. To borrow the phrase of the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ at
[105], it is “too much of a stretch to allege, without more, that there is a
real tangible risk” that the Defendant’s activities may become reprehensible,
resulting in damage to the Plaintiff’s goodwill.

The loss of licensing opportunity

224 The Plaintiff argues that – as a result of the Defendant’s actions – it
would be likely to suffer the loss of licensing opportunity, _viz_ , that it
would lose out on an opportunity to licence its “Nutella” trade mark.

225 The Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ noted that loss of licensing
opportunity or licensing income has been held, in the UK, to be a distinct
head of damage in passing off actions (_Amanresorts_ at [108]-[109], citing
_Irvine v Talksport Ltd_ [2002] 1 WLR 2355 and _Lego System Aktieselskab v
Lego M Lemelstrich Ltd_ [1983] FSR 155). However, the Court saw “much force”
in the analysis of Fisher J in _Tot Toys Ltd v Mitchell_ [1993] 1 NZLR 325 at
362 (_Amanresorts_ at [110]):

It is axiomatic that damage must be proved or presumed as one of the
ingredients of passing off. It has never been sufficient for plaintiffs to
fill this gap by arguing that their loss is loss of the right to charge the
defendant a fee for continuing conduct the lawfulness of which is the subject
currently under inquiry. To accept that proposition would be to deny that
damage is an essential and independent ingredient of the tort. And if the
defendant’s conduct is otherwise lawful, it cannot be rendered unlawful upon
the ground that it might induce others to act in the same way without the
plaintiff’s permission.

226 In this regard, the Court of Appeal cautioned that recognition of loss of
licensing opportunity or licensing income as a distinct head of damage for the
purposes of passing off should be approached _conservatively_ (_Amanresorts_
at [113]). It noted that it is only if passing off is _first proved_ that the
plaintiff then has the right to demand that those who wish to use its
distinctive get-up must first obtain a licence from it (_Amanresorts_ at
[111]). Otherwise, if the “damage” element is automatically fulfilled by the
mere fact that the misrepresentation in passing off _could have been_
sanctioned by the plaintiff for payment, this would render the element of
“damage” illusory (_Amanresorts_ at [111], citing and agreeing with
Christopher Wadlow, _The Law of Passing-Off: Unfair Competition by
Misrepresentation_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2004) at para 4-38).

227 Unfortunately, the Court did not make any specific pronouncement on
whether or not such a head of damage would be recognised under Singapore law.
On the facts of that case, the Court opined that _even if_ the loss of
licensing opportunity was accepted as being recoverable in passing off actions
under Singapore law, it was not clear on the evidence adduced by the
respondents of their licensing agreements with real estate developers
_overseas_ really proved damage arising from misrepresentation and confusion
_in Singapore_ (_Amanresorts_ at [113]). Although the respondents were
entitled to license the “Aman” names overseas because they had been registered
as trade marks overseas for other reasons, this did not mean that their “Aman”
names had a natural capacity for generating licensing opportunities or
licensing revenue in Singapore (_Amanresorts_ at [113]).

228 In the present case, the Plaintiff attempted to distinguish _Amanresorts_
in two ways. First, unlike in _Amanresorts_ , the Plaintiff has trade mark
registrations for the “Nutella” marks. Second, licensing in the confectionery
industry is common with chocolate manufacturers licensing their marks in
relation to chocolate products such as ice cream and cakes which use the
licensors’ chocolate as an ingredient (citing Cadbury UK’s licensing of its
mark to Frederick’s Dairies (ice-cream) and Premier Foods (chocolate cakes)).

229 There is little force in the second argument just cited. The Court of
Appeal in _Amanresorts_ had opined that “[e]ven if the plaintiff does have an
existing business of licensing its get-up for use by others, this might only
mean that its licensees _mistakenly_ think that a licence is necessary before
they can use the plaintiff’s get-up [and therefore does not indicate that the
element of “damage” has been fulfilled by a loss of licensing opportunity _per
se_]” (_Amanresorts_ at [111]); _a fortiori_ , where the Plaintiff has not
even proven that it has an existing business of licensing its get-up, there is
little force in attempting to argue that other chocolate manufacturers have
previously licensed their get-ups. However, I recognise that there is reason
to distinguish _Amanresorts_ from the present case on the basis of the first
argument, _viz_ , that unlike in _Amanresorts_ the Plaintiff has trade mark
registrations for the “Nutella” marks.

230 Nonetheless, there is no need for me to consider whether or not the loss
of a licensing opportunity would be recognised as a distinct head of damage
under the law of passing off in Singapore. This is because although the Court
of Appeal was reticent in accepting the loss of licensing opportunity or
licensing income as a distinct head of damage, it readily held that if passing
off is proved (based on some other head of damage which is well established as
being recoverable), the plaintiff – _in addition to_ claiming for any loss of
sales occasioned by such damage – can _also_ claim for loss of licensing
revenue (_Amanresorts_ at [114]). The loss of licensing opportunity or
licensing revenue therefore goes towards _quantifying_ rather than _proving_
damage (_Amanresorts_ at [114]). On the present facts, I have already found
that damage had been caused in the form of restricting the Plaintiff’s
expansion of its line of products in Singapore to the drinks industry. Any
_additional_ damage caused by the loss of licensing opportunity can be taken
into account at the stage of assessing damages. Accordingly, there is no need
for me to determine whether the loss of licensing opportunity would be
recognised as a distinct head of damage under the law of passing off in
Singapore.

Conclusion on the passing off claim

231 I find that passing off has been made out in the present case. Goodwill
exists in the “Nutella” name, which reaches across a large proportion of the
public in Singapore. The public, which _includes_ the Defendant’s clientele,
would have been exposed to the Defendant’s use of the name “Nutello” for its
drink – _ie_ , to the Defendant’s misrepresentation that “Nutello” had the
same source as or was in some way connected with the Plaintiff. Although the
Plaintiff has not succeeded in convincing me on all their pleaded heads of
damage, this is not significant because the Plaintiff has successfully
demonstrated a likelihood of damage in the form of restriction on the
Plaintiff’s expansion into the drinks industry in Singapore.

Conclusion

232 In the circumstances, I grant the Plaintiff the injunctions to restrain
the Defendant from infringing the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks and from passing
off its products as being products of (or connected to) the Plaintiff. I find
that:

(a) First, the Defendant had infringed the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” word mark
under s 27(2)(b) of the TMA;

(b) Second, the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks are well known trade marks within
the definition of s 2(1) of the TMA, and are well known both to the relevant
sector of the public as well as to the public at large. Accordingly, I find
that the Defendant had infringed the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks under ss
55(2), 55(3)(a) and 55(3)(b)(i) of the TMA. However, the Defendant had not
infringed the Plaintiff’s “Nutella” marks under s 55(3)(b)(ii) of the TMA;

(c) Third, the Defendant had passed off by promoting, selling and offering for
sale the “Nutello” drink (not being a product of the Plaintiff) as being the
product of the Plaintiff, or as being connected to or associated with the
Plaintiff.

233 The Plaintiff shall thus have interlocutory judgment against the
Defendant, with damages to be assessed and costs reserved to the registrar
hearing the assessment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

