Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Campomar SL _v_ Nike International Ltd  
[2011] SGCA 6

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 78 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Prithipal Singh (K.L. Tan & Associates) for the
appellant; Michael Palmer and Toh Wei Yi (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Campomar SL — Nike International Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 951.]

28 February 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal raises the issue as to whether the registration of a trade mark
“NIKE” (“the Mark”) should have been rejected on the ground that as of the
date on which the Mark took effect, there existed another identical earlier
mark on the trade mark register (“the register”). The appellant, Campomar S.L.
(“Campomar”), was the proprietor of that earlier mark and has appealed against
the decision of the Judge below (“the Judge”) who refused to overturn the
decision of the Principal Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks (“the PAR”)
allowing the registration of the Mark notwithstanding Campomar’s objection.

The background

2 The respondent, Nike International Ltd (“Nike International”), is a US
company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nike Inc. Both Nike International and
Nike Inc have, since 1972, been marketing and retailing shoes and apparel
worldwide under the “NIKE” trade mark and brand name.

3 Campomar is a Spanish company and had on 2 April 1986 made an application to
register the mark “NIKE” in Class 3 of the International Classification of
Goods in respect of “perfumery with essential oils”. Its mark (“the 1986
Mark”) was duly registered on 30 December 1989 with the registration taking
effect from 2 April 1986.

4 On 20 November 2001, Nike International made an application (“the
Registration Application”) to register the Mark in Class 3 in respect of:

bleaching preparations and other substances for laundry use; cleaning;
polishing, scouring and abrasive preparations; soaps; perfumery; essential
oils; cosmetics; hair lotions; dentifrices; colognes; toiletries; sunscreens;
cosmetics; skincare products; deodorants and antiperspirants for personal use;
shaving preparations.

The specification was subsequently amended to:

bleaching preparations and other substances; cleaning; polishing, scouring and
abrasive preparations; soaps; all for laundry use or for use on sports goods
or sporting apprarel; perfumery; essential oils; cosmetics; hair lotions;
dentifrices; colognes; toiletries; shampoo; sunscreens; cosmetics; skincare
products; deodorants and antiperspirants for personal use; shaving
preparations.

Campomar opposed the Registration Application based on, _inter alia_ , its
earlier 1986 Mark.

5 Consequently, Nike International filed an application on 21 January 2002
(“the Revocation Application”) to have Campomar’s 1986 Mark revoked under s
22(1) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) (“TMA 1999”) on the ground
that for the period of five years immediately preceding its application to
revoke, Campomar had not used its 1986 Mark. As a result, the Registration
Application was held in abeyance pending the outcome of the Revocation
Application.

6 At the conclusion of the hearing of the Revocation Application, Principal
Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks Anne Loo (“PAR Loo”) held that Campomar had
failed to show that it had made use of the 1986 mark during the relevant five
year period. She thus revoked the registration of the 1986 Mark. Her decision
was reversed on appeal to the High Court in _Nike International Ltd and
another v Campomar SL_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 76. On further appeal by Nike
International to the Court of Appeal, the decision of PAR Loo was restored:
the decision of this Court is reported at _Nike International Ltd v Campomar
SL_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 919 (“ _Nike International (Appeal_)”). Thus, in
accordance with s 22(8)(a) of the TMA 1999 (which has been renumbered as s
22(7)(a) of Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA 2005”)), Campomar’s
rights to the 1986 Mark were deemed to have ceased from the date of the
Revocation Application (_ie_ 21 January 2002).

7 Following the revocation of the 1986 Mark, the Registration Application was
accepted for registration and published on 14 June 2006 for opposition
purposes. Pursuant to rule 29(1) of the Trade Marks Rules 1998 (Cap 322, R 1,
2008 Rev Ed), the period of time within which any interested party could
oppose the registration of the mark was from 14 June 2006 to 14 August 2006.
Campomar filed a notice of opposition on 14 August 2006. At a hearing on 16
September 2009 before the PAR, Campomar opposed the registration of the Mark
on _inter alia_ , the following two grounds. First, it contended that s 8(1)
of the TMA 2005 prohibited registration of a later trade mark if it was
identical with an “earlier trade mark” and if the goods or services for which
the later trade mark was sought to be registered were identical with the good
or services for which the “earlier trade mark” was protected. Campomar averred
that pursuant to the definition of “earlier trade mark” under s 2(1) of the
TMA 2005, the relevant time to consider if there were any earlier trademarks
was the time when Nike International made the Registration Application (_ie_
20 November 2001). Since Campomar’s 1986 Mark was not deemed to have ceased
until 21 January 2002, the 1986 Mark fell within the definition of “earlier
trade mark” under the TMA 2005. As the Mark was identical with the 1986 Mark,
and the goods and services applied for were identical with those for which the
1986 Mark was protected, the Registration Application should accordingly be
refused under s 8(1) of the TMA 2005. Secondly, relying on s 7(6) of the TMA
2005, Campomar alleged that Nike International had made the Registration
Application in bad faith.

8 In respect of Campomar’s first ground of opposition, Nike International
argued that a right to oppose could only arise after the date of publication
of the Mark (_ie_ 14 June 2006). Since Campomar’s 1986 mark had already been
revoked by 14 June 2006, it could not be an “earlier trade mark” under s 2 of
the TMA 2005 at the time that the right to oppose arose. Accordingly, s 8(1)
of the TMA 2005 could not apply. As for Campomar’s second ground of
opposition, Nike International argued that they had shown _bona fide_ and
prolific use of the Mark on a wide range of products all around the world and
that Campomar had not adduced any credible evidence of the use of its 1986
Mark in relation to any goods in Singapore. Hence Nike International submitted
that Campomar had no basis whatsoever to invoke s 7(6) of the TMA 2005 against
it in relation to the Registration Application.

9 In her written grounds of decision (“the PAR’s GD”) dated 30 October 2009,
the PAR held that Campomar failed on both grounds of opposition. In relation
to the first ground, the PAR took the view that the relevant point in time to
consider if there was an “earlier trade mark” under s 2(1) of the TMA 2005 was
neither the date on which the Registration Application was made (_ie_ 20
November 2001) as argued by Campomar, nor the date of publication of the Mark
(_ie_ 14 June 2006) as argued by Nike International, but an even later date,
_viz_ , the date on which the Registrar decides if the later mark could be
registered, _ie_ , the time of the hearing of the opposition, or more
specifically, the point of time when the Registrar is about to enter the Mark
on the register. In the present case, this date was 16 September 2009. Since
the 1986 Mark was no longer a “registered mark” from 21 January 2002, there
was no longer, at the time of the hearing of the Registration Application, an
“earlier trade mark” for the purposes of s 2 of the TMA 2005 which could form
the basis of Campomar’s opposition under s 8(1) of the TMA 2005. Accordingly,
the PAR held that s 8(1) of the TMA 2005 did not apply. She also rejected
Campomar’s contentions that the Registration Application was made in bad
faith. Having disposed of the objections, she allowed the registration of the
Mark.

10 Campomar appealed against this decision of the PAR to the High Court by way
of Originating Summons No 1353 of 2009 (“the OS”). We should, at this
juncture, point out that in its appeal to the High Court, Campomar abandoned
its opposition to the registration of the Mark based on s 7(6) of the TMA 2005
(_ie_ , bad faith) and confined its appeal on the sole ground that
registration should have been disallowed on account of the 1986 Mark. It
contended that the the PAR had misdirected herself in law in determining what
constituted an “earlier trade mark” for the purpose of s 8(1) of the TMA 2005.
Campomar also pleaded that the PAR misdirected herself in law by stating that
there is an absence of an express provision that defines “earlier trade marks”
as marks that are on the register as at the date of the application.

11 The OS was heard by the Judge, who, on 14 April 2010, dismissed Campomar’s
appeal. His grounds of decision (“the GD”) may be found at _Campomar SL v Nike
International Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 951. Campomar now appeals to this court to
reverse both the Judge’s as well as the PAR’s decisions.

Decision below

12 The sole issue before the Judge was whether Campomar’s 1986 Mark could be
considered an “earlier trade mark” within the definition of s 2(1) of the TMA
2005 for the purposes of the application under s 8(1) of the same. Like the
PAR, the Judge found that the 1986 Mark did not qualify as an “earlier trade
mark”. He agreed with the PAR that the appropriate moment to determine whether
there was an “earlier trade mark” under s 8(1) of the TMA 2005 was at the
hearing of the opposition. Since the 1986 Mark had already been revoked by
then, it was no longer a registered trade mark, and therefore not an “earlier
trade mark” for the purposes of s 2(1) and s 8(1) of the TMA 2005.
Accordingly, s 8(1) would not apply as a ground for refusing registration.

13 In coming to his decision, the Judge first noted that under s 2 of the TMA
2005, an “earlier trade mark” referred to a “registered trade mark… the
application for registration of which was made earlier than the trade mark in
question”. It does not indicate the relevant moment in time at which it should
be determined whether an earlier mark existed. However, from the wording of s
2 of the TMA 2005, the Judge took the view that the application for the
earlier trade mark must not only be made before the later trade mark in
question (in this case, the Mark), the earlier trade mark must still, at the
relevant time, be a registered trade mark (see GD at [3]).

14 The Judge then considered the cases of _Riveria Trade Mark_ [2003] RPC 50
(“ _Riveria_ ”) and _Transpay Trade Mark_ [2001] RPC 10 (“ _Transpay_ ”) both
decisions of the UK Trade Marks Registry. Campomar relied heavily upon the
former and argued that it stood for the proposition that the appropriate time
to consider if there was an “earlier trade mark” was at the time of the
application to register the subsequent trademark. The Judge was, however, of
the view that _Riveria_ could not assist Campomar as that case concerned a
determination of the question of whether the registration of a later trade
mark was valid, whereas the appeal before him concerned grounds for opposing
the registration of a later mark _per se_. In the former situation, the Judge
was of the opinion that the question of whether a later mark was validly
registered would “obviously” depend on the circumstances at the time of the
registration. In the latter situation, however, he was of the view that events
which occurred between the date of application for registration and the date
on which the decision was to be made on the application ought to be taken into
account (_ie_ the position taken by the UK Trade Mark Registry in _Transpay_)
as the courts ought to be aware of the realities of the situation at the date
that the opposition proceeding was heard. Moreover, adopting this approach
would be consistent with the approach of this Court in _Tiffany & Co v
Fabriques de Tabac Reunies SA_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 541 (“ _Tiffany & Co_”), where
this Court opined that the appropriate time to consider if the public was
likely to be confused by an applicant’s mark was at the time at which the
opposition proceeding was heard.

Issues before this Court

15 The main issue in this appeal is similar to that which confronted the court
below, _viz_ , whether Campomar’s 1986 Mark could be considered to be an
“earlier trade mark” within the meaning of s 8(1) read with s 2(1) of the TMA
2005. However, it does not appear to us that resolution of this issue would
depend solely on the question of whether the Registrar, in determining an
application to register, should view the application as at the date of the
application to register or the date of the hearing of the registration
application itself. This is because the 1986 Mark was deemed to have been
removed as of 21 January 2002 but the Mark was deemed to have been registered
with effect from 20 November 2001. Thus, if both the PAR and the Judge were
right to say that the court ought to deal with an application to register as
at the date on which the application to register comes before the Registrar
for a decision (and we think that is correct for reasons we will come to
shortly), one will then face the problem of the same mark having being
registered as belonging to two distinct proprietors between 20 November 2001
and 21 January 2002. As the TMA 2005 and its predecessor prohibits this
phenomenon, this two-month period of overlap cannot be ignored in determining
whether an “earlier trade mark” existed.

The decision of this Court

16 Section 8(1) of the TMA 2005 prohibits the registration of a later trade
mark if it is identical with an “earlier trade mark” and if the goods or
services for which the former is sought to be registered are identical with
the good or services for which the “earlier trade mark” was protected. Section
8(1) and (2) of the TMA 2005 provide as follows:

**Relative grounds for refusal of registration**

**8**. —(1) A trade mark shall not be registered if it is identical with an
**_earlier trade mark_** and the goods or services for which the trade mark is
sought to be registered are identical with the goods or services for which the
earlier trade mark is protected.

(2) A trade mark shall not be registered if because —

(a) it is identical with an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for
goods or services similar to those for which the earlier trade mark is
protected; or

(b) it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods
or services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade
mark is protected,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

17 The definition of an earlier mark can be found in s 2(1) of the TMA 2005:

**Interpretation**

**2**. —(1) In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

...

"earlier trade mark" means —

(a) a **_registered trade mark_** or an international trade mark (Singapore),
the application for registration of which was made earlier than the trade mark
in question, taking account (where appropriate) of the priorities claimed in
respect of the trade marks; or

(b) a trade mark which, at the date of application for registration of the
trade mark in question or (where appropriate) of the priority claimed in
respect of the application, was a well known trade mark,

and _includes a trade mark in respect of which_** _an application for
registration has been made_** _and which_ , **_if registered_** _, would be an
earlier trade mark by virtue of paragraph (a)_**_subject to its being so
registered_** ;

...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The effect of limb (a) and the concluding limb is that a mark may be
considered to be an “earlier trade mark” only where it is either already
registered or pending registration. Registerability of the earlier mark is
critical.

18 As the Judge rightly pointed out, s 2(1) of the TMA 2005 does not provide
any specific guidance or indication as to the point in time for determining if
an earlier trade mark exists for the purposes of s 8(1) of the TMA 2005.
Campomar has argued that a “literal interpretation” of s 2(1) would give rise
to the conclusion that the relevant date was the date of the Registration
Application. However, we do not see how that view can be taken when the
provision merely sets out the requirements which must be met before a mark may
qualify as an “earlier trade mark”. For the reasons alluded to by the PAR and
the Judge in the present case, the local case of _Hugo Boss AG v Reemtsma
Cigarettenfabriken GMBH_ [2009] SGIPOS 7 (“ _Hugo Boss_ ”), as well as the
English cases of _Kambly SA Specialities de Biscuits Suisses v Intersnack
Knabber-Geback GMBH & Co KG_ [2004] EWHC 943 (CH) (“ _Kambly_ ”) and
_Transpay_ , we agree that the Registrar, in considering an opposition to an
application for registration of a mark, should view the matter as at the date
of the hearing of the opposition instead of the date of the registration
application. This approach is not only consistent with the wording of s 8(1),
more importantly, it is sensible, pragmatic and realistic.

19 In _Hugo Boss_ , the Registrar had to determine whether Hugo Boss AG’s
expunged trade mark registrations for “BOSS” and “HUGO BOSS” in Class 34 could
still be considered as “earlier registrations” for the purposes of s 23(1) of
the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Rev Ed) (“TMA 1992”). Section 23(1) of TMA
1992 provides:

**23**. —(1) Except as provided by section 25, no trade mark shall be
registered in respect of any goods or description of goods that is identical
with or nearly resembles a trade mark belonging to a different proprietor and
already on the register in respect of —

(a) the same goods;

(b) the same description of goods; or

(c) services or a description of services which are associated with those
goods or goods of that description.

Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken Gmbh (“Reemtsma”) had, on 14 December 1998,
applied to register the mark “BOSS” in Class 34 for use on “tobacco, tobacco
products, particularly cigarettes and cigarillos, smoker’s articles, matches;
all included in Class 34”. On 5 February 2002, Reemtsma filed two applications
to have Hugo Boss’ trade mark registrations for “BOSS” and “HUGO BOSS” in
Class 34 revoked. By a judgment of the High Court dated 10 September 2003,
these two marks of Hugo Boss were revoked and the two marks were deemed
revoked as from 5 February 2002 (_ie_ the date of the revocation application)
(see the judgment reported at [2003] 4 SLR(R) 155). On 23 July 2004,
Reemtsma’s application was published for opposition purposes. On 23 November
2004, Hugo Boss AG filed its Notice of Opposition. At the hearing of
Reemtsma’s application to register the BOSS mark, PAR Lee Li Choon (“PAR Lee”)
noted that s 23(1) of the TMA 1992 referred to marks “belonging to a different
proprietor and **_already on the register_** ” [emphasis in original]. Such
marks prevented the registration of later marks which were identical to or
nearly resembled marks in relation to the same goods or goods of the same
description. PAR Lee next considered the question of “what [was] the point in
time for the purpose of determining what marks were “already on the register”
for the purpose of section 23(1)” and concluded that the point in time at
which the Registrar should consider if prior expunged marks were still “on the
register” for the purposes of a s 23(1) objection was at the point in time
when the Registrar decided whether the later mark could be entered onto the
register. In other words, the point in time would be the point at which the
opposition proceeding was heard. This was because s 23(1) of the TMA 1992
stated that “Except as provided by section 25, no trade mark **_shall be
registered_** in respect of any goods …” [emphasis added in bold italics]. PAR
Lee was of the view that the phrase “no trade mark shall be registered”
related to the act of placing a mark on the register. Further, she also noted
that there was no express provision in the TMA 1992 stating that “marks
already on the register” had to be marks already on the register _as at the
date of the application for registration of the later mark_ [emphasis added].
Additionally, PAR Lee was of the view that her interpretation was a reasonable
one and was also in line with the Registrar’s implementation of the TMA 1992
by waiving citations of earlier registrations/applications which, at the point
of decision, were no longer subsisting and valid (_eg_ when they had lapsed
due to non-renewal or abandonment). Finally, PAR Lee observed that her
approach was wholly consistent with that taken by this Court in _Tiffany & Co_
where the Court observed at [57]:

57 ... Whether or not to take into account facts occurring after the date of
application to register the mark must of course depend on each unique set of
facts that arises. The court must always be aware of the realities of the
situation at the date that the opposition proceedings under s 15 [of the TMA
1999] are heard.

20 Turning next to the English cases of _Kambly_ and _Transpay_ , they also
suggest that events which occurred between the date of application for
registration and the date on which the decision on the application was made
ought to be taken into account.

21 _Kambly_ was a case concerning two earlier registered marks belonging to
Kambly in respect of flour, confectionery, bread, cake and biscuits, and the
like (“the Kambly Trade Marks”), and two later marks which Intersnack sought
to register in respect of a wider category of products which also included
“snack products” (“the Intersnack Trade Marks”). Intersnack also sought
revocation of the Kambly Trade Marks.

22 Kambly argued that registration of the Intersnack Trade Marks was barred by
s 12 of the UK Trade Marks Act 1938 (c 22) (“ UK TMA 1938”) because s 12 of
the UK TMA 1938 prohibits the registration of marks identical to and
resembling pre-existing marks on the register where registration of the later
marks were sought in respect of goods identical to and nearly resembling goods
for which the earlier marks were registered for, but as at the date of the
applications for registration by Intersnack (respectively 23 May 1989 and 11
May 1990), the Kambly Trade Marks were still on the register (they were only
deemed revoked as of 31 August 1993) and the Intersnack Trade Marks nearly
resembled (if they were not identical with) the Kambly Trade Marks and were
also in respect of the same goods or same description of goods. Section 12, in
so far as material, reads as follows:

**12 Prohibition of registration of identical and resembling trade marks**

(1) Subject to the provisions of subsection (2) of this section, no trade mark
shall be registered in respect of any goods or description of goods that is
identical with a trade mark belonging to a different proprietor and **already
on the register** in respect of the same goods or description of goods, or
that so nearly resembles such a trade mark as to be likely to deceive or cause
confusion.

[emphasis added]

23 Lightman J rejected the argument of Kambly and held at [26] of his decision
that the critical date for determining whether there was already on the
register a trade mark belonging to a different proprietor was the date when
the mark was to be entered on the register:

The existence of a trade mark on the register at the date of application for
registration is _not under the 1938 Act_ [the UK’s old Trade Marks Act on
which Singapore’s old TMA 1992 was modelled] a bar to an application for
registration of another identical or similar trade mark so long as the
previously registered trade mark is _removed from the register by the date
that the trade mark applied for is registered_. The language of section 12
makes plain that _the critical date is the date of the entry on the register_
: see Lord Diplock in _GE Trade Mark_ [1973] RPC 297 at 328 and see _In the
Matter of a Trade Mark “Palmolive”_ (1932) 44 RPC 269 at 276.

[emphasis added]

24 Turning next to _Transpay_ , this was a case where Barclays Bank Plc
(“Barclays”) applied, in November 1994, to register the word TRANSPAY in
Classes 16 and 36 in relation to, _inter alia_ , money orders, cheques, cheque
books, plastic cards, banking and financial services. In February 1995, it
applied to register another version of the device in the same classes. Both
applications were accepted and published. In November 1995 and July 1996,
Chequepoint Express Inc (“Chequepoint”) filed notices of opposition. One
ground of opposition was under s 5(2)(b) of the UK Trade Marks Act 1994 (c 26)
(“UK TMA 1994”) on the basis that it owned two earlier trade marks for
TRANSCHEQ in the same classes. However, Chequepoint’s marks had expired
following non renewal on 15 February 1997 and were no longer capable of
restoration to the register.

25 The UK Trade Marks Registry was thus confronted with the question as to
whether Chequepoint could validly object to Barclays’ registration application
under s 5(2)(b) of the UK TMA 1994 on account of the fact that Chequepoint’s
earlier marks only lapsed after Barclays had applied for the registration of
its two new marks (Chequepoint’s earlier marks expired for non-renewal on 15
February 2007 but Barclays’ registration application for its marks was dated
15 November 1994 and 17 February 1995 respectively). Chequepoint argued that
matters had to be considered as at the date of the registration application.
As the earlier marks were still on the register when Barclays made its
applications, Chequepoint contended that its marks were accordingly earlier
registered marks for the purposes of s 5(2)(b) and their subsequent lapse
could not affect its status as at the date on which Barclay made its
registration application. Barclays, on the other hand, argued that where an
earlier mark had been allowed to lapse, this ought to be taken into account,
even if the lapse occurred after the date of the application for registration.

26 Mr Mike Knight of the UK Trade Marks Registry dismissed Chequepoint’s
opposition and allowed Barclays’ registration applications. He was of the view
that implicit from the provisions of the UK TMA 1994 was the notion that
acceptance of an application for registration of a mark was distinct and
separate from the actual registration of the mark. This view was based on ss
37 and 40 of the UK TMA 1994. The former dealt with the examination of a
registration application whereas the latter made provision for the actual
registration of a mark. Based on these two provisions, Mr Knight concluded
that the acceptance of an application was not the same as registration.

27 Having noted the distinction between acceptance of a mark for registration
and the actual registration of the mark, Mr Knight then said that the UK TMA
1994 allowed the registrar to consider certain matters arising between those
two events, _inter alia_ , where: (a) the proprietor of an earlier mark
limited the specification of the goods and services such that the cause of the
conflict between the two marks was removed; (b) the earlier mark had been
fully cancelled after the date of application for registration of the
otherwise later conflicting mark; (c) the applicant had taken an assignment of
the earlier mark; and (d) where the earlier mark had lapsed. This was to
prevent unfairness from resulting. If consideration was restricted to only
matters that existed at the application date, it would be impossible for part
cancellation of goods or services to be taken into account that could allow
the later mark to be registered. Furthermore, the effect of cancellation or
assignment of a mark could also not be considered. Turning to the facts before
himself, Mr Knight noted that as Chequepoint’s earlier marks no longer existed
as registered trademarks from February 1997 and indeed by September 1999 when
the application came up for consideration, they were clearly not on the
register. Thus, he held that Chequepoint could not rely on s 5(2) of the UK
TMA 1994 to oppose the registration.

28 Thus, the effect of _Hugo Boss_ , _Kambly_ and _Transpay_ is that the
relevant date for determining the existence of an “earlier mark” is the date
when the mark is to be entered on the register, and not the date of the
registration application. However, as mentioned in [15] above, it seems to us
that the problem which surfaced in this case is not amenable to a resolution
by merely applying s 8(1) of the TMA 2005, read with the definition of an
“earlier trade mark” provided for in s 2(1) of the same act. There is also the
additional problem arising from a combination of the relation-back provisions
in the TMA 2005, _viz_ , ss 22(7) and 15(2), which we have to contend with.

29 Under s 22(7) of the TMA 2005, revocation of a trade mark takes effect
either from the date of the revocation application where the application is
granted, or earlier if the court is satisfied that there are grounds for
revocation to be effective at a date prior to the revocation application.
Under s 15(2) of the same Act, that subsection provides that where an
application for registration of a mark is granted, the mark is deemed to be
registered as of the date of the application for registration, _ie_ , the
effective date of registration or a mark will relate back to the date of the
application for registration, notwithstanding the lapse of time between the
date of application for registration and the date of actual entry of the mark
onto the register. The effect of s 22(7), read with s 15(2) of the TMA 2005,
is that if the date of application for registration of a later mark (this is
also the effective date of registration of that later mark) occurs _before_
the date of application for revocation of an earlier mark (this is also the
effective date of revocation of that earlier mark), on a successful
registration of the later mark and revocation of the earlier mark, there would
be two identical or almost similar marks on the register at the same time at
some point. This would be precisely the situation in the present matter should
the Mark be registered. It seems to us that one of the objects of enacting s
22(7)(a) (backdating of the revocation to a date earlier than the date of
application to revoke if the circumstances justify that) must be to address
this problem.

30 Although the 1986 Mark was only finally removed on 16 January 2006
following the decision of this Court in _Nike International (Appeal)_ , in
view of s 22(7) of the TMA 2005, the revocation of the 1986 Mark was deemed to
take effect from 21 January 2002, the date on which Nike International made
the Revocation Application. Similarly, although Nike International’s
application to register the Mark was only granted on 16 September 2009, the
Mark was deemed by s 15(2) of the TMA 2005 to take effect from 20 November
2001. Thus for the period between 20 November 2001 and 21 January 2002 (“the
overlap period”), if the Mark was allowed to remain on the register, then in
law both the 1986 Mark and the Mark would exist concurrently on the register,
albeit for a brief two-month period. Accordingly, even if the relevant date
for determining whether there was an “earlier mark” was the date when the mark
was to be entered on the register rather than the date of the registration
application, which we agree, this position does not alter the fact that as at
the date of the hearing before the PAR, the 1986 Mark remained on the register
until 21 January 2002 and was only effectively removed _after_ the effective
registration date of the Mark (20 November 2001). To that extent, allowing the
registration of the Mark would run counter to the provisions of the TMA 2005.

31 In _Hugo Boss_ , it seems to us that the approach taken by PAR Lee was to
simply ask whether, as at the date of the hearing to oppose Reemtsma’s
application to register the BOSS mark, Hugo Boss’ two earlier marks were still
on the register. In finding that the registration of Hugo Boss’ two earlier
marks did not constitute earlier registrations for the purposes of s 23(1) of
the TMA 1992, she did not appear to have considered the fact that if
Reemtsma’s application to register its later mark was granted, registration of
that mark would take effect as from 14 December 1998. However, the two earlier
Hugo Boss were still on the register on 14 December 1998 and remained so until
5 February 2002, which was the date of the revocation application and hence
the effective date of their revocation.

32 Similarly, the fact that there was a period of overlap between the
effective date of registration of the later Intersnack Trade Marks
(respectively 23 May 1989 and 11 May 1990) and the effective date of
revocation of the old Kambly Trade Marks (31 August 1993) did not appear to
have been addressed by Lightman J in _Kambly_. Granted, Lightman J’s views
were expressed in the context of the UK TMA 1938, which did not contain any
equivalent of s 22(7) of Singapore’s TMA 2005. A similar provision was however
introduced some time later into the UK TMA 1994 (see s 46(6) of the UK TMA
1994). Yet, that provision was not considered in _Transpay_ either. Like PAR
Lee, Mr Knight did not appear to have considered the fact that in allowing the
registration of Barclays’ later marks, Chequepoint’s earlier marks and
Barclays’ later marks would appear alongside each other on the register
between 15 November 1994/17 February 1995 and 15 February 1997. In passing, we
should further add that Mr Knight also found that the two marks, TRANSPAY and
TRANSCHEQ, were not confusingly similar.

33 In dealing with the problem created by the relation-back provisions in the
TMA 2005, _viz_ , ss 22(7) and 15(2), we find guidance from _Riveria_ , which
Campomar relied on. While we do not agree with Campomar’s reliance on
_Riveria_ for the proposition that the appropriate time to consider if there
was an “earlier trade mark” was at the time Nike International applied to
register its subsequent mark (see [36] below), there is much to be said about
the remarks of Mr Allan James (of the UK Trade Marks Registry) to the effect
that an earlier mark must be revoked effective from a date which preceded the
date of application for registration of a later conflicting mark before the
later mark could be validly registered.

34 _Riveria_ concerned an application by the proprietor of an earlier mark for
a declaration that the registration of a later mark, which was similar to the
earlier mark and registered for identical goods, was invalid. This case
involved the earlier trade mark of “Riveria”, which was held by Stella
Products Limited (“Stella”), and the later mark of “Franco’s Riveria Cone”,
which was held by Domenico Tanzarella t/a Franco’s Ices (“Franco”). Stella’s
earlier trade mark was registered with effect from 13 June 1973 but was
subsequently revoked for non-use effective from 21 May 2001. Franco applied on
22 March 2000 to register its later mark. This application was granted on 25
August 2000, a date which pre-dated Franco’s application to revoke Stella’s
registered mark for non-use for the prescribed period (_ie_ 21 May 2001).
However, pursuant to the relation-back provision in the UK TMA 1994, the
effective date of registration of Franco’s later mark was backdated to 22
March 2000. Following the registration of Franco’s mark, Stella applied on 23
April 2001 (which was even before Franco applied to revoke the Stella mark) to
have Franco’s registration invalidated on the ground that its mark was on the
register. The decision of Mr James in _Riveria_ was in relation to this
application by Stella. Although Franco’s application to revoke was made later
than Stella’s application to invalidate (the former was made on 21 May 2001
whereas the latter was made on 23 April 2001), the former was heard first and
the revocation order was granted. In the light of this background and of the
fact that the revocation of the Stella mark was deemed effective from the date
of the revocation application (_ie_ 21 May 2001), Mr James put the issue
before him as follows (at [12]):

The matter in dispute is whether the subsequent revocation of Stella's
registration with effect from May 21, 2001 has the effect of either
retrospectively extinguishing the earlier trade mark right or else preventing
or limiting the proprietor's ability to continue to rely upon it.

35 Mr James answered this query in the negative and relied on s 46(6) of the
UK TMA 1994, which was the genesis of our s 22(7) of the TMA 2005. Section
46(6) of the UK TMA 1994 provides:

(6) Where the registration of a trade mark is revoked to any extent, the
rights of the proprietor shall be deemed to have ceased to that extent as
from—

(a)the date of the application for revocation, or

(b)if the registrar or court is satisfied that the grounds for revocation
existed at an earlier date, that date.

In his view, by virtue of s 46(6) of the UK TMA 1994, the rights of the
proprietor of a revoked registration would continue to exist up until the date
of the application for revocation, “unless the registrar is satisfied that the
grounds for revocation existed at an earlier date” (see [14] of _Riveria_). It
was, therefore, essential that the party who was seeking to revoke an earlier
trade mark, whether to make way for its own application or to resist an
application to have its own registration declared invalid on the basis of the
earlier trade mark, request that the conflicting earlier mark be revoked with
effect from a date which precedes the date of its own application for
registration. Otherwise, the subsequent revocation of an earlier mark (in this
case, Stella’s earlier mark, with effect from 21 May 2001), after the later
mark had been registered (in this case, Franco’s later mark, which was deemed
to be registered on 22 March 2000), would have the effect of retrospectively
extinguishing the rights of the proprietor of the earlier mark during the
overlapping period when _both_ the later mark and earlier mark would be found
on the register (_ie_ between 22 March 2000 and 21 May 2001).

36 What is of relevance in _Riveria_ to the present case is in relation to the
existence of the overlapping period. Mr James would not allow the Franco mark
to remain on the register as it would coincide with the Stella mark which was
still there until 21 May 2001. As mentioned in the previous paragraph, Mr
James also added that the difficulties that arose could have been taken care
of by resorting to s 46(6)(b) of the UK TMA 1994 (our s 22(7)(b) of the TMA
2005) and by requesting the Registry to order that the revocation takes effect
from a date earlier than the date of the application by Franco to register its
mark, provided that there is sufficient evidence to warrant such a further
backdating (on the facts of _Riveria_ , Franco failed to do so and Mr James
declined to accept Franco’s “tentative invitation to speculate about what the
outcome might have been if revocation had been sought from an earlier date”
(see [21] of _Riveria_)). From the facts of the case and this reasoning of Mr
James, it would be seen that when he was considering the application to
invalidate the Franco mark, he was looking at the matter as at the date of the
hearing of that application and not as at the date of the application. If he
was looking at the matter as of the date of the application to invalidate the
Franco mark, there was no question of any overlapping period to talk about.
The incidence of an overlapping period only arose following events which
occurred after the invalidation application made on 23 April 2001 (see [34]
above).

37 While it is true that the proceedings here, which concern opposition to
registration, are different from that in _Riveria_ , which related to
invalidation of a registered mark, both were based on the ground that there
was an earlier similar or identical registered mark. The ground for opposing
the registration of a mark under s 8(1) of the TMA 2005 can also be relied
upon to invalidate a mark. This is clearly set out in s 23(3) of the TMA 2005,
which reads:

(3)The registration of a trade mark may be declared invalid on the ground -

(a)That there is an earlier trade mark in relation to which-

(i)The conditions set out in section 8(1) or (2) apply;

...

Thus, whether a party should apply to oppose the registration of a mark or to
invalidate the mark depends on whether, at the time of application, the mark
in question has been registered. If registration of the later mark is still
pending, then the party having an interest in the matter should give notice of
his intention to oppose the registration of the mark. On the other hand, if
the later mark has already been registered, then the proper course for an
interested party to take would be to apply for the invalidation of that mark

38 In this case, the 1986 Mark has undoubtedly been revoked on 21 January
2002. But it does not mean that that mark had never been on the register. It
was there until 21 January 2002. As the effect of the registration of the Mark
would be related back to the date of application, 20 November 2001, this is a
consequence which the Registrar cannot disregard in considering the
Registration Application. Otherwise, it would mean that during the overlapping
period, an identical mark, owned by two different entities, would be on the
register. The TMA 2005 could not have contemplated or sanctioned that. As
stated before, the problem could have been avoided by resorting to s 22(7)(b)
of the TMA 2005, which gives the Registrar the power to order the revocation
of a registered trade mark to take effect even earlier than the date on which
the application for revocation was made if the circumstances warrant it. The
provisions in s 22(7)(b) of the TMA 2005 were only added in 1999. As stated in
[29], it seems to us that one of its objects must be to address the sort of
problems that could arise like the present where the application to register a
later mark was made before an application to have an earlier identical or
similar registered mark revoked for non-use and there is evidence to show that
the non-use occurred even before the commencement of the five-year period
relied on in the application for revocation.

39 In _Transpay, Kambly_ and _Hugo Boss_ , the question of the existence on
the register of two similar or identical marks belonging to different parties
during the overlap period was not given focus. At this juncture, we would
highlight one other aspect of _Transpay_. There, the earlier mark was not
revoked for non-use but lapsed due to non-renewal. We do not think this
difference, as to the reason for a mark being no longer on the register, is
material. Rather, the critical facts are first, whether an earlier mark was
still on the register at the time the later mark was to be entered on that
register and second, whether the entry of the later mark onto the register
would create a situation whereby two similar or identical marks belonging to
different parties could be found on the register at any point in time. In the
cases of _Hugo Boss and Kambly_ , the significance of a period of overlap was
similarly not considered (see [31] and [32] above). Moreover, they were
decided under the now superseded predecessors of the respective UK and
Singapore Trade Marks Acts, where what is now s 22(7)(b) of the TMA 2005 (or s
46(6)(b) of the UK TMA 1994) had not yet been added.

40 To recapitulate, what we would underscore is that while the Registrar, in
considering an application to register a mark in the face of an opposition
under s 8(1), is entitled to take into account all the circumstances up to
that point in time, including the revocation of an earlier identical
registered mark, the Registrar should not disregard the fact, as in this case,
that the registration of the later mark would give rise to there being on the
register two identical marks being owned by two different parties for a period
of time. As we see it, the provisions in s 22(7)(b) of the TMA 2005 must have
been added to address, _inter alia_ , this difficulty.

Conclusion

41 In conclusion, this court would state that it makes good and practical
sense, when the Registrar determines an application for a mark to be
registered, to consider it in the light of the circumstances prevailing on the
day of hearing instead of viewing it as on the date of the application.
Indeed, in _Riveria_ , which was an invalidation proceeding, Mr James still
considered the application in the light of the facts before him as at the date
of the hearing. What is critically important, whether it is an opposition
proceeding or an invalidation proceeding, is for the Registrar to always bear
in mind the need to ensure that the entry of a later mark on the register
would not result in the existence of two similar or identical marks, belonging
to different parties, on the register at _any period of time_. In the present
case, while the 1986 Mark was no longer on the register on 16 September 2009
(the date of the hearing of the Registration Application), the register would
show that the 1986 Mark was on the register until 21 January 2002. As the
registration of the Mark would take effect from 20 November 2001, which was a
date well before the 1986 Mark was removed from the register, the entry of the
Mark on the register would infringe s 8(1) of the TMA 2005 and would in turn
cause confusion. Therefore, it should not be allowed. The remedy for a problem
of this kind could be resolved in an appropriate case by resorting to s
22(7)(b) of the TMA 2005. However, this was not done here.

42 In the result, Campomar’s appeal is allowed with costs here and below and
with the usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

