Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd _v_ LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 162

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 769 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Alvin Yeo SC, Sean La'Brooy, Napolean Koh and Pamela Tan
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Tan Liam Beng and Soh Chun York (Drew
& Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd — LW Infrastructure Pte Ltd  
  
5 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 This case (Originating Summons 769 of 2010 (“OS 769”)) is one of two cross-
appeals on several questions of law which arise out of an arbitral award. The
other is Originating Summons 759 of 2010 (“OS 759”). Two of the issues raised
in the appeals are of considerable importance in the construction industry,
and, so far as I am aware, have not yet been expressly decided.

The factual background

2 Topmost Industries Pte Ltd (“the Employer”) engaged AC Consortium Pte Ltd as
the architect (“the Architect”) and E S Tang Consultants as the quantity
surveyor (“the Quantity Surveyor”) in respect of a proposed project. On 15
January 2001, Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd (“LCS”) was invited by the
Architect, on the Employer’s behalf, to tender for the main contract for the
design and construction of an industrial building known as “LW Technocentre”
at 31 Toh Guan Road East, Singapore 608608 (“the Project”). During the final
tender interview on 5 April 2001, LCS was informed that LW Infrastructure Pte
Ltd (“LW”) would be interposed as the main contractor and that it would
instead be the design and build sub-contractor.

3 On 8 May 2001, the Employer issued a letter of award to LW, appointing it as
the main contractor of the Project for a lump sum price of $13,027,052.56. LW
accepted the offer on 12 May 2001. In turn, LW issued a letter of award to LCS
on 14 May 2001, appointing it as the design and build sub-contractor of the
Project at a lump sum price of $9,451,780.80 (excluding Mechanical and
Electrical Works (“M&E Works”)). On the same day, LW engaged Leun Wah Electric
Co (Pte) Ltd (“Leun Wah”) as the sub-contractor for the M&E Works. Leun Wah in
turn engaged LCS to carry out those works.

4 In relation to the main sub-contract works, LCS accepted the offer from LW
on 18 May 2001 and the formal sub-contract document was subsequently executed
on 30 November 2001. LCS was required to complete the sub-contract works
within 15 months from the commencement date of the sub-contract. As this was 2
May 2001, LCS was required to complete the works by 2 August 2002. Clause 16.1
provided that the works would be deemed to have been practically completed
upon receipt of a Temporary Occupation Permit (“TOP”) from the relevant
authorities.

5 On 22 May 2002, both parties agreed that an extension of time of some three
months would be given to LCS. The precise duration of the agreed extension was
disputed before Mr Johnny Tan Cheng Hye (“the Arbitrator”): _ie_ whether the
completion date was extended to 31 October 2002, or to 2 November 2002\. The
Arbitrator held that the completion date was extended to 31 October 2002 and
that this agreed extension was only for the delay caused by late and short
payments by LW before 22 May 2002. He also found that LCS was entitled to four
additional days of extension of time pursuant to cl 25 due to exceptionally
adverse weather. This finding extended the completion date to 4 November 2002.

6 Clause 27.1.2 of the sub-contract provides that failure by the sub-
contractor “to proceed regularly and diligently with the performance of [the
sub-contractor’s] obligations” is a ground for termination of the sub-
contract. On 2 January 2003, LW sent a notice to LCS notifying it of its
failure to proceed regularly and diligently with its obligations, and in
particular its obligation to complete the project by the contractual
completion date. LCS had assured LW on numerous occasions that the TOP would
be obtained by various target dates: 31 December 2002, 7 February 2003, 15
April 2003, and 10 May 2003. Due to the fact that the TOP had not yet been
obtained despite these repeated assurances, LW was concerned with LCS’s
ability to complete the sub-contract works. The final straw was when LW
complained on 6 May 2003 that, despite a payment of $200,000 to LCS, many
sections of the works were still incomplete. This complaint was met with
silence until 12 May 2003 when a terse reply was sent:

I am sorry, my telephone and internet was temporarily disconnected due to non-
payment and was only connected on 9th May 2003.

We are unable to continue to apply for TOP and are not capable to take
delivery of FSB certificates.

LW immediately terminated the sub-contract pursuant to cl 27.1.2. After
termination, various sub-contractors were engaged by LW to complete the
Project. The TOP was eventually granted on 1 August 2003.

7 On 22 June 2004, LW served a notice of arbitration on LCS. The Arbitrator
accepted appointment on 9 November 2007 and issued his award on 29 June 2010
(“the Award”). For completeness, it is noted that a supplementary award was
issued on 15 July 2010 to correct typographical errors.

Leave to appeal

8 Appeals on questions of law arising out of an arbitral award pursuant to s
49 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) may only be
brought with the leave of the court or with the agreement of all the parties
to the proceedings: s 49(3). Initially, the parties applied for leave to
appeal and their respective applications came on for hearing before me on 29
October 2010. During the hearing, both parties accepted that Art 5.5 of the
sub-contract stipulated that either party may appeal to the High Court on
questions of law. Art 5.5 is as follows:

The parties hereby agree and consent pursuant to sections 28 and 29 of the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Ed), that either party

may appeal to the High Court on any question of law arising out of an award
made in an arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement and

may apply to the High Court to determine any question of law arising in the
course of the reference

and the parties agree that the High Court shall have jurisdiction to determine
any question of law

As this satisfied the requirement in s 49(3)(a), I granted leave to both
parties to amend their respective originating summons to include the necessary
prayers for the appeal proper.

9 Two issues arise from Art 5.5. First, in _Poseidon Schiffahrt GmbH v Nomadic
Navigation Co Ltd (“The Trade Nomad”)_ [1998] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 57, Colman J had
to determine the issue of whether parties to an arbitration agreement entered
into _before_ the occurrence of a dispute or the making of an award could, by
that agreement, dispense with the need to obtain leave to appeal as a
condition precedent to mounting an appeal pursuant to s 1(3) of the
Arbitration Act 1979. It was argued that the phrase “parties to the reference”
in s 1(3)(a), which is similar to the phrase “parties to the proceedings” in
our s 49(3)(a), envisages that there already has been a reference to
arbitration at the time when consent was given. Colman J rejected this
argument because there was no policy reason why the requirement of consent
would be satisfied only if it was given after the dispute was referred to
arbitration.

10 Secondly, on its face Art 5.5 states that the parties agreed and consented
“pursuant to sections 28 and 29 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Ed)” that
appeals on questions of law arising out of arbitral awards may be brought. The
appeal in this matter and that in OS 759 are brought pursuant to s 49 of the
present Act. This precise issue was dealt with by Clarke J in _Taylor Woodrow
Civil Engineering Ltd v Hutchinson IDH Development Ltd_ (1998) 75 Con LR 1.
Clarke J held that the more sensible inference would be that the parties must
have intended that either party would have a right to appeal to the court on a
question of law arising out of an award regardless of whether the arbitration
was governed by the Arbitration Act 1979. Thus, he held that there was a right
of appeal where the arbitration was governed by the Arbitration Act 1996. This
sensible approach was followed in _Fence Gate Limited v NEL Construction
Limited_ (2001) 82 Con LR 41.

Questions of law raised in this appeal

11 OS 759 was filed a day before OS 769. I am dealing with OS 769 first,
however, because the decision in this appeal will affect the resolution of the
issues raised in OS 759.

12 OS 769 was filed by LCS, the sub-contractor, in an appeal in the following
questions of law:

(a)

where there were acts of prevention which caused delay in the progress of the
works and which were not extendable [_sic_] under the sub-contract, whether it
was necessary for LCS to have been prevented from completing the works by a
prescribed date in order for time to be set at large (“the first question of
law”);

(b)

where there were acts of prevention which caused delay in the progress of the
works and which were not extendable [_sic_] under the sub-contract, whether LW
was entitled to exercise its contractual right of termination under cl 27.1 of
the sub-contract or if LW was so entitled, whether it could only do so by
reference to a reasonable time for completion of the works (“the second
question of law”); and

(c)

where there were acts of prevention which caused delay in the progress of the
works and which were not extendable [_sic_] under the sub-contract, whether LW
was entitled to exercise its contractual right under cl 27.4 of the sub-
contract to claim for costs incurred in engaging other contractors to carry
out the works under the sub-contract (“the third question of law”).

The first question of law

The Arbitrator’s findings

13 The Arbitrator considered several distinct incidents which were relied upon
by LCS to support its claim to an extension of time. As LCS has only raised
two of these incidents before me to support its appeal, it will be unnecessary
to deal with the others. First, it points out that the Arbitrator found that
there was late and under-allocation of Man-Year Entitlements (“MYEs”). In
order to deal with the dependency of contractors on workers from non-
traditional source countries, the Ministry of Manpower (“the Ministry”)
created a system of MYEs, in which each MYE would entitle an employer or
contractor to bring in one worker from non-traditional source countries on a
work permit for one year, while two MYEs could be used to obtain a two-year
work permit, and so on. LW received the permit for piling and pile caps on 12
June 2001, and the permit for building works on 5 July 2001. However, it only
submitted the application for MYEs to the Ministry on 27 July 2001. On 31
August 2001, the Ministry granted 157 MYEs to LW. Of this amount, only 75 were
allocated to LCS; this fell short of the 83 which the Arbitrator held that LCS
was entitled to have. Additionally, he found that LW should have applied for
the MYEs earlier.

14 Secondly, LCS points out that the Arbitrator found that there were late
payments by LW. Clause 30.3.2 stipulated the procedure for interim payments.
In LCS’s applications for interim payment, it was required to enclose a
certificate from the Architect which stated the amount due to it from LW. This
procedure was not followed and LW treated the applications as being invalid.
After several complaints by LCS regarding what they considered to be late
payments, cl 30.3.2 was amended on 14 March 2002 to state that a certificate
from the Architect was not required and that LW would accept certificates from
the Quantity Surveyor instead. The Arbitrator held that because the agreed
three-month extension of time was granted for late and short payments before
22 May 2002, he would only consider the late payments after that date. Between
10 June 2002 and 28 February 2003, the Quantity Surveyor issued nine interim
payment certificates, only two of which were honoured by LW within the 14-day
period stipulated in cl 30.3.3. The Arbitrator therefore found that there were
late payments by LW.

15 The Arbitrator found that there was delay to the progress of the works due
to these incidents, _ie_ , late and under-allocation of MYEs, and late interim
payments. However, he found that LCS had failed to prove that these incidents
had caused a delay in the _completion_ of the sub-contract works for the
following reasons:

(a)

in relation to the late allocation of MYEs, the analysis by LCS’s expert was
incomplete, and LCS only utilised the MYEs in November 2001 although it was
informed of the allocation in mid-September;

(b)

in relation to the under-allocation of MYEs, the analysis by LCS’s expert was
incomplete; and

(c)

in relation to the late payments, LCS’s expert was unable to produce evidence
that this had caused delay in completion, and the managing director of LCS had
stated that it had no financial or cash-flow difficulties and that the
complaints of late payments were only raised to put pressure on LW to pay
because he was concerned that the latter was a $2 company.

16 Earlier in the Award, the Arbitrator had stated that it was well-
established that a contractor would only be entitled to an extension of time
if an employer’s risk event had caused a delay in completion. As he found that
LCS had failed to prove delay in completion due to the incidents it relied
upon, apart from exceptionally adverse weather, he held that only a four-day
extension would be granted for that incident. The Arbitrator then dealt with
the issue of whether time was set at large in the following manner:

355 I now move to the issue whether time is set at large... Generally, when a
contractor is prevented from completing the Works by a prescribed date by the
employer’s or his agent’s acts of prevention and the contract does not provide
for extension of the contract period or where it does so provide but the
extension is improperly withheld, then the contractual date for completion
will cease to apply and time is said to be set at large and the contractor is
required to complete the works by a reasonable time.

356 [LCS] submitted that in this case, time is set at large because their
progress of works was delayed by the late and/or under allocation of MYE and
late... payments. [LCS] submitted that these acts of prevention are not
Relevant Events under Clause 25.4 of the Sub-Contract [the extension of time
clause]. In any event, they say that no extension of time was granted by [LW].
However, I have found earlier that both of these events although they did
cause delay to the progress of the works, there is no evidence adduced by
[LCS] that they delayed the ... completion of the Sub-Contract. A delay to
progress of works does not automatically result in a delay to completion. That
has to be proven, which [LCS] failed to do.

357 Accordingly, time for the completion of the Sub-Contract works was not set
at large.

17 LCS argues that the Arbitrator erred in reaching this conclusion despite
finding that there was a delay in the progress of the works which did not
permit an extension of time under the sub-contract. According to it, in order
for time to be set at large it is not necessary for there to be a delay in the
_completion_ of the works which is attributable to the contractor. A mere
delay in the _progress_ of the works will be sufficient.

The effect of time being set at large

18 In _Yap Boon Keng Sonny v Pacific Prince International Pte Ltd and another_
[2009] 1 SLR(R) 385 (“ _Sonny Yap_ ”), I described the effect of time being
set at large in the following terms (at [34]):

[A] contractor’s obligation to complete the works under a construction
contract within a prescribed period of time is premised on the requirement
that he is not delayed by reason of any “acts of prevention” committed by
either the employer or his agent. As Chow Kok Fong, _Law and Practice of
Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2004) states at p 401:

An act of prevention operates to prevent, impede or otherwise make it more
difficult for a contractor to complete the works by the date stipulated in the
contract.

... _[T]he legal consequence of [time being set at large] is that the date for
completion originally stipulated in the contract ceases to be the operating
date for the completion of the works. Additionally, the employer’s right to
claim or deduct liquidated damages is lost since there is no longer a valid
date for completion from which such damages can be calculated_...

[emphasis added]

19 LW points out that LCS accepts that the time _for completion_ is what is
set at large. However, this in itself does not assist LW because LCS’s
contention is rather narrower: that although the _effect_ is that time for
completion is set at large, this effect may be _triggered_ by a mere delay in
progress.

The rationale of the principle of time being set at large

20 LCS submits that the rationale for the principle of time being set at large
is two-fold. First, the contractual completion date is provided on the basis
that the contractor will not do anything to impede the _progress_ of the works
by the sub-contractor. It relies on my explanation in _Sonny Yap_ of time
being set at large (at [18], _supra_). Secondly, LCS submits that it would be
unfair if it was liable to pay liquidated damages even though there were acts
of prevention by LW because LW would be taking advantage of its own wrong in
having committed such acts. LCS cites Lord Esher MR in _Dodd v Churton_ [1897]
1 QB 562 at 566:

_The principle is ... that, when one party to a contract is prevented from
performing it by the act of the other, he is not liable in law for that
default_ ... [I]f the building owner has ordered extra work beyond that
specified by the original contract which has necessarily increased the time
requisite for finishing the work, he is thereby disentitled to claim the
penalties for non-completion provided for by the contract. _The reason for
that rule is that otherwise a most unreasonable burden would be imposed on the
contractor_.

[emphasis added]

21 LCS argues that there will be a most unreasonable burden placed on it in
the event that liquidated damages are imposed for delays which are not
entirely due to its fault. It asserts that there would be no real prejudice to
LW if time was set at large because LW would still have a remedy by way of
general damages for LCS’s breach of the sub-contract. In essence, LCS argues
that the principle of time being set at large is based on the idea that a man
should not be allowed to take advantage of his own wrong; thus, this principle
should apply equally to a breach by the contractor which delays the _progress_
of the works because there would also be a breach of contract. While LCS
accepts that an express contractual provision may provide otherwise, it notes
that such a provision is absent in this case. Therefore, it says, LW’s breach
should set time at large.

22 However, LCS’s reliance on _Dodd v Churton_ in fact undermines its appeal.
It is clear from the paragraph cited by LCS that Lord Esher MR stated that
there would be a “most unreasonable burden” where there was undoubtedly a
delay in completion. In the sentence immediately preceding the last sentence
cited by LCS, Lord Esher MR contemplated a situation where extra work ordered
by the owner “has necessarily increased the time requisite for finishing the
work”. The two other judges (Lopes and Chitty LJJ) also based their decision
on the fact that there was a delay in the completion of the works. Lopes LJ
put the point quite clearly (at 567-568):

... It is a well-ascertained rule of law that, where the _failure of a
contractor to complete the work by the specified day_ has been brought about
by the act of the other party to the contract, he is exonerated from the
performance of the contract by that date, which has been thus rendered
impossible. That rule appears to me to be applicable to the present case. It
has often been laid down that, where there is a provision that a contractor
shall pay penalties _for delay_ as in the present case, no penalty can be
recovered _where delay has been occasioned by the act of the person_
endeavouring to enforce the penalties ...

[emphasis added]

23 Chitty LJ expressed the same opinion (at 568):

The law on the subject is well settled. ... This principle is applicable not
to building contracts only, but to all contracts. If a man agrees to do
something by a particular day or in default to pay a sum of money as
liquidated damages, the other party to the contract _must not do anything to
prevent him from doing the thing contracted for within the specified time_. Of
course a man may make such a contract as was alleged in _Jones_ v. _St John’s
College_... [However,] it would require very clear language to shew that a man
had undertaken a responsibility which very few men would undertake with their
eyes open ...

[emphasis added]

24 All the leading cases have expressly reiterated the requirement that the
delay must result in delayed completion of the works. In _Holme and another v
Guppy and another_ (1838) 150 ER 1195; 3 M&W 387 at 389, Parke B (delivering
the judgment of the Court of Exchequer) stated:

It is clear, from the terms of the agreement, that the plaintiffs undertake
that they will complete the work in a given four months and a half; and the
particular time is extremely material, because they probably would not have
entered into the contract unless they had had those four months and a half,
within which they could work a greater number of hours a day. Then it appears
that they were disabled from by the act of the defendants from the performance
of that contract; and there are clear authorities, that if the party be
prevented, by the refusal of the other contracting party, _from completing the
contract within the time limited_ , he is not liable in law for the default (1
Roll. Abr. 543; Com. Dig. Condition, L. (6)) ...

[emphasis added]

25 A fuller quote from Lord Esher MR’s judgment in _Dodd v Churton_ makes this
point clear (at 566):

The principle is laid down in Comyns' Digest, Condition L(6.), that, _where
one party to a contract is prevented from performing it by the act of the
other, he is not liable in law for that default_ ; and, accordingly, a well
recognised rule has been established in cases of this kind, beginning with
_Holme v Guppy_ , to the effect that, if the building owner has ordered extra
work beyond that specified by the original contract which _has necessarily
increased the time requisite for finishing the work_ , he is thereby
disentitled to claim the penalties for non-completion provided by the
contract. The reason for that rule is that otherwise a most unreasonable
burden would be imposed upon the Contractor ...

[emphasis added]

26 In _Peak Construction (Liverpool) Ltd v McKinney Foundations Ltd_ (1970) 1
BLR 114 at 121 (“ _Peak v McKinney_ ”), which is a case cited by LCS in
support of its appeal, Salmon LJ states quite clearly that time will be set at
large only where there is a delay in completion:

If the _failure to complete on time_ is due to the fault of both the employer
and the contractor, in my view, the clause does not bite. I cannot see how, in
the ordinary course, the employer can insist on compliance with a condition if
it is partly his own fault that it cannot be fulfilled: ... _Holme v Guppy_. I
consider that unless the contract expresses a contrary intention, the
employer, in the circumstances postulated, is left to his ordinary remedy;
that is to say, to recover such damages as he can prove flow from the
contractors’ breach. No doubt if the extension of time clause provided for a
postponement of the completion date on account of delay caused by some breach
or fault on the part of the employer, the position would be different. This
would mean that the parties had intended that the employer could recover
liquidated damages notwithstanding that he was _partly to blame for the
failure to achieve the completion date_. In such a case the architect would
extend the date for completion, and the contractor would then be liable to pay
liquidated damages for delay as from the extended completion date. ... If the
employer wishes to recover liquidated damages for _failure by the contractors
to complete on time_ in spite of the fact that some of the delay is due to the
employers' own fault or breach of contract, then the extension of time clause
should provide, expressly or by necessary inference, for an extension on
account of such fault or breach on the part of the employer.

[emphasis added]

27 In _Percy Bilton Ltd v Greater London Council_ [1982] 1 WLR 794 at 801C-E,
Lord Fraser of Tullybelton (with whom the four other Law Lords agreed)
provided a clear exposition of the applicable principles:

The true position is, I think, correctly stated in the following propositions
... :

1. _The general rule_ is that the main contractor is bound to complete the work by the date for completion stated in the contract. If he fails to do so, he will be liable for liquidated damages to the employer.

2.That is subject to the exception that the employer is not entitled to
liquidated damages if by his acts or omissions he has prevented the main
contractor from _completing his work by [the] completion date_ : see for
example _Holme_ v. _Guppy_ (1838) 3 M. & W. 387...

3.These general rules may be amended by the express terms of the contract.

...

[emphasis added]

28 Lord Fraser made it quite clear, therefore, that if no delay in completion
is proven, the general rule applies and time is not set at large. The reason
for the consistent affirmation of the requirement that there must be a failure
to complete by the specified date is evident. While the principle of time
being set at large originated in the idea that liquidated damages for delay
_in completion_ should not be imposed where the person claiming those damages
contributed to that delay, there is no reason to extend that principle to
situations where there is a mere delay in the progress of the works which
cannot, by definition, give rise to a claim to or deduction of liquidated
damages. In claiming or deducting liquidated damages, the employer would not
be taking advantage of his own wrong because his conduct was not proven to
have caused completion of the works to be delayed.

29 As a matter of principle, the unanimous weight of academic commentary leans
heavily in favour of the proposition that a delay in completion of the works
must be shown. In Stephen Furst QC & Sir Vivian Ramsey, _Keating on
Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006, 8th Ed) (“ _Keating_ ”), the
following statement was made (at para 9-018):

If the employer prevents _the completion_ of the works in any way ... the
general rule is that he _loses the right to claim liquidated damages for non-
completion_ to time, for he “cannot insist on _a condition_ if it is his own
fault that _the condition_ has not been fulfilled”

[emphasis added]

A similar statement was made in Nicholas Dennys QC, Mark Raeside QC & Robert
Clay, _Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010,
12th Ed) (“ _Hudson_ ”) (at para 6-009):

... [A]n obligation to complete within a reasonable time... arises... where a
contractual completion date has been specified, but has ceased to be
applicable and there is no, or no applicable or enforceable, extension of time
mechanism. This can happen where... the Employer has in one way or another
prevented _completion_ within the contract time ...

[emphasis added]

30 The requirement that there must be a delay to completion of the works was
also reiterated in Keith Pickavance _, Delay and Disruption in Construction
Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010, 4th Ed) (“ _Pickavance_ ”) at para 6-120:

In summary, therefore, where there is a contractually binding date for
completion but, for reasons within [the contractor’s] control [the sub-
contractor] is _prevented from completing_ by the contract completion date,
[the contractor] can no longer insist upon completion by the due date and must
then complete within a reasonable period as a result of the effect of what is
known as the “prevention principle”. Although there appears to be no US case
law on the point, this equitable remedy is familiar to most common law
countries, and it is a remedy that is encapsulated in art.7.1.2 of the
_Unidroit Principles of International Commercial Contracts_ (2004) and in some
civil law codes.

[emphasis added]

31 _Sonny Yap_ was a case in which the conduct of the employer was the main
cause of the inability of the contractor to _complete_ the works by the
stipulated date. Also, Chow Kok Fong, _Law and Practice of Construction
Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 3rd Ed, 2004) (“ _Chow Kok Fong_ ”) at p 401
provides no support for LCS’s contention because it is clear that, read in
context, it states that only a delay in completion of the works will suffice
to set time at large:

... [T]he contractor’s _obligation to complete the works_ under a construction
contract within a prescribed period of time _is premised on the requirement
that he is not delayed_ by reason of any “act of prevention” committed by
either the employer or his agents. An act of prevention operates to prevent,
impede or otherwise make it more difficult for a contractor _to complete_ the
works by the date stipulated in the contract ...

[emphasis added]

32 Furthermore, the distinction between, on the one hand, a delay in progress
which does not constitute an act of prevention and therefore does not set time
at large, and, on the other hand, a delay in completion which does constitute
an act of prevention, is well-established. _Pickavance_ puts the point in the
following way (at paras 6-001 to 6-002):

... A delay, or a likelihood of delay to progress is not the same as a delay,
or a likelihood of delay to completion. It is unfortunate that the words are
easily connected and, in using them in the same clauses of contracts, the
draftsmen have caused much confusion. A delay to progress is an adverse shift
in the intended timing of the start and/or finish of a discrete activity; it
can occur at any time. ... On the other hand, a delay to the completion date
occurs only when the completion date has passed and can only be caused by a
delay to the progress of an activity which is on the critical path to
completion.

... For example: if an event that causes 50 days’ delay to progress in an
activity impacts upon an activity that has 15 days’ total float, it will
demonstrate that the event will absorb the 15 days of float and, after the
float has been taken up, the event will be likely to cause only 35 days’ delay
to the completion date (not withstanding that it caused 50 days’ delay to
progress.

33 A similar explanation was provided in _Hudson_ (at para 6-068):

... [E]vents which may give rise to ... interference with progress... fall
into two broad categories: those which amount to a breach of contract by the
Employer and those events which are authorised by the contract, but
nonetheless affect progress. ... The consequence of the event may be delay to
a single activity or to a number of the activities which are dependent for
their progress on the activity which has been delayed. Whether the activity
will cause delay to the completion date for the whole of the work contracted
for will depend on the relationship between the activity delayed and
subsequent activities which cannot be carried out or completed until the
activity has been completed... [S]uch a delay involves the activity being
critical, i.e. on the critical path for the project. This expression itself
may be ambiguous because there are activities which are physically linked in
the sense that one must complete before the other can start (sometimes
referred to as construction links), and activities which are linked in the
Contractor’s programme because that represents the sequence which reflects the
way in which the Contractor intends to use their resources (resource links).
The former (construction) links cannot be “broken” as they are part of the
inherent logic of any programme. The latter (resource) links can be changed,
but may involve some additional expense for the Contractor. ...

34 Apart from _Sonny Yap_ , LCS cites several other cases in support of its
appeal. _Peak v McKinney_ has already been considered. Although the New
Zealand case of _Fernbrook Trading Co Ltd v Taggart_ [1979] 1 NZLR 556 does
not expressly state whether the delay was one which affected completion, it is
likely that the delay was in fact one which affected completion, because it
concerned a delay of 23 weeks in making progress payments and a failure to
issue progress payment certificates in five separate months. Furthermore, all
the cases cited in the judgment concerned a delayed completion date.

35 LCS also cites two local cases: _Kwang In Tong Chinese Temple v Fong Choon
Hung Construction Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 907 at [18] (“ _Kwang In Tong_ ”)
and _Lian Soon Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3
SLR(R) 518 at [18]. In the first case, the judge appeared to accept that there
was a delay in the completion of the works. The second case is unclear as to
whether there was delay in the completion of the works. The passage cited from
the judgment merely reiterates that time will be set at large where there is
“any prevention by the employer of the contractor’s performance of the
contract”. In light of the overwhelming weight of authority and academic
opinion, the judge must have meant a prevention of completion on time.

36 In essence, an employer’s conduct will set time at large only if a
threshold is met: it must cause a delay in the completion of the works.
Because the Arbitrator found that LW’s breaches of contract had not been
proved to meet this threshold, LCS’s remedy lies in damages for disruption of
its progress (in which case it will have to prove its loss to obtain more than
nominal damages). Given the availability of a remedy in damages, LCS’s
contention that LW would be taking advantage of its own wrong appears to be
misconceived.

37 LCS’s final argument is that if there is a question as to which party
should bear the risk of time being set at large as a consequence of acts of
prevention, the obvious answer should be LW. First, it was LW which committed
the acts of prevention. Secondly, LW could have, from the outset, prevented
time from being set at large by expressly providing for an extension of time
in the event that such acts of prevention caused delay. LCS relies on the
following passage in _Peak v McKinney_ (at 121):

... If the employer wishes to recover liquidated damages for failure by the
contractors to complete on time in spite of the fact that some of the delay is
due to the employers’ own fault or breach of contract, then the extension of
time clauses should provide, expressly or by necessary inference, for an
extension on account of such a fault or breach on the part of the employer ...

It also relies on _dicta_ in _Kwang In Tong_ (at [18]):

... Such a result (time set at large) can be prevented by providing in the
contract for extensions of time in the event of the employer’s acts or
omissions affecting the progress of the works, and by the actual grant of
extensions of time.

38 I reject this argument because it presupposes that time will in fact be set
at large even if there is only a delay in progress. I have held that this is
not the case. A contractor should not be held legally responsible for failure
to protect itself from an eventuality which may never occur. In any event, the
question of the allocation of risk is almost invariably a question of
contractual interpretation and is not one which is left to the court’s
discretion. The courts have adopted a common-sense approach and have
_presumed_ that the parties have intended that liquidated damages should not
be available if the person claiming it has contributed to the delay in
completion of the works. For this reason, it is well-settled that if a
contract clearly provides that the date of completion will not be set at large
even if the completion date of the works is delayed, this bargain will be
upheld by the courts: _Jones and another v The President and Scholars of St
John’s College, Oxford_ (1870-71) LR 6 QB 115; _Dodd v Churton_ at 568. This
may occur, for instance, where the contract clearly obliges the contractor to
complete the works within the stipulated time even if extras are ordered and
no extension of time is granted.

LW’s alternative arguments

39 LW also advances three other arguments to resist LCS’s appeal on the first
question of law. As I have concluded that LCS’s appeal on the first question
of law should fail, it is strictly unnecessary to deal with these arguments.
One of the arguments raised involves an important point of principle, however,
and may therefore merit further discussion.

40 LW argues that LCS is precluded from bringing the appeal on the first
question of law because the latter had pleaded in the Arbitration that there
was delay in completion but had failed to prove this. Furthermore, during the
Arbitration LCS had agreed with LW that “Issue 10” – whether time for
completion was set at large – would only need to be decided by the Arbitrator
if “Issue 9” – whether there was delay in _completion_ – was answered in the
affirmative. During the hearing on 8 February 2011, this argument was refined
by LW’s counsel. He argued that because the issue was pleaded and put to the
Arbitrator in that particular way, the Arbitrator had not made an error of law
which was amenable to an appeal on a question of law arising out of an
arbitral award.

41 LCS argues that there was no such agreement between the parties as to the
issues to be submitted to the Arbitrator. This contention is unsustainable in
light of the evidence: first, a letter on 3 July 2009 from the Arbitrator to
the parties set out a list of issues, including Issues 9 and 10, “to be
determined” in the arbitration, and second, this list was drawn up “by
agreement of solicitors for the parties”. A subsequent exchange of emails
between the parties did not show that there was any objection to the list of
issues or to the assertion that it was agreed upon by both parties.

42 It is true that the Arbitrator was only asked to decide (a) whether there
was delay in the completion of the works (Issue 9), and (b) if so, whether
time was set at large (Issue 10). However, it is clear that, in arriving at
the conclusion on Issue 10 that time was not set at large, the Arbitrator held
that the proof of delay to progress of the works was in itself insufficient to
set time at large without further proof of a knock-on delay in completion. In
essence, LW’s contention is that a question of law which is open to appeal
under s 49 of the Act is limited to the precise issues which are pleaded
before the arbitrator and nothing more, even if the question of law arises out
of a finding which was a necessary step along the path to the arbitrator’s
ultimate conclusion on the pleaded issues. LW provided no authority for this
contention. The leading case of _Northern Elevator Manufacturing Sdn Bhd v
United Engineers (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 494 (“ _Northern
Elevator_ ”), in which the Court of Appeal dealt with the scope of the
equivalent provision under the now-repealed Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 1985 Rev
Ed), does not contemplate such a limited scope for the operation of what is
now s 49:

17 Section 28 of the Act confers upon the High Court a power to grant leave to
appeal against an arbitration award if there is a “question of law”, arising
from the award, to be determined. As a preliminary point, it is essential to
delineate between a “question of law” and an “error of law”, for the former
confers jurisdiction on a court to grant leave to appeal against an
arbitration award while the latter, in itself, does not.

18 An opportunity arose for comment in _Ahong Construction (S) Pte Ltd v
United Boulevard Pte Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 208. In that case, G P Selvam JC (as
he then was) stated at [7]:

… _A question of law means a point of law in controversy which has to be
resolved after opposing views and arguments have been considered. It is a
matter of substance the determination of which will decide the rights between
the parties_. … If the point of law is settled and not something novel and it
is contended that the arbitrator made an error in the application of the law
there lies no appeal against that error for there is no question of law which
calls for an opinion of the court. …

19 To our mind, a “question of law” must necessarily be a finding of law which
the parties dispute, that requires the guidance of the court to resolve. When
an arbitrator does not apply a principle of law correctly, that failure is a
mere “error of law” (but more explicitly, an erroneous application of law)
which does not entitle an aggrieved party to appeal.

[original emphasis removed; emphasis added in italics]

This definition of a “question of law” has been cited with approval in
England: _Benaim (UK) Ltd v Davies Middleton & Davies Ltd_ [2005] EWHC 1370 at
[107]; _The Coal Authority v F W Davidson, W E Davidson_ [2008] EWHC 2180 at
[6].

43 _Northern Elevator_ distinguishes between, on the one hand, an erroneous
identification of the correct legal principles (or, in other words, an
identification of the wrong legal principles), and, on the other hand, the
erroneous application of the correct legal principles: only the former will
qualify as a proper “question of law” within s 49(1). There is nothing in
_Northern Elevator_ which obliges the court further to limit the meaning of
“question of law” to the precise issues which were pleaded before the
arbitrator. In reaching a conclusion on a pleaded issue, an arbitrator may
make several findings along the way, whether of fact or of law (as properly
understood). If he makes a finding of law which is necessary to enable him to
reach the ultimate conclusion on the precise issue which was pleaded, there
seems to be no reason why that finding should not fall within the meaning of a
“question of law” in s 49(1).

Conclusion

44 I reject LCS’s argument that time may be set at large if there is no delay
in the completion date but merely a delay in progress. Thus, the answer to the
first question of law is “Yes”.

The second question of law

45 According to s 49(1) of the Act, a party to arbitration proceedings may
appeal “on a question of law arising out of an award made in the proceedings.”
In light of the fact that both parties had contractually agreed in Art 5.5 of
the sub-contract that appeals to the court on questions of law may be brought,
the second and third questions of law raise the interesting issue of whether
the mere fact that the parties have agreed that appeals on questions of law
may be brought has the effect of precluding the need to characterise the
questions to ensure that they are questions of law arising out of the award.
In this particular case, Art 5.5 does not contemplate this result because it
simply refers to appeals “on any question of law arising out of an award”,
without more. As a matter of common-sense, this clause does not purport to
preclude the necessity of characterisation; indeed, such characterisation
would be even more essential because Art 5.5 confines the scope of the
parties’ agreement to appeals on “any question of law arising out of an
award”.

46 In any event, there is nothing in the wording of s 49(1) which indicates
that the parties may alter by agreement the nature of questions which may be
referred to the court on appeal. This approach is reinforced by the wording of
s 49(2) which is as follows:

Notwithstanding subsection (1), the parties may _agree to exclude_ the
jurisdiction of the Court under this section and an agreement to dispense with
reasons for the arbitral tribunal’s award shall be treated as an agreement to
exclude the jurisdiction of the Court under this section.

[emphasis added]

In light of that, I am of the opinion that, if there was any purported
agreement between the parties to increase the scope of the court’s
jurisdiction on appeals pursuant to s 49, it is still necessary to
characterise the questions referred to the court to ensure that they truly
constitute questions of law arising out of the arbitral award. I note that
this approach was also taken by Blair J in _Guangzhou Dockyards Co Ltd v ENE
Aegiali I_ [2011] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 30 where the arbitration clause stated that
either party may appeal “on _any issue_ arising out of any award” and one
party attempted to appeal on what it admitted to be questions of fact.

47 Thus, it is necessary to characterise the second question of law. It is as
follows: given that time has been set at large, whether LW could exercise its
contractual right to terminate under cl 27.1 and, if so, whether it could only
do so by reference to a reasonable time for completion of the works. LW
submits that because the appeal on this question of law is premised on time
having been set at large, it should be dismissed if LCS’s appeal on the first
question of law fails. I agree. As I have dismissed LCS’s appeal on the first
question of law, I also dismiss its appeal on this question of law.

48 Even if I was wrong to have dismissed LCS’s appeal on the first question of
law, I hold that the appeal on the second question of law should be dismissed
because s 49(1) requires that the question of law must be one “arising out of
an award made in the proceedings”. The Arbitrator held that time was _not_ set
at large; therefore, this question of law could not have arisen out of the
Award.

49 _Northern Elevator_ draws a distinction between, on the one hand, an
erroneous identification of legal principles (_eg_ , the interpretation of cl
27.1 or the identification of the common law principles of termination) which
is open to appeal under s 49(1), and, on the other hand, an erroneous
application of the correct legal principles to the facts which is not amenable
to appeal. A question of contractual interpretation is in principle a question
of law which the court has jurisdiction to determine: see, _eg_ , _Pioneer
Shipping Ltd and others v BTP Tioxide Ltd_ [1982] AC 724 at 736A-G (“ _The
Nema_ ”), _Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd v Hyundai Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 270 at [10], _Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Metalform Asia Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 517 at [11]. This approach
is consistent with the legislative intent which underpins s 49 of the Act. In
1997, the Attorney-General set up a committee to review the arbitration
legislation in Singapore. In 2000, it published its final report, _Review of
Arbitration Laws_ , _LRRD No 3/2001_ (“the Report”) as well as the draft
Arbitration Bill 2001. Section 2.38.1 of the Report states:

Retaining a limited degree of review by the court is consistent with the
parties’ desire _to have the matter decided in accordance with the law as
properly understood and as applied in Singapore_. The right of appeal against
awards on questions of law is thus retained in this Bill.

[emphasis added]

50 It would be odd if questions of contractual interpretation, _ie_ , of the
meaning of particular contractual terms, are not questions of law which are
amenable to appeal pursuant to s 49. Given that the obligations of contracting
parties are generally governed by the terms of the contract, whether express
or implied, party autonomy would be unduly infringed if the mere fact that an
arbitrator had identified the correct principles of contractual interpretation
(at a more general level) would prevent an appeal pursuant to s 49 if he had
nonetheless failed to _apply_ them correctly to ascertain the _more specific_
obligations arising out of the contract. These more specific obligations, _eg_
, whether a particular event qualifies for extension of time under an
extension of time clause, will invariably be viewed as being far more
practically important by contracting parties.

51 In the present appeal, the Arbitrator did not have the opportunity of
deciding the effect of time being set at large on LW’s right to terminate the
sub-contract, whether pursuant to cl 27.1 or relying on its common law
remedies, for the simple reason that he found that time was _not_ set at
large. I would not be in a position to decide this appeal without having the
benefit of the Arbitrator’s findings to determine whether the hypothetical
error raises a question which is amenable to appeal under s 49(1), _ie_ ,
whether or not the second question, _if_ answered by the Arbitrator, would
have raised an issue of contractual interpretation or merely one of the
application of the law (as correctly determined) to the facts.

The third question of law

52 This question of law is as follows: given that time has been set at large,
whether LW was entitled under cl 27.4 to claim the costs incurred in engaging
other sub-contractors to carry out the sub-contract works. I hold that this
appeal should be dismissed for the same reasons as the appeal on the second
question of law.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons given above, this appeal fails and must be dismissed with
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

