Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zac. T Engineering Pte Ltd _v_ GTMS Construction Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 62

Case Number| :| Suit No 601 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Magintharan and James Liew (Essex LLC) for the
plaintiff; S Thulasidas (Ling Das & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Zac. T Engineering Pte Ltd — GTMS Construction Pte Ltd  
  
22 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 I gave judgment with brief grounds on 14 December 2010, stating that I would
supplement and expand upon my brief grounds and findings if any party wishes
to take the matter further. The Plaintiff appealed against my judgment on 6
January 2011. The Transcript was made available on 25 January 2011. I now give
my reasons.

Brief Factual Background

2 The Plaintiff carries on the business of building and construction. It is
alleged, and it is not denied, that it does not have an office as such and it
is a ‘one-man’ company run by one Tam Kok Wah, (“Tam”). The Defendant also
carries on the business of building and construction but is a somewhat larger
company, established around 1990 and it was represented by its director,
Dennis Tan Chong Keat, (“Tan”), a civil engineer by training.

3 Tam and Tan are known to each other, having previously worked together in a
joint venture company called GTM Cornett JV or at GTM International (it
matters not which) in the 1980s, where Tan was a site engineer and Tam was a
general foreman.

4 The Defendant appointed the Plaintiff as its subcontractor in two projects:

(a) The _Punggol Project_ – which comprised the external works of a 4-storey
Primary School at Edgedale Plain. The Plaintiff took over from the original
subcontractor for the external works, Keywinds Engineering & Consruction Pte
Ltd, (“Keywinds”). The Defendant issued a letter of appointment dated 17
August 2007 to the Plaintiff. These works were completed on or about 30 May
2008 without any sign-off on the final accounts.

(b) The _Clementi Project_ – this involved upgrading works to Blocks 315 to
320 at Clementi Avenue 4. The subcontract was awarded by a letter of award
dated 3 January 2008. These works were to be carried out from January to
October 2008. A subcontract in writing was subsequently issued. The
Defendant’s reliance on these subcontract terms and conditions was denied by
the Plaintiff, who merely put the Defendant to strict proof but advanced no
positive case whether these terms and conditions or any particular term or
condition formed or did not form part of the contract between them.

It is not disputed that these subcontracts were awarded to the Plaintiff
because of Tam’s previous relationship with Tan.

5 Disputes unfortunately arose between the parties on both these projects. The
Plaintiff claims a total of $799,776.23, comprising the following sums:

(a) $433,275.22 in respect of the Punggol Project; and

(b) $366,501.01 in respect of the Clementi Project.

The Plaintiff complains that there was under-valuation of the work it had
done, that the Defendant had failed to make proper and timely interim payments
under both projects and that the Defendant repudiated the Clementi contract by
persistently failing to make payments under both the Punggol and Clementi
projects. The Plaintiff alleges that it was finally constrained to issue a
letter dated 8 December 2008 to the Defendant giving it notice that its
refusal to make the necessary payments would prevent the Plaintiff from
continuing with the Clementi Project works without the “minimum funds”, and
that if payment was not made within the next 3 days, it would have no
alternative but to stop work. When no payment was made, the Plaintiff stopped
work at the Clementi Project taking the view that the Defendant had repudiated
the contract.

6 These allegations are denied by the Defendant who contends that for the
Punggol Project it was only completed with the substantial financial
assistance from the Defendant; the Plaintiff was not able to provide or supply
sufficient labour, material and/or machinery and/or funds to do so. The
Defendant alleges that it had to supply, _inter alia_ , substantial quantities
of concrete, reinforcement bars and wire mesh to the Plaintiff to enable it to
complete its work. The Plaintiff agreed to the Defendant supplying and
backcharging the Plaintiff for the same and there were considerable sums due
and owing from the Plaintiff to the Defendant as a result of the same. The
Defendant points to the Clementi contract, a contract which was entered into
at a later point in time, where it is specifically provided that the Defendant
was to supply the Plaintiff with material set out in an Appendix (mainly
concrete, reinforcement bars, wire mesh, building material and items like
uniform, clothing, gloves, etc.) at fixed rates, and such sums were to be
deducted from the Plaintiff’s payments or to be recovered as a debt together
with an administration charge of 15% over actual cost and expenses incurred by
the Defendant.

7 The Defendant alleges that the Plaintiff also had problems with his workers
and their payment. The Plaintiff had a total change of skilled carpenters and
benders 5 times since September 2008, their foreman was changed 4 times, it
was always short on manpower and had poor control over its consumption of
material supplied. The Plaintiff fell behind in the progress of their
subcontract works and was in substantial delay by November and December 2008.
It had caused knock-on delays to the Defendant’s downstream works which
included architectural and landscaping works.

8 The Defendant claims it never received the Plaintiff’s letter of 8 December
2008 and alleges it was a fabrication. It also alleges the Plaintiff walked
off the site and stopped work without any justification. It failed to return
to work after receiving due written notice dated 12 December 2008 issued under
Clause 37.1 of the Subcontract Conditions for having wholly suspended carrying
out of their subcontract works and failing to proceed regularly and diligently
with the same. The Defendant issued a letter dated 6 January 2009 terminating
the Clementi contract and entered the site to take over and complete the
Plaintiff’s subcontract works. The Defendant counterclaims for loss, damage
and expense as a result of the Plaintiff’s wrongful repudiation of the
subcontract, backcharges, as well as claims for completion of the Clementi
Project subcontract.

Procedural History

9 Before I go on to my grounds, I need to set out some procedural history and
a limitation, by agreement of the parties, on appeal with respect to my
findings on quantum of backcharges.

10 This is an unfortunate case which came up for hearing when it was not in a
proper state of preparedness for trial. The pleadings left much to be desired,
_eg_ , the Punggol contract was pleaded as an oral contract without any
reference to its terms. The Statement of Claim was all of 13 paragraphs and
bereft of proper particulars or schedules showing the breakdowns. For example,
the Plaintiff’s claim of $433,275.22 for the Punggol Project is pleaded, down
to the cent, and repeated in Tam’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, (“AEIC”),
as follows:

Total value of works carried out under contract: |  $1,112,980.36  
---|---  
Total Amount of variation/additional works: |  $40,714.00  
Add: GST – 7% due: |  $80,758.61  
Minus: |   
Amount paid GTMS as at 3rd November 2007: |  _$801,177.75_  
Grand Total owing: |  _$433,275.22_  
  
  

The Defendant’s case is that the total value of works was $1,054,588.58, not
$1,112,980.36. The variations amounted to $33,780.00 and not $40,714.00. There
was no breakdown or Scott Schedule to show the component items or their
costing, what was agreed and what was not, nor was there any attempt to show
where the differences in quantum lay. The claims and counterclaims were
similarly made up of numerous small sums, and no attempts had been made at
setting them out in Scott Schedules. _Building and construction cases of this
nature, (which also includes shipbuilding or rig construction cases), should
never come for trial in this state. It would result in unnecessary costs being
borne by the parties and it behoves counsel to ensure that such time-consuming
issues are streamlined for efficient resolution_.

11 The one expert witness for the Plaintiff had recommended that for some
disputed items in the Punggol Project, a joint measurement should be taken to
agree upon quantities for work done. Inexplicably, that was not done or even
attempted. The Plaintiff’s Affidavit and exhibits had numbering errors. There
were also gross spelling and grammatical errors. Tam’s AEIC contained a bald
assertion that the work was carried out on “... an agreed unit rate
chargeable.” First, there could not have been only _one_ unit rate agreed
upon. Secondly, nowhere does Tam assert in his AEIC what those unit rates are.
Again, it is not pleaded that monthly progress claims were to be made or how
it was to be carried out. Tam’s AEIC also refers to and exhibits summaries and
tabulations of claims made but there were no supporting documents. There are
allegations that joint measurements were taken, but none were put into the
evidence. It is self evident that any trier of fact faces insurmountable
obstacles in making findings of fact on this kind of evidence, or more
correctly, the lack of it. Mr Thulasidas, counsel for the Defendant was not
slow to emphasize this during the course of the trial and his submissions.

12 I also asked counsel in chambers on the first day of the hearing why there
were no Agreed Bundles of documents, at least agreed as to authenticity. Mr
Magintharan, counsel for the Plaintiff informed me that he had found it
impossible to do so in the short time available. I found that difficult to
comprehend and told him so. Mr Magintharan then said that the Defendant’s
documents, (_ie_ , 5 Arch lever files of Defendant’s documents and 3 Arch
level files for AEICs), “...were quite organised...” and he could use them. Mr
Magintharan had his documents in separate bundles. This approach ends up in
unnecessary duplication of documents. The trial proceeded with two sets of
documents, agreed as to authenticity but not necessarily as to contents,
except for the few that were disputed.

13 I ordered the parties in chambers on the first day of the hearing to:

(a) meet and sort out those items identified in the Plaintiff’s Expert’s
report as items that could be measured and agreed upon, as well as 2
uncertified items – a 600mm open drain with LD grating at $999 and a 900mm
square sump HD cover at $1,050 – which could be easily confirmed by a site
inspection;

(b) put together Scott Schedules for various aspects of their respective
claims; and

(c) put up a proper list of issues.

I also suggested, but did not insist, that they try and settle those small
items below a certain value which would not make economic sense to litigate.
There were innumerable small items, like 6 chin straps at $0.70 each totalling
$4.20, 2 earplugs totalling $1.20, 1 pair of safety boots at $36.80, 3 metal
‘planks’ totalling $72.00, etc. The Plaintiff’s expert also recommended the
parties negotiate on certain rates and I asked parties to consider this too. I
voiced my disappointment to both counsel that they had allowed this case to
come up for hearing in such a sorry state. It would take up an unnecessary
amount of court time and unjustifiably run up the costs for such a modest
claim. However to be fair, I must record that Mr Thulasidas’ case was, except
for those matters set out in this paragraph, in a fair enough shape for the
hearing as compared to the Plaintiff’s.

14 During the course of the first tranche, I noted that the witnesses may not
necessarily have personal knowledge of the documents, some of which were being
disputed, and that there were numerous invoices, delivery orders, requests for
materials, backcharge records and other documents that were generated or
signed by persons who were not called as witnesses. There were also disputes
on various signatures or initials on some documents but none of the makers
were called as witnesses and there was no handwriting expert on hand to
assist. The Plaintiff only had Tam and their Expert, one Yong Yew Chong, as
witnesses and the Defendant only had Tan and their project manager for the
Clementi Project, Koh Tat Weng, (“Koh”). Disputing such documents and arguing
over the correctness of their contents during cross-examination would take up
a disproportionate amount of trial time in relation to the quantum in dispute
and end up being very costly for clients. I suggested, and I must emphasize
without any coercion, that the parties could consider agreeing, as other
parties had done in other construction cases before me, to my carrying out a
binding adjudication on some of these disputed amounts, but it had to be on
condition that I need not give reasons for my decision and that therefore the
parties had to agree they would forego their right to appeal against such
decisions on quantum. This is not an unusual procedure adopted in construction
cases of this nature and especially in view of the foregoing. It is even
adopted in non-construction arbitrations where quantum is a hotly contested or
emotive issue and the parties see the advantage of cost savings in a binding
adjudication or award, without reasons being given for the quantum or damages
arrived at, so that there can be no further appeal or proceedings thereafter
as the aim is to ensure finality.

15 I was pleasantly surprised that when the second tranche commenced some 10
days after the first tranche ended, counsel informed me that the parties had
adopted my suggestion for a binding adjudication on the terms suggested by me
and produced a signed agreement. By this time there was an Agreed List of
Issues and broad agreement on several fronts that could cut down trial time.
Mr Das had produced his side of the Scott Schedules with relevant information
but unfortunately it did not contain the Plaintiff’s responses.

16 With such measures undertaken the parties were able to and did reach
agreement on the claims and counterclaims for the Punggol Project.

**The Punggol Project**

17 For the Punggol Project, the parties had reached agreement as follows:

(a) |  Total Contract Works, \- including Variations, agreed at: |  $1,113,368.58  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Defendant’s backcharges agreed (without GST) at: |  $ 185,000.00  
(c) |  Amount Paid to Plaintiff: |  $ 801,177.74  
(d) |  Agreed outstanding sum due from Defendant to Plaintiff: (inclusive of GST) |  _$ 192,176.64_  
  
  

This was of course subject to a set-off, if any, from any of the sums alleged
to be due from the Plaintiff to the Defendant on the Clementi Project.

The Clementi Project

18 As for the Clementi Project, the parties had reached agreement on the
following:

(a) The Parties had reduced their disputes into 10 Issues which required my
decision.

(b) As for the 10th issue, which was the quantum of the backcharges for the
Clementi Contract, the parties had agreed to a binding adjudication where I
would decide the quantum of the backcharges that the Defendant was entitled to
claim against the Plaintiff. My decision thereon was to be:

(i) final,

(ii) may be without reasons, and

(iii) the parties agreed that there shall be no appeal against my decision on
this issue.

19 Before I deal with the issues, I note that the evidence presented by both
sides is woefully lacking. Witnesses with primary knowledge have not been
called. Cross-examination was incomplete and a lot of the disputed areas were
not properly covered. A lot of the documentation left much to be desired and I
have been tasked to decide these issues on incomplete evidence and cross-
examination. It is just as well that the quantum of backcharges was to be
decided by binding adjudication on the terms set out at [18]. Most of the
issues in this case fall to be decided on the burden of proof, and where
relevant, the demeanour of witnesses and the relevant cross-examination that
was carried out on the affidavits and documents.

Issue 1: Did the Plaintiff’s abandonment or suspension of works on or about 12
December 2008 and thereafter amount to a repudiation of their contract with
the Defendant?

20 As recounted above, the Defendant alleges the Plaintiff failed to proceed
with due diligence, was unable to and/or failed to provide sufficient labour,
had at times drastically reduced manpower on site without any reason or prior
notification to the Defendant, had 5 changes of its skilled carpenters and bar
benders and had changed foreman 4 times since September 2008, had failed to
provide sufficient machinery, funds and/or material and were in substantial
delay by December 2008. The Plaintiff merely denies all this and puts the
Defendant to strict proof without putting forward any positive case other than
stating that the Defendant’s constant under-certification and under payment,
which they say was a repudiation by the Defendant, prevented the Plaintiff
from carrying out or completing its works. On its pleadings, the Plaintiff
says that they did carry out their work properly and averred that the
“…alleged failure to carry out and complete the contractual works, additional
and/or variation works by the Plaintiffs as alleged by the Defendants was
caused wholly and/or substantially by the Defendants.” The Plaintiff futher
averred that “…under the existing circumstances…” they carried out their works
“...to the best of their abilities and despite severe restraints caused by the
Defendants’ failure to make the necessary progress payments.”

21 The Plaintiff has not pleaded, as is often seen in construction disputes,
that there were changes in the scope of works or abortive works caused by
changes that caused a delay to their progress, or that they were delayed in
sequencing of their works by the Defendant’s works.

22 Quite unusually there was no correspondence, site memos or other documents
relating to the above allegations. I have come to the view, upon reviewing the
evidence and hearing the witnesses that unfortunately this was the way these
parties ran their subcontract. The only documentary evidence is as follows:-

(a) The Plaintiff’s letter dated 8 December 2008. As noted above, the
Defendant denies receiving any such letter. This letter states that it had not
received payment for the Punggol and Clementi Projects and it had yet to
receive the final certificate for the Punggol Project and payment of Payment
Certificate No.10 for the Clementi Project. It had caused cash flow problems
for the Plaintiff, and as such it was unable to operate without minimum funds
and had to temporarily stop work at the Clementi site if it did not receive
any payment within 3 days from the date of the letter.

(b) The Plaintiff’s letter dated 12 December 2008 referred to their letter of
8 December 2008 and stated that since the Defendant was ignoring their request
for the release of payment for work done for Punggol Project which was
completed in May 2008 and Payment Certificate No.10 for the Clementi Project,
they had to temporarily deploy their workforce out from Clementi site to
prevent further damage to their financial situation.

(c) The Defendant’s letter dated 12 December 2008, headed “Stoppage of Works
on Site”, which recorded the Plaintiff’s failure to provide any workers and
excavator on site in spite of the Plaintiff’s assurance to do so given that
they were far behind schedule. It stated that the Plaintiff’s unilateral
action to stop works would further jeopardize their already delayed works
which they have been struggling over the last few months to cope with. It then
listed the matters already recounted above, [6], [7] and [20]. It gave notice
to the Plaintiff that their stoppage of works amounted to a repudiatory breach
and required the Plaintiff to resume work on the side by 13 December 2008.
Receipt of this letter is not denied by the Plaintiff.

(d) The Defendant’s letter dated 6 January 2009 notifying the Plaintiff that
their subcontract was being terminated in accordance with Clause 37 of the
Subcontract Conditions as they had abandoned the site since 12 December 2008
and had refused to resume work despite the written notice of 12 December 2008
(referred to above). It also notified the Plaintiff that the Defendant would
employ other subcontractors to complete their works, and any increase in cost,
loss, expense and damages for delay in completion will be set off against any
monies due or recovered from the Plaintiff as a debt. Receipt of this letter
is not denied by the Plaintiff.

23 I set out my assessment on the reliability of the witness evidence later.
At this juncture, I find and hold that on balance, I accept the evidence of
the Defendant.

(a) First, the objective evidence shows the Plaintiff was in delay. The
Plaintiff does not deny that its Contract Completion Date was 6 October 2008.
As noted above, it is not part of the Plaintiff’s case that it was entitled to
extensions to time and for loss and expense. By December 2008, the Plaintiff
was well beyond contract completion and therefore in considerable delay.

(b) Secondly, the Plaintiff’s claim on its pleadings for the Punggol Project
fails to acknowledge that material was supplied by the Defendant for the
Plaintiff’s use to complete the project. The Plaintiff claims $1,112,980.36
for the total value of works carried out under the contract, variations of
$40,714 and acknowledges $801,177.75 was paid to the Plaintiff by the
Defendant as at 3 November 2007\. That was misleading. When settled, as noted
above, the Plaintiff conceded and agreed to a not inconsiderable backcharge of
$185,000. What the Plaintiff could not deny is that from Progress Payment
Certificates Nos.1-15, it had agreed to backcharges set out in those
certificates with a cumulative total of $242,352.52 (Certificate No.16 was the
Final Certificate for the Punggol Project). The Plaintiff signified their
agreement as to the contents by signing on each of these certificates. It is
noteworthy that the Plaintiff’s Expert does not address this issue in his
Expert’s Report. There can only be two reasons: (i) Tam did not tell his
Expert of this fact, or (ii) the Expert was told but, for reasons best known
to him, omitted this very important fact. Insofar as it is necessary, I find
it is the former. Neither alternative does the Plaintiff’s case any good at
all. The Plaintiff’s claim under the Punggol Project for $433,275.22 was an
over exaggeration by a significant enough margin, bearing in mind there was no
claim for loss and expense, but ‘hard’ items against measurable quantities. In
the Clementi Project, the Plaintiff similarly agreed to cumulative backcharges
of $115,460.22 in Certificate of Payment No. 9, (October 2008), by signing on
the same. Yet at trial they disputed every cent. On the 1st day of trial, they
conceded – a figure of $25,610.78 and, I am told by Mr Das that a few days
later, admitted $80,000 of backcharges. This was even though the written
contract for the Clementi Project clearly set out that material would be
supplied to the Plaintiff on terms.

(c) Thirdly, there certainly was proof that the Defendant had to supply or
assist in the purchase not only of material like rebars, concrete and wire
mesh, but a whole host of items like tools, clothing and hardware. This was
the undeniable evidence. It is entirely out of character for a main contractor
to supply its external works subcontractor with items like tools (including
bow saws and blades, sanding and cutting discs), equipment, various pvc pipes,
heavy duty polyfoam, polythene sheets, blue canvas, Hilti chemicals, timber
(_eg_ , 2-inch x 1-inch x 8 foot and 3-inch x 2-inch x 8 foot keruing wood),
plywood, black ink for carpentry (these three items being for its formwork),
clothing (like trousers and rain jackets), helmets, inner liners, cotton
gloves, safety goggles, yellow safety boots, and even items like 2 inch, 2.5
inch, concrete and common nails and galvanised wire. For the Punggol Project,
not only had the Plaintiff had conveniently failed to refer to the
backcharges, it had also failed to explain how it is that the Defendant had to
supply it concrete, rebars or wire mesh for the Plaintiff’s subcontract works.

(d) Fourthly, I accept the evidence of the Defendant, especially Koh, who was
on site as the project manager and whose evidence went largely unchallenged -
that the Plaintiff did not pay their workers regularly and there were times
when their workers wanted to go on strike and stop work (see [41] below).

(e) Fifthly, I also accept the evidence of the Defendant, both documentary and
oral, that it received letters from the Ministry of Manpower over a claim by
an employee _viz_ Mr Chua Yam Seng who worked for the Plaintiff at the Punggol
Project, that he had not been paid for June 2008\. Because the Plaintiff was
not registered with the CIDB, it did not have the local-foreign staff ratio to
hire foreign workers (the Plaintiff did not even have a secretary).
Accordingly, and I accept the Defendant’s evidence on this score, I find that
the Defendant notionally hired 5 workers under their entitlement but to all
intents and purposes, these 5 workers were those of the Plaintiff. The
agreement was that the Plaintiff would pay the levy and all costs incurred by
the Defendant as well as their wages. I accept the Defendant’s evidence that
the Plaintiff failed to reimburse the Defendant’s for the workers’ levy it
paid for the 6 months from September 2008 to February 2009.

24 This brings me to one of Tam’s lies on which he was caught out. There was
evidence of letters from the Defendant to the Plaintiff demanding
reimbursement of these unpaid worker’s levy for September 2008 to February
2009. However, Tam’s contention was that these were the Plaintiff’s workers
seconded to the Defendant and that they were being returned to the Plaintiff
after termination on 12 December 2008. When I asked Tam whether these workers
were nonetheless under his full supervision and control prior to 12 December
2008, he conceded that they were. During Tan’s cross-examination, Tan produced
(Exhibit “D-2” and “D-3”), documents and letters to show that the workers were
actually from Keywinds Construction, a company in which Tam had worked before
as a Project Manager, and it was Tam who requested for a transfer of
employment from Keywinds to the Defendant under the arrangement referred to
above. The evidence showed that after termination, these workers followed the
Plaintiff and worked on another third party site where the Plaintiff had been
engaged to carry out work. This showed up Tam’s lie in claiming that these
workers were no longer with him. I made it a condition to letting in these new
documents that Tam be given the opportunity to go back on to the stand. The
Defendant also offered the Plaintiff the opportunity to put Tam back on the
stand to answer these documents, but Tam did not avail himself of that offer
to clear the air. This was not all there was. There was also evidence to show
that the Defendant made payment to 9 of the Plaintiff’s Chinese workers for 10
and 11 December 2008 through payment vouchers, (1.DBA.1795 to 1802). There was
also evidence of other workers who had not been paid.

25 Because of the evidence, and also as a result of my assessment of the
witnesses’ evidence, which I deal with below, I make the following findings of
fact:

(a) the Plaintiff was in financial difficulty, which was not of the
Defendant’s doing, and the Plaintiff had difficulty providing sufficient
labour, machinery and materials to keep up with its work and was not
proceeding with due diligence in the Clementi Project;

(b) the Plaintiff was not able to apply enough resources and consequently was
in delay which were not of the Defendant’s doing;

(c) the Defendant had to supply or assist with purchases of, eg, concrete,
rebars and wire mesh as well as other items like tools and equipment, gloves,
wood and hardware;

(d) in the Clementi Project, the parties agreed that the Defendant would
supply such items as concrete, reinforcement mesh and reinforcement bars at
fixed rates and backcharge or deduct these sums as a debt from the Plaintiff
(See Clause 9, Particular Specifications, “TKW-1”, p.105, Clause 33 at p.109
imposition of an administrative charge of 15% and Appendix 3 at p.155);

(e) in the Clementi Project, the Defendant supplied and paid for substantial
quantities of concrete, reinforcement mesh and rebars, as well as, but not
limited to, other material and items like tools, equipment, clothing, wood and
hardware. These were supplied pursuant to the Plaintiff’s requests made over
the course of the project, and the Defendant had to exercise restraint to its
detriment in the account balance between the parties to help keep the
Plaintiff afloat and complete the project. To this end, the Defendant had to
withhold charging the full back charges to enable some money to be paid to the
Plaintiff periodically to keep them going;

(f) through the Plaintiff’s poor site control and supervision, there was an
over consumption of such material relative to the work done on site; and,

(g) the Plaintiff also used material supplied by the Defendant for the Punggol
Project.

26 The Plaintiff’s excuse that they were not being paid on the Punggol
Project, being starved of cash flow and under-certification of their works, is
not a valid reason in law for suspending works on the Clementi Project, even
if it were true. In any case, I have found the Plaintiff’s excuse to be
unfounded on the evidence. There are clear authorities to the effect that
unless there is an express provision in the contract to do so, there is no
general right to suspend works for the failure of the employer/main contractor
to make progress payments. One need look no further than Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore, Vol. 2, (Building & Construction), para.30.310 at pg.387; Hudson’s
Building and Engineering Contracts (11th Ed.) pp.623-625, paras. 4.223 and
4.224; _Jia Min Building & Construction Pte Ltd v Ann Lee Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3
SLR(R) 288, citing _Lubenham Fidelities & Investments Co Ltd v South Pembroke
Shire District Council_ (1986) 33 BLR 46; and _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles
Supplies Pte Ltd v Torie Construction Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 901 and _Hiap
Tian Soon Construction Pte Ltd & Anor V Hola Development Pte Ltd & Anor_
[2003] 1 SLR(R) 667\. _A fortiori_ , there is no general right to suspend
works if the under or non-payment is for a different project.

27 I do not think it necessary to make a finding whether the Plaintiff’s
letters of 8 and 12 December 2008 were a fabrication or not. Even if they were
not, this would not change the position at law. However, as this matter is on
appeal, I would have found on balance that they were made up after the fact
and were not sent to the Defendant at the relevant time. My grounds for doing
so are my assessment of the evidence above, and more importantly my assessment
of the evidence of the respective witnesses which I set out below.

28 Having heard the witnesses and considered the evidence, I find as a matter
of fact and law that the Plaintiff wrongfully suspended and abandoned the
works in repudiation of the Clementi Contract on 12 December 2008. This
repudiatory breach by the Plaintiff was accepted by the Defendant on 6 January
2009.

Issue 2: Was the Defendant’s termination of the Plaintiff on 6 January 2008 by
reason of their abandonment or suspension of works lawful?

(i) If so, what are the damages payable by the Plaintiff to the Defendant?

(ii) If not, what are the damages payable by the Defendant to the Plaintiff?

29 The Defendant’s termination of the Plaintiff’s subcontract after giving due
notice under the contract was lawful, and was a result of the Plaintiff’s
wrongful suspension and abandonment of the works at the Clementi site.

30 It follows as a matter of law that the Plaintiff is liable to the Defendant
for all loss and damage arising from their repudiatory breach of the contract.
These damages include:

(a) the cost, loss and expense incurred by the Defendant in completing the
Clementi project;

(b) any other loss and damage that resulted from the Plaintiff’s repudiatory
breach of contract; and

(c) the Defendant is also entitled to set-off any backcharges, cross claims,
claims in abatement or other counterclaims against any sums due to the
Plaintiff.

Issue 3: Are the Plaintiffs entitled to reject the Defendants’ backcharges
simply because the Plaintiffs did not put up a Material Requisition (“MR”)
Form before the Defendants supplied materials, tools etc to them?

31 The Plaintiff contended that they were entitled to reject the Defendant’s
backcharges on the basis that there were no Material Requisition Forms
therefor and which were duly signed by the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff could not
refer to any contractual provision to this effect. Having heard and considered
the evidence, I find and hold that there is no contractual requirement or
consistent practice that the Plaintiff was required to raise or sign a
Material Requisition Form before the Defendant could raise a backcharge or
before the Defendant was to deliver any material, tools or consumables to the
Plaintiff. Moreover, this was not pleaded. Although this is an ‘agreed issue’
it is not covered by the Plaintiff’s pleadings. As noted above, the
Plaintiff’s Reply and Defence to Counterclaim merely denied those portions of
the Defence and Counterclaim in relation to the backcharges and put the
Defendant to strict proof. The Plaintiff did not raise any positive case other
than in paragraph 15 of its Reply and Defence to Counterclaim, where it
alleged the cumulative backcharges were wrongfully and/or unilaterally imposed
by the Defendant and were in any even manifestly excessive. The Plaintiff also
pleaded that these backcharges were penalties and therefore unenforceable in
law. These pleaded points were not taken up either in the evidence, _eg_ ,
adducing evidence to show the prices charged were so manifestly high, or in
final submissions. Nor were any authorities submitted in support of such a
surprising contention that backcharges could be penalties and unenforceable.
The answer to this issue is therefore ‘No.’

Issue 4: Did the Plaintiff carry out any work on the Clementi Contract after
11 December 2008?

32 Having heard the witnesses, including Mr Tam’s unconvincing answers in
cross-examination on this issue and in general, and having considered the
evidence, I find and hold that the Plaintiff wholly suspended works and had
all but abandoned the site on the 12 December 2008\. Although the transcript
does not bear this out clearly due to concurrent talking, when Tam was asked
if his workers, his excavator and all his tools were still on site on the 12
December 2008, Tam’s answer was that he was and his excavator was still at
site. He did not say they were all working on the 12 December 2008. His manner
and tone of answering that question was hesitant and unsure. In fact, he said
at first that his last day of work was on 11 December. He then paused, seemed
to reflect on it momentarily and then changed his mind and said it was in fact
on the 12 December. I find and hold that no work was carried out on 12
December 2008 itself and no work was carried out on site by the Plaintiff
after 11 December 2008. The answer to this issue is therefore ‘No.’

Issue 5: What is the value of work completed by the Plaintiffs at the date the
Clementi Contract was terminated by the Defendants on 6 January 2009?

33 The Plaintiff claims that it completed work of up to $471,639.40 in value
up to 12 December 2008. The Defendant denies this, alleging that the Plaintiff
only completed $289,739.20 in value of its subcontract works as of 12 December
2008, comprising about 52% of their subcontract works. The Plaintiff’s expert,
Mr Yong Yew Yong (“Yong”), a quantity surveyor by profession, valued the work
done by the Plaintiff up to 12 December 2008 at $422,176.20.

34 No joint survey was carried out to agree on the state of the work done up
to 12 December 2008. Tam alleges he did site measurements at the relevant time
but no documents or evidence were put forward by him. I have no hesitation in
rejecting his evidence on this score – if he did do as he alleged, I am sure
he would have produced the relevant documentary evidence to back up his claim.
Moreover, he would have made them available to his expert witness, Yong. What
was available at the trial were two sets of photographs, one by each side,
claiming that it showed the subcontract works as at 12 December 2008.

35 It is noteworthy that the Plaintiff has failed to produce any documents in
support of its claim – no invoices, no payroll records, no DOs, no POs, no
accounts, no site records, etc to substantiate its claim. What the Plaintiff
has produced is Progress Claims, as noted above, unsupported by any documents.
He candidly admitted this in cross-examination. Although the transcript
records “(No audible answer)”, my notes record Tam as saying: “Agree no
documents to support this.” Tam said whenever he made a progress claim, he did
not put in any supporting documents.

36 Tam admitted that he had adduced no documents to substantiate any of his
payment claims and the only evidence he relied upon was Yong’s evidence and
the Defendant’s payment certificates when it suited him (which were, for the
early COPs without documentary or other substantiation). I should perhaps
mention at this juncture that some of these Progress Claims have different
dates and different amounts. At least one was wrongly numbered. For example,
COP 10 (dated 31 October 2008) given on 29 July 2009 had the figure
$88,043.56, but COP 10 (dated 30 November 2008) given on 13 November 2009 had
a figure of $348,473.37 as well as another corresponding to the earlier COP
10, and COP 10 (dated 30 October 2008) mentioned in Tam’s AEIC had reverted
back to $88,043.56.

37 I now deal with the evidence of Yong, a quantity surveyor by profession and
the Plaintiff’s expert. Having heard and considered the expert evidence of
Yong on the valuation of work done by the Plaintiff up to 12 December 2008, I
find him to be a less than satisfactory witness.

(a) As an expert, he held on to views that were clearly untenable, even when
shown that his basis or assumptions were wrong. He was not objective and
impartial as an expert should be. He was also hesitant at times and there were
not a few unduly and uncomfortably long pauses before he answered. My finding
is that he was not at all familiar and uncomfortable with some of the evidence
he presented.

(b) To be fair, he was only instructed sometime in March 2010 and by this time
all the Plaintiff’s subcontract works had long been completed. He worked off
photographs supplied by the Plaintiff and two site inspections which were
“...solely to appreciate a superficial view of the constructed works as
compared with the Progress Photos...” with the Plaintiff.

(c) Yong did not do any measurement himself, generally applied quantities and
rates which the Defendant gave him and accepted that he would not know, except
for what the Defendant told him, whether any particular piece of finished work
was carried out by the Defendant or some other party. He had to admit that he
was not in a position to know whether the quantities in his report were true
quantities; his answer in this respect was “I agree, because I did not go down
to site to see.” (Transcript, 4 May 2010, pages 35, line 16). He also gave a
very feeble excuse for not going or suggesting to Tam that he should go on
site to do measurements, _viz_ , the drains were very extensive and they were
covered. He admitted that as a quantity surveyor, there were ways of getting
around such obstacles.

(d) I found it surprising that Yong did not include any HDB or JTC unit rates
as comparison in his report. He admitted during cross-examination that he did
not have these unit rates. These are common and well known unit rates in the
building industry. They would at least be an approximate reference point for
some of the kind of work being carried out.

(e) Many of his propositions were successfully challenged by Mr Das during
cross-examination and Yong retracted fairly major conclusions and assessments
made by him; _eg_ , on a visual inspection of a photograph Mr Das successfully
challenged Yong’s view that the amphitheatre was 87% complete and had to agree
that the Defendant’s assessment of 40% was more accurate and correct. On
another occasion, he had to concede after an embarrassingly long pause that
his assessment of 100%, _ie_ , that that particular piece of work had been
completed, was wrong. Under cross-examination, he agreed that some of his
other estimates of work done, (eg, Linkway 1, Linkway 2, covered block
entrance at Blocks 317 and 318), were incorrect.

(f) Yong also acknowledged having seen the contract conditions, and despite
the Plaintiff not giving him any evidence claiming variations in accordance
with the contract conditions, he went ahead to conclude that the variations
were payable. He admitted he even did so without doing any measurements
himself. He claimed to have workings on his quantities, but did not produce
them.

I therefore cannot accept his evidence as it is quite unreliable, and I reject
his expert view that the value of work done by the Defendant up to 12 December
2008 was $422,176.20, (without GST).

38 Having heard his evidence and considered the documents, I find the evidence
of Mr Tam also unsatisfactory. I highlight some of these instances:

(a) He was illogical in quite a few of his answers, agreeing with counsel on
various premises which would inevitably lead to his having to agree with the
final conclusion, but when that conclusion was put to him he just disagreed
without any reasons.

(b) Having heard his own expert concede various claims, he said he disagreed
with his own expert, giving no reasons and ignoring the fact that he had not
put forward any documents to substantiate his claims. His expert agreed that
the breakdowns of the 3 components of the contract price, _ie_ , of the total
contract sum of $547,900, concrete, rebars and formwork would comprise about
$341,418, tools, equipment and others would comprise about $69,577 and labour
would comprise $136,905. However, Tam disagreed with his own expert.

(c) He claims he gave his expert witness all the drawings including the
revised drawings, but Yong does not refer to any revised drawings in his
reports.

(d) As noted above, his evidence on the 5 workers was shown to be a total
fabrication. I find that having failed to pay their levies, he concocted a
story which was shown to be a total fabrication by Exhibit “D-2” and
especially Exhibit “D-3”. Although he was offered a chance to explain himself,
Mr Tam did not avail himself of the opportunity of going back into the witness
box to refute these documents which were tendered during Mr Denis Tan’s cross-
examination, which were in turn a refutation of the claim made by Mr Tam in
his cross-examination.

(e) I also found some of his answers very unacceptable for someone who was
supposed to have been in the building industry for 20 years. He acknowledges
the contract provisions in relation to Variation Claims, he admits not
complying with the procedure (which is in the nature of a condition precedent
to entitlement) for making Variation Claims, yet he insists he is entitled to
make those claims in court. Again he insisted that his Progress Claims could
be made without supporting documents. As noted above, Mr Tam has not produced
any invoices, POs, or DOs to prove his claims.

(f) He also insisted that his Progress Claims could be made without supporting
documents. He totally ignored the fact that both under the contract and in
fact he was being supplied material like concrete, rebars and wire mesh, items
for which he would be backcharged.

(g) I also find it very telling that for a subcontractor doing the work that
he had to do, that in addition to the major material like concrete, rebars and
wire mesh, as noted above, Tam even had to get minor items like sanding and
cutting discs, saws and saw blades, trousers, jackets, safety helmets, inner
lining, gloves and even nails, screws and wire from the Defendant.

(h) I also find it telling that for this subcontract, with a completion date
of October 2008, under COP 10, which was signed by Tam, the subcontract work
done up to the end of October 2008 was $265,339. Tam agreed with this. Under
its subcontract, the lumpsum price, which had been broken down into 24 items,
was $547,900. At the contract completion date, the Plaintiff had only carried
out about 48% of its work on these figures.

39 Having heard his evidence and considered the documents, I accept the
Defendant’s Mr Denis Tan’s evidence. He gave his answers in a straightforward
manner, he was forthright and gave his evidence without hesitation. I accept
his evidence that he gave these subcontract jobs to Mr Tam because of their
friendship and past working relationship in a previous company. I found Mr
Denis Tan to be a truthful witness. I accept his evidence, especially on the
many versions of COP 10 and how they came about, and the fact that he had to
withhold backcharges to keep the Plaintiff going. The evidence is consistent
with his helping, or more correctly, nursing the Plaintiff along so that it
could carry out its subcontract works.

40 I also accept the Defendant’s photographs of work done as at 12 December
2008 as correct and I do not accept the Plaintiff’s photographs which I find
and hold were taken at a different time. The Defendant’s photographs were
contained in the computer of the Defendant’s then project QS, Mr Kang. Mr Kang
took the photographs on 12 December 2008 at the instructions of Koh (see
below). Mr Kang had later left the Defendant’s employ. During the preparation
for the trial, Tan said they looked at another employee, Darren’s computer and
Koh’s computer but did not think of looking into Mr Kang’s computer. It was
later discovered in Mr Kang’s computer where he had “tied it to the progress
payment.” Although there was a dispute over their admission into the evidence,
it was eventually resolved and Mr Magin was given the right to inspect the
computer to see the manner in which it was recorded, the date and time when it
was downloaded and whether there was anything in that computer which would
have suggested otherwise. Mr Magin did not subsequently dispute or otherwise
object to these photographs after having viewed them in the Plaintiff’s
computer which the Defendant contends shows, and I accept, that they were
taken on 12 December 2008. I find and hold that the Defendant’s photographs
were taken on and reflect the state of the works as at 12 December 2008.

41 Having heard his evidence and considered the documents, I accept the
evidence of Koh, and find that he is a witness of truth. His evidence was
given simply and without any embellishment. His evidence was unshaken in
cross-examination. In fact his cross-examination was very brief, (it only took
up 7 pages and 6 lines of the 8th page of transcript), and much of his
evidence went effectively unchallenged. My findings on his evidence are as
follows:

(a) Koh was the project manager for the Clementi Project, of which the
Plaintiff’s subcontract works formed only a part, right from the beginning.
After about 1 year on the project, he left the Defendant for another company
for about 9 months or so and returned to the Defendant’s employ around April
2008. He was back on the Clementi Project from July 2008, where he assisted
the then project manager, Mr Kwen Wai Chin; and when Mr Kwen left, Koh took
over again as project manager of the Clementi Project from September 2008. I
therefore find that he had the requisite detailed knowledge of the project as
well as the Plaintiff’s work.

(b) In his AEIC, Koh deposes that he has read Tan’s AEIC and he “confirms and
adopts the contents thereof in so far as it relates to the Clementi Project.”
This was ineffectively challenged with only two questions, one of which was
whether Koh had any discussions with Tan as to why he was required to file an
affidavit to support the Defendant’s case. Koh’s answer was straightforward
and sincere: he did not ask why he had to, “[i]t came from within myself”, he
had worked for the Defendant for many years and ‘grew up’ with it, and when
“things like this happened”, he was asked and he agreed to help because he was
not asked to “talk about things that [were] not true.” (see Transcript 21 May
2010, pages 99 and 100). The second question was to put to Koh - that his
whole evidence in his affidavit was not true and a biased statement in support
of the Defendant’s case. Koh denied this. I must say that there was no real
foundation for this second question. No questions were asked of Koh which
showed some of his evidence was perhaps not true or that some of his evidence
was biased. In fact all the questions not only did not damage Koh’s
credibility, it reinforced the truthfulness of his evidence.

(c) I also accept the evidence of Koh when in spontaneously answering a
question, he spoke about how the Plaintiff had problems paying their employees
and how he tried to mediate with the staff. Koh even asked Tan to help pay
some of the worker’s salaries. He showed a familiarity with their names and
referring to them unhesitatingly as “Ah Ting”, “Ah Chiang”, “Ah Lek”, “Kumar”
and “Rajan”. These were some of the employees who had problems collecting
their salaries from the Plaintiff. He knew them well and was confident if he
was shown photographs he would readily identify them.

(d) Mr Magintharan objected paragraphs 4 and 5 of Koh’s affidavit where he
identifies certain signatures as those belonging to workers employed by the
Plaintiff and those by the Defendant. Mr Magintharan objected that Koh’s
evidence amounted to opinion. Mr Das argued that it was not opinion evidence
because in paragraph 4, Koh stated that he had witnessed these persons signing
documents for material received for and on behalf of the Plaintiff. I
overruled the objections and told Mr Magintharan that he was free to challenge
Koh on how he was so familiar or sure of the makers of the signature.

(e) I accepted the evidence given by Koh under cross-examination, _viz_ , that
such requests for material and signatures therefor actually went through him
when the supervisors were not around. I accept his evidence that he did this a
few times and readily admitted it was not an everyday affair. But, as I found
above, he knew all these people well: Ah Lek, Kumar, Ding (“Ting”), Rajan and
Ah Chiang. I also accept Koh’s evidence that these 5 employees were authorised
by Tam to receive and sign for material, tools, equipment, etc from the
Defendant.

(f) I find that Koh’s confirmation and corroboration of Tan’s AEIC has not
been discredited and I accept his evidence on this score.

42 Whilst I accept the Defendant’s evidence generally, and note its detailed
claim that the value of work done by the Plaintiff, as at 12 December 2008,
was $289,739.20 (without GST) with a detailed breakdown set out in “DT-1”,
page 1816, that document is not backed up by any working papers or notes or
other documentation to show the quantities and how they were arrived at. I
note there are contrary pieces of evidence by the Defendant’s QS, Mr Kang.
There were 3 draft COP 10s, in which Mr Kang had put the value of contract
works at $325,004.95, $317,879.95 and $309,329.95, (all 3 of which
consistently valued the Variations at $13,695.95 without GST ($14,654.67 with
GST). It was alleged, and it was not denied, that Mr Kang was the Defendant’s
project QS. Doing the best I can on the state of the evidence, I find and hold
that the amount of work done by the Plaintiff, as at 12 Dec 2008 to be the
average of these three draft valuations put up by Mr Kang: $317,404.95 without
GST ($339,623.30 with GST).

Issue 6: What is the value of the variation works carried out by the
Plaintiffs under the Clementi Contract?

Issue 7: Are the alleged variation works claimed by the Plaintiffs claimable
as variations bearing in mind the requirements of Clause 20.3 of the Clementi
Contract?

43 Issues 6 and 7 can be conveniently dealt together. The Plaintiff claimed
Variations, by way of additional work, of $48,100 under 22 items. This
includes 8 “updated” variation claims put forward by the Plaintiff’s expert,
Yong (VO.15-22). The Defendant accepts Variations, issued in writing through
drawings, amounting $10,539.50 (without GST), (COP 11, “DT-1”, pg.158). The
Defendant contends, and it is not disputed, that variation claims 15 to 22
were only made when Yong filed his AEIC. The Plaintiff has failed to produce
in court any VOs in writing or drawings showing any Variations for Items 7,
9-14 and the new ‘Variation Claims’ Items 15-22. The Plaintiff has also failed
to prove that abortive works were done by it before they were omitted.

44 Clause 20.3 stipulates by way of a condition precedent certain procedure to
be followed before the Plaintiff is entitled to make a claim for a Variation.
This was clearly not complied with. Yong also acknowledged this binding and
clear provision in the contract. As noted above, on the pleadings, the
Plaintiff denies the contract terms, puts the Defendant to strict proof
thereof but pleads no positive case. In the Final Submissions, the Plaintiff
submits that Clause 20.3 was waived by the parties by their course of conduct
and relies on 3 points at paragraph 73 of their Final Submissions. None of
these points have been made out. On the facts I find that there was no waiver
of Clause 20.3. Further, more importantly, such an allegation was not pleaded.

45 However, I note that in COP 9, the Variation works accepted by the
Defendant (“DT-1” pg.179), amounted to $13,695.95. As noted above, the 3 draft
versions of COP 10 consistently stated the Variations at this same figure.
Having heard the evidence of the witnesses and considering the evidence, I
find and hold that the Plaintiff is entitled to Variations amounting to
$13,695.95 without GST ($14,654.67 with GST).

Issue 8: What is the value of the materials, equipment and tools supplied by
the Defendants to the Plaintiffs pursuant to Clause 9 of the Particular
Specifications (read with Appendix 3) of the Clementi Contract?

46 Based on the way the evidence has been presented and on the Closing
submissions of counsel, this issue is subsumed under Issue 10. Both counsel
agreed with this.

Issue 9: What are the costs and expenses incurred by the Defendants by reason
of the Plaintiffs’ failure to complete the Clementi Contract?

47 Having heard the witnesses and considered the evidence, I find and hold
that the costs and expenses incurred by the Defendant to complete the Clementi
Project after the Plaintiff abandoned the works amounts to the sum of
$275,245.98 without GST ($294,513.20 with GST). I note in passing that this
issue should also be subsumed under Issue 10. This was also agreed to by
counsel.

Issue 10: The parties have agreed that of the sum of $115,460.22 being the
cumulative backcharges in COP 1 to 9 in the Clementi Contract are agreed at
$80,000.00 without GST ($85,600 with GST). This leaves the issue of the
balance sum of backcharges of $512,117.57 ($478,614.55 x 1.07) against the
Plaintiffs being the total backcharges claimed by the Defendants’ Backcharges
Tax Invoice Nos. 255 & 264 in the Clementi Contract?

48 Having heard the witnesses and considered the evidence, I find that there
are significant overlaps and duplication in the backcharges. Doing the best I
can on largely unexplained and incomplete evidence, I assess the remaining
backcharges, (other than the $275,245.98 under Issue 9, the cost and expense
of completing the Clementi Project), at $43,673.71 without GST ($46,730.87
with GST).

Judgment and Orders:

49 Insofar as it is necessary, I find that the Plaintiff has failed to prove
its claim for additional payment under its invoice No.07048-01 for $2,965 for
the following reasons:

(a) Mr Das objected to cross-examination on this subject as it was for
services rendered in the Punggol Project and that project was settled.

(b) At that point of time the Agreed List of Issues was not yet finalised. Mr
Magintharan stopped cross-examination on that subject and said he would
discuss the same with Mr Das and sort it out. When the final Agreed List of
Issues was handed up to me, it did not have this item as an issue, (see
Transcript, 19 May 2010, page 78, line 16 to page 79, line 9). Yet it appears
to be a claim in Mr Magintharan’s Plaintiff’s Final Submissions.

(c) Under cross-examination, Tan never admitted this claim; on the contrary he
said the Defendant did not admit the claim, the Defendant rejected the claim
and could not understand this claim which was not submitted at that point of
time. Those were his words, which I accept as true.

(d) Paragraph 75 of the Plaintiff’s Final Submission is another prime example
of the Plaintiff’s sloppy work:

(i) it makes a statement of what a witness allegedly said which is not true,

(ii) it puts in quotes words that were not said and do not appear on the
transcript,

(iii) the page references are wrong, it should not be PBD 213 and 214 but
rather PBD 192 and 193, and

(iv) the figure claimed $2,423.55, said to include GST is wrong as PBD 192
shows a figure of $2965.00 without GST and $3,172.55 with GST and the
pleadings claim $2,965.

(see Transcript, 19 May 2010, page 76, line 19 to page 78, line 15; see
Amended Statement of Claim, paragraph 8, sub-paragraph a under Particulars).

The Plaintiff’s claim for its Invoice No.07048-01 for $2,965 is therefore
dismissed.

50 I found some of the figures used in final submissions confusing because
there were typographical errors on some figures and because some were with and
others without GST. I therefore gave counsel a draft brief judgment and asked
them to correct the figures only for such arithmetical errors and GST
applications to ensure uniformity. Having had these corrections made, I
therefore made the following orders and entered judgments, as follows:-

(i) _Punggol Project_ : By agreement, there will be judgment entered in favour
of the Plaintiff for $192,176.63 (inclusive of GST);

(ii) _Clementi Project_ : There will be judgment entered in favour of the
Defendant for the sum of $247,998.91 without GST ($265,358.83 with GST),
arrived at as follows:

_Amount due to Plaintiff_ : |  _without GST_ |  _with GST_  
---|---|---  
Work Completed up to 12.12.08: |  $317,404.95 |  $339,623.30  
Variations: |  _$ 13,695.95_ + |  _$ 14,654.67_ +  
Sub total: |  _$331,100.90_ |  _$354,277.97_  
Less Payment made to Plaintiff: |  _$180,180.12_ - |  _$192,792.73_ -  
Total Due to Plaintiff: |  _$150,920.78_ |  _$161,485.24_  
_Amount due to Defendant_ :  
Amount incurred to complete Project: |  $275,245.98 |  $294,513.20  
Backcharges: |  $ 43,673.71 |  $ 46,730.87  
Agreed Backcharges in COP 9: |  _$ 80,000.00_ + |  _$ 85,600.00_ +  
Sub total: |  _$398,919.69_ |  _$426,844.07_  
After set off,  
Final Amount due to Defendant: |  _$247,998.91_ |  _$265,358.83_  
  
  

(iii) In the result, after setting off the respective judgment sums, the
Plaintiff must pay the Defendant $68,394.58 without GST ($73,182.20 with GST).

51 Having heard counsel and their submissions on interest and costs, I gave
judgment, for the Punggol Project:

(i) interest at 5.33% p.a. on $192,176.63 payable to the Plaintiff by the
Defendant from the date of the Writ to the date of judgment;

(ii) there shall be no order as to costs as the sums claimed by the Plaintiff
were exorbitant, the quantum could have been settled earlier if not for the
Plaintiff’s stand and in the end it was settled by the parties mid-way through
the trial;

and for the Clementi Project:

(iii) interest at 5.33% p.a. on $426,844.07 payable by the Plaintiff to the
Defendant from the date of filing of the counterclaim to the date of judgment;
thereafter interest will run at 5.33% p.a. on $73,182.20 payable by the
Plaintiff to the Defendant from the date of judgment to the date of payment;
and

(iv) the Defendant is awarded ? of its costs for the counterclaim, such costs
to be agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

