Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chua June Ching Michelle _v_ Chai Hoi Tong and others  
[2011] SGHC 180

Case Number| :| Suit No 377 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edwin Lee and Joni Tan (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiff;
Samuel Chacko and Angeline Soh (Legis Point LLC) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chua June Ching Michelle — Chai Hoi Tong and others  
  
29 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 “Adverse possession” is the law that recognises one’s claim to ownership of
soil and plaster he knows do not belong to him. That law will become obsolete
in time. This case is a relic from a past not affected by the change in law,
and concerns the ownership of a property located at 89 Amoy Street, Singapore
069908 described as lot number TS3-99095P in the lot base system operated by
the Singapore Land Authority (“the Property”). Chua June Ching Michelle (“the
Plaintiff”) and Chai Hoi Tong (“the Defendant”) are rival claimants to the
Property, both claiming by the doctrine of adverse possession. The 2nd, 3rd
and 4th defendants did not enter an appearance in the action, and were not
involved in the proceedings at trial.

2 The history of this case so far as it can be proved or was undisputed showed
that on 13 June 1936, a Statutory Declaration declared Tan Seang Guat Neo the
owner of the Property by way of adverse possession. Tan Seang Guat Neo bears
no relation to either the Plaintiff or the Defendant. The Plaintiff and
Defendant could not agree on what happened thereafter. The Plaintiff’s version
of the story was as follows. Tan Seang Guat Neo leased the Property to the
Defendant’s predecessors for $840 a year. On 23 October 1936, and after the
lease was granted, Tan Seang Guat Neo mortgaged the Property to the
Plaintiff’s grandmother, one Goh Tim Hneo (“the Plaintiff’s grandmother”).
Subsequent to the grant of the mortgage, the Defendant’s predecessors paid the
rent to Goh Tim Hneo. It was not known why the “rent” of $840 was collected by
Goh Tim Hneo (the mortgagee) rather than Tan Seang Guat Neo (the registered
owner), but in any event this showed that if Goh Tim Hneo was to have any
claim to ownership of the Property, she would have to establish her claim by
way of adverse possession, and significantly, the Plaintiff cannot have a
better claim through her predecessors than her present claim (also based on
adverse possession). Tan Seang Guat Neo and/or her successors, if any, did not
made any claim over the Property and in light of this, it is not necessary to
determine the effect of the mortgage on the claims of either party.

3 The Plaintiff’s grandmother granted a power of attorney to the Plaintiff’s
father, one Chua Eng Cheong (“the Plaintiff’s father”) on 24 January 1951.
From that time on, the Plaintiff’s father collected the “rent” from the
Defendant’s predecessors. The Plaintiff’s grandmother died in 1955 and the
Plaintiff’s father died in 1971. The Plaintiff’s case was that from 1971,
until December 2008, she had been collecting payments by way of rent from the
Defendant amounting to $840 a year, and her adverse possession claim rests on
her assertion that she was the landlord of the Property. I will hereafter
refer to the $840 payments as “the Payments” as a neutral term rather than
“rent”.

4 The Defendant’s version of the facts differed from the Plaintiff’s in
several important respects. He disputed that the Payments were made, and also
the nature of the Payments. He claimed that if the Payments were made, they
were not rental payments but financial assistance. He testified that the
Plaintiff’s father was in financial difficulty from as early as 1956, and
frequently sought financial assistance from the Defendant’s own father, who
generously offered $840 a year for that purpose. The Defendant’s father was
one of two partners in a partnership known as Kwong Thye Hin, which had its
business premises at the Property and had as its other partner one Chai Xing.
Upon the Defendant’s father’s death, the Defendant took over his share of the
partnership. Chai Xing has since passed away and the partnership has since
been dissolved.

5 On 11 September 2008, the Defendant filed Originating Summons No 1183 of
2008 (“the application”), ex parte, for a court order to grant him title to
the Property as adverse possessor as against the 2nd to 4th defendants (“the
defendants”) named in the counterclaim in the present proceedings. The
Plaintiff was not named as a defendant to that application. The Defendant
claimed that he was unable to locate the defendants, and he was allowed to
serve the application by substituted service. He placed advertisements in two
local newspapers (the Straits Times and Lianhe Zaobao) on 26 September 2008
giving notice of the application. However, the Plaintiff claimed that she
received no notice of the application and thus did not attend the hearing. The
Defendant was granted a declaration by an _ex parte_ Order of Court dated 16
October 2008 (“the Order of Court”) that he was the owner of the Property and
the building erected thereon by reason of his adverse possession of the
Property for a continuous period of 12 years prior to 1 March 1994. He
subsequently procured the registration of title to the Property in his name on
18 December 2008. On 6 April 2009, the Plaintiff lodged Caveat No IB/325458M
against the Property, and when the Defendant sought to remove the caveat, she
initiated the present proceedings.

6 The Plaintiff claimed that the Order of Court was irregularly or
fraudulently obtained. Before this court, she sought a declaration that the
Order of Court be set aside on the grounds that it was obtained _ex parte_.
The Plaintiff also sought an order that the Defendant’s title to the Property
be extinguished and the land-register be rectified by cancelling the
registration on the grounds of fraud. The Plaintiff further sought a
declaration that she was the owner of and was entitled to all the rights and
title to and possession of the Property, and an order that the Registrar of
Titles registered her as the proprietor of the Property. In his counterclaim,
the Defendant prayed for an order that the Caveat against the Property be
removed, that the Registrar of Land Titles be directed to remove and/or
expunge the Caveat from the land register, and for damages to be assessed.

7 To succeed, a party has to show both that he or she had adversely possessed
the Property as against the paper owner Tan Seang Guat Neo (who did not enter
appearance), and that he or she had adversely possessed the Property against
the other. Order 32 rule 6 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed)
provides that an _ex parte_ order may be set aside in the interests of
justice, if the party who was not heard wishes to object. One of the grounds
for the setting aside of _ex parte_ orders is that the applicant did not make
full and frank disclosure of material facts in his application (see _Nikkomann
Co Pte Ltd v Yulean Trading Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 328). Here, the Plaintiff
alleged that the Defendant deliberately did not disclose the material fact
that he paid rent to her in respect of the Property in his _ex parte_
application. The nature of that payment was an important issue before me. I
shall revert to this issue shortly.

8 Indefeasibility of the registered title is an important feature of the
system of land registration. An exception to this indefeasibility is the
court’s power to order rectification of the land-register if it is satisfied
that a registration was procured through fraud, omission or mistake, as stated
in s 160(1)(b) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed). In this case,
the Plaintiff claimed that the Defendant had been dishonest in procuring the
registration of the Property in his name, because he had deliberately not
disclosed that he had paid rent to her in respect of the Property. As stated
in _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Bebe bte Mohammad_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 884 at [34]
—

The hallmark of fraud is dishonesty or moral turpitude, which usually stems
from greed, and greed simply means taking something of value which does not
belong to you.

9 Under s 50 of the Land Titles Act 1993 (Act No 27 of 1993) (“LTA 1993”)
which came into effect in Singapore on 1 March 1994, acquisition of title by
adverse possession was effectively abolished. However, the LTA 1993 contained
transitional provisions (see s 174(8)) to preserve the rights which had
already crystallised prior to 1 March 1994. While s 174(8) is not found in the
edition of the Land Titles Act in force today, _ie_ the Land Titles Act 2004
(Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA 2004”), it survives and operates by virtue of s 5
of the Revised Edition of the Laws Act (Cap 275, 1995 Rev Ed). To this date,
the Property is unregistered land, and thus s 50 of the LTA 2004 does not
operate to preclude claims of adverse possession that crystallised before 1
March 1994. Therefore, if 12 continuous years of adverse possession had been
completed prior to 1 March 1994, the right of ownership over the Property
would be preserved by s 174(8) of the LTA 1993 read with s 9 of the Limitation
Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed).

10 At common law, two elements have to be proved in order to substantiate a
claim of adverse possession. The first is factual possession, which must be
“open, adverse and exclusive” (_Elements of Land Law_ (Kevin Gray and Susan
Francis Gray) (OUPS, 5th Ed) at p 1180 – 1185), and the second is the _animus
possidendi_ – the intention to possess. One issue that has to be dealt with at
the outset is whether “factual possession” must be proved by physical
occupation of the Property. The Plaintiff did not rely on physical possession
of the Property but on the claim that she had received the Payments which were
in the nature of rent from December 1971 till December 2008, a period of 37
years. In other words, the Plaintiff claimed that she was the landlord of the
Property, and that the Defendant was merely her tenant. The Defendant in
contrast, based his claim to the Property on the fact that he had been in
continuous physical occupation of the land since 1965.

11 It is generally accepted that factual possession requires “a sufficient
degree of _physical_ custody and control” (_Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of
Singapore Land Law_ (Tan Sook Yee, Tang Hang Wu and Kelvin K F Low)
(LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009) at page 824). However, “physical” custody and
control may require elaboration.

12 Physical occupation of land is neither a necessary nor a sufficient
condition for possession in law because a person may in law be in “possession”
of land without asserting his physical presence on it. “Possession” and
“occupation” are distinct concepts. The common law is replete with examples.
(See, _eg_ , _Western Australia v Ward_ (2002) 213 CLR 1 at [518]; and
_Nicholson v Samuel Property Management Ltd_ (2002) 217 DLR (4th) 292 at
[14])). In Singapore, the Court of Appeal held in _Soon Peng Yam & Anor
(trustees of the Chinese Swimming Club) v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1995] 1 SLR(R)
279 (“ _Soon Peng Yam”_), that “a possessor need not personally be in
occupation of the land to be in factual possession or to have the requisite
_animus possidendi_ ” (at [14]). While factual possession implies an
“appropriate degree of physical control” (at [11]), it could be assumed, for
example, by the collection of rent:

14 ...factual possession is constituted by a possessor “dealing with the land
in question as an occupying owner might have been expected to deal with it”.
_This clearly contemplates physical possession but it certainly encompasses
much more. It is the exercise of acts of ownership which is crucial. Receipt
of rent_ or grant of licence in respect of the property by the respondent
_would be an act of ownership_ which is adverse to the title of the club...

[emphasis added]

If acts of ownership are of paramount importance, it would be unduly
restrictive to insist that physical occupation be the sole criterion of
factual possession. It is acts of ownership that reflect the nature of adverse
possession – the doctrine under which ownership of land passes from the paper
owner to an adverse possessor.

13 The Plaintiff claimed that she exercised an act of ownership by collecting
rent from the Defendant. She claimed that the Payments had been collected by
her as rent, from the Defendant since 1971. The Plaintiff testified that the
Payments had been made by way of cheque from 1971 to 1990, but she only
tendered two cheques in evidence made out by Kwong Thye Hin (for the years
1984 and 1989). Since the Payments were allegedly collected at the end of the
year, it would be sufficient for the Plaintiff to show that Payments had been
tendered for a total of 12 years from the end of 1981 to the end of 1993 (“the
relevant period”).

14 In relation to the relevant period, the Plaintiff adduced:

(a)

bank passbook records from 1984 to 1988, and 1990;

(b)

two cheques for the years 1984 and 1989; and

(c)

receipts handwritten by one Chua Kah Lock (“the Plaintiff’s brother”) from
1981 to 1994.

With regard to (a), there were two sets of bank passbook records, the first of
which was an account held jointly by the Plaintiff and her mother, which was
operated by the Plaintiff. Sums of $840 were deposited by cheque in 1984 and
by cash in 1985. The second set of records was an account held jointly by the
Plaintiff and her brother, which showed that payments of $840 were deposited
by cheque in 1986, 1987, 1988 and 1990. For the years where there was no bank
record of a sum of $840 being deposited, the Plaintiff claimed that she used
the money to pay for her household expenses. I accept this as a reasonable
explanation. With regard to (c), on the face of each of the documents was
stated that it was a receipt for rent received from Kwong Thye Hin for a
specified period. The Defendant had two objections to the purported receipts.
First, he claimed that they were of doubtful probative value because they were
made out to Kwong Thye Hin and not him personally. However, he had admitted
under cross-examination that owing to his stake in the partnership, receipts
issued to Kwong Thye Hin were as good receipts issued to him. The Defendant’s
second objection was that the receipts for the period 1981 to 1984 were made
out to one “Koh Tee Tee”, the Plaintiff’s late mother who died in 1985. The
Plaintiff explained that she and her mother collected the Payments together
for that period of time, and that she had written her mother’s name on the
receipts out of respect for her mother. I accept this explanation. Further,
even if the rent had been collected by Koh Tee Tee, the Plaintiff could take
over and continue the period of adverse possession that her mother had started
on her own behalf, as was held in _Jubilee Electronics Pte Ltd and others v
Tai Wah Garments and Knitting Factory Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 352 at [42],
“[s]o long as the adverse possession continues unbroken, it makes no
difference who continues it”. Therefore, the Plaintiff could have continued
the adverse possession started by her mother, as evidenced by her collection
of rent from 1985 onwards. In sum, I find that the receipts, corroborated by
passbook entries and cheques in certain years, prove that the Payments were
received by the Plaintiff from the Defendant for the relevant period.

15 I now turn to whether the Payments were in the nature of rent. Mr Samuel
Chacko, counsel for the Defendant, submitted that if the Payments were indeed
rent, the Plaintiff would have sought to raise the amount paid over the years,
given that an annual rent of $840 was incongruous with the favourable location
of the Property. He submitted that the Payments were really a form of
financial assistance from the Defendant’s family to the Plaintiff’s family.
However, I was not convinced. The odd and unexplained figure of $840 was an
unusual sum for financial assistance. That might have been more likely had it
been a one-off charity, not as an annual payout, for so many years. The
Defendant’s claim that the Plaintiff’s family was in dire financial straits
from 1956 all the way to 2008 was unsubstantiated, and in any event does not
necessarily lead to the conclusion that they would have received handouts from
the Defendant’s family in the form of the Payments. I find the Plaintiff’s
explanation, _viz_ that her father had instructed her not to raise the amount
demanded because of his belief that the Property was subject to the Control of
Rent Act (Cap 58), to be the more plausible version of events.

16 The Defendant was living at the Property during the relevant period, and
under cross-examination he testified that he would have to pay rent for
staying at the Property, even if it belonged to him. That made no sense and he
must have realised this later, and upon re-examination, he changed his
testimony, claiming that it was Kwong Thye Hin which had paid rent, not for
the Property, but in respect of a warehouse on the corner of Amoy Street.
Kwong Thye Hin’s tax records from the years 1965, 1967, and 1969 show that the
partnership had made some payments for the single itemised amount of “Rent,
Water, Light” every year. The Defendant had not made the tax records for the
relevant period available, but it was clear that Kwong Thye Hin had to pay
some form of rent in the past. The Defendant claimed that the word “Rent”
referred to the rent for the warehouse and the words “Water, Light” referred
to the utilities for the Property. I do not find his explanation at all
convincing. The warehouse did not feature in the Defendant’s case or evidence
until the re-examination stage of the proceedings, and appeared to be an
afterthought. Moreover, it is absurd that in the single itemised amount of
“Rent, Water, Light”, “Rent” was attributed to one property and “Water and
Light” to another, without the document making this explicit on its face.
Given the context in which the Payments were given and received, I find that
they were in the nature of rent.

17 Having established that the Plaintiff had exercised ownership by collecting
rent from the Defendant, I now return to the other requirements for factual
possession, namely, that it be open, adverse and exclusive. Only the latter
two requirements are controversial in the instant case. The requirement that
possession be adverse means that the possession must be without the consent of
the paper owner. The Plaintiff’s collection of rent was clearly without the
consent of the paper owner. The Defendant’s physical occupation was also
against the consent of the paper owner, but since he had been paying rent to
the Plaintiff, he was in physical occupation of the Property only with her
consent and he thus cannot show that he had adversely possessed the Property
as against the Plaintiff. His claim fails on this point alone.

18 The requirement that possession be exclusive means that the claimant must
have excluded the whole world including the paper owner. However, this
requirement being also a necessary component of a tenancy, which is defined as
exclusive possession at a term (_Street v Mountford_ [1985] UKHL 4) with rent
optional (_Ashburn Anstalt v Arnold_ [1988] EWCA Civ 14) presents an
ostensible obstacle to the Plaintiff’s case. If she had granted exclusive
possession to the Defendant in the lease, could she have have satisfied the
requirement of exclusive possession herself? Mr Edwin Lee, counsel for the
Plaintiff, relied on the case of _Soon Peng Yam_ in which the appellant
claimant sought to vindicate her title to the land by way of adverse
possession against the respondent paper owner. The claimant was initially in
physical occupation of the land and then later moved off the land and tenanted
it out to a third party. The Court of Appeal (at [17]) held that the claimant
was in exclusive possession of the land during the time she was in physical
occupation of the land, and further, after the claimant had granted the lease,
she continued to be in adverse possession of the land _through her tenants_ ”
(at [13]) (emphasis added).

19 The Court of Appeal’s dicta that a landlord can satisfy the requirements of
adverse possession through her tenants is not consistent with the fact that
the landlord has granted exclusive possession to the tenant in the lease. The
nature of exclusive possession is that it is exclusive. The landlord and
tenant cannot both concurrently enjoy this exclusivity. As stated above (at
[12]) the doctrine of adverse possession is one under which the ownership of
land can change from the paper owner to the adverse possessor. If the exercise
of acts of ownership has been proved on the part of the would-be adverse
possessor, the requirement of exclusive possession should not prove a
stumbling block to him or her. The two concepts are discrete, and while the
law does not hold that one implies the other, they bear an important relation
to each other. Exclusive possession is an incident, not an exclusive
definition, of ownership. While it is true that a tenant has exclusive
possession even though he is not the owner, he only has exclusive possession
by way of grant from the landlord, and acknowledges that another is the owner.
In the context of adverse possession, exclusive possession is treated as a
mere incident of the larger consideration, which is to show that the would-be
adverse possessor was dealing with the land as an owner would. As the
Plaintiff’s collection of rent is an act of ownership, I am of the view that
even though she was not in exclusive possession during the relevant period,
she had, nonetheless, fulfilled the requirement of factual possession.

20 The Plaintiff still needed to prove that she had demonstrated the _animus
possidendi. Tan Sook Yee_ at page 824, described _animus possidendi_ (“the
_animus_ ”) as “an intention to exercise such custody and control on one’s own
behalf and for one’s own benefit”, and the “requisite intention is one to
possess, not to own”. In our case, the Plaintiff’s intention was one to own
and not to possess, and the question remained as to whether that would that
preclude her claim to adverse possession. The intention to own is a more
precise and exacting intention than the intention to possess. Adverse
possession is a doctrine under which the ownership of land may change from the
paper owner to the adverse possessor, and if the would-be adverse possessor
himself has the more specific and relevant intention of ownership, then this
should adequately demonstrate his _animus_. The standard definition of
_animus_ in _Tan Sook Yee_ required merely the intent to possess only because
it was a more general intention and a more easily satisfied requirement than
the intention to own.

21 In previous cases where the claimant was not in physical occupation of the
property, acts such as paying property tax, utilities and carrying out
maintenance and repair work for the property were held to be evidence of the
_animus_ (see _Soon Peng Yam_ and _Tan Ah Suan v Ng Aik Kern and Others_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 1135). In the present case, the Plaintiff has done none of the
above. On the contrary, it was the Defendant who paid the taxes and the
utility bills in respect of the Property. Although the Plaintiff was aware
that the Defendant intended to undertake extensive renovation to the Property
in 1994, she did not ask the Defendant for either the plans or the bank loans
obtained for the purposes of the same. I do not think that she would have lost
the requisite _animus_ on that account. It was clear that the Plaintiff’s
continued to receive the Payments in the resolute belief that they were rent.
She explained that she did not pay property tax and the utility charges
because she was already collecting such a low sum of rent and it would not be
commercially viable for her to make these additional payments in respect of
the Property. I accepted her explanation which seemed plausible in the
circumstances. I find that the Plaintiff’s collection of rent from the
Defendant constituted an act of ownership, and that she had been dealing with
the Property as if a landlord-owner would for 37 years.

22 In conclusion, I find that the Plaintiff has demonstrated both factual
possession and the requisite _animus_ and is thus able to claim ownership over
the Property on the basis of adverse possession. I declare that the Plaintiff
is the owner of and is entitled to all the rights and title to and possession
of the Property, and grant an order that the Registrar of Titles registers her
as the proprietor of the Property. The land-register must be rectified, by
cancelling the registration the Defendant obtained on the basis of the Order
of Court, on the grounds of fraud.

23 Costs to follow the event and to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

