Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Gatekeeper, Inc _v_ Wang Wensheng (trading as Hawkeye Technologies)  
[2011] SGHC 239

Case Number| :| Suit No 484 of 2011(Summons No 3414 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  William Ong Boon Hwee and Magdelene Sim Jialing (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the plaintiff; Christopher Goh Seng Leong and Constance
Leong Choy Leng (Goh Phai Cheng LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Gatekeeper, Inc — Wang Wensheng (trading as Hawkeye Technologies)  
  
4 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Plaintiff, Gatekeeper, Inc (“Gatekeeper”), is a Delaware corporation
which designs, engineers and develops proprietary computer vision technology
for use in the recognition and tracking of the undercarriage profiles of motor
vehicles (the “Gatekeeper Technology”). The Defendant, Wang Wensheng (“Wang”),
is the sole proprietor of Hawkeye Technologies (“Hawkeye”). Wang is also the
Chief Technology Officer and a 42% shareholder of Gatekeeper.

2 Wang was asked by Gatekeeper’s Chief Executive Officer, Christopher Millar
(“Millar”), to write a software to operate Gatekeeper’s under vehicle scanner.
In November 2004, Wang commenced work for Gatekeeper and in April 2005, he had
developed a working software which satisfied Gatekeeper’s requirements. On 8
April 2005, Gatekeeper and Hawkeye entered into an Agreement (the
“Agreement”). Under clause 1(a) of the Agreement, Hawkeye transferred to
Gatekeeper ownership of all works of authorship that Hawkeye had created for
use as part of the Gatekeeper Technology. In return, Gatekeeper was to issue
common stock and make royalty payments to Hawkeye. Gatekeeper is now suing
Wang for breach of contract on the basis that Wang has failed to hand over to
Gatekeeper intellectual property caught by clause 1(a). Gatekeeper claims
damages and specific performance of clause 1(a).

3 This application was made by Gatekeeper for an interim mandatory injunction
to compel Wang to deliver to Gatekeeper forthwith all intellectual property
related to the Gatekeeper Technology including:

(a) Any and all computer programmes, source code, object code, executable code
or files, and other software documentation relating to the Gatekeeper
Technology (including the missing source code components and “CheckSign.cpp”
that generates the “.sgn” file); and

(b) Any and all software files used on the runtime license issuance programme
and its supporting hardware and software to enable the Plaintiff to create its
own licensing server in the USA.

4 The law relating to interim injunctions is set out in _American Cyanamid Co
v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975] AC 396 (“ _American Cyanamid_ ”), which has been
followed by Singapore courts, including the Court of Appeal in _Da Vinci
Collection Pte Ltd v Richemont International SA_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 560. The
Court in _American Cyanamid_ held that in deciding whether to grant an interim
injunction, the Court is to consider (a) whether there is a serious question
to be tried; (b) if there is, whether damages would not be an adequate remedy;
and (c) where the balance of convenience lies. However, Wang’s counsel
submitted that the test in relation to an interim mandatory injunction is not
found in _American Cyanamid_ but in the two Court of Appeal cases of _NCC
International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 (“
_NCC International_ ”) and _Chin Bay Ching v Merchant Ventures Pte Ltd_ [2005]
3 SLR(R) 142 (“ _Chin Bay Ching_ ”), which required the Plaintiff to show that
a higher threshold has been reached or that special circumstances exist. The
cases on which Wang’s counsel relied do not support his submission. In _NCC
International_ , the Court held that there is a higher threshold to be met to
persuade the court to grant an interim mandatory injunction as compared to an
ordinary prohibitive injunction (and not an interim prohibitive injunction).
In _Chin Bay Ching_ , the Court limited its holding to interlocutory
injunctions in defamation actions _._ Having said that, the Court of Appeal
has, in _Chuan Hong Petrol Station Pte Ltd v Shell Singapore (Pte) Ltd_ [1992]
2 SLR(R) 1 at [84], held that courts generally require more before they are
willing to grant interim mandatory injunctions, as opposed to interim
prohibitory injunctions. Nonetheless, the Court there held (at [88]-[89]) that
this is “no more than a generalisation, albeit a useful one, of what courts
normally do.” What is more important is:

“[the] fundamental principle ... that the court should take whichever course
appears to carry the lower risk of injustice if it should turn out to have
been wrong at trial in the sense of granting relief to a party who fails to
establish his rights at the trial, or of failing to grant relief to a party
who succeeds at the trial ... _the guidelines for the grant of both kinds of
interlocutory injunctions are derived from this principle_ (emphasis added).

This fundamental principle is the third limb of the _American Cyanamid_ test,
which applies to interim mandatory injunctions in the absence of clear case
law to the contrary.

5 I am of the view that Gatekeeper has shown that there is a serious question
to be tried. Under clause 1(a) of the Agreement, Hawkeye transferred to
Gatekeeper ownership of all works of authorship or inventorship that Hawkeye
had created or would create, that relates to the scanning of the under
carriage of motor vehicles for use as part of the Gatekeeper Technology. The
exact wording of clause 1(a) is this:

Author hereby grants, transfers, assigns and conveys to Gatekeeper, and its
successors and assigns, all right, title, interest, ownership and all
subsidiary rights worldwide, in and to all works of authorship or inventorship
that Author has created, is creating or creates hereinafter that relates to
the scanning of the under carriage of motor vehicles for use as part of the
Gatekeeper Technology _including but not limited to_ any computer programs,
source code, object code, executable code or files, or other software
documentation the primary functional specifications for which are set forth in
_Exhibit A_ attached hereto.... (emphasis in italics added)

The fact that Exhibit A is blank does not affect Gatekeeper’s claim because of
the phrase “ _including but not limited to_ ”. Wang’s main defence – that he
need not deliver the intellectual property because Gatekeeper owes him royalty
payments – does not have much merit. Wang claims that there was a tacit
agreement between Wang and Gatekeeper that Wang would not chase Gatekeeper for
royalties outstanding under the Agreement if Gatekeeper would not chase him to
assign the intellectual property. Quite apart from the fact that the existence
of such tacit agreement has yet to be proved (and also that this tacit
agreement is never mentioned in Wang’s affidavit), such agreement is
unworkable because the effect of clause 1(a) of the Agreement, which states
that the “(a)uthor _hereby_ grants... [the relevant intellectual property]”,
is that there was an automatic assignment of existing works upon the signing
of the Agreement and of future works as and when they are created. Gatekeeper
would not have to pursue Hawkeye for the assignment. This fact of automatic
assignment also disposes of Wang’s other argument that Gatekeeper is estopped
from demanding the intellectual property now as Gatekeeper had never
officially demanded that Wang hand it over until 1 July 2010. Even if
Gatekeeper had not made earlier demands for the handing over of the
intellectual property (something which Gatekeeper disputes), this cannot be
sufficient for Gatekeeper to lose its status as owner of the intellectual
property. Further, estoppel requires a clear and unequivocal representation
that the representee would not rely on his strict legal rights – non-action
rarely suffices. Thus, Wang cannot rely on the alleged tacit agreement or
estoppel. He can only rely on the Agreement, which does not make the
assignment of intellectual property conditional upon the payment of royalties.
The obligation to assign and the obligation to pay royalties are independent
of each other unless Wang is arguing that Gatekeeper’s non-payment of
royalties constituted a repudiation of the Agreement by Gatekeeper, and that
Wang had accepted the repudiation, such that the assignment arrangement has
since ceased. This is not pleaded by Wang. Indeed, it cannot be pleaded by
Wang because Wang is counter-claiming for unpaid royalties arising under the
Agreement to date.

6 If Gatekeeper is refused an interim injunction but succeeds eventually at
trial to obtain an injunction, damages would be an inadequate remedy for
Gatekeeper for several reasons. First, Wang’s breach of the Agreement
threatens to destroy Gatekeeper’s business entirely. This is a factor which
may make damages inadequate as a remedy (_J. Lyons & Sons v Wilkins_ [1896] 1
Ch 811). Gatekeeper is a one product company and the bulk of its operations
require Gatekeeper to make changes to its software source code and to
integrate its software system with those of its customers, things which it can
only do with the missing software source code components. Second, even if
there is no destruction of Gatekeeper’s business, Wang’s breach will at least
result in a loss of commercial goodwill and reputation for Gatekeeper. It is
impeding Gatekeeper’s ability to meet its contractual obligations with its
existing customers and to obtain new customers for its business. The loss of
goodwill is a classic example of a type of loss which is hard to compensate
and most difficult to quantify (_Reed Exhibitions Pte Ltd v Khoo Yak Chuan
Thomas and another_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 383). Third, Gatekeeper has tendered
evidence to show that if Wang’s breach were to continue, it could potentially
lose about US$7.8 million. It is doubtful that Wang would have sufficient
assets against which a judgment could be readily enforced for these losses.
When the defendant has no assets against which a judgment could be readily
enforced, this can in itself be a strong factor in favour of granting an
injunction to enforce the claimant’s asserted rights. Fourth, it is Millar’s
evidence that it would take immense time, effort and expense for Gatekeeper to
engage a new software developer to create a new software platform for
Gatekeeper from scratch. There is also no guarantee that any alternative
software platform would function as effectively as the existing one, as it has
taken Gatekeeper six years to craft the software to its present stage of
performance. Conversely, if Gatekeeper is granted an interim injunction but
fails eventually at trial to obtain an injunction, damages would be an
adequate remedy for Wang. The Court will order Gatekeeper to pay Wang for his
efforts in (rewriting the software, if necessary, and) delivering the
intellectual property sought - this is precisely the type of business that
Wang is in. Wang has not argued that damages would be an inadequate remedy for
him.

7 I am of the view that the balance of convenience, which refers to the risk
of doing injustice, lies in favour of the granting of the injunction.
Regardless of which party wins this suit, it is in the interest of both
parties for the injunction to be granted. If Gatekeeper wins this suit, then
it will be able to recover damages as compensation for the loss that it has
suffered as a result of Wang’s breach of the Agreement. The sooner Wang
‘remedies’ his breach by delivering the intellectual property to Gatekeeper,
the less damages Wang will need to pay. If Wang wins this suit, then he will
obtain judgment against Gatekeeper for unpaid royalties under the Agreement.
Since Wang believes Gatekeeper to be impecunious, it is better for him to
deliver the intellectual property sought so that Gatekeeper can carry on its
business and as a result, be better able to satisfy the judgment that Wang
obtains. Ultimately, regardless of who wins the suit, it is in the interest of
Wang, as a 42% shareholder of Gatekeeper, for Gatekeeper to be able to
continue its business.

8 Wang’s counsel argued that Gatekeeper is essentially seeking specific
performance of a contract for personal services, something which the courts
traditionally refrain from granting. This is not quite the case. Gatekeeper is
seeking delivery of intellectual property which it claims to own because of
clause 1(a), which requires Hawkeye to transfer to Gatekeeper ownership of
certain works that Hawkeye had created or would create. This is very different
from a case where, for example, Gatekeeper seeks specific performance of a
contract which requires Hawkeye to create works for Gatekeeper. Wang’s counsel
further argued that since Wang lost the intellectual property sought by
Gatekeeper after his hard disk became corrupted, the effect of an injunction
would be to compel Wang to re-create it. I find it difficult to believe Wang’s
assertion that he has lost this intellectual property. Wang has not given
evidence to show that his hard disk has become corrupted. Wang has also not
explained what happened to the multiple backup copies of the software code
which he repeatedly assured Gatekeeper that he had. Further, Wang’s claim that
he, a software developer of 15 years, did not make a backup copy of the
complete source code is quite incredible. Finally, Gatekeeper claims that Wang
was able to turn on the licensing server after the alleged corruption and that
this could only be done with the software source code. If Wang still has the
intellectual property sought by Gatekeeper, an injunction would simply require
Wang to deliver intellectual property which he already possesses to
Gatekeeper. In the alternative, even if Wang had indeed lost the intellectual
property sought by Gatekeeper, the reasons which underlie the traditional
reluctance of courts to order specific performance of a contract for personal
services do not apply in this case. First, Gatekeeper’s counsel submits that
the delivery of software source code and licensing programme is
distinguishable from the usual contract for personal service in that the
software source code and licensing programme are definable objects such that
it is possible to tell, objectively, if there has been adequate performance by
Wang. I fully agree with this submission, which is supported by cases in which
specific performance of contractual obligations to supply software has been
awarded (_DCPE (UK) Ltd v International Computers Ltd_ (Unreported) and
_Unitech Energy Corp. v International Datashare Corp._ [2003] ABQB 203).
Second, this is not a case where the Court will be forcing an unwilling
defendant to carry out a personal service as Wang has stated repeatedly that
he is prepared to re-write the source code. For the foregoing reasons, the
interim mandatory injunction is granted.

9 It is necessary to determine what intellectual property should be included
in the scope of the injunction. Gatekeeper wants the delivery of “all
intellectual property related to the Gatekeeper Technology” (see [3] above). I
think that this is too broad. Clause 1(a) of the Agreement only entitles
Gatekeeper to ownership (and hence delivery) of “all works of authorship or
inventorship that [Hawkeye] has created, is creating or creates hereinafter
that relates to the scanning of the under carriage of motor vehicles for use
as part of the Gatekeeper Technology”. The injunction must thus include this
restriction. With the inclusion of this restriction, part (a) of Gatekeeper’s
application (excluding the words in parenthesis) will mirror clause 1(a) of
the Agreement. The question is whether Gatekeeper is also contractually
entitled to the additional intellectual property which it has asked for in its
application – _viz_ the words in parenthesis in part (a) and the whole of part
(b) of its application. In my view, the injunction should cover the “missing
source code components and “CheckSign.cpp” that generates the “.sgn” file. The
missing source code components clearly fall under the words “source code”
mentioned in clause 1(a) of the Agreement. The “CheckSign.cpp” that generates
the “.sgn” file is necessary for Gatekeeper to make changes to its software
source code and/or to integrate its software system with those of its
customers, and is a work created by Hawkeye as part of the Gatekeeper
Technology. In relation to part (b) of Gatekeeper’s application, the runtime
licence issuance programme is the software which Gatekeeper needs to issue
licenses to its customers when they purchase new systems from Gatekeeper and
should be included in the court order, together with its supporting software.
However, if Millar’s belief that the supporting hardware for the runtime
license issuance programme is a laptop belonging to Wang is true, then this
laptop is certainly not a work of authorship created by Hawkeye and cannot be
part of the injunction. Gatekeeper has inserted the words “to enable the
Plaintiff to create its own licensing server in the USA” in part (b) of its
application because it wants Wang to hand over the runtime licence issuance
programme so that it can issue licences to its customers directly from
Gatekeeper’s server in the US, instead of having a situation where only Wang
could issue licenses to Gatekeeper’s customers from Wang’s server in
Singapore. However, Wang is concerned that those words mean that he is to
create and deliver software that will enable Gatekeeper to issue licences out
of a US server, something which he claims the current system is not capable of
doing. To allay Wang’s fears, these words could be eliminated without causing
any prejudice to Gatekeeper, who simply wants delivery of the current system.
The parties are to produce a draft order that takes into account the above
considerations for the court’s approval.

10 Gatekeeper is willing to give the necessary undertaking as to damages for
all losses suffered by Wang should it turn out at the trial that the interim
ought not to have been granted. Wang’s counsel argued that if an injunction is
granted, Gatekeeper’s undertaking as to damages should be fortified with a
performance bond or payment into court. Wang’s counsel argued that Gatekeeper
is a foreign company with no assets in Singapore and that it is also
impecunious. Gatekeeper’s counsel in turn argued that Gatekeeper is valued at
over US$10 million. Neither party has produced any hard evidence of
Gatekeeper’s financial position such as its balance sheet and other financial
statements. Since it is Wang’s application for Gatekeeper’s undertaking as to
damages to be fortified, the burden is on Wang to produce evidence to show
that Gatekeeper has insufficient assets to satisfy any liability under its
undertaking. As Wang has not done this, there will be no order for
fortification.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

