Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hong Alvin _v_ Chia Quee Khee  
[2011] SGHC 249

Case Number| :| Suit No 423 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 1 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC and Lynette Koh (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the appellant; Ang Cheng Hock SC and Jason Chan (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
respondent; Christopher Daniel (Advocatus Law LLP) for the second defendant; B
Ganeshamoorthy (Cornerstone Law LLP) for the third defendant.  
Parties| :|  Hong Alvin — Chia Quee Khee  
  
18 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the 1st Defendant, Mr Alvin Hong against a dismissal by
the Assistant Registrar (“AR”) of his application in Summons No 4081 of 2010
to strike out the Respondent’s Claim against him.

Background facts

2 The Respondent, an advocate and solicitor, is an executor and trustee
appointed under the will dated 23 January 2007 (“the Will”) of the deceased Mr
Peter Fong (“the Testator”). The other three executors and trustees under the
Will are the Appellant, Ms Linda Kao (“Linda”, who is the 2nd Defendant in
this action), and Ms Evelyn Ho (“Evelyn”, who is the 3rd Defendant in this
action). The Appellant is a medical doctor and a nephew of the Testator.

3 The Testator, who was also known as “Piti Kulkasetr”, appears to have been a
successful businessman. He set up Airtrust (Singapore) Ltd (“AT”) in 1972 with
dealings in the power, oil and gas industries. He held a majority of its
issued and paid up share capital. The Testator’s last will was made on 23
January 2007, (there is a codicil dated 21 March 2008 which is not relevant
for the issues raised here). According to the Statement of Claim, he was
diagnosed with cancer sometime in 2007 and passed away on 25 April 2008.

4 Almost 8 years before his death, on 13 May 2000, the Testator incorporated
the Fong Foundation Ltd (which is the 4th Defendant in this action) (“the Fong
Foundation”), a public company limited by guarantee to promote charitable,
educational and cultural causes. These causes included:

(a) charitable purposes of all kinds and in all aspects, to provide relief of
human suffering, poverty and distress, to improve human living conditions and
standards, to give and make financial assistance and other form of
contributions towards medical treatment and care, educational facilities,
research, community and social welfare services for the benefit of all persons
and members of all races including without limitation, the poor, needy, aged
handicapped and mentally retarded, persons in need of moral of social
rehabilitation or welfare, victims of fire, flood famine, war, pestilence or
other calamity and such other persons as the Board of Directors shall deem to
be suitable and worthy objects of such relief and assistance;

(b) the provision of financial assistance for the upkeep and maintenance of
the Aviator Martyr’s Memorial Monument in Nanjing, the People’s Republic of
China (“PRC”);

(c) the provision of financial assistance for the upkeep and maintenance of
the Fong ancestral village at Guan Xi Village, Hang Tang City, Hui An county,
Fujian province, PRC; and

(d) the promotion, encouragement, fostering, development, improvement and
advancement of education, art and culture, health, sports, recreational and
other leisure pursuits and activities for the benefit of the public, including
but not limited to the establishment of scholarships for and chairs at
educational institutions, the patronage sponsorship and participation in
exhibitions, social musical theatrical and other events and entertainments and
for lectures and other purposes as the Board of Directors may deem suitable.

The original directors and members of the Fong Foundation comprised the
Testator, the Appellant, Linda and Evelyn. The Testator’s daughter, Ms Carolyn
Fong (“Carolyn”), was appointed as a director during the Testator’s lifetime
on 25 January 2006 and therefore before he was diagnosed with cancer. In
paragraph 10 of the Statement of Claim it is alleged that the Board of
Directors (“the Board”) followed all the Testator’s instructions concerning
how the Fong Foundation was to be operated and managed during the Testator’s
lifetime.

5 Sometime on or around 3 January 2006, _ie_ , some two and a quarter years
before he died, and before he was diagnosed with cancer, the Testator
transferred 5,100,000 shares held by him in AT (“the AT Shares”) to the Fong
Foundation. These shares constitute 51% of the issued share capital of AT.
Although the figures and percentages are not clear, this does not affect the
issues in this case. The Testator still held some shares in AT after this
transfer. There is a reference to 1,459,410 shares as well as a reference to
the Testator holding 65.59% of AT’s issued share capital before the AT Shares
were transferred to Fong Foundation.

6 Linda is the incumbent Managing Director of AT, whilst AT’s other directors
are Carolyn, Anthony Craig Stiefel (“Stiefel”), Evelyn, Denis Atkinson
(“Atkinson”) and the Respondent. Evelyn was the Testator’s personal assistant
having started as a clerk in AT sometime around June 1974.

7 During the course of submissions, I was informed that a tussle for control
has ensued amongst the directors of AT. Linda, Evelyn and the Respondent are
on one side while Carolyn, the Appellant, Atkinson and Stiefel are on the
other. I was told that the following proceedings are extant:

(a)

Originating Summons No 505 of 2010 (“OS 505”) taken out by Carolyn on 24 May
2010, seeking leave under section 216A of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) to commence a derivative action on behalf of AT against Linda for alleged
breach of fiduciary duties. Prakash J handed down a judgment on 11 April 2011
granting leave for Carolyn to do so on some, but not all of her alleged
complaints. Appeals from that decision were lodged. On 15 September 2011, the
Court of Appeal dismissed the appeals against the decision of Prakash J, save
for allowing one further complaint of Carolyn’s with regard to a transaction
relating to Wrangwell Ltd; this was in addition to those allowed earlier by
Prakash J for KSCC International Pte Ltd, Ribands Pte Ltd and Mega-Bond
Management Limited.

(b)

On 1 June 2010, a notice was given to shareholders of AT for the convening of
an Extraordinary General Meeting (“EGM”) to remove Linda as AT’s Managing
Director and to appoint the Appellant as a director. Linda commenced Suit No
428 of 2010 on 11 June 2010 and obtained an interim injunction to prevent the
holding of the EGM pending the resolution of OS 505.

(c)

On 9 June 2010, the Respondent commenced the present suit, Suit No 423 of 2010
against the Appellant and the other defendants;

(d)

On 13 July 2010, Carolyn launched Suit No 510 of 2010, claiming oppression and
naming Linda, Evelyn, Atkinson and the Respondent as defendants.

The dispute

8 In his Statement of Claim, the Respondent alleged that the AT Shares were
transferred to the Fong Foundation on trust for the specific purpose of
carrying the Testator’s intention that the Fong Foundation would control,
operate and manage the business of AT and its subsidiary and associate
companies after his death, through the directors of the Fong Foundation as
appointed by the Testator. The Respondent pleads that it was the intention of
the Testator that the Appellant would cease to be a director of the Fong
Foundation after the Testator’s death and that the Respondent would replace
the Appellant as director in the Fong Foundation. The Respondent says this was
told to the Respondent on a number of occasions by the Testator. The material
terms of the alleged trust thus required the Appellant to step down as a
director of the Fong Foundation upon the Testator’s death and for the
Respondent to be appointed in his stead. According to the Respondent, these
terms were set out in Clauses 3 and 4 of the Will. Clauses 3 and 4, which are
set out in paragraph 19 of the Statement of Claim, read as follows:

3.1 I give to the Fong Foundation Limited (“the Foundation”), a company
incorporated by me in Singapore, fifty-one per cent (51%) of my shares
(hereinafter called “My Shares”) in Airtrust Singapore Pte Ltd, a company
incorporated in Singapore (“the Company”) and fifty-one percent (51%) of the
shares held by the Company in all its subsidiaries and associated companies,
wherever incorporated and/or situated (hereinafter tougher with the Company
called “the Group”) (and my interests in the business of the Group represented
by my shares are hereinafter called “my business interests”) to be held by
them upon the following trusts and with the following powers.

The reference to “fifty-one per cent (51%) of my Shares” ... in Airtrust
Singapore Pte Ltd” above means 51% of the 100% shares in the Company and not
51% of my 65.59% shares held by me in the Company, and likewise 51% of the
Company’s shares in its subsidiaries and associated companies.

[...]

3.2 It is my wish that My Shares given to the Foundation shall not ever be
diluted in the future, and the Foundation will always, through the ownership
of my Shares, retain control of the Company by owning the majority of the
shares in the Company.

[...]

4 I set up The Foundation for the following purposes, and it is my wish that
these purposes be respected and followed after my lifetime –

a) [...]

b) to control, operate and manage the business of Airtrust and the Group. For
this purpose, it is my wish that the Board of Directors of the Foundation,
which presently comprises myself, Linda, Evelyn and Alvin, shall after my
death, comprise a core of directors made up of the following –

i. Linda

ii. Evelyn

iii. my daughter Carolyn Fong Wai Lyn

iv. Chia and

v. my son Fong Wei Heng, after he has attained the age of twenty-one (21)
years.”

9 The Respondent’s pleaded reliefs as against the Appellant are:

(a)

an order that the Appellant, (as well as the Linda and Evelyn), carry out
their duties as executors and/or trustees in accordance with the Testator’s
wishes as expressed in Clauses 3 and 4 of the Will (this order in effect
sought the Court’s endorsement that Clauses 3 and 4 of the Will were breached
and the Court should order the executors and trustees to carry out its terms);
and

(b)

an order that the Appellant shall be removed as and cease to be a director of
the Fong Foundation forthwith.

(c)

a declaration that the Fong Foundation had breached the trust terms upon which
it held the AT Shares;

(d)

an order that the Respondent be appointed as a director of Fong Foundation
forthwith;

(e)

an order that the defendants take all steps to effect sub-paragraphs (b) and
(d) above;

(f)

costs; and

(g)

such further and/or other relief as the Court sees fit.

10 In response, the Appellant applied to strike out the Statement of Claim
under O 18 r 19(1)(a), (b) and (d) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“ROC”), _ie_ as (i) disclosing no reasonable cause of action, (ii)
being scandalous, frivolous or vexatious or (iii) constituting an abuse of
process. In the alternative, the Appellant also applied under O 14 r 12 for
determination of whether the AT shares were transferred by the Testator to the
Fong Foundation on trust as alleged in the Statement of Claim. If this
question were to be answered in the negative, then the Appellant sought the
dismissal of the claim against him with costs. In this appeal, the Appellant
did not pursue his alternative application.

Decision below

11 Based on the pleadings alone, the learned AR held that the Respondent had a
reasonable cause of action and _locus standi_ to maintain the claim. Though
the Statement of Claim was lacking, the AR was mindful that claims should only
be struck out in the most obvious of cases. In her view, it would be more
appropriate to decide the matter at trial as, then, all the evidence would be
available and the legal issues established by the facts. Finally, the AR
considered the affidavit evidence before deciding that the Appellant had
failed to show how the Respondent’s claim was scandalous, frivolous or
vexatious and/or an abuse of process. Accordingly, she dismissed the
application.

The Appeal and Decision

12 In this appeal, counsel for the Appellant, Mr Lee Eng Beng SC (“Mr Lee SC”)
makes the following arguments to support striking out the Statement of Claim:

(a)

There is no trust as alleged by the Respondent. The AT shares were transferred
as a gift on 3 January 2006 so clauses 3 and 4 of the Will had no effect
pursuant to s 3 of the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Wills Act”);

(b)

Even if there is a trust, the Respondent is wrong to say that Clauses 3 and 4
of the Will require the Appellant to step down as a director of the Fong
Foundation;

(c)

Even if (a) and (b) are resolved against the Appellant, on the Respondent’s
own case he has no _locus standi_ to enforce the terms of the trust; and

(d)

If there was a trust, then the Respondent was pursuing his claim for breach of
trust against the wrong defendant.

13 It is not immediately clear from the Appellant’s arguments set out at [12]
above which limb of O 18 r 19(1) each argument supports. This is not an
unimportant distinction since O 18 r 19(2) states that in an application under
r 19(1)(a), no evidence shall be admissible. Thus where the sole ground to
strike out a claim or pleadings is that it discloses no reasonable cause of
action or defence, conventional wisdom and practice dictates that a party
stands or falls on his pleadings _per se_ (_Singapore Civil Procedure_
(Thomson Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”) at para
18/19/5). No reference is made to the affidavits filed. On the other hand, if
the allegations are based on or overlap into r 19(1)(b) and/or (c) and/or (d),
then it is permissible for the court to use and consider affidavit evidence. I
should also mention that, as O 92 r 4 reminds us, nothing in the ROC shall be
deemed to limit or affect the inherent jurisdiction of the Court to prevent
injustice and an abuse of process.

14 Mr Ang Cheng Hock SC (“Mr Ang SC”), counsel for the Respondent, contends
that the jurisdiction to strike out a claim or pleadings should only be
exercised in plain and obvious cases. The Appellant has challenged the
Respondent’s pleaded case as to the intentions of the Testator and this
dispute can only be resolved at a trial. This was an important part of the
AR’s decision below.

15 It is not doubted that the court should not be too quick to strike out
claims, defences or pleadings; as Mr Ang SC rightly submitted, it is only in
plain and obvious cases that resort should be had to this jurisdiction. As
stated in _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/6, the “claim must be
obviously unsustainable, the pleadings unarguably bad and it must be
impossible, just not improbable, for the claim to succeed before the court
will strike it out.” As long as the action discloses some cause of action or
raises some question fit to be decided by the court, the mere fact that the
plaintiff was unlikely to succeed at the trial is no ground for striking out:
_Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and others_ [1997]
3 SLR(R) 649.

16 Yet it equally cannot be denied that O 18 r 19(1) and the inherent
jurisdiction of the court exist to protect a party from being harassed and put
to the trouble and expense of preparing for a trial in certain cases, _eg_ ,
where the case is frivolous, vexatious or hopeless. Lord Blackburn put it
correctly when he said that a stay or dismissal of proceedings may “…often be
required by the very essence of justice to be done…” (_Metropolitan Bank Ltd &
Anor v Pooley_ (1885) 10 App Cas 210 at 221, cited in _Singapore Civil
Procedure_ at para 18/19/6). The question here is: on which side of the line
does this case fall?

Whether the issue of locus standi falls exclusively within r 19(1)(a)

17 Two Malaysian cases treated the issue of _locus standi_ as falling squarely
within r 19(1)(a). In _Karpal Singh v Sultan of Selangor_ [1988] 1 MLJ 64,
Abdul Hamid CJ explained that various approaches could be adopted by the court
in deciding the question of _locus standi_ , one of which was to ask whether
the plaintiff has “a cause of action”. Similarly, in _Abdul Razak Ahmad v
Majlis Bandaraya Johor Bahru_ [1995] 2 MLJ 287, when the court found the
plaintiff lacked _locus standi_ for failure to show infringement of his
private right or special damage over and above his public rights, the court
made reference to O 18 r 19(1)(a). I am of the view that we cannot
straightjacket the characterisation of _locus standi_ so rigidly. As Hamid CJ
indicated, it was only _one_ of the various approaches a court could adopt.
Today, a party seldom relies only on r 19(1)(a); it is more often than not
that r 19(1)(b) to (d) are also brought into the equation, as is the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. Given the context and circumstances in which it
arises, an issue of _locus standi_ can also be one of the bases of striking
out on the ground that the action is frivolous or vexatious or an abuse of the
process. It has been noted that a cause of action contains two dimensions:
“First, it means the legal basis which entitles the plaintiff to succeed.
Next, it signifies the factual situation which entitles one person to obtain
from the court a remedy against another person…” (_Phillip Morris Products Inc
v Power Circle Sdn Bhd and others_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 964 at [5]  _per_ Selvam J;
cited in _Singapore Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/6).

Is O 18 r 19(2) an absolute rule?

18 Although Mr Lee SC does not confine his case only to O 18 r 19(1)(a), he
raises the interesting argument that there are limits to an approach that all
allegations in the pleadings must be taken as true in a r 19(1)(a) situation.
He argues, in particular that O 18 r 19(2) should be read as referring to
evidence which does not have to be pleaded, rather than affidavit evidence
that _clarifies_ the pleadings. Mr Lee SC argues that if a party files
affidavits to clarify his position on his pleadings, the court must surely be
entitled to consider those affidavits; otherwise, a party who advances a
legally unsustainable claim can always avoid a striking out application under
O 18 r 19(1)(a) by intentionally crafting his pleadings in a confusing,
ambiguous and obscure manner. I tend to agree. In some cases, such affidavit
evidence can be treated as voluntary particulars of pleadings. Otherwise in
such cases, this would neither be conducive to the fair and expedient
resolution of disputes, nor, I would add, to the principles referred to in
[16] above.

19 As proof that the courts have looked beyond the pleadings when considering
O 18 r 19(1)(a), Mr Lee SC relied on the case of _Standard Chartered Bank v
Loh Chong Yong Thomas_ [2010] 2 SLR 569 (“ _Standard Chartered_ ”), where the
Court of Appeal (“CA”) accepted that the plaintiff was an undischarged
bankrupt. Although this point was only raised in the affidavits and not in the
pleadings, the CA proceeded to find that the plaintiff had no _locus standi_
because the property in respect of which the suit was brought was vested in
the Official Assignee and not the plaintiff. With respect, this seems to me
correct on both principle and common sense because the capacity of a party to
sue is _not_ always found in his pleadings.

20 Apart from _Standard Chartered_ , Mr Lee SC also cited the Malaysian case
of _Parallel Media Group Plc & Anor v Asia PGA Bhd & Ors_ [2004] 6 MLJ 1 (“
_Parallel Media_ ”) where the court had taken into account affidavit evidence
despite r 19(2). In that case, the defendants had applied to strike out the
plaintiff’s statement of claim on the grounds that he had had no _locus
standi_. Suriyadi J held at [21] that:

Even though the defendants should be denied the right to allude to the
evidence in the affidavits, but as I, for some good reason or other had
allowed their usage from the earliest of stages, in the interest of justice I
had decided to keep the practice. To even things out I had also permitted the
plaintiffs to allude to the evidence. No doubt if the defendants had succeeded
in disclosing disputable facts which neutralised the plaintiffs’ case
completely, or the issue of law was unsustainable or unarguable, then the
striking out action would have been granted.

It should be noted that when the Suriyadi J referred to the “earliest of
stages”, he was alluding to an earlier _ex parte_ application by the plaintiff
for an injunction against the defendants which was decided on the basis of
affidavits.

21 _Standard Chartered_ and _Parallel Media_ suggest that when it comes to
capacity or title to sue or maintain a claim, in spite of O 18 r 19(2), the
court can look beyond the pleadings. In _Standard Chartered_ , the issue of
_locus standi_ swung on a single allegation of bankruptcy that the court was
able to test the veracity of by looking at the affidavit evidence. In
contrast, in _Parallel Media_ the issue of _locus standi_ was slightly more
complex– the plaintiffs had to show that: (i) they had a nexus with the
company on behalf of which they were bringing the derivative action, (ii) they
were aggrieved parties, and (iii) they came within one of the exceptions to
the rule in _Foss v Harbottle_. Nevertheless, each of these were addressed by
the affidavit evidence that showed that (i) the plaintiffs were shareholders
and directors of the company they were suing on behalf on, (ii) the plaintiffs
would lose much through the company, and (iii) the defendants who initiated
the striking out applications had committed fraud on the minority by abusing
their position of _de facto_ control.

22 In my view, in limited circumstances (such as in _Standard Chartered_ and
_Parallel Media_) where the party’s capacity or title to sue can be easily and
unequivocally demonstrated, the court is entitled to look beyond the
pleadings. This includes looking at the affidavit evidence or other court
records. If the plaintiff is an undischarged bankrupt, he is unlikely to plead
that fact. The basis of going beyond the pleadings in such cases and
dismissing the action must rest on the conclusive nature and effect of a
judgment. This is especially so for judgments _in rem_. Hence, where a court
having the competent authority to make that adjudication pronouncement does
so, then a judgment of that court is conclusive not just in those proceedings
but against or with reference to all whom it might concern, or as against “all
the world” unless of course it is subsequently lawfully discharged. This
occurs, for example, when a person is adjudged a bankrupt by a court in
Singapore. This person’s status in law has changed. Again where a grant of
probate has been made to A and B as executors of T’s estate, so long as that
grant is not revoked or amended, an action commenced by C as executor of T’s
estate is liable to be dismissed as C has no title to sue.

23 A distinguishing factor in cases of this nature is where a person has _no_
cause of action as opposed to no _reasonable_ cause of action. O 18 r 19(1)(a)
addresses the latter type of cases, _eg_ , the facts pleaded do not give rise
to a cause of action. The former category is readily and unequivocally
demonstrable whereas the latter requires argument and exposition in relation
to the pleaded facts, which must then be taken as true, in order to show that
there is no reasonable cause of action.

24 This was well put by Sir Sebag Shaw in _Ronex Properties Ltd v John Laing
Construction Ltd & Ors_ [1983] QB 398 (“ _Ronex Properties_ ”) at 408, as
follows:

As to striking out a writ or other initiating process on the ground that it
discloses no reasonable cause of action, I would regard this power as properly
exercisable only _when it is manifest that there is an answer immediately
destructive of whatever claim to relief is made_ , and that such answer can
and will be effectively made. In such a case it would ... be a waste of time
and money to allow the matter to be pursued so as to give rise to what would
be an abuse of the process of the court. [emphasis added]

25 A striking out application based on limitation of actions must be
considered carefully as there are some technical distinctions. First, one has
to examine if the time bar is substantive or procedural in nature. For
example, actions for damages for carriage of goods by air under the Warsaw
Convention are, under Article 29, _extinguished_ if they are not brought
within 2 years from the date of arrival of the aircraft at the destination or
from other factual deadlines. That is a _substantive_ time bar. A party suing
under the Warsaw Convention no longer has a cause of action once the 2 year
period has passed as such a right has been extinguished. Such claims are
liable to be struck out under r 19(1)(a) and regard can be had to facts
outside the pleadings. This includes clear and unequivocal contractual
provisions which provide that the effluxion of time eliminates the cause of
action (see _Ronex Properties_ at 404). However, under our Limitation Act (Cap
163 1996 Rev Ed) (“Limitation Act”), time bars are _procedural_ in nature. The
operative words under the statute – “…actions ... shall not be
brought…”–prohibit the _bringing_ of an action. They bar the remedy. As was
aptly put by Donaldson LJ in _Ronex Properties_ at 404: “…it is trite law that
the English Limitation Acts bar the remedy and not the right; and furthermore
they do not even have this effect unless and until pleaded.” The latter part
of Donaldson LJ’s remark arises from the then equivalent English section to s
4 of the Limitation Act, which provides that nothing in the Limitation Act
shall operate as a bar to an action unless the Limitation Act has been
expressly pleaded as a defence thereto.

26 Secondly, if the time bar is procedural in nature, then the proper course
in applying to strike out an action is to proceed on the other grounds set out
in r 19(1)(b), (c) and/or (d) or on the inherent jurisdiction of the court. It
is unsuitable to strike out an action under r 19(1)(a) on the ground that the
claim is time-barred because s 4 of the Limitation Act requires the defence to
be pleaded to have the effect and because the time bar is subject to
exceptions. This is clear from _Ronex Properties Ltd_ at 404:

Authority apart, I would have that that it was absurd to contend that a writ
of third party notice could be struck out as disclosing no cause of action,
merely because the defendant may have a defence under the Limitation Acts.

and also at 405:

Where it is thought to be clear that there is a defence under the Limitation
Acts, the defendant can either plead that defence and seek the trial of a
preliminary issue or, in a very clear case, he can seek to strike out the
claim upon the ground that it is frivolous, vexatious and an abuse of the
process of the court and support his application with evidence.

Similarly in _Riches v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1973] 1 WLR 1019 at
1027 (_per_ Lawton LJ):

One of the uncontested sets of facts which arises from time to time is when on
the statement of claim it is clear that the cause of action is statute barred
and the defendant tells the court that he proposes to plead the statute and,
on the uncontested facts, there is no reason to think that the plaintiff can
bring himself within the exceptions set out in the Limitation Act 1939. _In
those circumstances it is pointless for the case to go on so that the
defendant can deliver a defence. The delivery of the defence occupies time and
wastes money; and even more useless and time consuming from the point of view
of the proper administration of justice is that there should then have to be a
summons for directions, and an order for an issue to be tried, and for that
issue to be tried before the inevitable result is attained._ [emphasis added]

Following from these authorities, the following passage appears in _Singapore
Civil Procedure_ at para 18/19/10:

Thus, where the statement of claim discloses that the cause of action arose
outside the current period of limitation _and it is clear that the defendant
intends to rely on the Limitation Act_ (Cap. 163 , 1996 Ed.) and there is
nothing before the court to suggest that the plaintiff could escape from that
defence, the claim will be struck out as being frivolous, vexatious and an
abuse of the process of the court.

27 There are exceptions to O 18 r 19(1)(a) and r 19(2), but they are limited
to those very few situations set out above. Mr Lee SC however, relies on the
other grounds of r 19(1) as well.

Clauses 3 and 4 of the Will

28 I now return to Mr Lee SC’s first point – on the facts is that there is no
trust as alleged by the Respondent – Clauses 3 and 4 of the Will can have no
effect since the Testator did not own the AT shares at the time of his death
having already disposed of them to the Fong Foundation on 3 January 2006. Mr
Lee SC cites s 3 of the Wills Act. In support of this submission, Mr Lee SC
referred me to various contemporaneous documents surrounding the transfer of
the AT shares (collectively, “the Affidavit Exhibits”, extracts of which are
cited below) which record that the Testator made the transfer as an outright
gift:

(a) the share transfer form dated 3 January 2006 effecting the said transfer
of the AT shares contained the following note at the bottom of the document:

We hereby confirm that no consideration had passed in respect of this
transaction which is _merely a gift from the transferor to the transferee_.

(b) the board resolution from the Fong Foundation dated 3 January 2006
accepting the transfer of the AT shares stated;

RESOLVED that Piti Kulkasetr @ Peter Fong transfers five million and one
hundred thousand (5,100,000) ordinary shares, fully paid for, cash of $1.00
each to The Fong Foundation Ltd _in the form of a gift_ and such shares shall
rank pari pasu in all respects with the existing issued shares of Airtrust
(Singapore) Pte Ltd.

(c) a memorandum of gift executed by the Testator on 23 March 2005 that was
witnessed by the respondent stated:

...I the undersigned Peter Fong...have this 23rd day of March 2005 by divers
instruments under my hand transferred to The Fong Foundation...the shares
specified in the Schedule hereto, and that the said shares were so transferred
by me _by way of gift to the intent that they should become and be the
absolute property of The Fong Foundation Ltd_.

(d) a letter from the Testator to the Fong Foundation dated 5 January 2006 in
which he described said transfer as a “donation”:

Dear Sir,

_DONATION_ OF 5,100,000 ORDINARY SHARES FROM AIRTRUST (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD TO
THE FONG FOUNDATION LTD—TRANSFER DATED 03 JANUARY 2006

I, PITI JULKASETR also known as PETER FONG...have _made a donation_ by way of
Five Million One Hundred Thousand (5,100,000) Ordinary Shares of $1/- each
fully paid of Airtrust (Singapore) Pte Ltd to The Fong Foundation Ltd...

The purpose of the aforementioned transfer is so that the dividend received
from the said shares can be utilized for charitable purposes as seen fit by
the Directors of The Fong Foundation Limited.

That the aforementioned shares _are deliberately given_ to The Fong Foundation
Ltd for the purposes stated above instead of being willed to the heirs of the
estate in the future.

I would add one more objective factor. Clause 3.2 of the Will clearly and
unambiguously uses the phrase “...through the _ownership_ of My Shares [_ie_ ,
the AT shares]…” (emphasis added). That is certainly indicative that once the
AT shares were transferred to the Fong Foundation, it was to become the owner
of the AT shares.

29 In contrast, the Respondent’s claim of a trust is a bare assertion
unsupported by objective evidence. The contemporaneous documents referred to
above all show an outright gift was made and confirmed more than once. In fact
the Respondent drafted the memorandum of gift which was dated 23 March 2005
and signed that document as witness to the Testator’s signature. If the
Testator had intended for the Fong Foundation to hold the AT shares on trust,
he could have easily inserted a qualification to this effect in the memorandum
of gift or the letter to the Fong Foundation dated 5 January 2006. In
addition, on the Respondent’s own evidence, he was not only a close and
trusted friend of the Testator, he had assisted the Testator as legal adviser
for over 30 years. In these circumstances, it would appear to me highly
improbable that the Testator would choose the word “gift” or use the words
that he did in the above documents when he did not intend to make one. Mr Lee
SC also pointed out that in his first affidavit filed on 4 October 2010 (“the
Respondent’s First Affidavit”),at paragraphs 34 to 37, the Respondent deposed
that when the Testator talked about transferring the AT shares to the Fong
Foundation in 2005, the Respondent advised that the transfer could be by sale
or gift and he prepared the draft Memorandum of Gift. The Respondent then went
on to say that the act of asking for a draft Memorandum of Gift “...did not
mean that the Testator had by that time decided to effect the transfer of his
[AT] shares by gift…” (paragraph 35 of the Respondent’s First Affidavit). The
Respondent ended by saying that the Testator did not revert to him on the
draft Memorandum of Gift. What the Respondent had forgotten was that
subsequently the Testator had in fact signed the Memorandum of Gift before him
and he witnessed the Testator’s execution and it was dated 23 March 2005\. The
Respondent subsequently had to retract and admit his erroneous recollection in
his First Affidavit.

30 I would go further to say that the objective facts also support the
Appellant’s case. The Testator incorporated Fong Foundation on 13 May 2000,
some 7 years before he was diagnosed with cancer in 2007, almost 7 years
before he made his last will on 23 January 2007 and almost 8 years before he
died on 25 April 2008. The objects clauses in the Memorandum of Association of
the Fong Foundation broadly encompass the same charitable causes set out in
his Will. The Testator went on to appoint his daughter, Carolyn, to the board
of Fong Foundation within his lifetime, on 25 January 2006, and about one year
before he made the Will (which was his last will). Strangely, he did not do
the same for the Respondent. All this points to his having set up his
charitable causes, close to his heart, well before his death. The reason for
the transfer of the AT shares is in fact given by the Respondent himself. In
paragraph 34 of the Respondent’s First Affidavit, the Respondent deposed that
the Testator wanted to avoid estate duty that would have been payable then:
“it was a subject of concern to [the Testator]…”. It will be remembered that
in Clause 3.3 of the Will, the Fong Foundation would have to bear any estate
duty that was levied on the AT shares. I also accept Mr Lee SC’s submission,
which I think the Respondent, being an executor of the Will, can hardly
dispute, _vis_ , that the Schedule of Assets filed for the grant of probate
for the Testator’s estate makes no mention of the AT shares.

31 Those who practice in estates and trusts will say that ademption, or more
correctly, an ademption and satisfaction, has taken place. Ademption is
derived from the Latin word “adimere” which implies that the legacy has been
taken away. A devise of property under a Will may be adeemed or revoked by a
subsequent disposition of the property by the testator during his life time.
When the testator by deed or other act subsequent to the Will conveys or
transfers the property to the beneficiary in the Will, that is described as
ademption and satisfaction. **Jarman on Wills** (8th Edition) says this out at
page 1136:

“The word ademption (from the Latin adimere) implies that the legacy has been
taken away. Thus there are two kinds of ademption: the one where the testator
gives a specific chattel or fund, and the legacy fails because the chattel or
fund has ceased to be part of the testator’s assets; the other, where the
testator gives a general legacy, and the legacy is held not to be payable
because the intended bounty has already been satisfied by the testator: that
is, there is an implied revocation of the gift of the legacy.”

Similarly, **Williams on Wills** (8th Edition – 2002) at para 41.1 (page 459)
sets out the nature of ademption in the following terms:

“**Nature of ademption**. A specific gift may be adeemed by the subject matter
of the gift, between the date of the will and that of the testator’s death,
ceasing to the part of his estate or ceasing to the subject to his right of
disposition or ceasing to conform to the description by which it is given.
This may result from the testator’s own disposition or change of investment or
other events subsequent to the will and prior to the death of the testator. A
gift is also said to be adeemed where the testator during his lifetime and
subsequent to the execution of the will gives the donee by gift inter vivos
what he would obtain under the will. This is dealt with under the heading of
satisfaction.

32 Farwell J’s approach in Re Newman [1930]2 Ch 417 is apt:

“If the testator uses languages that can only be construed as a devise of real
estate, and, notwithstanding the imposition of the statutory trusts, he dies
without altering or confirming his will, the conversion effected by the
statutory trusts _adeems the devise, because there is nothing left for that
devise to operate on...”_

_I have therefore to determine the true construction of the testator’s
language in the present case._ It is in my judgment not apt to pass anything
but a moiety or real estate, and as there is no real estate left the devise
does not operate. It may well be that this result is not in accordance with
what the testator would have intended if he had considered the matter, but I
am not concerned with that. _I am only concerned with his language, i.e., his
expressed intention._ The whole devise therefore fails.” [emphasis added]

It is plain beyond argument that the Testator intended to and did transfer the
AT shares to the Fong Foundation as an outright gift in January 2006.

Term requiring removal of the appellant as director

33 The Respondent’s statement of claim also asks that the Appellant be removed
as, and cease to be, a director of the Fong Foundation. The claim to this
relief is based on Clauses 3 and 4 of the Will.

34 Unfortunately Clauses 3 and 4 do not support the Respondent’s contention at
all. As noted above, Clause 3.2 provides that the AT shares “given” to the
Fong Foundation should not ever be diluted in the future and that the Fong
Foundation will always, “through the ownership of the AT shares”, retain
control of AT by owning the majority of its shares. Clause 4(b) provides that
the Board, “…shall after [the Testator’s] death, comprise of a core of
directors made up of the following – (i) Linda (ii) Evelyn (iii) [the
Testator’s] daughter Carolyn Fong Wai Lyn (iv) [the Respondent] and (v) [the
Testator’s] son Fong Weng Heng, after he has attained the age of twenty-one
(21) years...” There is nothing in the Will or these clauses which
specifically require or even imply that the Appellant should be removed as a
director of the Fong Foundation. The Will only states that there be a “core of
directors” including the Respondent. The definition of the word “core” is the
central or innermost part of something and by its very meaning entails
something around it that does not comprise the core and is outside the core or
non-core. By contrast, in the preceding words in Clause 4(b), the Testator
expresses the wish “…that the Board of Directors of the Foundation, _which_
presently _comprises_ myself, Linda, Evelyn and [the Appellant], shall after
my death…” (emphasis added). If the Testator meant the 5 named persons to be
the _only_ directors, he could easily have so expressed himself as he did in
the preceding lines. The undeniable fact remains that the Testator used the
phrase “…comprise a core of directors...” Just because the Appellant was not
named a _core_ director does not mean he cannot remain _a_ director after the
Testator’s demise. In fact, in trying to make out his case, the Respondent
himself deposes that the Testator said that the Appellant, a doctor, had “no
time”. This, if true, makes perfect sense since the busy Appellant, who says
he was very close to his uncle, may not have the time to be present at _all_
Board meetings (and thus was not a _core_ director).

35 The Respondent also relied on the affidavit evidence of Linda and Evelyn as
well as his personal dealings with the Testator. The Respondent avers that
Linda and Evelyn’s affidavit evidence corroborates his assertion that Clauses
3 and 4 of the Will should be read as intending to remove the Appellant as a
director of the Fong Foundation following the Testator’s demise. The first and
most obvious point to make is that if the words of the Will are clear, then we
should not be looking at how other people read the Will to construe it. Less
still should we be taking into account what the Testator allegedly told them,
_ie_ , to read into the Will a provision which is not there. A reading of
Linda and Evelyn’s affidavits does not quite support the Respondent’s
contentions.

(a) Linda’s short affidavit dated 27 September 2010 makes no direct reference
to the Will; instead she “confirms” that during the Testator’s lifetime, he
told her that his plan for the Fong Foundation upon his death was to have the
Respondent, Evelyn and herself on the Board, and later his son Fong Weng Heng
once he reached the age of 21 years. She does not say when this or these
conversations with the Testator took place and she stops short of
categorically saying the Testator said that the Appellant should no longer be
on the Board after his death. She then follows this by deposing that “I was
_under the impression_ that when [the Respondent] was ready to take over from
[the Appellant]...” (emphasis added), the Appellant would “…comply with [the
Testator’s] intentions as expressed in his Will. I had not anticipated that
[the Appellant] would simply refuse to comply with the express terms of [the
Testator’s] Will and more importantly, with [the Testator’s] known wishes.”
The words she uses speak for themselves.

(b) Evelyn’s equally short affidavit dated 20 October 2010 says largely the
same thing in the same words in paragraphs 4(b) and (c) as Linda said in her
affidavit at paragraph 3(2) and (3) (as referred to above). Paragraph 3(3)
similarly states: “...I was _under the impression_ that when [the Respondent]
was ready to take over from [the Appellant], [the Appellant] would go along
with [the Testator’s] intentions...” (emphasis added). Evelyn also does not
give particulars as to when this or these conversations with the Testator took
place and deposes to the Appellant’s refusal “...to go along with the express
terms of [the Testator’s] Will and with [the Testator’s] wishes...” without
identifying the express words of the Will.

36 The Respondent also relies on his evidence: that he was told by the
Testator on 7 December 2003 that the Appellant was to be removed as a director
since he had “no time”. In the Respondent’s First Affidavit, he has exhibited,
at page 74, (Exhibit “CQK-4”), an email quoting the Testator’s alleged
instructions to him on 7 December 2003. This included the instruction that
once the AT shares are transferred directly to the Fong Foundation, then:
“...to take [the Appellant] out as trustee of the [Fong Foundation] and to put
[the Respondent] in as trustee of the [Fong Foundation]”. The Respondent
additionally relies on the Appellant’s response to his letter requesting the
latter’s resignation. In his reply, the Appellant said:

No. I do not wish to resign.

[...]

My understanding is the will was not valid as the Foundation had already been
set up, _and Uncle Peter no longer had any control in how it is run._

[emphasis added]

The Respondent avers that “it is telling to note that the [Appellant] never
said it was [the Testator’s] intention that he should remain as a director of
the [Fong] Foundation. He simply refused to resign because he believed that
there was nothing that anyone could do about his continued presence in the
[Fong] Foundation”.

37 What the Respondent does not address is the fact that he, the Respondent,
had drafted and amended the Will over the years: see paragraphs 5 to14 of the
Respondent’s First Affidavit. At paragraph 12, the Respondent describes how
the Testator would change his will. Typically the Testator would give
instructions over coffee, and thereafter, the Respondent would draft the
amendments and send them for the Testator’s perusal. This would be followed by
a meeting where the Respondent would run through the changes. Sometimes the
Testator would make yet more changes. The Respondent would then prepare
another draft for the Testator’s review. If the changes were minor, the
Respondent would engross the will, attend the Testator, run through the
changes once more with him before the Testator signed the new will. Evelyn
would then return the old will to the Respondent for destruction and she would
keep the new will. The Respondent prepared the Will (which was the last will).
A codicil was made on 21 March 2008. Yet, if what the Respondent says is
correct, he never altered Clause 4(b) to make clear that the Appellant was to
leave the Board once the Testator passed away. In paragraph 31 of the
Respondent’s First Affidavit, the Respondent says that he drafted Clause 4(b)
on 6 April 2005, pursuant to the Testator’s instructions and that wording was
retained up to the final Will. There could be nothing simpler or clearer than
just providing that after the Testator’s death, the Board would comprise the
persons whose names were set out in the Will. This is therefore not a case
where after making his will, a testator changes his mind, tells others of his
change of mind and dies before the change is effected by a new will.

38 Finally, the Respondent does not address the fact that Carolyn was made a
director of the Fong Foundation in the Testator’s lifetime. She was appointed
on 25 January 2006, some three weeks after the Testator transferred the AT
shares to Fong Foundation and approximately two years before the Testator died
and his Will came into effect. Also, the Appellant was not removed as a
director of Fong Foundation upon the transfer of the AT shares to the Fong
Foundation and the Respondent made a director in the Appellant’s place. The
Testator executed his last Will on 23 January 2007. At the time of the
execution of his Will, Carolyn had been a director of the Foundation for about
one year. The first part of Clause 4(b) naming the current Board as
“comprising” the Testator, Linda, Evelyn and the Appellant was no longer
correct as Carolyn was already a director. But none of these factual
inaccuracies was ever amended. The Respondent does not offer any explanation
for that. As I mentioned earlier, Carolyn was appointed a director of the Fong
Foundation in the Testator’s lifetime but the Respondent was not. The AT
shares were transferred to the Fong Foundation during the Testator’s lifetime
and not under the Will.

39 It is clear on the face of Clause 4(b) of the Will, and giving Clause 4(b)
its plain and ordinary meaning, that the Will does not state, whether
expressly or impliedly, that the Appellant was to be removed as a director of
the Fong Foundation after the Testator’s death. Further, the somewhat guarded
allegations of Evelyn and Linda in their affidavits and the Respondent’s
allegations in her affidavit cannot be used to amend or insert a provision
into the Will that is not there. If the Respondent says he was expressly told
by the Testator that the Appellant was to be removed as a director after his
death, then I find it surprising that the Respondent used the language that he
did when he drafted Clause 4(b). The Respondent cannot place any reliance on
_Low Ah Cheow v Ng Hock Guan_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 1079 (“ _Low Ah Cheow_ ”)
because as the following passage itself makes clear, first there must be an
ambiguity before one can use extrinsic evidence to help resolve the ambiguity
(_Low Ah Cheow_ at [20]):

_[I]f the testator’s expressed intention is ambiguous on the face of the will_
, then the rules of construction will apply and the court may also admit
relevant admissible evidence as an aid to construction. _It must be
emphasised, however, that such extrinsic evidence is … not admissible for the
purpose of controlling, varying or altering the written will of the testator_
, but is admitted simply for the purpose of enabling the Court to understand
it, and to declare the intention of the testator according to the words [by]
which that intention is expressed. [emphasis added]

See also _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 and s 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1990 Rev Ed).

Locus standi

40 Mr Lee SC’s next contention is that even if one accepts that there is a
trust of the AT shares, the terms of which include a prohibition against the
Appellant being a director of the Fong Foundation, the Respondent does not
have the _locus standi_ to sue for breach of trust. Mr Lee SC argues, with
some force, that if the Testator was the settler of the trust, then it is
established law that a settler lacks the _locus standi_ to enforce a trust
that he has settled (see _Lewin on Trusts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2008) at
para 39-67). In _Bradshaw v University College of Wales_ [1988] 1 WLR 190 (“
_Bradshaw_ ”), a settlor had given some farmland to the college on charitable
trusts, and her executors later commenced proceedings alleging a breach of
trust. The college successfully struck out the proceedings on the ground that
the executors lacked the _locus standi_ to do so. The executors argued that as
representatives of the founder of the charity, they must have an interest in
seeing that the charity was administered in accordance with the trusts imposed
by the conveyance to which she had been a party. Hoffman J, as he then was,
disagreed and said (_Bradshaw_ at 192 and 194):

In my judgment, it is plain that the executors have no interest in this
charity. Neither they nor the estate of Miss Lewis [the settlor] could in any
sense be regarded as beneficiaries under any of the charitable purposes, nor
could the land comprised in the conveyance in any circumstances revert to Miss
Lewis’s estate. The executors, therefore, have no more interest in the charity
than any other member of the public.

…

Even assuming, which, as I have said, I do not accept, that the settlor could
have been a “person interested” on the ground that she would wish to see the
trusts of the charity enforced, I do not see how an interest of this kind
could be transmitted to the plaintiffs. Executors succeed to the property of
the deceased, not to her spirit or disembodied wishes.

Hoffman J’s decision was affirmed by the English Court of Appeal in _In re
Hampton Fuel Allotment Charity_ [1988] 3 WLR 513, at 519E-F.

41 The principle therefore is that once a settlor transfers property to
trustees, the settler has no rights left in respect of the trust property.
Unlike beneficiaries in whom are vested the equitable interest, the settlor
does not have any proprietary rights to give him _locus standi_ to sue for
enforcement. The executors and trustees of the settlor’s estate can be in no
better position.

42 In response, Mr Ang SC, relying on _Rajabali Jumabhoy v Ameerali R
Jumabhoy_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 296, submits that the Testator (and therefore,
necessarily, his executors) retained the beneficial interest in the AT shares
which were transferred to the Fong Foundation through one of two ways. First,
by transferring the AT shares but not intending to relinquish control over AT
to the Fong Foundation until after his death, as evidenced by the fact he was
the _de facto_ controlling mind of the Fong Foundation until his death, the
Testator had created an _inter vivos_ trust benefitting himself. Secondly, and
in the alternative, Mr Ang SC argued that a resulting trust arose from the
circumstances of the share transfer since there was no consideration paid for
it and no presumption of advancement applied. In both situations, Mr Ang SC
argues that the beneficial interest remains with the estate until the
executors assent to the administration of the Testator’s assets, and so, all
the Fong Foundation has at present is an inchoate right to the beneficial
interest in the AT shares. In respect of the second proposition, Mr Ang SC
conceded that the pleadings did not expressly state that a resulting trust had
been established over the AT shares in 2006, but asked the court to allow the
defective Statement of Claim to be amended rather than struck out under the
well known practice, and if necessary, the authority of _Ching Mun Fong v Liu
Cho Chit_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 53.

43 Before even going into the feasibility of the Respondent’s propositions at
[42], this issue of _locus standi_ may be dealt with by deciding, even at this
interlocutory stage, if the facts are clear and unambiguous as to whether the
Testator intended to create a trust or make a gift of the AT shares. If he
intended to make a gift, then everything the Respondent said at [42] is moot.
In this regard, the Respondent avers the Testator’s intentions are better
assessed in the course of trial when the court is able to fully assess the
relevant witnesses and evidence. I unfortunately disagree. In my view, the
contemporaneous documents relating to the share transfer as set out in [28]
all clearly show the making of a gift. The only question that remains is
whether this is an appropriate case for the court to exercise its inherent
jurisdiction to look at the affidavit evidence to establish if a reasonable
cause of action exists. I bear in mind that I should not be making an
examination of the minute facts, details and contentions and usurping the
function of a trial judge at an interlocutory stage. However, as is evident
from the foregoing, the relevant facts and documents necessary to dispose of
these issues are within a fairly narrow compass and few in number. The
relevant documents and facts are not really disputed. What is in contention is
what they mean. There is no need to go into minutiae, a large body of facts or
through voluminous documents or oral evidence to make detailed findings of
fact.

44 In my view, in the circumstances of this case, I am entitled to look at the
pleadings and evidence as it stands and come to a decision. As in the case of
_Standard Chartered_ , the Respondent’s entire claim is premised on the
validity of one fact and one fact alone: that the Testator intended to create
a trust. Once this is found to be clearly non-existent, the Respondent no
longer has a claim or the _locus standi_ to bring it.

45 Turning back to the Affidavit Exhibits, and leaving aside the transfer of
the AT shares to the Foundation two and a quarter years before the Testator’s
death, on the Respondent’s own case, the AT shares were transferred to the
Fong Foundation on trust in accordance with the terms of the Testator’s will
(paragraphs 13 and 19 of the Statement of Claim). On the language used in the
Will, the AT shares were held by the Fong Foundation, upon trust. The AT
shares were not to be held by the executors and trustees of the Testator’s
estate. The structure of the Will also clearly shows the distinction between
the Testator’s AT shares dealt with in Part I of the Will, with which we are
concerned, and those under Part II along with the Testator’s other assets and
personal estate, which are not relevant to this case. Under Clause 10, the
Testator stated clearly that the AT shares referred to earlier, were not to
form part of his personal estate under Part II. Under Clause 6.1, the income
from the AT shares were to be applied for certain charitable causes and
objects and institutions, none of which refers to the Testator’s estate. These
factors, coupled with the evidence already referred to above, including the
Schedule of Assets of the Testator filed in the probate proceedings, clearly
show the Testator’s estate never retained any beneficial interest in the AT
shares at the time this action was commenced.

46 Mr Ang SC also contended that the “beneficial interest” in the AT shares
remained with the Testator’s executors until its transfer to the Foundation
has been properly assented to. I must confess, despite Mr Ang SC’s able
arguments, that I had difficulty following the argument. It seems to be
contrary to the undisputed facts. Moreover, as Mr Lee SC points out, if the
transfer to the Fong Foundation is somehow inchoate because there has been no
such assent, then the trust has not been constituted and if so, I cannot see
how it has been breached.

47 Against these overwhelming factors, the Respondent tries to contend
otherwise because of what the Testator said to him, which did not find
expression in the Will the drafting of which was, on his own evidence,
entrusted to him, and the contemporaneous documents and the “impression[s]” of
Linda and Evelyn. The burden of proof is on the Respondent since he contends
that the clear words in the Will and the contemporaneous documentary evidence
do not mean what they state. With respect, he has clearly not discharged the
same. It is clear to me, and beyond peradventure, that the Respondent does not
have the _locus standi_ to sue.

48 The Respondent also prays for an order that Alvin and the other executors
and trustees carry out their duties as expressed in clauses 3 and 4 of the
Will and appoint him as a director of Fong Foundation. I can see no legal
basis upon which the Respondent can compel Alvin, Linda, Evelyn and Carolyn,
whether individually or collectively, as directors of Fong Foundation to do
so; (I assume Carolyn is also a shareholder and it makes no difference whether
she is or is not a shareholder). There is nothing in the memorandum and
articles of association of Fong Foundation to compel them to appoint the
Respondent as a director. As far as Alvin is concerned, neither does the Will
impose any legally enforceable obligation upon him. Although not decisive, I
note that under clause 4(b), the words used are not, eg., “... I direct ...”
but “... it is _my wish_ that...”, (emphasis added). Also, as mentioned above,
Carolyn was appointed a director of Fong Foundation before the Testator died,
but the Respondent was not.

The wrong defendant

49 Mr Lee SC submits that even if it were to be found that the terms of the
alleged trust required the Appellant’s removal as director of the Fong
Foundation, the Respondent has brought his claim against the wrong party. In
response, Mr Ang SC argues that the Appellant is a proper defendant to the
suit under O 80 r 3(1). This is a puzzling submission as that provision deals
with personal representatives of an estate who refuse to join as claimants and
are made defendants so they are parties to the suit. The reason for doing so
is _merely procedural_ and the unconsenting party does not incur any liability
as a result, unlike the Appellant’s position in this case.

50 As Mr Lee SC rightly contends, the Respondent’s claim, if at all, can only
be against the trustees for breach of the trust terms. Looking at the
Respondent’s theory of a resulting trust or an express trust (see [42]), in
both circumstances the Fong Foundation is the rightful trustee and not the
Appellant, who is only a fellow executor and trustee of the Estate and a
director of the Fong Foundation.

Scandalous, frivolous, vexatious or constituting an abuse of process

51 Finally, Mr Lee SC submits that the timing of the present action is no
coincidence: it was launched as a tactical move by the Respondent to gain
control of the Fong Foundation, and in turn, of AT as the Fong Foundation
holds 51% of AT’s total issued capital. Up to this point, the Fong
Foundation’s Board (comprising the Appellant, Carolyn, Linda and Evelyn) are
evenly divided. Neither side can push a resolution through. This would change
once the Appellant is removed and replaced by the Respondent, as he, Evelyn
and Linda would form the majority on the board. Mr Lee SC also suggests that
the Appellant was targeted as he was, at the material time, the corporate
representative of the Fong Foundation at AT’s meetings.

52 Looking at all the circumstances I have set out above, I find the
Appellant’s theory compelling. The Appellant too claims he was very close to
the Testator and there is evidence to support this claim. I mention another
undeniable fact – the Appellant was made an executor of the Will and the
Appellant was also one of the founder shareholders and founder director of
Fong Foundation. In fact, when the Respondent sent an email on 25 September
2009 to the Appellant asking him to resign as a director and the Appellant
refused, the Respondent said, in an email dated 30 October 2009, “If you
choose not to resign, I have no intention of evicting you by legal means. I
have no interest in the matter, except to respect the wishes of Peter.” I have
set out the relevant dates surrounding the various legal proceedings at [7]
above. However, since Mr Lee SC said he was not going to rely on any
allegation of a collateral motive on the part of the Respondent in launching
this suit, I say no more, other than to say that if I had to make a finding, I
would have found this action to be vexatious and an abuse of process on this
ground as well.

Conclusion

53 For the reasons set out above, I allow the appeal and strike out the
Respondent’s Statement of Claim as against the Appellant in Suit 423 of 2010.
The order for costs below is set aside.

54 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

