Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PMA Credit Opportunities Fund and others _v_ Tantono Tiny (representative
of the estate of Lim Susanto, deceased)  
[2011] SGHC 89

Case Number| :| Suit No 671 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 18 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Anand Daniel and Ganga Avadiar (Advocatus Law
LLP) for the Appellant/Defendant; Danny Ong and Yam Wern Jhien (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the Respondents/Plaintiffs.  
Parties| :|  PMA Credit Opportunities Fund and others — Tantono Tiny
(representative of the estate of Lim Susanto, deceased)  
  
11 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The Respondents in this action applied in Summons No 4095 of 2010 for
summary judgment against the Appellant, the estate of the late Susanto Lim
(“Susanto”), for a total sum of S$133,478,558.52 (as at 15 July 2009) due to
the Respondents under a Deed of Personal Guarantee No 284 dated 20 December
2006 (“the PG”). On 14 January 2011, an Assistant Registrar (“AR”) granted
summary judgment in favour of the Respondents.

2 The Appellant then appealed to this Court in Registrar’s Appeal No 18 of
2011 (“RA 18/2011”) to set aside the order made by the AR for summary judgment
or, alternatively, to give the Appellant unconditional leave to defend.

3 I heard the appeal on 2 March 2011 and dismissed it.

4 An appeal has been filed to the Court of Appeal by the Appellant against my
decision. I shall state my reasons for my decision after recounting the
salient facts.

Facts

Parties

5 PMA Credit Opportunities Fund, PMA Temple Fund and Diversified Asian
Strategies Fund are the First, Second and Third Respondents respectively. They
are investment funds registered in the Cayman Islands.

6 The Fourth Respondent, Arch Advisory Limited, is a limited liability company
incorporated in Labuan and in the business of providing securities, investment
advisory and financial planning services. The Fifth Respondent, Goldman Sachs
Foreign Exchange (Singapore) Pte, is a limited liability company incorporated
in Singapore and in the business of providing financial advisory, securities
brokerage and investment management services. The Sixth Respondent, Standard
Chartered Bank, is a limited liability company incorporated in England and
Wales and in the business of providing banking and other financial services.
The Seventh Respondent, Intertrust (Singapore) Limited (formerly known as
Fortis Intertrust (Singapore) Limited) is a limited liability company
incorporated in Singapore and in the business of providing corporate, private
wealth management and other specialised services.

7 The Appellant, Tiny Tantono (“Tiny”), is the widow of the late Susanto.
Susanto passed away in Singapore on 15 October 2009. By an Order of Court
dated 9 April 2010 (as varied by an Order of Court dated 27 May 2010), Tiny
was joined as a Defendant (now Appellant) in this action as the representative
and heir of the estate of the late Susanto. The order further stated that the
proceedings in this action be carried on and maintained against Tiny as if she
had been substituted for Susanto.

8 Susanto was an experienced and wealthy Indonesian businessman, reported by
Forbes to be amongst the top 100 richest individuals in Indonesia in 2007. He
was the indirect beneficial owner and chief executive officer of the Sawit Mas
Group, a conglomerate specialising in oleochemicals and palm oil products.

Background

9 By an agreement dated 15 December 2006 (the “Facility Agreement”), the First
Respondent extended a US$140 million syndicated loan facility (“the Facility”)
to one Palm Optics Enterprise Pte Ltd (the “Borrower”). The Borrower is part
of the Sawit Mas Group. The Sixth and Seventh Respondents were the Onshore and
Offshore Security Agents respectively under the Facility Agreement. The First
to Fifth Respondents are Lenders under the Facility Agreement.

10 In consideration for the Facility, Susanto furnished the PG in favour of
the Sixth Respondent, acting as a Security Agent for the beneficiaries
(defined by Art 1.1 of the PG to include the First to Fifth Respondents and
the Seventh Respondent).

11 Article 2 of the PG states:

2.1The Guarantor ... guarantees to the Security Agent for and on behalf of the
Beneficiaries, the due and punctual payment by [the Borrower] of the Secured
Obligations and absolutely, irrevocably and unconditionally undertakes to pay
the Secured Obligations as his own debt to the Security Agent for and on
behalf of the Beneficiaries forthwith upon first written demand by the
Security Agent in the currency and in the manner required of the Borrower
thereunder.

2.2The Guarantor ... agrees as a primary obligation and not as sureties
only... (b) to indemnify each of the Beneficiaries against any loss, cost or
expense (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) which they (or any
one or more of them) may sustain or incur as a consequence of any default or
whatsoever nature by [the Borrower] in the performance of the obligations
expressed to be assumed by [the Borrower] under or in connection with any
Finance Document...

2.4Notwithstanding any provision of any of the Finance Documents, the
Guarantor... as primary obligor, and not as sureties only, agrees that the
Beneficiaries shall be entitled to recover from the Guarantor all amounts due
from [the Borrower] to the Beneficiaries under or in connection with any
Finance Document.

12 In addition, Art 18 of the PG provides that Susanto shall indemnify and
hold harmless, on first demand, all of the Respondents against any and all
actions, claims, demands, proceedings, judgments, causes of action, losses,
liabilities, costs, charges and expenses (including without limitation all
services, value added and other duties or taxes payable on such costs, charges
and expenses) which may be suffered or incurred by any of them as a result of:

(a) any breach of warranties or undertakings made or assumed by Susanto under
the PG;

(b) the existence or use of rights conferred on, amongst others, the
Respondents under the PG; and

(c) the perfection, exercise, enforcement or the preservation of any rights
under the PG, or any other matter arising out of or in connection with the PG.

13 Art 24 of the PG provides that the PG shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the Republic of Indonesia.

14 Tiny signed a Spousal Consent to the PG on the day that Susanto signed the
PG.

15 Following the execution of the Facility Agreement, the Borrower drew down
the following sums under the Facility Agreement:

(a) on or about 7 and 14 February 2007, the sums of US$56 million and US$2
million respectively under a facility; and

(b) on or about 7 February 2007, the sum of US$70 million under another
facility.

16 On or about 7 November 2008, an amount of US$1,508,000 of principal and
US$2,876,001.93 of interest fell due and payable under the Facility Agreement.
The Borrower defaulted on its obligation under the Facility Agreement to pay
the sums.

17 Despite demands made by the Seventh Respondent, as a Security Agent, on 19
November 2008 and 6 January 2009 to the Borrower (copied to Susanto), the
Borrower failed to satisfy the outstanding amounts due. By Notices of Demand
dated 5 May 2009 and 13 May 2009 issued by the Sixth Respondent, as a Security
Agent, to Susanto, the Respondents demanded payment from Susanto of the sum of
US$122,780,000 and interest of US$6,656,517.27 then due and outstanding under
the Facility for which he was liable under the PG. Susanto did not respond to
the Notices of Demand.

18 Consequently, on 3 August 2009, this action was formally commenced against
Susanto. He entered an appearance through his then solicitors Drew & Napier
LLC on 22 September 2009. However, on 15 October 2009, he passed away in
Singapore.

19 On or about 8 December 2009, the Respondents received a letter from the
Borrower signed by Ferry Tanudjaya, Susanto’s brother-in-law, requesting the
Respondents’ consent to a proposed sale of shares in various companies and for
the PG, including all antecedent breaches and accrued rights thereunder, to be
absolutely and unconditionally discharged, waived and released.

20 Subsequently, following an Order of Court dated 9 April 2010 (as varied by
an Order of Court dated 27 May 2010), Tiny was ordered to be substituted as
Defendant (now Appellant) to this action in her capacity as representative of
Susanto’s estate.

21 The Defence was filed on 18 June 2010.

Pleaded defences and show cause defences

22 In the Defence, the Appellant essentially denied liability under the PG on
the following grounds:

(a) The PG is not binding on Susanto. He did not know how to read or
understand English when he signed the PG and the terms of the PG were not
fully and properly explained to him. Under Indonesian law (Art 24 of the PG),
the PG is not enforceable against a person who could not read and understand
the terms of the agreement that he had signed.

(b) The PG is not binding on the Appellant under Indonesian law as the
Respondents have failed to fulfil their obligations under the Facility
Agreement and instead, varied the Facility Agreement by way of a letter dated
5 February 2007 without the consent of the Appellant.

23 The Appellant did not provide any particulars in support of the above
defences.

24 However, the Appellant later went on to file eight affidavits in response
to the application for summary judgment, comprising six factual affidavits and
two expert affidavits (“the show cause affidavits”).

25 In these affidavits, the Appellant alleged that:

(a) Under Indonesian law, the PG ought to have been explained or translated by
the Notary Public (“the Notary”) (or a translator) to Susanto, and to Tiny
also, before Susanto executed the PG and before Tiny executed the Spousal
Consent.

(b) Susanto had only completed primary school education. He spoke primarily
Hokkien and sometimes “pasar bahasa” (_ie_ , informal Bahasa Indonesia). He
did not speak or write formal Bahasa Indonesia, only “pasar bahasa”. He was
not able to speak, read or write English beyond simple words and phrases like
“yes”, “no”, “good morning” and “how are you”.

(c) The Notary before whom the PG and a Spousal Consent were signed, did not
read or explain the terms of the PG to Susanto line by line in either Hokkien
or Bahasa Indonesia. Susanto was unaware that the PG created a primary
obligation on him in that the Lenders need not first make reasonable attempts
to enforce the Facility Agreement against the Borrowers before the PG can be
enforced.

(d) The contents of the PG and a Spousal Consent were not read or explained to
Tiny prior to her signing them. She did not know the contents and legal effect
of these documents.

26 The Appellant’s “full” defence (_ie_ , pleaded defences and show cause
defences combined) to the summary judgment claim may therefore be summarised
as follows:

(a) Defences under Indonesian law:

(i) procedural defence of the Notary’s failure to explain or translate line by
line the PG to Susanto and to Tiny; and

(ii) substantive defence of mistake by Susanto in executing the PG and by Tiny
in executing the Spousal Consent.

(b) Defence that the Appellant had been discharged from any and all
obligations under the PG because the Respondents failed to fulfil their
obligations under the Facility Agreement and because the Respondents
unilaterally varied the Facility Agreement without the Appellant’s consent on
5 February 2007.

27 At the appeal before me, however, the Appellant did not rely on the
allegation that the PG was not binding because the Respondents had failed to
fulfil their obligations under the Facility Agreement or because of a
variation of the Facility Agreement.

28 It must also be noted that the allegation that the PG was not read or
explained to Tiny or that her Spousal Consent was executed under a mistake was
not pleaded in the Defence.

The Issues

29 At the appeal, the issues which came before me were:

(a) Must an allegation raised for the purpose of challenging an application
for summary judgment be pleaded in a Defence?

(b) Did the Appellant raise any triable issue?

Raising of defences for the purpose of challenging O 14 applications

30 As mentioned above, the allegation in respect of Tiny was not pleaded in
the Defence.

31 At the appeal, counsel for the Respondents submitted that it is well
established that in the absence of any good reason, the party challenging an O
14, Rules of Court (Cap 322 R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) application is
not entitled to rely on or raise any unpleaded defence. In support of this
principle, counsel for the Respondents cited two High Court decisions, namely
_Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786
(“ _Lim Leong Huat_ ”) and _United States Trading Co Pte Ltd v Ting Boon Aun_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 981 (“ _United States Trading_ ”). _Lim Leong Huat_ was a
decision of mine. I delivered the grounds of decision on 25 January 2008 and
_United States Trading_ was a decision of Judith Prakash J who delivered her
judgment on 30 January 2008. These two cases reversed the previous principle
which did not bind the defendant to the four corners of his pleading (see _Lin
Securities (Pte) v Noone & Co Sdn Bhd_ [1989] 1 MLJ 321 (“ _Lin Securities_
”), cited in _United States Trading_ at [24]-[25]). Consequently, the
_Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler, SC gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2009) (“the _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ”) refers to the new principle at
para 14/3/2A.

32 However, counsel for the Appellant argued that the principle in _Lim Leong
Huat_ and _United States Trading_ did not survive the 2009 case of _Poh Soon
Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“
_Poh Soon Kiat”)_. The judgment in _Poh Soon Kiat_ was delivered on 8 December
2009. At [15] of that judgment, the Court of Appeal endorsed the previous
principle. The Court of Appeal cited _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P
Selvam ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2007) (“the _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ ”)
at para 14/2/12:

[the appellant] is bound by the four corners of his pleadings [only] at the
trial of the action, but ... not ... [in] the O. 14 proceedings.

The only case cited in support of this principle was the case of _Lin
Securities_ , which was no longer applicable in view of _Lim Leong Huat_ and
_United States Trading_.

33 It seemed that the Court of Appeal’s attention was not drawn to the two
cases decided after _Lin Securities_ or the _Singapore Court Practice 2009_.
However, its decision was not given _per incuriam_ as the two High Court
decisions are not binding on the Court of Appeal (see the judgment of Lord
Simon of Glaisdale in _Miliangos v Frank (Textiles) Ltd_ [1976] AC 443 at
477). The decision of the Court of Appeal was binding on me and so the
Appellant was not precluded by its defence from raising the allegation in
respect of Tiny. For completeness, I would add that on 3 March 2010, I
reiterated my decision in _Lim Leong Huat_ at [21] of my decision in _HSBC
Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd v Elchemi Assets Pte Ltd and
another_ [2010] SGHC 67. At that time, I was not aware of the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Poh Soon Kiat_ on the same issue. In addition, I have
also recently learned that the same issue was raised in _Rankine Bernadette
Adeline v Chenet Finance Limited_ [2011] SGHC 79. The grounds of decision were
delivered by Kan Ting Chiu J on 31 March 2011. Kan J did not have to decide
the issue. Nevertheless, he mentioned at [23] thereof that there is a
possibility that the Court of Appeal would have dealt with the issue
differently if its attention had been drawn to _Lim Leong Huat_ and _United
States Trading_ and we would have to wait till the question goes before the
Court again to have an answer.

Did the Appellant establish any triable issue?

34 A defendant has the burden of establishing that “there is an issue or
question in dispute which ought to be tried” (O 14 r 3 Rules of Court). Put in
another way, the Appellant had the burden of establishing a triable issue to
avoid summary judgment.

35 Relying on para 14/4/8 of the _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ , counsel
for the Appellant submitted that “[i]f foreign law applies to the contract
being considered, that alone provides sufficient cause for leave to defend to
be granted”. However, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ at para 14/12/1 reads:-

Where a point of law arises out of a foreign law which applies to the case,
the court is _reluctant_ to try the issue on the basis of affidavit evidence,
particularly if there is a hint of legal complexity.

[emphasis added]

36 Furthermore, in the case of “ _The Hung Vuong-2_ ” [2000] 2 SLR(R) 11, the
Court of Appeal rejected the opinion advanced by the appellant’s Vietnamese
legal expert on the basis, _inter alia_ , that it was “clearly unsustainable”
(at [19]) in the light of the relevant provision of the Vietnamese Maritime
Code. Instead, the Court preferred the opinion of the respondent’s legal
expert, which was found to be “wholly logical and sensible” at ([18]). At [16]
of the judgment, the Court of Appeal held that:

We recognise that questions of foreign law are questions of fact and where the
opinions of experts conflict on such foreign law, the court should as a
general rule refrain from making a determination on the basis of affidavit
evidence... But it does not follow that in every instance where there is a
conflict of opinions, the Singapore courts should always shy away from
examining the opinions given. ...

37 On the points of Indonesian law, the Court was assisted by the affidavit
evidence of Mr Erman Rajagukguk (“Mr Raja”) for the Appellant and Mr Wahyuni
Bahar (“Mr Bahar”) for the Respondents, who rendered two opinions each.

38 Mr Raja is a Professor of Law at the Fakultas Hukum Universitas Indonesia
in Jakarta, Indonesia. He has been a Professor of Law for 13 years and
specialises in the Law of Contract, Law of Corporation, Investment Law,
Secured Transaction and the Civil Code of Indonesia. He is admitted to
practise law in Indonesia. Mr Raja’s opinion was that the PG is invalid under
Indonesian law because:

(a) the procedures for notarisation of such a document under Indonesian Law
were not complied with;

(b) the terms and substance of the PG (which was written in English) were not
explained to Susanto (who was not able to read, write or converse in English)
before Susanto signed the PG; and

(c) the Spousal Consent signed by Tiny did not constitute informed consent.

In particular, he relied on Arts 43 and 44 of Law No 30 of 2004 in his first
opinion. The English translation reads as follows:

_Article 43_

(a)The deed shall be prepared in Bahasa Indonesia;

(b)If a party to the deed does not understand the language used in the deed,
the notary shall be obliged to translate or explain the said deed in a
language understood by the party concerned;

(c)If the notary cannot translate or explain as required under paragraph (b)
above, the said deed shall be translated or explained by an official
translator;

(d)The deed may be prepared in any other language understood by the notary and
the witnesses if stakeholders require it and the law does not stipulate
differently; and

(e)If the deed is prepared as stipulated in paragraph (d) above, the notary
shall be obliged to translate it to Bahasa Indonesia to the parties.

_Article 44_

(a)The moment following the deed being read out, the said deed shall be signed
by the parties attending, the witnesses, and the notary, unless if there is
party attended who may not sign for certain reasons;

(b)The reasons as stipulated in paragraph (a) shall be clearly stated in the
deed;

(c)If there is any translation or explanation as stipulated in (c) above, the
deed shall be signed by the parties, the notary, the witnesses, and the
official translator; and

(d)The reading out, translation or explanation and signature of the deed as
stipulated in paragraph (a) above shall be stated clearly in writing at the
end of the deed.

39 According to the Appellant, the Notary did not read, explain or translate
the contents of the PG to Susanto in either Hokkien or Bahasa Indonesia, or
explain it in such a language that he fully understood the terms and substance
of the PG before signing it. According to Mr Raja, the failure to comply with
the procedural requirements under Arts 43 and 44 rendered the PG invalid and
unenforceable. However, as can be seen, Arts 43 and 44 do not expressly state
the consequence of non-compliance.

40 In addition to the improper notarisation, Mr Raja said that Susanto did not
in fact fully understand the terms of the PG and the representatives of the
Sixth Respondent was aware of this because the PG was not translated and read
to Susanto in a language of his preference. Under Art 1320 of the Indonesian
Civil Code, an agreement must meet four requirements to be valid and one of
them was that the consent of the parties must have been present. I will set
out Art 1320 later. In Mr Raja’s opinion, a brief explanation of the PG was
not sufficient. It contained special terms. For example, there was a special
term for the waiver of the right to demand that the Respondents must first
make reasonable attempts to enforce the Facility Agreement against the
Borrower (which must have failed) before any enforcement of the PG can be
done. Such a special term must have been fully explained to Susanto before he
signed the PG.

41 The third ground of invalidity was that Tiny’s Spousal Consent was not
informed consent because the PG was not read and explained to her and she was
not asked to read it before she signed it.

42 Mr Raja also opined that the evidence of the Notary was crucial if the
dispute was before an Indonesian court.

43 The expert for the Respondents was Mr Bahar. He had been practising law for
20 years, specialising in capital market, financing and other corporate
structuring transactions. He had also lectured in two universities, one in
Bandung and one in Jakarta for eight and two years respectively.

44 In his first opinion dated 18 November 2010, Mr Bahar did not agree that
the PG had to be translated or explained line by line to Susanto. Furthermore,
he opined that even if Art 43 (or Art 44) of Law No 30 of 2004 was not
complied with, such a non-compliance would not render the PG invalid and
unenforceable. Mr Bahar said that Law No 30 of 2004 was to regulate the scope
of a Notary’s duties and obligations and not to affect the validity and
enforcement of contracts. The latter is governed by the Indonesian Civil Code
(“the ICC”).

45 Mr Bahar said that the sanction or consequence for non-compliance with,
say, Art 44 was set out in Art 84 of Law No 30 of 2004. The English
translation states:

Any violation by a notary of provisions in Article 16 paragraph (1) letter i,
Article 16 paragraph (1) letter k, Article 41, Article 44, Article 48, Article
49, Article 50, Article 51 or Article 52, which cause the deed to only have
power of authentication as a private deed or the deed being null and void, may
become a basis to the party suffering the loss to ask for the costs, damages
and interest to the notary.

46 Mr Bahar said that Art 44 prescribes the Notary’s duty to record any
reading, explanation or translation at the end of the relevant deed which is
distinct from the requirement to translate the contents of the deed into a
language understood by the party concerned. The sanction mentioned in Art 84
applies to a breach of Art 44 but not Art 43. He implied that any breach was
of Art 43 but not Art 44.

47 He said that even a breach of Art 44 did not render the deed invalid or
unenforceable. What Art 84 did was to state that if a violation of the
relevant article results in a deed being null and void, that may be a basis
for the party suffering the loss to make a claim against the Notary. Article
84 does not in itself render a deed null and void for failure to comply with
Art 44.

48 As for the ICC, he referred to Arts 1320, 1321, 1322 thereof which were
translated as follows:

_Article 1320_

a.The parties must consent to their respective rights and obligations under
the contract;

b.It must be concluded by competent parties;

c.The contract must have a definite object; and

d.The contract must have a lawful cause or purpose.

_Article 1321_

There is no valid consent if such consent is given by mistake, or is obtained
by violence extortion or by fraud.

_Article 1322_

The mistake does not result in the cancellation of an agreement unless that
mistake is happened to the nature of the object which forms the principle of
the agreement.

49 Mr Bahar noted that Susanto had signed the PG before the Notary and two
other witnesses. In addition, Mr Bahar also noted that:

(a) according to an affidavit of Tiny herself, the Notary’s assistant had (at
least) briefly explained the nature of the PG to Susanto and to her in Bahasa
Indonesia;

(b) the present dispute was not that Susanto had failed to understand that he
was signing a guarantee but that it was alleged that he had believed that the
Respondents had to commence legal proceedings against the Borrower first. On
this point, Susanto had allegedly mentioned this belief to an employee of the
Borrower, one Kasan Tjokromulia (“Kasan”) (who had allegedly then checked the
issue and told Susanto that there was no need for the Respondents to sue the
Borrower first);

(c) Susanto had not said that he did not fully understood the PG when he
signed it; and

(d) according to an affidavit and a statutory declaration signed for the
Respondents, the contents of the PG was explained in Bahasa Indonesia by the
Notary to Susanto and Tiny and the PG was negotiated by Susanto’s lawyers who
were also present at the time he signed the PG.

50 In view of the above and even without taking into account (d) above, Mr
Bahar was of the view that a plea of mistake would not be made out.

51 As for Tiny’s Spousal Consent, Mr Bahar noted that:

(a) Tiny had signed the Spousal Consent;

(b) according to an affidavit of Tiny herself, she was informed by the
Notary’s assistant that her consent was required for Susanto to sign the
document which he had signed;

(c) according to a statutory declaration signed for the Respondents, the PG
and the Spousal Consent were explained in Bahasa Indonesia to Susanto and to
Tiny by the Notary; and

(d) Tiny had been accompanied by Susanto and their lawyers on 20 November 2006
when she signed the Spousal Consent before a Notary and these lawyers had
negotiated the terms of the PG.

52 In view of the above and even without taking into account (c) and (d)
above, Mr Bahar was of the view that the Spousal Consent was valid.

53 Mr Raja’s second opinion, in response, was dated 20 December 2010. He
maintained that the Notary was obliged to explain or translate the PG in
Bahasa Indonesia to Susanto.

54 He also maintained that a failure by the Notary to do so would “necessarily
mean” that the PG is not valid and is unenforceable pursuant to Art 1320 of
the ICC. He relied on Art 84 of Law No 30 of 2004 (see [45] above).

55 In his opinion, a breach of Art 44 “could have the effect” of rendering the
PG null and void. In his view, both Arts 43 and 44 of Law No 30 of 2004 had
been breached. He was also of the view that “because Art 44 deals with
parties’ understanding of the contents of the document before providing their
consent to execute the document”, a breach of Art 44 would mean that there was
no informed consent as required under Art 1320 of the ICC.

56 Mr Raja did not disagree with Mr Bahar’s opinion on Arts 1321 and 1322 of
the ICC. However, Mr Raja maintained in [51] of his second opinion that:

In the present case, it is asserted that [Susanto] could not read, write or
speak in English and therefore could not and did not fully understand the
terms of the [PG] before he signed the document. For [Susanto] to have the
requisite understanding of the [PG] required to execute the [PG] before the
Notary, the terms and substance of the [PG] must be translated and read to
[Susanto] in a language of his preference until he acknowledges that he fully
understands the substance and terms of the [PG]. This was not done in the
present case.

57 Mr Raja was of the opinion that Susanto was mistaken as to the “nature of
the object which forms the principle of the agreement” pursuant to Art 1322 of
the ICC if he was mistaken or unaware of specific terms, for example, that he
had waived his right to require that the Plaintiffs must first make reasonable
attempts to enforce the Facility Agreement against the Borrower.

58 He expressed a similar opinion in respect of Tiny’s Spousal Consent.

59 Mr Bahar’s second opinion, in response to Mr Raja’s second opinion, was
dated 10 January 2011. Besides reiterating his first opinion, Mr Bahar
disagreed that it is sufficient for a party to be mistaken or unaware of the
specific terms of a document which impact on that party’s rights. In his
opinion, this is an “impossibly low threshold to annul a contract on the
ground of mistake” (see para 50 of his second opinion). In support, he
referred to an opinion of Professor R Subekti from R Subekti, _Hukum
Perjanjian (Contract Law)_( PT Intermasa, 4th Ed, 1976) at pp 22-23. The
English translation reads:

A mistake occurs in the event a party makes a mistake regarding the principal
matters in the agreement or the important nature of the subject-matter of the
agreement or regarding the persons with whom the agreement is entered. The
mistake must be in such a way that if the person makes no such mistake
regarding the matter, then he/she will not give a consent. ... The
counterparty must be aware of the mistake or at least ought to have been aware
that it was facing persons laboring under the mistake. If the counterparty is
not aware of the mistake or could not have been aware that it is facing
persons laboring under the mistake, then it is unfair to annul the agreement.

60 Mr Raja also said that it was not asserted or shown that Susanto would not
have signed the PG had he been fully apprised of the effect of each of the
terms of the PG and there were more than sufficient grounds for the
Respondents to believe that Susanto understood the nature and contents of the
PG.

61 Before I continue, I would mention that the Appellant sought to dilute Mr
Bahar’s opinions by pointing to a qualification which he included near the end
of each of his opinions. The qualification states:

My opinion that an obligation or document is enforceable means that the courts
of the Republic of Indonesia should enforce such obligation or document. It is
not to be taken as meaning that the obligation or document will necessarily be
enforced in accordance with its terms in all circumstances. Enforceability in
the Republic of Indonesia may be subject to the principles of good faith,
fairness, reasonableness, and public policy and the general discretion of such
courts of the Republic of Indonesia to apply such principles. The
interpretation by the courts of those principles in certain circumstances may
limit or preclude the reliance on, or enforcement of, contractual terms and
provisions.

62 In my view, that qualification was a standard one used by Mr Bahar as a
matter of caution to avoid any liability in case an Indonesian court should
come to a decision contrary to his opinion. It did not suggest a lack of
conviction in his own opinion.

63 Bearing in mind the nature of their application for summary judgment, the
Respondents proceeded on the assumption, for the present purpose, that the
Notary did not read or explain or translate the PG to Susanto and also did not
do so line by line. The evidence of the Notary was therefore not relevant for
the present purpose.

64 I agreed with Mr Bahar that Arts 43 and 44 of Law No 30 of 2004 do not
cover the same activity. That is evident from a reading of those provisions.
Art 43 refers to a Notary’s obligation to translate or explain if a party does
not understand the language used in the deed. Article 44 refers to the
requirement that the deed shall be signed by the parties and the Notary and
the witnesses and the translator but that assumes that there is a translator.
Article 44 also states that the reading, translation or explanation shall be
stated clearly in writing at the end of the deed. That assumes that there was
a translation or explanation.

65 It seemed to me that there was, at most, a breach of Art 43. Mr Raja had
suggested that a breach of Art 43 necessarily meant a breach of Art 44 because
he knew that Art 84 of Law No 30 of 2004 applied to a breach of Art 44 but not
of Art 43.

66 Even if Art 84 applied to the facts of the present case, I agreed with Mr
Bahar that Art 84 does not in itself state that a breach of Art 44 renders the
PG invalid or unenforceable. That is clear from the terms of Art 84 itself.
All it does is to state that the party suffering the loss may make a claim
against the Notary where the deed is rendered void.

67 The consequence of a breach of Art 43 (or Art 44) depends on Arts 1320 to
1322 of the ICC as opined by Mr Bahar. Significantly, Mr Raja did not say that
these Articles were irrelevant so long as Art 43 or 44 of Law No 30 of 2004
was breached. Therefore, if a deed was not translated or explained to a
guarantor but the facts show that he understood the nature of the object which
forms the principal matters of the deed, the deed is not rendered invalid just
because of a breach of Art 43 (or 44).

68 The above accords with commercial common sense. Why should a guarantee be
rendered invalid or unenforceable for lack of explanation or translation by a
Notary if in fact the guarantor understood the nature of the guarantee without
the need for such an explanation or translation?

69 Indonesian law does not lead to the conclusion advocated by Mr Raja who had
assumed that a Notary’s failure to explain or translate to Susanto in a
language or dialect he understood necessarily meant that Susanto did not
understand the nature of the PG or was unaware or mistaken about a specific
term therein.

70 The Appellant’s allegation about Susanto’s unawareness was in respect of a
term that the Respondents did not have to proceed first against the Borrower
before taking action against Susanto. This allegation arose from what Kasan
had said (see [49(b)] above).

71 Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Daniel, submitted that if Susanto was under
the impression that the Respondents had to proceed first against the Borrower,
that was a mistake as to the nature of his obligation, _ie_ , he had thought
his obligation was secondary to that of the Borrower and not a primary
obligation to the Respondents. This was a sufficient mistake to render the PG
invalid and unenforceable; it was at the least a triable issue.

72 I was of the view that even if such a mistake could arguably render the PG
invalid and unenforceable, the allegation about that mistake was a sham.

73 In the first place, the Defence did not allude to such a mistake. Instead,
it suggested that Susanto did not even know he was signing a guarantee (see
[22] above).

74 If I was not bound by the decision in _Poh Soon Kiat_ , I would have
decided that it was not open to the Appellant to raise the allegation that
Susanto was unaware of his primary obligation.

75 In any event, the failure by the Appellant to specifically raise Susanto’s
unawareness of his primary obligation in the Defence suggested a sham.

76 Secondly, if the allegation was true, Susanto would have raised it to the
Respondents at the earliest opportunity after he received the letters of
demand and after Kasan had allegedly checked and told him that it was not
necessary for the Respondents to commence legal proceedings against the
Borrower first (see [49(b)] above). Yet, there was nary a protest by Susanto
to the Respondents when he was alive. No explanation was given for this
omission.

77 Thirdly, as mentioned above at [19], on or about 8 December 2009, the
Respondents received a letter from the Borrower signed by Ferry Tanudjaya,
Susanto’s brother-in-law. That letter requested the Respondents’ consent to a
proposed sale of shares in various companies and for the PG to be discharged.

78 No explanation was given by the Appellant as to why this letter was sent
without mentioning that Susanto was unaware of his primary obligation under
the PG.

79 Fourthly, Susanto was an experienced businessman. He must have been
familiar with or at least aware of facilities like those under the Facility
Agreement and the terms thereof and the requirement of a guarantee including
the primary obligation provision. Indeed, he had signed a guarantee previously
dated 17 October 2005 (also in the English language) which the Respondents
said effectively had a similar provision as that found in the PG which allowed
action to be taken against him without having to take action against the
Borrower first. This also contradicted Kasan’s affidavit of 4 October 2010
when he said that as far as he knew, the PG (before me) was the first one that
Susanto had signed in the English language. Likewise, Tiny must have been
aware that her husband’s business required funding and that he might have to
give a personal guarantee for which her consent was required. She too had
signed a similar spousal consent for the previous guarantee dated 17 October
2005. There was no suggestion that the terms of the PG were unusual.

80 Fifthly, the Borrower was advised by both foreign and Indonesian lawyers,
_ie_ , Milbank, Tweek, Hadley & McCloy LLP (“Milbank”) and Indrawan, Heisky &
Partners (“IHP”). The terms of the Facility Agreement were negotiated over
some months. Comments were also given by Milbank and/or IHP on the terms of
the PG. While Mr Daniel sought to argue that the lawyers were not engaged by
Susanto, this was based on the technical point that the invoice of the lawyers
were not sent to or paid by Susanto personally. It was clear to me that they
were nevertheless looking after Susanto’s personal interest also, as well as
Tiny’s interest I might add. This was not a case of their interests being
overlooked or their being hung out to dry. It was also not in dispute that
lawyers from IHP accompanied Susanto and Tiny on the day the PG and Spousal
Consent were signed in the presence of the Notary.

81 According to Kasan’s affidavit of 16 December 2010, Milbank did not explain
or translate any of the transaction documents including the PG to Susanto.
Neither did IHP. IHP was not requested to explain any of the transaction
documents including the PG to Susanto and therefore did not do so. This begged
the question as to why no one asked IHP to do so and why an experienced
businessman like Susanto was nevertheless willing to sign the PG. He must have
been familiar with his obligations thereunder.

82 As for the Spousal Consent, Tiny stated at paras 6 to 9 of her second
affidavit affirmed on 5 October 2010:

6 When it came to my turn to sign the Spousal Consent, I was informed by the
Notary Public’s assistant that my consent was required for my late husband to
sign the documents that he had signed. However, none of those documents were
read or explained to me at all by the Notary Public or his assistant. I was
also not asked to read any of the documents by myself.

7 I can read, speak and understand some English, but my abilities in this
regard are limited, and I require someone to read out the document to me and
explain slowly and carefully. For instance, when my previous affidavit in this
action was signed and when I signed this affidavit, my solicitors, along with
my late husband’s colleagues, slowly and carefully explained the contents to
me, ensured that I understood, and only then did I sign.

8 I never knew the contents and legal effects of the documents that I had
signed at the Notary’s office because none of those documents were read or
explained to me at all by the Notary Public or his assistant. I was also not
asked to read any of the documents by myself.

9 Consequently, while I may have signed the Spousal Consent, it was not
informed consent as no one read or explained any of the documents to me at
all.

83 Yet, when I asked Mr Daniel what Tiny was not able to understand
specifically, he accepted that she had not addressed this point. Her position
seemed to be that there was no informed consent on her part just because no
one read or explained any document to her at all.

84 Bearing in mind that she did not explain what she did not understand
specifically, the fact that the allegation in respect of the Spousal Consent
was raised so late in the day (_ie_ , in her second affidavit of 5 October
2010 for the first time) and the points mentioned in [79] and [80] above, I
concluded that this was a sham allegation as well.

85 In the circumstances, I did not think that there was a triable issue and I
dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

