Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Hean Nerng Holdings Pte Ltd
and another  
[2011] SGHC 11

Case Number| :| Suit No 334 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 435 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kertar Singh s/o Guljar Singh (Kertar & Co) for the
plaintiff; Koh Choon Guan Daniel (Eldan Law LLP) for the first defendant.  
Parties| :|  South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Hean Nerng Holdings
Pte Ltd and another  
  
13 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff against an order by the assistant
registrar Mr Teo Guan Siew (“AR”) on 20 October 2010 that the plaintiff
provide security for costs to the first defendant in the sum of $90,000. I
reserved judgment after submissions were completed because this dispute has a
long history and I think that it was necessary to consider that in the context
of the appeal.

2 The trouble arose in 2004 when the first defendant (respondent) obtained a
default judgment in the magistrates’ court for $27,794 and pursuant to that
levied execution by writ of seizure and sale. The execution was carried out by
the second defendant (respondent) bailiff. The plaintiff filed this action
against the first defendant in 2009 claiming that the defendants had
negligently executed the writ of seizure and sale. This action was brought
after an initial application in August 2004 to set aside the writ of seizure
and sale failed, largely because it was made after the goods had already been
seized and sold. Thereafter, this action was filed – four years later. The
first defendant then applied to strike out the claim but I did not think that
the matter should be struck out without trial, notwithstanding that the
plaintiff could not explain why it took four years to commence this action.

3 The first defendant subsequently made an application for security for costs
under s 388(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50). It provides that –

Where a corporation is plaintiff in any action or other legal proceeding the
court having jurisdiction in the matter may, if it appears by credible
testimony that there is reason to believe that the corporation will be unable
to pay the costs of the defendant if successful in his defence, require
sufficient security to be given for those costs and stay all proceedings until
the security is given

4 Counsel for the plaintiff argued that the AR wrongly exercised his
discretion because there was no credible testimony regarding the plaintiff’s
inability to pay costs. Further, counsel submitted that the merits of the case
lay in favour of the plaintiff. It was submitted that the seizure and sale
carried out in June 2004 was negligently carried out resulting in the loss now
claimed. It was alleged that the bailiff did not keep a proper record of the
goods seized or the details of the sale. Counsel thus argued that the
application for security was not made in good faith, and was calculated to be
an oppressive act. Finally, counsel submitted that such an order should not be
made if the plaintiff was not impecunious. The security ordered had been given
in this case. Counsel argued that, in any event, the sum of $90,000 up to the
filing of the affidavit of evidence-in-chief was excessive.

5 In perusing the records, I am of the view that the evidence indicated that
the plaintiff was more likely to be impecunious than not. From 2004 it had not
been paying its debts and the only indication was the post-order event of
satisfying the order and producing security of $90,000. In the interim, there
were no financial records of the plaintiff since it had not been filing its
financial records. Given the long standing dispute and apparent animosity
between the parties, the AR was entitled to think that there was reasonable
cause to believe that the plaintiff might not pay costs should it fail in this
action. I am not persuaded that the AR’s discretion was wrongly exercised.

6 Having regard to the nature of the case and the overall circumstances, the
sum of $90,000 does not appear to be unreasonable. I think that in the event
that the plaintiff succeeds at trial it is not likely to say that this had
been an overestimation.

7 For the reasons above the appeal is dismissed. Costs to follow the event and
be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

