Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  MovingU Pte Ltd _v_ Trans-Cab Services Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 254

Case Number| :| Suit No 409 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R S Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) and Alan Shankar (Alan Shankar &
Lim LLC) for the plaintiff; Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) and Lim
Khoon(Lim Hua Yong & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  MovingU Pte Ltd — Trans-Cab Services Pte Ltd  
  
28 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This action was commenced by MovingU Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”) alleging,
_inter alia_ , breach of a contract it entered into with Trans-Cab Services
Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”) for the rental of certain mobile credit card reading
devices meant to be used in taxi vehicles. The Defendant filed a counterclaim
against the Plaintiff seeking, _inter alia_ , refund of all moneys previously
paid to the Plaintiff pursuant to the contract, damages, as well as a
declaration that the contract was validly terminated by the Defendant on 29
April 2010.

The facts and the evidence

2 The Plaintiff is a supplier and operator of point-of-sale terminals, mobile
credit card terminals and card payment processing equipment for use in taxis,
_inter alia_ , while the Defendant is a taxi operator running a fairly
sizeable fleet of taxis in Singapore. The Plaintiff’s three directors are Ng
Meng Yang Gary (“Gary Ng”), Kim Moon Soo (“Kim”) and Koh Beng Kiok Anthony
(“Anthony Koh”), while the Defendant’s general manager is one Jasmine Tan Siew
Kim (“Jasmine Tan”).

3 The Plaintiff had previously commenced a legal action against the Defendant
in Suit No 481 of 2008 claiming, _inter alia_ , breach of contract in a matter
that is not of immediate relevance to the present action. That action was
subsequently withdrawn pursuant to an out-of-court settlement, one of the
consequences of which was that the Plaintiff and the Defendant entered into a
written agreement (“the Rental Agreement”) dated 15 January 2009 providing for
the rental (in stages) of 2,500 units of certain credit card terminals
functioning primarily as printers (“the CC terminals”), Nokia handphones and
related accessories (collectively known as “the units”) from the Plaintiff to
the Defendant.

4 Under cl 1.1 of the Rental Agreement, the parties agreed that “[t]he units
shall be _enabled_ to accept payment via credit cards, debit cards and
corporate cards” (emphasis added). At trial, the “enabling” process for each
of the units was understood by consensus to include four essential steps,
namely:

(a) the “programming” of Nokia software into the Nokia handphone so as to
enable it to communicate with the CC terminal;

(b) the “setting up” of the unit by way of “inputting” certain data into the
supporting system serving the unit;

(c) the “pairing” and “synchronisation” between the programmed Nokia handphone
and the CC terminal so that the two components are able to communicate with
each other electronically; and

(d) the “activation” of the unit by way of switching the unit device out of
its default suspension mode.

5 Clauses 4.1 and 4.2 of the Rental Agreement provide the following:

4.1Upon the execution of this Agreement, the [Defendant] shall be deemed to
have placed an order for 500 units of the MC Swipe-2 Credit Card Terminals,
Nokia handphone and Sim Card with [the Plaintiff] and shall pay a security
deposit of S$50,000.00 (being S$100.00 per unit) to the [Plaintiff].

4.2A minimum order of 200 units shall be placed by the [Defendant] every
quarterly commencing three (3) months from the date of this Agreement
excluding the first order of 500 units made on the date of this Agreement.

Parenthetically, cl 4.2 is the subject of dispute as to whether the minimum
order was correctly stipulated as 200 units instead of 250 units. However,
counsel for the Plaintiff agreed that this issue is not critical.

6 By cl 6 of the Rental Agreement, the Plaintiff was to deliver the units to
the Defendant within six weeks from the date an order was placed pursuant to
cl 4.2 of the Rental Agreement. If the Plaintiff failed to deliver within the
stipulated six-week period, a one-week extension for delivery was to be given,
beyond which the Plaintiff would be liable to the Defendant for liquidated
damages of 1% per week (or any part thereof) on the rental payable on the
units ordered but not delivered timeously. In the event the Plaintiff was
still unable to deliver the units within eight weeks after the expiry of the
initial six-week period, the Defendant would be entitled to terminate the
Rental Agreement with the right to compensation for all consequential losses
and damage.

7 Pursuant to the Rental Agreement, the first batch of 500 units (“the first
batch units”) was delivered by the Plaintiff to the Defendant on or about 1
June 2009. Those units were agreed to be “enabled” in a way that required the
Defendant to furnish the Plaintiff with the Defendant’s taxi drivers’ personal
particulars (which included the taxi drivers’ identification numbers as well
as their taxi registration numbers) for the “setting up” of the units prior to
their delivery to the Defendant’s premises (see [4] above). The Defendant
later failed to place the further quarterly order stipulated in cl 4.2 of the
Rental Agreement, thereby prompting the Plaintiff’s solicitors to write to the
Defendant’s solicitors on 7 December 2009 reserving the Plaintiff’s rights
with respect thereto.

8 The Defendant eventually placed a second order with the Plaintiff for a
total of another 500 units on 16 December 2009 via a “purchase order”. These
units (“the second batch units”) were delivered by the Plaintiff to the
Defendant on 19 March 2010. The Defendant, through its representative Jasmine
Tan, received the second batch units delivered by the Plaintiff’s
representative, Gary Ng. The latter inscribed on the delivery order issued to
the Defendant an entry stating, “Received & to be checked later”, replacing a
printed acknowledgment which read, “Goods Received in Good Order & Conditions”
which Jasmine Tan deleted. It is common ground that the reason for this
alteration in the delivery order was because Jasmine Tan had indicated to Gary
Ng, and the latter had agreed with her at the time of delivery that she would
have no means of verifying the good working condition of the second batch
units until such later time when the units were issued to the Defendant’s taxi
drivers.

9 The delivery of the second batch units was subsequently rejected by the
Defendant by way of a letter prepared by the Defendant’s solicitors dated 24
March 2010. The letter which was addressed to the Plaintiff’s solicitors
stated as follows:

**MC SWIPE-2 CREDIT CARD TERMINAL RENTAL AGREEMENT (“the Agreement”)**

We are instructed that your clients delivered the 500 units of the MC Swipe 2
to our clients sometime last week.

We are however instructed that all 500 units cannot be used at all because the
handphone and printer are not compatible and cannot be used, and because the
chargers also cannot be used.

As such, our clients reject the delivery of all 500 units. Accordingly, your
clients cannot be considered to have delivered the 500 units as ordered under
the Agreement.

Further, given that the lead time for this batch of 500 units commenced on 20
January 2010, your clients are already in delay, having failed to meet the
initial 6 weeks lead time that expired on 3 March 2010.

Please note that our clients reserve all their rights under the Agreement.

10 The events leading up to the Defendant’s solicitor’s letter of 24 March
2010 are considerably in dispute, save for the following material facts. The
second batch units were kept in the Defendant’s premises after Gary Ng handed
the units over to Jasmine Tan on 19 March 2010. On 22 March 2010, the
Defendant directly distributed 25 of the second batch units to its taxi
drivers without the Plaintiff’s knowledge or assistance. At this time there
were 50 units remaining in stock from the first batch. On 23 March 2010, Gary
Ng received a telephone call from Jasmine Tan who complained that units from
the second batch could not function properly and that the units should have
been “programmed” under the generic name “Transcab” instead of the individual
names and particulars of the Defendant’s taxi drivers as in the first batch.
(It is unclear whether the word “programme” was the most appropriate term in
view of the clarification at trial of the four steps that the “enabling”
process consists of (see [4] above). However, it was also used by Gary Ng in
the same conversation.) An audio recording as well as transcript of this
telephone conversation was admitted and heard in evidence.

11 According to the Plaintiff, Gary Ng and other personnel from the Plaintiff
attended at the Defendant’s premises on 25 March 2010 for the purpose of
deploying units for any of the Defendant’s taxi drivers who turned up that
day. A few units were deployed on the same day, although it was not
immediately clear whether those units were in fact programmed under the
generic name “Transcab” or the individual names and particulars of the taxi
drivers who turned up. Anthony Koh alleged that on that same day, he noticed
through a glass window of a locked room at the Defendant’s premises (where the
second batch units were kept) that the units had been removed from their
packages (there being 50 in each) and left untidily on the floor of the locked
room. It was also on the same day that the Defendant demanded and insisted
that the Plaintiff take back all the remaining second batch units including
their accompanying chargers which were found to be incompatible for use
because the connector plugs were too big. This was done by Gary Ng on behalf
of the Plaintiff the next day (_ie_ , 26 March 2010).

12 According to Anthony Koh, from 27 to 28 March 2010, Gary Ng and Kim
conducted functionality checks on the returned units and observed that many of
the previously working CC terminals did not pass their “Self Print” test
function. During the functionality test, the components of the CC terminals
were visually examined by Gary Ng aided by a magnifier of three times
magnification. Based on the visual examination conducted at the Plaintiff’s
premises, the three directors arrived at the conclusion that most of the units
it took back from the Defendant on 26 March 2010 had been tampered with in
that:

(a) there were, _inter alia_ , burn marks, screws removed and cuts observed on
the “IC component pins”; and

(b) the Printed Circuit Board’s components in the units had been removed by
hot soldering.

This led to the Plaintiff lodging a police report in the early hours of 31
March 2010. Ten of the units returned by the Defendant were also sent to its
manufacturer, Ines Co Ltd (“Ines”), in Korea for analysis on 29 March 2010.
The analysis report released on 5 April 2010 by Ines was admitted in evidence
(“the Ines analysis report”). By the request of Ines, a further examination of
350 of the second batch units was subsequently conducted by an independent
party known as Merit Teletech (M.R.T.) some four months later, from 26 to 29
July 2010, yielding another analysis report dated 29 July 2010 (“the Merit
Teletech analysis report”).

13 Further in the afternoon of 31 March 2010, the Plaintiff entered the
Defendant’s premises and, according to the Plaintiff, three broken pieces of
electronic components belonging to the second batch units together with what
was thought to be a solder bit were found on the floor of the room where the
second batch units were previously kept. This discovery was alleged to have
been witnessed by a taxi driver known as Ng Teow Seng who happened to be
present at the Defendant’s premises at the time. To that end, the Plaintiff
produced a service form bearing Ng Teow Seng’s signature (hereinafter referred
to as “MCP Service Form”) on which was written: “Note: Witness components
found on the floor carpet (Room)”. The Plaintiff eventually lodged another
police report on 6 April 2010 relating to the alleged discovery on 31 March
2010.

14 As a result of the dispute between the parties, the second batch units were
never re-delivered to the Defendant. (The Plaintiff pleaded in para 33 of its
Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) that it was “able, willing and ready” to
re-deliver but stopped short of saying that it had attempted to do so.
Instead, it merely alleged that the Defendant remained silent, seeming thereby
to suggest that it was for the Defendant to call for re-delivery.) On 29 April
2010, the Defendant’s solicitor wrote to the Plaintiff’s solicitor giving
notice that the Defendant had decided to terminate the Rental Agreement
pursuant to cl 6 thereunder (see [6] above). As a result, the Plaintiff
commenced this action claiming, _inter alia_ , loss of profits and damages
arising from the Defendant’s wrongful termination of the Rental Agreement. As
mentioned earlier, the Defendant filed a counterclaim against the Plaintiff
seeking, _inter alia_ , refund of all moneys previously paid to the Plaintiff
pursuant to the Rental Agreement, damages, as well as a declaration that the
Rental Agreement had been validly terminated by the Defendant on 29 April
2010.

The issues

15 Whether the Defendant had breached the Rental Agreement and unlawfully
terminated it depended principally on the question whether the Defendant had
tampered with the second batch units while the units were kept at the
Defendant’s premises from 19 to 26 March 2010 (“the issue of tampering”) it
being common ground that the second batch units had indeed been tampered with.
If the Defendant did tamper with the units, that would be the end of the
matter since the Defendant could not possibly justify rejecting the goods
rendered faulty and unusable by its own culpable conduct. Conversely, if the
issue of tampering were to be resolved in favour of the Defendant, it would,
for reasons that will be explained later (see [31]–[32] below), be entitled to
maintain that it did not wrongfully terminate the Rental Agreement on 29 April
2010.

16 Apart from the issue of tampering, counsel for both sides also spent
considerable time during the trial delving into evidence relating to one other
issue, namely, whether the Defendant had given instructions to the Plaintiff
that in respect of the second batch units the Plaintiff was to have those
units programmed under the generic name “Transcab” as opposed to the
individual names and particulars of the Defendant’s taxi drivers as in the
first batch (“the issue of variation”). This issue was considered to be of
relevance because one of the reasons given by Jasmine Tan in rejecting the
units from the second batch was that the Plaintiff had failed to act on her
instructions to dispense with the pre-deployment procedure of programming
those units under the individual names and particulars of the taxi drivers.

The decision

The issue of tampering

17 As mentioned earlier, it is not disputed that the CC terminals from the
second batch units had been tampered with, as a result of which the CC
terminals could not function properly. What is in dispute, however, is whether
the Defendant was the one who had tampered with the CC terminals.

18 The Plaintiff contends that it was the Defendant who had tampered with the
CC terminals. Anthony Koh testified that while he attended at the Defendant’s
premises on 25 March 2010, he observed that the units were “scattered and
sprawled all over the room” where those units were stored. The Plaintiff
relies on two analysis reports in further support of its contention. These
reports, alluded to earlier, are the Ines analysis report and the Merit
Teletech analysis report (see [12] above). The conclusion in the Ines analysis
report (dated 5 April 2010 and therefore five days after the Plaintiff’s 31
March 2010 police report) was as follows:

1\. The Analysis of all the 10 sets of MC50 Printers showed inconsistent
damages and missing [_sic_] to the parts.

2\. They were not caused by manufacturing defects but due to manual removal of
the parts.

3\. The cuts to the circuit parts and removal of the parts are done using
sharp shouldering [_sic_] device.

4\. It could be a deliberate act to the [_sic_] make the printer malfunction.

In the Merit Teletech analysis report (dated 29 July 2010), it was concluded
that:

\- All the 350 sets MC50 printers showed removal of parts (C,R) and damages to
IC PIN (leg).

\- The parts removal and cut of IC pin of printer caused multi malfunction of
printers.

\- They were not caused by manufacturing defects but due to manual removal and
cut to parts (R,C) and IC.

\- It is obvious that deliberate act involved to make the printer malfunction.

19 Apart from these reports, the Plaintiff also seeks to rely on its alleged
discovery of the three broken pieces of electronic components and what was
initially thought to be a solder bit on 31 March 2010, as well as the contents
of the MCP Service Form (see [13] above), to bolster its case of tampering
against the Defendant.

20 The Defendant vigorously denies all of the Plaintiff’s allegations. For the
purposes of defending this action, the Defendant engaged TÜV SÜD PSB in around
February 2011 to conduct an examination of 15 sample units from the second
batch units and to compare the relevant results of the examination with those
in the Ines analysis report and Merit Teletech analysis report. The analysis
report from TÜV SÜD PSB (“the PSB analysis report”) (dated 18 April 2011)
stated:

**EXAMINATION METHODS**

1.Survey on all damaged printers available and sampling some printers for
laboratory examination;

2.Visual examination using naked eyes and magnifier (3x magnifier was used in
the examination) on the randomly sampled printers.

…

**SUMMARY**

1.Two kinds of damages or defects, missing components and broken (fracture)
pins of IC, were observed in the printers.

2.Much more missing components than those listed in the earlier reports were
found in two PCBAs inside all printer samples …

3.Although visual examination directly on the samples using naked eyes and
magnifier was slightly better than just looking at the pictures in previous
two reports, microscopic features (“finger print”) of the broken (separation
or fracture) surfaces of pins and soldering surfaces of missing components
could still not be revealed clearly, thus, the cause(s) of missing components
and pin broken (fracture) could not be confirmed by the current examination
methods.

21 I should also mention that counsel for the Defendant suggested to Anthony
Koh in cross-examination that the Plaintiff had “staged” the events
surrounding the discovery of the three broken pieces of electronic components
and what was initially thought to be a solder bit on 31 March 2010, thereby
implicitly also suggesting that the tampering of the CC terminals in question
was committed by the Plaintiff and not the Defendant. This line of
questioning, however, met with strong objection from counsel for the Plaintiff
who quite rightly pointed out that the Defendant had not raised any allegation
of fraud against the Plaintiff in the Defendant’s own pleadings.

22 Looking at the evidence in its entirety, I am not satisfied that the
Defendant had tampered with the CC terminals in question. The Plaintiff argues
that the fact that the units were found to be “scattered and sprawled all over
the room” at the Defendant’s premises on 25 March 2010 (see [18] above)
supported its allegation that the Defendant was the one who had tampered with
the CC terminals in question. Jasmine Tan explained that the units had been
placed outside their packed cartons because she had conducted a physical count
of the units prior to distribution to the taxi drivers on 22 March 2010. The
Plaintiff challenged this explanation by arguing that a mere counting of the
units would not have resulted in the units being “scattered and sprawled all
over the room”. However, it should be noted that the very assertion that the
units were “scattered” and “sprawled” was denied by the Defendant and not
corroborated by any objective evidence in the first place. More importantly,
Anthony Koh admitted in cross-examination that the units alleged to be
“scattered and sprawled all over the room” were still in their individual
packaging. This gives me further reason to believe Jasmine Tan’s explanation
that the units were lying outside their packed cartons because she had opened
the cartons to conduct a physical count of the units in the room.

23 In any event, I fail to see why the Defendant, if indeed it had tampered
with the units in question, would have left the units scattered in the manner
alleged by the Plaintiff and risked discovery when the Defendant well knew
that the Plaintiff’s personnel would be attending at the Defendant’s premises
on 25 March 2010 (as was its custom every Thursday) (see [34] below).

24 I am not persuaded by the Plaintiff’s explanation that the Defendant had
resorted to tampering with the units in order to mount a faux justification
for (a) its rejection of the second batch units delivered on 19 March 2010;
and (b) its termination of the Rental Agreement pursuant to cl 6. It was
implausible that the Defendant would tamper with the second batch units while
the units were in its custody, given that tampering would easily have been
discovered through forensic analysis by the experts at the end of the day.
Indeed, when Anthony Koh was confronted in cross-examination with this
reasoning, he had no answer, apart from repeating the bare assertion that the
Defendant was all along plotting to get out of the Rental Agreement.

25 It should also be mentioned that by Gary Ng’s own admission the chargers
forming part of the second batch units on 19 March 2010 were found to be
incompatible for use because the connector plugs were too big. This in itself
would have constituted ground for complaint.

26 Another reason for my doubting that the Defendant had tampered with the
units is that the tampering appears to have been committed by somebody
familiar with the circuit boards of the units; in many of the affected units
(each consisting of about 150 fairly tiny components) the same PIN numbers
were cut and the same components removed. It has not been suggested that the
Defendant was familiar with the structure and layout of the circuit boards of
the units. I am doubtful that the Defendant on its own would be capable of
tampering with the units via such a fairly targeted and precise technical
procedure. The Plaintiff did not suggest that the Defendant might have
enlisted outside help.

27 I now consider the Defendant’s suggestion that the tampering of the CC
terminals might in fact have been the doing of the Plaintiff. In so doing, the
Defendant cannot hope to secure a finding that the Plaintiff did tamper with
the units, given that there is no pleading to that effect. Rather, the purpose
can only be to refute the Plaintiff’s allegation that the Defendant tampered
with the units. I make three observations in this regard. First, Anthony Koh
claimed that when he visually examined the CC terminals which were returned to
the Plaintiff on 26 March 2010, he was able to observe, _inter alia_ , the
following aided by a magnifier of three times magnification:

(a) That there were components missing on the circuit board of the CC
terminals;

(b) That the components were missing because they had been removed; and

(c) That the components were removed by the process of hot soldering.

However, Anthony Koh’s evidence was directly contradicted by the PSB analysis
report (see [20] above) where the same examination method (_ie_ , using the
naked eye and a magnifier of three times magnification) was employed by an
expert, Dr Yu Yonghe (“Dr Yu”). In the PSB analysis report, Dr Yu made the
following finding:

Although visual examination directly on the samples using naked eyes and
magnifier was slightly better than just looking at the pictures in previous
two reports, _microscopic features (“finger print”) of the broken (separation
or fracture) surfaces of pins and soldering surfaces of missing components
could still not be revealed clearly, thus, the cause(s) of missing components
and pin broken (fracture) could not be confirmed by the current examination
methods_. [emphasis added]

The PSB analysis report was not challenged. It was clearly at odds with
Anthony Koh’s testimony as regards what he claimed he could visually observe
when he examined the units in question. Anthony Koh (and indeed Gary Ng as
well) therefore appeared rather uncannily to have had more knowledge regarding
the precise nature, extent and cause of the damage to the units than his
examination could have afforded at the material time.

28 Secondly, it is common ground that Gary Ng (accompanied by Anthony Koh, Kim
and one Esmund Ng (“Esmund”) lodged a police report on 31 March 2010 alleging
foul play in respect of the CC terminals delivered to the Defendant on 19
March 2010 (see [12] above). In the police report, Gary Ng in categorical
terms alleged that he “found out that some sets have sign [_sic_] of the screw
being removed, there was a cut sign on the IC component pin, [and] PCB
component had been removed by hot soldering”. Anthony Koh in his testimony
accepted that the police report was based on the Plaintiff’s own service
report prepared around one or two hours before the police report of 31 March
2010 was lodged. The service report stated:

Functionality tests/checks were conducted on all the sets brought back on 26th
Mar 2010 from TransCab office. During functionality checks, we noticed there
were numerous sets that had burnt marks on the self test printed slip. Also
there were sign of screws being removed and not properly fastened on the MC50
printer. There were about 339 MC50 sets found to be either cannot be power up
or failed the self test print.

We have made further observation on some of the MC50 sets being tampered,
either with burnt marks or sign of screw not fastened properly by comparing
them with our working MC50 set. We noticed some missing electronic components
on the electronic circuitry board.

We gather 10 sets to be sent to Korea manufacturer for details analysis.

In view of the tell tales signs of tampering and burnt marks, we suggested the
matters should be reported to the Police Authority for investigation.

But nothing in the service report mentioned any “cut sign” on the IC component
pin or removal of the PCB component by hot soldering as described in the
police report. When queried on this discrepancy, the Plaintiff’s witnesses
could offer no satisfactory explanation. I should also add that it was only
much later after the police report had been lodged that soldering was
confirmed by Ines to have been the method by which components were removed
from the circuit boards of the units (see [18] above). Here again, either Gary
Ng and others within the Plaintiff were prescient, or one or more of them had
something to do with the tampering.

29 Thirdly, all the Plaintiff’s personnel (comprising the three directors and
one Esmund) visited the Defendant’s premises in the afternoon of 31 March 2010
to attend to taxi driver Ng Teow Seng who had allegedly complained that the
unit he was issued with could not function properly. According to Anthony Koh,
one of the main reasons why the Plaintiff’s personnel attended in full force
at the Defendant’s premises that day was because they had wanted to understand
how damage to Ng Teow Seng’s unit was done. However, Anthony Koh’s account of
the facts was directly contradicted by Ng Teow Seng who testified that his
attendance at the Defendant’s premises on 31 March 2010 was merely for the
purpose of receiving training from the Plaintiff’s personnel on the proper
usage of the unit which had been earlier issued to him. He had not raised any
complaint that his unit was faulty, let alone damaged. That was also the same
afternoon when the Plaintiff allegedly made the discovery of the three loose
electronic components and what was initially thought to be a solder bit at the
Defendant’s premises – a discovery which the Plaintiff claimed was witnessed
by Ng Teow Seng who later signed an MCP Service Form bearing the following:
“Note: Witness components found on the floor carpet (Room)” (see [13] above).
Ng Teow Seng, however, testified that when Gary Ng verbally asked him to be a
witness following the alleged discovery, he declined to do so. In addition, Ng
Teow Seng also testified that because he had not read the details stated in
the MCP Service Form, it was possible that the Note quoted above was not in
the MCP Service Form at the time when he signed it. To be fair, it is equally
possible the Note was on the MCP Form when Ng Teow Seng signed it. Be that as
it may, the contradiction between Ng Teow Seng’s evidence and the Plaintiff’s
account of the events of the 31 March 2010 afternoon casts some doubt on the
latter’s account.

30 In the light of the foregoing, and on the balance of probabilities, I am of
the opinion that the Plaintiff failed to prove that the Defendant tampered
with the second batch units.

Was the Rental Agreement wrongfully terminated by the Defendant?

31 It follows from the above holding that the Defendant did not wrongfully
terminate the Rental Agreement on 29 April 2010. The reason is simple. Clause
1.1 of the Rental Agreement provided that the units “shall be enabled to
accept payment via credit cards, debit cards and corporate cards”. Clearly,
the units were unable to do so. If further support was required, s 9 of the
Supply of Goods Act (Cap 394, 1999 Rev Ed) (the Act”) which I find applicable
to the Rental Agreement by virtue of s 6 of the same Act (but which was not
brought to my attention by counsel), statutorily implies a condition that
goods supplied under a contract for hire thereof must be of satisfactory
quality.

32 It is well accepted by both parties that the units in question had been
tampered with and were unable to function properly. Those units were therefore
not of satisfactory quality as envisaged by ss 9(2) and 9(2A) of the Act.
Accordingly, the Defendant was entitled to reject the second batch units and
upon failure by the Plaintiff to re-deliver 500 units in working order within
14 weeks after 16 December 2009 (the date the Defendant placed the order for
the second batch) to terminate the Rental Agreement.

The issue of variation

33 The foregoing analysis is sufficient to dispose of the matter before me.
However, for the sake of completeness, I will now deal with the question
whether the Defendant had given prior instructions to the Plaintiff to have
the second batch units programmed under the generic name “Transcab” as opposed
to the individual names and particulars of the Defendant’s taxi drivers.

34 It is helpful to set out in greater detail the relevant background and the
arguments raised by the parties in respect of the issue of variation before I
give my analysis. The Defendant placed its order for the second batch units
via a “purchase order” on 16 December 2009 (see [8] above). The Defendant
claimed that in a meeting held between Jasmine Tan and the Plaintiff’s three
directors sometime in late November 2009 or in early December 2009, Jasmine
Tan had instructed the Plaintiff to programme the second batch units under the
generic name “Transcab” and not under the individual names and particulars of
the Defendant’s taxi drivers who would be the end-users of the second batch
units. According to Jasmine Tan, this was because of certain administrative
problems previously encountered in respect of the first batch units when taxi
drivers decided to return the units after each having been issued with one and
the same were issued to other taxi drivers. This necessitated the fresh input
of the names and particulars of these other taxi drivers into the same units
and the removal of the earlier names and particulars. Such re-programming
could only be done by the Plaintiff’s personnel who would only officially be
present at the Defendant’s premises every Thursday of the week. The
Defendant’s request for the second batch units to be programmed under the
generic name “Transcab” was intended to overcome this administrative
inconvenience previously experienced not only by the Defendant but by its taxi
drivers as well. In fact, having the second batch units programmed under the
name “Transcab” as opposed to the names and particulars of individual taxi
drivers would enable the Defendant to directly distribute those units to its
taxi drivers (as it did on 22 March 2010 (see [10] above)) without being
confined to the Plaintiff’s narrow time schedule. The other reason for
preferring this arrangement was to enable the Defendant to efficiently push
out the units to its taxi drivers so as to minimise any “idle” time for which
rent was being charged from the moment of their delivery to the Defendant.

35 The Plaintiff, on the other hand, denied that Jasmine Tan had given any
instructions as alleged by the Defendant. It sought strenuously to discredit
Jasmine Tan who was the Defendant’s primary witness. In its submissions, the
Plaintiff argues that Jasmine Tan was inconsistent in her evidence; the
Plaintiff points out that Jasmine Tan’s explanation in cross-examination (that
prior to 17 December 2009 she had _unofficially_ asked Gary Ng whether there
was any way that the second batch units need not be programmed with the
Defendant’s taxi drivers’ particulars) was nowhere found in the Defendant’s
pleadings or her own affidavit of evidence-in-chief. The Plaintiff further
highlighted that Jasmine Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief did not square
with the Defendant’s pleadings as found in para 11 of the Defence whereas the
latter stated that prior to the issuance of the purchase order (_ie_ , 16
December 2009), Jasmine Tan had a meeting with the Plaintiff’s three directors
where the programming of the second batch units under the name “Transcab” was
discussed. Jasmine Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief stated that it was 17
December 2009 when the said meeting took place. In its submissions, the
Plaintiff also pointed out that letters exchanged between the Plaintiff’s
solicitors and the Defendant’s solicitors when the present dispute arose made
no mention of Jasmine Tan’s instructions for the second batch units to be
programmed under the name “Transcab”. The Plaintiff argues that if indeed
Jasmine Tan had given the instructions as alleged, there would be no such
glaring omission in those letters exchanged between the two sets of
solicitors.

36 Having examined the evidence, I find that the Defendant’s version of the
facts is ultimately the more believable one, notwithstanding the
inconsistencies in Jasmine Tan’s evidence which may reasonably be attributed
to human imperfection in the recollection of events. The reasons are as
follows.

37 First, I find that Jasmine Tan’s explanation of how unwieldy it was and
would continue to be if the second batch units were to be programmed under the
individual names and particulars of the Defendant’s taxi drivers sound,
reasonable and convincing. I also note that Jasmine Tan had gone further to
explain how the Defendant at its end would be able to cope with the change in
the way the second batch units were to be programmed, notwithstanding the
Plaintiff’s concern that there might be consequential problems in the
processing of claims from taxi drivers issued with the units. As explained by
Jasmine Tan in court, the dispensation with the need to programme the second
batch units under the taxi drivers’ individual names and particulars would not
pose any difficulty to the Defendant in crediting the taxi fares earned via
the respective units to the relevant taxi drivers. This is because the
Defendant would be maintaining an internal record to enable it to match the
units (identified by their serial numbers) with the taxi drivers using the
units. As admitted by Gary Ng in a telephone conversation with Jasmine Tan on
23 March 2010 (see [10] above), the units would still have been able to
process credit card transactions without the taxi drivers’ names and
particulars, albeit the receipts printed out for those transactions would not
bear the taxi drivers’ vehicle registration number.

38 Moreover, as rightly pointed out by the Defendant in submissions, both
Anthony Koh and Gary Ng had actually agreed in cross-examination that there
would be no difficulty in the processing of the taxi drivers’ claims so long
as the Defendant kept an internal record in the manner as described above.
Anthony Koh and Gary Ng also agreed that this arrangement was in any event the
Defendant’s own internal problem which was not for the Plaintiff to deal with.
It may further be added that an additional safeguard which the Defendant had
intended to put in place to ensure accuracy in the remittance of the fares
earned to the individual taxi driver was to require the taxi driver to produce
receipts printed out from the CC terminals before his claim in respect of the
fares earned was processed. I therefore see no reason to reject Jasmine Tan’s
explanation in support of the Defendant’s case that there were indeed
instructions given to the Plaintiff to vary the way the second batch units
were to be programmed.

39 Secondly, the transcript of the telephone conversation between Gary Ng and
Jasmine Tan on 23 March 2010 (see [10] above) shows that Gary Ng was clearly
put on the defensive by Jasmine Tan’s complaint, _inter alia_ , that the units
from the second batch should have been programmed under the generic name
“Transcab” instead of the individual names and particulars of the Defendant’s
taxi drivers. Yet, faced with such allegations, Gary Ng not only failed to
immediately deny that such prior instructions had been given by Jasmine Tan to
have the second batch units programmed as such, he even appeared apologetic in
his responses to Jasmine Tan in that conversation. Why did Gary Ng not deny
Jasmine Tan’s allegation there and then if no prior instructions to programme
the units under “Transcab” were in fact given?

40 Finally, there was a marked difference between the conduct of the Plaintiff
in respect of the first batch units and its conduct in respect of the second
batch units which suggests to me that there was indeed a variation of
instructions relating to the programming of the second batch units. It is
undisputed that 15 days after the execution of the Rental Agreement the
Plaintiff had communicated to the Defendant via e-mail on 30 January 2009
requesting for the names and particulars of the taxi drivers who would be
using the first batch units and at the same time advising that “[a]s creating
the driver’s data and pairing of the systems are quite complex, [the
Plaintiff] would require the drivers’ information as soon as possible”. The
Plaintiff sent a reminder via e-mail on 6 February 2009 chasing for the
information. The information was eventually provided by the Defendant, and as
a result all units from the first batch were set up and activated under the
individual names and particulars of the Defendant’s taxi drivers at the time
of delivery. However, when it came to the second batch units, there was
absolutely no correspondence from the Plaintiff requesting the Defendant to
provide the names and particulars of its taxi drivers during the 3-month
period prior to delivery. When the second batch units were delivered to the
Defendant on 19 March 2010, 100 units had been paired using numbers. In my
opinion, this difference in the Plaintiff’s conduct is far more telling in
favour of the Defendant than the lack of any mention of units being instructed
to be programmed under “Transcab” in the letters exchanged between the
parties’ solicitors (see [35] above) is in favour of the Plaintiff’s case.
Moreover, in the delivery order accompanying the second batch units issued by
the Plaintiff to the Defendant on 19 March 2010 (see [8] above), the field
under “Note” which originally stated, “For 500 Taxi details, please see
attached list”, was amended by Gary Ng to read, “For 500 _Terminal_ details,
please see attached list” (emphasis added). In my view, this further supports
the Defendant’s case in relation to the issue of variation.

41 In summary, I find that the Defendant did give prior instructions to the
Plaintiff to have the second batch units programmed under the generic name
“Transcab” as opposed to the individual names and particulars of the
Defendant’s taxi drivers, and that the Plaintiff failed to do so.

Conclusion

42 For the reasons stated, the Plaintiff’s action is dismissed with costs.
Accordingly, the remedies prayed for in the Defendant’s counterclaim are
granted with damages to be assessed by the Registrar.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

