Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Soo Nam Thoong and another _v_ Phang Song Hua  
[2011] SGHC 159

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 359 of 2011/K  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Lam Siong (L S Tan & Co) for the plaintiffs; Aqbal
Singh s/o Kuldip Singh (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Soo Nam Thoong and another — Phang Song Hua  
  
1 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No. 359 of 2011/K deals with an application under s 4 of
the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CLPA”)
regarding the sale of a two-storey shophouse at 145 and 145A Sims Avenue,
Singapore 387467 (“the Property”). The Plaintiffs are asking for:

(1)

a declaration that the reply to the requisition of the Land Transport
Authority (“LTA”) contained in Road Line Plan dated 28 April 2011 (PO:
E263232001004H) (“ 28 April 2011 Road Line Plan”) relating to the Property is
unsatisfactory;

(2)

a declaration that the Plaintiffs are entitled to rescind the Option to
Purchase dated 1 April 2011 (“Option”) granted by the Defendant in respect of
the Property pursuant to clause 10 thereof;

(3)

a declaration that the Plaintiffs’ notice of rescission in their said
solicitors’ letter dated 28 April 2011 is valid;

(4)

an order that the Defendant do pay to the Plaintiffs the sum of S$285,000.00
being all the monies paid by the Plaintiffs to the Defendant together with
interest at such rate and from such period as the court should think fit and
costs of this application.

Facts

Background to the Dispute

2 The Plaintiffs were granted the Option to purchase the Property, which was
217.5 sq m, for $2.85 million. In return for the Option, they paid an option
fee of $28,500.00. On 15 April 2011, they exercised the Option and paid a
further sum of $256,500 (10% of the purchase price minus the option fee).
Following the exercise of the Option, the Plaintiffs’ solicitors sent their
legal requisitions to the various relevant authorities, including the LTA. The
original completion date of the Option was 10 June 2011.

3 In LTA’s reply contained in the 28 April 2011 Road Line Plan, the
Plaintiffs’ solicitors noted that a substantial portion of the Property was
coloured in red and required as Road Reserve. According to paragraph 3.1 of
the Explanatory Note accompanying the 28 April 2011 Road Line Plan, the
portions of land required as Road Reserve are to be:

set aside when development/redevelopment takes place on the subject lots
**_or_** when road construction/ improvement is carried out by the Land
Transport Authority, whichever is earlier.

(emphasis added)

4 The LTA confirmed in a letter dated 5 May 2011 that the land is required to
be set aside when development/redevelopment takes place _or_ when road
construction/improvement is carried out by LTA, whichever is earlier.

5 The Plaintiffs estimated that about 40% of the Property was required as Road
Reserve and will have to be set aside when either development/redevelopment
_or_ road construction/improvement is carried out. The Plaintiffs therefore
argued that LTA’s reply was clearly unsatisfactory since the road reserve will
require a substantial portion of the land to be surrendered to LTA and the
existing building to be reconstructed when road construction or improvement is
to be carried out by LTA. This will substantially diminish the Property’s
value. Their solicitors gave notice to the Defendant’s solicitors on 28 April
2011 that the Plaintiffs were rescinding the agreement pursuant to clause 10
of the Option.

6 Clause 10 of the Option is set out as follows:

The sale and purchase herein shall be _subject to the Purchaser’s solicitors
receiving satisfactory replies to their legal requisitions_ and applications
for Interpretation Plans to the various Government Departments and Land
Transport Authority (LTA) insofar as such replies/Interpretation Plan relate
to the Property and _if any of such replies and/or Interpretation Plan are
found to be unsatisfactory then this Agreement may be rescinded at the
Purchaser’s Option_ and in such event the Vendor shall forthwith refund to the
Purchaser all monies paid by the Purchaser to the Vendor or the Vendor’s
solicitors but without any interest, compensation or deductions whatsoever and
thereupon neither party shall have any claim or demand against the other for
costs, damages, compensation or otherwise. **PROVIDED ALWAYS** that:

(a) the answers from the Property Tax Department, Environmental Health, Public
Works and Sewerage Departments and Building Control Division shall not be
deemed unsatisfactory unless the same disclose that the property is affected
by any notice or order which has not been complied with and which is incapable
of being complied with by the Vendor before completion;

(_b_) _any road or drainage line schemes or proposals (whether actual or
proposed or to be implemented only if there is any redevelopment of the
property) affecting any part of the property shall be construed as
satisfactory;_

(c) any reply to legal requisitions are not received by the date fixed for
completion shall be deemed satisfactory.

[emphasis added in italics, emphasis in bold in original]

7 The Defendant’s solicitors replied on 29 April 2011 that the Plaintiffs had
no right to rescind because of clause 10(_b_) of the Option.

8 The dispute thus centred on the legal interpretation of clause 10(_b_) of
the Option.

The Legal Interpretation of Clause 10(_b_) of the Option

The Plaintiffs’ Interpretation

9 The Plaintiffs’ interpretation gave clause 10 (_b)_ a narrow ambit. The
Plaintiffs argued that proviso (_b_) specifically contains the words in
parentheses “(whether actual or proposed or to be implemented _only_ if there
is any redevelopment of the property)” (emphasis added). Proviso (_b_) thus
failed to deal with the situation, in the present case, where the road reserve
will _also_ be implemented when road construction/improvement is carried out.

10 The Plaintiffs have thus read the words in the parentheses “(whether actual
or proposed or to be implemented _only_ if there is any redevelopment of the
property)” as **_limiting_** what will be _deemed_ as a satisfactory reply by
the LTA. The limiting phrase “only if there is any redevelopment of the
property” will apply to “actual”, “proposed” and “to be implemented”. Under
such a reading, clause 10 (_b_) will not deprive the Plaintiffs of their right
to rescind under the general provision of clause 10 which makes the Option
“subject to satisfactory replies”.

The Defendant’s Interpretation

11 The Defendant’s interpretation gave clause 10(_b_) a very wide ambit. The
Defendant argued that the key structure of clause 10(_b_) is: “ _any_ road or
drainage line schemes or proposals… affecting any part of the property shall
be construed as satisfactory” (emphasis added). The words in the parentheses
thus do not limit what will be deemed as a satisfactory reply by the LTA, but
they merely “amplified” the “plain meaning of the key structure of clause
10(b)”[note: 1]. Under such a reading, clause 10 (_b_) will deem satisfactory
LTA’s reply that the Road Reserve will set aside the land when
development/redevelopment takes place _or_ when road construction/improvement
is carried out by LTA, whichever is earlier.

12 The Defendant further argued that the words in parentheses “merely set out
3 scenarios where the key structure of the clause will have an impact”, as
follows[note: 2]:

(a) “Actual” road line schemes or proposals affecting any part of the
property. In other words the authorities have implemented schemes and
proposals which are taking place currently.

(b) “Proposed” road line schemes or proposals affecting any part of the
property. In other words the authorities contemplate the implementation of the
schemes and proposals in the future. ...

(c) Road line schemes or proposals affecting any part of the property which
are “to be implemented only if there is any redevelopment of the property”. In
other words, these schemes or proposals will _not_ be implemented by the
authorities unless and until the redevelopment of the property is initiated
and commenced. …

Under such an interpretation, the phrase “only if there is any redevelopment
of the property” applies only to “to be implemented”.

The Preferred Interpretation

13 The crux of the interpretation of clause 10(_b_) therefore lies in the
effect given to the words in the parentheses. Are they to be interpreted as
(i) **_limiting_** what will be deemed satisfactory or (ii) **_enumerating_**
merely an example of one of the scenarios that will be deemed a satisfactory
reply? In my view, the Plaintiff’s interpretation is to be preferred and
Clause 10 (_b_) has a narrow ambit.

(i) Clause 10 of the Option to be considered in its entirety

14 First, the nature of clause 10 of the Option should be considered in its
entirety. Clause 10 of the Option consists of the general provision allowing
the Purchaser to rescind the Option if the replies to the legal requisitions
are found to be _unsatisfactory_ , with the specific proviso of clause 10
(_b_) deeming certain _types_ of replies as satisfactory. It is important to
consider the commercial context of clauses such as Clause 10 of the Option,
since the Court of Appeal case of _Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 (“ _Sandar Aung_ ”) on reviewing the principles
governing the construction of documents has at [29] stated that:

The key concept here is that of _context_. No contract exists in a vacuum and,
consequently, its language must be construed in the context in which the
contract concerned has been made. We would go so far as to state that even if
the plain language of the contract appears otherwise clear, the construction
consequently placed on such language should not be inconsistent with the
context in which the contract was entered into if this context is clear or
even obvious, since the context and circumstances in which the contract was
made reflect the intention of the parties when they entered into the contract
and utilised the language they did. It might well be the case that if a
particular construction is placed on the language in a given contract is
inconsistent with what is the obvious context in which the contract was made,
then _that_ construction might _not_ be as clear as was initially thought and
might, on the contract, be evidence of an ambiguity.

[emphasis in original]

15 Quite pertinently for our case, the Court of Appeal in _Sandar Aung_ at
[30] also cited Lord Wilberforce’s observation in the House of Lords decision
of _Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 at 996 as
emphasising the “general task of the court in a practical and functional
manner”:

It is often said that, in order to be admissible in aid of construction, these
extrinsic facts must be within the knowledge of both parties to the contract,
but this requirement should not be stated in too narrow a sense. _When one
speaks of the intention of the parties to the contract, one is speaking
objectively – the parties cannot themselves give direct evidence of what their
intention was – and what must be ascertained is what is to be taken as the
intention which reasonable people would have had if placed in the situation of
the parties_. Similarly when one is speaking of aim, or object, or commercial
purpose one is speaking objectively of what reasonable persons would have in
mind in the situation of the parties.

[emphasis added]

16 In _Teo Hong Choo v Chin Kiang Industries Pte Ltd_ [1983] 2 MLJ 309, the
court considered a clause regarding replies to legal requisitions that did not
include a specific proviso deeming certain types of replies as satisfactory.
The court, at 313, commented that the clause regarding replies to legal
requisitions was:

in effect a procedural device, to enable intending purchasers to sign these
‘instant contracts’ and yet _retain in their hands the right to opt out of the
contract should the answers to the legal requisition_ to city authorities
prove to be unsatisfactory in that the property was affected by any government
road, backlane or other improvement scheme.

[emphasis added]

17 Chan Sek Keong JC, as he then was, also commented on the purpose of the
clause regarding replies to legal requisitions in _Chu Yik Man v S Rajagopal &
Co & Anor_ [1987] 2 MLJ 557 at 559:

In my view, the common thread that runs through these three decisions [he was
referring to **Tatlien** `s case, **Teo Hong Choo** `s case and **Peh Kwee
Yong** `s case (at first instance)] was the intention of the parties as
expressed in the formula `satisfactory reply to requisitions`. In my view,
that formula is intended to give the purchaser substantially what he has
bargained for, taking into account his purpose in purchasing the property and
such other circumstances which have a direct or indirect effect on the
fulfilment of that purpose. _What seems clear is that the general provision
allowing the Purchaser to rescind if the replies to the legal requisitions are
unsatisfactory is to give the Purchaser what he substantially bargained for_.
The clause regarding legal requisitions allows parties to sign “instant
contracts”, ie the Option, before checking if there are road plans, etc,
affecting the property.

[emphasis added in italics, emphasis in bold in original]

The commercial context and understanding of clause 10 regarding the replies to
the legal requisitions is thus clear – the general provision allowing the
Purchaser to rescind if the replies to the legal requisitions are
unsatisfactory is to give the Purchaser what he substantially bargained for
because parties recognise that the Purchaser had not been given a chance to
check if there are road proposals affecting the Property.

18 In this context, the specific proviso in clause 10(_b_) is thus an
_exception_ to the general right of the Purchaser to rescind the agreement if
the replies to the legal requisitions are unsatisfactory. It may also be
understood as providing certainty between parties of what replies are clearly
deemed satisfactory in order to prevent dispute between parties in the future.
Therefore, if the Defendant’s interpretation is to be adopted; that “ _any_
road or drainage line schemes or proposals… affecting any part of the property
shall be construed as satisfactory” – the necessary implication is that **no**
reply from the LTA concerning any road or drainage line scheme or proposal no
matter how drastically it may affect the property could ever be
unsatisfactory. Such a reading actually renders hollow the general right of
the Purchaser to rescind the agreement in regard of replies from the LTA.

19 Under the Defendant’s reading, even if the road proposal affects 90% of the
land area of the Property, the Purchaser cannot rescind the agreement by
stating that the reply from LTA was unsatisfactory. If _indeed_ that was what
the Purchaser bargained for, there is no reason for the court not to uphold
such a bargain, however unfair it must seem to the Purchaser. However, when
the phrasing of the specific proviso of clause 10(_b_) is ambiguous enough to
support two completely different interpretations (to be developed further at
[21] below), there is much merit in letting the general provision in clause 10
prevail over the exception in the specific proviso of clause 10(_b_) or even
applying the rule of _contra proferentum_.

20 In fact, in _Wong Meng Yuen Eddie & Anor v Soh Chee Kong & Ors_ [1990] 3
MLJ 352 (“ _Wong Meng Yuen Eddie_ ”), the court held that if the vendor wanted
to rely on the specific proviso deeming certain types of replies to the
requisition as satisfactory, the vendor bore the burden of proving that the
specific proviso was fulfilled. Therefore, the burden of proof is on the
Defendant to show that clause 10(_b_) is satisfied to render LTA’s reply as
satisfactory.

(ii) Ambiguity in the Drafting of Clause 10(b)

21 The usual grammatical use of the parentheses is that the material within
could be omitted without affecting the meaning of the sentence. The usual
grammatical use of the parentheses would thus support the Defendant’s
interpretation of clause 10(_b_) since the Defendant argued that the words in
the parentheses only _amplifies_ and is explanatory of the main sentence.
However, such a reading does not rest naturally with the _actual_ words that
are contained within the parentheses - “(whether actual or proposed or to be
implemented _only_ if there is any redevelopment of the property)” (emphasis
added). The use of the word “ _only_ ” in the parentheses goes against the
Defendant’s argument that the words in the parentheses _amplifies_ the main
sentence – a more natural reading would be that it _limits_ the substance of
the main sentence. In my view, the words in the parentheses is explanatory of
what _type_ of replies clause 10(_b_) deems satisfactory – however the word
“only” in the words in the parentheses suggests that the sphere of application
of clause 10(_b_) is _restricted_ by what is set out within the parentheses.
Therefore, the words in the parentheses will _exhaustively define_ the type of
replies clause 10(_b_) will deem satisfactory.

22 The critical question would be how to interpret the words in the
parentheses. The Defendant’s interpretation of the words in the parentheses
broke the words up into unnatural divisions – “(actual _or_ proposed _or_ to
be implemented only if there is any redevelopment of the property)” (emphasis
added). As stated in [12] above, under such an interpretation, the phrase
“only if there is any redevelopment of the property” applies only to “to be
implemented”. As the Defendant argued that the words in the parentheses are
explanatory of the main sentence of clause 10(_b_), such an interpretation
would mean that **all** the possible scenarios under “any road or drainage
line schemes or proposals… affecting any part of the property” shall be
construed as satisfactory. However, such an interpretation would make the
words in the parentheses completely unnecessary. If parties had indeed
intended for clause 10(_b_) to have such a wide sphere of application – for
any road or drainage line schemes or proposals whether _actual_ or _proposed_
or _implemented only if there is any redevelopment of the property_ to be
deemed a satisfactory reply, the simplest and clearest way would be to _delete
the words in the parentheses altogether_ , _ie_ ,:

any road or drainage line schemes or proposals ~~(whether actual or proposed
or to be implemented only if there is any redevelopment of the property)~~
affecting any part of the property shall be construed as satisfactory.

23 In my opinion, the commercial context of the Option supports the view that
the words in the parentheses were carefully and specifically chosen. The
significance of the words in the parentheses becomes even more apparent when
we interpret it within the commercial context of replies to legal requisitions
regarding road or drainage proposals that are _typically_ deemed satisfactory
in Option to Purchases. In _Wong Meng Yuen Eddie_ and _Kua Beng Koon v Kwok
Wai Tien & Anor_ [1993] 3 SLR 101, the specific deeming proviso was as
follows:

any replies to legal requisitions or plan indicating that the said property
will be affected by road or drainage proposal or government acquisition or
scheme _arising from a redevelopment of the said property_ shall not be deemed
to be unsatisfactory;

In _Choo Boo Ching & Anor v Heng Guan Hong Geoffrey_ [1997] SGHC 99, the
specific deeming provision similarly emphasized that:

[f]or the avoidance of doubt any road or drainage line or proposal which is to
be _implemented only if there is any redevelopment of the property_ shall be
deemed to be satisfactory.

Although these specific deeming provisos are not strictly standard clauses,
they reflect a common commercial understanding that it is a _narrow group_ of
road or drainage proposals that are generally found to be consistent with what
the Purchaser has substantially bargained for and will typically be deemed
satisfactory, _ie_ , road or drainage proposals that affect the property _only
if there is any redevelopment of the property_. In my view, the particular
phrase “ _only if there is any redevelopment of the property”_ in the
parentheses was intended by parties to apply to road or drainage line schemes
or proposals whether “actual _or_ proposed _or_ to be implemented” and not
only to “implemented”. Any other reading would not give the phrase “only if
there is any redevelopment of the property” the operative effect the parties
intended for the specifically chosen phrase.

24 It is trite law that the court’s main objective in interpreting a contract
is to ascertain the objective intention of parties (see _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029). If the parties had intended to deviate from the commercial norm
of restricting the deeming of satisfactory replies to road or drainage
proposals that affect the property “ _only if there is any redevelopment of
the property_ ”, such an intention would be best exemplified, as suggested in
[22] above, by deleting any reference to the phrase in clause 10(_b_)
altogether. The fact that the particular phrase was placed within the
parentheses supports the proposition that the parties did not objectively
intend to _deviate_ from such a commercial norm. This was a case where the
substance of the clause should take precedence over the “form” of the clause
in the use of parentheses. The court should not read clause 10(_b_) such as to
render otiose the Purchaser’s general right to rescind the agreement if LTA’s
reply to the legal requisitions is unsatisfactory based solely on the use of
parentheses. Furthermore, the Defendant’s reading of clause 10 (_b_) renders
the words within the parentheses unnecessary when the specific examples
embodied in the parentheses lead to the more natural inference that it was
parties’ intention to limit only these _specific types_ of replies as
satisfactory. It is clear within the commercial context of the case that the
words in the parentheses were carefully chosen to give the Purchaser what they
substantially bargained for in the Option.

25 Therefore, it is my opinion that reading the sphere of application of
clause 10(_b_) as being _limited_ by the words in the parentheses to give
operative effect to the phrase “only if there is any redevelopment of the
property” will be the reading most faithful to the commercial understanding
and objective intention of parties. If clause 10(_b_) was really meant to have
the draconian effect as argued by the Defendant, _eg_ , any road or drainage
line scheme or proposal would be deemed as satisfactory regardless if it
affected 99% of the land area of the Property, such a clause could have and
should have been drafted clearly. Under clause 10(_b_)’s particular phrasing
with the specific choice of words in the parentheses, clause 10(_b_) is
restricted to deeming satisfactory any road or drainage line schemes or
proposals (whether actual or proposed or to be implemented __only__ _if there
is any redevelopment of the property_).

The Singapore Law Society Conditions of Sale 1999

26 Under clause 1 of the Option, the Option is also subject to the Singapore
Law Society Conditions of Sale 1999 (“LSCOS 1999”). However the conditions
regarding legal requisitions in the LSCOS 1999 did not affect the
interpretation of clause 10(_b_) in any way. For comprehensiveness, the
relevant conditions will be set out as follows:

4 Requisitions

4.1 Any objection or requisition in respect of the title, contract, sale plan
and these Conditions, which the Purchaser wishes to raise must be made by way
of a written statement served on the Vendor within the following time limits:

(a) 14 days after the Vendor has notified the Purchaser that the documents of
title may be inspected; or

(b) 14 days after the Vendor has delivered the documents of title (or
certified copies) to the Purchaser; or

(c) within such extended time as the Vendor may allow in writing.

4.2 Every objection or requisition not so raised is considered as waived.

4.3 Time is of the essence of the contract for the purpose of this Condition.

5 Vendor’s Power of Recission

5.1 Where the Vendor is:

(a) unable, or

(b) unwilling, because of difficulty, delay or expense or for other reasonable
cause, to remove or to comply with any objection or requisition of the
Purchaser as to title, contract, sale plan and these Conditions, the Vendor
has the right to annul the sale, notwithstanding any previous negotiation or
litigation.

5.2 The Vendor must give the Purchaser not less than 10 days’ written notice
to annul the sale.

5.3 The sale is to be treated as annulled after the Vendor’s notice has
expired, unless the objection or requisition is withdrawn before the expiry of
that notice.

5.4 When the sale is annulled, the Purchaser is entitled to the return of the
deposit but without interest, costs or compensation.

Application to the Facts

27 Therefore, as the specific proviso in clause 10(_b_) only deems any road
proposal satisfactory whether actual or proposed or implemented _only if there
is any redevelopment of property_ , it cannot deem LTA’s reply in this case
satisfactory as the road proposal includes the possibility of setting aside
the land __also__ _when road construction/improvement is carried out_.
Therefore, the Purchaser has the right to rescind the agreement based on an
unsatisfactory reply from the LTA and the Defendant could not argue that a
road proposal that affected 40% of the Property’s land area would be
satisfactory on any reasonable basis.

Conclusion

28 The Plaintiffs are entitled to receive the declarations (as stated in [1]
above) that they asked for. I order the Defendant to pay the Plaintiffs a sum
of $285,000 without any “interest, compensation or deductions” based on the
general provision in Clause 10 of the Option. Clause 10 also states that
“neither party shall have any claim or demand against the other for _costs_ ,
damages, compensation or otherwise” (emphasis added). I am of the provisional
view that the parties in reference to “costs” in Clause 10 did not intend for
it to cover litigation costs of a _contested_ application regarding the
satisfactoriness of the reply to the legal requisitions. Furthermore, s 4(2)
of the CLPA enables the court to order how and by whom the cost of the
application under s 4 of the CLPA should be paid. Unless the parties wish to
be heard on costs or to have them fixed, I order the Defendant to pay the
Plaintiffs’ costs for this application to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s skeletal submissions, [5].

[note: 2]Defendant’s skeletal submissions, [7].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

