Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aqua Art Pte Ltd _v_ Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGCA 7

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 98 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kenneth Pereira and Ganga Avadiar (Advocatus Law LLP) for
the appellant; Felicia Ng (ComLaw LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Aqua Art Pte Ltd — Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 86.]

3 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court:

Introduction

1 Aqua Art Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”), exercised an option (“the Option”) to
purchase five shophouses (“the Properties”) from the vendor, Goodman
Development (S) Pte Ltd (“the Respondent”). However, the sale could not be
completed because the Properties were restricted residential properties under
the Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the RPA”) and the
Appellant, being a foreign company under the RPA, was ineligible to purchase
them. The Respondent thus forfeited the deposit of $308,800 which the
Appellant had paid and obtained a court order declaring the Option void under
s 3 of the RPA.

2 The Appellant subsequently commenced these proceedings to recover its
deposit and the Option fee of $77,200. The trial judge (“the Judge”) dismissed
the claim and the Appellant appealed to this Court (see _Aqua Art Pte Ltd v
Goodman Development (S) Pte Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 86 (“the Judgment”)). After
hearing the arguments of both parties, we allowed the appeal and ordered the
Respondent to refund both the deposit and Option fee to the Appellant with
interest at 4% from the date of the writ. We now give the detailed reasons for
our decision.

The facts

3 The Appellant is a company incorporated in Singapore. It is engaged in the
restaurant business and is part of the IndoChine Group of companies. Mr
Michael Ma (“Ma”), an Australian citizen and Singapore permanent resident, is
a shareholder and director of the Appellant. The Respondent is also a
Singapore incorporated company and owned a row of five units of two-storey
shophouses at 306–314 Tanjong Katong Road. These shophouses are the Properties
referred to at [1] above. Although the Properties comprised multiple
shophouses, they were covered by a single certificate of title and thus had to
be sold as one unit.

4 On 16 June 2007, Ma went to view the Properties which had been advertised
for sale as he was looking to invest in a commercial property for the
Appellant’s restaurant business. He was accompanied by his wife, his property
agent Ms Odelia Tan (“Tan”), his friend Andrew Neary (“Neary”), and the
Respondent’s property agent Ms Katherine Poh (“Poh”). The actual events that
occurred during the viewing are disputed by the parties but what is undisputed
is that Ma was satisfied with the Properties and wanted to purchase them. Ma
and Poh agreed on a price of $7.72m and he accordingly handed her a cheque for
$77,200 (being 1% of the purchase price) in consideration for an option to
purchase (this is the Option referred to above at [1]). The Option stipulated
that Ma or his nominee(s) was to be the purchaser.

5 It is unclear from the facts whether the Option fee of $77,200 came from
Ma’s own funds or whether he was paying on behalf of the Appellant. The
Appellant in its pleadings had taken the position that it was the party who
paid the $77,200. The Respondent appeared to have accepted this although it
maintained that, at the time the $77,200 was paid, it did not know that the
Appellant was the prospective purchaser of the Properties. We thus proceeded
on the basis that it was the Appellant and not Ma who paid the Option fee of
$77,200.

6 The Appellant exercised the Option on 9 July 2007 and paid the Respondent a
sum of $308,800 (being 4% of the purchase price). The Appellant then lodged a
caveat against the Properties on 25 July 2007. Unfortunately, on 8 August
2007, the Appellant’s solicitors discovered that the Properties were zoned
“residential with commercial at 1st storey” after a search was made with the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (“the URA”), making them restricted residential
properties under the RPA. This meant that the Appellant, being a company whose
members and directors were not all Singapore citizens, was ineligible to
acquire the Properties under s 3(1)(_c_) of the RPA without the approval of
the Land Dealings (Approval) Unit (“the LDAU”) of the Singapore Land
Authority.

7 Despite the results of the URA search, the Appellant was still committed in
going ahead with the sale and purchase of the Properties. To this end, its
solicitors advised that if the Properties were strata subdivided into ten
separate units, they would no longer be regarded as restricted residential
properties and the Appellant would be able to acquire them. Thus, on 29 August
2007, the Appellant’s solicitors wrote to the Respondent’s solicitors
explaining the problem. Paragraph 5 of their letter requested, _inter alia_ :

(a) that the Respondent grant an extension of time for completion of the sale
and purchase until the Appellant’s application for strata subdivision was
completed; and

(b) that a fresh option to purchase be granted reflecting that the Appellant
would be purchasing the Properties as ten separate units instead of one single
unit.

8 The Respondent’s solicitors replied on 13 September 2007 as follows:[note:
1]

Our clients were not aware that your clients were not qualified to purchase
the above properties. In any event, the onus is on your clients to ensure that
they are permitted under the Residential Properties Act to purchase the above
properties.

As stated in your said letter, the sale and purchase cannot be completed. Our
clients are therefore entitled to retain the deposit paid.

Your clients’ proposal as contained in paragraph 5 of your said letter is not
acceptable to our clients.

9 The Appellant, through its in-house counsel, wrote to the Respondent on 25
September 2007 requesting it to meet up and discuss the matter directly
instead of corresponding through their solicitors. Unfortunately, this letter
went unheeded. The Respondent then applied to court in Originating Summons No
1840 of 2007 (“OS 1840/2007”) for the following orders:

(a) that the Option be declared void under s 3 of the RPA; and

(b) that the Appellant withdraw its caveat lodged against the Properties.

10 OS 1840/2007 was heard on 22 January 2008 with the Appellant not appearing.
The judge hearing the application made the orders sought. The Appellant then
commenced the present proceedings for the return of the deposit and the Option
fee. In its pleadings, the Appellant alleged that Poh had misrepresented to Ma
during the viewing of the Properties that they were zoned commercial. The
Appellant contended in the alternative that it had paid the deposit and Option
fee under a mistake that the Properties were zoned commercial and that the
Respondent should not be unjustly enriched by keeping the monies.

The decision below

11 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s claim. He found on the evidence that
Poh had not represented to Ma that the Properties were zoned commercial. The
Judge also found that Ma knew, at the time the Appellant exercised the option,
that the Properties were partially zoned residential. This second finding was
an inference drawn from the primary facts and the Judge relied on the
following factors to justify his finding:

(a) Ma lived in a shophouse similar to the Properties in question.

(b) Ma was accompanied by Tan who had been in the property business since 1999
and who was his property agent for six years.

(c) Ma had taken photographs of the Properties during the viewing on 16 June
2007 which obviously showed that the upper floors were being used for
residential purposes. Neary also testified in cross-examination that the upper
floor of the unit they inspected had a kitchen, bathrooms and bedrooms and
seemed to be residential.

(d) The option was granted on 17 June 2007 and exercised on 9 July 2007, a
time interval of approximately three weeks. The Judge did not believe that Ma
would have gotten the Appellant to pay a deposit of $308,800 without verifying
that the Properties were indeed zoned commercial during this time.

12 The Appellant had also contended that since the contract between the
parties had been declared void in any event, the Option fee and deposit had to
be returned as a natural consequence. The Judge rejected this argument and
held that since the contract was void for illegality, the Appellant had to
show a strong case that it would only be fair and just for it to recover its
money. On the facts, the Appellant had chosen to pay over the deposit without
verification or contractual protection. The Judge also referred to previous
cases where a purchaser who had parted with his money would not be able to
recover it if the contract was declared void under s 3 of the RPA. Finally, as
regards the 1% Option fee, the Judge held that it was the price paid for the
Option which was separate from the contract of sale. The Respondent was
therefore entitled to retain the Option fee in any event.

The appeal

13 The Appellant argued on appeal that the Judge had erred in finding that (1)
there had been no misrepresentation by Poh; and (2) Ma had known the
Properties were zoned partly residential at the time the Appellant exercised
the Option. Although the Appellant accepted that the contract for sale of the
Properties was void for illegality under the RPA, it contended that it was
nonetheless entitled to restitution of the monies paid under the void contract
because it had not deliberately attempted to circumvent the RPA. As such, it
was not _in pari delicto_ with the Respondent and/or came within the doctrine
of _locus poenitentiae_. The Appellant also argued that it was entitled to
restitution of the said monies as it had operated under a mistake of fact.
Finally, it submitted that the Respondent had been guilty of unconscionable
conduct.

14 The Respondent argued on the other hand that the Judge had been justified
in arriving at his findings. It also contended that a party to an illegal
contract could recover monies paid pursuant to that contract on the basis that
the parties were not _in pari delicto_ only if the party seeking restitution
had been the victim of fraud, duress, oppression, or abuse of fiduciary
position by the other party. The Respondent submitted that the doctrine of
_locus poenitentiae_ did not apply here because the contract had already been
sufficiently performed by the Appellant in exercising the Option and paying
the deposit. The Respondent also argued that there had clearly been no mistake
on the Appellant’s part to begin with. Finally, it submitted that it had not
been guilty of any unconscionable conduct.

Was there a misrepresentation by Poh?

15 We were of the view that the Judge’s finding that Poh had not made a
misrepresentation as to the zoning of the Properties should not be disturbed.
The thrust of the Appellant’s appeal on this issue was that three of its
witnesses (Ma, Tan and Neary) had testified at trial that they had heard Poh
say that the Properties were zoned commercial during the viewing on 16 June
2007\. However, the Judge had already heard their evidence first-hand and had
the opportunity of assessing the relative credibility of all the witnesses.
Having done so, the Judge ultimately preferred the evidence of Poh, who said
that she had never made any such representation. As the Appellant has not
shown any indication that the Judge’s assessment was plainly wrong or against
the weight of the evidence, an appellate court would be slow to interfere with
such a finding.

Was Ma mistaken about the zoning of the Properties when the Appellant
exercised the Option?

16 However, we were less hesitant in reviewing the Judge’s inference that Ma
had known that the Properties were zoned residential when the Appellant
exercised the Option. As we observed in _Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v
Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (at [41]), where a finding of
fact is based on an inference drawn from the facts or the evaluation of
primary facts instead of the assessment of the witness, an appellate court is
in as good a position as the Judge to undertake that exercise. In our
respectful view, the factors relied on by the Judge did not really support an
inference that Ma had known of the Properties being zoned residential.

17 First, the Judge seemed to suggest that as Ma himself lived in a shophouse
which was zoned residential, he should have known that the Properties would
similarly be zoned residential. However, Ma had also testified in re-
examination that he had come across shophouses which were zoned purely
commercial in his business dealings. As such, there was no reason for Ma to
have realised that the Properties were partially zoned residential.

18 Secondly, the Judge took into account the fact that Tan was an experienced
property agent and must have been aware from the photographs and inspection of
the Properties that they were not fully commercial. However, Tan’s evidence
exactly was that she had checked with Poh and had been told that the
Properties could be purchased by a foreigner. Although the Judge accepted
Poh’s evidence that she had not made any misrepresentation, he did not make
any finding that Tan had been lying and it was entirely possible that there
had simply been a misunderstanding during the viewing of the Properties on 16
June 2007.

19 Thirdly, the Judge considered that the photographs taken by and what he saw
during the actual viewing of the Properties should have alerted him to their
residential nature. As with Tan’s evidence above, Ma said in cross-examination
that he had doubts about the zoning, which was why he had tried to clarify the
matter with Poh.

20 Finally, the Judge was of the view that Ma had a substantial amount of
time, in between the grant and the exercise of the Option, to verify that the
Properties were indeed fully zoned commercial. However, this really assumes
that Ma was still left in doubt about the zoning of the Properties after he
had viewed them. If he was genuinely convinced that the Properties were not
zoned residential, there would have been no impetus for him to verify this
with URA.

21 The Judge concluded (see the Judgment at [6]) that “I do not accept that
the plaintiff would pay $308,800 without verifying whether the shophouses were
zoned commercial”. However, this reasoning could also cut the other way. If Ma
knew for a fact that the Appellant was ineligible to purchase the Properties
because they were partially zoned residential, why would he even get the
Appellant to exercise the Option and pay a deposit of $308,800 without
providing for any safeguards? It made absolutely no sense for the Appellant to
enter into a transaction which it was prohibited by law from completing unless
it had intended to deliberately circumvent the provisions of the RPA. There
was no suggestion that the Appellant had such an intention in the present
case. Thus, the only possible explanation was that Ma had satisfied himself
(wrongly, as it turned out to be) that the Properties were zoned wholly
commercial.

22 Although the Respondent initially sought to uphold all the Judge’s findings
in its written submissions, its counsel, Ms Felicia Ng, conceded at the
hearing before us (correctly, in our view, based on the objective facts) that
Ma had probably been mistaken as to the zoning of the Properties when the
Option was exercised. Instead, counsel proceeded on the basis that the
Appellant was not entitled to restitution of the deposit and Option fee simply
because the contract of sale was illegal. The real issue, then, was whether a
mistake resulting in a party entering into an illegal transaction would
nevertheless entitle that party to restitution of monies paid under the
transaction, and it is to this particular issue that our attention now turns.

The legal effect of the mistake

23 Ms Ng submitted, in oral argument before this court, that the mistake by
the Appellant was irrelevant in light of the fact that the contract was
illegal. However, as Prof R A Buckley points out in his leading treatise on
illegality and public policy (see R A Buckley, _Illegality and Public Policy_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2009) (“ _Buckley_ ”) (at para 17.08)):

It has long been clear that restitutionary relief may be available to a party
who has entered into an illegal transaction as a result of a mistake as to the
facts constituting the illegality.

24 The above principle has, in fact, been endorsed in other well-established
works (and even law commission reports) (see, for example, Edwin Peel,
_Treitel: The Law of Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2007) (“ _Treitel_
”) at para 11-135; Nelson Enonchong, _Illegal Transactions_ (LLP, 1998) (“
_Enonchong_ ”) at pp 315–317; _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed,
2008) vol 1 (“ _Chitty on Contracts_ ”) at para 16-187; Lord Goff of Chieveley
and Gareth Jones, _The Law of Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th Ed, 2007) (“
_Goff and Jones_ ”) at para 24-013; Law Reform Committee of the Singapore
Academy of Law, _Relief from Unenforceability of Illegal Contracts and Trusts_
(5 July 2002) at para 6.0; and Law Commission of England and Wales, _Illegal
Transactions: The Effect of Illegality on Contracts and Trusts – A
Consultation Paper_ (Consultation Paper No 154, 1999) at paras 2.38–2.39).
Significantly, in our view, the Appellant did in fact cite the passages from
both _Chitty on Contracts_ and _Goff and Jones_ in its written submissions.

25 Although the principle could – depending on the precise facts – come under
the broader umbrella heading to the effect that the parties are not _in pari
delicto_ , this need _not necessarily_ be the case (as, for example, where
both parties were equally mistaken, which common mistake served to mask the
illegality in question in so far as they were concerned). Indeed, that is
perhaps why many writers discuss this principle under the rubric of
“restitution” (see, for example, _Treitel_ at p 541 (which section heading is
entitled “Restitution”); _Buckley_ at ch 17 (which chapter is entitled
“Illegality and Restitution”); _Chitty on Contracts_ at p 1197 (which section
heading is entitled “Recovery of Money Paid or Property Transferred under
Illegal Contracts”); but _cf Enonchong_ at ch 16 (which chapter is entitled
“Claimant is Not In Pari Delicto”)). Be that as it may, as observed in the
preceding paragraphs, the principle itself has been clearly established in the
legal landscape.

26 Ms Ng relied on three High Court cases which were also cited by the Judge
in the court below. In _Cheng Mun Siah v Tan Nam Sui_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 611
and _Lim Xue Shan v Ong Kim Cheong_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 102, the purchasers who
had entered into contracts to purchase restricted property in contravention of
s 3 of the RPA were unable to recover their deposits from the vendors because
the parties were _in pari delicto_. The third case, _Tan Cheow Gek v Gimly
Holdings Pte Ltd_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 240, was slightly different as the deposit
monies were being held by the vendors’ former solicitors as stakeholders,
although Judith Prakash JC observed, by way of _obiter dicta_ (at [32]), that
if the deposit had been paid directly to the vendors then the purchasers would
be unable to recover the same on the authority of the preceding two cases.

27 We are of the view that these cases did not assist the Respondent because
they were concerned with the parties being _in pari delicto_ and the issue of
mistake was not raised in those cases. As we explained above (at [25]), the
principle of a party being able to recover monies paid under an illegal
contract on the ground of mistake did not necessarily come under the broader
umbrella principle to the effect that the parties are not _in pari delicto_.

28 It should be noted, however, that the relief accorded by the court in the
context of mistake is _only_ by way of _restitution_ – and no more. To allow
the claimant to obtain more than restitution would, _in substance and effect_
, be to allow it to _enforce_ the _illegal_ contract – which would obviously
be a contradiction in terms (see also, for example, _Buckley_ at para 17.02
and _Enonchong_ at p 317).

29 Turning to the facts of the present appeal, it is clear that the effect of
the mistake would entitle the Appellant _only_ to _restitutionary_ relief
(which was precisely what it was claiming), and the appeal succeeds as a
result.

Repentance or timely repudiation

30 In the circumstances, it is unnecessary for us to consider the issue of
repentance or timely repudiation (also encompassed within the pithy Latin
phrase “ _locus poenitentiae_ ” (_viz_ , a place for repentance)), which also
constitutes a route by which _restitution_ can be made in the context of an
illegal contract. We pause to observe – parenthetically – that, whilst the
general thrust of this doctrine is easy to grasp, its doctrinal formulation as
well as practical application raise numerous difficulties (see, for example,
the oft-cited trilogy of articles (J K Grodecki, “In Pari Delicto Potior Est
Conditio Defendentis” (1955) 71 LQR 254 (“ _Grodecki_ ”); J Beatson,
“Repudiation of Illegal Purpose as a Ground for Restitution” (1975) 91 LQR 313
(“ _Beatson_ ”); and Robert Merkin, “Restitution by Withdrawal from Executory
Illegal Contracts” (1981) 97 LQR 420 (“ _Merkin_ ”) (reference may also be
made to S U Ahmed, “Locus Poeitentiae – Repentance by a Party to an Illegal
Contract” (1982) 12  _U Queensland LJ_ 120 and Francis Rose, “Restitutionary
and Proprietary Consequences of Illegality” in F D Rose (Ed), _Consensus Ad
Idem – Essays in the Law of Contract in Honour of Guenter Treitel_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 1996), ch 10 (“ _Rose_ ”), especially at pp 226-234)) as well as the
relevant chapters in two specialist books on illegality and public policy (see
_Enonchong_ at ch 19 and _Buckley_ at ch 18)). One major controversy centres
around the ostensibly different approaches adopted in the two leading English
decisions of _Taylor v Bowers_ (1876) 1 QBD 291 (“ _Taylor_ ”) and _Kearley v
Thomson_ (1890) 24 QBD 742 (“ _Kearley_ ”), the latter of which appears to
adopt a stricter approach towards recovery. It is clear, however, from the
leading judgment of Fry LJ in _Kearley_ (at 746) that the very doctrine itself
was not received with any sort of legal warmth to begin with (but _cf_ the
observations in the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Chief Court of
Lower Burma) of _Petherpermal Chetty v Muniandy Servai and others_ (1908) 26
TLR 462 at 463 (a decision which has been correctly described as “not
[seeming] to have received the attention it deserves” (see _Grodecki_ at p
263)). On the other hand, it has been perceptively pointed out that _Taylor_
involved an arrangement that was not wholly executory but that the same result
could nevertheless have been achieved _via_ yet another legal route (_viz_ ,
an independent cause of action) (see, for example, _Chitty on Contracts_ at
para 16-189; _Beatson_ at p 314; and _Goff and Jones_ at para 24-007).
Returning to the apparent conflict between _Taylor_ and _Kearley_ , it has
been suggested (correctly, in our view) that both decisions are in fact
consistent with each other if it is borne in mind that the focus ought to be
on whether the illegal _purpose_ – as opposed to the _performance –_ of the
contract had been substantially achieved (see, for example, _Treitel_ at para
11-137; _Enonchong_ at pp 340–342; _Beatson_ at p 313; and _Rose_ especially
at p 229; though _cf Merkin_ at p 427), with the result that any apparent
conflict between these two decisions becomes one which can be resolved based
on the _different facts_ , as opposed to any difference in _legal_ approach as
such (see also _Rose_ at pp 230-231); and for later decisions, see, for
example, the English Court of Appeal decisions of _Tribe v Tribe_ [1996] Ch
107 (“ _Tribe_ ”) and _Collier v Collier_ [2002] BPIR 1057; as well as the
English High Court decision of _Q v Q_ [2009] 1 FLR 935).

31 The other major controversy centres around the issue as to whether in order
for “repentance” to be successful, it must be both _genuine and voluntary_ ,
with the result that, where the contracting party concerned had no choice but
to repent because the fulfilment of the illegal purpose was no longer possible
owing to external circumstances beyond the control of the parties, the
doctrine will not apply (see the leading English decision of _Bigos v
Boustead_ [1951] 1 All ER 92 (“ _Bigos_ ”)). _However_ , in the more recent
English Court of Appeal decision of _Tribe_ , only voluntariness – as opposed
to the genuineness – of repentance was emphasised (for a comprehensive
discussion of the arguments for as well as against such an approach, see
_Enonchong_ at pp 337–338). There may well be an overlap between – or even
coincidence of – these two elements, depending on the fact situation
concerned. Indeed, if the relevant legal proposition is that the concept of
genuineness is unnecessary in so far as it connotes a _subjective_ feeling of
_remorse_ on the part of the party concerned (and _cf Goff and Jones_ at para
24-008), there may well be no practical difficulties inasmuch as the concept
of voluntariness means that, on the facts of cases such as _Bigos_ , the
result would be the same (see _Enonchong_ at p 339; but _cf per_ Millett LJ in
_Tribe_ at 135).

32 However, as already noted above (at [30]), it is unnecessary to consider
the application of the doctrine of repentance or timely repudiation in the
context of the present appeal, and there is therefore no need for us to
deliver definitive pronouncements on the various conceptual as well as
practical difficulties arising from this doctrine (including the two major
controversies noted briefly above).

Refund of the Option fee

33 Since the Appellant had exercised the Option and paid the deposit under a
mistake as to the zoning of the Properties, it was entitled to restitution of
the deposit notwithstanding the fact that the contract for sale of the
Properties was illegal. The question then was whether the Option fee should
also be refunded along with the deposit.

34 In this regard, the Judge rightly recognised that there were two contracts
here: the first being the contract for sale of the Option (for which the
Appellant paid a fee of $77,200), and the second being the contract for sale
of the Properties (which arose when the Option was exercised and for which the
Appellant paid the deposit of $308,800). If it were the case that only the
latter contract was void under s 3 of the RPA, the Respondent would still be
able to retain the Option fee of $77,200 since it had provided good
consideration (_viz_ , the Option) for the fee.

35 However, the Respondent had obtained a court order in OS 1840/2007
declaring the entire Option void, and not just the actual contract for sale of
the Properties that arose when the Option was exercised. Since the Option
itself had been declared void, there was a total failure of consideration with
respect to the $77,200 Option fee and the Appellant was therefore also
entitled to restitution of the same.

Conclusion

36 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal with costs and the
usual consequential orders, and ordered the Respondent to refund both the
deposit and Option fee (amounting to a total of $386,000) to the Appellant
with interest at 4% from the date of the writ.

* * *

[note: 1]See Appellant’s Core Bundle, Vol 3, p 354.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

