Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Mey Lee Susan _v_ Singapore Medical Council  
[2011] SGHC 133

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1252 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC, Tammy Low, Christine Huang and Elizabeth
Wu (Rajah & Tann LLP) and Bernice Loo (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the
plaintiff; Alvin Yeo SC, Melanie Ho, Lim Wei Lee, Sugene Ang and Jolyn de Koza
(Wong Partnership LLP) for the defendant; Chong Chin Chin and Sharon Lim for
the Attorney General's Chambers.  
Parties| :|  Lim Mey Lee Susan — Singapore Medical Council  
  
26 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 The Applicant seeks judicial review of the decision of the Singapore Medical
Council (“SMC”) to appoint a second disciplinary committee (“2nd DC”) to hear
and investigate a complaint following the recusal of the entire disciplinary
committee (“1st DC”) originally appointed to hear and investigate the same
complaint.

2 The judicial remedies sought by the Applicant are that of a Quashing Order
against the SMC’s decision to appoint the 2nd DC to hear and investigate the
complaint and a Prohibiting Order against the SMC taking any steps to bring
disciplinary proceedings against the Applicant on the same subject matter
covered in the charges set out in the Notice of Inquiry by the 1st DC dated 20
July 2009. Finally, the Applicant seeks a Declaration that the Medical
Registration (Amendment) Regulations 2010 (S 528/2010) (“the S 528/2010
Amendment Regulations”) are void.

Preliminary Observations

(i) Professional medical ethics and the market

3 At this hearing, many important issues relating to the private sector
medical profession were raised. Public and private sector medical services are
provided through a variety of forms and practice models. Whilst the
traditional paradigm has been the solo general practitioner, the provision of
private medical services today reflects a variety of practice models. These
private sector models include group general practices, stand-alone specialist
consultancies and consultancies operating with private hospitals and non-
medical service providers. Whatever the forms and practice models, is the
private medical sector a free market, subject only to contract, or is it
concurrently subject to an underlying bedrock of medical professional ethical
standards? What are these ethical standards and how do they impact a one-stop-
shop practice model, which provides medical and non-medical services, directly
and indirectly, through outsourced third party service providers? Are the
SMC’s Ethical Code and Ethical Guidelines an exhaustive statement of all
operative medical ethical standards or are there, concurrently applicable
underlying ethical principles and norms as well?

4 As important as these issues may be, these are not, however, issues properly
to be determined by the court. Parliament has under s 5(f) of the Medical
Registration Act (Cap 174 2004 Rev Ed) (“MRA”) placed the duty “to determine
and regulate the conduct and ethics” of medical practitioners on the SMC.
Parliament has prescribed a statutory process of professional ethical
standards and disciplinary accountability for medical practitioners. The
_raison d’etre_ for such a regulatory approach is explained by a variety of
factors including the total dependence and trust in life and death decisions,
which a patient is obliged to repose in his physician. Other factors include
the following (see Margaret Stacey, _Regulating British Medicine: The General
Medical Council_ (John Wiley & Sons, 1992) at p 246):

… The particular nature of the doctor-patient relationship, its intimacy and
the associated potential for exploitation is one reason; the irremediable and
serious nature of mistakes that can be made is another. ‘Buyer beware’ is
little help to the irreparably damaged or dead person–the ultimate risk of
falling into the wrong hands in the medical market. …

5 Because of the complex and special nature of medical services, Parliament
has placed the responsibility upon the medical profession itself (not the
courts and not other agencies including the Ministry of Health, Singapore
(“MOHS”)) to establish the appropriate standards of conduct and ethics and to
investigate, find and sanction breaches. The sanctions for breaches range from
censure, restrictions, suspension, fines and the loss of a licence to
practice. Because such sanctions may seriously affect the career and
reputation of the medical practitioner, an elaborate structure of procedural
safeguards has been inscribed in the MRA to strike a balance between the
public interest and the protection of the medical practitioner. I note the
principles in _Christine Woods v The General Medical Council_ [2002] EWHC 1484
_per_ Burton J at [9]:

The principles which underline these provisions [_ie_ , the General Medical
Council Preliminary Proceedings Committee and Professional Conduct Committee
(Procedure) Rules 1988] have been explained (by reference to the pre-August
2000 Rules) in the three cases to which I have referred and can be summarised
as follows:

(i) They constitute a fine balance between three competing desirables:

(a)The protection of the public from the risk of practice by practitioners who
for any reason (whether competence, integrity or health) are incompetent or
unfit to practice, and the maintenance of standards.

(b)The maintenance of the reputation of, and public confidence in, the medical
profession, and the legitimate expectation of the public, and of complainants
in particular, that complaints of serious professional misconduct will be
fully and fairly investigated.

(c)The need for legitimate safeguards for the practitioner, who as a
professional person may be considered particularly vulnerable to, and damaged
by, unwarranted charges against him.

…

In short, Parliament has provided in the MRA that the SMC is to set the
ethical standards. Parliament has also provided that the investigation,
findings and sanctions for breaches of these standards are to be made, not by
the SMC, but by the relevant complaints committees and the disciplinary
committees to be appointed by the Chairman of the Complaints Panel and the SMC
respectively.

(ii) The nature of judicial review court proceedings

6 It should be noted that these proceedings in court are not proceedings in
the nature of an appeal to court. The key differences between an appeal and
judicial review bear restating. It is worth noting the following observation
by Andrew Ang J in _ACC v CIT_[2010] 1 SLR 273 at [21]:

It is well established that in judicial review, the court is concerned not
with the merits of the decision but the process by which the decision has been
made. ... This is because judicial review is not an appeal from a decision and
the court cannot substitute its discretion for that of the public body nor can
it quash a decision on the basis that the court would not have arrived at that
decision or that some other decision would have been a better one.

The merits of the SMC’s decision, as indeed the merits of the decisions of the
disciplinary committees, are not within the remit of the court, save to the
limited extent of appeals to a court of three judges provided by s 46(7) of
the MRA. In this judicial review hearing, the court will review and determine
only the legality of the process leading to the SMC’s decision to refer the
complaint to the 2nd DC.

7 The second caveat about judicial review proceedings is that they succeed or
fail entirely on the record. In other words, whether the legal grounds have
been made out in court will be determined entirely on the record. No evidence
apart from the record is adduced in court save as a court may exceptionally
permit in an appropriate case. The Applicant in the middle of the hearing
sought leave pursuant to O 53 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) to introduce five affidavits from independent doctors who wished to
clarify their roles which had been referred to by the Respondent in court and
extensively covered in the media. These affidavits have no relevance to this
judicial review proceeding and I do not grant leave. For the purposes of this
judicial review proceeding, the record comprises the statement filed by the
Applicant in support of these applications, the Respondent’s affidavit in
reply to that statement, affidavits filed by the Applicant in response, and
all annexures thereto.

(iii) The version of the MRA applicable to these proceedings

8 A final preliminary point should be noted. The MRA relevant to these
proceedings excludes, for the most part, the amendments made under the Medical
Registration (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act No 1 of 2010) (“the Amendment Act”) in
which amendments to the MRA were brought into effect on 10 August 2010 and 1
December 2010 (see s 41(3) of the Amendment Act and the relevant gazette
notifications). Save as otherwise expressly stated, all references in this
judgment to the MRA refers to the relevant version of the MRA excluding these
amendments.

The Chronology of Events

The Complaint of 3 December 2007

9 Dato Serbini Ali, the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Health, Brunei
(“MOHB”) wrote to Ms Yong Ying-I, the Permanent Secretary of the MOHS on 27
August 2007 expressing concerns relating to the Applicant’s invoices for the
treatment of a Brunei patient (“the Patient”) as being “unacceptable and
extremely high” and seeking MOHS’s intervention. In October 2007, searches
were conducted under s 12 of the Private Hospitals and Medical Clinics Act
(Cap 248, 1999 Rev Ed) at the Applicant’s private clinics. The Applicant was
required to produce papers and records relating first to the Patient and later
for other patients.

10 On 3 December 2007, Dr Tan Chor Hiang, who signed off as the “Senior
Director (Health Regulation Division), for Permanent Secretary, (Health)”
filed a complaint against the Applicant (“the Complaint”). The Complaint
recounted that MOHS had conducted an investigation after reviewing the
information set out in the two letters enclosed with the MOHB’s letter and had
become “concerned that [the Applicant] may have taken unfair advantage of her
position as the principal physician to the Patient, and of the trust and
confidence which had been reposed in her” and that “[o]vercharging on such a
magnitude could also bring disrepute to the medical professional in
Singapore.” Noting that what it had presented in the Complaint was necessarily
based on a preliminary review of the documents it had obtained and seen, MOHS
identified the following instances which raised its concerns as to the
propriety of the Applicant’s services and practices:

(a)

whether the invoices issued showed a pattern of overcharging and/or improper
billing;

(b)

whether some charges were inappropriate charges for professional services
which the Applicant did not render or which were carried out with the
assistance of other doctors; and

(c)

whether there were conflicts of interest relating to invoices issued by
several clinics, all of which the Applicant managed.

The Complaint concluded that the MOHS was referring the matter to the SMC “for
a thorough investigation as to whether [the Applicant’s] general conduct in
relation to the Patient amounts to professional misconduct”.

The Complaints Committee Order of 17 November 2008

11 The Complaints Committee on 18 December 2007 invited the Applicant to
provide a written explanation, which she did by a letter of 4 February 2008.
The Applicant was informed by a letter of 17 November 2008 that the Complaints
Committee, having carefully reviewed the circumstances of the Complaint and
the information submitted, had ordered that a formal inquiry be held by a
disciplinary committee.

The 1st DC hearing and the 1st DC’s recusal on 29 July 2009

12 The 1st DC gave the Applicant notice of the 94 charges in relation to which
it would inquire by a letter dated 20 July 2009. The 1st DC commenced its
hearing and resumed on 29 July 2010 for a three day hearing on the Applicant’s
submission of no case to answer. The selected relevant extracts from the
transcript (not in immediate sequence) discloses the following:

Chairman: On behalf of the DC, I would like to thank both counsels very much
for the well-written and thorough submissions on no case to answer. We have
read the written submissions and I understand from my colleagues and the panel
that we have no further questions to raise. Does either party have anything
else to add or submit before we deliver our decision at this stage?

...

Applicant’s counsel: ... Mr Chairman, I have taken instructions and I have
reviewed the transcript with my client. On the basis of all that is on the
record, we do not consider it would be appropriate for this tribunal to
continue, and I’m therefore applying to yourselves to recuse yourselves.

…

Respondent’s counsel: ... I would like to confirm that the prosecution’s
position is that we are not objecting to the respondent’s application for this
tribunal to recuse itself; I do want to explain that, while we don’t ourselves
consider that the tribunal has behaved in any way improperly or in any
objectionable manner, and we are reassured by the assurance that the tribunal
will keep an open mind up to the time of hearing all submissions, oral and
written. ...

…

Chairman: Thank you for waiting. After some discussion, I think the DC is
inclined to recuse itself since the prosecution has no objection to the
respondent’s application. ….

The SMC’s 7 September 2010 decision to revoke the appointment of the 1st DC

13 On 3 September 2010, Ms Serene Wong, the Senior Manager, Professional
Conduct and Professional Standards Division, SMC, sent an email to all SMC
members, the material terms of which read as follows:

…

2\. At the hearing on 29 Jul 2010, the Defence Counsel made a procedural
application for the Disciplinary Committee (DC) to recuse itself. Details of
this case can be given only at the conclusion of the inquiry and until then,
we seek your kind understanding and patience of this matter.

3\. As the result of the DC having recused itself, it is now necessary for the
Singapore Medical Council to revoke the appointment of the current DC hearing
this inquiry and _appoint a new DC pursuant to Section 42(5) of the Medical
Registration Act_ , i.e.,:

The Medical Council may at any time revoke the appointment of any Disciplinary
Committee or may remove any member of a Disciplinary Committee or fill any
vacancy in a Disciplinary Committee.

4\. The new DC will be appointed in due course and a separate email will be
sent to you shortly.

5\. Council’s approval is sought on this administrative matter to revoke the
current DC to allow SMC to move forward on this matter.

6\. We will take it that members have no objections if we do not hear from you
by Tuesday, 7 September 2010.

…

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in italics]

No objections were received by the due date and the SMC’s decision was made on
7 September 2010 to revoke the appointment of the 1st DC. For completeness, I
should add that one SMC member did express his objection to the revocation on
16 September 2010, sometime after the return date (see [66] below).

The SMC’s 14 September 2010 decision to appoint the 2nd DC

14 The SMC email of 13 September 2010 proposed the composition of the 2nd DC
in the following terms:

1\. I refer to my email below where a new Disciplinary Committee (DC) has to
be appointed for the inquiry for Dr Lim Mey Lee Susan.

2\. The DC proposed to hear the case [is] as follows:

**_Proposed Members for DC – Dr Lim Mey Lee Susan_** **:-**

Prof Tan Ser Kiat (Chairman)

Prof C Rajasoorya

Dr Abraham Kochitty

A/Prof Koh Ming Choo Pearlie (Layperson)

Mr Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC (Legal Assessor)

3\. All proposed DC members have declared that they have no conflict of
interests and are agreeable to the appointment. In the meantime, we would be
grateful that members do not discuss or mention this case (despite of [_sic_]
what has been reported in the papers) so that the DC inquiry is not
compromised.

4\. Members’ approval is sought for the appointment of the above DC. We will
assume that members have no objections if we do not hear from you by **_5pm_**
, **_Tuesday 14 Sep 2010_**.

…

[emphasis in original]

The SMC accordingly appointed the 2nd DC on 14 September 2010\. The
Applicant’s lawyers were informed of the appointment of the 2nd DC on 16
September 2010.

**Singapore Law on Judicial Review**

15 The law relating to judicial review of administrative decisions is
expressed in two overarching core common law principles. First, no legal power
is beyond the reach of the supervisory jurisdiction of the court if it is
exercised beyond its legal limits (_ie_ , illegality / _ultra vires_ the
enabling law, bad faith or if the exercise of the power is _Wednesbury_
irrational (see _Associated Provincial Picture Houses Ltd v Wednesbury
Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223)). Second, the procedural fairness / natural
justice rule which comprises: (a) the _nemo iudex in sua causa_ rule / the
rule that no one shall be a judge in his own cause, which is the rule against
bias; and (b) the _audi alteram partem_ rule / the “hear the other side” rule,
which is the fair hearing rule (see _Yong Vui Kong v Attorney-General_ [2011]
SGCA 9 at [88]).

16 By way of parenthesis I should add that, whilst Singapore law on judicial
review has English common law foundations, the more recent English cases and
treatises are of little relevance where they embody or have been shaped by
European Union treaty and legislative obligations which have no application to
Singapore. For this reason, it is not unusual to find Singapore courts
referring to the 1973 3rd edition of _De Smith’s Judicial Review_ rather than
the most recent 2007 6th edition of the same work. There does not currently
exist a definitive modern text on Singapore administrative law, in the absence
of which I have found some assistance in delineating the contours and
boundaries of Singapore administrative law from a soon to be published paper
delivered by Professor Thio Li-ann at the recent Singapore Academy of Law
conference on developments in Singapore law from 2006 to 2010: Thio Li-ann _,
The Theory and Practice of Judicial Review of Administrative Action in
Singapore: Trends and Perspectives_ (2011) (unpublished).

The Legal Grounds for Judicial Review

17 I next proceed to examine the particular legal grounds on which these
applications have been launched:

(a)

The Quashing Order application to quash the SMC’s decision to appoint the 2nd
DC on the grounds of: (i) illegality under the MRA; and (ii) actual or
apprehension of bias on the part of the SMC.

(b)

The Prohibiting Order to prohibit the SMC from further initiating or pursuing
any disciplinary action on the same complaint against the Applicant is made on
the ground of _Wednesbury_ irrationality and on considerations of “unfairness,
prejudice and oppression”.

(c)

The Declaration application for the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations to be
declared void is made on the ground that the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations
in their entirety are contrary to natural justice.

18 The Applicant is not seeking to quash the 1st DC’s hearing or its recusal.
Neither is the Applicant seeking to quash the hearing of the 2nd DC which has
commenced but has not proceeded further because of these court applications.
In passing, it should be noted that the Applicant’s legal rights to seek
judicial review of the findings and decision of the 2nd DC are preserved and
remain unaffected by these court applications. In short, what is unusual in
these court applications is that no challenge is being mounted against any
finding or decision of any disciplinary committee.

19 What is novel here is that, instead, the challenge is mounted against the
SMC’s decision to refer the Complaint to the 2nd DC following the recusal of
the 1st DC. What accounts for this approach?

20 The Applicant has chosen to attack the SMC which is placed at the critical
junction of the MRA’s disciplinary process. Under the MRA, generally no
complaint may move without a prior SMC decision to refer it to the Chairman of
the Complaints Panel who appoints the complaints committee to inquire into the
complaint or, where a complaints committee has ordered a formal inquiry, to a
disciplinary committee to hear and investigate the complaint. However, a
quashing of the SMC’s decision to appoint the 2nd DC would not be sufficient
to end the matter. The Quashing Order does not operate as a bar to a fresh SMC
decision being taken on the same matter. Such a fresh SMC decision, if made
without any legally defective processes, will stand in law. However, if the
SMC decision could be quashed _and prohibited_ , this would achieve the result
that no future complaints committees or disciplinary committees may be
appointed to inquire into the same Complaint against the Applicant.

21 The Applicant thus seeks both a Quashing Order against the SMC’s decision
to refer the Complaint to the 2nd DC on grounds of illegality and bias,
coupled with a Prohibiting Order against the SMC proceeding to appoint any
further disciplinary committee on the ground of _Wednesbury_ irrationality and
“unfairness, prejudice and oppression” considerations.

22 The Applicant’s case will thus depend entirely on whether the relevant
legal grounds upon which these judicial review remedies against the SMC are
contingent, are established on the record.

Is judicial review limited to exercises of discretion only or also to
administrative decisions?

23 There was a preliminary question as to whether judicial review is available
only with respect to the exercise of discretion but not with respect to
decisions which carry no discretion. The Respondent submitted that the SMC’s
decision, whether under s 41(3) or s 42(5) of the MRA, being decisions in
which the SMC did not have any discretion, were not susceptible to judicial
review. This submission I find to be flawed for the reasons that follow. In
the first place, if hypothetically, the SMC were to decide in any case not to
refer a complaint to the Chairman of the Complaints Panel, the SMC could find
itself being subject to a mandatory order (which is a judicial review remedy)
application for it to do so.

24 The courts in judicial review will subject administrative decisions to the
legality tests as well as the duty to act fairly. With respect to the duty to
act fairly, Lord Bridge of Harwich stated in _Lloyd and others v McMahon_
[1987] AC 625 at 702–703:

My Lords, the so-called rules of natural justice are not engraved on tablets
of stone. To use the phrase which better expresses the underlying concept,
what the requirements of fairness demand when any body, domestic,
administrative or judicial, has to make a decision which will affect the
rights of individuals depends on the character of the decision-making body,
the kind of decision it has to make and the statutory or other framework in
which it operates. In particular, it is well established that when a statute
has conferred on any body the power to make decisions affecting individuals,
the court will not only require the procedure prescribed by the statute to be
followed, but will readily imply so much and no more to be introduced by way
of additional procedural safeguards as will ensure the attainment of fairness.
…

25 What is clear from the foregoing is that administrative decisions are
susceptible to judicial review for legality and for fairness, whether or not
they involve a discretion. With respect to fairness, the content of the duty
to act fairly will vary depending on the nature and statutory context of the
relevant decision. Where the relevant statute prescribes a hearing, the duty
to act fairly will encompass the whole gamut of natural justice prescriptions.
Where the relevant statute prescribes a narrow decision to be made, the duty
to act fairly carries a narrower scope.

26 This is well set out in para 10.049 of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol
1 (LexisNexis, 2009 Reissue) which states:

A general duty to act fairly applies to almost all decision-making in the
field of public law, but its content varies from those cases where all the
traditional rules of natural justice apply to those where fairness requires
very little of the decision-maker. ...

...

Where a discretionary power to encroach upon individual rights is exercised,
factors to be taken into account in deciding what fairness requires in
exercise of the power, include the nature of the interests affected, the
circumstances in which the power falls for exercise and the nature of the
sanctions, if any, involved.

The Quashing Order Application

Illegality Ground

27 The Applicant first challenges the SMC’s appointment of the 2nd DC as being
illegal under the MRA on the ground that the SMC may only appoint a
disciplinary committee immediately after the Complaints Committee had made its
order for a formal inquiry under s 41(3) of the MRA. The SMC’s decision to
appoint the 2nd DC on 14 September 2010 in the light of the Complaints
Committee order of 17 November 2008, the Applicant submits, could not be said
to have been done immediately. The second string in the Applicant’s case of
illegality is that if the SMC had appointed the 2nd DC under s 42(5) of the
MRA, the word “may” in s 42(5) MRA conferred a discretion on the SMC. The SMC,
by taking the position that it had no discretion in appointing the 2nd DC, had
thereby unlawfully fettered its statutory discretion. It is well established
that an administrative agency must not fetter its discretion: see _Registrar
of Vehicles v Komoco Motors Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 340 at [31]:

The general principle that an administrative agency _must not fetter its own
power_ or abrogate it to another administrative agency _is unexceptional_ as a
violation of this principle _would amount to a failure by the former to
exercise the power vested in it_. …

[emphasis added]

28 I should first set out these provisions. Section 41(3) of the MRA reads:

Where a Complaints Committee has made an order for a formal inquiry to be held
by a Disciplinary Committee, the Medical Council shall immediately appoint a
Disciplinary Committee which shall hear and investigate the complaint or
matter.

Section 42(5) of the MRA reads:

The Medical Council may at any time revoke the appointment of any Disciplinary
Committee or may remove any member of the Disciplinary Committee or fill any
vacancy in a Disciplinary Committee.

29 Section 41(3) of the MRA provides that the SMC shall appoint a disciplinary
committee where a complaints committee has made an order for a formal inquiry.
As the statute is unambiguous, the SMC is then obliged to refer such
complaints to a disciplinary committee which shall hear and investigate the
complaint. Where the SMC has referred a complaint to the Chairman of the
Complaints Panel and a complaints committee is of the view that a formal
inquiry is not necessary, the complaints committee has to decide whether to
dismiss the complaint, issue a letter of advice or warning, or make such other
order. Where the complaints committee has ordered a formal inquiry, the SMC is
obliged under s 41(3) of the MRA to immediately appoint a disciplinary
committee.

30 Turning to s 42(5) of the MRA, s 42(5) of the MRA, as a matter of plain
construction, contemplates the revocation of the appointment of the entire
disciplinary committee, the removal of any member(s) thereof, as well as the
filling of any vacancy(s). The plain meaning of “vacancy” in this context is
that of “the fact or condition of an office or post being, becoming, or
falling vacant [or] an occasion or occurrence of this” (see J A Simpson and E
S C Weiner, _The Oxford English Dictionary_ (Clarendon Press, 2nd Ed, 1989)).
A vacancy in a disciplinary committee may arise from any number of reasons
including death, disability, resignation, recusal or removal of its members.
In any of these instances, the SMC is statutorily empowered by s 42(5) of the
MRA to fill any vacancy(s).

31 When however the SMC revokes the appointment of an entire disciplinary
committee, it cannot be said that the SMC had removed _each_ one of its
members. Neither can the SMC in revoking the appointment of the entire 1st DC
be regarded thereby to have created four vacancies which it may thereafter
fill.

32 Once the SMC revokes the appointment of the entire disciplinary committee,
there no longer exists a disciplinary committee for which any vacancy remains
to be filled. The SMC will after such revocation have to locate a statutory
power, quite apart from s 42(5) of the MRA, to appoint another disciplinary
committee to inquire into the same complaint. It would however palpably be
unlawful for the SMC to appoint a new disciplinary committee to conduct a
formal inquiry on the same complaint were it to revoke the appointment of a
disciplinary committee after it had issued its findings and decision.
_Autrefois convict_ (one who has been convicted cannot be prosecuted again for
the same offence) and _autrefois acquit_ (no man is to be brought into
jeopardy more than once for the same offence), are legal principles applicable
to disciplinary proceedings (see _Wee Harry Lee v Law Society of Singapore_
[1983-1984] SLR(R) 768 at [23] and _Law Society of Singapore v Nathan Edmund_
[1998] 2 SLR(R) 905 at [11]). Short of this, and barring any other legal
obstacles, the SMC remains empowered to appoint disciplinary committees
provided the conditions of s 41(3) of the MRA (being the only relevant
statutory provision empowering the SMC to appoint a disciplinary committee)
are satisfied.

33 Having determined the language and meaning of the relevant MRA provisions,
I next turn to consider what the SMC did on the facts of this case. The record
reveals the following facts: (a) the 1st DC recused itself on 29 July 2010;
(b) the SMC revoked the appointment of the entire 1st DC on 7 September 2010;
and (c) the SMC appointed the 2nd DC to hear the Complaint on 14 September
2010.

34 The substance of what exactly the SMC decided on two separate occasions
first with respect to the revocation of the 1st DC and thereafter to the
appointment of the 2nd DC are to be found in two separate emails, in
particular paras 3 and 4 of the email of 3 September 2010 to SMC members (see
[13] above) and paras 1 and 2 of the second email of 13 September 2010 (see
[14] above).

35 The 7 September 2010 SMC decision was expressed in the terms of the 3
September 2010 email which discloses that the SMC, in substance, decided to
revoke the appointment of the entire 1st DC. Further, the 14 September 2010
SMC decision was expressed in the terms of the 13 September 2007 email which
discloses that the SMC decided to appoint the 2nd DC to hear and investigate
the Complaint.

36 The emphasised words in para 3 of the 3 September 2010 email to SMC members
(see [13] above) are erroneous insofar as they suggest that the subsequent
appointment of a new disciplinary committee would be pursuant to s 42(5) of
the MRA. Nothing however turns on this error as the SMC did not decide to
appoint the 2nd DC in the terms of the 3 September 2010 email. The SMC’s
decision to appoint the 2nd DC was made on the quite separate 13 September
2010 email. Whilst this second email is silent on the statutory basis of the
appointment of the 2nd DC, this appointment must necessarily be founded on s
41(3) of the MRA which is the only relevant provision in the MRA which confers
a power on the SMC to appoint disciplinary committees to hear and investigate
complaints. Having so concluded, it is not necessary for me to deal with the
Applicant’s second string argument that s 42(5) of the MRA grants the SMC a
discretion which it had unlawfully fettered by having taken the position that
it had no discretion.

37 I turn next to considering the question of s 41(3) of the MRA requiring an
immediate appointment. I should begin by considering when exactly the decision
to appoint a disciplinary committee arose in this case. The Complaints
Committee ordered a formal inquiry by a disciplinary committee on 17 November
2008. The 1st DC commenced its hearing on 28 January 2010 and recused itself
on 20 July 2010. No objection has been made in court that the appointment of
the 1st DC in 2009 was not in compliance with s 41(3). The 2nd DC was
appointed on 14 September 2010. It is clear that, whilst the 2nd DC is termed
as the “2nd” in this judgment for ease of reference, this is a 2nd DC only in
chronology and not to suggest that it was hearing and investigating the same
complaint on which any earlier disciplinary committee had issued its findings
and decision.

38 The disciplinary structure in the MRA contemplates that every formal
inquiry ordered by a complaints committee be heard by a disciplinary committee
which concludes the process by issuing the disciplinary committee’s findings
and decision. Until the issue of a disciplinary committee’s findings and
decision, the Complaints Committee order still stands on the record and
remains unspent. Since the 1st DC had not issued any findings and decision
within the meaning of s 45 of the MRA, the power to appoint a disciplinary
committee under s 41(3) is not spent.

39 Having in mind this statutory structure and its purposes, how the court
regards the significance of the prescribed timing of the appointment of any
disciplinary committee within the context of s 41(3) of the MRA falls to be
determined on the facts in each case. There are three possible scenarios.
Firstly, a disciplinary committee may ordinarily be appointed by the SMC
either after a complaints committee has issued its order for a formal inquiry
or directly pursuant to s 39(3) of the MRA. Secondly, as has occurred here,
where the SMC has revoked the appointment of an entire disciplinary committee
prior to it issuing any findings or decision, it may appoint another
disciplinary committee to hear and investigate the complaint, as its power to
appoint a disciplinary committee has not been spent. In such a scenario, time
must necessarily run from the SMC’s decision to revoke the entire disciplinary
committee’s appointment. This is because the SMC would have no power to
appoint any disciplinary committee to hear and investigate into a complaint
whilst there is subsisting a disciplinary committee hearing and investigating
the same complaint. There remains a third scenario. Where an entire
disciplinary committee has recused itself prior to issuing its findings and
decision, the SMC could proceed to appoint a fresh disciplinary committee to
hear and investigate the same complaint without any prior need to revoke the
appointment of the entire recused disciplinary committee.

40 Given that the SMC had the statutory power under s 42(5) of the MRA to
revoke the appointment of the 1st DC, and my conclusion that it thereupon
continued to have the power to appoint the 2nd DC, it would follow that the
relevant time frames for consideration would be 7 September 2010 (the date of
the SMC’s revocation decision) and 14 September 2010 (the date of the SMC’s
decision to appoint the 2nd DC). In the light of this, the duration taken to
appoint the 2nd DC is incontrovertibly in compliance with s 41(3) of the MRA.
Even if consideration needs to be given to the earlier date of recusal as the
relevant date from which time should run, there is no serious argument that
the appointment of the 2nd DC would not clearly comport with s 41(3) of the
MRA.

41 It is only because the Applicant seeks to challenge the SMC’s decision to
appoint the 2nd DC that she is obliged to establish illegality and thus run
the argument that the material date from which time runs must be the date of
the Complaints Committee’s order of 17 November 2008. By these means, the
Applicant seeks to challenge the SMC’s appointment of the 2nd DC on 14
September 2010 as not being “immediately” under s 41(3) of the MRA.

42 In the light of what I have concluded, it is not strictly necessary for me
to deal with this submission, but I shall nevertheless deal with it. Where
Parliament has not stated in the legislation what would be the consequence of
a failure to observe matters like a time prescription, the courts have
formulated criteria to determine whether such a failure is fatal or not. If
the court determines that the prescription is mandatory then any non-
observance is fatal and, conversely, if directory then any non-observance is
not fatal.

43 The Court of Appeal in _Tan Tiang Hin Jerry v Singapore Medical Council_
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 553 (“ _Tan Tiang Hin Jerry_ ”) adopted (at [47]) the
following approach in determining whether a statutory requirement is to be
regarded as mandatory or directory (citing S A de Smith, _Judicial Review of
Administrative Action_ (Stevens & Sons Limited, 3rd Ed, 1973) at p 123):

… The courts must therefore formulate their own criteria for determining
whether the procedural rules are to be regarded as mandatory, in which case
disobedience will render void or voidable what has been done, or as directory,
in which case disobedience will be treated as an irregularity not affecting
the validity of what has been done (though in some cases it has been said that
there must be “substantial compliance” with the statutory provisions if the
deviation is to be excused as a mere irregularity). Judges have often stressed
the impracticability of specifying exact rules for the assignment of a
procedural provision to the appropriate category. The whole scope and purpose
of the enactment must be considered, and one must assess “the importance of
the provision that has been disregarded, and the relation of that provision to
the general object intended to be secured by the Act”. Furthermore, much may
depend upon the particular circumstances of the case in hand. Although
“nullification is the natural and usual consequence of disobedience,” breach
of procedural or formal rules is likely to be treated as a mere irregularity
if the departure from the terms of the Act is of a trivial nature, or if no
substantial prejudice has been suffered by those for whose benefit the
requirements were introduced, or if serious public inconvenience would be
caused by holding them to be mandatory, or if the court is for any reason
disinclined to interfere with the act or decisions that is impugned.

It should also be noted that the High Court in _Chai Chwan v Singapore Medical
Council_ [2009] SGHC 115 also took the view (at [68]) that the requirement of
an immediate appointment under s 41(3) of the MRA was directory and not
mandatory. I note in passing the following commentary in Lord Woolf _et al_ ,
_De Smith’s Judicial Review_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2007) at para 5-053 (“
_De Smith’s Judicial Review_ ”) which was made with reference to Lord
Hailsham’s speech in _London and Clydeside Estates v Aberdeen District
Council_[1980] 1 WLR 182 at 189–190 in which he expressed his preference to
abandon the dichotomy of mandatory / directory requirements in favour of
characterising the approach as being within a spectrum in which the courts
decide in each case when they would nullify a non-compliance with a statutory
prescription:

... At one end are cases ‘where a fundamental obligation may have been so
outrageously and flagrantly ignored or defied that the subject may safely
ignore what has been done and treat it as having no legal consequence’. At the
other end of the spectrum the defect may be ‘so nugatory or trivial’ that the
authority can proceed on the assumption that ‘if the subject is so misguided
as to rely on the fault, the courts will decline to listen to his complaint’.
...

44 The MRA does not specify the consequences of a failure to observe the
prescription of an immediate appointment in s 41(3) of the MRA. Looking at the
objects of the MRA, the unusual recusal and revocation of the appointment of
the 1st DC and the absence of any evidence of substantial prejudice, I would
regard this time requirement to be directory or, to use Lord Hailsham’s
characterisation, as being at the other end of the spectrum, such that a court
will decline to listen to such complaints.

45 The Applicant does not dispute that a second disciplinary committee may
well be appointed as the 1st DC had not issued any findings or decision. In
order to sustain her challenge of the SMC decision which is pivotal to her
case, the Applicant proffers the argument that the SMC should have first
referred the Complaint to a fresh complaints committee. Only if such a
complaints committee orders a formal inquiry by a disciplinary committee could
the SMC then order a disciplinary committee immediately in accordance with s
41(3) of the MRA. This is a strained argument which neither stands legal
scrutiny nor comports with the structure and objectives contemplated by the
disciplinary processes set out in the MRA. As there already is the Complaints
Committee order on record, no practical purpose is served by sending the same
Complaint to another complaints committee. I should add that the Applicant,
quite sensibly, did not take the extreme and untenable position that following
the 1st DC’s recusal, the complainant ought to have been required to file a
fresh Complaint.

46 The Applicant’s next illegality submission is based on s 12 of the MRA
which, she submits, requires that the SMC meet physically. The record reveals
that the SMC decision to appoint the 2nd DC is evidenced in an email. This
perfunctory submission fails _in limine_ in light of s 12(5) of the MRA which
expressly empowers the SMC to make rules for the conduct of its business. The
SMC is statutorily empowered to determine how it will conduct its business.
This means it may conduct its business with or without physical meetings. The
burden of establishing that the unanimous agreement of all SMC members to a
decision evidenced in an email is defective under s 12 of the MRA lies on the
Applicant. Other than making the bald assertion that a decision made pursuant
to an email is not a physical meeting, the Applicant has nothing more to say.

47 It was next argued that the Amendment Act came into force by September 2010
before the 2nd DC had been appointed. The amended s 4 of the MRA enlarged the
SMC to now comprise two members from each of the two prescribed medical
schools, three additional elected members and one additional nominated member.
The Applicant argued that the SMC which appointed the 2nd DC had not been
fully constituted because on 14 September 2010, it was short of two members
from a prescribed medical school and one elected member. It was argued that
the power to fill SMC vacancies in s 9(1) of the MRA provides a closed list of
vacancies which can be filled and this list does not provide that vacancies
may be filled if the vacancies arose because of the enlargement of its
membership. Thus, it was argued the SMC could not make decisions until all
these vacant positions had been filled, a proposition tantamount to saying
that the SMC has to suspend all business once the Amendment Act came into
force until all these appointments and elections were completed and positions
filled. This remarkable argument would not have been run had the Applicant
taken the trouble to refer to s 33 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev
Ed) (“the Interpretation Act”) instead of s 9 of the MRA. Section 33 of the
Interpretation Act expressly provides that the powers of such board,
commission, committee or similar body shall not be affected by any vacancy in
the membership thereof. I should add that no argument was made that the SMC
decision of 14 September 2010 was anything other than unanimous.

Fairness: Actual Bias

48 The nature and scope of this rule against actual and appearance of bias is
succinctly stated in _De Smith’s Judicial Review_ at para 10-006 as follows:

The principle expressed in the maxim _nemo iudex in sua causa_ (no one should
be a judge in his own cause) refers not only to the fact that no one shall
adjudicate his own case; it also refers to the fact that no one should
adjudicate a matter in which he has a conflicting interest. In order to give
effect to those two aspects of the principle, the concern is not only to
prevent the distorting influence of _actual bias_ , but also to protect the
integrity of the decision-making process by ensuring that, however
disinterested the decision-maker is in fact, the circumstances should not give
rise to the _appearance of bias_. As has been famously said: “justice should
not only be done, but should manifestly and undoubtedly be seen to be done”.

[emphasis in original]

The principal consideration of public confidence in a fact-finding tribunal is
graphically expressed by Lord Denning in _Metropolitan Properties Co (FGC) Ltd
v Lannon_ [1969] 1 QB 577 at 599:

... There must be circumstances from which a reasonable man would think it
likely or probable that justice, or chairman, as the case may be, would, or
did, favour one side unfairly at the expense of the other. The court will not
inquire whether he did, in fact, favour one side unfairly. _Suffice it that
reasonable people might think he did. The reason is plain enough. Justice must
be rooted in confidence: and confidence is destroyed when right-minded people
go away thinking: “The judge was biased.”_

[emphasis added]

49 The Applicant argues that the SMC decision to refer the Complaint to the
2nd DC ought to be quashed by reason that it was tainted by actual bias. What
is striking is that the Applicant does not allege actual bias on the part of
any single official, person, event or conduct. What is even more striking is
that the Applicant has made no allegation, and there is nothing on the record,
of any personal bias, animus or interest on the part of the incumbent DMS,
Professor Satku. No allegation is made and there is nothing on the record
which reveals that the DMS, in any way, abused his position as DMS to cause
the MOHS to conduct its investigations, to conduct the searches and to file
the Complaint. The Applicant does not allege, and there is nothing on the
record, that any, a majority, or all the SMC members harboured any animus or
had any conflict of interest that evinces actual bias against her.

50 That being the case, the puzzle remains why at all is the Applicant’s case
founded on actual bias? The Applicant feebly invited the court to infer actual
bias by reason only of the totality of the circumstances raised below (see
[57] below). The Applicant offered no direct evidence apart from these
aggregated circumstances, upon which the court was invited to draw an
inference of actual bias. It would be startling for a court of law to draw
inferences of actual bias other than from direct evidence. Absent any evidence
on the record, I must decline to do so. The Applicant’s case on actual bias on
the part of the SMC in deciding to refer the Complaint to the 2nd DC, being
totally unsupported on the record, must necessarily fail.

Fairness: Reasonable Apprehension of Bias

51 The Applicant’s fall-back argument is then a reasonable apprehension of
bias, again, based not on an apprehension arising by reason of the animus,
conduct or conflicting interest of any, a majority or the entire SMC. It is
instead based on the aggregation of the same circumstances which I will
examine below at [57].

52 The legal test for reasonable apprehension of bias is not the subjective
sensitivity, fears or suspicions of the person affected. The legal test is an
objective one: whether there are circumstances which would give rise to a
reasonable suspicion or apprehension in a fair-minded reasonable person with
knowledge of the relevant facts that the tribunal was biased (see _Re Shankar
Alan s/o Anant Kulkarni_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 85 at [91]). The circumstances must
objectively be well founded and of sufficient gravity. The standard varies
depending on whether the decision is an administrative decision and whether
the decision is the result of a fact-finding process (see [25]–[26] above and
[53] below).

53 The court will have regard to the context in which bias is raised (see
_Lionel James De Souza v Attorney-General_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 552 at [31]):

… As the circumstances require, in the context in which the question of bias
arises, whether it be because the tribunal has functions which are more
administrative than adjudicative or whether it be because the tribunal is a
domestic tribunal or whether it be because the tribunal is one the parties
have contractually agreed to, the standard of proof of suspicion of bias may
vary. Applied in this way, “reasonable suspicion of bias” means suspicion of
bias that is well founded and that is of sufficient gravity in the
circumstances of the case.

54 The approach of the court with respect to the common law principles is
succinctly set out by Silber J at first instance and fully quoted with
approval by Lord Phillips MR in the Court of Appeal in _R v West Midlands and
North West Mental Health Review Tribunal_ [2004] EWCA Civ 311 at [6] as
follows:

Silber J summarised the relevant principles to be deduced from recent
authorities as follows:

“(a) in order to determine whether there was bias in a case where actual bias
is not alleged ‘the question is whether the fair-minded and informed observer,
having considered the facts would conclude that there was a real possibility
that the Tribunal was biased.’ … It follows that this exercise entails
consideration of all the relevant facts as ‘the court must first ascertain all
the circumstances which have a bearing on the suggestion that the judge was
biased’…

(b) Public perception of a possibility of unconscious bias is the key. It is
unnecessary to delve into the characteristics to be attributed to the fair-
minded and informed observer. What can confidently be said is that one is
entitled to conclude that such an observer will adopt a balanced approach.
This idea was succinctly expressed in _Johnson v Johnson_ [2000] 200 CLR 488,
509 at paragraph 53 by Kirby J when he stated that ‘a **_reasonable member of
the public is neither complacent nor unduly sensitive or suspicious_** ’ (per
Lord Steyn in _Lawal v Northern Spirit Limited_ [2003] ICR 856,862 [14]).

(c) in ascertaining whether there is a case of unconscious bias, the courts
must look at the matter by examining other similar analogous situation. ‘One
does not come to the issue with a clean slate; on the contrary, the issue of
unconscious bias has cropped up in various contexts which may arguably throw
light on the problem’ (Lord Steyn in _Lawal v Northern Spirit Limited_ (supra)
862 [15]).

(d) the approach of the court is that ‘one starts by identifying the
circumstances which are said to give rise to bias … [a court] must concentrate
on a systematic challenge and apply a principled approach to the facts on
which it is called to rule’ (per Lord Steyn in _Lawal v Northern Spirit
Limited_ (supra) 864-5 [20])

(e) the need for a Tribunal to be impartial and independent means that ‘it
must also be impartial for an objective viewpoint, that is it must offer
sufficient guarantees to exclude any legitimate doubt in this respect’
(_Findlay v United Kingdom_ (1997) 24 EHRR 221 at 224-245 and quoted with
approval by Lord Bingham of Cornhill in _R v Spear_ [2003] 1 AC 734 [8]).”

[original emphasis omitted; emphasis added in bold italics]

55 The starting point of the analysis of whether the SMC decision was fairly
made is the context of the statutory framework and the consequences of the
SMC’s decision under s 41(3) of the MRA. The SMC is not the fact-finding or
decision-making body with respect to the substance or merits of the Complaint.
The statutory framework and process require referral first to the Chairman of
the Complaints Panel who shall lay it before a complaints committee which is
the body to determine whether a formal inquiry is necessary and, only where it
so decides, issue an order for a formal inquiry. The SMC is then
consequentially obliged under s 41(3) of the MRA, to appoint a disciplinary
committee to hear and investigate the complaint. The SMC has not been
statutorily conferred with any discretion to decide whether or not to refer
the complaint in light of the Complaints Committee order to a disciplinary
committee. The establishment of a pool of eligible medical practitioners from
whom the Chairman, Complaints Panel and the SMC respectively appoint each
complaints committee and each disciplinary committee is a separate process.

56 To restate the question before me in simple terms: was the SMC decision,
unanimously made by all members, to refer the Complaint to the 2nd DC, taken
under s 41(3) of the MRA, made in such circumstances as might cause a
reasonable member of the public, who is neither complacent nor unduly
sensitive or suspicious, to have a reasonable apprehension of bias on the part
of the SMC?

57 I now proceed to examine each of the circumstances raised by the Applicant.
The Applicant points to the following general circumstances for purposes of
making her case of actual bias or reasonable apprehension thereof : (a) the
role of the incumbent DMS Professor Satku, whose meeting with the MOHB led him
to invite it to write in to the MOHS, followed by the MOHS’s investigation and
the separate search, all of which culminated in the MOHS’s filing of the
Complaint against the Applicant ; (b) the composition and recusal of the 1st
DC and the alleged remarks and the presence of the SMC’s in-house counsel at
one of the 1st DC’s recesses; and (c) the SMC’s decision-making process in
appointing the 2nd DC. The Applicant caps her case with a high abstraction of
“systemic bias” on the part of the SMC by reason of the SMC’s failure to: (i)
inquire into the deficiencies in the disciplinary process; (ii) take remedial
steps to ensure that the Applicant will not have to endure the process again;
and (iii) provide documents requested by the Applicant, for which she has made
a discovery application in court (see _Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical
Council_ [2011] SGHC 132 (judgment for the discovery application)).

The multiple roles of the incumbent DMS and the fact that the 1st DC members
and an expert witness were SMC members

58 The Applicant suggests only that the DMS had a conflict of interest in his
position as an SMC member, arising from his multiple earlier roles. The DMS as
DMS MOHS first met the Permanent Secretary, MOHB from whom he learnt of MOHB’s
concerns relating to the Applicant’s invoices for services rendered to the
Patient. The DMS then invited the MOHB to write in to the MOHS. Following the
letter from the MOHB to the MOHS, the MOHS conducted a preliminary
investigation. Searches were then conducted of the Applicant’s clinics.
Finally, the MOHS filed the Complaint against the Applicant.

59 It is not doubted that the DMS MOHS is in a position of importance and
influence within the MOHS. The administrative machinery of the MOHS came into
play to conduct a preliminary investigation and conduct searches before filing
the Complaint. This is an expectedly routine administrative process. There can
be no legal objection and certainly no inherent conflict of interest arising
only from the DMS’s statutory multiple roles including that of being the
Registrar and member of the SMC provided that he was not a member of any
complaints committee or disciplinary committee hearing and investigating the
same complaint.

60 The crux of the challenge is that the SMC decision of 14 September 2010
gives rise to a reasonable apprehension of bias on the part of the SMC because
this same DMS was a statutory member and Registrar of the SMC. Added to this
mix were also two members and an expert witness in the 1st DC who were members
of the same SMC which made the 14 September 2010 decision. The Applicant
submits that this must lead to the conclusion of reasonable apprehension of
bias on the part of the whole SMC, including all the other independent SMC
members. The question is how so? I proceed to examine the record.

61 The record reveals that all SMC members received the 13 September 2010
email appointing the 2nd DC, and no responses were received from any SMC
member prior to the return date and accordingly the SMC decision on 14
September 2010 to appoint a 2nd DC was made unanimously. There is nothing in
the record that the DMS or the members and witness of the 1st DC personally
lobbied, persuaded or procured the other SMC members to decide to refer the
matter to the 2nd DC. Even so, had the SMC been in a fact-finding role, given
the previous roles of the DMS or the 1st DC members and witness, their
inclusion in such a fact-finding decision could in principle infringe the
fairness / natural justice standards (see _Hannam v Bradford City Council_
[1970] 1 WLR 937 and _Re Chuang Wei Ping_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 357). However, the
SMC’s decision under s 41(3) of the MRA is not a fact-finding decision.

62 Having in view the nature of the SMC’s non-fact-finding decision, the
unanimous decision and the absence of any responses by any SMC member to the
email by the return date, that the DMS, the 1st DC members and a witness
received the email in their capacity as SMC members _per se_ provides nothing
on which a reasonable person could begin to form a reasonable apprehension of
bias on the part of the whole SMC. In fact, countervailing factual evidence to
the contrary appears on the record which reveals that the SMC approved the
composition of the 2nd DC to include two newly elected members who were not
previously SMC members when the 1st DC was appointed, with one being a private
sector medical practitioner.

The composition and recusal of the 1st DC and the presence of the SMC’s in-
house counsel at one of the 1st DC’s recesses

63 The second circumstance raised by the Applicant is that of the composition
and recusal of the 1st DC and the conduct of the SMC’s in-house legal counsel.
The 1st DC comprised Associate Professor Chin Jing Jih, Associate Professor
Ong Biauw Chi, Dr Wong Yue Sie ( his death creating a vacancy, which was
filled by the SMC’s appointment of Associate Professor Annette Jacobsen) , Ms
Serene Wee (lay person) and Mr Giam Chin Toon SC (legal assessor). The
Applicant complains that the 1st DC members did not disclose to her that they
were doctors employed by the Ministry of Health Holdings Pte Ltd. The legal
basis of any obligation to make such disclosure is obscure and the employment
status of these doctors is readily available from Google searches and other
sources of public information. If any of them had a conflict of interest this
could have been challenged before the 1st DC and in any subsequent judicial
review challenge of the 1st DC’s decisions. Insofar as the Applicant
challenges the employment status of the 1st DC’s members as providing grounds
for reasonable apprehension of bias, this was statutorily met by s 40(11) of
the MRA which provides that no SMC member who is employed by the MOHS shall be
disqualified from being a member of a complaints committee or disciplinary
committee by reason only that he or the complainant is so employed. If it is
statutorily not a disqualification for a MOHS employee, on that ground alone,
to be appointed a member of a complaints committee or disciplinary committee
_a fortiori_ it would not be a disqualification for any such persons only on
the ground of their being employees of the restructured corporate hospitals
whose shares are held by the Ministry of Health Holdings Pte Ltd. _A fortiori_
with respect to the more remote membership of the non-fact-finding SMC whose
decision it was to appoint any disciplinary committee. Accordingly, there is
no legal basis to challenge the constitution of the 1st DC by reason only that
it comprised employees of the public sector corporatized hospitals. Further,
the Applicant was not able to establish on the record how the composition of
the 1st DC is linked to all the other SMC members such as to infect their
unanimous decision to appoint the 2nd DC.

64 Turning next to the recusal of the 1st DC, the independent decision of the
1st DC, with the availability of the legal assessor, to recuse itself after
hearing the submissions of the Applicant’s legal counsel is something the 1st
DC was properly entitled to decide on its own. On its face, the independent
decision of the 1st DC to recuse itself in the light of a prejudgment
challenge, carries no necessary connection to all the other SMC members who
decided on 14 September 2010 to appoint the 2nd DC.

65 The Applicant further postulates that the SMC ought to have first conducted
an inquiry into the recusal before proceeding to appoint the 2nd DC and that
its failure to have done so creates a reasonable apprehension of bias. This
has no foundation because there is no statutory obligation on the SMC to
conduct any inquiry into a recusal nor is this a statutory precondition to the
appointment of the 2nd DC.

66 The Applicant next raises the circumstances relating to the role of, and
remarks attributed to, the SMC’s in-house counsel. First, the SMC’s in-house
counsel had been present in the private room of the 1st DC when it, together
with its legal assessor, retired for a hearing break. There was a dispute in
court on the number of such occasions but nothing on the record revealed
whether there was more than one occasion. Second, remarks were attributed to
the in-house counsel by one SMC member in his letter dated 16 September 2010
which reads as follows:

…

I refer to my conversation with you [Ms Serene Wong, the Senior Manager of the
Professional Conduct and Professional Standards Division of the SMC] on
Tuesday 14 September, followed by a discussion with Ms Kalyani, our legal
counsel, regarding the need to revoke the appointment of the members of the
Disciplinary Committee who have been hearing Dr Susan Lim Mey Lee’s case.

In your Email dated 3 September 2010 you state that the members hearing the
case had recused themselves. One dictionary meaning of recuse states, “to
withdraw from a position of judging so as to avoid any semblance of partiality
or bias”.

It therefore follows that in effect all the members have stepped down from
their appointed positions as members of the erstwhile Disciplinary Committee.
To seek approval at this stage to revoke the appointment of the erstwhile
members of the Disciplinary Committee could be misconstrued by these members
as an attempt to reprimand them.

Despite Ms Kalyani’s belief that they will not sue us (ie the SMC and its
members) “ _because they are on our side_ ” the possibility remains that being
medical professionals of substance in their own respective spheres of work
they may feel that any blemish on their professional or personal reputation if
left unchallenged may embarrass them in the future. For these reasons I regret
that I am unable to give my approval to revoke their appointment, in which
case the approval to appoint a list of members to a new Disciplinary Committee
will have to be taken up later as a separate issue and not as a consequence.

…

[emphasis added]

67 The record reveals only that the in-house counsel was present with the 1st
DC and its legal assessors, in the absence of the concurrent presence of the
defence counsel, for the purpose of assisting with logistical/administrative
arrangements on the first day of the inquiry and that the in-house counsel did
not communicate with the 1st DC on any other matter. The presence of the in-
house counsel even if for logistical/administrative purposes in the absence of
the concurrent presence of the defence counsel, was ill-judged. Had the 1st DC
proceeded to issue its findings and decision, such circumstances on the record
could provide a legal ground upon which a court might quash its findings and
decision (see _R v Barnsley Metropolitan Borough Council, ex p Hook_ [1976] 1
WLR 1052). I come next to the letter in which remarks were attributed to the
in-house counsel. Read in the context of the entire letter, the Applicant’s
reading of the alleged remarks taken out of context does not stand scrutiny.
The context of the alleged remark is the possibility of a lawsuit against the
SMC by reason of its decision to recuse the entire 1st DC. In this context,
the alleged remark by the in-house legal counsel was that she believed that
the members of the 1st DC would not file a lawsuit against the SMC as they are
themselves members of the SMC.

68 The Applicant’s target however remains the SMC, not the 1st DC. The
Applicant makes no allegation and there is nothing on the record that the in-
house counsel advised the SMC to appoint the 2nd DC. In any case, the
Applicant was unable to show how the conduct and alleged remark of the in-
house counsel are linked to all the SMC members as to infect their unanimous
decision on 14 September 2010 to appoint the 2nd DC.

The SMC’s decision making process in appointing the 2nd DC

69 The Applicant next complains that the 3 September 2010 SMC email
misrepresented the nature and significance of the recusal of the 1st DC
inasmuch as it did not mention that the recusal of the 1st DC was on the
grounds of prejudgment and that its significance was understated by it being
characterised as a procedural matter.

70 The critical minimum content of the email, given the decision that the SMC
was to take, comprises: (a) what decision the SMC was to take; and (b) why it
was necessary for this decision to be taken. Brevity, clarity and
comprehensiveness in email decisions are to be commended and not faulted. In
any event, it remained at all times open to the SMC members to request more
details which they do not on the record appear to have required. The email
does in fact explain its brevity in the following cautionary terms:

At the hearing on 29 Jul 2010, the Defence Counsel made a procedural
application for the Disciplinary Committee (DC) to recuse itself. Details of
this case can be given _only_ at the conclusion of the inquiry and until then
we seek your kind understanding and patience on this matter.

[emphasis in original]

71 The Applicant then submits that there is no reason why the SMC members
could not have been given details of the recusal until the conclusion of the
inquiry. The precaution of non-disclosure of the deliberations or reasons of
the 1st DC must surely be obvious. The brevity protects the integrity of the
disciplinary process and preserves the confidentiality of the deliberations of
the 1st DC given the context that the 2nd DC is to be appointed by the SMC to
hear the very same Complaint. Any further selective disclosure, short of
releasing the entire transcript of the hearing, carries the above risks. The
release of the entire transcript of the hearing would prejudice the Applicant
given that the SMC’s decision was to refer the matter for a formal inquiry by
the 2nd DC, at least two of whom would, under s 42(1)(a) of the MRA, include
SMC members. The Applicant further complains that the recusal of the 1st DC
was neither a procedural matter nor an administrative matter. There can be no
real objection to this choice of words. In these circumstances, the defence
counsel had indeed made a procedural application to the 1st DC. It is indeed
an administrative matter for the SMC to first revoke the appointment of the
1st DC prior to “mov[ing] forward on this matter”.

Conclusion on reasonable apprehension of bias

72 Each of the circumstances raised by the Applicant, when examined closely,
is not, and all of them, when aggregated, are not well founded or of
sufficient gravity to cause any reasonable person who is neither complacent
nor unduly sensitive or suspicious with knowledge of all the relevant facts to
have a reasonable apprehension that the entire SMC was biased when it decided,
without making any finding of fact, to appoint the 2nd DC to hear and
investigate the Complaint. They are weightless and insubstantial spins, which
do not bear scrutiny in court.

Wednesbury Irrationality

73 The _Wednesbury_ case and the test it laid out are well known. A decision
will only be considered irrational if the administrative body in question took
into consideration matters that it should not have taken into account, failed
to take into consideration matters which it was bound to consider or if the
decision was so absurd that no reasonable body could have made such a decision
(see _Wednesbury_ at 229).

74 The Applicant submits that the SMC decision to appoint a 2nd DC, and any
fresh complaints committee or disciplinary committee order or decision, on the
Complaint would be _Wednesbury_ irrational. The Applicant submits on
_Wednesbury_ irrationality on the basis of: (a) the evidence adduced by the
prosecution before the 1st DC; (b) the absence of any rule regulating the
quantum of fees that a doctor may charge a patient; (c) the absence of any
abuse of the doctor-patient relationship; and (d) the other reasons detailed
in the written no case to answer submissions before the 1st DC.

75 To recap, the only decision the SMC is to make under s 41(3) of the MRA is
to appoint a disciplinary committee once a complaints committee has issued an
order for a formal inquiry. The function of the complaints committee under s
41 of the MRA is only to decide after due inquiry whether or not a formal
inquiry by a disciplinary committee is necessary (see _Regina v General
Medical Council ex p Toth_ [2000] 1 WLR 2209 at [14(5)]). It is the
disciplinary committee which is to hear and investigate the Complaint
following which, if established, the disciplinary committee may impose any of
the sanctions set out in s 45(2) MRA. If the Complaint is not established, s
46(16) MRA provides that the disciplinary committee shall dismiss the
Complaint. The SMC quite properly was not provided with, nor should it have
had, the transcript of the 1st DC hearing in making its decision of 14
September 2010 to refer the Complaint for a hearing and investigation by a 2nd
DC. The question of whether a patient agreement on fees extinguishes any
professional misconduct because there is no rule against such agreements, and
the absence of patient abuse or because of other matters raised before the 1st
DC are all not questions to be determined by the SMC under s 41(3) of the MRA,
nor are they questions to be determined by the complaints committee under s 41
of the MRA, given their respective functions. These questions are to be
determined only by the disciplinary committee after a hearing and
investigation.

76 The SMC decision in this case was not a decision that touched on the
substance or merits or otherwise of the Complaint. The SMC did not consider
matters it should not have considered nor did it fail to consider any matter
it was bound to consider. For the SMC to refer the Complaint, as it is
required to do by s 41(3) of the MRA, cannot be characterised as being one
which no reasonable body could have made. As I have rejected the Applicant’s
argument that the SMC was obliged to first refer the Complaint back to a fresh
complaints committee, I do not need to consider the _Wednesbury_ irrationality
argument with respect to such a fresh complaints committee. With respect to
the argument that any disciplinary committee decision against the Applicant
would be _Wednesbury_ irrational, this is hypothetical and premature.

77 In summary, the Applicant has been unable to establish that the SMC’s
decision to refer the matter to the 2nd DC is _Wednesbury_ irrational. I make
no conclusion on her argument that any complaints committee order would be
_Wednesbury_ irrational because it is unnecessary for me to address that
argument given my conclusion that a referral to a fresh complaints committee
is not necessary under the MRA. Neither do I make any conclusion on whether
any disciplinary committee decision would be _Wednesbury_ irrational because
that argument is hypothetical and premature.

78 The Applicant relying, _inter alia_ , on _Low Cze Hong v Singapore Medical
Council_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 612 at [89], also raised considerations of
unfairness, prejudice and oppression in support of her application for a
Prohibiting Order, to _wit_ , that it would be unfair to her by reason of the
delays in hearing and investigating the Complaint, that her defence is known
to the prosecution and that she would have to bear the financial costs of a
resumed disciplinary committee hearing and investigation. These
considerations, taken out of context, do not themselves independently support
a Prohibiting Order. In any event, none of these arise from the inaction or
delays on the part of the SMC or the 1st DC. These are unavoidable
consequences of the recusal of the 1st DC.

Duty to provide fair regulatory system under s 5of the MRA

79 It remains for me to examine the Applicant’s high level abstraction that by
reason of s 5(f) of the MRA, which vests the responsibility to prescribe and
regulate the ethical conduct of medical practitioners in the SMC, the SMC has
a legal obligation to ensure a fair disciplinary process and was obliged to
review the unusual circumstances resulting in the recusal of the entire 1st DC
before deciding to appoint the 2nd DC.

80 The Applicant first submits that because the SMC is constituted under the
MRA to establish and operate the disciplinary processes and has assumed the
responsibility for the prosecution of complaints before disciplinary
committees, the SMC has created the risk of actual or apparent bias at the
core of its regulatory function. In short, it is argued that as the SMC is
both regulator and prosecutor, Professor Satku’s role as complainant ought to
have been completely excluded from the SMC decision to refer the Complaint to
a 2nd DC, by reason of his role as regulator. It is submitted that it is
incumbent on the SMC to ensure that the processes wherein the complaints
committees and disciplinary committees are selected and operated are fair,
transparent and conducted in accordance with natural justice principles. It is
averred that the SMC failed to do this by not excluding Professor Satku from
the SMC when it made the decision to refer the Complaint to a 2nd DC, given
that he had a prior role as regulator in the origin of the Complaint.

81 Section 5 of the MRA indeed empowers the SMC to regulate the ethical
standards of medical practitioners. However, the structure of a fair
disciplinary process is not set by the SMC. It is set by Parliament in
enacting the MRA (see [5] above). In the operation of this statutory
disciplinary process, fairness is ensured by the supervision of the court to
ensure fair processes are followed in every case. Nothing has been made out in
court that the SMC’s decision to refer the Complaint to a 2nd DC is in breach
of the applicable legality or fairness / natural justice requirements. The
fact alone that the MRA provides that the DMS is _statutorily_ the Registrar
and member of the SMC does not in any way denigrate from the statutory
disciplinary structure being a fair one. The Applicant’s high level
abstraction reliant on s 5 of the MRA does not cohere nor is it supportable
with the structure and provisions of the MRA.

Conclusion on the Quashing Order and Prohibiting Order Applications relating
to the SMC’s Decision

82 The application for a Quashing Order of the SMC’s decision to appoint a 2nd
DC, in the above premises, must necessarily fail, as must the application for
a Prohibiting Order.

Declaration that the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations are illegal

83 The Applicant has further applied for a declaration that the enactment of
the entire S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations is void because they are contrary
to natural justice.

84 This application is misconceived. The power to make regulations of general
application is lawfully that of the SMC under s 70 of the MRA. No authority
was cited for the proposition that the courts would declare the mere enactment
of regulations to be illegal generally. The courts will determine the legality
of enactments only in a real controversy where the provision has been applied.
It is quite clear that the courts decide real controversies and do not
entertain theoretical or hypothetical issues. See Carleton Kemp Allen, _Law
and Orders: An Inquiry into the Nature and Scope of Delegated Legislation and
Executive Powers in English Law_ (Stevens & Sons Limited, 2nd ed, 1956) at p
266–267:

… It is a principle of our jurisprudence – and, it is to be supposed, of most
systems of law – that courts will not entertain purely hypothetical questions.
They will not pronounce upon legal situations which _may_ arise, but generally
upon those which have arisen. If, however, there is an _existing_ basis of
right or obligation, it is sometimes of great advantage to an interested party
to establish his position before it is put to the test of a joinder of issue.
To take a simple illustration: nobody can come to the court to ascertain what
his position _will_ be _if_ his rich uncle makes a promised disposition by
will in his favour. This is, in legal terminology, a mere _spes_ , and one
which experience teaches is often frustrated. If, on the other hand, an
intestate estate has fallen to be administered, and the administrator makes it
known that he wrongfully claims, as part of the estate, property which clearly
belongs to X, X, being in jeopardy of merely vexatious litigation, is entitled
to come to the Court for a declaration that the administrator has no right or
title to X’s property.

[emphasis in original]

In _Draper v British Optical Association_ [1938] 1 All ER 115, which involved
an application for a declaration and an injunction, Farwell J observed:

… It may be that, if and when the defendants hold their meeting, they may
think it right to seek to enforce against the [claimant] this code of ethics,
and, if they do, it may be that they will be acting _ultra vires_. But, until
they have sought to enforce that code upon the [claimant], I myself do not
consider that it is for me to determine this question in the abstract. It is
quite true that, in a proper case, the court will determine matters of this
kind in a _quia time_ t action, but there must be before the court, before it
will entertain a _quia timet_ action, satisfactory evidence that the defendant
is threatening or intending to do that which it is said he is not entitled to
do, or that which, it is said, will lead to serious damage to the plaintiff.

In short, whether the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations are contrary to natural
justice is a question that the court will determine when the question is
raised as a real controversy and not when it is raised hypothetically.

85 The 2nd DC has not actually applied reg 42 because the 2nd DC’s inquiry has
not proceeded further by reason of these applications. However, the record
shows that during the 2nd DC’s pre-inquiry conference meeting, the 2nd DC’s
legal assessor mentioned that he had advised the 2nd DC that reg 42, as
amended by the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations, was applicable to the 2nd
DC’s proceedings. It might therefore be argued that there is a “threatened”
application of reg 42 as amended by the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations. On
that view, it might be argued that this application is not hypothetical.

86 I am of the view, however, that this application remains hypothetical
because, contrary to the 2nd DC’s legal assessor’s advice to the 2nd DC, reg
42, as amended by the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations, is not applicable to
the 2nd DC’s proceedings.

87 In the first place, the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations cover a whole
range of matters of general purposes including the following: accreditation of
specialists, pre-inquiry conferences of disciplinary committees,
representation procedures prior to the issue of disciplinary charges,
alteration of charges and consolidation of charges in relation to those
arising from the same transaction, and the holding of joint and separate
inquiries. The Applicant made no submission on how any of these amendments in
the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations have any bearing on or have been applied
in the 2nd DC hearing.

88 The Applicant’s primary complaint relates to one reg 42. The position prior
to the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations was that where the disciplinary
committee considers it prejudicial to the discharge of its duties for the
advice of the legal assessor to be tendered in the presence of the parties or
their representatives, the question may be tendered in their absence but such
advice shall be subsequently put in writing and given to every party or
representative. Under the S 528/2010 amendment of reg 42, there is no longer
any need to put the legal assessor’s advice in writing and make it available
to the parties or their representatives where such advice was tendered in
their absence.

89 However, even reg 42, as amended by the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations,
has no application to the Applicant. The Attorney’s counsel early in these
proceedings had submitted that reg 42, as amended by the S 528/2010 Amendment
Regulations, did apply to the 2nd DC’s proceedings because the S 528/2010
Amendment Regulations provided that they would come into effect on 20
September 2010. The Attorney’s counsel was closely questioned by the court on
whether the accrued substantive right of a defendant in ongoing disciplinary
proceedings could be changed midstream to the detriment of such defendant. The
Attorney’s counsel reconsidered and subsequently reversed the submission made
earlier in court. As reg 42 relates to substantive rights, s 16(1)(c) of the
Interpretation Act provides, _inter alia_ , that the repeal in whole or in
part of any written law (including subsidiary legislation) shall not affect
any right acquired or accrued under any such repealed written law unless a
contrary intention appears. No contrary intention appears because there were
no transitional provisions in the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations.

90 Since the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations, and reg 42 as amended
thereunder, are not applicable to the 2nd DC’s proceedings, the question of
whether reg 42, as amended, and the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations are
contrary to natural justice is hypothetical to the Applicant in this judicial
review proceeding.

91 The Applicant also raises a further submission that the enactment of the S
528/2010 Amendment Regulations on 16 September 2010, which were brought into
force on 20 September 2010, was directed at the Applicant’s 2nd DC hearing.
Apart from the timing of their enactment, however, the Applicant has not
explained in court as to how they are directed at her. As shown above, the
contents of the Amendment Regulations are mostly of general application and
neutral (see [87] above).

92 It should be noted that this submission has no bearing on the question of
whether the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations are _substantively_ contrary to
natural justice. I have already observed that that question is hypothetical
(see [90] above). This argument was raised in support of the Applicant’s
submissions that the SMC decision to appoint the 2nd DC and shortly thereafter
enact amendments to reg 42 in the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations, gave rise
to a reasonable apprehension of bias.

93 A close analysis of the content and chronology of the S 528/2010 Amendment
Regulations reveals that this submission has no merit. The S 528/2010
Amendment Regulations introduced these new procedures relating to disciplinary
committees pursuant to s 70 of the MRA. In December 2010, the Medical
Registration Regulations 2010 (S 733/2010) (“the S 733/2010 MRR”) were enacted
to consolidate the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations with all preceding
unrevoked regulations.

94 The S 733/2010 MRR also contains further refinements to the S 528/2010
Amendment Regulations, which the Applicant complains, indicates that the S
528/2010 Amendment Regulations were rushed to enactment and directed at the
2nd DC hearing. The new refinements under the S 733/2010 MRR are primarily to
rename the “Disciplinary Committee” as the “Disciplinary Tribunal”. This
change could only be introduced in the regulations after the coming into
effect of the Amendment Act on 1 December 2010 by r 2 of Gazette Notification
732/2010. The SMC could not as a matter of law have enacted this change
earlier in September 2010 in the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations as these
particular MRA amendments had not been brought into effect then.

95 The other material amendment in the S 733/2010 MRR is the further
refinement to reg 42 (which is now renumbered as reg 67 in the S 733/2010 MRR)
which _inter alia_ provides that any advice tendered during the Disciplinary
Tribunal’s deliberations need not be provided to the parties or
representatives. However, reg 72(c) of the S 733/2010 MRR provides a
transitional provision that notwithstanding the revocation of all the previous
Medical Registration Regulations, including the S 528/2010 Amendment
Regulations, these revoked regulations shall continue to apply to any
committee appointed before 1 December 2010, as if they had not been revoked.
This means that reg 42 as refined by the S 733/2010 MRR (_ie_ , reg 67 of the
S 733/2010 MRR), does not have retrospective effect to extend to any ongoing
disciplinary committees to which reg 42, as amended by the S 528/2010
Amendment Regulations, is applicable. This also means that reg 42, as refined
by the S 733/2010 MRR, is not applicable to any ongoing disciplinary
proceedings to which reg 42 as amended by S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations, is
itself not applicable. Put simply, neither the refinements in S 733/2010 MRR
nor the amendment in the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations made with respect to
reg 42 are applicable to the 2nd DC proceedings. The original reg 42 in force
on 14 September 2010 (being the date of appointment of the 2nd DC) would
remain operative. Given this exact chronology and effect of the various
amendments, the Applicant has no basis to harbour any reasonable suspicion
that the S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations were rushed and directed at the 2nd
DC’s hearing.

96 If the 2nd DC applies reg 42, as amended by the S 528/2010 Amendment
Regulations, or reg 67 of the S 733/2010 MRR (_ie_ , the refined reg 42),
notwithstanding the transitional provisions of reg 71 of the S 733/2010 MRR,
and those provisions either infringe natural justice or are illegal on other
grounds, she remains at liberty to seek judicial review in court of the 2nd DC
findings and decision and make her case.

Distillation of Applicant’s case

97 Having analysed and evaluated the Applicant’s case in detail, I will now
distil the essence of her case.

98 The Applicant seeks to quash the SMC’s decision to refer the Complaint to
the 2nd DC for a hearing and investigation and to prohibit the SMC from any
further referral of the same Complaint to any disciplinary committee in
future. In order to achieve this, it is necessary in law for the Applicant to
establish that the SMC decision to refer the Complaint to the 2nd DC was
illegal or biased as alleged. Illegality means that the Applicant had to show
that the reference was illegal under the MRA. The MRA does however empower the
SMC to appoint the 2nd DC upon the revocation of the entire 1st DC’s
appointment. The SMC is also entitled under s 12 of the MRA to determine its
own procedures for the conduct of its business whether in physical meetings or
otherwise and accordingly its unanimous decision upon an email is in order.
That the SMC had several unfilled vacancies created by the Amendment Act when
it decided to refer the matter to the 2nd DC is validated by s 33 of the
Interpretation Act.

99 As for bias, it is necessary for the Applicant to establish actual bias on
the part of the SMC. The Applicant makes no allegation and there is nothing on
the record to show personal bias or animus or abuse of position on the part of
any SMC member. The Applicant invites the court to infer actual bias from no
facts. The Applicant’s case for reasonable apprehension of bias is based again
not on any specific person or conduct but on an aggregation of circumstances.
First, as to any conflict of interest on the part of the DMS, that the DMS has
multiple statutory roles, which are roles Parliament has accorded the office
of a DMS, cannot in and of itself be evidence of any bias on the part of the
SMC to refer the Complaint for a hearing and investigation by a disciplinary
committee. Second, the recusal of the 1st DC on a challenge of prejudgment is
something the 1st DC was entitled to do and there is nothing on the record
that can be imputed to the entire SMC such as to legally infect its decision
to refer the Complaint to a hearing and investigation by the 2nd DC. The
alleged conduct of the SMC’s in-house counsel in the 1st DC hearing is not
before this court as the Applicant is not seeking to quash the appointment or
recusal of the 1st DC. The conduct of the SMC in-house counsel and her alleged
remark which is on the record and taken out of context, in any event, cannot
be imputed to the entire SMC such as to legally infect all the SMC members who
decided to refer the Complaint to a hearing and investigation by a 2nd DC.
Finally, the Applicant submits a high level abstraction based on s 5 of the
MRA to construct a legal obligation on the SMC to create and maintain a fair
system. This, the Applicant submits, the SMC has failed to do. Section 5 of
the MRA does not however confer the obligation to create a fair system on the
SMC. It is the MRA itself which creates the fair system. The SMC’s obligation
to maintain or operate this system is subject to the legal grounds of judicial
review. The Applicant has not, on the record, been able to establish any of
these grounds in court.

100 To prevent the SMC from convening any future disciplinary committees to
inquire into the same Complaint, the Applicant’s case for a Prohibiting Order
is that it would be _Wednesbury_ irrational for the SMC, any complaints
committee or any disciplinary committee to do so. The transcript of the 1st DC
proceedings having properly not been made available to the SMC, there is
nothing on the record to show that the SMC had not considered any matter it
should have considered, nor that it omitted considering anything it should not
have omitted considering. Given that the SMC is not the fact-finding body, but
is to refer the Complaint for a hearing and investigation by a disciplinary
committee, the referral cannot be one which no reasonable body could have
made. As I have rejected the Applicant’s argument that the SMC was obliged to
first refer the Complaint back to a fresh complaints committee, I do not need
to consider the _Wednesbury_ irrationality argument with respect to such a
fresh complaints committee. As there is no disciplinary committee decision to
date, any argument of _Wednesbury_ irrationality on the part of any
disciplinary committee is, for now, hypothetical and premature. As for
considerations of “unfairness, prejudice and oppression”, these are not
independent legal grounds but considerations. In this case, the delays and
costs did not arise by inaction of the SMC or the 1st DC. These are the
unavoidable consequences of the recusal of the 1st DC.

101 As for the Declaration application, the application to declare that the
entire S 528/2010 Amendment Regulations is illegal is overstated as they cover
a multiplicity of matters which have no obvious bearing on the 2nd DC hearing.
The application that the amended reg 42 is in breach of natural justice is
hypothetical as it has no application the 2nd DC hearing.

102 The Applicant will have another day in court (apart from any appeal from
my judgment) should she seek judicial review of the 2nd DC findings and
decision.

Conclusion

103 For all these reasons, the applications are dismissed.

104 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

