Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Chow Hong (alias Ong Chaw Ping) _v_ Public Prosecutor and another
appeal  
[2011] SGHC 93

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal Nos 260 of 2009 and 165 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Bernard Doray (Bernard & Rada Law Corporation) for the
appellant in MA No 260 of 2009 and respondent in MA No 165 of 2010; Jeffrey
Chan SC, Peter Koy, Melanie Ng, Ong Luan Tze and Sarah Lam (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent in MA No 260 of 2009 and appellant in MA No 165
of 2010; Melanie Chng (Young Amicus Curiae).  
Parties| :|  Ong Chow Hong (alias Ong Chaw Ping) — Public Prosecutor  
  
13 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 These proceedings began as an appeal by Mr Ong Chow Hong @ Ong Chaw Ping
(the “Appellant”) against a disqualification order barring him from taking
part in the management of any company for a period of one year (the
“Disqualification Order”). He was charged and convicted of failing to exercise
reasonable diligence in the discharge of the duties of his office as a
director of Airocean Group Limited (“Airocean”). However, after I intimated to
counsel that the length of the Disqualification Order might, on the contrary,
be manifestly inadequate, the Prosecution obtained leave and filed an appeal
against sentence as well. After hearing full submissions, I decided to
increase the disqualification period imposed on the Appellant to 24 months. In
addition, I gave short written grounds and informed the parties that detailed
reasons would follow at a later date. These are the full grounds of my
decision.

2 It would be churlish of me if I do not, at the outset, record my debt to all
Counsel (and, in particular, Ms Melanie Chng (“Ms Chng”), the _Amicus Curiae_)
for their invaluable assistance in this matter. I found their submissions
illuminating, comprehensive and, most importantly, useful in assisting me to
arrive at my decision. Ms Chng’s written submissions, in particular, were a
model of clarity. Mr Jeffrey Chan SC, for the Prosecution, and Mr Bernard
Doray, for the Appellant, ought to be also commended for the even-handed
presentation of their submissions.

3 All things considered, the central considerations in these appeals were the
seriousness of the Appellant’s lapse of judgment and whether it warranted a
disqualification from acting as a director. If disqualification was warranted,
this court had to also determine the appropriate length of disqualification to
impose. As for the legal issues, the fundamental enquiry was to ascertain if
the statutory objective of Singapore’s disqualification regime for directors
was protective, punitive or an amalgam of both. Such an enquiry would take
into account the history of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) and
the entire statutory scheme for directors’ responsibilities and corporate
governance.

Background and Facts

4 Airocean was a company listed on the Mainboard of the Singapore Exchange
Securities Trading Limited. The Appellant was its non-executive Chairman and
an independent director. At the material time, Airocean’s Board of Directors
(the “Board”) consisted of six members:

(a)

Thomas Tay Nguen Cheong (“Thomas Tay”) – Chief Executive Officer and Executive
Director;

(b)

Chong Keng Ban @ Johnson Chong – Chief Operating Officer and Executive
Director;

(c)

Dunn Shio Chau Paul (“Dunn”) – Executive Director;

(d)

The Appellant – Non-Executive Chairman and Independent Director;

(e)

Peter Madhavan (“Madhavan”) – Independent Director; and

(f)

Ong Seow Yong – Independent Director.

5 The catalyst for the charge against the Appellant occurred on 6 September
2005. That morning, officers from the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau
(“CPIB”) picked up Thomas Tay from his home and brought him to their office
for questioning on allegations of corruption involving Airocean and two other
companies in the airline industry. During the investigation, and on CPIB’s
instructions, Thomas Tay directed his staff at Airocean’s premises to compile
all his e-mails and business proposals connected to the corruption
allegations. On 7 September 2005, Thomas Tay was released on bail but his
passport was impounded by CPIB.

6 On 8 September 2005, the Airocean directors (with the exception of Dunn)
convened an urgent board meeting to discuss what the company should do
following the investigation of Thomas Tay. The relevant minutes of the meeting
showed that the Board was informed of the following:

(a)

on 6 September 2005 at about 7.00am, CPIB officers had called upon Thomas Tay
to assist the CPIB in an ongoing investigation;

(b)

CPIB had requested for and obtained from Airocean all e-mails of Thomas Tay
from 1 January 2005 to 6 September 2005;

(c)

Thomas Tay had asked for certain documents relating to the corruption
allegations;

(d)

Thomas Tay’s passport was impounded by CPIB;

(e)

Thomas Tay was questioned for 36 hours by CPIB;

(f)

Thomas Tay was questioned on whether he had offered any gratification to the
staff of some companies in the airline industry;

(g)

Thomas Tay had sought his own legal advice on the CPIB investigation; and

(h)

Thomas Tay’s counsel was of the opinion that the worst-case scenario was that
Thomas Tay might be exposed to a criminal charge of offering gratification.

Unrecorded in the above minutes, was the additional and very significant fact
that Thomas Tay informed the Board that he was released by CPIB on bail.
(Thomas Tay subsequently confirmed with the Commercial Affairs Department
(“CAD”) that he _did_ indeed do so.) At the conclusion of the meeting, the
Board resolved that nothing further needed to be done at that time.

7 About more than two months after the 8 September 2005 meeting, events came
to a head when the Thomas Tay investigation surfaced to the public _fora_. On
the morning of 25 November 2005, the Straits Times published an article (see
Azrin Asmani, “Airocean’s chief executive Thomas Tay under CPIB probe” _The
Straits Times_ (25 November 2005)) (“the Article”). The Article, among other
facts, included a quote from Thomas Tay denying that he was the subject of a
CPIB investigation:

I was called up by the CPIB for an interview months ago. I believe, to the
best of my knowledge, that it concerns an investigation over some people in my
industry and _it has nothing to do with me …_ [emphasis added]

8 Later that morning, Singapore Exchange Limited (“SGX”) contacted Airocean,
requiring “Airocean to explain why the fact that [Thomas Tay] was under a CPIB
probe was not made public” and “to confirm whether or not [Thomas Tay] was in
fact a subject of CPIB investigations”.[note: 1] Airocean eventually requested
for SGX to suspend the trading of its shares pending an announcement. At
9.15am, Airocean’s company secretary, Ms Ang Lay Hua (“Ms Ang”), e-mailed all
the directors, informing them of the trading halt announcement and that SGX
had requested Airocean to make a clarificatory statement responding to the
Article.

9 Ms Ang later contacted the Appellant, who was also the non-executive
Chairman of Airocean’s Board by telephone, and updated him on the latest
developments. According to the agreed Statement of Facts, the Appellant then
informed Ms Ang that “ _he would agree to any announcement issued by
[Airocean] if [Madhavan] approved of it. [The Appellant] said that that was
because he was going to play golf that day_ ”[note: 2] [emphasis added]. In
fairness to the Appellant, I should also add that he tried to explain that the
golfing event he attended was not a mere social affair. Apparently, it was
organised by the Aljunied Town Council; the Appellant was the Chairman of its
Audit Committee and had a prominent role to play in the event.[note: 3]

10 On account of what transpired, the Appellant was charged with contravening
s 157(1) of the CA, in failing to use reasonable diligence in the discharge of
his official duties as a director of Airocean. The relevant provisions of s
157 of the CA provide as follows:

**157.** —(1) A director shall at all times act honestly and use reasonable
diligence in the discharge of the duties of his office.

...

(3) An officer or agent who commits a breach of any of the provisions of this
section shall be —

...

(b) guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months.

...

Where a person has been convicted of an offence under s 157 of the CA, s
154(2) of the CA allows the court to make a disqualification order. The
relevant provisions of s 154 are reproduced below:

(2) Where a person is convicted in Singapore of —

...

(b) any offence under section 157 or 339,

the court may make a disqualification order in addition to any other sentence
imposed.

(3) A person who is disqualified under subsection (1) or who has had a
disqualification order made against him under subsection (2) shall not act as
a director of a company or of a foreign company to which Division 2 of Part XI
applies nor shall he take part, whether directly or indirectly, in the
management of such a company or foreign company.

In the District Court, the Appellant pleaded guilty and was fined $4,000, in
default four weeks’ imprisonment, and also disqualified from managing the
affairs of any company for a period of 12 months (see _Public Prosecutor v Ong
Chow Hong_ [2009] SGDC 387 (“the GD”)).

Nature of Disqualification of Directors

11 The District Judge (“DJ”) proceeded on the basis that the objective of a
disqualification order made under s 154(2)(_b_) of the CA was “ _predominantly
punitive in nature_ ” [emphasis added] (see [44] of the GD). It was on that
basis that the DJ found a disqualification order appropriate. In fairness to
him, he had good reasons to adopt such an approach.

12 Pronouncements from different Singapore courts to date had, with varying
emphasis, sought to justify like orders on the basis of either “punishment” or
“protection”. In _Lim Teck Cheng v Attorney-General_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 223 (“
_Lim Teck Cheng_ ”) at [13], Amarjeet Singh JC held that the disqualification
provision was essentially protective in nature. However, in the subsequent
case of _Lee Huay Kok v Attorney-General_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 287 (“ _Lee Huay
Kok_ ”) at [10], Choo Han Teck JC disagreed and held that the disqualification
order was essentially punitive in nature. Simply on precedent alone, the DJ
was not entirely incorrect to follow the “punitive” line of authorities. This
distinction was crucial as the statutory objective informed the court on the
applicable relevant considerations when assessing the appropriateness and
extent of a disqualification order. The punitive rationale assumes that
disqualification is the law’s response to wrongdoing and ought to incorporate
classical sentencing principles such as retribution and proportionality. On
the other hand, the protective rationale focusses on prospective
considerations that may well be divorced from past culpability. With these
conflicting authorities in mind, the central issue was to clarify whether the
subject disqualification was pre-dominantly punitive or protective in nature.
To resolve this, it would first be useful to consider the history of the
regime on the disqualification of directors in Singapore.

13 The genesis of the judicial power to disqualify company directors was the
United Kingdom (“the UK”) companies’ legislation first enacted in 1928
(Companies Act 1928). Although the statutory power to disqualify originated
from the UK, the architecture of the current scheme outlining the statutory
duty of honesty and reasonable diligence, as well as the automatic
disqualification regime, was sired by the 1961 Victorian Companies Act (No
6839 of 1961) in Australia. This automatic disqualification regime was the
primary influence of Singapore’s initial disqualification regime when our
Companies Act (Act 42 of 1967) was enacted in 1967 (“the 1967 CA”). In so far
as the early provisions of the three jurisdictions were concerned, it was not
disputed that “protection” was the overarching object embedded in the power to
disqualify. Since the introduction of the 1967 CA, all three jurisdictions
have embarked on different regulatory paths. The question now was whether
“protection” was still the be all and end all of the present disqualification
regime. It seemed to me that the statutory developments in the UK and
Australian jurisdictions caused a move away from the original conception of
protection as the _predominant_ consideration for disqualification orders (in
varying degrees). Some legal archaeology is necessary to explain this.

14 Parliament in the UK replaced the old disqualification regime in their
general companies’ legislation with a specialised regime known as the Company
Directors Disqualification Act 1986 (c 46) (UK) (“CDDA”). The CDDA had a
mandatory disqualification provision under s 6 and discretionary
disqualification provisions such as ss 2 and 5. Section 6 of the CDDA was the
UK version of s 149 of our CA (disqualification of “unfit” directors of
insolvent companies). Most of the cases cited by the parties were cases
relating to s 6 of the CDDA as it was the most frequently invoked avenue for
disqualification in the UK. The UK cases interpreting s 6 of the CDDA had
expanded the considerations for disqualification orders beyond protective
purposes to include deterrence and punitive considerations. In _In re Grayan
Building Services Ltd. (In Liquidation)_ [1995] Ch 241 (“ _Re Grayan_ ”),
disqualification of “unfit” directors of insolvent companies was imposed on
the basis of past misconduct, even in the face of present suitability. Lord
Hoffman in _Re Grayan_ (at 253), expressed objectives of general deterrence,
in his view that:

The purpose of making disqualification mandatory was to ensure that everyone
whose conduct had fallen below the appropriate standard was disqualified for
at least two years, whether in the individual case the court thought that this
was necessary in the public interest or not.

Therefore, even when there was no need for protection, disqualification was
imposed for deterrent purposes. Lord Woolf MR in _Secretary of State for Trade
and Industry v Griffiths & Ors (No 2), Re Westmid Packaging Services Ltd (No
3)_ [1998] B.C.C. 836 at 843 also expressed punitive considerations for
disqualification under s 6, stating that:

Despite the fact that the courts have said disqualification is not a
‘punishment’, in truth the exercise that is being engaged in is little
different from any sentencing exercise. The period of disqualification must
reflect the gravity of the offence. It must contain deterrent elements.

As s 6 placed greater emphasis on the director’s _past conduct_ , this may
have led to an increase in importance in _punitive_ considerations rather than
the historically predominant consideration of protection (which takes a more
prospective perspective) (see the application of retributive considerations in
_Re Crestjoy Products Ltd_ [1990] BCC 677 and disqualification as a means of
deterrence in _Re Morija plc_ [2008] 2 BCLC 313 at 323). However, while there
may have been a shift towards greater consideration of _deterrence_ and
_punitive_ considerations, it was expressed in Adrian Walters and Malcolm
Davis-White, _Directors’ Disqualification & Insolvency Restrictions_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010) at p 45 that “ _the authorities (and in particular,
those on CDDA ss.6 and 8) suggest there is a judicial consensus in favour of
the view that disqualification is primarily protective rather than penal_ ”
[emphasis added]. This protective view was expressed in _In Re Sevenoaks
Stationers (Retail) Ltd_. [1991] Ch 164, the first appeal against a
disqualification order under s 6 of the CDDA. The Court of Appeal held (at
176) that it was “beyond dispute that the purpose of section 6 is to _protect
the public”_ [emphasis added]. Therefore, while the disqualification regime in
UK expanded its considerations to include _deterrent_ and _punitive_
considerations, it had not shifted entirely from its historically protective
objective. The shift in Australia as described below has been more pronounced.

15 Under the current Australian Corporations Act 2001, besides the established
statutory grounds for disqualification (_eg_ , persistent breaches of
statutory requirements), disqualification is used uniquely in Australia as a
civil penalty. This “civil penalty” regime was implemented under the Corporate
Law Reform Act 1992 (No 210 of 1992) as a way to sanction misconduct of
directors even where the conduct fell short of a criminal offence (see
Australian Senate Standing Committee on Legal and Constitutional Affairs,
_Company Directors’ Duties – Report on the Social and Fiduciary Duties and
Obligations of Company Directors_ (November 1989)). Thus in Australia, the
introduction of civil penalty provisions had notably infused into its
disqualification regime some degree of punitive considerations. The High Court
of Australia in _Rich and Another v Australian Securities and Investments
Commission_ (2004) 50 ACSR 242 (“ _Rich v ASIC”)_ broadly equated the
applicable considerations for disqualification in the civil penalty regime
with those in the criminal sentencing context. _Rich v ASIC_ recognised that
the disqualification regime was _not purely protective_ (at [52]), and that
retribution was as much a factor as the protection of the public (at [56]).
However, one must be cautious in importing the Australian cases under the
“civil penalty” regime which places more emphasis on punitive considerations
such as retribution and deterrence _entirely_ into our local context. As a
statutory replacement for criminal sanctions, civil penalty disqualifications
were accordingly intended to provide a reduced form of “punishment” – hence it
was natural for the Australian courts to articulate punitive objects
underlying disqualification orders (see _Australian Securities & Investments
Commission v White_ [2006] VSC 239 at 265 and 272).

16 It therefore appears that while protective considerations remained relevant
in Australia and the UK, the power to disqualify directors had expanded to
accommodate various additional policy interests since 1928. While Singapore’s
disqualification regime may have originated from Australia and was influenced
by developments in the UK, it is clear that the modern statutory developments
in Australia and the UK have led to a difference in emphasis in the
considerations underlying their respective disqualification regimes. I have
mentioned some of these developments in Australia and the UK to underscore and
explain why our courts should be slow to apply, without qualification, case
law from these jurisdictions. While I accepted that the experience in those
jurisdictions were helpful, they now have to be evaluated with reference to
the structure of the disqualification provisions and the context of corporate
governance in Singapore.

17 In Singapore, the amendments in 1993 via Companies (Amendment) Act (Act 22
of 1993) (the “1993 amendments”) remodelled the earlier rigid automatic
disqualification regime into our present discretionary regime. Pre-1993, a
director was automatically disqualified when he was either found guilty of
breaching his statutory duty or committing an offence touching upon fraud or
dishonesty. That changed in 1993 when the legislature adopted a bifurcated
approach of having a discretionary disqualification regime for breaches of
statutory duties, and an automatic disqualification regime for offences
concerning fraud and dishonesty. Notwithstanding this change, the judicial
pronouncements in pre-1993 cases remain instructive where the broader nature
and purpose of disqualification is concerned. In other words, the general
judicial policy pertaining to disqualification has not changed after the 1993
amendments since the factors used in arriving at the decision of whether to
grant leave to manage a company after the automatic disqualification
(pre-1993) are generally similar to those used in arriving at the decision to
disqualify (post-1993). In my view, the 1993 amendments which introduced a
discretionary element in the disqualification regime were not intended to
detract from the predominantly protective purpose of s 154 as it was
originally enacted in 1967.

18 In the case of _Huang Sheng Chang and others v Attorney-General_
[1983–1984] SLR(R) 182 at [38], Wee Chong Jin CJ stated that the court, in
exercising its discretion whether to grant leave to manage a company after the
automatic disqualification, ought to consider:

(a) the nature of the offence of which the applicant has been convicted;

(b) the nature of the applicant's involvement;

(c) the applicant's general character;

(d) the structure and the nature of the business of each of the companies
which the applicant seeks the leave of the court to become a director of or to
take part in its management; and

(e) the interests of the general public, the shareholders, creditors and
employees of these companies and the risks to the public and to those persons
should the applicant be permitted to be a director or to take part in
management.

These factors were later cited with approval by the Privy Council in _Quek
Leng Chye and another v Attorney-General_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 282, and followed
(after the 1993 amendments) in _Lim Teck Cheng_. In all three cases, it was
rather clear from the considerations set out that our regime was pre-
dominantly protective in nature. In my view, the above factors remain relevant
in the present regime.

19 However, in a later case of _Lee Huay Kok_ , there was a departure from
this protective aspect of disqualification. Pausing, it bears mention that
while both _Lim Teck Cheng_ and _Lee Huay Kok_ involved automatic
disqualification of persons convicted of any offence involving fraud or
dishonesty, the principles were equally applicable to the discretionary regime
under s 154(2)(_b_). In _Lee Huay Kok_ , Choo Han Teck JC (“the JC”) dismissed
the application, and in doing so, found that the disqualification regime under
s 154 was punitive in nature. The JC stated (at [10]):

There are some who are of the view that disqualification under s 154 is not a
punitive provision but a "protective" measure. I must respectfully disagree. I
think that there is a strong, if not predominant, punitive element in the
disqualification provision. Whether it is punitive or protective is relevant
when the issue of reducing the period comes before the court. If it were a
“protective” provision, then in principle, a reduction of the disqualification
period would be justified when it can be shown that the protection objective
is met or has been satisfied, but it is not entirely clear what interest is
being protected here. In this case, for example, the company in which the
applicant wishes to participate as a director and manager is his own personal
company. It is virtually a sole proprietorship. What needs protection here?
When will protection cease to be required, and why? It cannot be at an
arbitrary fixed period whether at five years, or three, or ten. Similarly, if
it was intended to protect those who may have to deal with the convicted
person, in principle, there may be adequate protection if the court is
satisfied that there is a layer of supervision overseeing the acts of that
person. If that were so, it requires a more explicit expression in the wording
of s 154. _In my view, the context of this section implies that the intention
of Parliament was to inflict a period of disqualification as part of the
punishment on such an offender_. That there may be a measure of protection to
the public or shareholders of the company is but a natural corollary to the
disqualification. [emphasis added]

With respect, the learned JC departed from the original protective basis, and
in my view, this departure sits uneasily with the statutory structure of the
disqualification regime.

20 An analysis of the statutory structure fortifies the view that our
disqualification regime is predominantly protective in nature. Section 154 of
the CA is only one of several provisions that address the issue of
disqualification. The other provisions includes ss 148, 149, 149A, 155 and
155A of the CA. Certain key features of s 154(2) of the CA strongly suggest
that it was not intended to be essentially punitive. First, its sister
provision, s 154(1), quite evidently was not intended as a means to impose
criminal sanctions for the underlying criminal conduct. That provision imposes
an automatic 5-year disqualification period for offences concerning fraud or
dishonesty, regardless of the circumstances attending the offence or,
significantly, the location of the offence. The inclusion of foreign
convictions militated against disqualification being intended as a form of
criminal punishment for the underlying offence. The rationale behind s 154(1)
ought logically be that the individual’s fraudulent or dishonest conduct was
_prima facie_ evidence of his or her suitability of being a director, thereby
justifying the automatic restraint. Second, the available alternative of
securing s 154(2) orders through subsequent _civil_ proceedings (see s 154(6))
indicated that such orders were not inherently punitive in nature. These
applications, which are to be heard in a civil court, suggest that s 154(2)
orders were not intended to form part of the criminal sanctions imposed for
the underlying offences stated in ss 154(2)(_a_) and (_b_). The availability
of analogue civil procedures is a cogent reason to support the view that s
154(2) orders are _collateral protective orders_ independent of the punishment
imposed for the primary offence. The statutory policy therefore appears to be
that disqualification orders ought to be generally imposed to protect the
public from individuals who are shown to be unworthy of being privileged with
the protective shield of corporate autonomy. In other words, the
disqualification regime serves to protect the public from abuses of the
limited liability privilege.

21 Given the above local jurisprudence up until _Lee Huay Kok_ and the
statutory structure of the disqualification regime, I am therefore of the
opinion that the disqualification regime in Singapore remains essentially
protective in nature.

22 This shield of protection, however, has two sides to it. On one hand, the
public ought to be protected from an individual who has failed to discharge
his obligations _qua_ director. This side of protection may be viewed as
specific protection, or what I would prefer to term as the “ _thin_ ”
definition of protection. To date, case law in Singapore appeared to have been
largely focused on this narrower aspect of protection as being the _only_
appropriate consideration.

23 On the other hand, there is another side of protection that has been
overlooked. This side is equally, if not even more, significant in some
matters, particularly those involving listed companies. This is the need to
generally protect the public from all errant directors by an uncompromising
reaffirmation of the expected exemplary standards of corporate governance. As
the then Deputy Prime Minister, Mr Lee Hsien Loong, highlighted during the
second reading of the Securities and Futures Bill, the domestic shift from
merit-based regulation to a disclosure-based regime “demands an effective
market enforcement regime” which ensured that “[a]ny transgressions must be
swiftly and firmly dealt with, in order to preserve investor confidence in
Singapore’s capital markets” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (5 October 2001) vol 73 at col 2135 (BG Lee Hsien Loong, Deputy Prime
Minister)).

24 Therefore, given the disclosure-based regime, there is a corollary need for
the courts to ensure the accuracy of market disclosures to the public. In
_Public Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1082 at [1], I remarked:

Like a delicately-balanced spinning gyroscope, the equilibrium of the
financial market is pivoted upon the reliability and integrity of market
communications. Further, given the disclosure-based nature of our securities
market regime ..., the burden of maintaining market integrity by monitoring
and ensuring the security of investments no longer rests on regulatory bodies;
instead it has substantially shifted to market participants who are expected
to follow the rules of responsible market conduct and communications so that
other interested participants may access and act confidently on all available
information. It is therefore imperative that all market players comply with
requirements relating to both the quality and quantity of information
disclosed - not only must such information be adequate, it must also be
_accurate_. [emphasis in original]

This form of protection of the public is expressed through the appropriate
calibration of disqualification orders assessed to be sufficient to deter
serious lapses in corporate behaviour. I would characterise this as the “
_thick_ ” definition of protection.

25 These two notions of specific and general protection are therefore not
mutually exclusive and, indeed, are often intertwined. Accordingly, precedents
on disqualification orders of directors that do not acknowledge these Janus-
like considerations of protection ought to be viewed warily.

26 With the objective of disqualification orders clarified, I now turn back to
the appeals before me. Given my views, it therefore followed that the DJ erred
as a matter of law when he proceeded on the wrong footing that the
disqualification scheme is essentially punitive and failed to consider the
wider public interests that ought to be taken into account. Consequently, he
had given undue consideration to the standing of the Appellant since, in the
context of the protective objective of the disqualification regime, the
Appellant’s good standing had only a penumbral significance.

Appropriate sentence

27 It must have been obvious to any competent director that the response
required by SGX was of grave importance to Airocean. All directors had to
discharge an obligation of utmost candour to the shareholders and other
stakeholders of Airocean. It was perhaps important to note that the gravamen
of the charge was that the Appellant consciously abdicated from his
responsibilities; he never asked to see the draft announcement before it was
released to the public, and he was quite content to delegate his
responsibilities to another director. Moreover, he was either indifferent to
his wider responsibilities or failed to appreciate them.

28 The Appellant, I note, had sought to downplay his role and knowledge of the
material facts. He argued that he did not have sufficient knowledge or
understanding of the gravity of the investigations against Thomas Tay and
subsequently asserted that he did not want to cause “unnecessary delay” to the
making of the announcement. The Prosecution, on the other hand, maintained
that the Appellant knew about the gravity of the matter, but deliberately
chose to “cop out” when it most mattered. I was inclined to think that in the
final analysis, while it may be an overstatement to say that the Appellant
intentionally “copped out”, this difference in characterising the facts was of
slight consequence. The Appellant, it cannot be gainsaid, had committed
nothing short of a serious lapse in entirely abdicating his corporate
responsibilities. My reasons were as follows.

29 First, I did not accept that the Appellant failed to grasp the reality of
the difficult decisions faced by Airocean on 8 September 2005. The minutes
recorded during the Board meeting were as striking for what they stated, as
much as for what they did not state. The Appellant was informed unambiguously
that Thomas Tay, the Chief Executive Officer of Airocean, was under
investigation for corruption. If the investigation was trivial or did not
involve Thomas Tay as suggested by the Appellant, why would Thomas Tay’s
passport be impounded and why did he have to spend 36 hours being probed? He
surely had not been invited for a friendly business discussion over afternoon
tea.

30 The seriousness of the corruption allegations provided the important
context in which the Appellant breached his statutory duty on 25 November
2005. In my view, the minutes recorded during the Board meeting should have
put him on heightened vigilance, and on the facts of this case, the Appellant
was thoroughly informed of the gravity of the circumstances. To suggest any
ignorance or any perception that the events were of minute importance, were to
me, at the very least, divorced from reality. The urgency in convening the
Board meeting on 8 September 2005 was a palpable indication of the dark clouds
encircling the company. Furthermore, even if I were to accept that the
Appellant was under a mistaken apprehension of the severity of the
circumstances (which I did not), such a fact in my view would be a contention
that worked against the Appellant. If he could not even perceive the severity
in such palpable circumstances, it seemed to me that he should all the more be
kept away from such directorship positions where perceptive judgments are
fundamental.

31 Second, even if the Appellant was immediately engaged and/or could not
assist in the substantive drafting of the announcement, he ought to have
insisted on having sight of the final draft of the public announcement. At the
very minimum, he could have vetted and approved the final announcement after
the conclusion of his golf flight, before it was released. It bore mention
that the announcement was eventually only released at 8.00 pm that night.
Furthermore, the length of the draft announcement was extremely short and it
would have at most taken him about ten minutes to read, comment or approve the
announcement. Even if he did not have a mobile device that allowed him to
personally read the draft, the company secretary could very well have read the
announcement to him. Considering the circumstances, there was an abundance of
time and opportunity for the Appellant to take a proactive involvement in the
release of the announcement.

32 What aggravated the breach was the Appellant’s clear knowledge of the
circumstances leading up to the announcement. The Appellant knew of the
investigations against Thomas Tay when he was briefed in the urgent Board
meeting of 8 September 2005. With that at the back of the mind, any doubts
pertaining to the severity of the matter would have been extinguished when the
Straits Times ran a story on the investigation and SGX thereafter sought
clarification on that issue. It seemed to me that the Appellant had
unambiguously failed to appreciate the seriousness of his corporate
responsibilities when he adopted such a cavalier view of his duties as a
director. It was not an insignificant consideration that the clarification was
sought by no less than SGX, the body having supervisory responsibilities over
listed companies in Singapore. One would have thought that any competent
director would immediately comprehend the pressing urgency and significance of
such a query and the critical need to respond accurately and promptly.

33 Thirdly, it would have been imprudent to accept the Appellant’s contention
that he relied on another director’s responsibility of handling the public
announcement. In the appeal, the Appellant contended that his breach of
statutory duty could be mitigated by the fact that the making of the public
announcement was a legal issue to be handled by the lawyers sitting on the
Board. As a preliminary point, I must be clear to point out that the court was
not (in the appeal) looking at the accuracy of the substantive content of the
announcement. Obviously, if a false or misleading announcement was made and if
the Appellant had a hand in its dissemination, he could have faced a more
severe charge that the present one. While I accept that there are of course
limits to the extent of knowledge and expertise a director may be expected to
have, and that some reliance may be placed on the advice given by
professionals, each director of a listed company has a solemn and non-
delegable duty of due diligence to ensure compliance with market rules and
practices.

34 Directors of listed companies in Singapore have to appreciate that our
present disclosure based regime requires accurate and prompt disclosure to
function effectively. It would never be sufficient or acceptable for a
director to say that he expected his co-directors to do “right” by the
company. Every director has to ensure that he discharges his responsibilities
with due diligence in _all_ pertinent matters. Therefore, any reliance on
professionals or any reliance placed on “specialised” directors must be
balanced against the responsibility that the law placed upon every individual
director to bring to bear their own judgment in evaluating the advice
received. Directors cannot adopt a silo approach and invariably seek shelter
behind other “specialised” directors on the notion of reliance. How this
responsibility ought to be discharged in any particular case would be a
question of fact.

Conclusion

35 On the above grounds, I was satisfied that the one-year disqualification
order imposed by the DJ was manifestly inadequate. While I acknowledged that
the Appellant may be viewed as a valuable professional to the community and
the companies he had been involved in _qua_ director, and I was even prepared
to accept that this may well be a one-off incident, the court must also
appropriately calibrate the punishment in order to deter similar irresponsible
conduct. It ought to be made plain that the courts will not be slow to
disqualify directors for substantial periods of time if and when it is
established that there have been serious lapses in the discharge of their
responsibilities. The Appellant’s baffling decision to bury his head in the
sand was simply unacceptable. It was therefore my judgment that the
disqualification order be enhanced to 24 months. It followed that the
Appellant’s appeal had to be dismissed and the Prosecution’s appeal allowed.

* * *

[note: 1]Agreed Statement of Facts at para 22.

[note: 2]Agreed Statement of Facts at para 23.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Plea in Mitigation at para 28 and 33.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

