Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sheng Siong Supermarket Pte Ltd _v_ Carilla Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 204

Case Number| :| Suit No 272 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Willie Yeo and Lim Chee San (Yeo Marini & Partners) for
the plaintiff; Marina Chin (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sheng Siong Supermarket Pte Ltd — Carilla Pte Ltd  
  
14 September 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction and facts

1 This case concerns the interpretation of a leasehold agreement and whether
it is conditional upon the premises being capable of being used for a certain
purpose.

2 The defendant, Carilla Pte Ltd (“Carilla”), purchased a three-storey
leasehold property with a land area of about 1417.4 sq metres located at 535
Kallang Bahru, Singapore 339351 (“the Premises”), from Eng Wah Theatres
Organization Pte Ltd in September 2008. The reversionary owner of the property
is the Housing & Development Board (“the HDB”).

3 The plaintiff, Sheng Siong Supermarket Pte Ltd (“Sheng Siong”), operates a
well known chain of supermarkets, air-conditioned wet markets and food courts.
The property was introduced to Sheng Siong by Gabriel Goh Seh Hui (“Gabriel
Goh”) of CJ Goh Partnership LLP, who had himself been introduced the property
by Jeffrey Lau Chun Wei (“Jeffrey Lau”) of Huttons Real Estate Group, an agent
for Carilla.

How the dispute came about

4 The parties met on 13 October 2008 at Sheng Siong’s office to discuss
renting the Premises. They discussed, amongst other things, the following:

(a) The viability of setting up a supermarket and food court on the Premises;

(b) A potential rental rate of $2.50 per sq ft for three or more years to
commence on the issue of the temporary occupation permit; and

(c) Necessary addition and alteration works (“A&A works”).

It was agreed that Carilla was to take care of all the necessary A&A works and
engage its own architects to draw up plans for submission to the HDB and the
Urban Redevelopment Authority. Sheng Siong was to be responsible for the
interior design and renovation works and daily maintenance of the building.

5 In November 2008, various e-mails were exchanged between David Teo Kai Lip
(“David Teo”), Sheng Siong’s property manager, and Gabriel Goh regarding the
rental of the Premises. In particular, an e-mail dated 10 November 2008 from
Gabriel Goh to David Teo informed that Carilla was to build “two internal
travellators, a sub-station [_sic_], central air-cons, and a cargo lift to
suit the supermarket operations”.

6 In January 2009, a Main Term Sheet (“MTS”) was drafted by Carilla and
translated into Chinese at Sheng Siong’s request. On 12 January 2009, David
Teo e-mailed Gabriel Goh stating that Sheng Siong had vetted the draft MTS and
had some queries. In particular, with regard to cl 10(b) of the MTS, David Teo
wrote:

Please inform/advise the landlord that our co. business is operating
supermarket, Air-conditioning wet market and Food Court. The Landlord will
need to get approval from the relevant authorities for us to operate the said
businesses. In the event, if either one of these business is being rejected or
disapproved by authorities, we were [_sic_] not consider to rent the said
premises.

He asked Gabriel Goh to check with “the Landlord” (_ie_ , Carilla) regarding
these queries and advise accordingly. Gabriel Goh forwarded this e-mail to
Lawrence Leow and Jeffrey Lau of Carilla.

7 A final version of the MTS was signed by representatives from both Carilla
and Sheng Siong on 14 January 2009. Clause 10, titled “Tenant’s
responsibilities” reads as follows:

40% of GFA is for retail and 60% GFA is for entertainment, offices, child
care, etc. Tenant usage comprises supermarket, wet market, thematic F&B,
offices and others.

The final paragraph also states:

All the abovementioned terms shall be incorporated into the standard tenancy
agreement (see attachment B) to form the Formal Tenancy Agreement. Both
parties shall execute the Formal Tenancy Agreement within 30 days from the
date of signing of this Main Term Sheet.

8 The first draft of the tenancy agreement was produced by Carilla on 8
January 2009 and a second draft was produced on 13 February 2009. A final
version was prepared on 6 March 2009 (“the executed Tenancy Agreement”). All
versions of the tenancy agreement omit various terms contained in the MTS.
Most importantly, cl 10 of the MTS (reproduced at [7] above) which refers to
“supermarket, wet market, thematic F&B” usage was omitted. Nevertheless, Annex
1 of the tenancy agreement included a plan of the Premises which, both parties
agreed, depicted a supermarket. The Second Schedule similarly contained a list
which included a cargo lift, a passenger lift, travellators and escalators
consistent with use as a supermarket. Various terms not contained in the MTS
were included in the executed Tenancy Agreement. In particular, cl 4 of the
executed Tenancy Agreement states:

The Tenant hereby covenants with the Landlord as follows:-

(1) ...

(2) _Use_

(a)To use or occupy the Demised Premises only for the purpose(s) specified in
**item 7 of the First Schedule** hereto or for such other purposes as approved
by the Landlord from time to time, Provided that all necessary
approvals/licences from the relevant authorities shall have been obtained for
such use of the Demised Premises.

[emphasis in original]

Also of note, cl 18(1) states:

This Agreement sets out the entire understanding between the parties, is in
substitution for all previous agreements between the parties hereto and
contains the whole agreement between the parties relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement.

9 At a meeting between the parties on 6 March 2009, Sheng Siong signed and
returned the executed Tenancy Agreement to Carilla, along with two cheques:
one for $453,210 (_ie_ , a requested 4-month security deposit and money for
legal fees) and another for $22,954 to the “Commissioner of Stamp Duties”.
Carilla acknowledged receipt of the payments.

10 A side dispute arose here regarding the signed copy of the executed Tenancy
Agreement. Sheng Siong insists that they requested for Jeffrey Lau to return a
signed copy to them but that this was not done. However, Michael Leow Chin
Huat (“Michael Leow”) disputes this and asserts that a signed copy was
enclosed in a letter dated 30 June 2009.

11 On 11 April 2009, Carilla submitted three sets of plans to the HDB
proposing that the first and second storeys be used as a supermarket and the
third storey be used as a food court.

12 On 27 April 2009, the HDB responded to Carilla, rejecting the proposed
plans submitted. The day after, on 28 April 2009, Carilla informed Sheng Siong
of the HDB’s rejection and suggested that “Supermarket” be renamed “Retail”
and the “Multi-Purpose Hall” be renamed “Function Hall”.

13 On 29 April 2009, David Teo replied to Ching Ngee Yong (“Ching”), from
Crescendas (_ie_ , Carilla’s architect), that Sheng Siong could not change the
name from “Supermarket” to “Retail”.

14 On 5 May 2009, Carilla sent the executed Tenancy Agreement for stamping. At
some point after this, Carilla asked Sheng Siong to appeal and offered to
compose an appeal letter to the HDB on Sheng Siong’s behalf. This was
anomalous given that it was for the applicant, Carilla, as the leasehold
owner, to appeal to the HDB. Jeffrey Lau handed David Teo the appeal letter
dated 20 May 2009 when the two, along with Gabriel Teo, agreed to meet at a
hawker centre near Sheng Siong’s office. David Teo returned to his office,
rubber-stamped Sheng Siong’s logo on the letter and returned with a list
outlining points of appeal that Sheng Siong wished to be conveyed to the HDB
which he passed to Jeffrey Lau.

15 On 1 June 2009, Leow Chin Hai, from Carilla, forwarded to the HDB the list
that David Teo passed to Jeffrey Lau. Leow Chin Hai then sent a letter to
Sheng Siong informing them that they had forwarded the letter to the HDB,
adding that if approval was not granted Sheng Siong would need to amend its
proposal to suit the HDB’s requirements. A day later, on 2 June 2009, David
Teo responded (in an e-mail to Gabriel Goh) that Sheng Siong was unable to
accept an amendment of proposal to suit the HDB’s requirements.

16 On 9 June 2009, the HDB replied with another rejection that “supermarket
use” was not acceptable, with a suggestion to “reconsider other uses” like
that of a “hotel or hostel”.

17 On 15 June 2009, with the 9 June 2009 reply from the HDB enclosed, Carilla
informed Sheng Siong that they were to “adjust [its] operation at the Premises
so as to be in line with the usage as allowed by HDB”.

18 On 28 June 2009, Lim Hock Chee (“Lim”), Sheng Siong’s managing director and
Michael Leow spoke over the telephone. Lim alleged that Michael Leow assured
him that he would look into the matter of the HDB approval. Pursuant to this
conversation, Lim sent a letter to Michael Leow to follow up, detailing their
conversation. Two days later, on 30 June 2009, Michael Leow sent Sheng Siong a
reply informing that:

(a) Sheng Siong was to liaise with the HDB directly regarding its concern;

(b) refusal to comply with the HDB’s requirement and the executed Tenancy
Agreement would result in Sheng Siong owing Carilla additional “holding cost”;
and

(c) if Sheng Siong failed to respond, Sheng Siong would lose “all monies [paid
to Carilla] relating to the lease of the Premises”.

19 A few months later, on 27 August 2009, Lim sent a letter to Michael Leow
agreeing to a change of name to “Retail”, albeit provided that they would be
able to use the Premises for a supermarket and food court. He also asked
Carilla to appeal to the HDB on Sheng Siong’s behalf.

20 There is no evidence of any communications between the parties in the week
or so between this (_ie_ , 27 August 2009) and when Sheng Siong began legal
proceedings on 4 September 2009. Its claim in these proceedings is for:

(a) the return of the security deposit of $450,000 and the legal fee of $3,210
paid to Carilla for the lease or, alternatively, for damages to be assessed;

(b) reimbursement of the stamp duty of $22,954 paid to the Inland Revenue
Authority of Singapore;

(c) interest on the sum of $453,210 from 27 April 2009 (_ie_ , the date that
the HDB rejected the application for change of use) at such rate and for such
period the court thinks fit;

(d) costs on an indemnity basis; and

(e) further or other relief as may be deemed appropriate by this court.

21 Carilla counterclaims for the following:

(a) a declaration that the executed Tenancy Agreement is repudiated by reason
of Sheng Siong’s breach;

(b) a declaration that the security deposit of $450,000 which Sheng Siong paid
is to be forfeited pursuant to cl 3(4) of the executed Tenancy Agreement;

(c) damages to be assessed;

(d) interest;

(e) costs on an indemnity basis; and

(f) further or other relief as may be deemed fit by this court.

Material issues

22 The main issue is whether Carilla can enforce the executed Tenancy
Agreement against Sheng Siong despite the Premises not being capable of use as
a supermarket. Parties submitted on two sub-issues:

(a) Whether there was an express condition in the executed Tenancy Agreement
that the Premises were to be leased for use as a supermarket.

(b) Whether the court should imply into the executed Tenancy Agreement a term
that the Premises were to be used for a supermarket and food court and that
there would be no lease if the HDB’s approval regarding use of the Premises as
a supermarket, food court or wet market was not secured.

23 These two grounds are, of course, in the alternative. If I find in the
affirmative on either ground, the other will be unnecessary. If there is an
express term to a certain effect there cannot be an implied term to the same
effect. I also pause here to observe that Sheng Siong has, somewhat strangely,
asserted slightly inconsistent scopes in its two respective sub-arguments: its
argument on an express condition (_ie_ , [22(a)] above) is confined to
_supermarket usage_ as the alleged condition; however, its argument on implied
terms (_ie_ , [22(b)] above) pertains to use as “a supermarket, food court or
wet market”. Clearly, the manner in which Sheng Siong presented its arguments
could have been better. Nevertheless, it is for the court to scrutinise the
evidence before it and decide what conclusion the evidence objectively
supports, _ie_ , whether there was any term at all, express or implied, making
the lease conditional on the Premises being permitted to be put to certain
uses and, if so, what the scope of this condition was. I will return to this
point further below at [49].

24 Various other issues less significant and relevant than the above were also
pleaded by the parties and I deal with those briefly at the end.

Interpretation of the executed Tenancy Agreement

The parties’ submissions

25 Sheng Siong argues that there was an express provision that the Premises
were to be leased for use as a supermarket. Sheng Siong bases this on the fact
that the plans in Annex 1 of the executed Tenancy Agreement (“the Plans”)
reflect a supermarket and contain provisions for trolleys, a substation switch
room and travellators consistent with the use of the property as a
supermarket.

26 Carilla accepts that the Plans reflect a supermarket and contain the above
provisions. However, Carilla contends that the Plans were merely instructions
from Sheng Siong that were sent to Surbana International Consultants Pte Ltd,
the architects engaged by Carilla to renovate the property pursuant to the
lease. Carilla therefore argues that the Plans should not be interpreted as
reflecting an express provision that the lease was conditional on the Premises
being capable for use as a supermarket.

27 Further, while Carilla admits that the plan was to use the first and second
storeys as a supermarket, it argues that it had always represented that it
“wanted to rent out the Premises in entirety”, and had Sheng Siong insisted on
a condition that allowed the latter to terminate in the event that a specific
use was not approved, Carilla would not have agreed.

A preliminary issue

28 The question of interpretation before me is therefore whether the Plans
represented an express provision that the lease of the property was to be
conditional on it being permitted to be used as a supermarket. Before I begin
an analysis of this question, however, I first address a preliminary issue
regarding the admissibility of evidence. Carilla argues that Sheng Siong is
precluded from relying on evidence extrinsic to the executed Tenancy Agreement
to prove the terms agreed upon between the parties (implicitly, the famous
common law “parol evidence rule”). Carilla cites, in support, s 93 and/or s 94
of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) and cl 18(1) of the executed Tenancy
Agreement (“the entire agreement clause”).

29 I should point out at the outset (though this should be obvious) that,
contrary to Carilla’s submission, the Plans annexed to the executed Tenancy
Agreement are not extrinsic evidence but part of the executed Tenancy
Agreement.

The applicable law

30 Contrary to Carilla’s submissions, I find that ss 93 and 94 are not
absolute bars to the adducing of extrinsic evidence.

31 As the Court of Appeal held in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“
_Zurich_ ”), extrinsic evidence is _always_ admissible to aid contractual
interpretation by demonstrating the context of the contract, as long as the
evidence is merely to “illuminate the contractual language” and not as a
pretext to contradict, vary, add to or subtract from the terms of the contract
(_Zurich_ at [113], [122]–[123]). It is _not_ a pre-requisite that the
contract must contain a latent ambiguity (_Zurich_ at [114] and [132(c)]).
Crucially, however, the evidence sought to be admitted must be:

(a) relevant (_ie_ , it would affect the way in which the language of the
document would have been understood by a reasonable man);

(b) reasonably available to all contracting parties; and

(c) relating to a clear or obvious context (per V K Rajah JA at [125] and
[132]).

32 This is consistent with the “contextual approach” which the Court of Appeal
in _Zurich_ affirmed as the correct approach under Singapore law even within
the framework of the Evidence Act (_Zurich_ at [124]). This approach is also
known as the “commonsensical approach” or the “purposive approach”. Arguably,
the most oft-cited formulation of this approach is Lord Hoffmann’s in
_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 (“ _Investors Compensation Scheme_ ”) at 912–913:

... The result has been, subject to one important exception, to assimilate the
way in which such documents are interpreted by judges to the common sense
principles by which any serious utterance would be interpreted in ordinary
life. Almost all the old intellectual baggage of ‘legal’ interpretation has
been discarded. The principles may be summarised as follows:

(1) _Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract_.

(2) The background was famously referred to by Lord Wilberforce as the ‘matrix
of fact,’ but this phrase is, if anything, an understated description of what
the background may include. Subject to the requirement that it should have
been reasonably available to the parties and to the exception to be mentioned
next, it includes absolutely anything which would have affected the way in
which the language of the document would have been understood by a reasonable
man.

(3) The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. The law makes this distinction
for reasons of practical policy and, in this respect only, legal
interpretation differs from the way we would interpret utterances in ordinary
life. The boundaries of this exception are in some respects unclear. But this
is not the occasion on which to explore them.

(4) The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax:
see _Mannai Investments Co. Ltd. v Eagle Star Life Assurance Co. Ltd_.[1997]
A.C. 749.

(5) The ‘rule’ that words should be given their ‘natural and ordinary meaning’
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had
...

[emphasis added]

33 The Court of Appeal in _Zurich_ engaged in a comprehensive analysis of this
area of the law summarised at [110]–[115] and [125]–[131] of _Zurich_) and
concluded that “the contextual approach is here to stay in Singapore” (at
[133]).

34 However, the Court of Appeal made some qualifications to Lord Hoffmann’s
formulation as excerpted above. In particular, it removed the near-absolute
bar against evidence of previous negotiations and declarations of subjective
intent (_viz_ , Lord Hoffmann’s third proposition above at [32]). Instead,
such evidence is merely “likely to be inadmissible” for it does not aid in
determining the intention of the parties as _objectively_ ascertained, which
is the cornerstone of contractual interpretation (_Zurich_ at [125]–[127]).

35 The fact that the executed Tenancy Agreement contains an entire agreement
clause does not affect this analysis. Rather, the admissibility of extrinsic
evidence is only an issue _because_ the executed Tenancy Agreement is an
entire agreement. By definition, the parol evidence rule embodied in s 94 of
the Evidence Act applies only to entire agreements. In the words of the Court
of Appeal in _Zurich_ at [112]–[113]:

112 ... the parol evidence rule only operates where the contract was intended
by the parties to contain all the terms of their agreement. ...

113 Assuming that the contract is one to which the parol evidence rule
applies, no extrinsic evidence is admissible to contradict, vary, add to or
subtract from its terms (see s 94 of the Evidence Act).

36 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor Peow Victor_
[2007] 3 SLR(R) 537 (“ _Lee Chee Wei_ ”) held at [41] that entire agreement
clauses will usually not prevent a court from adopting a contextual approach
in contractual interpretation. The Court of Appeal held that the effect of
such a clause is to render inadmissible extrinsic evidence which reveals terms
_inconsistent_ with those in the written contract – this is consistent with
the holding in _Zurich_ that extrinsic evidence is admissible as long as it is
for the purposes of “illuminat[ing] the contractual language” and not as a
pretext to contradict, vary, add to or subtract from the terms of the contract
(see above at [31]. Accordingly, cl 18 of the executed Tenancy Agreement does
not preclude Sheng Siong from adducing extrinsic evidence to aid the
interpretation of the contract in line with the principles in _Zurich_.

37 The above authorities establish that, in the admission of extrinsic
evidence, the ultimate lynchpin is _what this court seeks to do_ with the
extrinsic evidence on which Sheng Siong relies. Relying on such evidence to
interpret the contract in its proper context is permissible; relying on the
same to “contradict or vary or add to or subtract from” the contract is
impermissible. Is seeking to establish whether the Plans represent an express
provision that the lease was conditional upon the property being permitted to
be used as a supermarket an exercise in contradicting or varying, _etc_ , the
executed Tenancy Agreement?

38 A comparison of the case of _Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte
Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 (“ _Sandar Aung_ ”) with the cases of _Zurich_ and
_Lee Chee Wei_ is illuminating as to what constitutes “contradicting or
varying or adding to or subtracting from” and what does not. In _Sandar Aung_
, the appellant’s mother was admitted to the respondent hospital to undergo an
angioplasty. At the time of her mother’s admission, the appellant had signed
two hospital documents: an estimate of hospital charges (“the Estimate”) and a
standard form contract stating the hospital’s conditions of services and
hospital policies (“the contract”). The Estimate for the patient’s angioplasty
computed the total estimated hospital charges to be $15,227.30 but
unanticipated complications in the patient’s recovery after the surgery
resulted in a medical bill that was far greater than that presented in the
Estimate. The undertaking in the Contract was, on its face, extremely clear:
the appellant as guarantor agreed to be jointly and severally liable with her
mother for “all charges, expenses and liabilities incurred by and on behalf of
the patient”. Despite this apparently clear language, the Court of Appeal held
that the threshold question was _what_ type of charges, expenses and
liabilities the parties intended to be covered under the contract. It would
then follow that the appellant would be liable for all the charges that fell
within the ambit and scope of the contract (_Sandar Aung_ at [19]). On the
basis of extrinsic evidence, particularly the Estimate, the Court of Appeal
determined this ambit and scope to pertain _only to the envisaged angioplasty_
and not all other charges, expenses and liabilities. The Court of Appeal in
_Zurich_ cited with approval _Sandar Aung_ ’s “reading down” what would _prima
facie_ seem to be a much broader term. The Court of Appeal in _Zurich_
rejected the proposition that this amounted to a “variation” of the relevant
contractual terms in violation of s 94 of the Evidence Act: this was because
the court’s interpretation of the material words in _Sandar Aung_ fell “well
_within the scope of the meaning that those words could bear_ ” (_Zurich_ at
[108] and [122]–[123]. Therefore, whether the reliance on extrinsic evidence
amounts only to contractual construction of a contract or strays beyond that
to impermissible contradiction or variation, _etc_ , turns on whether the
construction _falls within the scope of meaning that the contractual words are
capable of bearing_. By contrast, in _Zurich_ , the Court of Appeal considered
the High Court to have erred in relying on extrinsic evidence because the High
Court had read an entire provision out of the contract being construed
(_Zurich_ at [134]). In _Lee Chee Wei_ , the defendants attempted to rely on
extrinsic evidence to argue that the listing of a company was a contingent
condition in an agreement for the purchase of that company’s shares, and
therefore that the failure to list the company frustrated the purpose of the
contract. The Court of Appeal rejected this because it was completely at odds
with an express clause in the agreement spelling out the parties’ positions in
the event that listing did not take place (_Lee Chee Wei_ at [14]–[17]).

39 Our case here clearly falls within a scope of construction analogous to
_Sandar Aung_ rather than to _Zurich_ and _Lee Chee Wei_. An interpretation of
the Plans as representing that the lease was to be conditional on the property
being permitted to be used as a supermarket is far from reading words out of
the contract as in _Zurich_. Neither would it be completely at odds with any
express provision in the executed Tenancy Agreement, as in _Lee Chee Wei_.
Such an interpretation clearly _falls within the scope of meaning that the
Plans are capable of bearing_. Of course, our case is somewhat unusual in the
sense that the exercise of construction revolves around diagrams contained in
the contract rather than the words of any particular clause. However, there is
no reason why the same principles of contractual interpretation should not
apply with equal force. Parties clearly included the Plans _within_ the
executed Tenancy Agreement for a reason. It therefore behoves this court to
examine what those Plans evince of the parties’ intention, _objectively_
speaking.

40 As convenient shorthand, I find the following non-exhaustive list of
general principles excerpted from Gerard McMeel, _The Construction of
Contracts: Interpretation, Implication, and Rectification_ (Oxford University
Press, 2007 Ed) at paras 1.124 to 1.133 (and endorsed by the Court of Appeal
in _Zurich_ at [131]) particularly helpful in outlining the contextual
approach in contractual interpretation:

|  _The aim of construction_  
---|---  
1.124 |  First, the aim of the exercise of construction of a contract or other document is to ascertain the meaning which it would convey to a reasonable business person.  
|  _The objective principle_  
1.125 |  Secondly, the _objective principle_ is therefore critical in defining the approach the courts will take. They are concerned usually with the expressed intentions of a person, not his or her actual intentions. The standpoint adopted is that of a reasonable reader.  
|  _The holistic or ‘whole contract’ approach_  
1.126 |  Thirdly, the exercise is one based on the _whole contract_ or an _holistic approach_. Court are not excessively focused upon a particular word, phrase, sentence, or clause. Rather the emphasis is on the document or utterance as a whole.  
|  _The contextual dimension_  
1.127 |  Fourthly, the exercise in construction is informed by the _surrounding circumstances_ or _external_ context. Modern judges are prepared to look beyond the four corners of a document, or the bare words of an utterance. It is permissible to have regard to the _legal, regulatory, and factual matrix_ which constitutes the background in which the document was drafted or the utterance was made.  
|  _Business purpose_  
1.128 |  Fifthly, within this framework due consideration is given to the _commercial purpose_ of the transaction or provision. The courts have regard to the overall purpose of the parties with respect to a particular transaction, or more narrowly the reason why a particular obligation was undertaken.  
|  _Lawful effect_  
1.129 |  Sixthly, a construction which entails that the contract and its performance are lawful and effective is to be preferred.  
|  _Contra proferentem_  
1.130 |  Seventhly, where a particular species of transaction, contract, or provision is one-sided or onerous it will be construed strictly against the party seeking to rely on it.  
|  _Avoiding unreasonable results_  
1.131 |  Eightly, a construction which leads to very unreasonable results is to be avoided unless it is required by clear words and there is no other tenable construction.  
|  _Specially negotiated terms_  
1.132 |  Ninthly, a specially agreed provision should override an inconsistent standard provision which has not been individually negotiated.  
|  _General provisions versus precise provisions_  
1.133 |  Tenthly, a more precise or detailed provision should override an inconsistent general or widely expressed provision.  
[emphasis in original]  
  
  

41 With these principles in mind, we can now embark on the analysis of the
contextual evidence. Of course, each piece of evidence sought to be admitted
must also cross the thresholds of (i) relevance; (ii) reasonable availability
to all contracting parties; and (iii) relation to a clear or obvious context
(see [31] above), and this will be analysed with reference to each specific
piece of evidence below.

Contextual interpretation of the Plans

42 I find there to be strong evidence that the Plans objectively represented
the parties’ intention that the lease was conditional on the use of the
property as a supermarket. They were not merely “instructions” to the relevant
architects without any contractual effect. Four pieces of evidence in
particular are relevant and I analyse them below.

(1) The 12 January 2009 e-mail from David Teo to Gabriel Goh and Carilla’s
response

43 In this e-mail which Gabriel Goh forwarded to both Lawrence Leow and
Jeffrey Lau, as excerpted above at [5], David Teo specified that:

... our co. business is operating supermarket, Air-conditioning wet market and
Food Court ... In the event, if either one of these business is being rejected
or disapproved by authorities, we were [_sic_] not consider to rent the said
premises.

44 I find that the _Zurich_ requirements (above at [31]) are fulfilled with
respect to this piece of evidence. The relevance of this e-mail (_viz_ , what
the Premises were to be used for) is self-evident; it was definitely – and not
merely reasonably – available to both parties; and, finally, it relates to a
clear context. The potential problem with its admissibility, however, is that
it may be said to merely constitute a declaration of Sheng Siong’s subjective
intent and therefore _prima facie_ inadmissible (see above at [34]). However,
according to the Court of Appeal in _Zurich_ , the reason why declarations of
subjective intent have been said to be normally inadmissible under English law
is that “the extrinsic material sought to be admitted must always go towards
proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately agreed
upon” (_Zurich_ at [127]). The Court of Appeal then held that evidence of
subjective intent is only _prima facie_ inadmissible because it is likely to
violate this objective principle, but is not absolutely inadmissible as per
Lord Hoffmann’s formulation (_Zurich_ at [127] and [132]). It follows,
therefore, that if it can be shown that what appears to be merely evidence of
subjective intent actually goes towards proof of what the parties
_objectively_ intended, such evidence is admissible.

45 In my view, this e-mail from David Teo to Gabriel Goh is significant not
only for what it reveals of Sheng Siong’s intentions, but also for _Carilla’s
response to it_ – these two together go towards an objective ascertainment of
what the parties intended. Lawrence Leow gave evidence before me that, upon
receipt of this e-mail, he objected to Sheng Siong’s condition of specific
usage and that he had asked his brother Michael Leow to inform Jeffrey Lau to
convey his objection to Gabriel Goh who was to finally convey the message to
Sheng Siong. The accuracy of this aspect of Carilla’s evidence merits some
discussion.

46 I have difficulty understanding why Lawrence Leow chose such a convoluted
method to respond to David Teo’s e-mail, particularly since by Lawrence Leow’s
own admission (and also that of his father, Leow Chin Hai’s), Carilla
maintains a policy of formal communication via electronic means with its
clients. From a commonsense perspective, it seems infinitely more sensible and
convenient for one to respond to an e-mail by hitting the “reply” button
instead of having one’s message verbally conveyed through no less than three
intermediaries. Further, from a commercial perspective, when one party insists
on a condition to which the other party objects, there would in all likelihood
be at least some discussion regarding this business disagreement. Curiously,
there is no evidence at all of any such further communication. Furthermore, if
Carilla had made its intention clear to Sheng Siong and Carilla was so
strongly opposed, I would have expected the tenancy agreement to have been
strengthened in Carilla’s favour with the inclusion of some term or clause
that the lease was _not_ contingent on permission being obtained for some
specific usage. I therefore conclude that if Lawrence Leow had (as he
insisted) instructed his brother, a failure in communication must undoubtedly
have occurred at some point, resulting in Sheng Siong not being notified.

47 Furthermore and extraordinarily, despite being the alleged messenger of
Lawrence Leow’s objection, Jeffrey Lau conceded (a total of nine times) that
there was an understanding between the parties that if the Premises could not
be used to operate a supermarket, food court or wet market, there would be no
deal.

48 Accordingly, I find it difficult to believe that Carilla did in fact notify
Sheng Siong of its objection to the intention evinced (_viz_ , that the lease
be conditional on the Premises being permitted to be used as a supermarket,
food court or wet market) in David Teo’s e-mail. Therefore, I find that this
e-mail, together with Carilla’s response to it, constitutes proof from an
objective point of view, that the parties intended the lease to be conditional
on the property being permitted to be used for certain purposes. I pause here
to make an important clarification on the scope of this finding of fact.

49 David Teo’s e-mail seems to be pitched at a higher threshold, _ie_ , that
Sheng Shiong will not rent the premises if _any_ of the three businesses of
“supermarket, Air-conditioning wet market [or] Food Court” are denied approval
by the HDB. However, in interpreting the executed Tenancy Agreement, this
e-mail cannot be viewed in isolation but must be viewed together with the rest
of the contextual evidence. I do not think the totality of the evidence is
quite wide enough to support such a high threshold – this is also important in
light of my observation at [23] above. All the other objective evidence, as
will be seen below, pertains only to the condition that the Premises be
permitted to be used as a supermarket. In any event, this case only requires
me to decide whether there was _at least_ a condition that the Premises must
be allowed to be used (at least in part) as a supermarket – it is irrelevant
what the legal consequences would be had the HDB granted approval for
supermarket use but not for either of the other two uses specified in the
e-mail. Therefore, I confine my finding of fact to the extent that Sheng Siong
and Carilla intended the lease to be conditional on at least part of the
premises being permitted to be used as a supermarket.

(2) MTS of 14 January 2009

50 At first glance, this appears to constitute evidence of prior negotiations
of the parties and is therefore _prima facie_ inadmissible (see above at
[34]). Looking deeper, however, the MTS is actually the product of prior
negotiations that the parties intended to directly incorporate into the
contract. This is akin to a statement of intent, more than merely evidence of
prior negotiations but less than a contract in itself and so, in a sense,
“inchoate”. The MTS thus captures the intentions of the parties as they stood
_post_ -negotiation. Consequently, the rationale for _prima facie_
inadmissibility of evidence of prior negotiations (_ie_ , it contributes to
contractual uncertainty and does not go directly to the matter of ascertaining
the objective intentions of the contracting parties, see above at [34], does
not apply here. The MTS, in evincing the actual intention of the parties,
_post_ -negotiation, goes directly to the matter of ascertaining the objective
intentions of the parties.

51 I also find that the _Zurich_ requirements are fulfilled to justify
admitting this piece of extrinsic evidence. The MTS is clearly relevant to the
issue of the parties’ objective intentions with regard to use of the Premises;
there is no question that it was available to both parties; and, finally, as
the final product of the parties’ negotiations, it relates to a clear and
obvious context.

52 Although the MTS does not include an express condition as to the use of the
property, cl 10 (translated into English from the original Chinese) alludes to
this where it reads: “Tenant usage comprises supermarket, wet market, thematic
F&B, offices and others.” From this, I conclude that objectively ascertained
both parties intended that the Premises were to be leased for use as a
supermarket.

53 In an attempt to explain why this clause referring to the use of the
property was included in the MTS but not the executed Tenancy Agreement,
Lawrence Leow stated that this was to “tell the tenant that when you are
talking about any use, there’s this percentage you must comply”. I do not find
this reply satisfactory – the question still remains as to why this change was
not communicated to Sheng Siong.

54 Pausing for a moment, in light of what I have concluded with regard to
David Teo’s e-mail and the MTS, I would like to state that I do find it
improper for Carilla to have made unilateral amendments to the tenancy
agreement in the manner that it did, unilaterally incorporating terms (other
than boilerplate clauses) without drawing Sheng Siong’s attention to them,
and, even more egregiously excluding terms to which the evidence shows the
parties had agreed. To be fair, Sheng Siong also failed to take due care to
vet the executed Tenancy Agreement.

(3) Jeffrey Lau assuring Sheng Siong that 40% of the floor area could be used
as “Retail” and that supermarket use qualified as “Retail”

55 This piece of extrinsic evidence is slightly more complex because it both
constitutes evidence of subsequent conduct and evidences Carilla’s subjective
intent. As mentioned above, the Court of Appeal in _Zurich_ (see above at
[31]) clarified that there is no absolute bar against adducing evidence of
subsequent conduct or evidence of prior negotiations (_Zurich_ at [132]).
However, in relation to subsequent conduct, the Court of Appeal added
parenthetically that “the relevance of subsequent conduct remains a
controversial and evolving topic that will require more extensive scrutiny by
this court at a more appropriate juncture” (_Zurich_ at [132]). In light of
this, since the above assurance constitutes both evidence of subsequent
conduct and subjective intention, I find that it would tilt the balance
towards uncertainty and thus does not constitute helpful evidence that goes
towards proof of what the parties, from an objective viewpoint, ultimately
agreed upon.

(4) The A&A works being consistent with the use of Premises as a supermarket

56 Viewed in isolation, this does not indicate any intention on the parties’
part that the Premises were to be leased for use as a supermarket. However,
when viewed in tandem with reference to the Plans, I find that the only
legitimate conclusion one can draw is that the parties intended that the
Premises were to be used, at least in part, for Sheng Siong’s main business of
operating supermarket, food court or wet market facilities.

Does anything in the executed Tenancy Agreement contradict the contextual
evidence?

57 Cumulatively, the contextual evidence above strongly shows that the Plans
represent an express provision that the lease was conditional on the Premises
being permitted to be used as a supermarket. It remains for me to address,
however, the potential problem that a certain feature of the executed Tenancy
Agreement militates against such a finding. The potential problem is that
where the Plans are referred to in the First Schedule, under the definition of
“the Demised Premises”, they are stated to be “for the purpose of
identification only” (“the Qualification”).

58 On its face, the Qualification appears clear in its intent that the Plans
are merely for the purpose of identifying the property and cannot be
interpreted for any other purpose. However, the court is not precluded, albeit
in the narrowest of circumstances, from finding that the language employed in
a contract cannot have been what the parties intended, in light of the context
of the contract. In the words of Lord Hoffmann in _Investors Compensation
Scheme_ (see above at [32]) at 913:

(4) The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. _The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax:
see Mannai Investments Co. Ltd. v. Eagle Star Life Assurance Co. Ltd_.[1997]
A.C. 749.

(5) The ‘rule’ that words should be given their ‘natural and ordinary meaning’
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes, particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, _if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had_
...

[emphasis added]

59 The same was held in _Sandar Aung_ (see above at [38]) at [29] (endorsed in
_Zurich_ at [128]):

... We would go so far as to state that _even if the plain language of the
contract appears otherwise clear, the construction consequently placed on such
language should not be inconsistent with the context in which the contract was
entered into if this context is clear or even obvious_ , since the context and
circumstances in which the contract was made would reflect the intention of
the parties when they entered into the contract and utilised the (contractual)
language they did. _It might well be the case that if a particular
construction placed on the language in a given contract is inconsistent with
what is the obvious context in which the contract was made, then_ __that__
_construction might_ __not__ _be as clear as was initially thought and might,
on the contrary, be evidence of an ambiguity_.

[emphasis in original underlined; emphasis added in italics]

60 These principles are echoed in the observations of Lord Hoffmann in
_Chartbrook Ltd v Persimmon Homes Ltd_ [2009] 1 AC 1101 (“ _Chartbrook_ ”) at
[14] to [25], where the House of Lords found that “to interpret [the
contractual definition at issue] in accordance with ordinary rules of syntax
makes no commercial sense” (_Chartbrook_ at [16]) and therefore held that the
parties had made the sort of linguistic error referred to in _Investors
Compensation Scheme_ (extracted at [58] above). The ultimate task of a court
in contractual interpretation is to ascertain the objective intentions of the
parties. If the weight of the contextual evidence is such that the language
used in the contract simply cannot objectively be said to represent the
intentions of the parties, the court must at the end of the day give effect of
the intentions of the parties. Of course, I stress that _it will not be easily
found_ that the plain language used in a contract is not consistent with the
parties’ intentions. The threshold for such a finding must be high. However, I
find that this case is one in which the high threshold is met, for the reasons
below.

61 In the first place, even on the face of the executed Tenancy Agreement, the
Qualification that the Plans are for the purpose of identifying the demised
premises is, frankly, bizarre. I cannot imagine why the Plans would be
necessary to identify the demised premises when the definition in the First
Schedule already provides the address of the demised premises. More
importantly, _the Plans do not even represent to the demised premises as they
stood then_. The Plans are clearly entitled “ _Proposed_ Additions and
Alterations to Convert Existing Cinema to 3-Storey Commercial Retail and
Entertainment Centre” [emphasis added]. The Plans did not reflect what the
demised premises looked like then, but rather what they were envisioned to
look like after the requisite A&A works had been done to convert them into
premises capable of being to be used as a supermarket. In this light, I fail
to see how the Plans could possibly be for the purpose of identifying the
demised premises under the executed Tenancy Agreement.

62 Second, when we place the Qualification against strong contextual evidence
(above at [42]–[56]) that the parties intended for the Premises to be used as
a supermarket, it would be inconsistent with this contextual evidence to
construe the Qualification as precluding a finding that the Plans represented
the parties’ intentions as to the use of the property once leased. In these
circumstances, I find that the principles enunciated in _Investors
Compensation Scheme_ and _Sandar Aung_ apply here in full force.

Decision

63 Despite the able submissions of Carilla’s counsel, having regard to the
factual context in which the executed Tenancy Agreement was concluded between
the parties, I find that the parties’ intention, objectively ascertained, was
for the Premises to be leased for use as a supermarket, an intention captured
in the executed Tenancy Agreement in the form of the Plans.

64 Indeed, bearing in mind the commercial nature and purpose of the
transaction, I find it hard to believe that Sheng Siong wished to rent the
Premises no matter what uses the Premises could be put to. There is no
evidence that there is anything special about the Premises that could cause
Sheng Siong unconditionally to accept a lease of them regardless of the
commercial uses to which they could be put.

65 In light of this conclusion, it is not necessary for me to consider the
parties’ arguments as to whether a term should be implied into the executed
Tenancy Agreement with respect to the use of the Premises. Indeed, as I have
alluded to at [23] above, once it has been found that a contract makes
_express_ provision to a certain effect, it is not logical that a term to the
same effect should be _implied_.

66 As a side note, I observe that had Sheng Siong brought an action for
rectification of the executed Tenancy Agreement, I would have been inclined to
allow such an action in the alternative. Needless to say, had such an action
been brought, the admissibility of evidence extrinsic to the executed Tenancy
Agreement would not be an issue. Rectification may be allowed on the basis of
a common mistake or a unilateral mistake (see Beatson, Burrows & Cartwright,
_Anson’s Law of Contract_ (Oxford University Press, 29th Ed, 2010) (“ _Anson_
”) at pp 262–265). The requirements for allowing rectifications on the ground
of unilateral mistake, which requires a higher threshold than that for common
mistake, are succinctly set out in _Anson_ at pp 262–265). Three conditions
must be satisfied.

67 First, the non-mistaken party must have actual knowledge of the mistaken
party’s intentions and of the mistake, and this includes wilfully shutting
one’s eyes to the obvious. Second, the non-mistaken party must have failed to
draw the mistaken party’s attention to the mistake. Third, the mistake must be
such that the non-mistaken party would derive a benefit, or the mistaken party
would suffer a detriment, if the inaccuracy in the document were to remain
uncorrected. It is not necessary that the conduct of the non-mistaken party
amounts to fraud. All that is necessary is that the knowledge or conduct of
the non-mistaken party must be such as to make it inequitable for that party
to object to rectification. I am inclined to the view that there is ample
evidence that all three conditions were satisfied.

68 It is clear from the evidence set out at [43]–[54] and [56] above,
especially David Teo’s e-mail of 12 January 2009 and Carilla’s reaction to it
as well as the MTS of 14 January 2009, that Sheng Siong intended for the lease
to be conditional on the Premises being used as a supermarket and that Carilla
was well aware of this. The MTS of 14 January 2009 specifically required that
its terms be incorporated into the executed Tenancy Agreement. Despite knowing
this, Carilla failed to spell out this condition unambiguously in the executed
Tenancy Agreement which it unilaterally drew up (see also [54] above).

69 There is no evidence that Carilla drew Sheng Siong’s attention to the fact
that such a fundamental point of understanding between the parties was not
expressly spelled out in the executed Tenancy Agreement. If Carilla thought it
could thereby omit from the executed Tenancy Agreement the condition that had
been agreed between the parties, it certainly did so in the hope that the risk
would fall on Sheng Siong rather than itself should the HDB withhold approval
to use the Premises as a supermarket; this would have constituted a benefit to
Carilla and a detriment to Sheng Siong. In the circumstances, I am inclined to
the view that Carilla’s knowledge and conduct was such as to make it
inequitable for it to object to rectification had Sheng Siong sought such a
remedy.

70 There is no evidence of any circumstances that would bar the remedy of
rectification in this case, _eg_ , that the mistaken party waived its claim to
the remedy; that the equitable doctrine of _laches_ applies; or that it would
prejudice the rights of an innocent third party (_Anson_ at p 265).

71 Of course, I do not make any conclusive findings on the remedy of
rectification given the absence of pleadings and submissions before me. In any
case, the mistake was only that the condition of supermarket use was not
_expressly spelled out_ , and not that the executed Tenancy Agreement
_actually excluded_ (on a proper construction) such a condition. Given that I
have held that the parties’ intentions can be given effect through a proper
contextual construction of the contract, there is – happily – no need to rely
on the remedy of rectification.

Effect of Premises not being permitted to be used as a supermarket

72 Having established that the parties objectively intended that the executed
Tenancy Agreement be conditional on the Premises being permitted to be used as
a supermarket, I go on to consider the legal effect of this condition not
being met. Sheng Siong argues that the failure to secure HDB’s approval to use
the Premises at least in part as a supermarket has rendered the contract
frustrated.

Whether the executed Tenancy Agreement has been frustrated

73 The law relating to frustration is trite. To quote Lord Radcliffe in the
House of Lords’ decision of _Davis Contractors Ltd v Fareham Urban District
Council_ [1956] AC 696 (“ _Davis Contractors_ ”) at 729:

... frustration occurs whenever the law recognizes that without default of
either party a contractual obligation has become incapable of being performed
because the circumstances in which performance is called for would render it a
thing radically different from that which was undertaken by the contract. ...

The above formulation was approved by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _RDC
Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 at [59].

74 There has been some debate as to whether the doctrine of frustration is
applicable to leases. Following _National Carriers Ltd v Panalpina (Northern
Ltd_ [1981] AC 675, it is clear that in principle a lease can be frustrated
although most of their Lordships opined that these would be rare cases (at 629
and 709). Nevertheless, the authors of _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet &
Maxwell, 30th Ed) (“ _Chitty_ ”) note at para 23–054 that the House of Lords
appears to have qualified this reluctance to find frustration and carve out an
exception for leases which contain provisions on specified use or provisions
which restrict use:

The following passage in Corbin, _Contracts_ was cited with approval in the
House of Lords in _National Carriers Ltd v Panalpina (Northern) Ltd_ :

‘If there was one principal use contemplated by the lessee, known to the
lessor, and one that played a large part in fixing rental value, a
governmental prohibition or prevention of that use has been held to discharge
the lessee from his duty to pay the rent. It is otherwise if other substantial
uses, permitted by the lease and in the contemplation of the parties, remain
possible to the lessee.’

75 Similarly, although there have been no reported cases in England or
Singapore where a lease has been held to be frustrated, the American courts
have found leases which included clauses on intended use or clauses
restricting the use of the demised premises have to be frustrated following
the enactment of provisions prohibiting the specified use (_Doherty v Monroe
Eckstein Brewing Co_ (1921) 191 NYS 59; _Industrial Development and Land Co v
Goldschmidt_ 206 P 134 (1922) as cited in _Chitty_ at para 23–054).

76 As concluded above, the Plans are to be interpreted to mean that the
executed Tenancy Agreement was conditional on the Premises being permitted to
be used, at least in part, as a supermarket. Pursuant to this interpretation,
I find that the executed Tenancy Agreement has been frustrated following the
HDB’s rejection of the proposed plans to use the Premises as a supermarket.

77 The situation in this case is even stronger than the hypothetical described
by Corbin (excerpted in the quote from _Chitty_ at [74] above, approved by the
House of Lords in _National Carriers_. The situation here is not merely that
use as a supermarket was a principal use contemplated by the lessee (and known
to the lessor) and played a large part in fixing the rental value. Rather, the
basis for Sheng Siong entering into the lease _at all_ was on the _condition_
that at least part of the Premises could be used as a supermarket – and
Carilla admitted having knowledge of this. The fact that parties contemplated
putting the Premises to other uses side by side with the supermarket, such as
“wet market” and “thematic F&B” (see above at [7]) do not detract from this
condition. In this light, the executed Tenancy Agreement is clearly frustrated
by the failure of this condition.

Effect of frustration

78 The legal consequence of frustration is provided for in s 2 of the
Frustrated Contracts Act (Cap 115, 1985 Rev Ed), reproduced below:

2.? (1) Where a contract has become impossible of performance or been
otherwise frustrated, and the parties thereto have for that reason been
discharged from the further performance of the contract, this section shall,
subject to section 3, have effect in relation thereto.

(2) _All sums paid or payable to any party in pursuance of the contract before
the time when the parties were so discharged_ (referred to in this Act as the
time of discharge) _shall, in the case of sums so paid, be recoverable from
him as money received by him for the use of the party by whom the sums were
paid, and, in the case of sums so payable, cease to be so payable_ :

Provided that, if the party to whom the sums were so paid or payable incurred
expenses before the time of discharge in, or for the purpose of, the
performance of the contract, the court may, if it considers it just to do so
having regard to all the circumstances of the case, allow him to retain or, as
the case may be, recover the whole or any part of the sums so paid or payable,
not being an amount in excess of the expenses so incurred.

(3) Where any party to the contract has, by reason of anything done by any
other party thereto in, or for the purpose of, the performance of the
contract, obtained a valuable benefit (other than a payment of money to which
subsection (2) applies) before the time of discharge, there shall be
recoverable from him by that other party such sum (if any), not exceeding the
value of that benefit to the party obtaining it, as the court considers just,
having regard to all the circumstances of the case and, in particular ?

(a) the amount of any expenses incurred before the time of discharge by the
benefited party in, or for the purpose of, the performance of the contract,
including any sums paid or payable by him to any other party in pursuance of
the contract and retained or recoverable by that party under subsection (2);
and

(b) the effect, in relation to the benefit, of the circumstances giving rise
to the frustration of the contract.

(4) In estimating, for the purposes of this action, the amount of any expenses
incurred by any party to the contract, the court may, without prejudice to the
generality of this section, include such sum as appears to be reasonable in
respect of overhead expenses and in respect of any work or services performed
personally by that party.

(5) In considering whether any sum ought to be recovered or retained under
this section by any party to the contract the court shall not take into
account any sums which have, by reason of the circumstances giving rise to the
frustration of the contract, become payable to that party under any contract
of insurance unless there was an obligation to insure imposed by an express
term of the frustrated contract or by or under any enactment.

(6) Where any person has assumed obligations under the contract in
consideration of the conferring of a benefit by any other party to the
contract upon any other person, whether a party to the contract or not, the
court may, if in all the circumstances of the case it considers it just to do
so, treat for the purposes of subsection (3) any benefit so conferred as a
benefit obtained by the person who has assumed the obligations as aforesaid.

[emphasis added]

79 Pursuant to s 2(1), I conclude that the executed Tenancy Agreement became
impossible of performance or was frustrated the moment the reply from the HDB
was received (_ie_ , 9 June 2009) and the parties thereto from that date have
been discharged from further performance of the contract. Pursuant to s 2(2),
I conclude two things:

(a) The remaining sums payable under the executed Tenancy Agreement cease to
be payable by Sheng Siong.

(b) Sheng Siong is entitled to recover the sums paid to Carilla pursuant to
the executed Tenancy Agreement (_ie_ , the security deposit in the sum of
$450,000 and the legal fee of $3,210.

80 However, pursuant to s 2(3), whatever were the expenses incurred by Carilla
in relation to the A&A works and preparation of the proposal submitted to the
HDB (_eg_ , in developing the plans submitted to the HDB, engaging the firm of
architects, _etc_) should be subtracted from this sum.

Miscellaneous issues

81 Counsel for Sheng Siong was rather over-zealous in his pleadings and
submissions and raised the following additional issues most of which, to say
the least, were without merit:

(a) That the executed Tenancy Agreement was not valid because of unilateral
amendments made by Sheng Siong, a total failure of consideration of s 50 of
the HDA;

(b) That the executed Tenancy Agreement ought to be set aside based on the
plea of _non est factum_ , common mistake or unconscionability on Carilla’s
part;

(c) That there was a collateral agreement that the lease was conditional on
the Premises being capable of use as a supermarket and food court;

(d) That there was a collateral warranty on Carilla’s part that, first, the
Premises could be used to operate Sheng Siong’s main supermarket and food
court businesses and, second, that the HDB’s categorisation of “Retail”
included supermarket;

(e) That Carilla contravened ss 33 and 34 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed).

82 With regard to validity of the contract, the terms of the executed Tenancy
Agreement had been duly incorporated by signature and there was plainly no
total failure of consideration: Sheng Siong benefited from Carilla’s promise
to lease the Premises and Carilla suffered a detriment in being deprived of
negotiation with other potential tenants. Also s 50 of the HDA is not a bar to
enforceability despite approval for the change of lease not having been
obtained.

83 Similarly, it is almost self-evident that the executed Tenancy Agreement
cannot be set aside on the grounds of _non est factum_ , common mistake or
unconscionability. Sheng Siong, in failing to read the document properly, was
not eligible to invoke _non est factum_ (following _United Dominions Trust Ltd
v Western B S Romanay_ [1976] QB 513). As to the contention that parties
proceeded under the common assumption that the HDB would approve the usage of
the Premises as a supermarket, I fail to see how the two parties would take
for granted that the HDB would decide one way rather than another. Indeed,
Sheng Siong adduced no evidence as to what basis the parties could have had
for presuming so. Finally, I found the unconscionability allegation both
speculative and lacking in evidential support.

84 With regard to the existence of either a collateral agreement or warranty,
I find that Sheng Siong neglected to plead with sufficient particularity the
contractual effect of the various statements, assurances and events which it
presented as evidence. Nor did it plead the basic element of consideration or
demonstrate that it entered into the executed Tenancy Agreement in reliance on
the statements and assurances provided by Carilla. Besides, given that the
executed Tenancy Agreement contains an entire agreement clause, it was
difficult, too say the least, for Sheng Siong to plead that there was a
collateral agreement.

85 Finally, Carilla contravened ss 33 and 34 of the Legal Profession Act by
collecting a legal fee in the amount of $3,210 from Sheng Siong for the
preparation of the executed Tenancy Agreement, although this became a non-
issue since Sheng Siong acknowledged Carilla offered a few days before trial
to return the fee.

Conclusion

86 There will, accordingly, be judgment for Sheng Siong in its claim for the
return of the sum of $453,210 comprising the security deposit and the legal
fee (see above at [20]).

87 However, I dismiss Sheng Siong’s claim for reimbursement of the stamp duty
of $22,954 paid to the Commissioner of Stamp Duties. Sheng Siong makes this
claim on the basis that Carilla sent the executed Tenancy Agreement for
stamping despite the HDB rejecting the proposal to use the Premises as, _inter
alia_ , a supermarket, on 27 April 2009 (see above at [11]–[12]) However, this
argument overlooks the fact that the executed Tenancy Agreement was an
instrument _required_ to be stamped under the Stamp Duties Act (Cap 312, 2006
Rev Ed) and the parties would have been in breach of this Act had Carilla not
sent the executed Tenancy Agreement for stamping.

88 I reject Carilla’s counterclaim in its entirety (see above at [21]).

89 I will hear the parties on costs as well as on Sheng Siong’s claim for
interest on the sum of $453,210 (see above at [20]).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

