Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Bunga Melati 5”  
[2011] SGHC 195

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 21 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 252 of
2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Kah Wah, Teo Ke-Wei Ian and Koh See Bin (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the plaintiff; Prem Gurbani, s Mohan and Adrian Aw (Gurbani &
Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  The "Bunga Melati 5"  
  
23 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal by the plaintiff from the decision of the Assistant
Registrar (“AR”) in _Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd v The
Owners of the Ship or Vessel “Bunga Melati 5”_ [2010] SGHC 193, granting the
defendant’s application to strike out and/or set aside the plaintiff’s
admiralty writ _in rem_ and statement of claim pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “ROC”) or the court’s inherent
jurisdiction, and/or for want of admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ under s 4(4)
of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (the
“HCAJA”).

2 After hearing the parties, I dismissed the appeal and upheld the decision of
the learned AR, ordering that the plaintiff’s action be struck out under O 18
r 19 of the ROC. However, as I did not agree with all the views expressed by
him (particularly those which related to the invocation of admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_), which I believe raise matters of practical
significance to the Admiralty Bar, and as the plaintiff has appealed against
my judgment (_vide_ Civil Appeal No 193 of 2010), I set out the grounds of my
decision below.

3 I should add that the defendant had, in Registrar’s Appeal (“RA”) No 256 of
2010, also cross-appealed against part of the learned AR’s decision. However,
as I had already ruled in the defendant’s favour in the present action, RA No
256 of 2010 was adjourned pending the outcome of Civil Appeal No 193 of 2010.

4 In these grounds, references to O 18 r 19 of the ROC should be understood as
including a reference to the court’s inherent jurisdiction to strike out an
action as being frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process (on which see
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2007) at para 18/19/16). As some cases cited in these grounds make reference
to different editions of the HCAJA, I should also make clear that the
abbreviation “HCAJA” should be understood as including all editions of the
High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act, since they are substantially the same
in terms of content. In addition, since I will be referring to ss 3(1) and
4(4) of the HCAJA frequently throughout these grounds, it is convenient to set
out these provisions _in extenso_ :

**Admiralty jurisdiction of High Court**

**3\. —**(1) The admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court shall be as follows,
that is to say, jurisdiction to hear and determine any of the following
questions or claims:

(a) any claim to the possession or ownership of a ship or to the ownership of
any share therein;

(b) any question arising between the co-owners of a ship as to possession,
employment or earnings of that ship;

(c) any claim in respect of a mortgage of or charge on a ship or any share
therein;

(d) any claim for damage done by a ship;

(e) any claim for damage received by a ship;

(f) any claim for loss of life or personal injury sustained in consequence of
any defect in a ship or in her apparel or equipment, or of the wrongful act,
neglect or default of the owners, charterers or persons in possession or
control of a ship or of the master or crew thereof or of any other person for
whose wrongful acts, neglects or defaults the owners, charterers or persons in
possession or control of a ship are responsible, being an act, neglect or
default in the navigation or management of the ship, in the loading, carriage
or discharge of goods on, in or from the ship or in the embarkation, carriage
or disembarkation of persons on, in or from the ship;

(g) any claim for loss of or damage to goods carried in a ship;

(h) any claim arising out of any agreement relating to the carriage of goods
in a ship or to the use or hire of a ship;

(i) subject to section 168 of the Merchant Shipping Act (Cap. 179) (which
requires salvage disputes to be determined summarily by a District Court in
certain cases), any claim in the nature of salvage (including any claim
arising under section 11 of the Air Navigation Act (Cap. 6) relating to
salvage to aircraft and their apparel and cargo);

(j) any claim in the nature of towage in respect of a ship or an aircraft;

(k) any claim in the nature of pilotage in respect of a ship or an aircraft;

(l) any claim in respect of goods or materials supplied to a ship for her
operation or maintenance;

(m) any claim in respect of the construction, repair or equipment of a ship or
dock charges or dues;

(n) any claim by a master or member of the crew of a ship for wages and any
claim by or in respect of a master or member of the crew of a ship for any
money or property which, under any of the provisions of the Merchant Shipping
Act (Cap. 179) is recoverable as wages or in the Court and in the manner in
which wages may be recovered;

(o) any claim by a master, shipper, charterer or agent in respect of
disbursements made on account of a ship;

(p) any claim arising out of an act which is or is claimed to be a general
average act;

(q) any claim arising out of bottomry;

(r) any claim for the forfeiture or condemnation of a ship or of goods which
are being or have been carried, or have been attempted to be carried, in a
ship, or for the restoration of a ship or any such goods after seizure, or for
droits of admiralty,

together with any other jurisdiction connected with ships or aircraft which
may be vested in the Court apart from this section.

…

**Mode of exercise of admiralty jurisdiction**

**4**. — …

(4) In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3 (1) (_d_) to
(_q_), where —

(a) the claim arises in connection with a ship; and

(b) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action in rem may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

Overview

The plaintiff’s case

5 The plaintiff, Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd, was a
Singapore company in the business of supplying marine fuels (“bunkers”). The
defendant, MISC Berhad, was a Malaysian shipping company and the registered
owner of a number of vessels, including the _Bunga Melati 5_.

6 In its statement of claim, the plaintiff alleged that the parties had, on or
about 3 July 2008, entered into two fixed price contracts, under which it
agreed to supply 35,000 metric tonnes of bunkers (per contract) to a number of
vessels owned or operated by the defendant in August and September 2008 at the
price of US$744 and US$750 per metric tonne respectively (the “Fixed Price
Contracts”). In addition, the plaintiff alleged that the parties had, on or
about 18 September 2008, entered into a separate contract for the supply of
1,000 metric tonnes of bunkers, on a “spot” basis, to the defendant’s vessel
the _MT Navig8 Faith_ (the “Navig8 Faith Contract”). According to the
plaintiff, a Malaysian company, Market Asia Link Sdn Bhd (“MAL”), at all
material times acted as the broker or buying agent of the defendant in respect
of the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract. I should say that
the defendant contested these allegations with a different version of events,
which I will come to at [45] below.

7 The plaintiff did not receive full payment in respect of the supplied
bunkers, and, according to the plaintiff’s statement of claim, a rather
substantial sum of US$21,703,059.39 (plus contractual interest) remained
outstanding.

8 Consequently, the plaintiff commenced the present action _in rem_ and served
the writ _in rem_ on the _Bunga Melati 5_ ; however, no warrant of arrest was
issued and the vessel was not arrested. In all likelihood, security for the
claim was furnished voluntarily in lieu of an arrest. It was common ground
that the _Bunga Melati 5_ was not one of the vessels which had received the
bunkers supplied. As such, this was what is commonly known as a “sister ship
action” under s 4(4)(_b_)(ii) of the HCAJA.

9 The plaintiff’s case was essentially that the defendant was a party to the
Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract via the agency of the
defendant’s alleged agent, MAL, and that the defendant was therefore
contractually liable to the plaintiff for the bunkers supplied. As an
alternative to its claim in contract, the plaintiff also argued that, if there
were no valid and binding contracts for the sale and supply of the bunkers
between the parties, the defendant was liable to it in unjust enrichment,
since the defendant had enjoyed the use of the plaintiff’s bunkers without
paying for them. In addition, the plaintiff contended that the offer of a
corporate guarantee by the defendant, in the context of earlier court
proceedings in the United States in respect of the same dispute (the “US
proceedings”), amounted to an admission of liability by the defendant.

The US proceedings

10 Prior to the start of the present action, the plaintiff had commenced
another set of proceedings in the United States District Court for the Central
District of California (the “California District Court”), based on essentially
the same claims as the present action (albeit the issue of agency was
apparently not pleaded). The plaintiff filed a “Verified Complaint” to obtain
an attachment order under Rule B of the Supplemental Rules for Admiralty or
Maritime Claims and Asset Forfeiture Actions of the Federal Rules of Civil
Procedure (the “Rule B attachment order”). The Rule B attachment order was
executed against one of the defendant’s vessels, the _Bunga Kasturi Lima_ , at
Long Beach, California.

11 As alluded to above (at [9]), the offer of a corporate guarantee was made
to the plaintiff by the defendant. It was made a day after the Rule B
attachment order was executed against the _Bunga Kasturi Lima_ and was to the
effect that the defendant would pay to the plaintiff the sum of US$22.4
million, on condition that the plaintiff withdrew all suits against the
defendant in the United States and not commence any further actions _in rem_
against the defendant’s vessels. The plaintiff, however, did not accept this
offer.

12 The defendant filed a motion to vacate the Rule B attachment order and to
dismiss the Verified Complaint for failure to state a claim. The California
District Court vacated the Rule B attachment order, a decision which was
upheld on appeal by the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit
(the “Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals”), though the motion to dismiss the
Verified Complaint was not considered, and was scheduled for further hearing.
However, the further hearing never took place, as the plaintiff voluntarily
withdrew the Verified Complaint.

The defendant’s application

13 As stated (see [1] above), before the learned AR, the defendant applied
(_vide_ Summons No 919 of 2010) for, _inter alia_ , the following orders:

(a)

that the plaintiff’s writ and statement of claim be struck out pursuant to O
18 r 19 of the ROC and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the court;

(b)

that the plaintiff’s writ be struck out and/or set aside on the basis that the
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court under the HCAJA had been
improperly or invalidly invoked against the _Bunga Melati 5_ ; and

(c)

a declaration that the plaintiff was not entitled to invoke the admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court against the _Bunga Melati 5_ or any other
vessel owned by the defendant in relation to the plaintiff’s alleged claim.

14 The defendant’s primary submission in support of its application was a
straightforward denial of any agency relationship between it and MAL, and
therefore also a denial that it had directly contracted with the plaintiff for
the supply of bunkers. The defendant asserted that at all material times, it
had procured the sale and supply of bunkers for its vessels from MAL as its
contractual sellers (with MAL in turn procuring bunkers from suppliers such as
the plaintiff), and that there was therefore no contractual relationship
between the defendant and the plaintiff. Consequently, the defendant submitted
that the plaintiff’s claim should be struck out for being plainly
unsustainable on the merits, and that, for the same reasons, the defendant was
not “the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ”
(the “relevant person”) under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA and the plaintiff had
therefore wrongly invoked the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court.
The defendant also argued that these submissions applied with equal force to
the plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment. In addition, the defendant relied
on the doctrine of issue estoppel, arguing that the US proceedings estopped
the plaintiff from litigating the same issues before the Singapore court, and
that the plaintiff’s action should therefore be struck out as being frivolous,
vexatious or an abuse of process. Finally, the defendant submitted that the
plaintiff’s action, following on the heels of the US proceedings, offended the
“one claim, one ship” principle, and that the plaintiff was thereby prevented
from invoking the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court or that the
action should therefore be struck out.

The AR’s decision

15 In a carefully considered decision, the learned AR granted the first two
orders sought (_ie_ , [13(a)] and [13(b)] above), but declined to grant the
final order (which formed the subject matter of RA No 256 of 2010 and was not
material to this appeal).

16 In his grounds of decision, the learned AR held that, although the relevant
provisions of the HCAJA did not impose a threshold test of merits which the
plaintiff had to discharge before it could invoke the admiralty jurisdiction
_in rem_ of the High Court, in light of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“ _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ ”), the
common law required a plaintiff to show a good arguable case _on the merits_
before the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ could be invoked. He
considered, however, that this view of the law did not sit easily with my
decision in _The Eagle Prestige_ [2010] 3 SLR 394, which he interpreted as
holding that there was no requirement (whether under the HCAJA or at common
law) for a plaintiff to go into the merits of the claim when the invocation of
the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ was challenged by the defendant,
unless there was also an application to strike out the action pursuant to O 18
r 19 of the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

17 Applying this view of the law to the facts, the learned AR held that, on
the evidence, the plaintiff had failed to establish a good arguable case that
there was a contractual relationship between it and the defendant (via the
agency of MAL). On the basis of his reading of _The Vasilily Golovnin (CA)_ ,
the learned AR concluded that the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court
had been improperly invoked as the plaintiff was unable to show that it had a
good arguable case on the merits, and the writ was to be set aside.
Alternatively, on the basis of _The Eagle Prestige_ , the writ was to be
struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC or pursuant to the inherent
jurisdiction of the court because, on the same facts, the plaintiff’s claim
was obviously unsustainable and bound to fail.

18 The learned AR applied the same reasoning to the plaintiff’s claim in
unjust enrichment, and held that the plaintiff had again failed to show a good
arguable case on the merits, which meant that the writ was to be set aside due
to a lack of admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ (as _per_ his understanding of
_The Vasilily Golovnin (CA)_), or alternatively that the claim was to be
struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the court’s inherent
jurisdiction as it was plainly unsustainable (as _per The Eagle Prestige_).

19 In view of his conclusions above, the learned AR was not therefore obliged
to consider the defendant’s other arguments based on issue estoppel and the
“one ship, one claim” rule, but he nonetheless dealt with both submissions,
concluding _obiter_ that, in the circumstances, the plaintiff’s writ ought not
to be set aside or struck out on those grounds.

RA 252 of 2010

20 I should make it clear that, on appeal, a number of matters were either
common ground or not in dispute, namely that:

(a)

the plaintiff’s claim for unpaid bunkers fell squarely within s 3(1)(_l_) of
the HCAJA;

(b)

the plaintiff had to satisfy the requirements of s 4(4) of the HCAJA in order
for the court to have jurisdiction to entertain an action _in rem_ ;

(c)

the defendant was the beneficial owner of the _Bunga Melati 5_ when this
action was brought;

(d)

the plaintiff’s claim arose in connection with the supply of bunkers to
another ship or other ships; and

(e)

when the alleged cause or causes of action arose the defendant was the owner
or charterer or person in possession or control of that other ship or those
other ships.

Thus, the dispute centred on whether the defendant could be said to be the
“person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” within
the meaning of s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA. The thrust of the plaintiff’s case
was that the defendant could indeed be said to be such a person, while the
defendant’s arguments were to the contrary. This simple summary of the
respective positions, however, does not do justice to the complexity of the
underlying issues as well as the extensive arguments canvassed by both parties
before me.

21 The plaintiff, for instance, made the following submissions:

(a)

where a defendant in an admiralty action _in rem_ disputed his _in personam_
liability, the applicable standard of proof under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA was
that of a “good arguable case”, and was similar to that under O 18 r 19 of the
ROC;

(b)

the learned AR had erred in holding that _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ had
introduced a merits test which was independent of the provisions of the HCAJA,
and which had to be satisfied before a plaintiff could invoke the admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ of the High Court;

(c)

the learned AR had erred in his decision as the plaintiff had adduced
sufficient evidence that, under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA, the defendant was
the person who would be liable on the claims in contract and in unjust
enrichment in an action _in personam_ ;

(d)

the learned AR had erred in his decision as, based on the evidence adduced,
the plaintiff’s case was not so obviously unsustainable or bound to fail as to
be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the court’s inherent
jurisdiction; and

(e)

the plaintiff was not estopped from bringing the present action as the US
proceedings were not final and conclusive on the merits, and in this respect
the decision of the learned AR was correct.

22 The defendant did not meet all the plaintiff’s submissions, as the
defendant conceded at the outset of the hearing before me that the proper
standard of proof to be applied under s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA (see [21(a)]
above) was indeed that of a “good arguable case”, as opposed to that of a
“balance of probabilities”, as it had contended before the learned AR.
However, the defendant’s other submissions were as follows:

(a)

the learned AR had erred in his interpretation of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_
, as the Court of Appeal was not introducing a new merits requirement
independent of the HCAJA, but was merely explaining the merits requirement
which had always been inherent in the provisions of the HCAJA;

(b)

the learned AR ought therefore to have held that, under s 4(4)(_b_) of the
HCAJA, the plaintiff was required to (and had failed to) show a “good arguable
case” on the merits that the defendant was the person who would be liable on
the claims in contract and in unjust enrichment in an action _in personam_ ;

(c)

the learned AR was correct in his decision insofar as, based on the evidence
adduced, the plaintiff’s case was so obviously unsustainable or bound to fail
that it ought to be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the court’s
inherent jurisdiction; and

(d)

the learned AR had erred in holding that the plaintiff was not estopped from
bringing the present action because, properly understood, the US proceedings
were final and conclusive on the merits.

In addition, the defendant introduced a new submission, _viz_ , that the
plaintiff had no _locus standi_ to bring the present action because, pursuant
to a notice of assignment in the tax invoices in respect of the bunker
transactions which formed the subject of the plaintiff’s claims, it had
assigned all proceeds thereunder to another entity, BNP Paribas (see [37]
below).

Summary disposal of admiralty actions _in rem_

23 As a preliminary matter, it is vitally important to appreciate that the
defendant in the present action was challenging the plaintiff’s claim on two
alternative bases: as a matter of _jurisdiction_ , and also on the _merits_.

24 As I suggested in _The Eagle Prestige_ (at [21] and [54]), when a plaintiff
invoked the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the High Court by serving an
admiralty writ _in rem_ on the vessel, or by arresting the vessel, there were
essentially two routes open to the defendant to dispose of the plaintiff’s
action without troubling himself with a full trial:

(a)

the defendant could apply under O 12 r 7 (read with O 70 r 2(3)) of the ROC to
set aside the writ and warrant of arrest, if any, on the basis that the
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the High Court had been wrongly or
invalidly invoked; or

(b)

the defendant could apply under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or pursuant to the
court’s inherent jurisdiction to strike out the action (from which it followed
that the warrant of arrest, if any, would also fall away), on the basis that
the plaintiff’s claim was certain to fail or obviously unsustainable and was
thereby frivolous, vexatious, or lacking in _bona fides_ so as to otherwise be
an abuse of process (see generally _The Osprey_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 at [8]
and [9]).

I should add that the defendant may also apply to discharge the warrant of
arrest on the basis of material non-disclosure by the plaintiff in the
affidavit supporting the application for the warrant of arrest (_The Rainbow
Spring_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362 (“ _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ ”) at [35]), as it
was well-established that this was entirely independent of applications under
O 12 r 7 and O 18 r 19 of the ROC (see _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ at [37] and
_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ at [84]), but as discharging the warrant of arrest
on the basis of material non-disclosure generally does not otherwise affect
the validity of the plaintiff’s admiralty action (unlike applications under O
12 r 7 and O 18 r 19 of the ROC), and because the issue of non-disclosure was
not relevant to this case, I will not discuss it further, and nothing in these
grounds should be taken as being inconsistent with my views on the matter of
non-disclosure in _The Eagle Prestige_.

25 For the avoidance of doubt, I have in these grounds endeavoured (except
where I have quoted _verbatim_ from the source material) to use the term “set
aside” (and its various cognates) to describe the relief sought by the
defendant in challenging the court’s jurisdiction pursuant to O 12 r 7 of the
ROC, and “strike out” (and its various cognates) to describe the relief sought
by the defendant pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC or pursuant to the court’s
inherent jurisdiction.

26 The reason for such punctiliousness is that it was sometimes unclear from
the cases which route a defendant was adopting, and consequently what relief
the court was granting. The learned AR, for instance, although clearly
granting relief in the nature of O 12 r 7 of the ROC by upholding the
defendant’s jurisdictional objections, expressed himself in terms of “striking
out”, which was language that was more appropriate to O 18 r 19.
Notwithstanding this, in these grounds, I have treated the learned AR as
basing his decision on both O 12 r 7 and O 18 r 19. Precision is important,
because the relationship between relief under O 12 r 7 and O 18 r 19 of the
ROC, in the context of the HCAJA, is complex, and they have sometimes been
confused due to lack of clarity in the terminology used.

27 There have been cases where the defendant’s application was based solely on
the ground of lack of admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ (_eg_ , _Schwarz & Co
(Grain) Ltd v St Elefterio ex Arion (Owners) (The St Elefterio)_ [1957] 1 P
179 (“ _The St Elefterio_ ”); _The Wigwam_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 689 (“ _The
Wigwam (HC)_ ”); _The Owners of the Motor Vessel “Iran Amanat” v KMP Coastal
Oil Pte Limited_ (1999) 196 CLR 130 (“ _Iran Amanat_ ”)). There have also been
cases where the application was based solely on O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the
court’s inherent jurisdiction (_eg_ , _Sunly Petroleum Co Ltd v The Owners of
the Ship or Vessel Lok Maheshwari_ [1996] SGHC 212 (“ _Lok Maheshwari_ ”);
_The J Faster_ [2000] 1 HKC 652). More often than not, however, the
application was effectively based on both grounds (albeit drafted as
alternative prayers in the application), with the defendant canvassing the
same arguments in its applications under O 12 r 7 and O 18 r 19 of the ROC (as
in the present action), or arguing that the plaintiff’s claim, in addition to
invalidly invoking jurisdiction under O 12 r 7, was bound to fail for some
other reason under O 18 r 19 (_eg_ , _The Moschanthy_ [1971] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 37;
_The Hsing An_ [1971-1973] SLR(R) 843; and the present action, as far as issue
estoppel was concerned).

28 Strictly speaking, it should not be proper to deploy the same arguments in
respect of O 12 r 7 and O 18 r 19 of the ROC, for when an action is struck out
under the latter provision, that means the court is _exercising_ its
jurisdiction to prevent (broadly speaking) an abuse of its process; whereas if
a writ is set aside under the former, that means the court has _no_
jurisdiction (see _Astro Exito Navegacion SA v W T Hsu (The “Messiniaki
Tolmi”)_ [1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 266 and D C Jackson, _Enforcement of Maritime
Claims_ (LLP, 4th ed, 2005) at paras 9.60 and 10.67). In non-admiralty cases,
for instance, where the court’s jurisdiction depends on valid service of the
writ of summons on the defendant, an argument that the court is not properly
seised of jurisdiction due to a defect in service would be mounted under O 12
r 7 of the ROC, and not O 18 r 19. Yet, in admiralty actions (as this case
illustrated), an unhealthy practice appears to have built up whereby both
reliefs are often claimed on the same arguments (_viz_ , that the defendant
could not be said to be the “relevant person” within the meaning of s
4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA), so that facts forming the basis of jurisdiction and
those forming the substance of the underlying claim become mixed up (see [30]
below), leading to confusion between the _existence_ of jurisdiction and its
_exercise_.

29 In _The Eagle Prestige_ , I adverted (at [54]) to this undesirable state of
affairs. The broad terminology I used there, _viz_ , “Situation 1” and
“Situation 2” cases, was intended, _inter alia_ , to emphasise the distinction
between a question of jurisdiction _in rem_ under O 12 r 7 of the ROC and a
question of merits under O 18 r 19. It was also a convenient way to explain
that, typically, in the former case, the plaintiff in an action _in rem_ is
not required to disclose defences to the claim at the stage of applying for a
warrant of arrest. Given its contextual purpose, that terminology would not
have adequately captured the full breadth and complexity of the two
approaches.

30 Distinguishing between applications under O 12 r 7 and O 18 r 19 of the ROC
in this manner raised the question of when the court should resort to O 12 r 7
of the ROC, and when to O 18 r 19, especially in instances where (as in the
present case) it was faced with applications under both provisions, albeit
framed in the alternative. The touchstone, in my opinion, was whether the
court could limit its inquiry to purely _jurisdictional_ matters of fact or
law, in which case O 12 r 7 was the correct procedural tool; or whether it was
required to delve into _non-jurisdictional_ matters of fact or law (_ie_ , the
merits of the dispute), in which case O 18 r 19 was the correct means of
proceeding.

31 The distinction between issues of jurisdiction and issues of liability or
merits was one that was generally well-established in admiralty law.
Jurisdictional disputes, as I understood the term, were disputes over the
existence or veracity of jurisdictional facts (_ie_ , facts which had to be
found as a condition precedent to jurisdiction), or disputes over the correct
answer to a jurisdictional question of law (_eg_ , the proper interpretation
of a statutory provision which conferred jurisdiction). Jurisdictional
disputes were necessarily separate from, and logically prior to, the
substantive, non-jurisdictional dispute between the parties over the issue of
the defendant’s liability (_ie_ , the merits of the plaintiff’s claim), and as
such, the court was obliged to resolve jurisdictional disputes at the outset,
once and for all (_I Congreso del Partido_ [1978] 1 QB 500 at 535–536 (see
[105] below) and _The Jarguh Sawit_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 829 at [30] (see [90]
below)), after which the matter was _res judicata_ (_The Jarguh Sawit_ at [32]
and [39]), and the action (assuming the court was seised of jurisdiction)
proceeded to a trial of the merits.

32 The conclusive resolution of jurisdictional disputes in advance of the
substantive trial of the merits was the proper province of O 12 r 7 of the
ROC, from which it followed that non-jurisdictional matters (_eg_ , the
existence or veracity of non-jurisdictional facts, or the resolution of non-
jurisdictional questions of law) relating to the merits of the dispute were
not to be investigated by the court in an application to set aside the writ
under O 12 r 7 (_The Indriani_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 5 at [17]), for at that stage
the court was concerned exclusively with _jurisdictional matters_ (whether of
fact or of law). Order 12 r 7 of the ROC was not the proper means by which to
deal with non-jurisdictional matters, because at the jurisdictional stage, the
existence and veracity of non-jurisdictional facts pleaded by the plaintiff
were to be assumed (David Chong Gek Sian, “In Personam Liability, Beneficial
Ownership and the Action in Rem” (1994) 6 SAcLJ 272 (“Chong’s article”) at p
275, citing many of the authorities I will be dealing with later in these
grounds), and non-jurisdictional questions of law ignored. In other words,
non-jurisdictional questions of fact (or the application of the law to such
facts), being matters which were appropriately concerned with liability or
merits (_ie_ , the strength of the plaintiff’s claim), were to be separately
dealt with at the substantive trial, or, if the plaintiff’s claim was so
unmeritorious as to be plainly unsustainable, under O 18 r 19 of the ROC.

My decision under O 18 r 19 of the ROC

33 At the hearing of the appeal the parties were contesting a large number of
non-jurisdictional matters of fact and law. Indeed, from the outset, the
defendant’s General Manager, Corporate Procurement and Supply Management, Ms
Noraini Binti Ibrahim, in her first affidavit claimed that the present
proceedings were “frivolous, vexatious and an abuse of process”.[note: 1] I
therefore considered that the application was to be dealt with under O 18 r 19
of the ROC. As I have already indicated (see [2] above), I upheld the decision
of the learned AR and struck out the plaintiff’s action under O 18 r 19 of the
ROC.

34 In the first part of these grounds ([35]–[75] below), I explain my ruling,
while in the second part of these grounds ([76]–[157] below), I explain my
reasons for rejecting the learned AR’s primary basis for his decision under O
12 r 7 to “strike out” (_ie_ , set aside (see [26] above)) the action, _viz_ ,
that the plaintiff was required to satisfy the court that it had a good
arguable case on the merits before it was entitled to invoke the court’s
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_.

_Introduction_

35 As I said in _The Eagle Prestige_ (at [57]), it is always open to a
defendant to apply at an early stage of admiralty proceedings for the action
to be struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC on the basis that it has no
chance of success, and the burden on the issue of non-liability lies on the
defendant to show that the plaintiff’s case is wholly and clearly unarguable.

36 The question for the court, upon an application for a striking out of the
action, would be the strength, sustainability or merits of the plaintiff’s
claim, _ie_ , all the non-jurisdictional matters which are not generally
germane on a challenge to jurisdiction under O 12 r 7 of the ROC (see [32]
above). Counsel for the defendant, Mr Prem Gurbani, advanced a number of
submissions calculated to demonstrate that the plaintiff’s claim was plainly
unsustainable on the merits.

The plaintiff’s locus standi

37 Mr Gurbani took this as a threshold point at the appeal (see [22] above)
even though it was not his strongest submission. He argued that the plaintiff
lacked _locus standi_ to bring the present action because the invoices (which
were annexed to a letter of demand sent by the plaintiff’s previous
solicitors) issued by the plaintiff in respect of the unpaid bunkers plainly
stated that “[a]ll proceeds hereunder are assigned to BNP Paribas…”.[note: 2]
Consequently, the defendant submitted, it was clear that the party entitled to
those proceeds was BNP Paribas and not the plaintiff, and that the plaintiff
therefore had no arguable case against the defendant, necessitating that the
action be struck out as being obviously unsustainable. At the hearing, Mr
Gurbani expanded on this submission, asserting that, as a result of the
assignment, the action should have been brought by BNP Paribas, or BNP Paribas
should at least have been joined as plaintiff.

38 I did not accept this argument, because it was clear from the relevant
documents that there was no absolute assignment of the plaintiff’s receivables
to BNP Paribas; the notice in its tax invoices was merely confirmatory of a
floating charge the plaintiff had granted to BNP Paribas over the sums
standing to the credit of the plaintiff’s account with it. Notably, the
statement comprising the notice directed all payment of proceeds of tax
invoices into the account of the plaintiff with BNP Paribas, and not to BNP
Paribas’ account – a strong sign that there was no assignment in place. It was
therefore somewhat misleading for the invoices to have stated that the
“proceeds” had been “assigned” to BNP Paribas, for the fact of the matter was
that the security in question was a floating charge in favour of BNP Paribas
over sums standing to the credit of the plaintiff’s account with it.

39 As Mr Leong Kah Wah, counsel for the plaintiff, explained, at the material
time, the plaintiff had in place trade facilities with BNP Paribas, which was
governed by a “Letter Agreement” dated 29 July 2008.[note: 3] Clause 9(iii) of
the Letter Agreement made reference to a “registered Fixed and Floating Charge
in the name of [the plaintiff] dated 27 September 2002”.[note: 4] Clause
15(iii) of the Letter Agreement[note: 5] and cl 3.1 of the Fixed and Floating
Charge,[note: 6] setting out the assets included within the charge, were
drafted in wide terms, and would certainly have included the monies due to the
plaintiff under the invoices, although the uncontroverted evidence from the
plaintiff’s Managing Director, Mrs Choong-Ong Gek Hoon, was that, at all
material times, there had been no default under the facilities and the
floating charge had not crystallised.[note: 7] Mrs Choong-Ong further
explained that the notice in the plaintiff’s invoices was inserted because of
clause 12(xii) of the Letter Agreement, which provided that the plaintiff
undertook to “notify the legal assignment of proceeds in the invoice to all
its buyers”.[note: 8] In short, the statement in the invoices regarding the
assignment of proceeds thereunder to BNP Paribas simply represented the
plaintiff’s compliance with its contractual obligations to BNP Paribas, and
nothing more.

40 I did not think that the Letter Agreement’s reference to a “legal
assignment” necessarily supported the defendant’s case, as Mr Gurbani had
argued. In the circumstances, the terminology was not decisive. There was an
important distinction between an outright assignment and an assignment by way
of security, and whether a particular transaction was one or the other
depended on the real intention of the parties (see Greg Tolhurst, _The
Assignment of Contractual Rights_ (Hart Publishing, 2006) at paras [3.15] and
[3.16]), and if, on a true construction of the relevant documents, the real
intention of the parties was that of a charge, the fact that it had been
labelled an assignment was irrelevant (_The Manchester, Sheffield and
Lincolnshire Railway Company v The North Central Wagon Company_ (1888) 13 App
Cas 554 at 568 (_per_ Lord Macnaghten) and _Helby v Matthews and others_
[1895] 1 AC 471 at 475 (_per_ Lord Herschell LC)). Here, it was clear from the
Letter Agreement and the Fixed and Floating Charge that what had been intended
was a charge, and not an assignment as such. There were important differences
between a charge and an assignment (see _The Assignment of Contractual Rights_
at para [3.17], especially pp 51–52), not least the fact that the chargor
would lack an intention to assign, a _sine qua non_ of all consensual
assignments (see _The Assignment of Contractual Rights_ at paras [3.14] and
[7.03]).

41 Consequently, the _locus standi_ point was without merit, and furnished no
basis on which to strike out the plaintiff’s action.

The plaintiff’s claim in contract

42 The plaintiff’s claim in contract was essentially that the defendant was a
party to the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract via the
agency of its alleged agent, MAL, and that the defendant was therefore
contractually liable to the plaintiff for the bunkers supplied.

43 The main argument raised by the defendant in response was that there was no
contractual relationship between itself and the plaintiff (see [14] above),
because at all material times, MAL was the defendant’s contractual seller,
issuing its invoices to the defendant based on the agreed unit price of the
bunkers. It was common ground that the plaintiff’s invoices had never been
sent to the defendant.

44 The defendant’s argument sought to demonstrate that the evidence did not
support the existence of the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith
Contract as between the plaintiff and defendant, nor did they establish an
agency relationship between the defendant and MAL. As such, Mr Gurbani
submitted, the plaintiff’s claim in contract ought to be struck out under O 18
r 19 of the ROC.

Evidence of the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract

45 As stated (see [6] above), contrary to the plaintiff’s pleaded case that it
(the plaintiff) was suing the defendant on two Fixed Price Contracts (_ie_ ,
for the supply of 35,000 metric tonnes of bunkers in August 2008 for one month
at the fixed price of US$744 per metric tonne, and 35,000 metric tonnes of
bunkers in September 2008 for one month at the fixed price of US$750 per
metric tonne), and the Navig8 Faith Contract, the defendant’s position was
that it had entered into a six-month Bunker Fixed Price Agreement (“BFPA”),
pursuant to which MAL supplied 138,000 metric tonnes of bunkers at a fixed
price of US$475 per metric tonne, from 24 March 2008 to 23 September 2008, to
a total of 13 vessels owned or operated by the defendant. According to the
defendant, the BFPA was the subject-matter of a tender and MAL was amongst
eight companies (including established firms such as Petronas Dagangan Berhad,
BP Singapore Pte Ltd and Shell Malaysia Trading Sdn Bhd) that received bid
documents. Six companies submitted bids to the defendant, and eventually MAL
was successful in the tender, being awarded the BFPA on 14 March 2008. In
addition to the BFPA, there were nine spot contracts (referred to by the
defendant as the “Market Price Contracts”) for the supply of bunkers to
vessels owned or operated by the defendant at the prevailing market rates for
bunkers. Mr Gurbani argued that the plaintiff’s version of events (_viz_ ,
that the plaintiff had contracted with the defendant, via the agency of MAL)
was simply not credible in light of the clear evidence supporting the
defendant’s position.

46 I agreed with Mr Gurbani and was of the view that the plaintiff’s case was
indeed fraught with insurmountable evidential difficulties.

47 First, the plaintiff had pleaded that the two Fixed Price Contracts were
evidenced by two e-mails from Compass Marine, both entitled “Bunker
Confirmation” and dated 3 July 2008. The pleadings did not refer to MAL’s fax
confirmations dated 4 July 2008, although both the e-mails from Compass Marine
and MAL’s fax confirmations were referred to by Mr Darren-Middleton, Managing
Director of Compass Marine, in an affidavit filed in support of the
plaintiff’s case.[note: 9] The first e-mail from Compass Marine confirmed the
supply of bunkers in the month of August 2008 at the fixed price of US$744 per
metric tonne,[note: 10] while the second e-mail confirmed the supply of
bunkers in the month of September 2008 at the fixed price of US$750 per metric
tonne.[note: 11] Both these e-mails contained a clause stating
“Sellers/Suppliers General Terms and conditions of sale to apply”. In its
pleadings, the plaintiff referred to or relied on a number of clauses from
these “terms and conditions”. In contrast, MAL’s fax confirmations of 4 July
2008 (confirming the supply of bunkers in August and September 2008 at the
fixed price of US$744 per metric tonne and US$750 per metric tonne
respectively)[note: 12] stated that the supply of bunkers was to be governed
by “the general terms and conditions contained in “BIMCO STANDARD BUNKER
CONTRACT”…” There was therefore a clear inconsistency in the terms and
conditions under which the bunkers were to be supplied, which seemed to me to
be a classic example of a “battle of forms” (see _Butler Machine Tool Co Ltd v
Ex-Cell-O Corporation (England) Ltd_ [1979] 1 WLR 401). Thus, it might
plausibly be suggested that there was no consensus _ad idem_ , or at the very
least, no Fixed Price Contracts on the plaintiff’s pleaded terms.

48 Second, Mr Yahya bin Mohd Khalid, the Managing Director of MAL, had filed
an affidavit in support of the plaintiff’s claim,[note: 13] but curiously and
rather tellingly, Mr Yahya did not mention the Fixed Price Contracts and the
Navig8 Faith Contract in his affidavit.

49 Third, the plaintiff simply had no answer to the clear and cogent evidence
from the defendant establishing the existence of the BFPA and the Market Price
Contracts. Mr Gurbani submitted that the existence of the BFPA, and the due
performance of their respective obligations thereunder by MAL and the
defendant, completely undermined the plaintiff’s claim in contract, for it
demonstrated beyond doubt that MAL was not the defendant’s agent. In this
respect, Mr Gurbani pressed the point that it made no commercial sense for the
defendant to obtain bunkers from MAL under the BFPA (in March 2008) at US$475
per metric tonne, and then “authorise” MAL (in July 2008) to contract, as the
defendant’s agent, with the plaintiff or its brokers at a price in excess of
US$740 per metric tonne. Like the learned AR (see [51] of his grounds of
decision), I was persuaded by these facts and contentions. The plaintiff
sought to cast doubt on the genuineness of the BFPA, contending that it was
“puzzling” that the defendant awarded the BFPA to MAL, notwithstanding that
MAL had offered the lowest bid, over more established companies such as BP
Singapore Pte Ltd and Shell Malaysia Trading Sdn Bhd, especially since, based
on the prevailing market prices at the time, by offering a bid of US$475 per
metric tonne, the BFPA was a loss-making transaction for MAL from the outset.
As the learned AR pointedly noted (at [53] of his grounds of decision),
however, one would have thought that it was precisely because MAL offered such
a low bid that it was awarded the BFPA over the other bidders.

50 In the face of these evidential problems, the plaintiff contended that the
issue of whether or not the defendant would be liable to the plaintiff on the
claim in contract was a matter that should properly be dealt with at trial and
could not be disposed of under O 18 r 19 of the ROC. The defendant, however,
argued that, even aside from these difficulties, the plaintiff’s claim in
contract was unarguable and bound to fail, because no agency relationship
between the defendant and MAL was disclosed, and to this I now turn.

Agency by estoppel

51 The plaintiff’s case was based on agency by estoppel (also known as
ostensible authority), which required (_Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another and another suit_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 788 (upheld on appeal in
_Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 540
(“ _Skandinaviska (CA)_ ”)) at [80]) that:

(a)

a representation had been made to the plaintiff that MAL had authority to
enter (on behalf of the defendant) into the Fixed Price Contracts and the
Navig8 Faith Contract;

(b)

such a representation had been made by a person or persons who had “actual”
authority to manage the defendant’s business either generally or in respect of
those matters to which the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract
related; and

(c)

the plaintiff had been induced by such representation to enter into the
contract, _ie_ , that the plaintiff in fact relied upon it.

Mr Gurbani for the defendant submitted that none of these requirements had
been satisfied, while Mr Leong for the plaintiff sought to persuade me that
they had.

(1) Representation

52 In relation to the first requirement, Mr Leong submitted that the requisite
representation had been express and could also be implied from the defendant’s
conduct.

(A) Express representation

53 With regard to the submission that there had been express representation
that MAL was the defendant’s agent, Mr Leong relied on a number of affidavits
in support of this contention:

(a) Mr Middleton deposed in his affidavit that on or about 22 May 2006, an
employee from the defendant’s Bunker Unit (whose name Mr Middleton could not
recall) told him that MAL was the defendant’s bunker broker, and directed him
to contact MAL to discuss the defendant’s bunker requirements.[note: 14] Mr
Middleton did so and within three days Compass Marine and MAL successfully
negotiated a bunker supply contract between the defendant and Compass Marine’s
customer.[note: 15] As a result of other such transactions concluded between
MAL and Compass Marine since then, Compass Marine formed the belief that MAL
must have been “very close to”, and “acted exclusively for”, the
defendant.[note: 16]

(b) Mr Yahya, in his affidavit dated 25 February 2010, confirmed that MAL had
fixed bunker deals on behalf of the defendant, and that everyone in the bunker
industry knew that MAL was acting “on behalf of” the defendant.[note: 17]

(c) Mr Lars Nielsen, the Managing Director of Brilliant Maritime Services
(“BMS”), a firm of bunker traders and brokers, filed an affidavit deposing
that, in or around September 2008, an employee in the defendant’s Bunker Unit
named “Khairul” told one of his staff that MAL was the defendant’s bunker
broker, and directed BMS to contact MAL to discuss the defendant’s bunker
requirements.[note: 18] Like Mr Middleton, Mr Nielsen understood this to mean
that the defendant had appointed MAL as the defendant’s broker or exclusive
buying agent.[note: 19]

(d) Mr Grant Foulger, an employee of OceanConnect, filed an affidavit deposing
that in or around November 2005, he was contacted by a representative of MAL,
who advised him that MAL was acting as the defendant’s broker, and asked
OceanConnect to submit a quote for the supply of bunkers to one of the
defendant’s vessels.[note: 20] In respect of that transaction, OceanConnect
and MAL shared a brokerage commission,[note: 21] and this arrangement
continued up to December 2008, with OceanConnect and MAL sharing brokerage
fees as co-brokers.[note: 22] It was not in dispute that OceanConnect and MAL
shared a brokerage commission in respect of the supply of bunkers to the _MT
Navig8 Faith_.

54 There were several fundamental problems with the allegations in these
affidavits. First, Mr Middleton’s affidavit was contradicted by an affidavit
filed on behalf of the defendant by Mr Shahrol Azam Bin Shaharum,[note: 23]
who was the defendant’s Manager of Bunker Operations and Management. In his
affidavit, Mr Shaharum stated that no one in the defendant’s Bunker Section
recalled having conversations of the sort alleged by Mr Middleton.[note: 24]
There was some doubt, therefore, as to whether or not the alleged
representations had been made at all. In this regard, it was noted (see [60]
of the learned AR’s grounds of decision) that Compass Marine might have had a
vested interest in asserting that MAL was the defendant’s agent, for, if the
truth were otherwise, Compass Marine would potentially be liable to the
plaintiff in negligence in having misrepresented that the plaintiff’s
contractual buyer was the defendant when it was in fact MAL.

55 Second, Mr Yahya’s affidavit was not at all persuasive, and I placed little
weight on it. For instance, there was a glaring omission in his affidavit that
MAL acted as agent for the defendant specifically in respect of the _Fixed
Price Contracts_ and the _Navig8 Faith Contract_ , which omission was clearly
deliberate because MAL had confirmed elsewhere that it was the defendant’s
contractual seller. Firstly, in a previous Declaration, sworn on 5 December
2008 intended for the purposes of the US proceedings,[note: 25] Mr Yahya had
clearly described the relationship between MAL and the defendant as that of
contractual buyer and seller. Although the Declaration was not subsequently
needed for the US Proceedings, the fact remained that Mr Yahya’s signed
statement acknowledged the six-month contract between MAL and the defendant
for the supply of 138,000 metric tonnes of bunkers to the defendant (_ie_ ,
the BFPA). Secondly, in legal proceedings which MAL had instituted against
Affin Bank Berhad (“Affin Bank”) (a Malaysian Bank) on 30 March 2009 in
Malaysia for its failure to extend sufficient credit facilities to MAL (the
“Malaysian proceedings”), the thrust of MAL’s case was that it had contracted
with the defendant, that the plaintiff was one of MAL’s suppliers, and that it
was on account of Affin Bank’s failure to extend sufficient credit facilities
that MAL could not pay its suppliers. MAL pleaded its business model in its
statement of claim, stating that with the promised credit facilities it
would:[note: 26]

… enter into a _short term periodic contract_ for the sale of Bunkers to MISC
[the defendant in the present action] at a certain and fixed price, before
sourcing and securing the required quantity of Bunkers at a lower price from
the open market in order to profit from the sale. [emphasis added]

Furthermore, MAL pleaded that Affin Bank had also agreed but failed to provide
MAL with fresh and/or enhanced facilities to bridge price differences due to
price fluctuations when bunkers were bought by MAL at prices higher than the
fixed price MAL had agreed to sell to the defendant. Consequently, MAL was not
able to meet its payment obligations to its suppliers.[note: 27] In other
words, the position that MAL had taken in the Malaysian proceedings was
entirely inconsistent with what Mr Yahya was now insinuating in his affidavit,
as well as with the plaintiff’s version of events (but, I might add, quite
consistent with the defendant’s allegations).

56 Thirdly, and in my view most importantly, Mr Yahya also did not explain a
letter of 18 November 2008 from MAL to the defendant[note: 28] appealing to
the latter to award MAL “a new _fixed term supply contract_ ” [emphasis
added]. As the learned AR concluded, this was not a letter that would have
been written by a party who took the view that it was only acting as an agent
purchasing bunkers on behalf of its principal. Interestingly, MAL in this
letter to the defendant actually referred to MAL having “secured a six (6)
months supply of 138,000 MT… contract to [the defendant] at a fixed price
USD475.00/MT at a total award price of USD 65,550,000.00 (**“the Contract”**)”
[original emphasis].[note: 29] Throughout the letter, MAL made repeated
references to “the Contract”, and from what MAL was saying to the defendant,
there was never any doubt of a purely contractual relationship between MAL and
the defendant (_ie_ , the defendant’s version of events) rather than an agency
relationship (which was the plaintiff’s submission).

57 Third, Mr Nielsen’s affidavit evidence was irrelevant because, at the
hearing, Mr Leong conceded that he was not relying on Mr Nielsen’s affidavit,
as it deposed to an incident which occurred _after_ the Fixed Price Contracts
and the Navig8 Faith Contract had allegedly been concluded. In any case, it
was difficult to see how Mr Nielsen’s evidence could be regarded as a
representation _to the plaintiff_ that MAL had authority from the defendant to
enter the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract, when BMS was
not involved at all in those transactions.

58 Finally, none of the affidavits actually stated that there was a
representation that MAL had authority to enter (on behalf of the defendant)
into, specifically, the _Fixed Price Contracts_ and the _Navig8 Faith
Contract_ , as opposed to some other transaction. It has already been noted
that the alleged representation to Mr Nielsen took place in September 2008,
after the Fixed Price Contracts had been concluded in July 2008 (see [57]
above), but I should also point out that the alleged representations to Mr
Middleton and Mr Foulger took place in 2006 and 2005 respectively, long before
the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract were allegedly
concluded in July 2008 and September 2008. The plaintiff sought to meet this
latter difficulty by submitting that the alleged representations, once made,
were deemed to continue until retracted by the representor and the fact of
retraction communicated to the representee. On this argument, the alleged
representations in 2006 and 2005 therefore continued to remain operative in
July and September 2008, because they had never been retracted by the
defendant. Although Sean Wilken, _Wilken and Villiers: The Law of Waiver,
Variation and Estoppel_ (Oxford University Press, 2nd Ed, 2002), para [9.57],
was cited in support of this contention, the learned author of that work
provided no authority for this broad proposition. The proposition was stated
more narrowly (and, in my view, correctly) in K R Handley, _Spencer Bower,
Turner and Handley: Actionable Misrepresentation_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2000)
at para 61:

A representation having been made _for the purpose of an intended transaction_
will normally be regarded as continuing until the transaction is entered into
or completed, unless varied or withdrawn in the meantime. [emphasis added]

The case of _Director of Public Prosecutions v Ray_ [1974] 1 AC 370 was cited
as authority for this proposition, and it was clear from that decision that
the House of Lords, when referring to “continuing representations”, meant only
to refer to a representation made _for the purpose of a particular
transaction_. It was impossible, therefore, to link the alleged
representations in 2006 and 2005, which, even if made, would have related to
completely different transactions, to the Fixed Price Contracts and Navig8
Faith Contract in 2008.

59 In the face of all these difficulties, the plaintiff’s case in contract,
insofar as it rested on ostensible authority based on an _express_
representation, was bound to fail. It was therefore necessary to consider
whether the necessary representation could be made out on the basis of an
_implied_ representation, in that the defendant knew or ought to have known
that MAL had been representing itself to the bunker industry as the
defendant’s agent, but took no steps to correct this view and/or acquiesced in
MAL’s actions.

(B) Implied representation

60 In support of its contention that the defendant knew or ought to have known
that bunker suppliers and traders (such as the plaintiff) were under the
impression that MAL was the defendant’s broker or agent, the plaintiff relied
on a number of documents and allegations contained in various affidavits:

(a) It was alleged by Mr Yahya that MAL would not have been able to procure
the supply of bunkers on such favourable credit terms if it was purchasing as
contractual principal.[note: 30] However, that this allegation was contained
in Mr Yahya’s affidavit, in my opinion, seriously weakened its evidential
value (see [55] above).

(b) According to Messrs Middleton and Nielsen, MAL had no reputation in the
bunker industry and was a “nobody” if not for the fact that it was or was
believed to be the defendant’s bunker broker.[note: 31] In addition, according
to Mr Yahya, about 90 to 95% of the defendant’s bunker requirements were met
through MAL, so much so that Mr Leong submitted that the defendant was the
only “customer” of MAL. These assertions, however, foundered upon Mr Foulger’s
clear evidence that between February 2007 and December 2008, OceanConnect and
MAL engaged in “more than 540 separate bunker transactions”, and that, since
the inception of OceanConnect’s course of dealing with MAL (apparently in
November 2005), “more than 120” bunker transactions involved the
defendant.[note: 32] If so, then between February 2007 and December 2008 alone
there were at least 420 transactions in which OceanConnect was prepared to
deal with MAL when the defendant was not involved. It was hard to see how it
could be said that MAL was a “nobody”, or that the defendant was its only
customer, in light of the plaintiff’s own evidence.

(c) It was stated by Mrs Choong-Ong that when the plaintiff, pursuant to the
Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract, supplied the bunkers in
question to the defendant’s vessels, the plaintiff would liaise directly with
the defendant’s local agents in Singapore, MISC (Singapore) Pte Ltd, to
coordinate the bunkering operations, and that MAL was never involved in the
bunkering operations.[note: 33] Mrs Choong-Ong considered this to be
“consistent with [MAL’s] role as a broker (as opposed to a contractual
seller)”.[note: 34] However, Mrs Choong-Ong’s assertions concerned operational
rather than transactional matters, and since the Fixed Price Contracts and the
Navig8 Faith Contract were to be performed in Singapore, it was not clear why
the fact that the defendant’s Singapore-based agent and subsidiary (rather
than the Malaysia-based MAL) was coordinating the bunkering operations
necessarily had to raise any eyebrows.

(d) The plaintiff also relied on the fact that, on 5 November 2008, when the
plaintiff first sent a written demand for payment, the defendant did not deny
liability but simply forwarded the demand to MAL.[note: 35] This was true, but
what had actually happened was that, in forwarding the e-mail to MAL, the
defendant had also added the terse message “[please] check whether this is
[your] supplier”, which was, as the learned AR held (at [75] of his grounds of
decision):

… perfectly consistent with [the defendant’s] position that the plaintiff was
MAL’s contractual supplier, not the defendant’s. If anything, the brevity of
the defendant’s response was indicative of its view that it clearly had
nothing to do with the actual procurement of the bunker supplies, a matter
solely between MAL and its contractual suppliers.

This was reinforced by MAL’s equally brief reply to the defendant that “we
[MAL] will check immediately”.

(e) The plaintiff also pointed to the defendant’s offer of a corporate
guarantee on 2 December 2008, after the plaintiff had attached the defendant’s
vessel the _Bunga Kasturi Lima_ in California (see [11] above), as an
admission of liability, contending that there was no reason why a large,
publicly-listed company like the defendant would offer to pay if it was not in
fact liable for the outstanding amounts. The problem for the plaintiff,
however, was that, as the learned AR noted (at [72] of his grounds of
decision), inherent in the very notion of a guarantee was the provision of
security for _another party’s liability_ , and that the wording of the
corporate guarantee made it clear that it was to guarantee the outstanding sum
due and owing to the plaintiff _from MAL_.[note: 36] In addition, the
defendant explained that the corporate guarantee would have been much less
costly for the defendant than the continued attachment of the _Bunga Kasturi
Lima_ , as the vessel was worth far more than the plaintiff’s claim.

It was therefore hard to understand how any of the above points could
convincingly be seen as some sort of implied representation from the
defendant’s conduct that MAL was the defendant’s agent.

(2) Representation by person with “actual” authority

61 The plaintiff’s claim based on agency by estoppel was unsustainable also
because there was no real evidence that any representation, even assuming one
had been made, emanated from a person with “actual” authority. The alleged
representation to Mr Foulger was made by MAL, and not the defendant’s
authorised representative, and it was trite that an agent could not clothe
himself with authority via his own representations (see _Skandinaviska (CA)_
at [38]), while Mr Middleton could not remember the name of the defendant’s
employee he allegedly spoke to, much less whether that employee was authorised
to make the alleged representations. Above all, Mr Yahya did not identify
anyone from the defendant who had made the alleged representation.

(3) Inducement

62 Finally, the plaintiff relied on a number of matters dating from November
and December 2008 (_eg_ , the defendant’s reaction to the plaintiff’s demand
and the defendant’s offer of a corporate guarantee (see [60(d)] and [60(e)]
above)) to buttress its case of an alleged “industry-wide belief” that MAL was
purchasing bunkers in the name of the defendant as the latter’s broker or
agent. However, all these matters post-dated the conclusion and performance of
the Fixed Price Contracts and the Navig8 Faith Contract, so it was impossible
for them to be indicative of any sort of implied representation by conduct
which was relied upon by the plaintiff or which induced it to enter the
transactions in question.

Conclusion on the plaintiff’s claim in contract

63 On the evidence before me, the plaintiff’s case that there was a
contractual relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant (established
through the agency of MAL) for the sale of the bunkers was therefore plainly
unsustainable and ought not to be allowed to proceed to a full trial.

64 Consequently, I struck out the plaintiff’s action (insofar as it was based
on a claim or cause of action in contract) pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC.

The plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment

65 The plaintiff also framed its claim in unjust enrichment, as an alternative
to its claim in contract (_ie_ , assuming there was no contractual
relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant), on the basis that the
defendant had been unjustly enriched at the plaintiff’s expense because the
defendant had, with knowledge of and/or having induced the plaintiff’s
mistaken belief that there was a binding contract between the plaintiff and
the defendant, accepted and used the bunkers but had not paid the plaintiff.
It followed that once I accepted that the bunkers were supplied to the
defendant by MAL under the BFPA and the Market Price Contracts (which I did),
the plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment was misconceived, since, even if
the defendant could be said to have been enriched by its receipt of the
bunkers at the expense of the plaintiff, it would not have been unjust for the
defendant to retain the benefit of the bunkers (a necessary element in making
out a claim in unjust enrichment (see Lord Goff of Chieveley and Gareth Jones,
_Goff and Jones: The Law of Restitution_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 7th ed, 2007) (“
_Goff and Jones_ ”) at para 1-016)). First of all, there was no “unjust
factor” to speak of: the bunkers had not been supplied by the plaintiff under
a failure of consideration, mistake _etc_. Second, by contracting with MAL,
the plaintiff took on all the risks that that entailed, including the risk
that it would not be paid (or paid fully) by MAL, and the law of unjust
enrichment could not, save in the most exceptional of circumstances (which
were not present here), be used to undermine the parties’ contractual
arrangements and redistribute the risk which had already been expressly
allocated under the contract, so as to allow a party who had made a bad
bargain (such as the plaintiff) to impose liability on a stranger to the
contract (such as the defendant) (see _Pan Ocean Shipping Co Ltd v Creditcorp
Ltd_ [1994] 1 WLR 161 at 166 (_per_ Lord Goff) and _Costello & Anor v
MacDonald & Ors_ [2011] EWCA Civ 930).

66 In addition, the defendant could also rely on the defence of change of
position, in relation to which the learned AR concluded (see [81]–[86] of his
grounds of decision) that the evidence clearly showed that the defendant had
_bona fide_ changed its position following its receipt of the bunkers. The
defence of change of position was accepted by the Court of Appeal in _Seagate
Technology Pte Ltd and another v Goh Han Kim_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 836 at [31] and
confirmed in _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 473 v De Beers
Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 418 at [35], and it required that:

(a)

the person enriched had changed his position;

(b)

the change was _bona fide_ ; and

(c)

it would be inequitable to require the person enriched to make restitution or
to make restitution in full.

The defendant had changed its position by expending the bunkers, and paying a
substantial sum of money to MAL in full settlement of the defendant’s
contractual obligation to MAL under the BFPA. All of this was done _bona fide_
, and it would be inequitable to require the defendant to make restitution,
for the defendant would otherwise be exposed to double liability: once to MAL
and again to the plaintiff (see _Yaku Shin (JB) Sdn Bhd v Panasonic AVC
Networks Singapore Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 193 at [82]).

67 Further, insofar as the principle that restitution would not be ordered if
_restitutio in integrum_ was not possible was distinct from the defence of
change of position (see _Goff and Jones_ at para 1-084), that too stood in the
way of the plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment.

68 Consequently, the plaintiff’s claim in unjust enrichment was doomed to
suffer the same fate as its claim in contract, in that it had to be struck out
pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC as being completely unsustainable.

Issue estoppel

69 The defendant submitted that the plaintiff’s claims in contract and unjust
enrichment had been determined by the US proceedings, and that the plaintiff
was therefore estopped from litigating the same issues before the Singapore
courts, with the result that the plaintiff’s action had to be struck out
pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC as being frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of
process.

70 In order to establish issue estoppel, it was necessary that (see _The
Vasiliy Golovnin_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 277 (“ _The Vasiliy Golovnin (HC)_ ”) at
[38]; _D s V Silo-Und Verwaltungsgesellschaft mbH v Owners of The Sennar and
13 Other Ships_ [1985] 1 WLR 490 (“ _The Sennar (No 2)_ ”) at 499 (_per_ Lord
Brandon of Oakbrook)):

(a)

the judgment in the earlier proceedings being relied on as creating an
estoppel must have been given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction;

(b)

the judgment must have been final and conclusive on the merits;

(c)

there must have been identity of parties in the two sets of proceedings; and

(d)

there must have been identity of subject matter, _ie_ , the issue decided by
the foreign court must have been the same as that arising in the proceedings
at hand.

As the parties accepted that all the other requirements (_viz_ , (a), (c) and
(d)) were satisfied, the dispute before me was focused on whether or not the
US proceedings resulted in a judgment that was “final and conclusive on the
merits”. In _The Vasiliy Golovnin (HC)_ , Tan Lee Meng J held (at [42]) that
“[f]or a judgment to be conclusive and final, it must be one that cannot be
reopened by the court that pronounced it”, and endorsed (at [40]) the
following comment by Lord Brandon in _The Sennar (No 2)_ (at 499):

Looking at the matter negatively a decision on procedure alone is not a
decision on the merits. Looking at the matter positively _a decision on the
merits is a decision which establishes certain facts as proved or not in
dispute; states what are the relevant principles of law applicable to such
facts; and expresses a conclusion with regard to the effect of applying those
principles to the factual situation concerned_. [emphasis added]

71 The defendant argued that the US proceedings had indeed resulted in a
“final and conclusive” judgment “on the merits” because, in order to obtain a
Rule B attachment order, a claimant would have to satisfy the court that it
had a _prima facie_ maritime claim against the defendant. Given that the
California District Court had, after considering the evidence and arguments of
both parties, held that the plaintiff had failed to establish such a _prima
facie_ case for breach of contract and unjust enrichment and vacated the Rule
B attachment order (a decision which was upheld by the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals (see [12] above)), the defendant submitted that those decisions were
clearly judgments which were final and conclusive on the merits.

72 I did not accept this submission for the simple reason that the US
proceedings were only concerned with whether or not the Rule B attachment
order was to be vacated, and it was open to the courts in the United States to
reach a different view on the same issues at the subsequent stage of
considering the actual motion to dismiss the Verified Complaint (albeit the
motion was subsequently withdrawn (see [12] above)). This was clear from the
judgment of District Judge Valerie Baker Fairbank in the California District
Court:[note: 37]

After considering your arguments and the evidence filed today, the court’s
tentative [_sic_] will be the order of court. _At this time_ , the court finds
based upon the evidence before the court… that the plaintiff failed to meet
its burden of showing a prima facie admiralty claim against the defendant. As
I indicated in my tentative remarks, the -- neither the verified complaint nor
the evidence before the court shows a contract between the plaintiff and the
defendant and grounds for a breach of contract claim.

…

Similarly, the court finds that the plaintiff did not meet its burden with
respect to the quantum meruit cause of action. _I recognize that_ [the]
_plaintiff is not required to prove its case at this time, and my rulings only
pertain to this hearing_.

[emphasis added]

73 In its appellate brief before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, the
defendant itself had accepted that the decision of the California District
Court was not final and conclusive on the merits:[note: 38]

… the District Court expressly recognised that the… hearing [to vacate the
Rule B attachment order] was not for a final determination of the merits of
[the plaintiff’s] underlying claim, and the Court did not purport to make such
a final determination…

74 Consequently, in my view, the US proceedings did not result in a judgment
which was final and conclusive on the merits, and as such were not capable of
giving rise to an estoppel. I therefore upheld the learned AR’s refusal to
strike out the plaintiff’s action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC on the basis of
issue estoppel.

Conclusion on striking out

75 For the foregoing reasons, I upheld the AR’s decision to strike out the
plaintiff’s claim under O 18 r 19 of the ROC on the basis that the plaintiff’s
action was plainly and obviously unsustainable.

My decision under O 12 r 7 of the ROC

76 I now turn to the jurisdictional aspect of the defendant’s application,
_viz_ , a prayer that the action be set aside on the basis that the admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court under the HCAJA had been improperly and/or
invalidly invoked by the plaintiff (see [13(b)] above). Although the defendant
did not specify which provision of the ROC it was relying on for this prayer,
as a challenge to the court’s jurisdiction, clearly it would have had to have
been based on O 12 r 7 of the ROC. As I have stated (see [15] above), the
learned AR granted an order in terms of this prayer as well, albeit using
somewhat ambiguous language, being that of “striking out” rather than “setting
aside” (see my discussion at [23]–[32] above regarding the difference between
the two).

77 I did not agree with the learned AR’s decision to set aside the writ _in
rem_ under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, which was based on the notion that, following
some of the Court of Appeal’s remarks in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ , in
order to invoke admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , apart from satisfying the
relevant provisions of the HCAJA, there was also an _independent_ requirement
that a plaintiff show an appropriately strong case on the merits, to the
standard of a “good arguable case”, and that, as the plaintiff had failed to
do so (for the very same reasons the learned AR struck out the plaintiff’s
action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC), the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the
court was not properly invoked.

78 I propose to structure this part of my grounds of decision as follows, by
explaining:

(a)

the requirements for establishing jurisdiction under s 4(4) of the HCAJA; and

(b)

what I consider to be the proper interpretation of the Court of Appeal’s
comments in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_.

Requirements for establishing jurisdiction under s 4(4) of the HCAJA

Introduction

79 When a defendant challenges the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the
court pursuant to O 12 r 7 of the ROC, he is essentially arguing that the
plaintiff’s claim does not fall within the relevant provisions of the HCAJA,
which, for the purposes of this case, I regarded as being s 4(4) (although I
may refer more generally to ss 3 and 4 of the HCAJA for illustration
purposes). The heading “[m]ode of exercise of admiralty jurisdiction” appears
in s 4 of the HCAJA, but this should not be taken to mean that s 4 is merely
about the _exercise_ of jurisdiction, for it is well-established that the
section also relates to the _existence_ of jurisdiction (see _The Ocean Jade_
[1991] 1 SLR(R) 354 at [19] and [20]).

80 In such a jurisdictional challenge by the defendant under O 12 r 7 of the
ROC, the onus is on the plaintiff to establish jurisdiction (_The Aventicum_
[1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 184 at 186; _The Andres Bonifacio_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 523 at
[19] (appealed on a different point and upheld at [1993] 3 SLR(R) 71); _The
Temasek Eagle_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 647 at [13] and [15]; _Vostok Shipping Co Ltd v
Confederation Ltd_ [2000] 1 NZLR 37 (“ _Vostok Shipping_ ”) at [19]; _The
Catur Samudra_ [2010] 2 SLR 518 at [23]), and he does so by demonstrating that
his claim falls within s 4(4).

81 It is helpful to separate s 4(4) of the HCAJA into its constituent parts in
order to ascertain what it requires of a plaintiff. Under s 4(4), the
plaintiff must:

(1)

show that he has a claim under s 3(1)(_d_) to (_q_);

(2)

show that the claim arises in connection with a ship;

(3)

identify the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in
personam_ (_ie_ , the “relevant person”);

(4)

show that the relevant person was, when the cause of action arose, the owner
or charterer of, or in possession or in control of, the ship; and

(5)

show that the relevant person was, at the time when the action was brought,
either:

(a)

the beneficial owner of the offending ship as respects all the shares in it or
the charterer of that ship under a demise charter; or

(b)

the beneficial owner of the sister ship as respects all the shares in it.

I will refer to these requirements as “step (1)” or “step (2)” _etc_ of s 4(4)
of the HCAJA.

82 At this juncture, I should reiterate my view (see [30]–[32] above) that,
when a court is adjudicating a jurisdictional dispute under O 12 r 7 of the
ROC, it is generally only concerned with _jurisdictional matters_ , _ie_ ,
jurisdictional facts or jurisdictional questions of law. Non-jurisdictional
facts or questions of law are matters going towards the merits of the dispute
(_ie_ , the strength of the plaintiff’s case, or, what amounts to the same
thing, the defendant’s liability), which are usually dealt with at trial or
under O 18 r 19 of the ROC, with one ostensible anomaly which I discuss below
(at [117]–[138]).

Step (1) of s 4(4): jurisdictional facts to be proved on a balance of
probabilities, and jurisdictional questions of law to be shown on a good
arguable case

83 As a matter of principle, in the absence of statutory language dictating
otherwise, jurisdictional facts have to be proved by the plaintiff on the
normal civil standard of proof, _ie_ , on _a balance of probabilities_ , and
this was supported by a great deal of authority where steps (2), (4) and (5)
of s 4(4) of the HCAJA were concerned, which I will come to in due course (see
[99]–[107] below). Insofar as step (1) of s 4(4) required jurisdictional facts
to be established, the full bench of the High Court of Australia made it plain
that the standard of proof was that of a balance of probabilities (see _The
Owners of the Ship “Shin Kobe Maru” v Empire Shipping Company Inc_ (1994) 181
CLR 404 (“ _Shin Kobe Maru”_)), as did the New Zealand Court of Appeal (see
_Baltic Shipping Co Ltd v Pegasus Lines SA_ [1996] 3 NZLR 641 (“ _Baltic
Shipping_ ”) and _Vostok Shipping_). I should add that the relevant provisions
of the Admiralty Act 1988 (Act No 34 of 1988) (Cth) (the “Admiralty Act 1988”)
and Admiralty Act 1973 (Public Act 1973 No 119) (NZ), which were the subject
of consideration in those cases, were in all material respects identical to
the corresponding provisions of the HCAJA.

84 The learned AR appeared to suggest (at [19] of his grounds of decision),
however, that under s 3(1) of the HCAJA (which necessarily includes step (1)
of s 4(4)), a plaintiff only had to show jurisdictional facts to the standard
of a _good arguable case_. The learned AR drew an analogy with O 11 r 1 of the
ROC, where it was well-established that the standard of proof to be discharged
by a plaintiff, when proving his version of the facts, was that of a “good
arguable case” (_Seaconsar Far East Ltd v Bank Markazi Jomhouri Islami Iran_
[1994] 1 AC 438 (“ _Seaconsar_ ”); _Bradley Lomas Electrolok Ltd and another v
Colt Ventilation East Asia Pte Ltd and others_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1156).

85 However, I was of the view that the analogy was unsafe, because, as Robert
Goff J (later Lord Goff of Chieveley) pointed out in _I Congreso del Partido_
(at 536), the standard of proof required under Ord 11 of the Rules of the
Supreme Court (SI 1965/1776) (“RSC”) (the equivalent of O 11 of the ROC) was
expressly provided for in RSC, Ord 11, r 4(2) (see also O 11 r 2(2) of the
ROC), _ie_ , it had to be “made _sufficiently to appear_ to the Court that the
case is a proper one for service out of [jurisdiction] under this Order”
[emphasis added]. Indeed, that was the very basis on which the House of Lords
in _Vitkovice Horni a Hutni Tezirstvo v Korner_ [1951] 1 AC 869 (“ _Vitkovice_
”) decided that a plaintiff was not required to satisfy the court on the
normal civil standard of proof of jurisdictional facts (_ie_ , on a balance of
probabilities) under RSC, Ord 11, r 1(1) (_per_ Lord Simonds at 879, Lord
Radcliffe at 883 and Lord Tucker at 890), a decision which was confirmed in
_Seaconsar_ (where the House of Lords finally settled on the phrase “good
arguable case” as expressive of the requisite standard) by none other than
Lord Goff (at 453).

86 Step (1) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA contained no language similar to that of O
11 r 2(2), and in the absence of such language, there seemed to me no good
reason not to hold a plaintiff to the normal civil standard of proof as far as
proving jurisdictional facts was concerned. Incidentally, in _Empire Shipping
Co Inc v Owners of the Ship “Shin Kobe Maru”_ [1991] 104 ALR 489, Gummow J,
like the learned AR in this case, drew an analogy with the cases on service
out of jurisdiction (such as _Vitkovice_) in deciding (at 493–494), on a
defendant’s challenge to the court’s jurisdiction _in rem_ under s 4(2) of the
Admiralty Act 1988 (the Australian equivalent of s 3(1) of the HCAJA), that
the plaintiff was only required to show a “strong argument” that the court had
jurisdiction, but it was in my view significant that Gummow J’s approach was
ultimately not endorsed by the High Court of Australia in _Shin Kobe Maru_ ;
instead, the High Court affirmed that, for the purposes of s 4(2) of the
Admiralty Act 1988 (corresponding to s 3(1) of the HCAJA and therefore step
(1) of s 4(4)), jurisdictional facts had to be proved on a balance of
probabilities. As a practical matter, it could of course be said (as it was by
the learned AR in his grounds of decision) that at such a preliminary stage of
the action, in the absence of discovery and cross-examination of witnesses, it
would be inappropriate to insist on a standard of proof normally applicable to
full trials. However, that was not a principled way of dealing with the point
that when the court’s entire jurisdiction to adjudicate the action rested upon
a disputed question of (jurisdictional) fact, that question of fact had to be
resolved once and for all, using a standard of proof that was consistent with
that used for proof of facts in general (in the absence of statutory language
stating otherwise). Further, such pragmatic objections have not convinced
courts in admiralty cases to abandon the standard of a balance of
probabilities where proving _jurisdictional facts_ was concerned (_I Congreso
del Partido_ at 535–536; _The Aventicum_ at 186 and 190; and _Vostok Shipping_
at [21]).

87 However, where the jurisdictional dispute concerned a _jurisdictional
question of law_ , it was inapposite to speak of a “balance of probabilities”,
since questions of law cannot be “proved” in any meaningful sense. Therefore,
where the relevant limb of s 3(1) of the HCAJA (in step (1) of s 4(4)) does
not require jurisdictional facts to be established, but only requires the
plaintiff to demonstrate that his claim is of a particular legal character,
then this is a pure question of law which cannot be proved on a balance of
probabilities, but only has to be shown to the standard of a “good arguable
case”.

88 This was what I considered to be the true interpretation of the Court of
Appeal’s statements in _The Jarguh Sawit_ (at [43]) and _The Vasiliy Golovnin
(CA)_ (at [52]) that, where the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ was
disputed by the defendant, all the plaintiff was required to show was a “good
arguable case” that his claim fell within s 3(1) of the HCAJA.

89 In _The Jarguh Sawit_ , pursuant to a memorandum of agreement, the
respondent (“NMB”) agreed to sell the vessel _Jarguh Sawit_ to a buyer, OJI.
The vessel was to be sold as a Lloyd’s Register Class vessel, and NMB advanced
a loan to OJI for 90% of the purchase price, secured by a mortgage over the
vessel. NMB failed to deliver the vessel as a Lloyd’s Register Class vessel,
and as a result the mortgage could not be registered. After some developments,
NMB considered the loan due and payable in full, but by then OJI had
transferred ownership of the vessel to the appellant, JH. NMB then commenced
an action _in rem_ pursuant to ss 3(1)(_c_) and 4(2) of the HCAJA and arrested
the vessel, which JH applied to set aside on the basis that jurisdiction had
been wrongly invoked as JH was not liable _in personam_ on NMB’s claim, the
mortgage having been agreed between NMB and OJI, not NMB and JH. Essentially,
JH’s submission on jurisdiction was that ss 3(1)(_c_) and 4(2) of the HCAJA
had to be interpreted as conferring admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ on the
court only when the owner of the ship referred to in those sections was the
person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_.
Understandably, this novel argument was rejected by Rubin J (reported at
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 913) in a decision upheld by the Court of Appeal in Civil
Appeal No 122 of 1995. Subsequently, JH filed a defence and counterclaim
utilising the same objections to jurisdiction which had been rejected by Rubin
J, and NMB applied to strike out the offending paragraphs, which application
was granted by the AR and the High Court (reported at [1997] 1 SLR(R) 213),
and which was the subject of the appeal in _The Jarguh Sawit_.

90 M Karthigesu JA writing for the Court of Appeal drew a clear distinction
between adjudication on questions of jurisdiction and on substantive questions
of liability or merits. At [30], the Court of Appeal held that:

… whether or not a court has jurisdiction is, of necessity, a question
logically prior to the substantive dispute of the parties. Unless and until a
court is properly seized, it cannot adjudicate on the matter.

As the question of jurisdiction had been settled in the earlier proceedings
before Rubin J, the Court of Appeal held that the matter was _res judicata_ ,
and that JH was not permitted to re-use its failed objections to jurisdiction
as part of its substantive defence, for “the question of jurisdiction is a
procedural issue, [and] it follows that it is not within the proper province
of a hearing on substantive issues, _ie_ at the trial stage” (at [33]).

91 Counsel for JH then advanced an argument to the effect that the question of
jurisdiction was to be determined twice: once at the interlocutory stage,
where the plaintiff had to prove an arguable case, and again at the merits
stage (_ie_ , the trial) where the plaintiff had to prove its case on a
balance of probabilities.

92 This was rejected by the Court of Appeal, on the ground that counsel had
confused the issues of jurisdiction and substantive liability, and it was in
this context that the Court of Appeal stated (at [43]) that:

_In a hearing of an application to dispute jurisdiction, the plaintiff need
only show that he has a good arguable case that his cause of action falls
within one of the categories of s 3(1)_ , in this case, ground (c). [emphasis
added]

93 Strictly speaking, the Court of Appeal in _The Jarguh Sawit_ was not called
upon to decide the standard of proof applicable in a challenge to the court’s
jurisdiction under s 3(1) of the HCAJA; a jurisdictional challenge was not
being mounted (unlike in the earlier proceedings before Rubin J) and the
passage cited above merely represented the Court of Appeal’s response to
counsel’s argument that the question of jurisdiction ought to be litigated
twice. In addition, it was not entirely clear from the Court of Appeal’s
judgment what authority established the proposition that the standard of proof
under s 3(1) was that of a “good arguable case”. However, _The Jarguh Sawit_
has long been understood as laying down the requisite standard of proof a
plaintiff must satisfy under s 3(1) of the HCAJA (see for instance Toh Kian
Sing, SC, _Admiralty Law and Practice_ (LexisNexis, 2nd ed, 2007) (“
_Admiralty Law and Practice_ ”) at p 46), even when required to prove
jurisdictional facts.

94 It seemed to me unlikely, however, that the Court of Appeal intended, in a
judgment where the point was not really even in issue, to disrupt the settled
approach throughout the Commonwealth (see [83] above) and in Singapore (see
[99]–[103] below) in relation to the standard of proof of jurisdictional facts
by substituting the standard of “good arguable case” for that of “balance of
probabilities”.

95 I considered, therefore, that the Court of Appeal’s statements in _The
Jarguh Sawit_ , properly understood, only meant that where a defendant
challenged (via O 12 r 7 of the ROC) the plaintiff’s invocation of the court’s
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ under one of the limbs of s 3(1) of the HCAJA,
the plaintiff was only required to show a “good arguable case” that his claim,
properly characterised and categorised, had the _legal character_ required by
the relevant limb of s 3(1) (see _The Indriani_ at [15]–[17] where the Court
of Appeal appears to have adopted such an approach). In other words, _The
Jarguh Sawit_ stood for the proposition that, under step (1) of s 4(4), the
plaintiff was required to show a “good arguable case” as to _jurisdictional
questions of law_. This interpretation was supported by the Court of Appeal’s
statement (at [41]) that, when deciding whether it had jurisdiction, the
question the court had to ask itself was whether there was a “good arguable
case _based on a ship’s mortgage_ ” [emphasis added]. The Court of Appeal’s
statement (at [43]) (see [92] above) also lent itself to this view, for
whether a cause of action “falls within one of the categories of s 3(1)” is a
question of characterisation and categorisation, and therefore a question of
law. This was also how _The Jarguh Sawit_ has been understood in Dr Damien J
Cremean, _Admiralty Jurisdiction: Law and Practice in Australia, New Zealand,
Singapore and Hong Kong_ (The Federation Press, 3rd ed, 2008) at p 126,
although, as the learned author noted, the point was not entirely free from
doubt, as there was some difficulty reconciling this with the idea that
questions of law are not really amenable to proof (see [87] above), and hence
standards of proof (_Shin Kobe Maru_ and _Baltic Shipping_), even that of a
“good arguable case” (_E F Hutton & Co (London) Ltd v Mofarrij_ [1989] 1 WLR
488 at 495 (_per_ Kerr LJ, albeit in the context of RSC, Ord 11)).

96 Therefore, if, on a jurisdictional dispute under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, step
(1) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA was in issue, the plaintiff would be required to
either prove a jurisdictional fact on a balance of probabilities, or show a
good arguable case as to a jurisdictional question of law, depending on what
it was the defendant was challenging.

97 For instance, assuming that the plaintiff’s claim was for non-payment by
the defendant in respect of bunkers supplied to the defendant’s vessels, the
plaintiff would seek to invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ by
relying on s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA (“any claim in respect of goods or
materials supplied to a ship for her operation or maintenance”). The
defendant, if he wished to challenge the court’s jurisdiction, could apply
under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, arguing that step (1) of s 4(4) was not satisfied
as the plaintiff’s claim did not fall within s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA because
the bunkers had not been supplied to the vessel as a consumable resource, but
had instead been supplied as a tradable commodity, and therefore were not
“goods or materials supplied to a ship for her operation or maintenance”. If
the fact that the bunkers had been supplied as a tradable commodity was not
disputed by the plaintiff, the only jurisdictional question for the court was
one of law, _viz_ , whether the plaintiff’s claim (a claim for unpaid bunkers
supplied to a ship as a tradable commodity), as pleaded, was within the ambit
of s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA. This was a question of the proper
characterisation of the plaintiff’s claim and the true construction of s
3(1)(_l_), and on the authority of _The Jarguh Sawit_ , to succeed, the
plaintiff would only have to show a “good arguable case” that his claim, as
pleaded, fell within s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA (see _The Golden Petroleum_
[1993] 3 SLR(R) 209, where it was held that such a claim did not fall within s
3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA).

98 If, on the other hand, the plaintiff disputed the defendant’s factual
assertion (that the bunkers had been supplied as a tradable commodity), then
the court was obliged to find, on a balance of probabilities, as a
precondition to deciding whether the plaintiff’s claim fell within s 3(1)(_l_)
of the HCAJA, whether the bunkers had in fact been supplied as a consumable or
as a commodity. This fact was simply a condition precedent to jurisdiction
under s 3(1)(_l_), _ie_ , it was a jurisdictional fact which had to be found
at the outset. That fact-finding might be rendered difficult as a result of
the preliminary nature or urgency of the action, or the evidence being in
affidavit form, did not detract from the task of the court (see [86] above).

Steps (2), (4) and (5) of s 4(4): jurisdictional facts to be proved on a
balance of probabilities

99 Unlike step (1) of s 4(4), steps (2), (4) and (5) of s 4(4) were only
concerned with jurisdictional facts (and not jurisdictional questions of law):
the plaintiff had to show that the relevant person _was_ the owner, charterer,
beneficial owner _etc_ in order for an action _in rem_ to be brought in the
High Court. It has been repeatedly held that, on a jurisdictional dispute
under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, such jurisdictional facts must be proved by the
plaintiff on a balance of probabilities.

100 In _The Alexandrea_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 812, the defendant challenged the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ on the ground that the plaintiff’s
claim did not arise “in connection with a ship”, _ie_ , that the plaintiff did
not satisfy step (2) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA. I stated (at [18]) that the
arresting party (_ie_ , the plaintiff) had to show on a balance of
probabilities that the action was within the jurisdiction _in rem_ of the
court by proving that the “ship” referred to in step (2) of s 4(4) was the
same ship that received the bunkers in a claim falling within s 3(1)(_l_) of
the HCAJA (_ie_ , that step (2) of s 4(4) was satisfied).

101 In _The Catur Samudra_ , one of the grounds on which the defendant
challenged the plaintiff’s invocation of the court’s admiralty jurisdiction
_in rem_ was that the defendant was not in possession or in control of the
vessel (against which the plaintiff was proceeding _in rem_) at the time the
cause of action arose, _ie_ , that the plaintiff did not satisfy step (4) of s
4(4) of the HCAJA. In dealing with this argument, Steven Chong JC held (at
[22] and [23]) that the plaintiff had to satisfy the burden of proving the
jurisdictional requirements of s 4(4) (_ie_ , step (4) of s 4(4)) on a
“balance of probabilities”.

102 Again, in _The Andres Bonifacio_ , the issue confronting the court, on the
defendant’s action to set aside the plaintiff’s writ _in rem_ , was whether
the defendant (POCI) was the beneficial owner of the vessel _Andres Bonifacio_
on the date the actions were brought, as the defendant contended, or whether
its parent company (PNOC) was the beneficial owner of the vessel at that time,
as the plaintiff contended. In other words, the question was whether the
plaintiff had satisfied _step (5)(a)_ of s 4(4) of the HCAJA. The headnote to
the case misleadingly states that “[t]he basis of POCI’s applications [to set
aside the writ] was that it was not liable _in personam_ to the plaintiff when
the cause of action arose for the purposes of s 4(4) of the [HCAJA]”,
suggesting that the defendant was arguing that the plaintiff had not satisfied
_step (3)_ of the HCAJA. That is plainly incorrect, for M Karthigesu J clearly
stated (at [13]) that the issue was whether, on a “full investigation of all
the facts”, it had been shown that, when the action was brought, the vessel
was beneficially owned by POCI. Karthigesu J concluded (at [47]) that on “the
balance of probabilities”, POCI was indeed the beneficial owner of the _Andres
Bonifacio_ when the action was brought. _The Andres Bonifacio_ , therefore,
was clear authority for the proposition that a plaintiff had to prove step
(5)(a) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA on a balance of probabilities.

103 Similarly, in _In Re Dong My Ong_ [1999] SGHC 248, the plaintiffs invoked
the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ and arrested the _Sangwon_ , which
was the alleged sister ship of the wrongdoing vessel, the _Dong Myong_. The
defendants applied to set aside the plaintiffs’ writ _in rem_ , arguing that
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ had been wrongly invoked, because, contrary to
the plaintiffs’ case, the _Sangwon_ and the _Dong Myong_ were not in the
common beneficial ownership of the State of North Korea. The issue before the
court, therefore, was whether the plaintiffs had satisfied _step (5)(b)_ of s
4(4) of the HCAJA. In the course of holding that they had, Tay Yong Kwang JC
stated (at [7]) that “[i]t was _not sufficient_ for the Plaintiffs to show
that they had a _good arguable case_ that both vessels were beneficially owned
by the State at the time this action was brought” [emphasis added]. The clear
implication, therefore, was that step (5)(b) of s 4(4) had to be proved on a
balance of probabilities. Although Tay JC’s decision was reversed on appeal
(see _The Sangwon_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 919), this was because the Court of Appeal
disagreed on the facts, and not, as far as I could tell, because it took a
different view of the law.

104 It was important to understand these cases in their proper context: they
decided only that _steps (2), (4) and (5)_ of s 4(4) of the HCAJA had to be
established on a balance of probabilities, and _not_ that _every single step_
of s 4(4) had to be so established.

105 The approach adopted by these cases was first articulated by Goff J in _I
Congreso del Partido_ , where the plaintiff attempted to argue that, for the
purposes of satisfying the English forerunner of s 4(4)(_b_)(ii) of the HCAJA
(_ie_ , step (5)(b) of s 4(4)) in s 3(4) of the Administration of Justice Act
1956 (4 & 5 Eliz 2, c 46) (UK) (the “AJA 1956”), it was only incumbent on it
to show a “reasonably arguable case” that the defendant was the owner of the
vessel _I Congreso del Partido_ at the time the action was brought. For this
contention, reliance was placed on _The St Elefterio_ , where Willmer J was
traditionally understood to have held that the words “the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” in s 3(4) of the AJA 1956
(the English equivalent of s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA) did not require the
plaintiff to prove his action on a balance of probabilities (see [112]–[116]
below).

106 Rejecting this argument, Goff J explained (at 535 and 536) the rationale
for requiring the plaintiff to prove the issue of ownership on a balance of
probabilities, and drew a clear distinction between two components of s 3(4)
of the AJA 1956 (_ie_ , between what is now step (3) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA,
which was in issue in _The St Elefterio_ , and step (5)(b) of s 4(4), which
was in issue in _I Congreso del Partido_):

Jurisdiction in Admiralty actions is statutory, and is defined by the
Administration of Justice Act 1956. Section 3 of the Act [the English
equivalent of s 4 of the HCAJA] lays down the circumstances in which an action
in rem may be brought; if the case is not within the section then the court
has no jurisdiction in respect of an action in rem, and the writ and all
subsequent proceedings should be set aside…

It follows as a matter of principle that any question of jurisdiction, such as
the question in the present motions, must be dealt with on the motions and
cannot be dealt with as an issue in the actions. Of course, on the hearing of
such a motion, evidence will be admitted. Usually that evidence will be in the
form of affidavits… On the evidence so admitted… the question of jurisdiction
has to be decided…

The cases cited by [counsel for the plaintiff] do not, in my judgment, assist
him. In _The St. Elefterio_ … Willmer J. pointed out… that the words used [in
s 3(4) of the AJA 1956 (the English equivalent of s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA)]
were “the person who would be liable,” not “the person who is liable,” and
that they were intended to refer to the person who would be liable on the
assumption that the action succeeded. In contrast, the subsection goes on also
to require that, for the purposes of an action in rem against a ship, such
ship _is_ when the action is brought beneficially owned by that person as
respects all the shares therein. This shows clearly, in my judgment, that the
question of ownership of the res, if in issue, has to be decided on the motion
to set aside the writ in an action in rem.

In other words, because jurisdiction had to be conclusively established as a
threshold matter, where the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ under s
4(4) of the HCAJA depended on the plaintiff establishing certain factual
preconditions (as in steps (4) and (5) but _not_ step (3)), such
jurisdictional facts would have to be established on the normal civil standard
of proof, _ie_ , on a balance of probabilities.

107 Goff J’s approach in _I Congreso del Partido_ , in my respectful view,
accorded entirely with principle insofar as proof of jurisdictional facts was
concerned, and, to the best of my knowledge, has been universally followed in
all Commonwealth jurisdictions which inherited the UK’s statutory admiralty
regime.

Step (3) of s 4(4): identity of the “relevant person” not a jurisdictional
matter

(1) Introduction

108 It has been seen that step (1) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA requires the
plaintiff to show a good arguable case on jurisdictional questions of law
(_The Jarguh Sawit_) and to prove jurisdictional facts on a balance of
probabilities (_Shin Kobe Maru_), while steps (2), (4) and (5) are
jurisdictional facts which the plaintiff must prove on a balance of
probabilities (_The Alexandrea_ ; _The Catur Samudra_ ; _The Andres Bonifacio_
; _In Re Dong My Ong_ and _I Congreso del Partido_). What of step (3) of s
4(4), _ie_ , the identification of the “relevant person”?

109 Step (3) of s 4(4) was the main point of contention between the parties
(see [20] above). Although the defendant had all along maintained that step
(3) had not been satisfied by the plaintiff, the defendant’s position on the
standard to which step (3) had to be satisfied was not constant. Before the
learned AR, Mr Gurbani had initially contended that the plaintiff had to
satisfy step (3) of s 4(4) on “a balance of probabilities”, but this argument
was decisively rejected by the learned AR, and on appeal, Mr Gurbani did not
seek to resuscitate it, being content to agree with Mr Leong’s position that
step (3) of s 4(4) merely required the standard of a “good arguable case” (see
[22] above). However, I was of the opinion that that was not quite accurate
either.

110 Step (3) was the most troublesome limb of s 4(4) of the HCAJA because, on
the one hand, it appeared to concern a jurisdictional matter (located as it is
amongst the other jurisdictional provisions of s 4(4)), but on the other, it
appeared also to concern a non-jurisdictional matter, _viz_ , the issue of
liability, which was normally a matter for trial or an application under O 18
r 19 of the ROC.

111 If step (3) of s 4(4) truly concerned a jurisdictional matter, it then had
to be asked whether that took the form of a jurisdictional question of law or
a jurisdictional fact (or both). Identifying the “person who would be liable
on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” could rarely be said to be a pure
question of law, for, as my decision under O 18 r 19 of the ROC (at [35]–[75]
above) demonstrates, it would quite plainly involve the determination of
factual controversies, _eg_ , whether contracts have been agreed, money has
changed hands, services have been rendered _etc_. Could it then be said that
the _in personam_ liability (or more accurately, the likelihood thereof) of
the relevant person was a jurisdictional fact which had to be proved by the
plaintiff on a balance of probabilities when the defendant challenged the
court’s jurisdiction pursuant to O 12 r 7 of the ROC?

(2) _The St Elefterio_

112 To this question a negative answer was clearly given by Willmer J in _The
St Elefterio_ , the _locus classicus_ in this area, where the defendants
attempted to set aside the plaintiffs’ action _in rem_ (and consequent arrest
of the defendants’ vessel _St Elefterio_) on the ground that the court’s
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ had been improperly invoked because, _inter
alia_ , the defendants had various defences to the plaintiffs’ claim, and
therefore could not be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ for the
purposes of s 3(4) of the AJA 1956 (equivalent to s 4(4) of the HCAJA).
Willmer J refused to consider the validity of the defendants’ putative
defences, holding (at 185–186):

… _I do not propose to go into the merits [of the defendants’ possible
defences] now, or to decide whether the defendants are right or whether the
plaintiffs are right_. It seems to me, having regard to the view I take of the
construction of section 3 (4) of the Act, that this is not the moment to
decide whether the defendants are right or whether they are wrong in their
submissions on the points of law raised. _If they are right on all or any of
these various points advanced, it may well be that in the end they will show a
good defence to the action. But that_ , in my judgment, _furnishes no good
reason for setting these proceedings aside in limine_ , and thereby depriving
the plaintiffs of the right to have these issues tried.

_It has not been suggested that the proceedings are frivolous or vexatious, so
as to call for the exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to halt such
proceedings in limine_. The defendants’ argument is founded on the proposition
that section 3 (4) of the Act of 1956 introduces a new restriction on the
right to proceed in rem, and that a plaintiff cannot arrest a ship under that
subsection unless he can prove - and prove at the outset - that he has a cause
of action sustainable in law. In my judgment that proposition rests upon a
misconception of the purpose and meaning of section 3 (4). As it appears to
me, **_that subsection, so far from being a restrictive provision, is a
subsection introduced for the purpose of enlarging the Admiralty jurisdiction
of the court_**. As I view it, **_its purpose is to confer, and to confer for
the first time in England, the right to arrest either the ship in respect of
which the cause of action is alleged to have arisen or any other ship in the
same ownership. That is an entirely new right so far as the law of England is
concerned… and the reason for conferring that right now is for the purpose of
bringing this country into line with other countries as a result of an
international convention_**. In my judgment **_the purpose of the words… “the
person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam,” is to
identify the person or persons whose ship or ships may be arrested in relation
to this new right… of arresting a sister ship_**. **__The words used, it will
be observed, are “the person who would be liable” not “the person who is
liable,” and it seems to me__** , **_bearing in mind the purpose of the Act_**
, **__that the natural construction of those quite simple words is that they
mean the person who would be liable on the assumption that the action
succeeds__**. This action might or might not succeed if it were brought in
personam; that would depend upon the view which the court ultimately took of
the various contentions raised… _But clearly, if the action did succeed, the
person or persons who would be liable would be the owner or owners of the
steamship St. Elefeterio. In such circumstances, in the absence of any
suggestion that the action is a frivolous or vexatious action, I am satisfied
that the plaintiffs are entitled to bring it and to have it tried, and that,
whether or not their claim turns out to be a good one, they are entitled to
assert that claim by proceeding in rem_.

[emphasis added in italics, bold italics, and bold italics and underlined]

113 In other words, for the purposes of step (3) of s 4(4), it was immaterial
whether the relevant person had a good defence to the plaintiff’s claim. On
Willmer J’s approach, the question for the court was, on the assumption that
the plaintiff’s action, as pleaded, succeeded, against whom would it succeed?
That person was the “relevant person”. In effect, on Willmer J’s approach, the
words “the person who would be liable” created a _statutory assumption_ of the
relevant person’s (hypothetical) liability for the purposes of step (3) of s
4(4). To appreciate why this must be so, it is necessary to examine step (3)
of s 4(4) in greater detail.

114 As noted by Willmer J in the passage cited in [112] above, what eventually
became step (3) of s 4(4) of the HCAJA was first introduced in s 3(4) of the
AJA 1956, as part of the reforms designed to extend the availability of an
action _in rem_ to sister ships, thereby extending the court’s admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_. In inserting the idea of “ _in personam_ liability”, s
3(4) of the AJA 1956 (and hence step (3) of s 4(4)) clearly reflected the
“procedural theory” that underpinned the AJA 1956. Under the procedural
theory, the object of commencing an action _in rem_ against the ship was to
coerce the defendant shipowner as the person alleged to be liable to appear
and defend the action, and meet or refute the liability alleged. Modern day
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , particularly the new statutory rights of
action _in rem_ (_ie_ , s 3(1)(_d_) to (_q_) of the HCAJA), was therefore
predicated upon the relationship between the action _in rem_ and the person
who would incur liability _in personam_ – which liability, however, could only
ever be putative until a trial on the merits had been concluded. Hence the
deliberate formulation of s 3(4) of the AJA 1956 (and now s 4(4) of the
HCAJA), requiring a link between the ship to be proceeded against and the
person alleged to be liable. The procedural theory was to be contrasted with
the “personification theory”, under which the action _in rem_ was to be
regarded as an action against the wrongdoing ship herself, independently of
any liability _in personam_ on the part of the owner. I cannot emphasise
enough, however, that the reference to the “relevant person” as the “person
who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” in s 3(4) of the
AJA 1956 (and now step (3) of s 4(4)) merely reflected the _theoretical_
ascendancy of the procedural theory over the personification theory, and was
never intended to interfere with the _conceptual_ division between
jurisdiction and merits by introducing a requirement that the court assess the
defendant’s liability in order to determine whether or not it possessed
jurisdiction _in rem_. To do so would, as Willmer J recognised, restrict the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , when the purpose of the AJA 1956 in
general, and s 3(4) in particular, was clearly to expand the availability of
the _in rem_ jurisdiction. With that purpose firmly in mind, Willmer J refused
to accept that the merits of the plaintiff’s claim had to be considered before
the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ could be invoked, and his Lordship
did so by contrasting the words “would be” with “is”, and reasoning that the
deliberate use of the former meant that the Legislature intended to introduce
a statutory assumption regarding the relevant person’s (hypothetical)
liability (see [113] above), but the same result could have been reached as a
matter of logic by having regard to the difference between jurisdictional and
non-jurisdictional matters: liability, involving as it did the existence or
veracity of non-jurisdictional facts alleged by the plaintiff (or the
application of the law to those facts), was to be assumed or ignored when the
court’s jurisdiction was being challenged under O 12 r 7 of the ROC (see [32]
above).

115 In addition, the construction adopted by Willmer J was broadly consistent
with the 1952 International Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules
relating to the Arrest of Sea-Going Ships (Brussels, 10 May 1952) (439 UNTS
193) (the “1952 Arrest Convention”). As Willmer J noted in the passage quoted
at [112] above, s 3(4) of the AJA 1956 was enacted to bring England in line
with the 1952 Arrest Convention. As Francesco Berlingieri, _Berlingieri on
Arrest of Ships_ (Informa, 4th ed, 2006) states at para 52.294:

In the context of the [1952] Arrest Convention “claim” is not used in the
sense of an established right… It follows that… **_the court should not
determine the merits of the claim or establish whether or not the claim
exists_** _…_ All this is made clear by the use, in the definition of _créance
maritime_ , in the French text of the [1952 Arrest] Convention, of the words “
_allegation d’un droit ou d’une créance_ ”: “ _allegation d’un droit_ ” means
that **_the claimant must assert that he has a claim, but not prove it_**.
Further evidence of this may be found in the definition of claimant, in
Article 1(4). “ ‘Claimant’ means a person who alleges that a maritime claim
exists in his favour.” This definition is perfectly in line with the French
definition of _créance maritime_ … [emphasis added in bold italics]

In the extra-judicial words of James Allsop J of the Federal Court of
Australia, in a paper entitled “Admiralty Jurisdiction – Some Basic
Considerations and Some Recent Australian Cases”, presented on 18 April 2007
to the University of Newcastle Maritime Interest Group, MLAANZ (NSW & ACT
Branches) and University of Canberra (available at
<http://www.fedcourt.gov.au/how/admiralty_papersandpublications04.html>), in
dealing with the notion of the “relevant person” for the purposes of the
Admiralty Act 1988, “[j]urisdiction does not rest upon the assertions being
made good, but being made.” As such, whether on the express words of the
legislation, or as a matter of the logic and purpose underpinning them, it was
not necessary or appropriate at the jurisdictional stage to embark upon an
inquiry into the merits of the claim.

116 Of course, if the strength of the defendant’s defence was plain, to the
extent that the plaintiff’s claim was bound to fail and therefore frivolous or
vexatious, then, as Willmer J recognised, it was always open to the court to
strike out the plaintiff’s action pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC or its
inherent jurisdiction, but in such circumstances, the court would be
_exercising_ (or perhaps declining to exercise) jurisdiction, rather than
being deprived of the _existence_ of jurisdiction (see [28] above). The ever-
present possibility of striking out the action means that it is sometimes said
that the plaintiff only has to show an “arguable case” in making out the
identity of the relevant person. For instance, G P Selvam J in _The Opal 3 ex
Kuchino_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 231 at [10] stated that “[i]n applying the _in
personam_ test, all that is needed is an arguable case: see _The Elefterio_ …”
(see also _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ at [15] and [25]). Although I have, in the
past, used such expressions (see my judgment in _The Rainbow Spring_ [2003] 2
SLR(R) 117 (“ _The Rainbow Spring (HC)_ ”) at [8]), I was now of the
respectful view that such statements could be somewhat misleading if they were
used in the context of an application under O 12 r 7 to argue that where the
plaintiff has no arguable case that the defendant would be liable on the claim
in an action _in personam_ under step (3) of s 4(4) the defendant would be
entitled to set aside the writ _in rem_ for lack of jurisdiction, for that
would be inconsistent with Willmer J’s approach of _assuming_ the success of
the plaintiff’s action as a matter of statutory interpretation. Applying the
“arguable case” formulation to step (3) of s 4(4) in an O 12 r 7 application
might erroneously lead to a determination of the issue of liability at the
jurisdictional stage when jurisdiction was a logically anterior question (see
_The Jarguh Sawit_ at [90] above). To reiterate, to identify the “relevant
person”, the court assumes the success of the plaintiff’s action as pleaded
and asks who would be liable on it, and this was, in my view, quite different
from saying that the plaintiff has to show an “arguable case” when identifying
the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_. This
is why I have been keen to emphasise the difference between O 12 r 7 and O 18
r 19 of the ROC in admiralty cases, for the language of “arguable case” was
appropriate to the latter and not the former, as Brandon J’s judgment in _The
Moschanthy_ demonstrated. After rejecting, on the authority of _The St
Elefterio_ , the defendant’s attempt to set aside the writ _in rem_ on the
basis that it was not the “relevant person” (see further [125] below), his
Lordship continued (at 42):

I pass to the second main question raised by the motion, whether the action
should be stayed on the ground that it is vexatious...

Counsel for the defendants argued that there were so many difficulties in the
plaintiff’s case, both in fact and law, that it should be regarded as
hopeless, or nearly so.

_It is certainly open to a defendant to apply to the Court at an early stage
of an action for a stay on the ground that the action has no chance of success
and is therefore vexatious; and the Court certainly has power, in the exercise
of its inherent jurisdiction, to grant a stay on that ground_. _This was
recognized by Mr. Justice Willmer in_ … _The St Elefterio_ …. The Court,
however, should only stay an action on that ground when the hopelessness of
the plaintiff’s claim is beyond doubt. _If_ it is not beyond doubt, but, on
the contrary, _the plaintiff has an_** _arguable_** _, even though difficult_
, **_case in fact and law_** _, the action should be allowed to proceed to
trial_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

(3) Where someone else apart from the defendant “would be liable on the claim
in an action _in personam_ ”

117 As I pointed out in _The Eagle Prestige_ (at [64]), there was no question
in _The St Elefterio_ but that the defendant was indeed the relevant person,
_ie_ , the defendant there was not suggesting that the plaintiff should have
sued _someone else_ because that latter person “would be liable on the claim
in an action _in personam_ ”. However, there have been cases where the
plaintiff’s admiralty action was sought to be set aside by the defendant
pursuant to O 12 r 7 of the ROC on the ground that the court’s admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ had been improperly invoked because some other entity,
and not the defendant, was the relevant person. As in the present case, the
defendant’s argument in such cases was usually that the plaintiff had entered
into a contract with another party, to which the defendant was not privy, and
consequently, the relevant person (_ie_ , the person who would be liable on
the plaintiff’s claim in an action _in personam_ , assuming the action
succeeded) was that other party and not the defendant. Put simply, the
defendant’s argument was that the plaintiff had sued the wrong person, and on
this basis, the writs _in rem_ in _The Thorlina_ [1985-1986] SLR(R) 258, _Uni-
France Offshore Engineering Pte Ltd v The Owners of the Ship or Vessel
“Interippu”_ [1990] SGHC 131 (“ _The Interippu_ ”), _The AA V_ [1999] 3 SLR(R)
664 and _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ were set aside for lack of jurisdiction
under s 4(4) of the HCAJA.

118 This line of cases (_ie_ , _The Thorlina_ , _The Interippu_ , _The AA V_
and _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_) appeared to have had its origin in _Smith’s
Dock Co Ltd v The St Merriel (Owners) (The St Merriel)_ [1963] 1 P 247 (“ _The
St Merriel_ ”), where Hewson J, on a motion by the defendant ship-owner to set
aside the plaintiff ship-repairer’s writ _in rem_ for lack of jurisdiction,
held (at 255), in _obiter dicta_ , that:

_I find as a fact that there was no contract express or implied between the
owners and the repairers_ … [Counsel for the defendant] has submitted
throughout that the wrong person was sued in this case and that there was no
liability upon the owners… I… hold that… there was no contract between the
shipowner and the ship repairer. [emphasis added]

After referring to _The St Elefterio_ with apparent approval, his Lordship
continued (at 258):

On the evidence, I am satisfied that there was no contract express or implied
between the owners and the repairers. _I am satisfied that there was no
liability on the owners when the cause of action arose_. [emphasis added]

As Judith Prakash J noted in _The AA V_ (at [36]), these passages in _The St
Merriel_ were followed in Singapore by the Court of Appeal in _The Thorlina_
(at [5]) (without comment as to their being _obiter dicta_). In _The AA V_ (at
[37]), Prakash J held that _The Thorlina_ stood for the proposition that,
where there was “clear evidence” before the court that the defendant sued was
not liable _in personam_ because it was not a party to the contract sued on,
the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court could not be invoked under s
4(4) of the HCAJA (see also Chong’s article at p 278). In reaching this
conclusion Prakash J also referred to and apparently endorsed (at [38]) _Lok
Maheshwari_ , although I am constrained to point out that the bases for the
two decisions were quite different (a point I revisit at [134]–[135] below):
_The AA V_ being decided under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, and _Lok Maheshwari_ being
decided under the court’s inherent jurisdiction (approximating to O 18 r 19 of
the ROC).

119 Nonetheless, Prakash J’s interpretation of _The Thorlina_ in _The AA V_
was given the imprimatur of the Court of Appeal in _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ ,
where the Court of Appeal (upholding my decision at first instance in _The
Rainbow Spring (HC)_) held (at [21]) that, on the facts, it was “clear” that
the defendant had not been a party to the charterparty on which the plaintiff
was suing (because it had been entered into between the plaintiff and some
other person), and that therefore the defendant was not the “relevant person”,
causing the plaintiff’s writ to be set aside for lack of jurisdiction under s
4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA.

120 It appeared, therefore, that _The St Merriel_ , _The Thorlina_ , _The AA
V_ and _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ , in contrast to the approach adopted by
Willmer J in _The St Elefterio_ , treated the identification of the “relevant
person” as a jurisdictional fact, and were prepared to find, on the
defendant’s application under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, that the defendant was not
the relevant person if there was “clear evidence” that the defendant was not a
party to the contract being sued upon by the plaintiff, and hence “would not
be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ”.

121 Although I did not have the occasion to comment upon this in _The Rainbow
Spring (HC)_ , this line of cases could be said to give rise to some
difficulty.

122 First, in _The St Elefterio_ , the actual _in personam_ liability of the
defendant was presumed for the purpose of deciding whether it was the relevant
person, while the above cases declined to do so. The only difference was that,
in the line of cases above, the defendant’s _in personam_ liability was being
denied on the basis that it was the wrong party to be sued, rather than on the
basis of a substantive defence. However, it could be said with some force (as
it was by the learned AR at [37] of his grounds of decision, and in _Iran
Amanat_ at 139 (see [131] below)), that, as a matter of principle, a
defendant’s assertion that he was not the right party to be sued was just as
much a defence as any other substantive defence on the merits, _eg_ , that the
plaintiff’s claim was time-barred, that an exclusion clause operated in the
defendant’s favour _etc_. This was particularly so where the defendant’s
defence on the merits took the form of doctrines, such as common mistake or
illegality, which had the effect of voiding a contract _ab initio_ : such a
defence, if well-founded, would mean a complete lack of a contractual
relationship between plaintiff and defendant – the very same effect achieved
by the defendant’s assertion that he was the wrong party sued because he was
not a party to the contract with the plaintiff. Yet in the one case the
defendant’s _in personam_ liability would be presumed in deciding if he was
the “relevant person” (see, in relation to a defence of illegality, _Sin Hua
Enterprise Co Ltd v The Owners of the Motor Ship “Harima”_ [1987] HKLR 770 at
776), while in the other it would not.

123 A related problem was the standard of proof required to convince the court
that some other party, and not the defendant, was the “relevant person”, with
the consequence that s 4(4) of the HCAJA was not satisfied and admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ improperly invoked. In _The AA V_ (at [32]), Prakash J
referred to Willmer J’s construction of the words “the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” in _The St Elefterio_ as the
“would be” test, and contrasted this with the “is” test, which Prakash J
considered to have been applied in _The St Merriel_ (see the passages quoted
in [118] above) and _The Thorlina_ (I should add that it was also applied in
_The Interippu_). Subsequent Court of Appeal cases have not shed much light on
the matter: although the Court of Appeal in _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ (at [13]
and [25]) appeared to apply the “would be” test, the actual decision at [22]
and [28] could arguably have been based on the “is” test. The difference
between the two, it has been said (see _Admiralty Law and Practice_ at p 109),
in terms of the standard of proof, was that the “is” test connoted a finding
of the relevant person’s personal liability on a balance of probabilities,
whereas the “would” test merely required the plaintiff to show an arguable
case thereof (although, as I said at [116] above, in my view, this particular
formulation was apt to mislead). The “is” test was problematic because the
court would, at the jurisdictional stage, essentially be giving judgment for
the plaintiff, thereby rendering a trial on the merits completely unnecessary
(see Chong’s article at pp 275–276). In addition, assuming that the “is” test
applied, a disparity would be created between an application under O 12 r 7
and O 18 r 19 of the ROC. In the face of a defendant’s application pursuant to
O 12 r 7 to set aside the writ _in rem_ for lack of jurisdiction under s
4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA, the plaintiff would have to prove, on a balance of
probabilities, that the defendant “was” liable on the claim in an action _in
personam_. It would not be enough for the plaintiff merely to show an arguable
case in relation to the defendant’s personal liability. However, to avoid
having the action struck out pursuant to O 18 r 19, it would be enough for the
plaintiff to oppose the defendant’s application by showing an arguable case as
to that liability (see _The Eagle Prestige_ at [57]), even if the facts on
which the plaintiff was relying were exactly the same as those which failed
under O 12 r 7. It seemed distinctly odd that the law required more of a
plaintiff on a challenge to jurisdiction (_ie_ , a balance of probabilities)
than on an application to strike out.

124 Apart from these problems of principle, the line of cases represented by
_The Thorlina, The Interippu_ , _The AA V_ and _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ also
appeared to be at variance with other Commonwealth and local authorities
dealing with this question (_viz_ , the approach to be adopted in cases where
the defendant’s defence was that someone else was the “relevant person”).

125 In _The Moschanthy_ , one of the arguments by the defendant was that it
was not a party to the contract on which the plaintiff was suing, _ie_ , that
some other entity was the “relevant person” under s 3(4) of the AJA 1956 (the
English equivalent of s 4(4) of the HCAJA). Brandon J did not find it
necessary to express any view on the defendant’s _in personam_ liability, but
followed _The St Elefterio_ and held (at 42) that:

That question [whether the Court had jurisdiction to entertain the plaintiff’s
claim _in rem_] must, in my view, be answered by reference to the nature of
the plaintiff’s claim as put forward, without reference to the further point
whether it is likely to succeed or not. That further point may be relevant… to
the second main question raised by the motion, namely, whether the action
should be stayed on the ground that it is vexatious. It does not, however, go
to jurisdiction as such. In this matter I respectfully follow the approach
adopted by Mr Justice Willmer in _The St Elefterio_ …

126 The same sort of argument (_ie_ , that the plaintiff had contracted with
some other entity, and was therefore not in a contractual relationship with
the defendant, and as a result some entity other than the defendant was the
“relevant person”) was deployed by the defendant in an attempt to set aside
the plaintiff’s writ _in rem_ in _The Wigwam (HC)_ , but was rejected by F A
Chua J, who endorsed _The St Elefterio_ (at [11] and [12]), and noted (at
[13]) that, as in _The St Elefterio_ , the defendant in _The Wigwam (HC)_ had
not suggested that the proceedings were frivolous or vexatious so as to call
for the exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to strike out the
proceedings. On appeal (_The Wigwam; The Owners of the ship or vessel “Wigwam”
v Inter Maritime shipping (Pte) Ltd_ [1984] SGCA 24 (“ _The Wigwam (CA)_ ”),
the Court of Appeal (at [7]) agreed with Chua J and expressly approved of
Willmer J’s approach in _The St Elefterio_.

127 Similarly, in _Lim Bok Lai v Selco (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1987] SLR(R) 466
(“ _Lim Bok Lai_ ”), the plaintiff, like the plaintiff in the present case,
was a bunker supplier suing to recover amounts outstanding in respect of
bunkers it had supplied. As in the present case, admiralty writs _in rem_ had
been issued but no vessels had been arrested. The defendants attempted to
argue (at [14]) that they were not the persons liable _in personam_ to the
plaintiff, as the vessels which had been supplied bunkers had been bareboat
chartered to some other party (_ie_ , that that party, and not the defendant,
was the “relevant person”). However, this was rejected by Lai Kew Chai J (at
[15]), who endorsed _The St Elefterio_ and held that “at this threshold stage
the defendants are not entitled to shut [the plaintiff] out of his claims
against the defendants”.

128 The Court of Appeal’s decision in _“Avro International” (Owners) v Arabian
Marine Bunkers Sales Co Ltd and another_ [1987] SLR(R) 610 (“ _Avro
International_ ”) also provided some assistance, albeit only in terms of
_obiter dicta_ as the Court of Appeal was concerned with a different question,
_viz_ , whether a defendant could apply to set aside the action for want of
jurisdiction after an unconditional appearance had been entered. Nonetheless,
the fact pattern was familiar: the respondents, as plaintiffs, had instituted
actions _in rem_ for unpaid bunkers against the appellant ship-owners (as
defendants), who, five months after entering an unconditional appearance,
eventually sought to “strike out” (_ie_ , set aside (see [23]–[32] above)) the
actions on the ground that another party, _viz_ , the bareboat charterer at
the time the bunkers had been supplied, was the party liable on the claim in
an action _in personam_ under s 4(4) of the HCAJA. In the course of deciding
that the appellants had, by entering an unconditional appearance, waived any
objections to jurisdiction, the Court of Appeal stated (at [12]):

Learned counsel for the appellants in these appeals submitted that… the
appellants were not “the person who would be liable on the claim in an action
_in personam_ ” within the meaning of [s 4(4) of the HCAJA]. _This submission
begs the very question whether the appellants were such a party, a question_
which the appellants had assumed as proved but _which could only be resolved
in a trial. On the face of the claims as asserted, the respondents had in our
view, brought their claims within the admiralty jurisdiction of the High
Court_. [emphasis added]

129 In _Kingstar Shipping Ltd v Owners of the Ship “Rolita”_ [1989] 1 HKLR 394
(“ _The Rolita_ ”), the Hong Kong Court of Appeal rejected (at 397 and 398)
the defendant’s attempt, in an action to set aside the plaintiff’s writ _in
rem_ , to restrict the approach in _The St Elefterio_ to allegations of breach
and damages (_ie_ , substantive defences), as opposed to the very existence of
the cause of action itself.

130 Again, in _The Yuta Bondarovskaya_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 357, as in the
present case, the plaintiffs were bunker suppliers claiming for money due
under a contract for the supply of bunkers to the vessel _Yuta Bondarovskaya_.
At the time the bunkers were supplied, the vessel had been demise chartered to
the defendants, who had in turn time chartered it to another party (“EMEL”).
The plaintiffs commenced an action _in rem_ against the defendants, on the
basis that the defendants were liable to pay for the bunkers bought by EMEL,
as EMEL had allegedly contracted as the defendants’ agent. The defendants
applied to set aside the plaintiffs’ writ _in rem_ on the basis that the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ had been wrongly invoked, as they (the
defendants) were not in an agency relationship with EMEL, and therefore not
contractually liable to the plaintiffs. Consequently, the defendants argued
that they were not “the person who would be liable on the claim in an action
_in personam_ ”, _ie_ , they were the wrong person to sue. Clarke J expressed
full agreement with the judgments of Willmer J in _The St Elefterio_ and
Brandon J in _The Moschanthy_ , and said (at 361):

[Counsel for the defendants] suggests that in _The St. Elefterio_ and _The
Moschanthy_ the Courts were considering defences on the merits and not
defences which went to the jurisdiction. However, _I am unable to accept that
submission. It appears to me that in both cases the Court was considering the
very question which I have to consider, namely, what is the correct approach
to the identity of “the person who would be liable in personam” within the
meaning of the statute?_ [emphasis added]

131 Likewise, in _Iran Amanat_ , the plaintiff was a company in the business
of supplying bunkers, and it commenced a sister ship action _in rem_ against
the defendant’s vessel _Iran Amanat_ , in respect of bunkers supplied to the
defendant’s vessels _Iran Chamran_ and _Iran Adl_ , for which the plaintiff
was evidently not fully paid. On the defendant’s application to set aside the
writ for lack of jurisdiction, Tamberlin J at first instance found that, at
the time of the supply of the bunkers, the _Iran Chamran_ and _Iran Adl_ were
on time charter, and that the terms of the charter obliged the charterer to
pay for all fuel, and that the defendant conferred no authority on the
charterer to contract with the plaintiff on its behalf (_ie_ , as with _The
Yuta Bondarovskaya_ and the present case, the defendant’s argument appeared to
be that it was not the “relevant person” because some other party (the
charterer in those cases and MAL in the present case) was). Consequently,
Tamberlin J held that the defendant was not the “relevant person” for the
purposes of ss 3 and 19 of the Admiralty Act 1988 (the Australian equivalent
of s 4(4) of the HCAJA), and set aside the writ. The Full Court of the Federal
Court of Australia concluded that Tamberlin J had erred in his approach to the
question of jurisdiction, because he treated the definition of “relevant
person” (“a person who would be liable on the claim in a proceeding commenced
as an action in personam”) as though the words “would be liable” meant “is
liable”, thereby deciding the ultimate issue in the case, _ie_ , whether the
defendant was liable to pay for the fuel supplied to the two sister ships of
the arrested vessel. On appeal to the High Court of Australia, the High Court
agreed, holding (at 138):

In some of the reported cases, the court has been dealing with two motions:
one, a challenge to jurisdiction; the other, a claim to strike out proceedings
on the ground that they were frivolous or vexatious. However, _no motion of
the second kind being before Tamberlin J, he was concerned only with the
question of jurisdiction, a question which, in relation to whether the
appellants were relevant persons, turned upon the nature of the claim, not its
strength_. [emphasis added]

The High Court (at 139) also roundly rejected the suggestion that the question
of whether someone else (apart from the defendant) was the “relevant person”
ought to be treated differently from any other question of the defendant’s _in
personam_ liability:

It is not apparent why a dispute as to whether the [defendant] were parties to
the contracts for the supply of fuel, involving questions of actual or
apparent authority, and evidence as to the conduct of those who arranged the
supplies, is in a different category from a dispute… as to whether any fuel
was in fact supplied, or any other dispute concerning the alleged liability of
the [defendant] to pay for the fuel.

132 The common approach in cases such as _The Moschanthy_ , _The Wigwam (HC)_
, _The Wigwam (CA)_ , _Lim Bok Lai_ , _Avro International_ , _The Rolita_ ,
_The Yuta Bondarovskaya_ and _Iran Amanat_ , therefore, was to take the
reasoning of Willmer J in _The St Elefterio_ to its logical conclusion: for
the purposes of identifying the “relevant person” in s 4(4) of the HCAJA (or
its English and Australian equivalents), it was assumed that the plaintiff’s
action would succeed _as against the defendant_ , regardless of the
defendant’s possible defences, even if the defence amounted to an assertion
that someone else ought to have been sued. Such matters were questions of
liability involving non-jurisdictional matters of fact and law to be dealt
with at trial, or by the defendant taking out a separate application pursuant
to O 18 r 19 of the ROC to strike out the plaintiff’s action. In other words,
these cases treated any challenge based on step (3) of s 4(4) (including an
allegation that the defendant was not a party to the relevant contract being
sued upon by the plaintiff) as not amounting to a challenge to jurisdiction at
all, but purely a matter of the defendant’s liability. Indeed, this emerged
clearly from _The Moschanthy_ , where Brandon J held that such an argument
“does not… go to jurisdiction as such” (see [125] above), and from _The Andres
Bonifacio_ , where, it will be remembered, the issue was as to step (5)(a) of
s 4(4), which Karthigesu J held had to be proved on the balance of
probabilities (see [102] above). Counsel had attempted to argue that based on,
_inter alia_ , _The St Elefterio_ , _Lim Bok Lai_ and _The Wigwam (HC)_ , step
(5)(a) of s 4(4) did not need to be proved on a balance of probabilities, but
this submission was swiftly rejected by Karthigesu J (at [15]) in the
following terms:

I do not agree. These cases are not in point. _They did not deal with
jurisdiction_ … [emphasis added]

133 As a matter of principle, the unqualified approach to step (3) of s 4(4)
represented by _The St Elefterio_ , _The Moschanthy_ , _The Wigwam (HC)_ ,
_The Wigwam (CA)_ , _Lim Bok Lai_ , _Avro International_ , _The Rolita_ , _The
Yuta Bondarovskaya_ and _Iran Amanat_ had, in my respectful view, much to
commend it. The court would simply assume the truth of the plaintiff’s non-
jurisdictional facts, and the success of the plaintiff’s action, as pleaded,
and ask who would be liable in an action _in personam_ on such an assumption.
If the defendant wanted to challenge that assumption and dispose of the
plaintiff’s action summarily, whether because he had an ironclad substantive
defence on the merits or because it was overwhelmingly clear on the evidence
that some other party was the correct defendant, the proper course of action
was for him to take out an application under O 18 r 19 and _not_ O 12 r 7 of
the ROC (see _The Eagle Prestige_ at [60]). In doing so he would be
contesting, not the _existence_ of the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_
(because, on the construction placed on s 4(4)(_b_) of the HCAJA by Willmer J
in _The St Elefterio_ , the court would indeed have such jurisdiction) but
rather, the _exercise_ of that jurisdiction, by placing in issue the
sustainability of the plaintiff’s claim. Even if, for some reason, the
defendant applied pursuant to O 12 r 7 rather than O 18 r 19 of the ROC, the
court was not bound by the defendant’s procedural choice; it could exercise
its inherent jurisdiction to strike out the plaintiff’s action, for the court
would not allow its process to be abused by permitting the bringing of actions
which were plainly lacking in _bona fides_ or merit.

134 I found clear support for this approach in the unreported decision of _Lok
Maheshwari_ , where Choo Han Teck JC struck out the plaintiff’s action
(pursuant to the court’s inherent jurisdiction) because there was no evidence
of a contract between the plaintiff and defendant, and the plaintiff’s action
(based on such a contract) was therefore misconceived and unsustainable. Choo
JC was not hampered by the fact that the defendant’s application was made on
the erroneous ground that the court had no jurisdiction over the defendant
because the plaintiff’s case did not fall within s 4(4) of the HCAJA; instead,
he stated (at [19]):

Counsel for the Defendants did not submit that the Plaintiffs’ claim was
frivolous or vexatious, but that is not fatal to their application to strike
out if, on the affidavit evidence before the court, it is plain that the
action is unsustainable on the ground that it is frivolous. The court is
entitled to strike out the writ.

135 In _Lok Maheshwari_ , Choo JC (at [11]) expressed his complete agreement
with Chua J’s endorsement, in _The Wigwam (HC)_ , of the approach to step (3)
of s 4(4) taken by Willmer J in _The St Elefterio_ , but (at [12]) Choo JC did
not accept that this construction would necessarily lead to the indiscriminate
invocation of admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , because such an abuse of
process could always be controlled via _O_ 18 r 19 of the ROC or the court’s
inherent jurisdiction:

However, the judgment of Willmer J does not invariably open a door which
cannot be shut until the matter has been ventilated in full at trial. Although
the courts will not deny access to any party who is able to formulate a cause
of action against a party identified as the person who would be liable in
personam on that cause of action (whether the party suing succeeds or not is a
matter for the trial judge), nonetheless, _if it is clear that the evidence
relied upon by the Plaintiffs is obviously tenuous the courts will strike out
the action. In other words, if the action appears to the court to be frivolous
then it would not be permitted to proceed_. [emphasis added]

This was perfectly in accordance with my own decision, in this case, to strike
out the present action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC.

136 Similarly, in _The Yuta Bondarovskaya_ , after refusing to accept the
defendants’ challenge to jurisdiction on the basis that it was not the
“relevant person”, Clarke J nonetheless recognised that, on the approach taken
in _The St Elefterio_ and _The Moschanthy_ , that was not the end of the
matter, for it was still possible that the plaintiff’s claim was so utterly
hopeless on the merits that it ought to be struck out (at 359):

It appears to me that on Mr. Justice Brandon’s approach [in _The Moschanthy_],
in order to be allowed to proceed the plaintiff’s case must be arguable
because otherwise it would be bound to fail, in which event it would be
oppressive or vexatious to allow it to proceed.

Indeed, much like my decision under O 18 r 19 of the ROC in this case, Clarke
J concluded (at 365):

… I have reached the conclusion that it is _not arguable_ that EMEL had [the
defendant’s] authority to make bunker contracts on its behalf, whether implied
actual authority, apparent or ostensible authority, or any other kind of
authority. _The plaintiff’s claim was bound to fail_ and the vessel should be
released from arrest. [emphasis added]

As I have already observed (see [116] above), it is in this context of
striking out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC (or the court’s inherent jurisdiction)
that the language of an “arguable case” of liability is appropriate.

137 What then of _The St Merriel_ , _The Thorlina_ , _The Interippu_ , _The AA
V_ and _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_? I was in the rather invidious position of
having to choose between the approach adopted by those cases, or that adopted
by the Court of Appeal in _The Wigwam (CA)_ and hinted at in _Avro
International_. Notwithstanding the fact that I followed _The AA V_ in _The
Rainbow Spring (HC)_ (at [10]) and that I was content to endorse the other
cases in _The Eagle Prestige_ (at [64]), I now considered that the better
approach, consistent with both principle and international authority, was that
represented by _The Wigwam (CA)_ , and that the plaintiff’s writ could not be
set aside under O 12 r 7 of the ROC simply because it had been shown that the
defendant was not in a contractual relationship with the plaintiff, and
therefore was not the “relevant person”. In preferring the unqualified
approach adopted by _The St Elefterio_ and approved of in _The Wigwam (CA)_ ,
I was mindful of the words of the High Court of Australia in _Iran Amanat_ (at
138):

The Australian legislation having been enacted against the background of
English legislation [_ie_ , the AJA 1956] and authority [_ie_ , _The St
Elefterio_ and _The Moschanthy_]…, the definition of “relevant person” should
be understood as having the same meaning as the courts had given to the
corresponding words in the English statute. When the Parliament has enacted
legislation, affecting the subject of international shipping, and followed a
statutory precedent from overseas which has by then received a settled
construction, there is every reason to construe the statutory language in the
same way in this country unless such construction is unreasonable or
inapplicable to Australian circumstances.

Like the Australian Admiralty Act 1988, our HCAJA originated from and was
based on the AJA 1956, and indeed was designed to bring Singapore’s admiralty
law into line with the AJA 1956 (see _The Trade Fair_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 641 at
[13]). Given this, there was every reason to regard the construction of step
(3) of s 4(4) as settled by _The St Elefterio_ and _The Moschanthy_ ,
especially when they had been endorsed by the Court of Appeal in _The Wigwam
(CA)_.

138 I hasten to add, however, that I am not at all suggesting that _The St
Merriel_ , _The Thorlina_ , _The Interippu_ , _The AA V_ or _The Rainbow
Spring (CA)_ were wrongly decided; on the facts, the refusal to permit the
actions in those cases to proceed to trial was correct, but instead of setting
aside the writs under O 12 r 7 of the ROC (or, in the case of _The St Merriel_
, its English equivalent), the courts in those cases should have struck out
the actions pursuant to their inherent jurisdiction, as was recognised by
Brandon J in _The Moschanthy_ , Clarke J in _The Yuta Bondarovskaya_ and Chua
J in _The Wigwam (HC)_ , and as was done by Choo JC in _Lok Maheshwari_.

(4) Conclusion on step (3) of s 4(4)

139 To reiterate, any challenge by the defendant to the identity of the
“relevant person” (_ie_ , step (3) of s 4(4)) was not a jurisdictional matter
(_ie_ , it was not to be dealt with at the jurisdictional stage under O 12 r 7
of the ROC), but was properly a dispute pertaining to the defendant’s
liability on the merits of the claim, and was therefore to be dealt with at
trial or, if the plaintiff’s case was hopeless, under O 18 r 19 of the ROC (or
the court’s inherent jurisdiction), and _only_ in the last-mentioned case
would it be appropriate to investigate whether the plaintiff had an “arguable
case”.

Conclusion on the requirements of s 4(4) of the HCAJA

140 In summary, although the cases were in some confusion, a number of
principles were eventually discernible:

(a) When a defendant applied pursuant to O 12 r 7 of the ROC to challenge the
plaintiff’s invocation of the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , the
plaintiff had the onus of establishing jurisdiction (_The Aventicum_ , _The
Andres Bonifacio_ , _The Temasek Eagle_ , _Vostok Shipping_ and _The Catur
Samudra_) (see [80] above).

(b) Where the court’s jurisdiction _in rem_ depended on the establishment of a
factual precondition or state of affairs, the plaintiff had to establish such
jurisdictional facts on a balance of probabilities (_Shin Kobe Maru_ , _Baltic
Shipping_ , _Vostok Shipping_ , _The Alexandrea_ , _The Catur Samudra_ , _The
Andres Bonifacio_ , _In Re Dong My Ong_ and _I Congreso del Partido_) (see
[83], [99]–[106] above).

(c) Where the court’s jurisdiction _in rem_ depended on the proper
characterisation of the plaintiff’s claim and/or construction of the words in
the relevant statutory provision, the plaintiff only had to show a good
arguable case that his claim was of the type or nature required by the
relevant statutory provision (_The Jarguh Sawit_) (see [95] above).

(d) At the jurisdictional stage under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, the strength of the
plaintiff’s claim on the merits, _ie_ , the accuracy or validity of any non-
jurisdictional matters of fact or law (such as the defendant’s possible
defences to the claim), was not relevant to jurisdiction, but was a matter for
trial or an application for striking out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the
court’s inherent jurisdiction, and this was so even where the defendant’s
defence was that some other person would be liable on the plaintiff’s claim in
an action _in personam_ (_The St Elefterio_ , _The Moschanthy_ , _The Wigwam
(HC)_ , _The Wigwam (CA)_ , _Lim Bok Lai_ , _The Rolita_ , _The Yuta
Bondarovskaya_ , _Lok Maheshwari_ and _Iran Amanat_) (see [139] above).

I have dwelt on these matters at some length, as I was of the opinion that
they were vital to correctly appreciating the true position when the defendant
challenges the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ under O 12 r 7 of the
ROC, and also in order to understand the purport of some of the Court of
Appeal’s comments in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_.

The Court of Appeal’s comments in The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)

Introduction

141 In explaining his decision under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, the learned AR
interpreted certain paragraphs of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ as establishing
that, _independently_ of the provisions of the HCAJA, there was a _separate_
requirement of merits that a plaintiff had to satisfy in order to invoke the
admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court. On appeal, both parties
submitted that the learned AR had erred on this point. The plaintiff contended
that those paragraphs of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ were concerned with
striking out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC and not jurisdictional disputes, while
the defendant submitted that those paragraphs explained a merits requirement
that was implicit in (and not independent of) the HCAJA.

142 It follows from all I have said that I did not agree with and hence
rejected the defendant’s argument that there was a merits requirement within
the HCAJA with which the plaintiff had to comply before he could invoke the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_.

Decision

143 I also did not agree with the learned AR’s views of _The Vasiliy Golovnin
(CA)_ , and it is necessary to set out in some detail what those were. At [40]
and [41] of his grounds of decision, the learned AR stated:

40 In _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , V K Rajah JA on behalf of the Court of Appeal
stated the following (at [50]):

Satisfying the requirements of s 3(1) of the HCAJA cannot be said to be the
end all and be all when assessing the sustainability of an admiralty action.
Invoking the admiralty jurisdiction may be in one sense a procedural step but
_it also plainly attracts substantive considerations_. There are two
requirements that claimants in every admiralty action must satisfy: _first,
the_ in rem _jurisdiction must be established, through_ , inter alia _, ss 3
and 4 of the HCAJA. Second, the claim must, if challenged, also meet the
requirement of being a good arguable case on the merits_.

[emphasis added]

41 The above pronouncement by the Court of Appeal clearly indicates that there
is _a separate_ requirement of merits that a claimant in an admiralty action
has to satisfy in addition to the requirements under ss 3(1) and 4(4) of the
Act.

[emphasis in original]

144 It was not quite apparent to me that V K Rajah JA’s comments at [50] of
_The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ “clearly” indicated that there was a separate
requirement of merits outside of the HCAJA. Rather, it seemed to me that, in
that passage, Rajah JA was underscoring the importance of O 18 r 19 of the ROC
in controlling unmeritorious admiralty actions. First, Rajah JA stated that
satisfying s 3(1) of the HCAJA was not exhaustive as to the sustainability of
an admiralty action, which was plainly true: simply because a plaintiff could
invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ under the HCAJA did not
mean that the claim would eventually succeed at trial, or that it could not be
struck out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC. Next, Rajah JA commented that an
admiralty plaintiff had to satisfy two requirements: establishing jurisdiction
_in rem_ via ss 3 and 4 of the HCAJA, and the claim, if challenged, had to
meet the requirement of being a good arguable case on the merits. It was true
that the words “if challenged” could mean “if challenged at the jurisdictional
stage”, _ie_ , under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, and if so this would have been at
odds with the received wisdom of _The St Elefterio_ , which established that,
at the jurisdictional stage, the plaintiff’s action was assumed to be
successful, without regard to its strength. However, as I explained in _The
Eagle Prestige_ (at [58]), given that the Court of Appeal in _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ endorsed (at [49]) passages from _Admiralty Law and Practice_
which summarised the legal principles from _The St Elefterio_ , and that the
Court of Appeal clearly did not regard itself as departing from _The St
Elefterio_ (which has been followed and applied locally without question,
including by the Court of Appeal itself in _The Wigwam (CA)_), it was far more
likely that the words “if challenged” in [50] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_
meant “if challenged at an early stage of the action”, _ie_ , under O 18 r 19
of the ROC, for it was then entirely unexceptionable that the plaintiff would
need to have an arguable case to avoid having his action struck out as being
plainly and obviously unsustainable, frivolous and vexatious, or an abuse of
process.

145 At [52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ , Rajah JA elaborated:

The standard to be applied in Singapore at this early stage of the matter, if
there is a challenge on the merits, is indeed the “good arguable case”
yardstick (see also Karthigesu J's observations in _The Jarguh Sawit (CA)_ ,
at [47] above). The plaintiff does not have to establish at this stage that he
has a cause of action that might probably prevail in the final analysis.
Karthigesu J had rightly pointed out in _The Jarguh Sawit (CA)_ that the
plaintiff need only show that he has a “good arguable case” that his cause of
action falls within one of the categories provided for in s 3(1) of the HCAJA.
The party invoking the arrest procedure must be prepared, when challenged, to
justify that it was entitled right from the outset to invoke this remedy.

One possible interpretation of the first sentence was that Rajah JA viewed
_The Jarguh Sawit_ as authority for the proposition that an admiralty
plaintiff was required to show a good arguable case on the merits in order to
invoke jurisdiction _in rem_. However, in the penultimate sentence of the
above passage, it was noted that _The Jarguh Sawit_ pointed out that the
plaintiff only had to show a “good arguable case” that his cause of action
fell within one of the limbs of s 3(1) of the HCAJA. As I have endeavoured to
show (see [89]–[95] above), the best interpretation of this aspect of _The
Jarguh Sawit_ was that, at the jurisdictional stage, a plaintiff had to show a
good arguable case that his claim, properly characterised, was of the nature
required by the relevant limb of s 3(1), and determination of non-
jurisdictional facts or the application of the law to those facts (_ie_ , the
merits of the plaintiff’s claim) was to be deferred till the trial or dealt
with under O 18 r 19 of the ROC, as jurisdiction was separate from, and prior
to, the merits (see [90] above). Further, that _The Jarguh Sawit_ had nothing
to say about the merits of an admiralty plaintiff’s claim appeared to have
been accepted at [47] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ , for _The Jarguh Sawit_
received approval for the “trite” proposition that (see also _The Indriani_ at
[17]):

… the issue of whether or not the jurisdictional requirements of s 3(1) of the
HCAJA are satisfied is a procedural rather than a substantive one dealing with
the merits of the claim.

It would be surprising if, having accepted that, the Court of Appeal in _The
Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ then considered that _The Jarguh Sawit_ had something
to say about the merits of an admiralty plaintiff’s claim (for jurisdictional
purposes) _outside_ of the HCAJA, as the learned AR appeared to have thought.
Therefore, notwithstanding the citation of _The Jarguh Sawit_ , it seemed to
me that [52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ was consistent with the idea that,
to avoid the action being struck out as plainly and obviously unsustainable
(and therefore frivolous and vexatious) or lacking in _bona fides_ (and
therefore an abuse of process) at an early stage under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or
the court’s inherent jurisdiction, the plaintiff had to be prepared to show
that his claim, on the merits, was arguable (see [47] and [57] of _The Eagle
Prestige_).

146 Assuming _arguendo_ , however, that the learned AR’s reading of _The
Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ was correct, and there was indeed a freestanding
requirement (outside of the provisions of the HCAJA) that an admiralty
plaintiff show a “good arguable case” as to the merits of his claim in order
to invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , from whence did such a
requirement spring?

147 The learned AR was particularly persuaded by [51] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin
(CA)_ , and his reasoning (at [44] and [45] of his grounds of decision) was as
follows:

44 … This view [that there was an independent jurisdictional requirement for
the plaintiff to show a “good arguable case” on the merits] is further
supported by Rajah JA’s comment which immediately follows that paragraph [_ie_
, [50] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin_], on specifically an arrest of a vessel (at
[51]):

The arrest of a vessel is never a trifling matter. Arrest is a very powerful
invasive remedy. An arrest of a ship can lead to tremendous inconvenience,
financial distress and severe commercial embarrassment… Even the briefest of
delays can sometimes cause significant losses. It can also in certain
instances prejudice the livelihood of the ship’s crew and the commercial
fortunes of the shipowner. Maritime arrests can, when improperly executed,
sometimes be as destructive as Anton Piller orders and even as potentially
ruinous as Mareva injunctions, the two nuclear weapons of civil litigation. As
such, a plaintiff must always remain cautious and rigorously ascertain the
material facts before applying for a warrant of arrest. _While there is no
need to establish a conclusive case at the outset, there is certainly a need
to establish_ a good arguable case, _before an arrest warrant can be issued.
This determination plainly requires a preliminary assessment of the merits of
the claim_. [emphasis added]

45 It therefore appears clear from the Court of Appeal’s pronouncements that
some preliminary assessment of the merits of the case is required even at the
jurisdictional stage, and that the standard to which such merits are to be
established is that of a good arguable case. Rajah JA’s reference to Mareva
injunctions and Anton Piller orders is instructive. For both types of orders,
an applicant is required to establish a certain degree of merits to his case
before he can obtain the relief, even though the proceedings are only at an
interlocutory stage. A good arguable case on the merits must be shown in order
to obtain a Mareva injunction (see _Amixco Asia Pte Ltd v Bank Negara
Indonesia 1946_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 713), whereas an Anton Piller order will only
be granted if the applicant satisfies the court of an extremely strong _prima
facie_ case on the merits (see _Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v
Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch)_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901). The
imposition of such stringent conditions to show merits in the claim, at a
usually early stage of the proceedings, is justified based on the draconian
nature of the remedy. Since the arrest of a vessel is, as the Court of Appeal
pointed out in _The Vasiliy Golovnin_ , also a very powerful and invasive
remedy, it can be said that there ought likewise to be some test of merits
which must be satisfied. In this regard, a parallel can also be drawn where
the court is asked to exercise its “long-arm” jurisdiction by permitting
service of its process overseas. It is well established that a claimant who
wishes to effect service out of jurisdiction requires leave of court under O
11, which would only be granted if the claimant can satisfy the court, _on the
merits_ , that there is a serious issue to be tried: _Seaconsar Far East Ltd.
V Bank Markazi Jomhouri Islami Iran_ [1994] 1 AC 438; _Goodwill Enterprise
(Malaysia) v CT Nominees (in liquidation)_ [1996] 2 SLR 404.

[emphasis in original]

148 I was of the view that, with respect, there had been an undue focus by the
learned AR on the issue of the arrest of a vessel. It was well-established
that admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ could be invoked by simply serving the
writ _in rem_ on the vessel, without any arrest warrant being issued or arrest
taking place (as in this very case). If _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ truly
introduced a new jurisdictional merits test, independent of the provisions of
the HCAJA, into Singapore’s admiralty law, it must obviously have done so
regardless of whether the exercise of admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ was
accompanied by an arrest, for it would make little sense for the test of
jurisdiction to differ depending on the exact manner in which the plaintiff
chose to invoke it.

149 The essential question remained, however, whether _The Vasiliy Golovnin
(CA)_ was to be understood as having introduced such a test, and I considered
that the answer to that question had to be in the negative for a number of
reasons.

150 Primarily, as a matter of principle, the analogy between the arrest of a
vessel and Mareva injunctions or Anton Piller orders was, with respect to the
learned AR, doubly inaccurate. First, as I have explained (see [148] above),
any analogy to be drawn had to be between such ancillary relief and admiralty
jurisdiction _per se_ , and not merely the arrest of a vessel. Second, the
real question was not whether the invocation of admiralty jurisdiction _in
rem_ had consequences comparable to that of Mareva injunctions and Anton
Piller orders, but whether the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ and its
jurisdiction to grant such injunctions or orders were governed by the same
principles, and it was clear beyond peradventure that they were not.

151 As Goff J stated in _I Congreso del Partido_ (see [106] above),
jurisdiction in admiralty actions was statutory, and therefore defined by the
four corners of the HCAJA, which has generally (_The St Merriel_ , _The
Thorlina_ , _The Interippu_ , _The AA V_ and _The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ aside)
not been interpreted as requiring an examination of the merits of the
plaintiff’s claim for the purposes of deciding whether admiralty jurisdiction
_in rem_ exists.

152 In contrast, the jurisdiction to grant a Mareva injunction was based on s
45(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925 (15 & 16 Geo
5, c 49) (UK) (the “1925 Act”) (_Nippon Yusen Kaisha v Karageorgis and
another_ [1975] 1 WLR 1093 at 1095; and _Mareva Compania Naviera SA v
International Bulkcarriers SA_ [1975] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 509 at 510 (_per_ Lord
Denning MR in both cases)), which provided that “The High Court may grant… an
injunction… in all cases in which _it appears to the court to be just or
convenient_ to do so” [emphasis added]. An equivalent jurisdiction was to be
found in s 4(10) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (_Art Trend Ltd v
Blue Dolphin (Pte) Ltd and others_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 633 at [27]; _Swift-
Fortune Ltd v Magnifica Marine SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 629 at [65]), which was in
essentially the same terms. In _Rasu Maritima SA v Perusahaan Pertambangan
Minyak Dan Gas Bumi Negara (Government of the Republic of Indonesia
intervening)_ [1978] 1 QB 644, where the jurisprudential basis of the Mareva
injunction was clarified by the English Court of Appeal after hearing full
argument, Orr LJ (at 664), in laying down the requirement that an applicant
for a Mareva injunction had to show a “good arguable case” on the merits,
thought that that was one factor which, in accordance with s 45(1) of the 1925
Act, would make it “just” to grant an injunction. Lord Denning MR (at 661), in
addition to relying on the statutory language in s 45(1) of the 1925 Act of
“just and convenient”, reasoned by analogy from the test in _Vitkovice_ which,
as I have pointed out (at [85] above), was decided on the basis of the
similarly expansive wording of RSC, Ord 11, r 4(2). In other words, the
requirement of a “good arguable case” on the merits in cases of Mareva
injunctions was grounded firmly in the express words of the empowering
legislation. At the risk of stating the obvious, similar words were entirely
absent from the provisions of the HCAJA.

153 As for Anton Piller orders, I was of the opinion that any comparison
between such orders and an action _in rem_ had to take into account the very
different functions served by the former (_viz_ , interim preservation of
evidence) and the latter (_viz_ , pre-trial security), and in any event the
jurisdiction to grant an Anton Piller order was based on the inherent
jurisdiction of the court to do justice between the parties (_Anton Piller KG
v Manufacturing Processes Ltd and others_ [1976] 2 WLR 162 at 166 (_per_ Lord
Denning MR)). The requirement for an applicant for an Anton Piller order to
show an extremely strong _prima facie_ case on the merits was inseparably tied
up with the desire to do justice to the plaintiff (see for instance the
judgment of Ormrod LJ in the same case at 167).

154 The Mareva and Anton Piller jurisdictions were therefore firmly in the
discretion of the court, which could refuse to grant such relief if justice
did not demand it. While I recognised, of course, that the granting of a
warrant of arrest was also discretionary (_The Rainbow Spring (CA)_ at [32]),
the same, however, was not true of the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , which
the plaintiff was entitled to invoke as of right by satisfying the
requirements of the HCAJA. In such circumstances, there was neither room nor
need to impose a requirement that the plaintiff show a “good arguable case” on
the merits by analogy to the court’s jurisdiction to grant ancillary relief.

155 Similar objection had to be taken to the learned AR’s comparison of the
court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ to O 11 of the ROC, which I have
already cautioned against (see [85] above). Under the express terms of O 11,
service out of jurisdiction is permissible only at the court’s discretion (r
1), which will not be exercised in the plaintiff’s favour unless an affidavit
had been sworn deposing a belief that the plaintiff has a “good cause of
action” (r 2(b)), and where it has been made “sufficiently to appear” to the
court that the case is a proper one for service out of jurisdiction (r 2(2)).
Given those express legislative requirements, it was hardly surprising that
the plaintiff had to show a “serious issue to be tried” before he would be
permitted to utilise O 11 (_Seaconsar_ at 451 to 452). None of these
considerations, however, applied to the invocation of admiralty jurisdiction
_in rem_ under the HCAJA. Significantly, O 70 r 3(3) expressly excludes the
application of O 11 rr 2–8 to _in rem_ actions. Instead, O 70 r 7(1) requires
a writ _in rem_ to be served directly on the _res_. There was, therefore,
simply no parallel to be drawn between the invocation of the admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ and service out of jurisdiction under O 11 of the ROC. I
was fortified in this conclusion by _The Yuta Bondarovskaya_ , which, it will
be recalled (see [136] above), was a case where the defendants attempted to
set aside the plaintiff’s writ _in rem_ on the basis that they were not “the
person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ”, because
some other party, as the contracting party, was liable instead. Counsel for
the defendants argued that the same approach should be adopted to this
question as that adopted under RSC, Ord 11 by the House of Lords in
_Seaconsar_ (_ie_ , by asking whether there was a “good arguable case” of such
liability). Clarke J rejected this submission, stating (at 360–361) that “…
there [was] no support for such an approach in any of the cases in the 40
years or so since [the AJA 1956]”.

156 Quite apart, therefore, from the objections of principle was the fact that
introducing a merits test _dehors_ the HCAJA would place Singapore out of step
with the Commonwealth countries which have inherited England’s statutory
admiralty jurisdiction (_eg_ , the UK, Australia, New Zealand and Hong Kong),
none of which has seen fit to superimpose a jurisdictional merits requirement
on its equivalent of the HCAJA by analogy with Mareva injunctions and Anton
Piller orders. In this respect I was guided by the words of Scott LJ in _The
Tolten_ [1946] 1 P 135 at 142:

The question is, however, one of far-reaching importance and calls for careful
consideration of British admiralty law, and if there be doubt about that, then
of the general law of the sea amongst Western nations, out of which our
maritime law largely grew, and from which it is to the interest of maritime
commerce that it should not unnecessarily diverge. _Judicial action cannot of
course reverse a definite departure from the general law of the sea once
definitely taken by our own maritime law and expressed in the judgment of a
court which binds: but where there is doubt about some rule or principle of
our national law, and one solution of the doubt would conform to the general
law and the other would produce divergence, the traditional view of our
admiralty judges is in favour of the solution which will promote uniformity.
For this there are two good reasons, first, because that course will probably
be the true reading of our legal development, and, secondly, because
uniformity of sea law throughout the world is so important for the welfare of
maritime commerce that to aim at it is a right judicial principle_ – as many
of our admiralty judges have said in the past. [emphasis added]

Although it was of course true that our admiralty laws were in some respects
not the same as those of the rest of the Commonwealth, I have been at pains in
these grounds to demonstrate that, insofar as invoking the jurisdiction _in
rem_ of the court was concerned, the Commonwealth authorities spoke with one
voice, and if, as the learned AR thought, the Court of Appeal had truly
intended in _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_ to depart from the established
position and introduce a jurisdictional merits test into Singapore’s admiralty
law, I considered that it would have done so using language which left no room
for doubt as to its intention.

Conclusion on The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)

157 Consequently, I did not agree with the learned AR’s views on _The Vasiliy
Golovnin (CA)_ , but remained of the opinion which I expressed in _The Eagle
Prestige_ (at [58]), _viz_ , that [50]–[52] of _The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)_
were not concerned with invoking admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , and were
certainly not meant to introduce a new merits requirement before that
jurisdiction could exist/be invoked; rather, they expressed the Court of
Appeal’s anxiety that the court’s admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ , and in
particular its power of arrest, not be abused. Read in that context they were
simply references to striking out of the action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or
the inherent jurisdiction of the court, and/or discharging the warrant of
arrest for material non-disclosure, as methods of disposing, at an early stage
of the matter, unmeritorious admiralty actions (see [24] above). Setting aside
the writ and all consequent proceedings for lack of jurisdiction under O 12 r
7 of the ROC were governed solely by compliance with the HCAJA, under which
there was no enquiry into the merits of the plaintiff’s claim.

Conclusion

158 For all the foregoing reasons, I upheld the decision of the learned AR and
struck out the plaintiff’s action under O 18 r 19, but did not agree with his
decision setting aside the plaintiff’s writ _in rem_ under O 12 r 7 of the
ROC.

159 I also ordered that the costs of the appeal were to be awarded to the
defendant, to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]1st affidavit of Noraini Binti Ibrahim dated 3 March 2010 at para 28.

[note: 2]1st Affidavit of Choong-Ong Gek Hoon dated 5 April 2010 at pp 222 –
245.

[note: 3]5th Affidavit of Choong-Ong Gek Hoon dated 6 October 2010 at para 5.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ at p 11.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ at p 17.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ at pp 25 – 26.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ at para 12.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ at p 16.

[note: 9]1st Affidavit of Darren Middleton dated 19 March 2010 at para 12.

[note: 10]1st Affidavit of Choong-Ong Gek Hoon dated 5 April 2010 at pp 40 –
41.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at pp 42 – 43.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ at pp 46 – 57 and 60 – 64.

[note: 13]1st Affidavit of Yahya Bin Mohd Khalid dated 25 February 2010.

[note: 14]1st Affidavit of Darren Middleton dated 19 March 2010 at para 6.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at para 8.

[note: 16]_Ibid_ at paras 9 and 10.

[note: 17]1st Affidavit of Yahya Bin Mohd Khalid dated 25 February 2010 at
paras 6, 7, 8 and 11.

[note: 18]1st Affidavit of Lars H Nielsen dated 19 March 2010 at para 5.

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at para 6.

[note: 20]1st Affidavit of Grant Foulger dated 24 August 2010 at para 4.

[note: 21]_Ibid_.

[note: 22]_Ibid_ at para 5.

[note: 23]1st Affidavit of Shahrol Azam Bin Shaharum dated 27 April 2010.

[note: 24]_Ibid_ at para 7.

[note: 25]2nd Affidavit of Noraini Binti Ibrahim dated 27 April 2010 at pp 172
– 174.

[note: 26]_Ibid_ at pp 269 – 270.

[note: 27]_Ibid_ at pp 273 – 277.

[note: 28]_Ibid_ at pp 290 – 293.

[note: 29]_Ibid_ at p 290.

[note: 30]1st Affidavit of Yahya Bin Mohd Khalid dated 25 February 2010 at
para 8.

[note: 31]1st Affidavit of Darren Middleton dated 19 March 2010 at paras 18
and 19 and 1st Affidavit of Lars H Nielsen dated 19 March 2010 at paras 14 and
15.

[note: 32]1st Affidavit of Grant Foulger dated 24 August 2010 at para 5.

[note: 33]1st Affidavit of Choong-Ong Gek Hoon dated 5 April 2010 at para 39.

[note: 34]_Ibid_.

[note: 35]1st Affidavit of Shahrol Azam Bin Shaharum dated 27 April 2010 at p
10.

[note: 36]1st Affidavit of Choong-Ong Gek Hoon dated 5 April 2010 at p 462.

[note: 37]1st Affidavit of Noraini Binti Ibrahim dated 3 March 2010 at pp 375
to 378.

[note: 38]1st Affidavit of Noraini Binti Ibrahim dated 3 March 2010 at p 465.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

