Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Ryan _v_ Lua Ming Feng Alvin and another  
[2011] SGHC 151

Case Number| :| Suit No 74 of 2010 (Summons No 1368 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Colin Liew AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Namsivayam Srinivasan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff; Patrick Yeo and Lim Hui Ying (KhattarWong) for the first defendant;
Niru Pillai (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Ryan — Lua Ming Feng Alvin and another  
  
14 June 2011|  
---|---  
  
Colin Liew AR:

Introduction

1 This was an application by the plaintiff for an interim payment of $80,000
from the first defendant pursuant to O 29 r 10 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”). I granted the plaintiff’s
application, and, given the novelty of some of the issues involved, I now
provide the grounds of my decision.

2 Under O 29 r 11(1) of the Rules of Court, the court has the power to make an
order for interim payment, but this power is curtailed in the circumstances
provided for in O 29 r 11(2). For convenience, the relevant provisions of O 29
r 11 are as follows:

**Order for interim payment in respect of damages (O. 29, r. 11)**

**11**.—(1) If, on the hearing of an application under Rule 10 in an action
for damages, the Court is satisfied —

…

(_b_) that the plaintiff has obtained judgment against the defendant for
damages to be assessed; …

…

the Court may, if it thinks fit and subject to paragraph (2), order the
defendant to make an interim payment of such amount as it thinks just, not
exceeding a reasonable proportion of the damages which in the opinion of the
Court are likely to be recovered by the plaintiff after taking into account
any relevant contributory negligence and any set-off, cross-claim or
counterclaim on which the defendant may be entitled to rely.

(2) No order shall be made under paragraph (1) in an action for personal
injuries if it appears to the Court that the defendant is not a person falling
within one of the following categories:

(_a_) a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim; or

(_b_) a person whose means and resources are such as to enable him to make the
interim payment.

3 It was not disputed that O 29 r 11(1)(_b_) of the Rules of Court was
satisfied, since the plaintiff had obtained interlocutory judgment against the
first defendant (see [9] below). Instead, the dispute was essentially as to O
29 r 11(2), _ie_ , whether the first defendant was “a person who is insured in
respect of the plaintiff’s claim” or “a person whose means and resources are
such as to enable him to make the interim payment”. Due to the somewhat
awkward phrasing of O 29 r 11(2), I should clarify that in these grounds, when
I refer to either limb of O 29 r 11(2) “applying” or being “satisfied”, I mean
that an interim payment cannot be ordered, _ie_ , the defendant is _not_ , for
instance, a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim.

Background

Suit 74 of 2010

4 On 15 October 2008, at about 3.03am, while riding his motorcycle along the
Pan Island Expressway, the plaintiff was involved in a serious road accident
when a motor car (“SGT 6356X”) driven by the first defendant collided into
him. As a result of the accident, the plaintiff suffered serious injuries
which necessitated the amputation of a portion of his left leg.

5 The first defendant was not in fact the owner of SGT 6356X. That person was
his sister, Lua Bee Leng Sally (“Sally Lua”), who had been issued a
comprehensive motor insurance policy (“the Policy”) by M/s Allianz Insurance
Company of Singapore Pte Ltd ( “Allianz” or the “second defendant”, depending
on the capacity in which it acted). As required by the Motor Vehicles (Third-
Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), the
Policy provided insurance coverage to Sally Lua and other authorised drivers
of SGT 6356X in respect of, _inter alia_ , third party risks. It should be
said that the first defendant was driving SGT 6356X with the authority of
Sally Lua, and would, _prima facie_ at least, therefore have been insured
under the Policy.

6 Subsequently, in respect of the accident, the first defendant was charged
with, and on 13 August 2010 convicted of, _inter alia_ , an offence of driving
while under the influence of drink under s 67(1)(_b_) of the Road Traffic Act
(Cap 276, 2004 Rev Ed).

7 The plaintiff then commenced the present suit against the first defendant,
who, as is common in these types of cases, was initially represented by M/s
Global Law Alliance LLC (“Global Law”), the solicitors for Allianz. On 25 June
2010, however, Global Law wrote to the first defendant, stating that Allianz
repudiated liability under the Policy to indemnify him against the plaintiff’s
claim, on account of the fact that the first defendant had been driving while
under the influence of alcohol. Allianz’s purported repudiation of liability
under the Policy was pursuant to cl 5.3, which provided:

**5.3** **When are you not insured?**

You are not insured under any part of this Policy:

a) if Your Car is being driven by a person

…

iv) who has more than the legal limit of any alcohol in his blood or breath

…

8 Once Allianz purported to repudiate liability under the Policy, Global Law
was no longer in a position to act for the first defendant, and, accordingly,
on 26 October 2010 the first defendant engaged M/s KhattarWong to represent
him. Immediately thereafter, on 27 October 2010, Allianz applied to be joined
as the second defendant, represented by Global Law, which application was
granted on 24 November 2010. However, at all points in these proceedings, no
direct claim was being made by the plaintiff against the second defendant.

9 On 11 January 2011, the trial was heard by Andrew Ang J, and interlocutory
judgment was entered in favour of the plaintiff against the first defendant
only, with costs and damages reserved to the Registrar.

Summons 1368 of 2011: first hearing

10 That was the background against which the parties appeared before me on 11
May 2011 in respect of the plaintiff’s application for interim payment. It was
quite clear that O 29 r 11(1)(_b_) of the Rules of Court was satisfied (see
[3] above), and so the remaining question was whether O 29 r 11(2) precluded
me from entertaining the plaintiff’s application.

11 Counsel for the second defendant, Mr Niru Pillai, was unfortunately
scheduled to attend another hearing, and therefore was only able to briefly
set out the second defendant’s position. This was to the effect that the
second defendant did not consider itself to be in a position to consent or
object to the application, because it had repudiated liability _vis-à-vis_ the
first defendant, and its statutory obligation under s 9 of the Act to satisfy
a judgment obtained by the plaintiff was only triggered when the plaintiff
obtained a _final_ judgment. Mr Pillai thereafter left it to the first
defendant to deal with the plaintiff’s application.

12 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr N Srinivasan, clarified that interim payment
was only being sought against the first defendant and not the second
defendant. Mr Srinivasan’s submission in support of the application was
essentially that, notwithstanding that the second defendant had purported to
repudiate its liability under the Policy, nonetheless the first defendant was
still “a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim”, and
therefore O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) of the Rules of Court did not apply. For this
proposition Mr Srinivasan relied on _Du Zhao Di (suing as Committee of the
Person and Estate of Jiang Hui Ping) v Lee Chee Yian (Mayban General
Assurance, intervener)_ [2007] SGHC 88 (“ _Du Zhao Di_ ”), which he submitted
was on all fours with the present case, save that in _Du Zhao Di_
interlocutory judgment had not been obtained.

13 Counsel for the first defendant, Mr Patrick Yeo, objected to the
plaintiff’s application. He allied himself with the second defendant’s
position and argued that, since the second defendant had repudiated liability
under the Policy, and given that the second defendant was not obliged under
the Act to satisfy interlocutory judgments, the second defendant was therefore
not obliged to meet any order of interim payment. According to the English
Court of Appeal in _O’Driscoll v Sleigh and another_ (unreported, 20 November
1984) (“ _O’Driscoll_ ”), cited with approval in _Du Zhao Di_ , the test under
O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) was whether the insurer would be obliged to meet any interim
award. Since the second defendant was not so obliged, Mr Yeo submitted, the
first defendant was not “a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s
claim” and therefore O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) applied, making it impermissible for me
to make an order for interim payment.

14 There was also some argument as to O 29 r 11(2)(_b_), _ie_ , whether the
first defendant was “a person whose means and resources are such as to enable
him to make the interim payment”. Mr Srinivasan argued that since the first
defendant had been able to retain KhattarWong throughout these proceedings (as
well as proceedings in the Subordinate Courts in respect of his criminal
charges), O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) did not apply, while Mr Yeo’s response was that no
affidavit evidence had been produced by the plaintiff as to the first
defendant’s means and resources.

15 As I required some time to consider parties’ arguments, as well as the
applicability of _Du Zhao Di_ , I reserved my judgment.

Summons 1368 of 2011: second hearing

16 After considering the matter, however, I was concerned that certain points
had not been fully addressed during the hearing, and I therefore invited
parties to clarify the following:

(a)

The authorities on which the second defendant claimed to take the position
that, under s 9 of the Act, it was only obliged to satisfy final and not
interlocutory judgments;

(b)

The burden of proof under O 29 r 11(2) of the Rules of Court;

(c)

Evidence as to the means and resources of the first defendant for the purposes
of O 29 r 11(2)(_b_); and

(d)

Whether, if interim payment was ordered, it could be paid to the plaintiff
personally, or whether it had to be paid to the Public Trustee pursuant to s 9
of the Act.

17 Parties appeared before me again on 13 June 2011, and, after hearing
arguments from counsel for all parties on the above points, I granted the
plaintiff’s application.

Issues

18 The issues which arose for my consideration, therefore, were as follows:

(a) Whether, notwithstanding that the second defendant had purported to
repudiate its liability under the Policy, the first defendant was nonetheless
“a person who is insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claims” within the
meaning of O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) of the Rules of Court; and

(b) Who bore the burden of proving whether the first defendant was “a person
whose means and resources are such as to enable him to make the interim
payment” within the meaning of O 29 r 11(2)(_b_), and whether that burden had
been discharged;

(c) Whether, if neither O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) nor O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) was
applicable, I ought to exercise my discretion to order interim payment, and if
so the amount of interim payment to be granted; and

(d) Whether, if interim payment was ordered, it could be paid to the plaintiff
personally, or whether, under s 9 of the Act, it had to be paid to the Public
Trustee.

O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the Rules of Court

20 I should say that, unlike the second issue under O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) of the
Rules of Court (see [47] below), no question of burden of proof arose under O
29 r 11(2)(_a_), because, as Mr Srinivasan rightly pointed out, the parties
being agreed on all material facts, the only questions were questions of law,
_viz_ , the meaning of the phrase “a person who is insured in respect of the
plaintiff’s claim” and whether the agreed facts fell within O 29 r 11(2)(_a_)
as properly construed. Although this question was ostensibly one of
construction of O 29 r 11(2)(_a_), that task was made more difficult due to
the fact that the scheme of compulsory third party motor insurance under the
Act had to be taken into account, because whether or not the first defendant
was “insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim” depended very much on some
of the provisions of the Act.

The Act

21 The Act originally derived from the UK’s Road Traffic Act 1930 (c 43) (UK)
(“the RTA 1930”) and its many iterations, the most material for present
purposes being the Road Traffic Act 1934 (c 50) (UK) (“the RTA 1934”), Road
Traffic Act 1972 (c 20) (UK) (“the RTA 1972”) and Road Traffic Act 1988 (c 52)
(UK) (“the RTA 1988”). The Act was introduced to ensure that innocent victims
of road accidents (“third parties”) would be adequately protected in the event
of fatality or bodily injury. As Tan Lee Meng, _Insurance Law in Singapore_
(Butterworths Asia, 2nd ed, 1997) explains at p 573:

The [Act], which is intended to safeguard the legal rights of third parties
who have been injured or killed by persons who use motor vehicles on the road,
establishes a system for compulsory motor insurance in Singapore with regard
to third party liability. It requires a motor insurer to meet the insured’s
obligations to a third party… in the event that the insured does not do so.

22 Some salient features of the Act should be mentioned. Under s 3 of the Act,
all users of motor vehicles must be issued an insurance policy which insures
the user and other authorised drivers against third party risks, in
particular, liability incurred by the user in respect of the death or bodily
injury of any person as a result of the use of the motor vehicle (see s
4(1)(_b_) of the Act). The insured person must also be issued a certificate of
insurance under s 4(9) of the Act. Once those requirements have been complied
with, the Act’s object is then to see that any third parties who are the
victims of road accidents will generally receive the compensation they are
entitled to, and it achieves this by, _inter alia_ , statutorily removing some
of the insurer’s freedom to contract out of its liabilities to the insured
person. Under ss 7 and 8 of the Act, for instance, the third party’s position
has been considerably strengthened by legislative intervention, because where
these sections apply, certain attempts by the insurer to restrict or exclude
its liability under the insurance policy to indemnify the insured person are
rendered ineffective, and the insurer will be contractually obliged to
indemnify the insured person under the insurance policy in respect of the
third party’s claim against the insured person for damages, which sums the
insurer may be able to recover from the insured person (as of right in the
case of s 8 of the Act, but only if the insurance policy so provides in the
case of s 7). As I will be referring to ss 7 and 8 later in these grounds, it
will be useful to set out exactly what they provide:

**Certain conditions in policies or securities to be of no effect**

**7.—**(1) Any condition in a policy or security issued or given for the
purposes of this Act providing that no liability shall arise under the policy
or security or that any liability so arising shall cease in the event of some
specified thing being done or omitted to be done after the happening of the
event giving rise to a claim under the policy or security shall be of no
effect in connection with such claims as are mentioned in section 4 (1) (_b_)
[_ie_ , claims in respect of death or bodily injury by third parties].

(2) Nothing in this section shall be taken to render void any provision in a
policy or security requiring the person insured or secured to repay to the
insurer or the giver of the security any sums which the latter may have become
liable to pay under the policy or security and which have been applied to the
satisfaction of the claims of third parties.

**Avoidance of restrictions on scope of policies covering third-party risks**

**8.—**(1) Where a certificate of insurance has been issued under section 4
(9) to the person by whom a policy has been effected, so much of the policy as
purports to restrict the insurance of the persons insured thereby by reference
to any of the following matters:

(_a_) the age or physical or mental condition of persons driving the vehicle;

(_b_) the condition of the vehicle;

(_c_) the number of persons that the vehicle carries;

(_d_) the weight or physical characteristics of the goods that the vehicle
carries;

(_e_) the times at which or the areas within which the vehicle is used;

(_f_) the horse-power or value of the vehicle;

(_g_) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular apparatus; or

(_h_) the carrying on the vehicle of any particular means of identification
other than any means of identification required to be carried by or under the
Road Traffic Act (Cap 276),

shall as respects such liabilities as are required to be covered by a policy
under section 4 (1) (_b_) be of no effect.

(2) Nothing in this section shall require an insurer to pay any sum in respect
of the liability of any person otherwise than in or towards the discharge of
that liability.

(3) Any sum paid by an insurer in or towards the discharge of any liability of
any person which is covered by the policy by virtue only of this section shall
be recoverable by the insurer from that person.

Finally, s 9 of the Act gives the third party who has obtained judgment
against the insured person a statutory right of action against the insurer,
allowing the third party to directly enforce his judgment against the insurer,
even if the insurer has avoided or cancelled the policy and is not therefore
liable to the insured person:

**Duty of insurers to satisfy judgments against persons insured in respect of
third-party risks**

**9.—**(1) If after a certificate of insurance has been issued under section 4
(9) to the person by whom a policy has been effected judgment in respect of
any such liability as is required to be covered by a policy under section 4
(1) (_b_) (being a liability covered by the terms of the policy) is obtained
against any person insured by the policy then, notwithstanding that the
insurer may be entitled to avoid or cancel or may have avoided or cancelled
the policy, the insurer shall, subject to this section, pay to the Public
Trustee as trustee for the persons entitled thereto —

(_a_) any sum payable thereunder in respect of the liability including any
amount payable in respect of costs; and

(_b_) any sum payable in respect of interest on that sum by virtue of any
written law relating to interest on judgments.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1) providing for the payment to the Public
Trustee —

(_a_) where the judgment is for a sum not exceeding the relevant amount, the
insurer may pay the sum to the person or persons entitled to the benefit of
the judgment; …

(3) No sum shall be payable by an insurer under subsections (1) and (2) —

…

(_b_) in respect of any judgment so long as execution thereon is stayed
pending an appeal; …

…

23 It was apparent, therefore, that simply because the second defendant had
purported to repudiate its liability to indemnify the first defendant under
the Policy in respect of the plaintiff’s claim, it did not follow that the
first defendant was not therefore “insured”: it might have been that, as a
matter of law, such repudiation was ineffective due to one of the provisions
of the Act, as was held to be the case in _Du Zhao Di_.

Du Zhao Di

24 The facts of _Du Zhao Di_ , as Mr Srinivasan noted, were materially similar
to those in the present case. The plaintiff and defendant were involved in an
accident when the defendant opened the door of his car and the plaintiff,
while riding a bicycle, collided into the open door. The plaintiff sued the
defendant seeking substantial damages. The defendant was initially represented
by lawyers acting for the intervener, Mayban General Assurance Berhad, who had
issued a third party motor vehicle insurance policy to the defendant. However,
as a result of the defendant’s non-cooperation in the preparation of the
defence, the intervener purportedly repudiated liability on the insurance
policy. The matter then came before the learned assistant registrar (“AR”) Mr
Mohamed Faizal on the plaintiff’s application for an interim payment. One of
the grounds on which the intervener opposed the application was that, given
that it had repudiated liability to the defendant under the insurance policy,
the defendant was not “insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim” within the
meaning of O 29 r 11(2)(_a_).

25 The learned AR rejected this argument. He held that the intervener’s
repudiation of liability under the insurance policy would not affect the
plaintiff for the following reasons:

33 … Insofar as the [plaintiff] was concerned, such a breach of the insurance
contract on the part of the defendant that would afford repudiation can only
operate _inter partes_ and not _omni partes_. Put another way, there was no
doubt that, so far as the [plaintiff] was concerned, the [defendant] was
covered by a valid policy of insurance, for it is conventional wisdom that
“conditions precedent to liability and conditions subsequent to avoiding
liability cannot be used in respect of claims by a third party in respect of
injury or death which has been caused by the injured tortfeasor”: see Goh-Low
Soen Yin _et al_ , “Insurance Law”, _Articles on Singapore Law_ (24, 2005).
For that reason, if, in fact, the term does attempt to impinge upon the rights
of third parties (such as the [plaintiff] here), it must necessarily be held
to be void (at least _vis-à-vis_ the third party), for **such a term would be
the quintessential form of term that would fall foul of s 7(1) of the Act** …

34 Therefore… I was of the view that the [intervener] would, by virtue of the
above reasoning, be treated, so far as the [plaintiff] was concerned, as
insurers with a duty to indemnify the defendant in respect of the claim. No
reliance can be had to the purported repudiation for the purposes of any
action that had been commenced by a third party, since such third party could
not, in law, be burdened by the ramifications of such a term that may
otherwise be binding on the parties _inter partes_. As such, **it was not open
for the [intervener] to argue that there had been repudiation since such
repudiation was predicated upon the efficacy of a term that had no effect****
_vis-à-vis_****the [plaintiff]**.

[emphasis added in bold]

The learned AR’s reasoning in these passages could be summarised as follows.
The intervener’s purported repudiation of its liability under the insurance
policy to indemnify the defendant in respect of the plaintiff’s claim was of
no effect as far as the plaintiff was concerned, because it fell foul of s
7(1) of the Act (see [22] above). Therefore, by operation of s 7(1), the
intervener was still contractually obliged to indemnify the defendant under
the insurance policy in respect of the plaintiff’s claim. As a result, the
defendant was to be considered “insured in respect of the plaintiff’s claim”
under O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) of the Rules of Court, and an interim payment could be
(and was) ordered.

O’Driscoll

26 At [35] of _Du Zhao Di_ , the learned AR found support for his approach in
the English case of _O’Driscoll_ , where the plaintiff was a passenger in a
bus and was injured when the bus braked suddenly, as a result of the first
defendant’s motor car losing a wheel and skidding across the road. The first
defendant was covered by a policy of motor insurance, which on the face of it
covered his potential liability to the plaintiff in respect of the accident.
However, as in _Du Zhao Di_ and the present case, his insurers purported to
repudiate their liability to him under the policy, on the basis of certain
clauses to the effect that the insurers would be relieved of liability if the
first defendant’s vehicle was defective or if he failed to give notice of the
accident to them within a specified time. The question for the Court of
Appeal, therefore, was whether the insurers’ purported repudiation of
liability meant that the first defendant was not “a person who is insured in
respect of the plaintiff’s claims” within the meaning of Order 29, rule
11(2)(_a_) of the Rules of the Supreme Court (SI 1965/1776) (“the RSC”) (_in
pari materia_ with O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) of the ROC).

27 Griffiths LJ held that the purpose of Order 29, rule 11(2) of the RSC was
to ensure that interim payments would only be ordered where it was likely that
such an order would be met, either because the defendant was insured and it
could be assumed that the insurance company would meet the interim payment, or
because the defendant himself had the means and resources to make the interim
payment. Griffiths LJ stated that the “obvious purpose” of Order 29, rule
11(2) of the RSC was to ensure that “costs and time are not wasted in making
applications for interim payments which, however meritorious, have no
realistic likelihood of being met.” Accordingly, his Lordship construed Order
29, rule 11(2)(_a_) of the RSC as being concerned with whether “there is a
policy in existence which obliges an insurer to meet an interim award”. As
stated (see [13] above), this conclusion was adopted by the learned AR in _Du
Zhao Di_ (at [37]), and I would add my respectful agreement that Griffiths
LJ’s views enunciate the true purpose of O 29 r 11(2) of the ROC.

28 On the facts of _O’Driscoll_ , Griffiths LJ held that the application of
Order 29, rule 11(2)(_a_) of the RSC was not attracted, as a result of s 148
of the RTA 1972, subsection (2) of which was in all material respects
identical to s 7 of the Act, while subsection (1) corresponded to s 8 of the
Act (see [22] above). It will be recalled that the insurers in _O’Driscoll_
attempted to repudiate liability to the first defendant under the policy
pursuant to clauses relating to the condition of the vehicle and notice to be
given by the first defendant. Insofar as reliance on the former clause was
concerned, that was rendered ineffective by s 148(1)(_b_) of the RTA 1972
(corresponding to s 8(1)(_b_) of the Act), while the insurer’s attempt to
invoke the latter clause was nullified by s 148(2) of the RTA 1972
(corresponding to s 7(1) of the Act). Consequently, Griffiths LJ concluded
that “[s]o the position is that insurers will, by virtue of those two
subsections, be treated, so far as the plaintiff is concerned, as insurers
with a duty to indemnify the first defendant in respect of her claim”, and
therefore the first defendant was “insured in respect of the plaintiff’s
claim”, and Order 29, rule 11(2)(_a_) of the RSC did not apply.

Discussion

(1) Authorities inapplicable

29 Notwithstanding the fact that both _Du Zhao Di_ and _O’Driscoll_ appeared
to be strongly in the plaintiff’s favour, I was of the view that neither
authority directly applied on the facts of this case, because both judgments
turned on legislative provisions which did not apply here.

30 Both _Du Zhao Di_ and _O’Driscoll_ relied on s 7 of the Act (or its English
equivalent) to hold that the purported repudiations of liability under the
respective policies were of no effect (_vis-à-vis_ the plaintiffs).
Unfortunately, s 7 of the Act only applies where the contractual clause in
question relieves the insurer of liability “in the event of some specified
thing being done or omitted to be done _after the happening of the event
giving rise to a claim under the policy_ ” [emphasis added]. In _Du Zhao Di_ ,
the “specified thing” was the defendant’s non-cooperation in the preparation
of the defence, while in _O’Driscoll_ it was the first defendant’s failure to
give sufficient notice. Both of these unquestionably occurred after the
happening of the event which gave rise to a claim under the respective
policies, _viz_ , the accidents. In this case, however, the “specified thing”
was the first defendant’s driving while under the influence of alcohol (see
[7] above), which occurred _before_ the accident, and as a result s 7 of the
Act could not apply.

31 Admittedly, it was possible to reach a different conclusion if one was
inclined to take a very narrow reading of cl 5.3 of the Policy. On such a
reading, whether SGT 6356X was driven by a person with “more than the legal
limit of any alcohol in his blood or breath” could only be determined with any
certainty when the driver was charged or upon his conviction by a court of
law, and if so then in this case that determination only took place _after_
the occurrence of the accident giving rise to the plaintiff’s claim. Such a
reading of cl 5.3, however, was highly strained and surely did not reflect the
intention of the parties to the Policy, and as such was not an interpretation
which I considered as being open to me to take.

32 The decision in _O’Driscoll_ also rested on the English equivalent of s
8(1)(_b_) of the Act (see [28] above), but clearly cl 5.3 of the Policy had
nothing to do with “the condition of the vehicle”.

(2) Section 8(1)(_a_) of the Act

33 Notwithstanding this, however, _O’Driscoll_ showed the way forward, because
if cl 5.3 of the Policy fell foul of any of the other limbs of s 8(1) of the
Act, the second defendant’s purported repudiation of liability under the
Policy would have been of no effect _vis-à-vis_ the plaintiff. The prime
candidate in this respect was s 8(1)(_a_), _ie_ , could cl 5.3 be regarded as
a term of the Policy which purported to “restrict the insurance of the person
insured… by reference to… (a) the age or physical or mental condition of
persons driving the vehicle”? In other words, could driving under the
influence of alcohol be said to relate to a “physical or mental condition”?

34 Robert Merkin, _Colinvaux’s Law of Insurance_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 9th ed,
2010) at para 22-036, says of s 148(2)(_a_) of the RTA 1988 (_in pari materia_
with s 8(1)(_a_) of the Act):

… This does not extend to a condition requiring the assured to exercise
reasonable care and to employ only steady and sober drivers, but _conditions
prohibiting driving by persons under the influence of drugs or alcohol are
outlawed_.

[emphasis added]

Unfortunately, the authorities cited in relation to this last proposition were
_Louden v British Merchants’ Insurance Co Ltd_ [1961] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 154 (“
_Louden_ ”), _Criminal Proceedings against Rafael Ruiz Bernáldez_ , Case
C-129/94 [1996] ECR I-289 (“ _Bernáldez_ ”), a decision of the European Court
of Justice, and _Storebrand Skadeforsikring AS v Finanger_ [2000] Lloyd’s Rep
IR 462 (“ _Finanger_ ”), a decision of the European Free Trade Association
Court. _Louden_ will be discussed later (see [36] below), while both
_Bernáldez_ and _Finanger_ proceeded on the basis of European Union law and
were therefore of no assistance to me.

35 In Robert Merkin and Jeremy Stuart-Smith, _The Law of Motor Insurance_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 2004) at para 5-138, the following passage appears in a
discussion of s 148(2)(_a_) of the RTA 1988:

The insurers may not rely upon any policy term relating to “the age or
physical or mental condition of persons driving the vehicle.” **This
provision** has been held not extend [_sic_] to a condition requiring the
assured to exercise reasonable care and to employ only steady and sober
drivers, although it **clearly extends to conditions which purport to restrict
the insurers’ liability where the vehicle is being driven by persons under the
influence of drugs or alcohol**. In _Bernaldez_ the European Court of Justice
confirmed that a compulsory cover could not exclude liability for loss or
damage inflicted by a drunken driver. **The English courts had independently
reached the view prior to the adoption of compulsory insurance that
intoxication was no defence to a claim on a policy**.

[emphasis added in bold]

_Tinline v White Cross Insurance Association, Limited_ [1921] 3 KB 327 (“
_Tinline_ ”) and _James v British General Insurance Company, Limited_ [1927] 2
KB 311 (“ _James_ ”), which were cited as authorities for the final sentence
in the above quotation, were unhelpful, for they preceded the introduction of
compulsory third party motor insurance, and they only decided that, as a
matter of public policy, an insured person was not precluded from suing his
insurer for an indemnity in respect of liability incurred by him towards a
third party who had been killed or injured as a result of the insured person’s
criminal conduct, as long as such conduct was negligent rather than
intentional (see to similar effect the decision of the Singapore Court of
Appeal in _The New India Assurance Co Ltd v Woo Ching Fong_ [1962] MLJ 432).
_Tinline_ and _James_ , therefore, were decided solely on the basis that the
rule of public policy known as _ex turpi causa non oritur actio_ did not
apply, and, because in neither case was there a clause in the insurance policy
by which the insurer purported to restrict the scope of the policy or exclude
its liability by reference to the insured person’s criminal behaviour,
_Tinline_ and _James_ did not need to consider whether the insurers could rely
on such a clause.

36 In _Louden_ (which was the authority cited in _The Law of Motor Insurance_
in relation to the proposition that s 148(2)(_a_) of the RTA 1988 “clearly
extends to conditions which purport to restrict the insurers’ liability where
the vehicle is being driven by persons under the influence of… alcohol” (see
[35] above)), the court was required to confront just such a question. There
the insured person had taken out a comprehensive motor insurance policy, which
contained an exclusion clause stating that the insurer would not be liable
under the policy to the insured person in respect of bodily injury “sustained
whilst under the influence of… intoxicating liquor”. The insured person died
as a result of an accident which occurred while he was under the influence of
alcohol, and the question was whether the insurer was liable under the policy
to the insured person’s estate. Lawton J held (at 158) that, on the evidence,
the insured person had been under the influence of intoxicating liquor within
the meaning of the exclusion clause (on which see [41] below), and gave
judgment for the insurer. However, _Louden_ was not directly relevant because,
there being no claim by a third party, there was no consideration of the
English equivalent of s 8(1)(_a_) of the Act.

37 Similarly, in _Marcel Beller Ltd v Hayden_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 472 (“
_Marcell Beller_ ”), a life assurance policy excluded liability for “death…
directly or indirectly resulting from… the insured person’s own criminal act”,
and the insured person had died in a road accident caused by his driving under
the influence of drink contrary to s 5 of the RTA 1972. The court held that
the insurer was entitled to rely on the exclusion clause and deny liability to
the insured person. Again, however, _Marcell Beller_ was not quite on point
because no question of compulsory third party motor insurance was involved.

38 The above cases therefore fell into two categories. There were cases
(_James_) which held that, at common law, an insurer could not exclude
liability (under the doctrine of _ex turpi causa_) to indemnify the insured
person against a third party’s claim by reference to the insured person’s
drink driving, but where the policy in question did not contain an exclusion
clause. There were also cases (_Louden_ and _Marcel Beller_) which held that,
at common law, an insurer could exclude liability to the insured person by
reference to an exclusion clause relating to his being under the influence of
alcohol or his criminal behaviour, but which only concerned the insured
person’s own claim, and not a claim by him for an indemnity in respect of
damages to be paid to a third party victim.

39 Consequently, somewhat surprisingly, it appeared that the question of
whether a clause in an insurance policy, such as cl 5.3 of the Policy, which
excluded the insurer’s liability to indemnify the insured person against a
third party’s claim where the insured person had been driving under the
influence of alcohol fell foul of s 8(1)(_a_) of the Act was untouched by
authority, and it was open to me to consider the matter from first principles.

40 It seemed to me that there was every reason to construe s 8(1)(_a_) of the
Act as nullifying cl 5.3 of the Policy.

41 First, on a literal interpretation, I could not see how a clause in an
insurance policy which referred to the driver of a vehicle having “more than
the legal limit of any alcohol in his blood or breath” did not relate to the
“physical or mental condition” of the person driving the vehicle. A
contamination of a person’s bloodstream by a foreign substance (such as
alcohol) seemed to me to be eminently a matter of that person’s “physical…
condition”. The manner in which the exemption clause in _Louden_ had been
construed was also instructive in this regard. Lawton J, in interpreting the
words “under the influence of intoxicating liquor”, applied a construction
which had long been settled in England since the case of _Mair v Railway
Passengers Assurance Company, Ltd_ (1877) 37 LT 356, _viz_ , that those words
connoted the disturbance of “the balance of a man’s mind” or “the quiet, calm,
intelligent exercise of the faculties” (_Louden_ at 157). That appeared to me
to indicate that exclusion clauses in insurance policies which referred to
driving under the influence of alcohol (or variants thereof) were to be
understood as relating to the “mental condition” of the driver.

42 Second, a purposive interpretation (as required by s 9A of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)) led to the same conclusion. Section 8
of the Act had its origins in s 10 of the RTA 1934 (see _Colinvaux’s Law of
Insurance_ at para 22-036 at fn 309), which was enacted to ensure that the
system of compulsory third party motor insurance established by the RTA 1930
was not circumvented and undermined by motor insurers contracting out of
liability by imposing terms and conditions of their choosing (see _Zurich
General Accident and Liability Insurance Company, Limited v Morrison and
others_ [1942] 2 KB 53 at 61 to 62 (_per_ Goddard LJ)). Section 10 of the RTA
1934 (and now s 8 of the Act) was to be seen, therefore, as preventing motor
insurers from excluding liability for common risks, in keeping with the avowed
purpose of the Act of ensuring compensation to third party victims of road
accidents (see [21] above). Viewed in this light, it was entirely
understandable for the UK Parliament to have provided that insurers could not
escape liability by stipulating that the insurance policy did not cover
liabilities arising, for example, from drivers being underage (now embodied in
s 8(1)(_a_) of the Act), or in poor health (s 8(1)(_a_)), or from vehicles
that were poorly maintained (s 8(1)(_b_)) or overloaded (s 8(1)(_c_) and
(_d_)). That these occurrences were frequent dangers in 1934 could be seen
from the fact that most if not all of them were prohibited under the RTA 1930
(see for instance ss 3, 5, 9, 25 and 30 of the RTA 1930), and I considered it
reasonable to regard driving while under the influence of drink (proscribed by
s 15 of the RTA 1930) as a common risk that insurers were to be prevented from
deploying as a basis on which to escape liability under the insurance policy.

43 In addition, I did not regard this construction of s 8(1)(_a_) of the Act
as being particularly oppressive towards motor insurers, who were, after all,
given a statutory right under s 8(3) of the Act (see [22] above) to claw back
from the insured person whatever moneys had to be paid out as a result.

Conclusion on O 29 r 11(2)(a) of the ROC

44 For the foregoing reasons, I concluded that the second defendant’s
purported repudiation of liability under the Policy to indemnify the first
defendant in respect of the plaintiff’s claim, pursuant to cl 5.3 of the
Policy, was of no effect as far as the plaintiff was concerned, by operation
of s 8(1)(_a_) of the Act. As such, the second defendant was still
contractually obliged to indemnify the first defendant against the plaintiff’s
claim, and that being the case, there was clearly a policy of motor insurance
in existence which obliged an insurer to meet an interim payment, and
therefore, in accordance with Griffith LJ’s views in _O’Driscoll_ (see [27]
above), O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) of the Rules of Court did not apply.

O 29 r 11(2)(b) of the Rules of Court

45 It was held in _Du Zhao Di_ (at [29]) that the two limbs of O 29 r 11(2)
were to be read disjunctively, so it was sufficient for the success of the
plaintiff’s application that at least one of the limbs of O 29 r 11(2) did not
apply.

46 In the event that I was wrong in my construction of O 29 r 11(2)(_a_) of
the Rules of Court, therefore, it was necessary to consider whether the same
result would be reached (_ie_ , that the interim payment could be ordered),
because O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) did not apply.

Burden of proof

47 Given the dispute between the parties over whether the evidence in this
case established that the first defendant was “a person whose means and
resources are such as to enable him to make the interim payment”, whether O 29
r 11(2)(_b_) applied turned on the issue of the burden of proof, hence my
invitation to parties to address me on this point (see [16] above).

48 Again, what authorities there were shed little light on this matter.
Neither _Du Zhao Di_ nor _O’Driscoll_ was applicable, because it was either
assumed without argument that the burden rested on the plaintiff (_Du Zhao Di_
at [23] and [30]), or it was accepted that O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) in fact applied,
_ie_ , the defendant did not have the means and resources to enable him to
make the interim payment (_O’Driscoll_). Indeed, I was not directed to any
case where the question of the burden of proof under O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) had
arisen for explicit consideration.

49 Although I was initially inclined to the view that the burden of proof
under O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) rested with the plaintiff, I eventually decided that
the burden of proof was on the first defendant, as a result of ss 105 and 108
of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”), which provide:

**Burden of proof as to particular fact**

**105**. The burden of proof as to any particular fact lies on that person who
wishes the court to believe in its existence, unless it is provided by any law
that the proof of that fact shall lie on any particular person.

…

**Burden of proving fact especially within knowledge**

**108**. When any fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the
burden of proving that fact is upon him.

50 In _Wong Leong Wei Edward and another v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd_
[2010] SGHC 352 at [29], Steven Chong J approved the view (see _Sir John
Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law of Evidence_ (V Kesava Rao ed) (LexisNexis
Butterworths Wadhwa Nagpur, 18th ed, 2008) at p 4476) that s 108 was:

… designed to meet certain exceptional cases in which it would be impossible,
or at any rate disproportionately difficult, for the [plaintiff] to establish
facts which are ‘especially’ within the knowledge of the [defendant] and which
[the defendant] could prove without difficulty or inconvenience… The word
‘especially’… means facts that are pre-eminently or exceptionally within his
knowledge.

51 Whether the first defendant had the “means and resources… to enable him to
make the interim payment” within the meaning of O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) was a fact
especially within the first defendant’s knowledge, and the first defendant
could (dis)prove it without difficulty or inconvenience, whereas it would be
impossible or disproportionately difficult for the plaintiff to prove it.
After all, it was hard to imagine who else but the first defendant would have
knowledge of his financial affairs. Consequently, the first defendant bore the
burden of proving that he was not “a person whose means and resources are such
as to enable him to make the interim payment”, whether as a particular fact
the existence of which he wished me to believe under s 105 of the EA, or as a
fact especially within his knowledge under s 108 of the EA.

52 I found clear support for this approach in _The “Asia Star”_ [2010] 2 SLR
1154, a decision of the Court of Appeal on the duty to mitigate in the context
of a breach of a voyage charterparty by the appellant shipowner’s failure to
deliver the chartered vessel. In rejecting the respondent charterer’s argument
that it had acted reasonably in refusing to spend US$399,500 to engage an
alternative available vessel (“the _Puma_ ”) and thereby mitigate its loss,
because of its impecuniosity, the Court of Appeal held that the burden of
proving the fact that chartering the _Puma_ would have been financially
prohibitive lay on the respondent, stating (at [63]):

In the present case, the respondent wished to rely on the alleged fact that
the additional US$399,500 which it would have had to pay if it had chartered
the _Puma_ was a financially prohibitive sum that it could not afford – _ie_ ,
**it wanted the court to believe in the existence of this fact (see s 105 of
the Evidence Act). This fact was “especially within the knowledge of [the
respondent]” for the purposes of s 108 of the Evidence Act since only the
respondent could be fully aware of all the relevant particulars of its own
financial position at the material time**. **Thus, … the respondent must
satisfactorily establish with cogent evidence that it**** _was_****indeed
unable to afford to spend an additional US$399,500 at the material point in
time** …

[emphasis added in bold]

Discharging the burden

53 The next question was whether the first defendant had discharged his burden
of proof by adducing evidence that he was not “a person whose means and
resources are such as to enable him to make the interim payment” under O 29 r
11(2)(_b_) of the Rules of Court.

54 No affidavit evidence was produced by the first defendant to prove that he
lacked the means and resources to enable him to make the interim payment. In
contrast, as Mr Srinivasan pointed out, the first defendant had retained
KhattarWong throughout these proceedings and those in the Subordinate Courts
(see [14] above), and I was entitled to presume under s 116(_f_) of the EA
that, in the common course of business, KhattarWong would have charged (and
the first defendant would have agreed to pay) a not insignificant retainer. On
that basis, I was not persuaded that O 29 r 11(2)(_b_) of the Rules of Court
had been made out by the first defendant.

Whether to order interim payment and the quantum to be ordered

55 This issue could be taken relatively shortly. Since neither O 29 r
11(2)(_a_) nor (_b_) of the Rules of Court applied, it was appropriate for me
to exercise my discretion to order interim payment in view of the plaintiff’s
dire injuries and his consequent need to pay for his medical treatment, which
I was told is ongoing. As for the quantum, Mr Yeo very fairly conceded at the
first hearing that if interim payment was to be ordered, he would not quarrel
with the sum of $80,000.

Whether interim payment was to be paid to the plaintiff personally

56 This issue initially arose because I considered it possible that, if s 9 of
the Act applied in this case, under s 9(1)(_a_), an interim payment obtained
by the plaintiff against the first defendant, being a sum payable under a
judgment in respect of a liability required to be covered by the Policy, had
to be paid by the second defendant to the Public Trustee (see [22] above).

57 However, upon further consideration, it became clear to me that s 9 of the
Act was not being invoked (because the plaintiff was not making a direct claim
against the second defendant but was merely applying for interim payment
against the first defendant) and, unlike s 8 (see [44] above), had no other
relevance in this case. Therefore, as a matter of course, interim payment was
to be paid by the first defendant to the plaintiff personally.

58 I should add that, thus far, I have not referred to the first and second
defendants’ submission that, under s 9 of the Act, the second defendant is
only obliged to satisfy final and not interlocutory judgments (see [11] and
[13] above). Nonetheless, as both defendants founded themselves strongly upon
this argument, it would be a disservice to their counsels’ efforts if I did
not articulate my reasons for agreeing with their submissions, albeit only
tentatively, because the question of whether s 9 of the Act applied to
interlocutory as well as final judgments appeared never to have arisen before
and I was therefore unguided by authority on an issue which was not directly
pertinent to this application.

59 First, although s 9 of the Act does not in terms distinguish between final
and interlocutory judgments, some of the language in s 9, _eg_ , s 9(2)(_a_)
which speaks of a “judgment _for a sum_ not exceeding the relevant amount”
[emphasis added] (see [22] above), more naturally described final rather than
interlocutory judgments (see also s 9(3)(_b_) which speaks of “execution” of
the judgment – interlocutory judgments cannot be enforced (_Tan Kim Seng v
Ibrahim Victor Adam_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 181 at [31])).

60 Second, in virtually all the cases in which s 9 had been successfully
relied upon, the third party had obtained final judgment against the insured
person. Indeed, it was difficult to imagine why the third party would need to
rely on s 9 of the Act to enforce an interlocutory judgment (obtained against
the tortfeasor) against the insurer by applying for an interim payment to be
paid by the insurer to the Public Trustee. The only situation in which such a
course of action was conceivably necessary was where the insurer had purported
to repudiate liability to the insured person, but such repudiation was
rendered ineffective _vis-à-vis_ the third party due to ss 7 or 8 of the Act,
and the third party had obtained interlocutory judgment and an order for
interim payment against the insured person, who then absconded from
jurisdiction. Even so, however, it was surely more principled to require the
third party to avail himself of the normal measures for executing court orders
(to enforce the order for interim payment), and/or proceed expeditiously to
final judgment before resorting to s 9 of the Act, than to distort the natural
language of s 9 in order to force it to encompass interlocutory judgments.

61 My attention was also drawn to _The Public Trustee Practice Circular 1 of
2004: Administration of Accident Compensation Monies under the Motor Vehicles
(Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189)_ , para 7 of which stated
clearly that “[t]he Public Trustee will not administer any cases for interim
payment only”. Although this was, strictly speaking, an administrative
restriction imposed by the Public Trustee rather than a legal one under s 9 of
the Act, the Public Trustee’s position reinforced the view that, in practice,
there was little or no need for the third party to use s 9 of the Act to
enforce an interlocutory judgment (obtained against the tortfeasor) against
the insurer.

62 Had it been necessary to decide the point, therefore, I should have thought
that s 9 of the Act ought to be construed as covering only final and not
interlocutory judgments. Fortunately, however, the point did not arise in the
present case, and therefore I need say no more about this issue.

Conclusion

63 For all the foregoing reasons, I granted the plaintiff’s application for an
interim payment of $80,000 from the first defendant, pursuant to which I made
an order in terms of prayers 1 and 2 of the summons.

64 Since the plaintiff succeeded against the first defendant, I ordered that
costs of $2,000 be paid by the latter to the former. However, as the second
defendant had been unnecessarily burdened by these proceedings despite the
fact that the plaintiff had no direct claim against it, I ordered that the
plaintiff pay costs of $500 to the second defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

