Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ang Jeanette _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 100

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 148 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Roderick Edward Martin, SC and Mohamed Baiross (Martin &
Partners) and Vijay Kumar (Vijay Kumar & Co) for the appellant; Christopher
Ong Siu Jin and Magdalene Huang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent; Goh Yihan (Faculty of Law, National University of Singapore)
(Young Amicus Curiae).  
Parties| :|  Ang Jeanette — Public Prosecutor  
  
26 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 By employing the latest technology, enormous amounts of money can be easily
moved around the globe from country to country and from account to account
almost instantaneously. Efforts to track the movement of the proceeds of crime
are frequently unsuccessful, given the smokescreens and layering that envelop
such transactions and the sophistication of underground banking systems. The
concealment of proceeds from crime has in itself become a global industry.
Attempts to snuff out money laundering activities are akin to battling the
Lernaean Hydra and the international nature of money laundering requires
active international cooperation. International conventions have been entered
into by many countries and these have found their way into domestic law. In
Singapore, the legislative response to international initiatives is presently
contained in the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes
(Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the CDSA”). Some
absorbing issues of statutory interpretation and public policy have been
raised in this matter. How has Parliament struck a balance between protecting
the civil rights of individuals and the need to protect society from the
scourge of money laundering by arming the enforcement agencies with effective
legal tools?

2 This case involves appeals by Ang Jeanette (“the Appellant”), a 52-year-old
businesswoman, against her conviction and sentence on five charges under s
44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA. The crux of the appeal against conviction pertains to
the construction of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA, and in particular, whether, in
order to prove a charge under that said section, the Prosecution must
establish that the moneys involved were in fact the benefits of criminal
conduct. As will be seen, the answer to that question will also shed light on
the other elements of the _actus reus_ of the offence.

Background facts

3 In her grounds of decision rendered on 1 June 2010 (see _Public Prosecutor v
Jeanette Ang_ [2010] SGDC 232 (“the GD”)), the District Judge (“the DJ”) set
out (at [3]–[25] of the GD) the salient facts in admirable detail. As an
understanding of the facts of this case is necessary to facilitate an
understanding of the legal issues, I will summarise them here.

Fraudulent bank transfers from the United States to Singapore

4 On 15 July 2008, the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) received
information that funds had been fraudulently transferred from the United
States of America (“the US”) to accounts in Standard Chartered Bank (“SCB”) in
Singapore. These accounts were in the names of two Singaporeans, Mesenas
Aloysious James (“Aloysious”) and Ang Poh Seng (“Poh Seng”). In particular,
Poh Seng’s account was registered under his sole proprietorship named CityAds
Media (“CityAds”). In the course of investigation, it was revealed that
Aloysious had also opened accounts in Development Bank of Singapore Limited
(“DBS”), Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”) and United
Overseas Bank Limited (“UOB”) (together with SCB collectively called “the
Singapore banks”), into which large sums of moneys had been transferred from
the US. Withdrawals had also been made from all these accounts.

5 The bank records produced by the Singapore banks disclosed that between 13
June and 14 July 2008, the following transactions involving these bank
accounts were made:

Date/ Amount received  |  Sender / Bank |  Receiver / Bank |  Date / Amount withdrawn  
---|---|---|---  
13 June 2008 US$473,000.00 (S$651,001.20) |  Mark L Morris / Severn Savings Association, Maryland |  Aloysious / DBS |  13 June 2008 S$650,000.00  
3 July 2008 US$343,897.00 (S$466,142.38) |  James McCormick / Citibank NA, New York |  Aloysious / UOB |  3 July 2008 S$466,142.38  
10 July 2008 US$894,871.17 (S$1,211,208.13) |  Larry R Andrews / Orion Bank |  CityAds / SCB |  10 July 2008 S$1,211,208.12  
11 July 2008 US$503,031.00 (S$679,091.85) |  Larry R Andrews / Orion Bank |  Aloysious / SCB |  11 July 2008 S$679,091.00  
14 July 2008 US$61,231.98 (S$82,683.79) |  Richard D Kippes / Wachovia Bank, Philadephia |  Aloysious / OCBC |  14 July 2008 S$82,683.79  
  
  

6 At the trial, Michael A Nail (“Nail”), a Special Agent with the US Federal
Bureau of Investigation (“FBI”), who was the lead investigator in a FBI
investigation concerning several money transfers from the US to the Singapore
banks’ accounts, gave background information as to how the moneys found their
way into the subject Singapore accounts. His testimony, which was not
challenged by the Appellant’s solicitors, provides a compelling narrative
detailing how a few manipulative individuals carried out an audacious banking
scam and then moved the proceeds of their crimes across the globe in a bid to
disguise the origins of the moneys.

7 In December 2007, the FBI received a complaint from a victim that his Home
Equity Line of Credit (“HELOC”) account had been compromised by fraudsters who
had wire-transferred US$280,000 from his HELOC account. A HELOC loan is
typically obtained by consumers in the US on the value of their homes and is
usually used to obtain money for emergency funds, college expenses and home
repairs. This investigation revealed that Tobechi Onwuhara (“Tobe”) had called
the victim’s bank, impersonated that victim’s identity (using call cards which
concealed the phone number of the caller) and then wire-transferred US$280,000
to a bank in Hong Kong. Further investigations revealed that fraud on a
massive scale involving several other accounts had been perpetrated in similar
fashion. Tobe and Michael Walters (“Michael”) had conspired to fraudulently
wire-transfer large amounts of money from the accounts of several hundred
victims. The amount of money transferred abroad amounted to several millions
of US dollars. Some of those wire transfers were made to the Singapore banks’
accounts opened in the names of Aloysious and Poh Seng and are reflected in
the table at [5] above. Roland James Kesslar (“Kesslar”) was another
Singaporean who featured in Nail’s investigations.

8 As a result of Nail’s investigations, nine persons who were responsible for
wiring moneys for Tobe have been apprehended and sentenced in the US. Michael
and Tobe remain at large while Kesslar was convicted in Singapore of an
offence under s 39 of the CDSA on 4 August 2009 and fined $10,000.

The Appellant’s involvement

9 The Appellant is married with two children. Her highest educational
qualification is the passing of the Singapore ‘A’ Level examination. She has
been in business for 20 years and was at the material time running a modest
retail trade store called “The Gift Shop”. Her store was at a split unit in
Brooke Road, for which she paid S$550 in rent per month. It is material to
also set out her financial situation. She had a POSB account which had a
balance of some S$20,000 as at April 2008 but that balance dropped to
S$6,515.12 in July 2008.

10 The Appellant’s brother, Richard Ang (“Richard”), had been released from
prison in 2006. He lived with her for a while after his release but left
sometime in July 2006. The Appellant knew he was overseas but did not know
exactly where. On 13 June 2008, Richard called her, saying that he was in
trouble and needed her help. He told her that one “Mike” would call her
shortly and she was to take instructions from him regarding receiving money
from someone and remitting it overseas. When she queried him what the money
was for and whom she would be remitting it to, he told her not to worry and
that he would talk to her later. Shortly after that, she received a telephone
call from someone with an American accent who introduced himself as “Mike”.
Mike instructed her to proceed to the DBS branch at Shenton Way and meet
someone called Aloysious. Even though she did not know who Aloysious was, she
complied with Mike’s directions and met Aloysious as instructed. There, in her
presence, Aloysius withdrew money, placed it in a bag, and asked her to carry
the bag as he had a limp. They got into a car and Aloysious counted the money,
kept some and then handed the balance to her, telling her to wait for further
instructions. She later received a call from Mike who instructed her to remit
the money through any remittance agent whom she was familiar with, using
details that she received via an SMS text message. She went to a money-
changing and remittance company at Parkway Parade, Yakadir Pte Ltd
(“Yakadir”), and made two remittances to Michael, splitting up the remittances
as instructed by Mike. She was not paid for these remittances and did not tell
her husband about them.

11 On 3 July 2008, she received another request from Mike to remit more money.
Though she was initially reluctant, she later acceded to his request when he
said that it would be helping Richard and added that “there would be something
in it” for her. Acting upon Mike’s instructions, she contacted Aloysious and
met him at the UOB branch at Battery Road. In the bank, Aloysious passed her
the money and they went to her car where Aloysious counted the money, kept
some and passed the rest to her. She proceeded to a branch of OCBC and
deposited the money into Yakadir’s account with OCBC. She called Yakadir and
instructed them to remit the money to Michael in Indonesia. Mike told her to
keep the balance of $50,000 which he would get from her later. The next day,
she met Mike and passed him that sum of money in an envelope, out of which he
gave her two $1,000 notes. Mike told her that Richard was fine. In her
statements to CAD, she said that at that time, it did cross her mind that it
was “fishy money” but she “put it out of [her] mind”. She also stated that
Aloysious (from whom she had received the moneys) had not offered any
explanation for the money, stating further that she “did not ask him [_ie_ ,
Aloysious]” and “didn’t want to know”.[note: 1]

12 Her next encounter with Mike and Aloysious was on 10 July 2008. Following
Mike’s instructions on the telephone, she met Aloysious at Serangoon Gardens.
Aloysious told her that he had trouble cashing a cheque at the SCB branch
there and asked her to send his companion and him to the SCB branch at Battery
Road. She did so. After Aloysious and his companion were done at SCB, she went
back to her car with them. Aloysious passed her an envelope, telling her that
it contained “a million plus”. Mike then gave her further instructions on the
telephone to bank in the money in two deposits. Pursuant to those directions,
she proceeded to an OCBC branch near the SCB Battery Road branch to bank in
two amounts of cash (S$546,207.80 and S$478,100.00) into Yakadir’s OCBC
account and returned home with the remaining cash. Mike subsequently called
her, telling her to take S$3,000 out from the remaining cash and give him the
balance. She took the S$3,000 out, left it at home and went to Yakadir where
she received US$350,000 (equivalent then to S$478,100). She then met Mike at
Marriott Hotel where she handed him the US$350,000 and some S$120,000.

13 The next day, on 11 July 2008, Mike told the Appellant on the telephone
that there was “one more pick up”. Although she thought this was strange,
since he was in Singapore and presumably could remit the money himself, she
followed his instructions and arranged to meet Aloysious at the SCB branch at
Battery Road where Aloysious gave her an envelope saying, “All yours.” She
once again proceeded to Yakadir and remitted S$580,606 to Michael in Indonesia
as instructed. Instead of using her own name for this transaction, she used
Richard’s name, explaining at trial that she was “getting fed up and ... did
not want to use [her] name anymore as [she] was uneasy that [she] may have
problems with the ‘tax man’”. She then met Mike again at Marriott Hotel and
handed him a sum of money between S$50,000 and S$60,000. When she asked him
why he did not remit the money himself, his reply was that he did not drive
and it was inconvenient to use a taxi. She “half believed” his answer,
accepting that it was inconvenient to use a taxi while having reservations as
to his other reply.

14 She received her final assignment on 14 July 2008 when Mike called her from
overseas. She told him that “this was getting a bit too far”; he assured her
that “this would be small and [the] last one”. She informed him that she did
not wish to remit any more money and that she would not use her name for
further remittances. She met Aloysious around lunch time at Alexandra Village
where he handed her an envelope and told her that the amount was about
S$70,000. She held on to the money under Mike’s instructions until he called
her around 4.00pm and asked her to change the money into US dollars. She
converted it into US$51,000, leaving some loose change in Singapore dollars
which she kept. At around 8.00pm in the evening, Mike called her again and
told her to meet someone called “James” at a hotel at Kitchener Road at
10.30pm. Meeting “James” for the first time, she passed him an envelope
containing the US$51,000. That was the last she heard from Mike. She later met
“James” again in the police lock-up and “James” turned out to be Kesslar.

15 On 21 July 2008, Aloysious called her and told her that there was trouble,
meaning that he had been “picked up by the police and released”. She
immediately threw away her mobile phone but kept the SIM card, as she was
afraid that the phone would “connect [her] to Aloysius [_sic_] and the rest”.

Telephone records

16 The above facts were largely disclosed by the Appellant in her statements
to CAD. The information about telephone calls that she had made to and
received from Aloysious (such as the date and time of such calls) was
corroborated by her mobile phone records. Numerous calls from three telephone
numbers with a “60” prefix were received on Aloysious’s mobile phone. Calls
were made and text messages were sent to those same telephone numbers. Calls
from those telephone numbers were also received on the Appellant’s mobile
phone on the dates on which she stated she had received calls from Mike.

17 Interestingly, her records also showed that she had received calls on her
mobile phone from a telephone number on various occasions in June and July
2008. Messages from this same telephone number were received in Aloysious’s
mobile phone, including messages which read, “Sender Larry R. Andrews ... USD
894,879.17 to CityAds Media from Orion Bank ...” (on 10 July 2008) and “Same
sender Larry R. Andrews same Orion Bank ... USD 503,056” (on 11 July 2008).
One of the messages sent to the telephone number read, “Is yr sis
coming”.[note: 2] The DJ inferred that the person operating the telephone
number was Richard.

Evidence of remittance and money-changing

18 The Appellant’s account of the remittance and money-changing transactions
at Yakadir corresponded with the receipts produced by Yakadir.

19 The five transactions which formed the basis of the five charges against
her were the following:

Date |  Location of her receipt of money |  Amount |  Who she passed the money to  
---|---|---|---  
13 June 2008 |  Car park outside DBS Shenton Way branch |  Rp1,807,191,000.00 (S$267,732.00) Rp2,025,000,000.00 (S$300,000.00) |  Michael Michael  
3 July 2008 |  UOB Battery Road branch |  US$280,000.00 (S$385,000.40) |  Michael  
10 July 2008 |  Car park outside SCB Battery Road branch |  US$400,020.00 (S$546,207.80) |  Ningbo MH Industry Company Ltd   
11 July 2008 |  SCB Battery Road branch |  Rp3,907,478,380.00 (S$580,606.00) |  Michael  
14 July 2008 |  Alexandra Village |  US$51,000.00 (S$69,360.00) |  Kesslar  
  
  

20 At the close of the Prosecution’s case, the Appellant made a submission of
no case to answer. Based on the evidence before her, the DJ was of the view
that the charges against the Appellant should be amended so as to substitute
the words “having reasonable grounds to believe” therein for the word
“knowing”[note: 3], and, further, that there was sufficient evidence to call
upon the Appellant to enter her defence. However, the Appellant elected not to
testify, called no witnesses and adduced no evidence on her own behalf. The DJ
then convicted the Appellant on all five charges preferred against her. In
respect of each of the first four transactions listed in the table above, the
DJ sentenced the Appellant to six months’ imprisonment since they concerned
the remittance of moneys overseas. For the last transaction, in view of the
considerably lower amount of money involved, the DJ sentenced the Appellant to
three months’ imprisonment. The DJ ordered one six-month imprisonment term and
one three-month imprisonment term to run consecutively, with the remaining
imprisonment terms to run concurrently. Thus, the Appellant was sentenced to a
total of nine months’ imprisonment.

The DJ’s view on s 44(1) of the CDSA

21 Parties in the court below relied mainly on case law from two
jurisdictions, the United Kingdom (“UK”) and Hong Kong, to support their
contentions as to how s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA ought to be construed. As the
discussion below will show, the lines of authority from these two
jurisdictions diverge on the issue of whether the Prosecution is required to
prove as part of the _actus reus_ of an offence under their respective
statutes criminalising money laundering (for ease of reference, such an
offence is hereinafter referred to as a “money laundering offence”) that the
moneys handled by the accused person were indeed the benefits of criminal
conduct. Noting (at [41] of the GD) that the money laundering offences under
the UK and Hong Kong statutes are not identical to an offence under s 44 of
the CDSA, the DJ approached the matter from first principles and concluded (at
[45] of the GD) that:

[I]t is **not** part of the _actus reus_ that the accused must deal with
proceeds of crime; the nature or quality of the property is relevant only for
the accused’s mental element. Accordingly, it is my view that it is **not** a
requirement of the offence under section 44 of the CDSA that the prosecution
must prove that the property involved in the arrangement was indeed benefits
of criminal conduct. [emphasis in original]

With regard to the _mens rea_ of a s 44(1)(_a_) offence, the DJ held that
there is no need for the Prosecution to prove that the accused person had a
“specific notion” (see the GD at [58]) of the criminal conduct from which the
moneys are derived. In her view (at [57] of the GD):

[O]ne should look at the facts or “reasonable grounds” available to the
accused person, and determine what inferences a reasonable man in that
position would make thereon. If those facts would cause the reasonable man,
only after a little thought, to believe that the property could be the
proceeds of _any_ serious offence or foreign serious offence, then this would
be sufficient to constitute reasonable grounds for him to suspect that the
property was proceeds of criminal conduct. [emphasis added]

The proper interpretation of s 44(1)(a) of the CDSA

Whether criminal conduct needs to be proved

22 As mentioned above at [2], the main point of contention in this case is
whether an offence under s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA can only be established if
the Prosecution proves that the moneys involved were in fact the benefits of
criminal conduct. The material portions of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA provide as
follows:

**Assisting another to retain benefits from criminal conduct**

**44**. —(1) Subject to subsection (3), a person who enters into or is
otherwise concerned in an arrangement, _knowing_ or _having reasonable grounds
to believe that_ , by the arrangement –

(_a_) _the retention or control by or on behalf of another (referred to in
this section as that other person) of that other person’s benefits of criminal
conduct is facilitated (whether by concealment, removal from jurisdiction,
transfer to nominees or otherwise)_ ; or

...

_and knowing or having reasonable grounds to believe_ that that other person
is a person who engages in or has engaged in criminal conduct or has benefited
from criminal conduct shall be guilty of an offence.

[emphasis added]

23 In sum, there are two alternative approaches to interpreting s 44(1)(_a_)
of the CDSA.

24 Under the first interpretation, the _actus reus_ of the offence is made out
if an accused “enters into or is otherwise concerned in an arrangement”
stipulated in the section. The rest of the words in s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA
relate only to the _mens rea_ of the offence. Thus, the phrase “benefits of
criminal conduct” relates solely to the accused “knowing” or having
“reasonable grounds to believe” that the moneys he is handling are the
benefits of criminal conduct. There is no further requirement for the
Prosecution to prove that the moneys are indeed “the benefits of criminal
conduct.” It follows from this that, under this interpretation, there is also
no need for the Prosecution to prove that, by the arrangement, the retention
or control of those benefits by the “other person” was facilitated, or that
that other person engages in or has engaged in criminal conduct, or has
benefited from it.

25 Under the second interpretation, the _actus reus_ of the offence is made
out if a person “enters into or is otherwise concerned in an arrangement”
stipulated in the section. However, the rest of the words in s 44(1)(_a_) of
the CDSA are not solely a _mens rea_ requirement. Of course, the Prosecution
must still prove that the accused knows or has “reasonable grounds to believe”
that the moneys he is handling represent the “benefits of criminal conduct”,
_ie_ , proceeds of crime, that the accused knows or has “reasonable grounds to
believe” that the arrangement facilitates the retention or control of those
benefits by the “other person”, and that that other person is a “person who
engages in or has engaged in criminal conduct or has benefited from criminal
conduct”. In addition, however, the moneys must actually be the benefits of
crime, the retention or control of those benefits by the “other person” must
actually be facilitated by the arrangement, and that other person must
actually engage in or have engaged in criminal conduct or have benefited from
criminal conduct. In other words, those phrases are elements of the _actus
reus_ that need to be proved in order to make out an offence under s
44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA.

26 As a matter of statutory construction, s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA is fairly
capable of taking on either of the two interpretations stated above. Given
that this is so, the legislative history of the CDSA must be considered to
ascertain the legislative intention behind this provision. Indeed, this
purposive approach is now statutorily mandated (see _Public Prosecutor v Low
Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [41]). For the avoidance of doubt, I should
add that I use the words interpretation and construction interchangeably in
these grounds when I refer to the process of ascertaining the Parliamentary
intention underpinning a statutory provision or scheme.

The statutory background of the CDSA

(1) The Vienna Convention and the Palermo Convention

27 The CDSA was enacted in 1999, with the amalgamation of the Drug Trafficking
(Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 84A, 1993 Rev Ed) (the “1993 DTA”) and the
Corruption (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A, 1990 Rev Ed) (the
“C(CB)A”), two years after Singapore formally acceded to the United Nations
Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic
Substances, 1988 (“the Vienna Convention”) in October 1997 (see the statement
of the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng, at the Second Reading of
the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Bill, (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Reports_ (1 June 1998) vol 69 at col 46 )). At the Second Reading of
the Corruption, Drug Trafficking and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of
Benefits) (Amendment) Bill (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Reports_ (19 September 2007) vol 83 at col 1965 (Senior Minister of State for
Home Affairs, Associate Professor Ho Peng Kee)), it was commented that:

Clauses 9 and 10 will amend sections 46 and 47 to enable CAD to investigate
into and prosecute anyone who is only involved in the receipt and onward
transmission of property derived from serious offences, as well as confiscate
proceeds of crime in the possession of a third party. The new offences would
also enable us to comply with the obligations under the Vienna and Palermo
Conventions, and in line with the recommendations by [the Financial Action
Task Force on Money Laundering].

28 Given that the CDSA was enacted shortly after Singapore’s accession to the
Vienna Convention, it is plain that one of the key objectives behind its
enactment was to align our domestic legislation with the requirements of the
Vienna Convention. Article 3 of the Vienna Convention provides that:

Article 3

OFFENCES AND SANCTIONS

1\. Each party shall adopt such measures as may be necessary to establish as
criminal offences under its domestic law, when committed intentionally:

...

b) (i) The conversion or transfer of property, **_knowing that such property
is derived from any offence or offences_** established in accordance with
subparagraph  _a)_ of this paragraph [subparagraph (a) refers to drug
trafficking generally], or from an act of participation in such offence or
offences, **_for the purpose of concealing or disguising the illicit origin of
the property or of assisting any person who is involved in the commission of
such an offence or offences to evade the legal consequences of his actions_**
;

(ii) The concealment or disguise of the true nature, source, location,
disposition, movement, rights with respect to, or ownership of property,
**_knowing that such property is derived from an offence or offences_**
established in accordance with subparagraph  _a_) of this paragraph or from an
act of participation in such an offence or offences;

…

11\. Nothing contained in this article shall affect the principle that the
description of the offences to which it refers and of legal defences thereto
is reserved to the domestic law of a Party and that such offences shall be
prosecuted and punished in conformity with that law.

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

29 The United Nations Convention against Transnational Organised Crime and the
Protocols thereto (“the Palermo Convention”) was adopted on 15 November 2000
and entered into force on 29 September 2003. Article 6 of the Palermo
Convention states:

_Article 6_. _Criminalization of_ **_the laundering of proceeds of crime_**

1\. Each State Party shall adopt, in accordance with fundamental principles of
its domestic law, such legislative and other measures as may be necessary to
establish as criminal offences, when committed intentionally:

(_a_)(i) The conversion or transfer of property, **_knowing that such property
is the proceeds of crime_** , for the purpose of concealing or disguising the
illicit origin of the property or of **_helping any person who is involved
in_** the commission of the **_predicate_** offence to **_evade the legal
consequences_** of his or her action;

(ii)The concealment or disguise of the true nature, source, location,
disposition, movement or ownership of or rights with respect to property,
**_knowing that such property is the proceeds of crime_** ;

(_b_) Subject to the basic concepts of its legal system:

(i)The acquisition, possession or use of property, **_knowing, at the time of
receipt, that such property is the proceeds of crime_** ;

(ii) **_Participation in, association with or conspiracy to commit, attempts
to commit and aiding, abetting, facilitating and counselling_** the commission
of any of the offences established in accordance with this article.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

30 Under both the Vienna Convention and the Palermo Convention, the _mens rea_
requirement for someone to be regarded as being involved in a money laundering
offence is that of _knowledge_. This can be seen from the use of the word
“knowing” in both conventions. The phrase “reasonable grounds to believe” (or
any equivalent) is entirely absent from the two conventions. As a matter of
general usage, when we say that a person “knows” something, what we are trying
to communicate is that the person is subjectively aware of a state of affairs
that really exists. For example, if we say that A knows that B is dead, what
we actually mean is that “B is dead, and A knows this.” Thus, the word “knows”
ordinarily conveys more than just a mental state; it also implies a factual
predicate that a certain state of affairs is in existence (see _R v Montila_
[2004] 1 WLR 3141 (“ _Montila_ ”) at [27]). Thus, according to the clear
wording of Art 3 of the Vienna Convention and Art 6 of the Palermo Convention,
what should be criminalised under the legislation of each State Party is the
laundering of _property derived from offences_ or _proceeds of crime_. Indeed,
the conduct that should be criminalised under Art 6 (_ie_ , conversion or
transfer of property, or concealment or disguise of the true nature, source,
location, disposition, movement or ownership of or rights with respect to
property) is that which is accompanied by _knowledge_ that such property is “
_derived from an offence_ ” or “ _the proceeds of crime_ ” [emphasis added].

31 This conclusion is fortified by the equally clear wording of Art 3 of the
Palermo Convention which states that:

_Article 3_. _Scope of application_

1\. This Convention shall apply, except as otherwise stated herein, to the
prevention, investigation and prosecution of:

(_a_) The offences established in accordance with articles 5, 6 [_ie_ ,
laundering of **_proceeds of crime_**] ... of this Convention; and

(_b_) **_Serious crime_** as defined in article 2 of this Convention;

where **_the offence is transnational in nature and involves an organised
criminal group_**.

[emphasis in original in italics, emphasis added in bold italics]

Hence, we can surmise that the purpose of the Vienna Convention and Palermo
Convention was to deal with people who were involved in the laundering of
_actual_ proceeds of crime. Furthermore, in _Combating Money Laundering and
Terrorist Financing: A Model of Best Practice for the Financial Sector, the
Professions and Other Designated Businesses_ (Commonwealth Secretariat, 2nd
Ed, 2006) (first published by the Commonwealth Secretariat in 2005 as Economic
Paper 70 in the Commonwealth Economic Paper Series), the authors described Art
6 of the Palermo Convention in the following terms (at p 63):

Under Article 6 activities relating to ‘money laundering’ must be
criminalised. This extends not only to cash but to _any form of property which
is the proceeds of crime_ , and includes any form of transfer or conversion of
the property for the purpose of concealing its true origin. Simple acquisition
or possession is also included if the person in possession _knows_ that the
property _is_ the proceeds of crime. [emphasis added]

32 The English Court of Appeal (at [30] of the decision in _R v El-Kurd
(Ussama Sammy)_ [2001] Crim LR 234 CA (Crim Div) (“ _El Kurd_ ”)) stated that
the Vienna Convention was intended to provide a framework both for _minimum
standards_ relating to the enforcement of the control of drugs, and a
framework for international co-operation. In the Hong Kong decision of _Oei
Hengky Wiryo v HKSAR (No 2)_ [2007] 1 HKLRD 568 (“ _Oei Hengky Wiryo_ ”),
McHugh NPJ noted (at [105]) that the Vienna Convention and other relevant
Conventions or instruments dealing with the confiscation of the proceeds of
crime lay down _legislative baselines_ with which parties to those Conventions
and instruments must comply. It is for each signatory to the Convention or
instrument to decide whether or not it wishes to enact domestic legislation
that is more extensive in reach.

(2) The enactment of the CDSA

33 The CDSA was enacted on 13 July 1999. Before the CDSA was enacted, the
money laundering regime in Singapore was governed primarily by two separate
acts, _viz_ , the 1993 DTA and the C(CB)A (see [27] above). The Drug
Trafficking (Confiscation of Benefits) (Amendment) Act 1999 (No 25 of 1999)
(“the 1999 Amendment Act”) repealed the C(CB)A and renamed the 1993 DTA the
CDSA. At the Second Reading of the Drug Trafficking (Confiscation of Benefits)
(Amendment) Bill (“the DT(A) Bill”), which was the bill that subsequently
resulted in the 1999 Amendment Act, the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan
Seng, commented (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ , (6
July 1999) vol 70 at col 1733):

[T]his Bill seeks to amend the [1993 DTA] to extend the asset confiscation and
anti-money laundering provisions of the [1993 DTA] beyond drug trafficking to
cover other serious crimes.

34 Section 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA is almost identical to s 41(1)(_a_) of the
1993 DTA, except that the latter provision referred to the retention of the
benefits of drug trafficking only and required an accused to _know_ that he
was facilitating another person’s retention or control of that person’s
benefits of drug trafficking. On the introduction, in the CDSA, of an
amendment to the 1993 DTA to allow an accused to be convicted based on
evidence showing that he had “reasonable grounds to believe” that another
person trafficked in drugs or the proceeds were derived from drug trafficking
or other serious crimes, the Minister for Home Affairs, Mr Wong Kan Seng,
commented that (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Reports_ , (6 July
1999) vol 70 at cols 1734 and 1739):

[C]lauses 22 to 25 [of the DT(A) Bill] amend the money laundering offences _to
clarify that the prosecution need not prove that the accused had actual
knowledge of the relevant facts, that is, that the person is a drug
trafficker, or that his proceeds are derived from drug trafficking or other
serious crimes. Instead, the accused can be convicted based on evidence
showing that he had “reasonable grounds to believe” that the person trafficked
in drugs or the proceeds were derived from drug trafficking or other serious
crimes. This would facilitate enforcement because in practice, proof of actual
knowledge is difficult to produce_. This is in line with the laws of many
countries.

...

As to whether we should have imposed “actual knowledge” instead of “reasonable
ground to believe”, the latter is a standard set in many other countries, and
I do not believe that we should be more stringent than the other countries.
Since we are part of the international community in this area, we should
therefore be in line with what the other countries are doing. We are not doing
more; we are not doing less than what others are doing. We are in keeping with
the international mood and climate and the trend as required of the other
countries.

[emphasis added]

35 It is apparent though that s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA goes beyond the
legislative baselines mandated by the Vienna Convention and Palermo Convention
(see above at [27]–[31]). Crucially, the addition of the phrase “reasonable
grounds to believe” to the “knowing” requirement lowers the _mens rea_
threshold significantly for a money laundering offence. Indeed, the stated
purpose of lowering the _mens rea_ requirement was to facilitate the
prosecution of money laundering offences because as the Minister pointed out
_“in practice, proof of actual knowledge is difficult to produce_ ”. This
explains why the Parliamentary debates on the enactment of the CDSA dwelt upon
the lowering of the _mens rea_ requirement and whether this was a deviation
from the two Conventions.

36 In contrast, during the Parliamentary debates, nothing was said on whether
it was appropriate to deviate from the Vienna Convention and Palermo
Convention by criminalising purported acts of money laundering, simply because
the parties had mistakenly thought that the money they were handling
represented the proceeds of crime, or because the would-be launderer had
mistakenly thought that his counterpart (the “other person”) had engaged in
criminal conduct. I find it hard to believe that Parliament could have
intended such a drastic change without any consultation or even mention of it
in Parliament. Evidently, Parliament’s addition of the phrase “reasonable
grounds to believe” was aimed principally at facilitating the prosecution of
money laundering by lowering the _mens rea_ requirement. How this might affect
any other predicate condition of a money laundering offence was apparently not
discussed.

UK authorities

37 My view that Parliament did not intend to criminalise mistaken acts of
money laundering (_eg_ , because the money did not represent proceeds of
criminal conduct) is further fortified by the fact that such an interpretation
of s 44(1)(_a_) is similar to the English courts’ interpretation of the
broadly similar UK provisions.

38 As mentioned above at [34], s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA is based substantially
on s 41(1)(_a_) of the 1993 DTA, except that the latter has a _mens rea_
requirement of knowledge, and applies only to the benefits of drug
trafficking. Section 41(1)(_a_) of the 1993 DTA was, in turn, based on s
24(1)(_a_) of the UK Drug Trafficking Offences Act 1986 (c 32) (“the UK 1986
DTOA”). At the Second Reading of the Drug Trafficking (Confiscation of
Benefits) Bill, the Minister for Home Affairs, Professor S Jayakumar stated
that (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20 March 1992) vol
59 at col 1375):

[T]he aim of this Bill is to deny drug traffickers the enjoyment of the
benefits of their crime by confiscating their assets which are derived from
drug trafficking. So that the Bill will be made effective, the laundering of
drug assets will also be made an offence and benefits derived from this
offence will be confiscated.

_The provisions of this Bill are based largely on the United Kingdom Drug
Trafficking Offences Act with modifications to suit local circumstances_.
Members will recall that our Corruption (Confiscation of Benefits) Act, 1989,
was also modelled on this United Kingdom law.

[emphasis added]

39 In 1994, the UK 1986 DTOA was replaced by the UK Drug Trafficking Act 1994
(c 37) (the “UK 1994 DTA”). In addition, the enactment of the UK Criminal
Justice Act 1988 (c 33) (“1988 CJA”) and UK Criminal Justice Act 1993 (c 36)
(“1993 CJA”) further extended the scope of the money laundering provisions to
other serious offences apart from drug trafficking offences, by including
similar provisions (to the UK 1994 DTA) where the references to “drug
trafficking” were replaced with “criminal conduct”. Although the wording of
these new provisions (s 50(1) of the UK 1994 DTA and s 93C(2) of the 1988 CJA)
differed from s 24(1)(_a_) of the UK 1986 DTOA, there is no indication that
the UK Parliament intended to change the nature of the offence. Accordingly,
given the similar statutory lineage which s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA shares with
s 24(1)(_a_) of the UK 1986 DTOA, the UK cases have persuasive force in the
interpretation of similar provisions in the CDSA.

40 In _Montila_ , the House of Lords, in its construction of s 49(2) of the UK
1994 DTA and s 93C(2) of the 1988 CJA, held that it was necessary for
prosecutions under these legislative provisions to prove that the property
being dealt with was the proceeds of crime or drug trafficking. Section 49(2)
of the UK 1994 DTA and s 93C(2) of the 1988 CJA are almost identical, except
that the former deals with proceeds of drug trafficking while the latter deals
with proceeds of criminal conduct. They are the equivalent of ss 46(2) and
47(2) of the CDSA respectively and read as follows (with the words in square
brackets being the points of difference between the two sections):

A person is guilty of an offence if, knowing or having reasonable grounds to
suspect that any property is, or in whole or in part directly or indirectly
represents, another person’s proceeds of [drug trafficking/criminal conduct],
he —

(a)conceals or disguises that property, or

(b)converts or transfers that property or removes it from the jurisdiction,

for the purpose of assisting any person to avoid prosecution for [a drug
trafficking offence/an offence to which this Part of this Act applies] or the
making or enforcement of a confiscation order.

41 The reasons given by the House of Lords for its decision in _Montila_ were,
_inter alia_ , as follows:

(a) the words “knowing or having reasonable grounds to suspect” provided a
strong indication that they were directed to activities in relation to
property which was in fact “another person’s proceeds of drug trafficking” or
“another person’s criminal conduct” (see _Montila_ at [28]);

(b) there was no defence available to an accused person if the property which
the accused person was alleged to have had reasonable grounds to suspect to be
“another person’s proceeds” turn out to be something different (see _Montila_
at [28]);

(c) in the context of s 49(1) of the UK 1994 DTA and s 93C(1) of the 1988 CJA,
which both state that a person is guilty if he does the things described in
relation to “his proceeds” of drug trafficking or of criminal conduct, there
was no doubt that the Crown had to prove that the property in question was the
proceeds of drug trafficking or of criminal conduct (see _Montila_ at [29]);
and

(d) it could be gathered from the headings and sidenotes of s 49(2) of the UK
1994 DTA and s 93C(2) of the 1988 CJA that the mischief that Parliament had
been seeking to address was the concealment, conversion or transfer of actual
proceeds so as to avoid prosecution for the conduct that gave rise to them,
_ie_ , _the fact that the property in question had its origin in drug
trafficking or criminal conduct was an essential part of the actus reus of the
offence_ (see _Montila_ at [31]–[37]).

42 The law in the UK concerning the laundering of proceeds of criminal conduct
is currently encapsulated in the Proceeds of Crime Act 2002 (c 29) (“2002
POCA”). Section 327 of the 2002 POCA makes it an offence to conceal, disguise,
convert or transfer criminal property, or to remove criminal property from the
jurisdiction. Section 329 makes it an offence to acquire, use or possess
criminal property. Section 326 defines criminal conduct as conduct which “(a)
constitutes an offence in any part of the UK, or (b) would constitute an
offence in any part of the UK if it occurred there” and criminal property as
property constituting “a person’s benefit from criminal conduct” or
representing “such a benefit (in whole or part and whether directly or
indirect)”, it being immaterial “(a) who carried out the conduct; (b) who
benefited from it”. Section 328 of the 2002 POCA deals with “Arrangements”.
Section 328(1) states that:

A person commits an offence if he enters into or becomes concerned in an
arrangement which he knows or suspects facilitates (by whatever means) the
acquisition, retention, use or control of criminal property by or on behalf of
another person.

Section 340(4) of the 2002 POCA also states that it is immaterial who carried
out the conduct, who benefited from it or whether the conduct occurred before
or after the 2002 POCA was passed. The offences created by ss 327 and 329 of
the 2002 POCA are broadly encapsulated in s 47(1) of the CDSA, while the broad
parallel for the offence created by s 328 of the 2002 POCA is s 44(1) of the
CDSA.

43 In _R v W(N) and others_ [2009] 1 WLR 965 (“ _R v W(N)_ ”), the accused was
charged under s 327 of the 2002 POCA for transferring £105,000 to three
defendants who had subsequently removed the money from the UK to Jamaica. The
Crown contended that in view of the large sums involved and the first
defendant's lack of any visible means of support, it could establish that the
money in question could only be “criminal property” within the meaning of s
340 of the 2002 Act.

44 The English Court of Appeal in _R v W(N)_ , applying _Montila_ , held that
a charge under s 327 of the 2002 POCA could only be sustained if the
Prosecution could prove that the money involved was actually criminal
property. In order to do so, _the Prosecution need not prove the commission of
a specific criminal offence by a particular individual, but should, as is
required by elementary fairness, identify the class of crime from which the
money is derived_ (see _R v W(N)_ at [37]–[38]). The English Court of Appeal
in _R v W(N)_ also contemplated (at [16]) that there may be cases in which the
inference from the available facts is that criminal activity is the only
reasonable and non-fanciful explanation for the presence of the relevant
property in the hands of the accused person concerned (even though there is
nothing to show what class of crime is involved); if in such cases such a
_prima facie_ inference is drawn, an evidential burden is cast on the accused
person to provide another explanation for his dealing with the property so as
to demonstrate that the inference is wrongly drawn (see _R v W(N)_ at [19]).

45 In my view, this approach is sound and should be applied to s 44(1)(_a_) of
the CDSA because of its consonance with the clear legislative intention and
undergirding policy. As I have explained above (at [33]–[36]), Parliament’s
intention in enacting s 44(1)(_a_) to criminalise the entering into of an
arrangement having “reasonable grounds to believe” that this would facilitate
the retention or control of another person’s benefits of criminal conduct
could not have been to do away with an element of the _actus reus_ (or any
other element of the _actus reus_ , for that matter), _viz_ , that the moneys
so dealt with are “benefits of criminal conduct”. Since “knowing” and “having
reasonable grounds to believe” are both in the _chapeau_ of s 44(1), the same
elements in the _actus reus_ should apply to both (albeit different) modes of
_mens rea_. Thus, in a situation where moneys dealt with via an alleged
arrangement were not in fact benefits of criminal conduct, an accused person
cannot be held to have had “knowledge” that the impugned arrangement would
facilitate the retention or control of those moneys; similarly, he should not
be found guilty of an offence if, instead of knowledge, he had reasonable
grounds to believe that the moneys were benefits of criminal conduct (but in
fact they were not).

46 I would further add that the prosecution of an accused person who laboured
under the mistaken belief that the moneys were benefits of criminal conduct
(or that the arrangement facilitated the retention or control of those
benefits by the other person, or that the other person engages in or has
engaged in criminal conduct or has benefited from it) is unlikely to further
the stated purpose of the Palermo Convention, _ie_ , “to promote cooperation
to prevent and combat transnational organised crime more effectively” (see Art
1 of the Palermo Convention). After all, if the moneys involved in a purported
arrangement were not in fact the proceeds of criminal conduct, or if the
arrangement did not in fact facilitate the retention or control by the other
person of his benefits of criminal conduct, or if the other person was or has
not engaged in criminal conduct or has not benefited from it, prosecuting the
entering into of such an arrangement would have little, if any, effect on
preventing and combating transnational organised crime. Neither would the
purpose of deterrence be served by adopting an over-inclusive interpretation
of a penal statute, since this purpose can be served just as well by
interpreting that statute in a way that allows police and prosecutorial
resources to be concentrated on the actual laundering of “dirty money”.

Hong Kong authorities

47 In this regard, I note that the Hong Kong courts, in dealing with the money
laundering offence under the Hong Kong Organized and Serious Crimes Ordinance
(Cap 455, LN 145 of 2002) (“OSCO”), _viz_ , s 25(1) of the OSCO, have held
that the Prosecution is _not_ required to prove that the moneys involved are
the proceeds of crime (see, _eg_ , _HKSAR v Wong Ping Shui & Another_ [2001] 1
HKLRD 346 (“ _Wong Ping Shui_ ”), _HKSAR v Yam Ho Keung_ [2002] HKCU 1230 (“
_Yam Ho Keung_ ”) and _Oei Hengky Wiryo_). This approach, to a large extent,
appears to have been adopted because of the peculiar wording of the money
laundering offence under s 25(1) of the OSCO, which provides as follows:

[A] person commits an offence if, _knowing or having reasonable grounds to
believe_ that _any property in whole or in part directly or indirectly
represents any person’s proceeds of an indictable offence_ , he _deals_ with
that property. [emphasis added]

In _Wong Ping Shui_ , the Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal held that “the
quality of the goods being such proceeds [_ie_ , of an indictable offence] is
therefore an element in the _mens rea_ but not the _actus reus_ ” (_per_
Ribeiro PJ at 348), which is defined solely as “dealing with property” (which
the accused person knows or has reasonable grounds to believe represents the
proceeds of an indictable offence). The Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal in
_Oei Hengky Wiryo_ agreed with this interpretation, holding that this
construction “is the natural and ordinary meaning” of s 25(1) of the OSCO
(_per_ McHugh NPJ at [100]).

48 In _Oei Hengky Wiryo_ , the court also distinguished the reasoning of the
House of Lords in _Montila_ on the basis of the difference in the wording of
the legislation in the UK defining money laundering offences. In McHugh NPJ’s
judgment (with which the other four judges in the Court of Final Appeal
agreed), given the terms of the UK legislation, _viz_ , s 93C(2) of the UK
1988 CJA, under which “the only property caught by the sub-section is property
that is or represents, another person’s proceeds of criminal conduct”, it was
“not surprising” that the House of Lords held that in a prosecution concerned
with an offence under that sub-section, the Prosecution must prove that the
property is or represents another person’s proceeds of criminal conduct (see
_Oei Hengky Wiryo_ , _per_ McHugh NPJ at [101]–[102]).

49 In like vein, owing to the differences in wording between the money
laundering offence as defined in s 25(1) of the OSCO and our s 44(1)(_a_) of
the CDSA, the Hong Kong line of authority should not be followed in Singapore.
Construing s 44(1)(_a_) based on its literal wording as well as its
legislative history, I am of the view that Parliament must have intended that
the only property caught by s 44(1)(_a_) is that which in fact represents
benefits of criminal conduct. Therefore, to make out an offence under s
44(1)(_a_), the Prosecution must prove as part of the _actus reus_ that:

(a) the accused has entered or is otherwise concerned in an arrangement;

(b) which (i) facilitates the retention or control by or on behalf of another
(“that other person”) of (ii) that other person’s benefits of criminal
conduct; and

(c) that other person is a person who engages in or has engaged in criminal
conduct or has benefited from criminal conduct.

50 In passing, I note that the Hong Kong courts have interpreted their
legislation as aimed at _“condemning the man who reasonably foresees that he
may be dealing in the proceeds of an indictable offence yet nonetheless goes
on to do it_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Yam Ho Keung_ at [15]). While this is a
perfectly understandable response to a crime which can often be hard to prove,
the difficulty of proving a fact should not detract from the requirement to
prove it, if, on a proper reading of the statutory wording of a money
laundering offence, it ought to be proved as an element of the _actus reus_. I
am confident that the interpretation of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA preferred in
this judgment strikes a fair balance between a realistic assessment of
prosecutorial abilities, and the need to avoid casting the criminal net too
widely to include activities that are not in the final analysis detrimental to
society. Indeed, the _methods_ by which the Prosecution may prove that the
moneys dealt with under an arrangement that allegedly offends against s
44(1)(_a_) are “benefits of criminal conduct”, or that the other person
engages in or has engaged in “criminal conduct”, or has benefited from it, is
a separate issue which I shall turn to next.

How to prove “criminal conduct”

51 Having concluded (at [49] above) that in order to make out an offence under
s 44(1)(_a_), the Prosecution is required to demonstrate as part of the _actus
reus_ of the offence that (_inter alia_) the property whose retention or
control the impugned arrangement is alleged to facilitate is indeed “benefits
of criminal conduct”, I turn now to address the next question: how can the
Prosecution prove that the property is derived from or represents the benefits
of “criminal conduct”, or that the other person engages in, or has engaged in,
or has benefited from, “criminal conduct”?

Parties’ arguments

52 Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Roderick Martin SC (“Mr Martin”), submitted
that the Prosecution is required to establish a link between the Appellant’s
belief as to the nature of the moneys and a specific predicate offence.
Furthermore, since the specific predicate offence that the Prosecution was
relying on to secure the conviction of the Appellant in this case allegedly
took place in the US, it was a “foreign serious offence”. Thus, according to
Mr Martin, pursuant to the definition of “foreign serious offence” in s 2(1)
of the CDSA, the Prosecution was required to produce a certificate purporting
to be issued by or on behalf of the US government (a “foreign certificate”) in
order to prove that there was criminal conduct which tainted the moneys
handled by the Appellant. Since the Prosecution did not fulfil this
requirement at the trial, it did not prove any specific predicate offence to
which the Appellant’s belief as to the nature of the moneys was linked.

53 The Prosecution, on the other hand, submitted that any references to
“benefits of criminal conduct” or “criminal conduct” relate solely to the
required _mens rea_ of the offence, and there was no requirement under s 44 to
prove a specific _predicate_ offence. Thus, according to the Prosecution, the
failure to produce a foreign certificate at the trial was not fatal and the
conviction should stand.

Criminal conduct

54 “Criminal conduct” is defined in s 2(1) of the CDSA principally as:

(_a_) doing or being concerned in, whether in Singapore or elsewhere, any act
constituting —

(i) a serious offence (other than an offence under section 44 or 47); or

(ii) a foreign serious offence …

(1) Serious offence

55 Under s 2(1) of the CDSA, “serious offence” means any of the offences
specified in the Second Schedule to the CDSA (“the Second Schedule”), or
inchoate offences relating to any of those offences, whereas “foreign serious
offence” means:

an offence (other than a foreign drug trafficking offence) against the laws
of, or of a part of, a foreign country stated in a certificate purporting to
be issued by or on behalf of the government of that country _and_ the act or
omission constituting the offence or the equivalent act or omission would, _if
it had occurred in Singapore_ , have constituted a _serious offence_[.]
[emphasis added]

56 In order to prove that the moneys handled by the Appellant were “dirty”,
the Prosecution has to show that there was some criminal conduct from which
the moneys were derived. If the conduct occurred in Singapore, it has to
constitute an offence listed under the Second Schedule in order to come within
the meaning of “criminal conduct”. Even if the conduct occurred outside
Singapore, it might still come within the definition of an offence listed in
the Second Schedule and fall to be treated as conduct constituting a “serious
offence”. To take an obvious example: suppose a Singapore citizen, while he
was overseas, corruptly received gratification as an inducement to enter into
a transaction. He would have committed an offence under s 5 of the Prevention
of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”) even though the receipt of
gratification occurred outside Singapore; under s 37(1) of the PCA, where an
offence under the PCA is committed by a citizen of Singapore in any place
outside Singapore, he may be dealt with in respect of that offence as if it
had been committed within Singapore. Thus, even though the act constituting
the offence against s 5 of the PCA took place “elsewhere”, that act falls
within the ambit of s 5 of the PCA and therefore constitutes a “serious
offence”, since offences under s 5 of the PCA are included in the Second
Schedule (see item 168 of the Second Schedule). The mere fact that the conduct
occurred in a place outside Singapore does not necessarily mean that that
conduct constitutes a “foreign serious offence” so as to necessitate the
production by the Prosecution of a foreign certificate.

57 In _R v Anwoir and others_ [2009] 1 WLR 980 (“ _Anwoir_ ”), the Prosecution
was unable to adduce any direct evidence as to the source of cash which the
appellants had been convicted of laundering, although there was evidence from
which the jury could infer that at least some of it came from drug trafficking
and some from tax fraud. The English Court of Appeal held (at [21]) that for
the purposes of a prosecution under s 328 of the 2002 POCA, the Crown could
prove that property was “criminal property” within the meaning of s 340 of the
2002 POCA either by (a) showing that it derived from a specific kind or kinds
of unlawful conduct; or (b) by evidence of the circumstances in which the
property had been handled which were such as to “give rise to the irresistible
inference that it can only be derived from crime”. The English Court of Appeal
reiterated this view in _R v F_ [2009] Crim LR 45 at [46] (see also the
incisive judgment of the Scottish High Court of Justiciary sitting as the
Criminal Appeal Court in _Ahmad v HM Advocate_ 2009 SLT 794 (particularly at
[12]–[25]) which sets out with great clarity the current English position).

58 This approach should similarly be adopted in Singapore given the wording of
s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA and the similarities in the architecture of the
respective statutory schemes. There is nothing in that provision that requires
or points to any need to impose on the Prosecution the heavy and impractical
burden of proving beyond reasonable doubt the crime or class of crime that may
constitute the predicate offence. Further, given the mischief this section is
intended to address, a court should be slow in reading in such a requirement.
On the other hand, as mentioned earlier (above at [45]) the Prosecution has to
adduce particulars of the commission of a predicate offence or a class
thereof. Such a construction provides sufficient flexibility to the
Prosecution in proving the predicate criminal conduct under the myriad factual
circumstances in which money laundering offences can be committed, and does so
without undermining the careful course that Parliament has steered between
requiring the Prosecution to prove the commission of a _specific predicate
criminal offence_ and allowing the Prosecution to make _wholly
unparticularised allegations of criminal conduct_. To elaborate, it is not
necessary for the Prosecution to satisfy the court beyond a reasonable doubt
that all the constituent elements of a specific offence listed in the Second
Schedule have been met. This approach would mitigate the Prosecution’s
understandable concern that it would have to prove _two_ offences to the same
exacting standards every time it undertakes a prosecution of an offence under
s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA. There is no reason to assume that Parliament
intended the Prosecution to go through the awkward and costly exercise of
summoning foreign witnesses to prove all the ingredients of a foreign offence
when these predicate offences are often in practice difficult to pin down.
Indeed, given the inherent difficulties of legal proof in most such matters,
taking such a technical view of the requirements of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA
would be tantamount to driving a coach and horses through it and robbing it of
its intended efficacy. It is, however, necessary for the Prosecution to adduce
some evidence linking the moneys in question with particular criminal conduct,
_ie_ , some act that may constitute one or other of the offences (or classes
thereof) listed in the Second Schedule, from which the moneys dealt with in an
arrangement under s 44(1)(_a_) are derived, and in which the other person is
engaged or has engaged, or from which he has benefited. Equally, circumstances
could well arise where the only logical inference to any reasonable person is
that the moneys involved in the arrangement are criminal property, and that
the other person engages in, or has engaged in, or has benefited from,
criminal conduct. I should add, parenthetically, that even with regard to
prosecutions arising out of sting operations, the Prosecution may be able to
prove that the moneys involved were derived from attempts to commit a serious
offence specified in the Second Schedule. It will all depend upon the facts.

(2) Foreign serious offence

59 As was mentioned above at [56], the mere fact that the criminal conduct
relied on by the Prosecution took place outside Singapore does not lead,
without more, to the requirement that the Prosecution has to prove that
criminal conduct as if it was a “foreign serious offence”, _ie_ , produce a
foreign certificate. Evidence pertaining to criminal conduct that took place
outside Singapore can be led to show that an act constituting one or another
of the offences listed in the Second Schedule has been committed, if that
offence is defined in the statute criminalising that act as having been
committed when committed in a place outside Singapore.

60 Alternatively, circumstances could well arise in which information is
received in Singapore from a foreign jurisdiction pertaining to the transfer
into Singapore of moneys derived from or representing the proceeds of criminal
conduct which took place in that foreign jurisdiction. If the state of the
information is such that it is insufficient by itself to constitute an offence
under the Second Schedule or to give rise to the inference that such an
offence has been committed, then it is necessary for the Prosecution to
produce a certificate purporting to be issued by or on behalf of the
government of that foreign jurisdiction stating the offence (other than a
foreign drug trafficking offence) against the laws of that foreign
jurisdiction which is constituted by that act purportedly taking place or
having taken place there.

61 According to the definition of “foreign serious offence” under s 2(1) of
the CDSA, there is a need to establish double criminality: where a foreign
certificate is required, not only must that impugned act constitute an offence
in that foreign jurisdiction (as stated in the foreign certificate), it must,
_in addition_ , also constitute an offence listed in the Second Schedule _if
it occurred in Singapore_. The purpose of this is not to impose additional
barriers to the prosecution of money laundering offences in Singapore where
the criminal conduct from which the moneys are derived occurs elsewhere.
Rather, it is to ensure that the courts do not criminalise the handling of
moneys derived from conduct which would _not_ constitute a serious offence in
Singapore if it occurred here. This is consonant with Singapore’s obligations
under Arts 6(2)(_b_) and (_c_) of the Palermo Convention which state that:

(_b_) Each State Party shall include as predicate offences all serious crime
as defined in article 2 of this Convention and the offences established in
accordance with articles 5, 8 and 23 of this Convention. In the case of State
Parties whose legislation sets out a list of specific predicate offences, they
shall, at a minimum, include in such list a comprehensive range of offences
associated with organized criminal groups;

(_c_) For the purposes of subparagraph (_b_), predicate offences shall include
offences committed both within and outside the jurisdiction of the State Party
in question. _However, offences committed outside the jurisdiction of a State
Party shall constitute predicate offences only when the relevant conduct is a
criminal offence under the domestic law of the State where it is committed and
would be a criminal offence under the domestic law of the State Party
implementing or applying this article had it been committed there_[.]

[emphasis added]

62 To illustrate, take the example of a particular mode of insider trading
that is criminalised in, say, the US. If that particular mode of insider
trading is _not_ outlawed under our statutory provisions pertaining to trading
in securities, or in any other penal legislation for that matter, evidence of
such insider trading that took place in the US would not constitute a serious
offence under the CDSA, given that none of the offences listed in the Second
Schedule would cover such conduct. Add to that a case where the profits
derived from such insider trading are transferred to Singapore and an accused
person enters into an arrangement here which facilitates the retention or
control of the moneys representing such profits (_eg_ , remitting those
profits to bank accounts in other countries). _Ex hypothesi_ , if the
Prosecution wishes to show that the moneys handled by such an accused person
are derived from criminal conduct that occurred in the US, it would be unable
to show any facts pointing towards the inference that any offence under the
Second Schedule has been committed. It would then have to produce a foreign
certificate stating the offence against US laws that was allegedly committed
in the US, and produce some evidence that conduct constituting such an offence
took place in the US. Even so, if the Prosecution is unable to point to any
offence listed in the Second Schedule which would have been constituted by
that conduct if it had occurred in Singapore, the moneys would not be
considered benefits of criminal conduct under s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA,
regardless of how surreptitiously or suspiciously the accused person had gone
about handling those moneys.

63 Taking another example, suppose the profits of a syndicate-run brothel in
Amsterdam are deposited in a bank account in Singapore. Suppose also that
running a brothel in Amsterdam is perfectly legal. If a person has entered an
arrangement which facilitates the retention of the profits, it is not
sufficient, to make out an offence under s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA, that the
management of a brothel is an offence under s 148 of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed) (which is included in the Second Schedule of the CDSA). The
Prosecution will also have to produce a certificate purported to be issued by
the Dutch government stating that it is an offence under the laws of the
Netherlands. If it is unable to do so (and presumably it will be, if managing
a brothel is not an offence in the Netherlands), then the Prosecution will not
be able to prove that the moneys in the Singapore bank account are benefits of
criminal conduct for the purposes of s 44(1)(_a_).

64 As can be seen from the illustrations above, a number of imponderables are
involved where conduct occurring in a place outside Singapore is concerned.
The analysis in each case will depend on the facts. The courts will have to
take a pragmatic approach in dealing with these issues when they arise, always
bearing in mind the inherent difficulties in proving the origins of money
laundering activities.

How to prove “facilitation”

65 In contrast, it will generally not be difficult to establish that the
impugned arrangement facilitated the retention or control by or on behalf of
the other person of his benefits of criminal conduct, once all the other
_actus reus_ elements of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA are made out.

66 This is because, given the broad meaning s 44(1)(_a_) gives to the concept
of facilitation (“whether by concealment, removal from jurisdiction, transfer
to nominees _or otherwise_ ” [emphasis added]), it is difficult to imagine how
any arrangement would not facilitate the retention or control of the other
person’s benefits of criminal conduct.

Application to the present appeal against conviction

67 Turning now to the facts in this case, it is clear that the Prosecution has
adduced evidence of some criminal conduct. Even though it has argued, both in
the court below and on appeal, that under the terms of s 44(1)(_a_), it is not
incumbent on the Prosecution to show that the moneys handled by the Appellant
were indeed benefits of criminal conduct, it has in fact done so, _via_ Nail’s
oral testimony as to the results of his team’s investigations in the US (such
as who had been arrested and the fact that those who had been arrested were
convicted in the US for conspiracy to commit bank fraud) as well as the bank
records produced by the Singapore banks showing the transfer of moneys from US
bank accounts to the Singapore banks’ accounts. I agree with the DJ that the
certificates from the relevant courts in the US would have better served to
prove that the bank fraud had occurred, but since there was no ground on which
to discredit Nail, I too have no difficulty accepting his testimony that bank
fraud, involving those US bank accounts from which moneys had been transferred
to the Singapore banks’ accounts in question, had occurred.

68 I am satisfied that, the Prosecution has adduced ample evidence that
convincingly shows that the persons who committed the bank fraud procured the
movement of those funds from the US bank accounts with the intention to
dishonestly take those funds out of the possession of the rightful US bank
account holders; in other words, theft (as it is defined in s 378 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (the “Penal Code”)) had occurred in the US. It
could also be said that the persons who procured the transfer of moneys from
the US bank accounts by impersonation had done so by deception and had
fraudulently or dishonestly induced the bank officers in the US so deceived to
deliver the moneys to the holders of the Singapore banks’ accounts in
question; in other words, cheating (as it is defined in s 415 of the Penal
Code) had occurred. The moneys which were transferred into the Singapore bank
accounts from the US bank accounts can be seen as “stolen property”, _ie_ ,
the property the possession whereof has been transferred by theft, or in
respect of which cheating has been committed, _whether the transfer has been
made or cheating has been committed within or without Singapore_ , as defined
under s 410(1) of the Penal Code.

69 According to the Appellant’s statements to CAD, she received money from
Aloysious on several occasions, acting under Mike’s instructions on the
telephone, and in circumstances which would have led any reasonable observer
to surmise that some dishonest conduct was afoot, and that the moneys so
handled were derived from such dishonest conduct. Thus, a compelling
inference, given all the facts adduced by the Prosecution, would be that the
moneys were dishonestly received into the Singapore bank accounts in question,
including those opened under Aloysious’s name. Dishonest receipt of stolen
property is an offence under s 411(1) of the Penal Code, and is also included
in the Second Schedule of the CDSA. Therefore, even without producing a
foreign certificate, the Prosecution has adduced evidence that give rise to a
logical inference that conduct constituting a serious offence under the Second
Schedule has taken place and that the moneys handled by the Appellant
represented the benefits of such criminal conduct. In addition, the
Prosecution’s evidence also established that Michael had been engaged in, or
had benefited from, criminal conduct.

70 Before going into the facts revealed in the Appellant’s statements to the
CAD that show that she had reasonable grounds to believe that the moneys she
was dealing with were derived from criminal conduct, it would perhaps be
useful, at this juncture, to reiterate briefly the local case law on the
meaning of “reasonable grounds to believe”. In _Ow Yew Beng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 536, the High Court held (at [10]) that having
“reason to believe” involved a “lesser degree of conviction than certainty but
a higher one than speculation”. In applying the test, the court must assume
the position of the actual individual involved (_ie_ , including his knowledge
and experience), but must reason (_ie_ , infer from the facts known to such
individual) from that position like an objective reasonable man (see _Koh Hak
Boon and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 733 at [13] and _Public
Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 61 at [87]).

71 Applying the test to the present facts, it is clear that the Appellant had
reasonable grounds to believe that the moneys she was dealing with were the
benefits of criminal conduct. First, the circumstances under which she was
told by her brother, Richard, to follow Mike’s instructions were extremely
suspicious. Richard had told her that she would be taking money from “someone”
and remitting it overseas and when she asked what money this was and who she
would be remitting it to, she was told “not to worry”. On no less than two
occasions, prior to meeting the man claiming to be Mike, she followed his
instructions to the letter. Second, the circumstances under which she received
the moneys from Aloysious and Kesslar were extremely suspicious as well. The
moneys were passed to her in large amounts of cash, and she was told by Mike
to split up the remittances. Third, her admission in the statements that it
“did cross [her] mind that it was fishy money” and her express unwillingness
to tell her husband about all the various remittances that she had carried out
on Mike’s instructions for fear that her husband would “definitely not
approve” are extremely telling of her state of mind: she clearly had
reasonable grounds to believe that the moneys she was remitting were derived
from criminal conduct. Finally, by the last assignment on 14 July 2008, she
even told Mike that “this was getting a bit too far” and that she did not want
to remit any more money. This clearly indicated that she thought that she was
aiding in the retention of what she reasonably believed were benefits of
criminal conduct; that indicated her hesitation and unwillingness to continue
remitting moneys on Mike’s instructions.

72 Therefore, I am of the view that the moneys remitted by the Appellant
represented the benefits of criminal conduct, which conduct constituted a
serious offence listed in the Second Schedule of the CDSA, and that that
remittance constituted an arrangement which facilitated the retention and
control of those benefits by Michael, who was a person who had engaged in or
benefited from criminal conduct. In short, all the elements of the _actus
reus_ of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA have been established. I am also of the
view, in agreement with the DJ, that the Appellant had remitted the moneys
having reasonable grounds to believe that that arrangement would facilitate
the retention and control of such benefits of criminal conduct, and that the
Appellant had reasonable grounds to believe that Michael had engaged in
criminal conduct or had benefited from it. In other words, all the elements of
the _mens rea_ of s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA have been made out. Consequently,
the Appellant was properly convicted under s 44(1)(_a_) of the CDSA.

73 I am also of the view that the appeal on sentence should be dismissed. In
all, the Appellant had actively facilitated the retention by Michael of more
than S$2 million – no small amount by any measure. The suspicious
circumstances in which she had handled the moneys would have made it
abundantly clear to her as well as to any reasonable observer that the moneys
were tainted by some predicate improper criminal conduct from which they had
been derived. Yet, she never sought an explanation from Michael, Aloysious or
even Richard in any of her numerous communications with them, nor did she even
attempt to explain her conduct to the court. The irresistible inference to be
drawn from her silence in court is that she had nothing positive to say in her
own defence. Further, against the backdrop of Singapore’s significant private
banking and asset management sector and its standing as a major international
financial centre in the Asia-Pacific region, there is a compelling need to
deter would-be “money launderers who want to clean their ill-gotten gains”
(see Sir James Sassoon, Keynote Address at the Seminar on Countering the
Financing of Terrorism, 12 February 2008,
<www.oecd.org/dataoecd/60/51/40144609.pdf> accessed on 26 April 2011). In the
light of all these considerations, the aggregate sentence of nine months’
imprisonment certainly cannot be said to be manifestly excessive. Indeed, had
the Prosecution appealed against the sentence imposed I would not have been
averse to seriously considering enhancing the sentence further as this is an
area of offending that merits deterrent sentencing. A clear signal must be
sent to those who might wish to conduct money laundering activities here that
if they are apprehended, they will be firmly dealt with.

74 For the reasons stated above, the Appellant’s appeals against conviction
and sentence are dismissed.

Conclusion

75 In my view there is a compelling need to take a purposive and pragmatic
approach in construing the CDSA. Money laundering is an indivisible part of
international criminal activity and is detrimental to society. The unimpeded
circulation of proceeds from crime will have a prejudicial effect on the
fabric of society and the economy. The criminalisation of money laundering has
as its objective the undermining of crime by removing from circulation the
proceeds of predicate crimes. While individual rights have to be respected,
nice technical arguments should not be allowed to mist Parliament’s salutary
objective of enhancing effective international cooperation in combating crime.
This can only be done if the architecture of the CDSA is viewed as expressing
Parliament’s clear intention to facilitate rather than to impede the
prosecution of money laundering offences and their like. The objective of all
money laundering transactions is to mask the predicate offences from which the
moneys are derived. Often the most difficult aspect for prosecutors is proving
that the property concerned had a criminal origin. To insist on the strict
proof of all the requirements necessary to establish such predicate offences
(bearing in mind the thick fog that ordinarily envelops them, the difficulty
in procuring witnesses and the absence of any express statutory direction to
do so) would turn the CDSA into a charter for rogues.

76 It remains for me to thank all counsel involved in this matter for their
assistance, conscientious research and the clarity with which they have
presented their submissions. In particular, I would like to express my deep
gratitude to Mr Goh Yihan for his helpful submissions. Despite having prepared
them at short notice, his submissions were comprehensive, admirably researched
and lucidly presented. I ought to also mention that I have been greatly
assisted in my thought process by the cogent reasoning of the DJ in her
grounds of decision.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings, Exhibit P11

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings, Exhibit P15

[note: 3]Record of Proceedings, Notes of Evidence, 11 January 2010 at p 273

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

