Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Chi Lena _v_ Chien Chuen Chi Jeffrey (Qian Jie, co-defendant)  
[2011] SGHC 91

Case Number| :| Divorce No 4447 of 2010 (RAS No 4 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Randolph Khoo and Johnson Loo (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff; Koh Tien Hua and Yvonne Foo (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lee Chi Lena — Chien Chuen Chi Jeffrey (Qian Jie, co-defendant)  
  
12 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the plaintiff (“the wife”) against the decision of the
District Judge (“the judge”). The judge refused to grant an injunction which
the wife prayed for. Pending the wife’s divorce with the defendant (“the
husband”) and the ancillary matters, she sought by way of a summons to
restrain the husband from selling, transferring or in any manner disposing or
dealing with a piece of real property in Shanghai (“the property”). The
property is registered in the husband and the co-defendant’s names.

2 The judge rightly acknowledged that the wife was entitled to apply for and
the court to order injunctive relief in relation to the property if
matrimonial proceedings are pending, pursuant to s 132 of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”). She, however, dismissed the wife’s
application on two grounds. First, she held that the wife merely had “an
inchoate expectation in regards to the property”, and this was presumably an
insufficient interest to be protected by way of an injunction. Secondly, even
if the wife had a sufficient interest in the property, there was no proof of a
“ _real_ risk of dissipation” [emphasis in original].

3 With respect to the first ground, it is incorrect to hold that a wife has no
sufficient interest in a particular matrimonial asset, prior to the hearing
and decision of the ancillary matters, because she did not contribute directly
or indirectly to the acquisition or enhancement of that particular asset. One
must not confuse the existence and nature of an interest with its quantum or
scope.

4 In the typical case, after a just and equitable proportion of division of
the matrimonial assets is arrived at by applying the “global approach” (see
_NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [30]-[33]), the court will allocate certain
pieces of matrimonial assets amounting to that proportion’s value to the
individual parties. Hence, while the particular assets from the pool of
matrimonial assets which will be allocated to a wife may be uncertain, it is
clear that as long as a wife is awarded a proportion of the assets which is
greater than zero, then the possibility of her receiving a particular
matrimonial asset exists. Even if the “classification approach” is applied the
possibility of a wife receiving a share in a particular asset cannot be ruled
out.

5 Hence, although the nature of a wife’s interest in relation to that
particular matrimonial asset prior to the division being performed may be _sui
generis_ and may be insufficient to support desired consequences in other
legal contexts (_eg_ , to register a caveat), it must be of a type which is
sufficient to satisfy s 132(1) of the Charter which states:

**S 132**. – (1) Where –

(_a_) any _matrimonial proceedings_ are _pending_ ;

…

the court shall have power on application –

(i)if it is satisfied that any disposition of property has been made by the
husband … within the preceding 3 years, with the object on the part of the
person making the disposition … of depriving his wife … of _any rights in
relation to that property_ , to set aside the disposition; and

(ii)if it is satisfied that any disposition of property is intended to be made
with any such object, to grant an injunction preventing that disposition.

[emphasis added]

The phrase “any rights in relation to that property” must be interpreted to
include a wife’s interests in claiming a share of the matrimonial property.
That interest is a basic and recognised legal right. Any other interpretation
renders the provision nugatory.

6 The judge held in her second ground that the wife failed to show that there
is a real risk that the husband will dissipate the asset in question, _ie_ ,
the property. This ground should be understood by reference to the _effect_ of
the dissipation instead. The focus should not be primarily on whether there is
a “ _real_ risk of dissipation”.

7 Given the time lag between the initiation of matrimonial proceedings and a
final judgment of divorce, disposing matrimonial assets and translating them
into new assets by the parties in the ordinary course of living and investment
is frequently necessary, especially when each of them are seeking to begin a
new life. Thus it cannot be that every decision to dispose of a matrimonial
asset by one spouse is susceptible to injunctive intervention by the other
spouse. A balance must be struck. Therefore, whether or not an injunction will
be granted depends on whether the other spouse will be prejudiced by such a
disposition. In determining whether there is prejudice in this context, the
court should take into account whether there are adequate matrimonial assets
which will remain to satisfy the likely division proportion a court will make
in favour of the non-disposing party. Hence, in a case where there is only one
matrimonial asset of substantial value and a husband wishes to dispose of it,
a court should allow a wife’s application for an injunction because there are
no adequate remaining assets to satisfy a likely award in her favour in those
circumstances. On the present facts, however, that is not the case. There are
other properties of substantial value available. Counsel for the husband
estimated that the matrimonial home which is located in Singapore has a net
value of $1.6m, and there are unquantified cash assets to take into account.
Counsel for the wife pointed out that there are no firm figures at this point
in the proceedings. However, it is undisputed that the matrimonial home is
unencumbered, and although there is no formal valuation conducted for it, the
estimated value is not unreasonable. Hence, in my view, there are adequate
matrimonial assets apart from the property which are available to satisfy a
likely division proportion in favour of the wife. Her appeal was therefore
dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

