Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Rafat Ali Rizvi _v_ Ing Bank NV Hong Kong Branch  
[2011] SGHC 114

Case Number| :| OSB No. 28 of 2009/D (Registrar's Appeal No.393 of 2009/W)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the plaintiff;
Rebecca Chew, Paul Ng and Goh Su Sian (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Rafat Ali Rizvi — Ing Bank NV Hong Kong Branch  
  
9 May 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

Background

1 The plaintiff, Rafat Ali Rizvi, was served with a statutory demand issued by
the defendant, Ing Bank NV Hong Kong Branch. The plaintiff disputed the
validity of the statutory demand and sought to set it aside. However, as he
was out of time, he had to apply for an order to extend time as well as order
to set aside the statutory demand. When the applications came before an
Assistant Registrar (“AR”), both were dismissed and the plaintiff is appealing
against those orders.

2 The plaintiff, a British citizen and a Singapore Employment Pass holder, is
the sole shareholder and ultimate beneficial owner of Arlington Assets
Investments Ltd (“AAIL”), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
(“BVI”). The defendant is the Hong Kong branch of Ing Bank, NV AAIL is a
customer of the defendant. The defendant had granted credit facilities to AAIL
up to a maximum limit of US$180 million. The plaintiff had executed a
continuing personal guarantee in favour of the defendant to secure the
facilities.

The statutory demand

3 The defendant issued a statutory demand dated 25 May 2009 on the plaintiff
under s 62 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20. 2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”) for the sums of
US$117,143,874, €2,528,234.96, S$16,117,571.11 and ¥1,976,752,632 owing under
the facilities granted by the defendant to AAIL (All references to sections
refer to the BA.)

The application for extension of time

4 Under r 97(1)(_a_) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“BR”),
the plaintiff had to apply to set aside the statutory demand within 14 days
from the service of the statutory demand on him. (All references to rules
refer to the BR.) When the plaintiff filed his application on 6 July 2009, he
was eight days out of time. However, r 97(3) provides that:

The court may, upon the application of the debtor, allow the debtor an
extension of time to make his application to set aside the statutory demand.

5 In support of his application to extend time, the plaintiff stated that he
was not in Singapore when the statutory demand was served by being posted on
the main door of his Singapore residence. He claimed that he was in the United
Kingdom between 27 May 2009 and 26 June 2009\. He explained that he was unable
to return to Singapore as he had to consult his English solicitors on the
statutory demand served on him and other statutory demands that were served on
AAIL, and he also had to attend to his aged father who was undergoing
treatment in the United Kingdom.

6 The defendant’s response was that the plaintiff did not deserve an extension
of time because he did not produce evidence of his being in the United
Kingdom, and that in any event, he was, by his account, back in Singapore
three days before the dateline for filing the application to set aside the
statutory demand.

The application to set aside the statutory demand

7 In the appeal, the plaintiff did not pursue all the arguments he made before
the AR and submitted that the statutory demand should be set aside on the
grounds that[note: 1]:

(a)

that the defendant had not satisfied the requirements of s 61(1) of the BA;

(b)

the debt is disputed on substantial grounds;

(c)

the debtor has a valid counterclaim and set-off which is equivalent to or
exceeds the amount of the debt.

I shall refer to these grounds as grounds (a), (b) and (c) and consider each
in turn.

Ground (a) – non-satisfaction of s 61(1) of the BA

8 The plaintiff directed his submissions to the requirements of s 61(1)(_d_):

61\. —(1) No bankruptcy application shall be made to the court in respect of
any debt or debts unless at the time the application is made —

...

(d)where the debt or each of the debts is incurred outside Singapore, such
debt is payable by the debtor to the applicant creditor by virtue of a
judgment or an award which is enforceable by execution in Singapore.

9 The plaintiff’s argument was that as the debt was incurred outside
Singapore, and that no judgment or award obtained on the debt which is
enforceable by execution in Singapore, the statutory demand should be set
aside.

10 Section 61(1)(_d_) was enacted for a specific purpose. Its introduction
into s 61(1) was recounted by the Court of Appeal in _AmBank (M) Bhd v Yong
Kim Yoong Raymond_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 659 (“ _AmBank v Yong_ ”) and I will not
repeat the complete narration of its gestation. To put it very briefly, it
started at the proceedings of the Select Committee on the Bankruptcy Bill. The
Select Committee received a submission from an associate professor of law who
expressed concern over the extra-territorial application of the criminal
provisions in the BA. The Select Committee agreed with the concern and revised
the proposed provisions to exclude debts incurred outside Singapore unless
they are incorporated in judgments or awards which are enforceable in
Singapore.

11 The Court of Appeal concluded at [24]:

[T]he objective of s 61(1)(_d_) was to give some added measure of _protection_
, in the light of the far-reaching amendments to the bankruptcy regime brought
about by the enactment of BA 1995, to persons with property in Singapore
against bankruptcy proceedings based on debts incurred outside Singapore. A
preliminary requirement that such debts have a _nexus_ with Singapore through
"a judgment or award which is enforceable by execution in Singapore" must
first and foremost be satisfied. It is also abundantly clear that s 61(1)(_d_)
has purely local roots and has neither been adopted nor adapted from the UK
Insolvency Act.

12 As s 61(1)(_d_) is unique to the BA, special care should be taken in
construing it. The provision refers specifically to the place where a debt is
incurred, and separates them into two categories, debts incurred in Singapore
and debts incurred outside Singapore. The starting point is the existence of a
debt. That is an amount owing by one party to another, whether or not it is
repayable immediately. In other words, the debt is a chose in action, but not
necessarily a cause of action. The place where the debt is incurred is the
place at which the debt came into existence. In the present case where the
defendant bank granted credit facilities to AAIL, it would be the place of
AAIL’s account. Each time AAIL operated the account on credit, a debt was
incurred. If the account was in Hong Kong, the debts were incurred in Hong
Kong, and if the account was in Singapore, the debts are incurred in
Singapore. Other issues which relate to a debt, such as the court/s with
jurisdiction to hear disputes relating to the debt, the law governing the
debt, the place where the demand for repayment is to be made, the place where
the debt is to be repaid, the place where a debt can be recovered, do not
determine or change the place where the debt is incurred.

13 Section 61(1)(_d_) does more than control the operation of the criminal
provisions of our bankruptcy law on foreign debts. It also narrows the
exposure of Singapore property to claims based on debts incurred outside
Singapore.

14 In _AmBank v Yong_ , the Court of Appeal gave valuable guidance to the
implementation of the provision when it declared at [27] that “whether a debt
is incurred outside Singapore under s 61(1)(_d_) is, in the final analysis, a
question of fact, not law.” While it did not (probably because it could not)
set out fact-finding criteria which can be applied in all cases, its finding
on the facts of that case is instructive.

15 Some significant and material facts are referred to in the Court’s
judgment. AmBank is a Malaysian bank. The bank granted loans to two Malaysian
companies. Yong, a Singaporean, stood guarantor for the two companies. When
the two companies defaulted on repayment, the bank obtained judgment against
Yong in Malaysia. The bank registered the judgment in Singapore under the
Reciprocal Enforcement of Commonwealth Judgments Act (Cap 264, 1985 Rev Ed),
but did not enforce it within six years from the date of the judgment. Because
of the delay, leave of court was required to enforce the judgment in
Singapore, which the bank did not obtain. The bank then served a statutory
demand on Yong (the judgment did not disclose the location of service of the
statutory demand.) When the demand was not met the bank instituted bankruptcy
proceedings against him.

16 Against the basis of these facts, the Court of Appeal held at [32] that
“there can be no doubt that the debt in question arose in Malaysia, and it is,
in every way, a debt “incurred outside Singapore””, and set aside the
statutory demand.

17 From the facts set out in [14]  _supra_ , the only factor connecting the
debt to Singapore is Yong’s nationality. The place of service of the statutory
demand was not disclosed, but that is unlikely to have been considered
relevant as the debt was incurred before the statutory demand was served. It
is also likely that the facilities were made in Malaysia as the lender and the
borrowers are all Malaysia entities and it is more probable than not that the
borrowers’ accounts with the bank were in Malaysia. If the accounts were in
Singapore, the bank would have relied on that. On the basis of the facts, the
Court of Appeal had ruled that the debts were incurred outside of Singapore
for the purpose of s 61(1)(_d_).

The corresponding facts

18 I do not think that all the facts relating to the relationship of the
parties and the transactions would have an equal bearing in the determination
of the place where the debt was incurred. In a situation involving a lender, a
borrower and a guarantor, the borrower owes the debt to the lender and the
guarantor guarantees the repayment of the debt. In other words, this is a one-
debt-multiple-debtors situation. Moving on from that, while the same debt
applies to the borrower and the guarantor, their liability may be different;
defences available to one of them may not be available to the other.

19 The facts of the present case are:

(a)

the lender bank is the Hong Kong branch of the Ing Bank NV;

(b)

the borrower is a BVI company;

(c)

the plaintiff is a British citizen holding a Singapore Employment Pass, and
with a residence in Singapore;

(d)

no judgment or award has been obtained against the plaintiff; and

(e)

the statutory demand was served in Singapore.

20 The question to be addressed is how the facts and conclusion in _AmBank v
Yong_ are applicable to the present case. The lender and borrowers are outside
Singapore. From the know facts, it is most likely that AAIL’s account with the
defendant was at the latter’s branch in Hong Kong and the credit facilities
were disbursed through that account. In any event, the exact place the account
was maintained is not critical as long as it is not Singapore. The burden was
on the defendant to establish that the statutory demand was a proper statutory
demand, which did not infringe s 61(1)(_d_). The defendant had to show that
the debt was incurred in Singapore, and it had not done that.

21 For the reasons given in [17] and [18]  _supra_ , the issuance and service
of the statutory demand cannot change the place where a debt is incurred. The
relevant facts in _AmBank v Yong_ are also present in the present case:

(a)

the lender and borrowers are outside of Singapore; and

(b)

the bank accounts were not located in Singapore.

22 As the Court of Appeal had ruled that the question whether a debt is
incurred outside Singapore is a question of fact, and the Court found that the
debt in _AmBank v Yong_ was incurred outside Singapore, the debt in the
present case, by the same reasoning, must have been incurred outside
Singapore.

23 The defendant raised an objection against the plaintiff’s reliance on s
61(1)(_d_). It submitted that[note: 2]:

It should be noted that Section 61 of the Bankruptcy Act is only applicable in
the context of a bankruptcy application; the Bankruptcy Act has no similar
provision pertaining to statutory demands. No bankruptcy application having
yet been filed by the Defendant against the Plaintiff, the Defendant takes the
position that it is entirely premature for the Plaintiff to rely on Section 61
of the Bankruptcy Act at this juncture.

That objection is founded on a narrow reading of s 61(1). Inasmuch as the
provision states that no bankruptcy application shall be made to the court
unless the four conditions set out in (a), (b), (c) and (d) are satisfied, it
can be argued that the penalty for the non-compliance of the four conditions
is that no bankruptcy application can be made, and not that a statutory demand
cannot be issued.

24 Such a position is based on a reading of the provision in isolation without
regard to the purpose and effect of a statutory demand in bankruptcy
proceedings. The effect of a statutory demand is made clear in s 62:

For the purposes of a creditor’s bankruptcy application, a debtor shall, until
he proves to the contrary, be presumed to be unable to pay any debt within the
meaning of section 61(1)(_c_) if the debt is immediately payable and —

(a)(i) the applicant creditor to whom the debt is owed has served on him in
the prescribed manner, a statutory demand;

(ii)at least 21 days have elapsed since the statutory demand was served;

Bankruptcy proceedings are often made on the basis of a statutory demand (see
r 102 BR), and the presumption of insolvency which arises when it is not met.
That is the only purpose of a statutory demand in the BR.

25 Taken in this broader context, there is little merit in the argument that
an objection under s 61(1)(_d_) can only be raised to resist a bankruptcy
application, but not to set aside a statutory demand. There is no reason to
deny a party served with a statutory demand the right to take immediate action
to set it aside and pre-empt a bankruptcy application, and to oblige the party
to put up with the presumption that it is unable to pay the debt demanded. In
any event, r 97 allows a debtor who has been served with a statutory demand to
apply to set it aside and r 98(2)(_e_) decrees that a court shall set aside a
statutory demand if the court is satisfied that it ought to be set aside.
These rules entitle the plaintiff to apply to set aside a statutory demand for
non-compliance with s 61(1)(_d_).

Ground (b) – the debt is disputed on substantial grounds

26 Section 98(2)(_b_) provides that a court shall set aside a statutory demand
if “the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be
substantial”.

27 The plaintiff alleged that subsequent to the execution of the guarantee but
before the facility letter was signed (and before any facilities were
provided), he had been assured by Y N Nagendra (“Nagendra”), the defendant’s
Managing Director, Global Head of Marketing, India Sub-Contenent, that there
was no risk that the guarantee being enforced against him because the
defendant was “very comfortable with the assets that were being provided as
collateral for the Facilities and ... the guarantee would not be called upon
and is only there as a mere formality”[note: 3]. He also alleged that other
officers of the defendant had also assured him that the guarantee was a mere
formality, and he said that but for these assurances, he would not have signed
the guarantee.[note: 4] In the submissions before me, the plaintiff made the
point that Nagendra had not deposed any affidavit to deny the allegation.

28 A few observations can be made on these allegations:

(a)

the plaintiff did not disclose when Nagendra gave the assurance;

(b)

the other officers who gave similar assurances were not identified;

(c)

the plaintiff acknowledges that he has been engaged in the financial industry
and has “significant experience and expertise in trading distressed debt, in
particular bank debt”, going back to before 1999[note: 5]; and

(d)

the plaintiff had not recorded or obtained confirmation of the assurance, the
significance of which must have been known to him when he executed the
guarantee in reliance of it.

Ground (c) – the debtor has a valid counterclaim and set-off which is
equivalent to or exceeds the amount of the debt

29 This ground was elaborated on in the plaintiff’s submissions to be that
“the primary debtor AAIL is not only disputing the Defendants’ claim against
them but has also cross-claims against the Defendants which if established
would extinguish their liability to the Defendants.”[note: 6]

30 There are two components to this ground, firstly the denial of the debt,
and secondly the counterclaim. On the first issue, it is open to the borrower
and the guarantor to dispute the debt claimed by the lender. Although the
submissions are that AAIL was disputing the debt, it is evident that the
plaintiff also disputes the debt on the same grounds. This has to be made
clear because AAIL has been wound-up, and the liquidators of AAIL are not
disputing the debt or making any counterclaim on behalf of AAIL.

31 The crux of AAIL’s dispute was that AAIL had provided to the defendant some
financial notes including notes known as Tarquin Notes and Fund Linked Notes,
which the defendant had been attributed with zero values when Nomura
International London, the organisation the plaintiff and AAIL had instructed
to structure or arrange for the structuring of the notes ceased to issue
valuations for them. The plaintiff disagrees with that zero valuation and
contends that the notes are “likely to be of substantial value”[note: 7], but
without disclosing any basis for the statement or putting forward any value
for the notes.

My decision

Extension of time to apply to set aside the statutory demand

32 Rule 97(1)(_a_) provides that the application was to be filed within 14
days from the service of the statutory demand. Rule 97(3) empowers a court to
extend the period. When an application is made for an extension of time, a
court would have to take into consideration:

(a)

the period of the delay;

(b)

the reasons for the delay;

(c)

the grounds for setting aside the statutory demand; and

(d)

the prejudice that may result from an extension of time;

but the weightage of each factor has to be determined on the facts.

33 In this case, the delay of eight days is quite long. The reasons put
forward, _ie_ , that the plaintiff was in the United Kingdom to attend to his
ailing father and his financial and legal problems when the statutory demand
was served, and had returned to Singapore three days before the date line for
application were not strong reasons for the delay. However the plaintiff had
presented a good case that the statutory demand should be set aside as it did
not comply with s 61(1)(_d_), and an extension of time will not prejudice the
defendant, as it will have to confront s 61(1)(_d_) if it takes out bankruptcy
proceedings against the plaintiff.

34 For the sake of completeness, I add that I do not consider the plaintiff’s
arguments on assurances/estoppel and the valuation issues to be _substantial_
grounds of disputes following within r 98(2)(_b_) because of the deficiency of
content of these allegations.

35 After reviewing the matters, I conclude that the application should be
granted. With the finding that the debt was incurred outside Singapore and was
not recoverable by execution in Singapore, the case for setting aside the
statutory demand made up for the delay in the application.

36 I allow the plaintiff’s appeal and set aside the AR’s orders. I grant the
plaintiff’s applications to enlarge time to file the application to set aside
the statutory demand, and I set aside the statutory demand. The plaintiff is
to have the costs of the appeal as well as the costs before the AR.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, para 7

[note: 2]Defendant’s/Respondent’s Submissions, para 113

[note: 3]Affidavit of plaintiff, 6 July 2009, para 16

[note: 4]Affidavit of plaintiff, 6July 2009, para 20

[note: 5]Affidavit of plaintiff, 7 December 2009, para 18

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, para 14

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions, para 32

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

