Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tan Kheng Chun Ray  
[2011] SGHC 183

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 6 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gordon Oh and Peggy Pao (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the Prosecution; Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong) for the
accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Tan Kheng Chun Ray  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 3 of
2011 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 28 November 2011. See [2012] SGCA
10.]

4 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused, Ray Tan Kheng Chun pleaded guilty to seven charges[note: 1] for
drug offences under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185 2008 Rev Ed).

2 The seven offences are:

_Charge 1_

Importing not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine.

_Charge 2_

Importing not less than 1.12 grams of methamphetamine.

_Charge 3_

Consumption of methamphetamine.

_Charge 4_

Possession of utensils intended for the consumption of a controlled drug.

_Charge 5_

Possession of another lot of utensils intended for the consumption of a
controlled drug.

_Charge 6_

Possession of utensils intended for the consumption of a controlled drug.

_Charge 7_

Possession of three tablets of nimetazepam.

The offences in Charges 1 to 5 took place on 10 October 2009. The offences in
Charges 1, 2, 4 and 5 took place at the Woodlands Checkpoint, and the drug
consumption offence in Charge 3, took place in Malaysia. The offences in
Charges 6 and 7 took place on 11 October 2009 at the accused’s residence at No
1 Queensway, #08-63, Queensway Tower, Singapore.

The facts

3 The facts of the offence were set out in the Statement of Facts[note: 2]
which the accused admitted without qualification. Paras 2 to 6 of the
statement disclosed that:

2\. On 10 October 2009, at about 11.45 p.m., the accused drove a Singapore-
registered motor car bearing registration number SGX 3644M (“SGX 3644M”) alone
into Singapore at the Woodlands Checkpoint.

3\. At the Arrival Car Green Channel Zone of the said Checkpoint, the accused
was directed by an Immigrations and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) officer to
park SGX 3644M at Lane 6 of the said Zone for a routine check to be carried
out on the vehicle.

4\. Two other ICA officers thereafter carried out the check on SGX 3644M.

5\. In the course of checking SGX 3644M, the ICA officers discovered a box of
tissues (“the tissue box”) on the floor behind the driver’s seat. On closer
inspection, various glass ware and glass pipes were found inside two smaller
boxes that were packed at the bottom of the tissue box.

6\. The ICA officers activated Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) officers on
duty in the vicinity of Lane 6 of the abovementioned Zone for assistance. On
further inspection of SGX 3644M, the following items were discovered:

a. One red plastic bag behind the radio console, which contained two packets
of granular/powdery substances wrapped in a newspaper;

b. One orange plastic bag inside the compartment below the handbrake, which
also contained two packets of granular/powdery substances wrapped in a
newspaper; and

c. One black pouch in the compartment below the radio console (“the black
pouch”), which contained two packets of crystalline substance, glass tube,
glass pipe and straw.

4 The diamorphine referred to in Charge 1 was recovered from the red plastic
bag and the orange plastic bag. Each bag contained two packets of
granular/powdery substances which were analysed and found to contain not less
than 30.91 grams of diamorphine.

5 The methamphetamine referred to in Charge 2 was recovered from two packets
of crystalline substance in the black pouch. The crystalline substance was
analysed and was found to contain not less 1.12 grams of methamphetamine. The
utensils referred to in Charge 4 were also recovered from the black pouch.

6 The utensils referred to in Charge 5 were recovered from the tissue box.

7 The utensils referred to in Charge 6 and the three tablets of nimetazepam
were recovered from the accused’s residence on 11 October 2009.

8 The evidence of the consumption of methamphetamine referred to in Charge 3
was from the analysis of the urine sample of the accused taken on 11 October
2009.

9 At the hearing, the accused confirmed that he knew that the drugs he was
importing were diamorphine and methamphetamine.[note: 3]

10 The accused’s background was set out in his plea-in-mitigation:[note: 4]

(a) he is a Singaporean and is 30 years old (his marital status is not
disclosed);

(b) he was educated in Perth, Australia to the equivalent of A-level;

(c) he has been a regular with the Republic of Singapore Navy since 1998 (his
rank and pay are not disclosed);

(d) he suffers from gout and high blood pressure; and

(e) he has no antecedents.

11 The accused disclosed that he used to commute to Johor Bahru to visit his
girlfriend and friends, and he met a person named Eric who became a drinking
companion.

12 In 2008 – 2009 the accused was in financial difficulties as a result of his
accumulating credit card and mobile telephone debts which amounted to $13,000.
He borrowed from his friends to pay the credit card and telephone bills and
ended up being indebted to them as well.

13 On one occasion when he was with Eric he told Eric of his financial
problems. Subsequently, when he was in Johor Bahru on 10 October 2009 Eric
approached him with a proposal for him to bring a consignment of drugs into
Singapore for a payment of $2,500.

14 The accused was eager to earn the $2,500 and agreed to the proposal. He
gave Eric his car key and Eric drove off to place the drugs in the car before
returning it to him. When the accused drove the car back to Singapore, he was
arrested at the Woodlands Checkpoint. After he was arrested, the accused co-
operated with the authorities and made positive statements to the
investigating officers.

15 The prosecution did not make submissions specifically on sentence to be
imposed. Instead, it submitted two compilations of sentences. One compilation
was of sentences imposed in cases where an accused person had pleaded guilty
to trafficking/importing diamorphine where the quantity of the drugs has been
reduced to below 15 grams although the actual quantities involved were greater
and would have brought on the mandatory capital sentence.[note: 5] In the
twenty cases in the compilation the sentences imposed ranged between 20 to 25
years imprisonment with between 15 to 20 strokes of the cane. The other
compilation was of sentences for consumption of methamphetamine, possession of
utensils intended for drug consumption, and possession of nimetazepam[note:
6].

16 In deciding on any sentence, regard must be given to the range of sentences
prescribed by statute. For the seven offences the accused committed, the range
of sentences are:

_Charge 1_

Maximum 30 years or imprisonment for life

15 strokes

Minimum 20 years

15 strokes

_Charge 2_

Maximum 30 years or imprisonment for life

15 strokes

Minimum 5 years

5 strokes

_Charge 3_

Maximum: 10 years or $20,000 fine or both

_Charges 4, 5 and 6_

Maximum 3 years or $10,000 fine or both

_Charge 7_

Maximum 10 years or $20,000 fine or both

17 The circumstances and conduct of the accused before and after his arrest
are also important matters to be considered. I kept in mind the mitigating
factors, i.em that he had pleaded guilty to all the charges, that he had co-
operated in the investigations and that he had no antecedents. I also took
into account other factors:

(a) at 30 years old he is in the prime of his life;

(b) he is reasonably well-educated;

(c) he has a steady job;

(d) his accumulated debt of $13,000 was not large, and was incurred by him in
credit card and mobile phone expenses;

(e) he was not put under pressure to commit the offences, but was tempted by
the allure of quick cash, as his counsel put it; and

(f) he would have faced the death penalty on conviction if the quantity of
diamorphine was not reduced by the prosecution.

18 I imposed the following sentences on him:

Charge 1: 22 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes.

Charge 2: 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes.

Charge 3: 8 months’ imprisonment.

Charges 4, 5, 6 and 7: 3 months’ imprisonment each.

and I ordered that the custodial sentences for Charge 1 and Charge 2 are to
run consecutively, and that the custodial sentences for Charges 3 to 7 are to
run concurrently with the sentences for the first two charges. In effect, the
accused has to serve imprisonment for 27 years and suffer 20 strokes of the
cane.

19 The minimum sentence for Charge 1 is 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes.
The minimum sentence was not imposed because:

(a) the accused was actually importing 30.91 grams of diamorphine, which was
more than twice the quantity that would have brought on the mandatory death
sentence; and

(b) there was an absence of any real extenuating circumstances for the
commission of the offence.

The sentence of 22 years, two years above the minimum and eight years below
the maximum sentence, is appropriate and cannot be considered to be excessive.

20 Counsel had submitted that it was proper “to consider the two importation
offences as a single transaction for sentencing purposes”.[note: 7] He was
referring to the “one transaction rule”. This rule is that where two or more
offences are committed in the course of a single transaction, all sentences in
respect of these offences should be concurrent rather than consecutive –
_Kanagasuntharam v Public Prosecutor_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 874 (“ _Kanagasuntharam_
”), per Yong Pung How CJ at [8]. However, Yong CJ noted that difficulty may
arise over what constitutes one transaction, and he also observed that the
rule is not absolute, and that its application is subject to the facts of the
case and the circumstances of the offence.

21 Does the one transaction rule apply to the two importation offences in the
present case? The accused was importing methamphamine which belonged to him as
a principal and he was also importing diamorphine which did not belong to him
as an agent of Eric for payment. He was going to retain the methamphamine, but
the diamorphine was to be collected from him. While he had committed the two
offences at the same time and at the same place, it cannot be said that the
two offences were parts of one transaction.

22 Under s 307(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (No 15 of 2010) where
the accused person is convicted of at least three distinct offences, at least
two of the sentences are to run consecutively. As the accused had been
convicted for seven distinct offences, I had to decide how many sentences are
to run consecutively and which sentences should run consecutively.

23 The seven offences are divisible into two groups by reference to the
gravity of the offences and the lengths of the prescribed sentences. The two
importation offences fall into one group and the other charges for the drug
possession, drug consumption, and possession of the utensils fall into the
another group.

24 I ordered that the first two sentences for the importation offences are to
run consecutively because drug importation is a serious offence. When a person
commits two such offences and they were not committed in a single transaction,
he should be punished for both of them. The three-month and eight-month
sentences for the less serious offences can run concurrently with the two
sentences for importation and be subsumed within the consecutive sentences.

25 The effective sentence must be checked against two rules of sentencing,
namely, the totality principle and the proportionality principle.

26 In respect of the first rule, _Principles of Sentencing_ DA Thomas
(Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) explained at pp 57 – 58 that:

A cumulative sentence may offend the totality principle if the aggregate
sentence is substantially above the normal level of sentences for the most
serious of the individual offences involved, **_or_** if its effect is to
impose on the offender ‘a crushing sentence’ not in keeping with his record
and prospects.

[emphasis added]

and this principle was approved in _Kanagasuntharam_ and _Jeffery bin Abdullah
v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 414 (“ _Jeffery bin Abdullah_ ”).

27 The effective sentence of 27 years is not substantially above the normal
level of sentences for offences of importing or trafficking in large
quantities of drugs shown in the record of sentences compiled by the
prosecution. The sentence is also not a crushing sentence on the accused who
is 30 years old and with no health problems except gout and high blood
pressure. If he behaves himself in prison and obtains remission in his
sentence for good behaviour, he may serve 18 years, and could be released when
he is 48 years old.

28 The proportionality principle was explained by Chan Sek Keong CJ in
_Jeffery bin Abdullah_ (at [16]):

The proportionality principle requires that the overall sentence imposed on an
offender should be based on his total culpability in the various offences
committed, when viewed as a whole.

29 In the present case, the accused had rendered his services to Eric to
import a substantial quantity of diamorphine from Johor Bahru into Singapore.
In addition to that, he was importing methamphetamine into Singapore on his
own account, he was consuming drugs, and he had other drugs in his residence
and was in possession of utensils for drug consumption. He was fortunate that
the prosecution reduced the quantity of diamorphine in Charge 1 so that the
capital punishment would not be imposed. Looking at all the circumstances, an
effective sentence of 27 years imprisonment is not disproportionate to the
accused’s total culpability.

30 The accused has appealed against the sentences imposed as being excessive.

* * *

[note: 1]Exhibits A – G

[note: 2]Exhibit H

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence page 2, lines 11 – 13 and lines 27 – 29

[note: 4]Exhibit I

[note: 5]Exhibit J

[note: 6]Exhibit K

[note: 7]See Sentencing Principles in Singapore Kow Keng Siong, Academy
Publishingpara 27.090 – 27.091 – 27.092

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

