Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Jurong Town Corp  
[2011] SGHC 153

Case Number| :| Suit No 502 of 2010/Y (SUM No. 4370 of 2010/G)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thio Shen Yi SC, Ang Wee Tiong and Olivia Low Pei Sze
(TSMP Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Dhillon Dinesh Singh and Felicia Tan
May Lian (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Jurong Town Corp  
  
17 June 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The plaintiff, UDL Marine (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“UDL”), had sued the
defendant, Jurong Town Corporation (“JTC”). Pending the disposal of the
action, UDL applied for an interim injunction against JTC. I dismissed UDL’s
application, and UDL has appealed against my decision.

2 UDL has operated a shipyard on premises at Benoi Road, Singapore (“the
premises”) since 1991. The premises were leased from JTC. The lease was
scheduled to expire on 31 December 2010. UDL had wanted to renew the lease,
but JTC refused to renew it.

3 On 21 July 2010, UDL filed these proceedings against JTC to seek a
declaration that JTC is estopped from refusing to renew the lease or granting
a new lease of the premises for a period of not less than 20 years; for an
order of specific performance for JTC to renew or grant a new lease; and for
damages.

4 On 16 September 2010, UDL filed a summons for an interim injunction to
restrain JTC from leasing out the premises to any other party pending the
final determination of the action and an order that UDL be permitted to lease,
occupy and enjoy exclusive use of the premises upon payment of the current
rent or the rent at the market rate.

5 The action and the summons were based on the same alleged facts which were
set out in the Statement of Claim in this action and the affidavit of Leung
Yat Tung, Managing Director of UDL, dated 16 September 2010 which was filed in
support of the summons (“the supporting affidavit”). The allegation was
essentially that representations were made to UDL that the lease of the
premises might be renewed.

6 UDL’s case was that in December 2004, it understood that the lease would not
be extended beyond 11 December 2010 as JTC had plans to re-develop the Tuas
area. However in February 2005, UDL received information from Sidat
Senanayake, an officer of the Economic Development Board (“EDB”). The
information was narrated in the supporting affidavit and incorporated in paras
8 to 13 of the Statement of Claim and was characterised by UDL as
representations:

**_The Representation_**

8.The Plaintiff told the EDB that their decision was based on the
understanding that the Tuas area was to be re-developed and the Lease would
not be extended beyond 31 December 2010. The Plaintiff had mentioned this
issue specifically with the EDB and also asked that the EDB clarify the
correctness of this position. Mr Sidat then represented to the Plaintiff that,
as a yet to be published policy, the Defendant had decided to postpone the
redevelopment of the area and would grant extensions of 20 years for the yards
in the area including the Premises. Given this new development, the EDB
requested that the Plaintiff reconsider the Potential Sale and to maintain
their business in Singapore.

9.The Plaintiff then asked for clear confirmation by the EDB of their
representations and assurances that the lease for the premises would be
available for an extension of 20 years.

10.Some time in or about early March 2005, Mr Sidat met with the Plaintiff’s
Mr Leung at the EDB’s offices. Mr Sidat repeated the representations by the
EDB and went on to inform and assure Mr Leung that, after checking and
confirming with the Defendant on the matter of lease extensions, what the EDB
had told the Plaintiff previously was correct and that the EDB would help and
render the necessary assistance to procure the extension of the Lease and that
the Plaintiff should therefore withdraw from the Potential Sale. As far as the
Plaintiff knows, the Defendant was therefore aware of the representations and
assurances made by the EDB to the Plaintiff.

11.Given the representations and assurances of the EDB and believing that the
EDB spoke for and on behalf of the Defendant, with the Defendant’s express or
implied consent, and that the Lease would therefore be renewed by the
Defendant, the Plaintiff withdrew from the Potential Sale in reliance on the
representations and assurances as communicated to the Plaintiff.

12.On or about 13 April 2005, Mr Leung and the Plaintiff’s Ms Gillian Leung
(“Ms Gillian”) met with Mr Sidat. Mr Leung told Mr Sidat that following the
assurances and representations of Mr Sidat, the Plaintiff had called off the
Potential Sale. Mr Leung then raised the issue that the Defendant might not,
as a matter of practice, entertain any application for an extension of the
Lease given that the unexpired term for the Lease was about 5 years at that
time. Mr Sidat said that he would speak to the Defendant about this but did
not expect any difficulty in this regard.

13.With regard to the abovementioned, on 26 May 2005, Mr Sidat wrote to the
Plaintiff stating as follows:

“ _Dear Mr Leung_ ,

_my apologies for not responding sooner_.

_We have discussed the matter with JTC_ , __who is agreeable to consider such
a conditional extension for UDL__.

_This is subject to EDB’s support and we would therefore look forward to
receiving a proposal from UDL on your proposed plans for the site_.

_Jen Siang has returned from his overseas travels, so you can follow-up on
this directly with him_.

_thank you & best regards_,

_Sidat”_

[underline added]

7 In paras 14 to 15 of its Statement of Claim, UDL alleged that the
representations were made with JTC’s knowledge and/or consent and stated that
it relied on the representations and re-structured its shareholdings so that
it became the subsidiary of UDL Holdings Ltd, a company listed on the Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong, produced business plans at the request of the EDB, and
held concurrent discussions with the EDB and JTC.

8 Paragraphs 17 and 18 of the Statement of Claim disclosed the process by
which UDL drew its conclusions on the events:

17.Given the EDB’s previous assurances, the Plaintiff presented the business
plan to the Defendant’s Mr Ernest Tay on or about 22 July 2008. At the time,
there were no adverse comments from Mr Ernest Tay nor any intimation that the
Plaintiff’s business plan was in any way flawed or unacceptable. Instead, Mr
Ernest Tay told the Plaintiff to _submit a formal application_ for renewal of
the Lease.

18.In reliance on the Defendant’s representation that the Lease _renewal was
now a matter of formality_ , and also the prior representations by the EDB (of
which the Defendant had knowledge), the Plaintiff increased its share capital
to $10 million, fully paid-up by its parent UDL Holdings Limited, as it
expected the renewal of the Lease for 20 years would be given shortly and that
the capital investment as set out in the Plaintiff’s business plan submitted
to the Defendant would be required soon.

[emphasis added]

9 There was something else that was brought up after the Statement of Claim
was filed and the parties had filed their affidavits in connection with the
application. In para 20 of its skeletal submissions dated 3 November 2010, UDL
referred to an email from Ernest Tay of JTC to his colleague Karen Lee dated
20 December 2005, that:

... _it seems like EDB is sending a wrong signal or message to the coy that so
long they have a fantastic idea/vision, EDB will support their plans and JTC
will grant them the renewal. This is not true as we need to perform our own
assessments. Perhaps, it is good to highlight to EDB (indirectly) when you
meet them the next time as it is creating unnecessary confusion on ground_.

[emphasis in original]

The email had not been referred to in the Statement of Claim or the supporting
affidavit, and the full text of the email was not set out. After quoting that
portion of the email, UDL submitted that “[t]here is no evidence whatsoever
that Ms Karen Lee or any other officer of the Defendant had in fact told EDB
to stop sending the “ _wrong signal or message_ ” to the Plaintiff” and it was
submitted that “[t]he email suggests that representations of the nature
alleged by the Plaintiffs were in fact made.” I find, on my reading of the
email, no indication that the JTC had made or authorised any representations
that may have been made by EDB, and that JTC _had not_ made any decision to
renew the lease and _did not_ share or agree with EDB’s perceived support for
a renewal.

10 UDL’s case is stated in its Statement of Claim[note: 1] and its skeletal
submissions[note: 2] to be founded on proprietary estoppel flowing from the
alleged representations. It is therefore important to look at the parties’
positions on the representations.

11 UDL’s position has been set out in the foregoing paragraphs. For JTC, Loh
Yew Pong, a Deputy Director of its Aerospace, Marine and Cleantech Cluster,
filed an affidavit on 15 October 2010. He stated in clear terms in his
affidavit that EDB is not the agent of JTC:

26.The Plaintiff has assumed throughout its pleadings and the [supporting
affidavit] filed on behalf of the Plaintiff, that the EDB is some sort of
agent of the Defendant, that the EDB could speak for and on behalf of the
Defendant. I must correct this baseless misconception that pervades the
Plaintiff’s statements.

27.The EDB is a separate entity from the Defendant, a different statutory
board with different functions from the Defendant to discharge, and is not an
agent of the Defendant. There is no basis for the Plaintiff to assume that
EDB’s actions would bind the Defendant.

12 Sidat Senanayake also deposed an affidavit. He stated that he was an
officer of the EDB from July 2003 to August 2007, first as a Senior Officer of
the Industry Promotion Division and then as Assistant Head of the Logistics
and Transport Cluster from April 2007. He deposed that:

10Sometime in February and March 2005, I contacted the Plaintiff, as part and
parcel of my work to understand the needs of businesses in Singapore. However,
I did not make the alleged representations set out in paragraphs 7.6, 7.7 and
7.8 of the [supporting affidavit].

a.Not only did I not make the alleged representations, for the sake of clarity
I would also add that based on my experience in EDB, EDB is a separate
statutory board from the Defendant.

b.As an employee of the EDB, I could not have been in the position to
represent considerations and decisions of the Defendant. I was aware of this
at the material time.

c.Had the Plaintiff raised concerns and doubts to me which pertained to
matters involving the Defendant or the Defendant’s discretion, I would have
directed the Plaintiff to directly contact the Defendant.

d.In particular, contrary to the last sentence of paragraph 7.8 of the
[supporting affidavit], I did not “[add] that ... the Plaintiff should
therefore _withdraw from_ the potential sale [of the Premises] and _maintain_
their business in Singapore at the Premises”. It would have been outside my
empowerment to so recommend or instruct the Plaintiff.

11.With regard to paragraph 7.9 of the [supporting affidavit], while I met
with Mr. Leung Yat Tung (“Mr. Leung”) some time in early 2005, I recall that I
had informed Mr. Leung that JTC was aware that the Plaintiff would like to
apply for a lease renewal. However I did not tell Mr. Leung that _“[I]
therefore_ __did not foresee any difficulty__ _to a renewal notwithstanding
the unexpired term of the Lease_.”

[emphasis in original]

13 The principles on which interim injunctions are to be granted are set down
in _American Cyanamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975] AC 396 (“ _American Cyanamid_
”) at 407 and 408 by Lord Diplock. The first principle is:

The court no doubt must be satisfied that the claim is not frivolous or
vexatious; in other words, that there is a serious question to be tried.

At this stage, the court will not endeavour to resolve conflicts of evidence,
and will accept the claim at face value:

... unless the material available to the court at the hearing of the
application for an interlocutory injunction fails to disclose that the
plaintiff has any real prospect of succeeding in his claim for a permanent
injunction at the trial ...

14 The second principle is that if the court is so satisfied:

... the court should go on to consider whether the balance of convenience lies
in favour of granting or refusing the interlocutory relief that is sought.

The balance of convenience is determined on the basis that:

If damages in the measure recoverable at common law would be adequate remedy
and the defendant would be in a financial position to pay them, no
interlocutory injunction should normally be granted, however strong the
plaintiff’s claim appeared to be at that stage.

but:

If, on the other hand, damages would not provide an adequate remedy for the
plaintiff in the event of his succeeding at the trial, the court should then
consider whether, on the contrary hypothesis that the defendant were to
succeed at the trial in establishing his right to do that which was sought to
be enjoined, he would be adequately compensated under the plaintiff’s
undertaking as to damages for the loss he would have sustained by being
prevented from doing so between the time of the application and the time of
the trial. If damages in the measure recoverable under such an undertaking
would be an adequate remedy and the plaintiff would be in a financial position
to pay them, there would be no reason upon this ground to refuse an
interlocutory injunction.

15 The first requirement for a serious question to be tried or the real
prospect of success was expanded on and explained in _In re Lord Cable, Decd.
Garratt and Others v Waters and Others_ [1977] 1 WLR 7 (“ _In re Lord Cable,
decd_ ”) at 19 and 20 by Slade J:

On any claim for an interlocutory injunction the court must still, as a first
step, consider whether the evidence available to the court discloses or fails
to disclose that the plaintiff has any real prospect of succeeding in his
claim for a permanent injunction at the trial; if the available evidence fails
to disclose this, the motion must fail in limine and questions of balance of
convenience will not fall to be considered at all ...

...

... _it is still necessary for any plaintiff who is seeking interlocutory
relief to adduce sufficiently precise factual evidence to satisfy the court
that he has a real prospect of succeeding in his claim for a permanent
injunction at the trial. If the facts adduced by him in support of his motion
do not by themselves suffice to satisfy the court as to this, he cannot ...
expect it to assist him by inventing hypotheses of fact upon which he might
have a real prospect of success_. For example, if he wishes the court to grant
him relief on the basis that another person has at all material times held
certain assets as nominee for a third party, he must adduce sufficient factual
evidence to show both the grounds upon which such claim is made and that he
has a real prospect of establishing that such assets are so held ...

[emphasis added]

and this exposition of the requirement has been adopted in subsequent cases
when the first principle was applied. The portion of Slade J’s judgment which
I have italicised was cited with approval in the Court of Appeal’s decision in
_Middlebrook Mushrooms Ltd v Transport and General Workers’ Union and Others_
[1993] ICR 612 by Hoffmann LJ. Slade J’s judgment was referred to and followed
more recently in _Novartis AG v Dexcel-Pharma Ltd_ [2008] FSR 31.

16 It is clear from _American Cyanamid_ and _In re Lord Cable, decd_ that an
applicant has to go beyond pleading a course of action to obtain an interim
injunction. The applicant has to present the material or evidence to show that
it has a real prospect of succeeding in its action. This is necessary because
it takes little to raise a serious question for trial. An applicant has to
establish a connection between the facts in his case and the question for
trial because there can be no entitlement to any relief on the latter without
the former.

17 When I applied the “real prospect of succeeding” test, I dealt with the
material and evidence with care. I took the material and evidence presented by
UDL at face value, as the sum of its case at the present stage of the
proceedings. I was, however, more restrictive in the treatment of the evidence
of JTC, and only looked for admissions which supported UDL’s application or
unrebutted refutations of any of UDL’s allegations, and I did not find any
such admissions or refutations. I took this approach in view of Lord Diplock’s
caution in _American Cyanamid_ that:

It is no part of the court’s function at this stage of the litigation to try
to resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit as to facts on which the claims
of either party may ultimately depend nor to decide difficult questions of law
which call for detailed argument and mature considerations. These are matters
to be dealt with at the trial.

18 When the material and evidence presented by UDL were examined, it was clear
that:

(a) UDL had not produced any contemporaneous note or record of the alleged
representations;

(b) UDL did not verify with Sidat Senanayake, EDB or JTC at the time of the
alleged representations that Sidat Senanayake was speaking on behalf of JTC
when he made the alleged representations even though UDL had concurrent
discussions with EDB and JTC on the renewal of the lease;

(c) UDL misunderstood (or misrepresented) JTC’s request that UDL submits a
formal application for the renewal of the lease to be a representation that
the lease renewal was a matter of formality;

(d) as late as 26 May 2005, at the end of the period when the alleged
representations were made by Sidat Senanayake (see para 6 _supra_), he only
stated that JTC was “agreeable to consider” UDL’s request to extend the lease;
and

(e) when UDL received JTC’s letter of 20 November 2009 that the lease will not
be renewed, it did not protest and remind JTC of the alleged representations.

19 The material and evidence presented by UDL did not disclose that UDL has a
real prospect of succeeding in its claim on proprietary estoppel.
Consequently, the application, as Slade J noted, must fail _in limine_ and the
question of balance of convenience will not fall to be considered. I therefore
dismissed the application and ordered that there be an expedited trial of the
action.

20 As my decision is under appeal, I will also deal with the second principle
relating to the balance of convenience, first on whether damages would be an
adequate remedy for UDL.

21 UDL contended in the supporting affidavit and its written submissions that
damages would not be an adequate remedy because on its business plans, UDL
expects to earn approximately $40 million in gross profits a year, and that
even without the expanded activities contemplated in the business plan, it
would earn about $1.8 million a year if it continued with its existing
business activities. UDL also submitted that if it was denied a renewal of the
lease, it would have to relocate its business, and that would result in a loss
of its customers, goodwill and reputation which would be difficult to
quantify.

22 Quite inexplicably, JTC did not respond to that submissions, but that did
not mean that I should accept the submissions without examination. It is quite
clear that the cessation of the lease would affect UDL’s ability to carry on
its business, unless it secured alternative premises, and it would be
difficult to find premises of similar attributes in terms of location and
size. In addition to that, if UDL is able to find alternative premises, and
relocates its business operations, then it would be in the ironic position
that if it succeeds in its claim it may not want to return to the premises
because it may not require two sites for its operations.

23 It is apparent that if UDL succeeds in its claim, the quantification of its
loss for lost income, goodwill and reputation would be contentious and
difficult. In addition to that, monetary damages cannot adequately redress the
effect of a forced relocation. For these reasons, I agree with UDL that
damages would not be an adequate remedy.

24 JTC, on the other hand submitted that the loss and damages it may incur on
an interim injunction would be immeasurable.[note: 3] It referred to (i) the
loss of rent, land sale price, licensing fee or tender price; (ii)
immeasurable loss of fixed asset investment on the land; and (iii) the loss of
potential customers and the contributions they could make to the national
economy. It was however, not explained how, if an interim injunction is
granted pending the disposal of the pending action, the delay in the
repossession of the premises over that period cannot be adequately compensated
by damages. The premises and the demand for the premises will still be there,
and any losses arising from the delay can be ascertained and quantified
without too much difficulty.

25 In conclusion, I dismissed the application because UDL failed to show that
its claim in proprietary estoppel had a real prospect of success. If it had a
real prospect of success, its application would have been granted as it
satisfied the second requirement for an interim injunction.

* * *

[note: 1]At para 34

[note: 2]At para 5

[note: 3]Defendant’s Submissions, Part B, paras 63–74

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

