Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Holdings Pte Ltd (in creditor’s voluntary liquidation) _v_ Prosperity
Steel (Asia) Co Ltd and others  
[2011] SGHC 219

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 726 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Chan and Carol Teh (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
plaintiff; Giam Chin Toon SC and Kevin Lim (Wee Swee Teow & Co); and Chia Boon
Teck and Wong Kai Yun (Chia Wong LLP) for the second defendant; Tan Cheng Han
SC and Charmaine Kong (TSMP Law Corporation) for the Scheme Manager of the
second defendant; Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the third defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tan Holdings Pte Ltd (in creditor's voluntary liquidation) —
Prosperity Steel (Asia) Co Ltd and others  
  
30 September 2011|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an application by a receiver appointed by a judgment
creditor to claim for “bonus” shares in a Singapore listed company that the
judgment debtor was allegedly entitled to. However the application was
challenged at the threshold level that the receiver lacked _locus standi_ to
claim the “bonus” shares as the receivership order did not purport to permit
the receiver to bring the action on behalf of the judgment debtor. Instead the
receivership order merely authorised the action to be brought in the name of
the judgment creditor and indeed the application was filed on that basis.

2 In addition, the application was also opposed on the merits that the
judgment debtor was not entitled to the “bonus” shares in the first place and
if it did, the right had been transferred to another party in any event. After
hearing the parties, I dismissed the application both on the _locus standi_
issue as well as on the merits.

3 In dismissing the application, I had provided my brief oral grounds which I
have elaborated below. This decision will examine the circumstances under
which a receiver could be appointed by way of equitable execution in respect
of a chose in action allegedly vested in a judgment debtor. The facts of this
case were rather complex and needed to be set out in some detail in order to
fully understand the nature and origin of the application. It underwent
several routes with a view to achieving its objective and along the way, the
pivotal _locus standi_ issue was raised but unfortunately, it remained
unresolved when the application finally came before me for determination.

Background

The parties

4 The plaintiff, Tan Holdings Pte Ltd (“Tan Holdings”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. On 20 June 2006, Tan Holdings was placed under
insolvent voluntary liquidation pursuant to section 290 of the Companies Act
(Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed). Mr Bob Yap Cheng Ghee (“Mr Bob Yap”) of KPMG Advisory
Services Pte Ltd (“KPMG”) was appointed as the sole liquidator of Tan
Holdings.

5 The first defendant, Prosperity Steel (Asia) Company Limited (“Prosperity”),
is a company incorporated in Hong Kong. It is currently inactive.

6 The second defendant, Abterra Limited (“Abterra”), is a company incorporated
in Singapore, and is listed on the mainboard of the Singapore Exchange
Securities Trading Limited. Abterra was formerly known as Hua Kok
International Ltd.

7 The third defendant, General Nice Resources (Hong Kong) Limited (“GNR”), is
also a company incorporated in Hong Kong. Unlike Prosperity, GNR is presently
still an active company.

The Strategic Subscription and New Business Agreement between Prosperity and
Abterra

8 Sometime in 2004, Abterra ran into financial difficulties. As part of
Abterra’s efforts to restructure its debts, it entered into a Scheme of
Arrangement (“the Abterra Scheme”) with its creditors. The Abterra Scheme was
sanctioned by an order of court dated 12 January 2005 and Mr Bob Yap was
appointed as the Scheme Manager of the Abterra Scheme.

9 Prior to the sanction of the Abterra Scheme, on 30 August 2004, as part of
Abterra’s efforts to raise capital, Abterra had entered into a Strategic
Subscription and New Business Agreement (“SSA”) with Prosperity. The SSA
provided that Prosperity would invest S$6 million in Abterra by subscribing
for shares in Abterra with the result that Prosperity became its majority
shareholder that ultimately translated into a 70% stake in Abterra.
Essentially, Prosperity was to be the “white knight” of Abterra.

10 Under the Abterra Scheme, “Contingent Creditors” were to receive
“Contingent Conversion Shares” in lieu of their claims against Abterra upon
the crystallization of “Contingent Liabilities” as defined under the SSA. In
order to preserve Prosperity’s 70% shareholding in Abterra, Prosperity was
entitled to call on Abterra for the allotment of “Further Strategic Shares”
(“FSS”) whenever “Contingent Conversion Shares” were allotted to the
“Contingent Creditors” under clause 8A.5 of the SSA which provided, _inter
alia_ , as follows:

8A.5In the event that the Contingent Creditors referred to in Recital (F) are
bound in the _Agreed Period_ to receive Contingent Conversion Shares in
discharge of the Crystallized Liabilities, Prosperity shall have the right to
request the Company, and the Company shall agree, to issue bonus shares in the
capital of the Company to Prosperity, such shares to be fully paid-up upon
issue (“**Further Strategic Shares** ”), at the ratio of :-

(a)seven (7) Further Strategic Shares for every three (3) Contingent
Conversion Shares when neither of Value Event A or Value Event B is
applicable;

[emphasis in original in bold, emphasis added in italics]

11 On 29 December 2004, before the court sanctioned the Abterra Scheme,
Prosperity and Abterra entered into the First Supplementary SSA to vary
certain terms of the SSA.

12 Paragraph 2.9 of the First Supplementary SSA read:

2.9 _Clause 8A.5_

As the claims of Contingent Creditors may crystallize after three years from
the date of the [SSA], the reference to “in the Agreed Period” in Clause 8A.5
of the [SSA] shall be deleted.

13 On 14 March 2005, after the court had sanctioned the Abterra Scheme,
Prosperity and Abterra entered into a Second Supplementary SSA to vary certain
terms of the SSA as amended by the First Supplementary SSA.

14 Paragraph 3.11 of the Second Supplementary SSA read:

3.11 _Clause 8A.5_

The existing Clause 8A.5 shall be deleted and replaced with the following:-

“8A.5In the event that the Contingent Creditors referred to in Recital (F) are
bound in the Agreed Period to receive Contingent Conversion Shares in
discharge of the Crystallized Liabilities, Prosperity shall have the right to
request the Company, and the Company shall agree, to issue bonus shares in the
capital of the Company to Prosperity, such shares to be fully paid-up upon
issue (“**Further Strategic Shares** ”), at the ratio of seven (7) Further
Strategic Shares for every three (3) Contingent Conversion Shares.”

[emphasis in original]

15 I pause to observe that the reference to the “Agreed Period” in clause 8A.5
of the SSA was initially removed _via_ the First Supplementary SSA, but was
reinstated pursuant to the Second Supplementary SSA.

16 On 17 May 2005, Prosperity and Abterra entered into a Third Supplementary
SSA. However, as the Third Supplementary SSA did not vary clause 8A.5 further,
it is not relevant to the present application.

The Loan Agreement between Tan Holdings and Prosperity

17 The genesis of this application could be traced to a Loan and Assignment
Agreement dated 20 January 2005 (“the Loan Agreement”) between Tan Holdings,
Prosperity and Bumiputra Commerce Bank Berhad, Singapore (“BCB”). Under the
Loan Agreement, Prosperity extended a loan of S$800,000 to Tan Holdings in
exchange for which Tan Holdings pledged 60 million shares that it held in
Abterra to Prosperity.

18 Tan Holdings in turn used the S$800,000 loan to purchase Abterra’s
outstanding debt to BCB.

Suit No 899 of 2008

19 A dispute eventually arose in relation to the Loan Agreement that led to
the commencement of Suit No 899 of 2008 (“S 899/2008”) on 28 November 2008 by
the liquidator of Tan Holdings (“the Liquidator”) against Prosperity for
breach of certain implied terms of the Loan Agreement. The details of the
Liquidator’s claim in S 899/2008 are strictly irrelevant to the present
application. Suffice it to say that Prosperity did not enter an appearance to
S 899/2008, and consequently, on 27 February 2009, default judgment was
obtained by the Liquidator against Prosperity for the sum of some S$4.4
million.

Summons No 2983 of 2009: Receivership Order

20 To enforce the default judgment, on 2 July 2009, the Liquidator applied by
way of an _ex parte_ summons before Judith Prakash J in Summons No 2983 of
2009 (“SUM 2983/2009”) and obtained an order (“the Receivership Order”)
appointing Mr Lai Seng Kwoon as receiver (“the Receiver”) to receive the
profits and moneys receivable in respect of Prosperity’s interest in the FSS
under the SSA.

21 The Liquidator took the position that Prosperity was entitled to
291,515,259 FSS which was derived as follows:

(a) First, he relied on two announcements made by Abterra dated 28 December
2007 and 24 December 2008 on the allotments of Contingent Conversion Shares to
Contingent Creditors.

(b) Pursuant to the 28 December 2007 announcement under which United Overseas
Bank’s (“UOB”) claim for S$397,800.28 under a corporate guarantee (“the 2007
UOB claim”) was admitted, Abterra allotted 3,043,800 Contingent Conversion
Shares to UOB.

(c) Pursuant to the 24 December 2008 announcement under which ECICS Credit and
Guarantee Company (Singapore) Pte Ltd’s (“ECICS”) claim for S$9,307.36 under a
performance guarantee (“the ECICS claim”), UOB’s claim for S$1,587,572.51
under a corporate guarantee (“the 2008 UOB claim”) and Malayan Banking
Berhad’s (“MBB”) claim for S$1,084,728.97 under a corporate guarantee (“the
MBB claim”) were admitted, Abterra allotted a total of 121,891,311 Contingent
Conversion Shares to the said Contingent Creditors.

(d) Given that seven FSS were to be allotted for every three Contingent
Conversion Shares under clause 8A.5 of the SSA, the total number of FSS that
Prosperity was entitled to worked out to be 291,515,259.

22 Upon hearing SUM 2983/2009, Prakash J granted the Receivership Order of
which paragraphs 1 and 5 read as follows:

1 The Plaintiff being answerable for the acts and defaults of the receiver, it
is ordered that LAI SENG KWOON (NRIC No. S1287640H), care of 8 Robinson Road,
#13-00 ASO Building Singapore 048544, be and is hereby appointed to receive
the profits and moneys receivable in respect of the abovenamed Defendant’s
interest in the following property, namely the Further Strategic Shares to be
issued pursuant to the [SSA] dated August 2004 between Abterra Ltd (formerly
known as “Hua Kok International Ltd”) and the Defendant but the Plaintiff
shall not receive more than the amount of the judgment debt (including
interest and costs as set out in paragraph 5 below) and the allowed costs of
obtaining this order without leave of the Court.

...

5\. The receiver shall on the 5th day of October 2009 (3 months after the date
of the order) and at such further and other times may be ordered by the
Registrar leave and pass his accounts, and shall on the 3rd day of November
2009 (4 months after the date of order), and such further and other times as
may be hereafter ordered by the Registrar pay the balance or balances
appearing due on the accounts so left, or such part thereof as shall be
certified as proper to be so paid, such sums to be paid in or towards
satisfaction of what shall for the time being be due in respect of the
judgment signed on the 27th day of February 2009 for the sums of
S$4,404,590.33 debt, interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum on such debt
calculated from the date of the commencement of proceedings herein until
payment is received in full by the Plaintiff and S$7,500 costs. [emphasis
added]

23 Following the Receivership Order, the Receiver wrote to Abterra to issue
78,694,000 FSS in satisfaction of the judgment debt. In response, Abterra
through its solicitor’s letter dated 13 August 2009, declined to do so, _inter
alia_ , on the premise that the Receivership Order did not empower the
Receiver to request for the FSS on behalf of Prosperity. It would appear that
the _locus standi_ issue was flagged by Abterra at a very early stage.

Summons No 4903 of 2009: Construction of clause 8A.5 before Kan J

24 Given Abterra’s refusal to allot the FSS to the Receiver, the Liquidator
took out Summons No 4903 of 2009 (“SUM 4903/2009”) on 1 October 2009 in S
899/2008 before Kan Ting Chiu J for determination of the true and proper
construction of clause 8A.5 as it stood amended by the Second Supplementary
SSA and that pending such determination, the Receiver was not required to
comply with paragraph 5 of the Receivership Order. The application in SUM
4903/2009 was contested by both Abterra and GNR as interested parties even
though they were not direct parties to S 899/2008.

25 At the hearing of SUM 4903/2009, Kan J noted that since Abterra was not a
party to S 899/2008, it was not desirable to make a determination on the
effect of clause 8A.5. The Liquidator then applied for leave to withdraw SUM
4903/2009 so that a fresh application could be filed for the same relief
naming Abterra as a party. Kan J granted the leave sought and ordered, _inter
alia_ :

1\. _That pending the determination by agreement or adjudication on the effect
of Clause 8A.5_ of the [SSA] dated 30 August 2004 entered into between Abterra
Ltd (formerly known as “Hua Kok International Ltd”) and the Defendant and read
with the Scheme of Arrangement proposed by and entered into between Abterra
Ltd and certain of its creditors _, the Receiver shall not be required to
comply with paragraph 5 of the Order of Court dated 2 July 2009_.

[emphasis added]

The Sale and Purchase Agreement between Prosperity and GNR

26 At this juncture, I would pause to take note of one other event. Prior to
the commencement of S 899/2008, an intervening development took place in
relation to Prosperity’s shares in Abterra which has a material bearing on the
right to the FSS. On 1 September 2006, Prosperity entered into a Sale and
Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) with GNR whereby Prosperity sold some 1.337 billion
shares it held in Abterra to GNR at the price of about S$4.95 million.
According to GNR, the sale took place because Prosperity was looking to exit
from Abterra and, at the same time, GNR was looking to acquire a controlling
interest in a Singapore listed company.

27 The two material clauses in the SPA which were relevant to the issues
before me were clauses 2.1 and 1.1.

28 Clause 2.1 of the SPA read:

2.1Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Vendor agrees to
sell to the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall purchase from the Vendor, the
Sale Shares absolutely free and clear from all Encumbrances of whatsoever
nature and _with all rights, benefits and entitlements now or thereafter
attaching thereto with effect from 1 September 2006_.

[emphasis added]

29 The term “Sale Shares” was defined in clause 1.1 as follows:

**1**. **DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION**

1.1 [...]

“**Sale Shares** ” means 1,337,592,585 ordinary shares, representing 65% of
the issued shares of the Company as at the date hereof, to be sold by the
Vendor to the Purchaser under this Agreement.

[emphasis in original]

30 At the time of sale under the SPA, Prosperity held 70% of the shares in
Abterra. As a result of the sale, Prosperity was left with only 5% of the
shares in Abterra, whereas GNR, having bought shares in Abterra from
Prosperity as well other sources, now holds over 92% of the shares in Abterra.

Originating Summons No 726 of 2010: The present action

31 Arising from the order made by Kan J in SUM 4903/2009, the Liquidator then
commenced the present action in Originating Summons No 726 of 2010 (“OS
726/2010”) on 16 July 2010, naming Prosperity, Abterra and GNR as the first,
second and third defendants respectively. In OS 726/2010, the Liquidator
sought a declaration that:

(a) on a true and proper construction of clause 8A.5 of the SSA dated 30
August 2004 and amended by the Second Supplementary SSA on 14 March 2005,
Prosperity had a present right to call on Abterra to issue the FSS as defined
in the SSA; and

(b) the right to call on the FSS did not pass from Prosperity to GNR pursuant
to the SPA.

Summons No 2161 of 2011: Amendment of the Receivership Order

32 About a year later, on 19 May 2011, the Liquidator applied by way of _ex
parte_ summons to amend the Receivership Order in Summons No 2161 of 2011
(“SUM 2161/2011”). It was necessary to first explain the circumstances that
led to the amendment application.

33 In a separate application initiated by Abterra in Originating Summons No
1185 of 2010 to enjoin the Liquidator from using information which came into
his possession _qua_ scheme administrator of the Abterra Scheme, Woo Bih Li J
remarked during the hearing on 25 March 2011 that the correct plaintiff for OS
726/2010 should perhaps have been the receiver of Prosperity instead.

34 During the hearing before me, Mr David Chan, counsel for the Receiver (“Mr
Chan”), accepted that the _locus standi_ of the proper applicant to claim for
the FSS became a “live issue” following the observation by Woo J and that the
amendment application was made to address the shortcomings of the Receivership
Order. The Receiver in his supporting affidavit explained, _inter alia_ , that
the Receivership Order did not expressly empower him to call on Abterra to
issue the FSS or to commence proceedings to claim for the FSS.

35 I found it curious that the amendment application was heard on an _ex
parte_ basis. Thereafter I discovered that although the solicitors of Abterra
were initially notified of the amendment application by the Registry of the
Supreme Court (“the Registry”), following a telephone call from the solicitors
for the Liquidator, the Registry subsequently notified Abterra’s solicitors in
writing that their attendance was not required “since you are not acting for
any party in this matter”.

36 As I was concerned about the circumstances that eventually resulted in the
amendment application being heard on an _ex parte_ basis, I directed the
Liquidator’s solicitors to formally explain the circumstances surrounding the
telephone call to the Registry. Following their detailed explanation as well
as Abterra’s response, I was satisfied that there was nothing improper in the
telephone call by the Liquidator’s solicitors. In essence, they explained that
they did not believe that the amendment application needed to be served on
Abterra since they were not direct parties to S 899/2008 or to the original
application that led to the Receivership Order. Indeed, the notification of
the amendment application to Abterra’s solicitors was subsequently withdrawn
by the Registry on this basis. It was also clear that Abterra’s solicitors
were at least aware of the amendment application through the notification from
the Registry and therefore could have sought for more information if they were
interested to attend the hearing even though the amendment application was
never formally served on them.

37 Having said that, given the contentious background, particularly the
acknowledged shortcomings of the Receivership Order and the earlier
participation of Abterra and GNR in SUM 4903/2009 before Kan J, the better and
prudent course was for the Liquidator’s solicitors to have served the
amendment application on all the interested parties including Abterra and GNR
so that all relevant arguments could have been adequately ventilated at an
earlier stage.

38 In any event, Prakash J heard the application on an _ex parte_ basis in SUM
2161/2011 and granted the amendments to the Receivership Order sought by the
Liquidator (“the Amended Receivership Order”).

39 Paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the Amended Receivership Order read:

1.The Plaintiff being answerable for the acts and defaults of the receiver, it
is ordered that **LAI SENG KWOON** (NRIC No. S1287640H), care of 8 Robinson
Road, #13-00 ASO Building Singapore 048544, be and is hereby appointed (“the
Receiver”) to do all such things as are necessary in the Defendant’s stead to
call on and/or demand and receive the Further Strategic Shares to be issued
pursuant to the Strategic Subscription and New Business Agreement dated August
2004 between Abterra Ltd. (formerly known as “Hua Kok International Ltd”) and
the Defendant (the “Share Subscription Agreement”).

2.The Receiver shall be permitted and empowered, if necessary, to:

a.Appoint a solicitor to assist him in his duties; and

b.Bring or defend and/or continue any action or other legal proceeding in the
name and on behalf of the Plaintiff but only in so far as it is necessary and
in pursuance and/or facilitation of paragraph 1 above.

3.The Receiver shall receive and sell the Further Strategic Shares and use the
proceeds of the sale to satisfy the judgment debt but the Plaintiff shall not
receive more than the amount of the judgment debt (including interest and
costs as set out in paragraph 7 below) and the allowed costs of obtaining this
order without leave of the Court.

[emphasis in original]

40 It was apparent from the terms of the Amended Receivership Order that the
amendments were indeed intended to address the shortcomings as identified in
the supporting affidavit filed by the Receiver. Following the Amended
Receivership Order, the Receiver took over conduct of OS 726/2010.

Issues

41 The above summary of the material facts provided the backdrop under which
the following issues came before me for determination:

(a) First, does the Receiver have the _locus standi_ to bring the present
application for the FSS under clause 8A.5 of SSA as it stood amended by the
Second Supplementary SSA?

(b) Secondly, if the Receiver had _locus standi_ , whether upon a true and
proper construction of clause 8A.5 of the SSA, Prosperity still had the right
to claim for the FSS?

(c) Thirdly, if Prosperity still had the right to claim for the FSS, whether
the right still remained with Prosperity or had been transferred to GNR
pursuant to the SPA?

42 To succeed in OS 726/2010, Mr Chan accepted that the Receiver had to
overcome all three hurdles. Having considered the evidence before me and the
respective parties’ submissions, I arrived at the conclusion that the Receiver
had failed in all three respects.

Nature of a Receivership Order

43 Before examining the _locus standi_ issue, it is perhaps useful to
understand the nature of a receivership order and, in particular, whether a
chose in action could properly be the subject matter of such an order.

44 A clear exposition of the effect and nature of a receivership order was
expounded by Collins LJ in _Masri v Consolidated Contractors Int (UK) Ltd (No
2)_ [2009] 1 QB 450. Collins LJ held (at [52]–[53]) that:

52 The starting point is the effect of the receivership order. Receivership by
way of equitable execution is summarised in _Snell_ , _Equity_ , 31st ed
(2005), para 17-25:

“A judgment creditor normally obtains satisfaction of his judgment by
execution at common law, using the writ of fieri facias, attachment of debts
and, formerly, in the case of land, the writ of elegit. There were cases,
however, where the creditor could not levy execution at law owing to the
nature of the property, the principal case being where the property was merely
equitable, such as an interest under a trust or an equity of redemption.
Another example was a covenant of indemnity or other chose in action of which
the debtor has the benefit, but which could not be reached by attachment. In
order to meet this difficulty, the Court of Chancery evolved a process of
execution by way of appointing a receiver of the equitable interest, and if
necessary supplemented this by an injunction restraining the judgment debtor
from disposing of his interest in the property. This process was not
‘execution’ in the ordinary sense of the word, but a form of equitable relief
for cases where execution was not possible. The effect of such an appointment
‘is that it does not create a charge on the property, but that it operates as
an injunction against the judgment debtor receiving the income’ or dealing
with the property to the prejudice of the judgment creditor.”

53 The authorities bear out the proposition, important in this case, that the
appointment does not have a proprietary effect. It has effect as an injunction
restraining the judgment debtor from receiving any part of the property which
it covers, if that property is not already in his possession, but it does not
vest the property in the receiver. As Lindley LJ said in _In re Sartoris’s
Estate_ [1892] 1 Ch 11, 22 : “It operates as an injunction restraining the
defendant from getting in money which the receiver is appointed to receive.”
See also _Stevens v Hutchinson_ [1953] 1 Ch 299, 305\. The judgment creditor
receives no interest in the received property until it is transferred to him
in satisfaction of the judgment debt: _In re Potts_ [1893] 1 QB 648, 661.

45 Cotton LJ observed in _In re Shephard_ (1889) 43 Ch D 131 that it might be
somewhat confusing to refer to the appointment of a receiver as a form of
“equitable execution”. Cotton LJ held (at 135) that:

Confusion of ideas has arisen from the use of the term “equitable execution.”
The expression tends to error. It has often been used by judges, and occurs in
some orders, as a short expression indicating that the person who obtains the
order gets the same benefit as he would have got from legal execution. But
what he gets by the appointment of a receiver is not execution, but equitable
relief, which is granted on the ground that there is no remedy by execution at
law; it is a taking out of the way a hindrance which prevents execution at
common law.

Subject matter of a receivership order

46 The power of the court to appoint a receiver is set out under paragraph
5(a) of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed), which provides as follows:

**Preservation of subject-matter, evidence and assets to satisfy judgment**

5\. Power before or after any proceedings are commenced to provide for —

(a) the interim preservation of property which is the subject-matter of the
proceedings by sale or by injunction or the appointment of receiver or the
registration of a caveat or a lis pendens or in any manner whatsoever;

(b) the preservation of evidence by seizure, detention, inspection,
photographing, the taking of samples, the conduct of experiments or in any
manner; and

(c) the preservation of assets for the satisfaction of any judgment which has
been or may be made.

47 Here, the “property” over which the Receivership Order was obtained related
to an alleged right of the judgment debtor, _ie_ , Prosperity’s right to the
FSS under clause 8A.5 of the SSA. It was accepted by all parties that such a
right was strictly a chose in action. All parties were also in agreement that
a chose in action could legitimately be the subject matter of a receivership
order and relied on the same authorities in support of this proposition of
law.

48 In _Bourne v Colodense Ltd_ [1985] ICR 291 (“ _Bourne_ ”), the plaintiff
developed health issues which were believed to have been caused by the
defendant’s negligent use of a toxic substance at the work place. The
plaintiff then applied to his trade union for assistance to sue the defendant
whereupon the trade union appointed a solicitor to act on his behalf. The
action was eventually dismissed with costs after a lengthy trial. As the
plaintiff was elderly and sick with no assets, it was accepted that bankruptcy
and execution would not produce any recovery for the defendant. It was the
understanding that the trade union had financed the litigation and would pick
up the costs which the plaintiff was liable to pay to the defendant but it
refused to do so. As the trade union was not a direct party to the litigation,
it could not be ordered to pay the costs of the action. Under those
circumstances, the defendant applied for and obtained an order to appoint a
receiver by way of equitable execution for liberty to commence proceedings in
the name of the plaintiff to claim an indemnity against the trade union in
respect of costs which the plaintiff was liable to pay the defendant following
the dismissal of the claim.

49 _Bourne_ was cited with approval in _Maclaine Watson v International Tin
Council_ [1987] 3 WLR 508 (“ _Maclaine_ ”). Like _Bourne_ , the subject matter
of the application for the appointment of a receiver in _Maclaine_ was also a
chose in action. In an arbitration to which the International Tin Council
(“ITC”) submitted, an award was made against the ITC which it defaulted in
paying. Leave of court was subsequently obtained to enforce the award and
judgment was accordingly entered. When the judgment remained unsatisfied, the
applicant applied to appoint a receiver over the assets of ITC in order to
make formal demands in the name of ITC against its member states for
contributions in respect of the judgment debt.

50 As a matter of principle, Millett J held in _Maclaine_ that he had the
jurisdiction to appoint a receiver. However, the application was disallowed
because Millett J found (at 518E) that the applicant had failed to demonstrate
an _arguable case_ that ITC had any cause of action against its member states
which was not derived from international treaty, it being accepted that a
claim based on an international treaty was not justiciable before the English
court.

51 Having stated the position in law that a chose in action could properly be
the subject matter of a receivership order, it is necessary to explain when a
chose in action is suitable and appropriate for the appointment of a receiver.
Can a receiver be appointed in respect of a _disputed_ chose in action? In
this respect, it was also common ground amongst all parties that a receiver
could be appointed even if the chose in action was disputed. In both _Bourne_
and _Maclaine_ , the courts held that it was essential for the applicant to
show an arguable case (see _Maclaine_ at 513H) or a _prima facie_ case on the
merits (see _Bourne_ at 294). On the other hand, it is equally clear that a
court would not appoint a receiver if it “ _was satisfied that the appointment
would be fruitless because there was nothing for the receiver to get in_ ”
(_per_ Dhillon LJ in _Bourne_ at 302) [emphasis added].

The locus standi issue

52 It was common ground amongst all parties that in order for the Receiver to
seek declaratory relief under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”), six requirements laid down by the Singapore
Court of Appeal in _Karaha Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and
another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“ _Karaha Bodas_ ”) must be satisfied.
The Court of Appeal in _Karaha Bodas_ held (at [14]) that:

14 [...] the following are the requirements that must be satisfied before the
court grants such relief:

(a) the court must have the jurisdiction and power to award the remedy;

(b) the matter must be justiciable in the court;

(c) as a declaration is a discretionary remedy, it must be justified by the
circumstances of the case;

(d) _the plaintiff must have_ locus standi _to bring the suit and there must
be a real controversy for the court to resolve_ ;

(e) any person whose interests might be affected by the declaration should be
before the court; and

(f) there must be some ambiguity or uncertainty about the issue in respect of
which the declaration is asked for so that the court’s determination would
have the effect of laying such doubts to rest.

[emphasis added]

53 The Receiver’s _locus standi_ was challenged on the fundamental premise
that Tan Holdings was not a party to the SSA and that the Amended Receivership
Order did not purport to empower the Receiver to commence proceedings in the
name of Prosperity who was the relevant party under the SSA to take out the
application.

54 The Court of Appeal in _Karaha Bodas_ held (at [19]) that a plaintiff does
not have the standing to seek a declaration regarding the rights of two other
parties as opposed to a right which it could claim for itself. In so holding,
the Court of Appeal endorsed the approach of Lord Diplock in _Gouriet v Union
of Post Office Workers_ [1978] AC 435 at 501 that:

.... the jurisdiction of the court to make declarations of rights was confined
to declaring contested legal rights of the parties represented in the
litigation.

55 Counsel for the second defendant, Mr Giam Chin Toon SC (“Mr Giam SC”)
helpfully referred the court to the English Court of Appeal’s decision of _R v
Secretary of State for Social Services and another, ex parte Child Poverty
Action Group and others_ [1990] 2 QB 540 (“ _ex parte CPAG_ ”) for the
proposition that the _locus standi_ of an applicant for declaratory relief
goes to the jurisdiction of the court and must be satisfied even if it was not
contested. In _ex parte CPAG_ , Woolf LJ held at 556 that:

However, we make it clear that in our view _the question of_ locus standi
_goes to jurisdiction of the court_ and therefore the approach adopted by the
department in this case, while understandable, is not appropriate. _The
parties are not entitled to confer jurisdiction, which the court does not
have, on the court by consent_ and, if this court had been minded to grant
declaratory relief, would have had to advance any arguments which were
available to them or to accept the consequences of not doing so.

[emphasis added]

56 Before me, Mr Chan accepted that the Receiver’s case on _locus standi_
would stand or fall on the Amended Receivership Order dated 24 May 2011. In
particular, Mr Chan relied on paragraphs 1, 2 and 3 of the Amended
Receivership Order.

57 Before examining the terms of the Amended Receivership Order, it is
apposite to note that in _Bourne_ and _Maclaine_ where receivers were
appointed to enforce a chose in action, the receivership order had
specifically empowered the receiver to take steps or commence proceedings _in
the name of the judgment debtor_. In _Bourne_ , the order expressly authorised
the receiver to recover the costs _in the name of the plaintiff_ against the
trade union. Similarly, in _Maclaine_ , the applicant sought an order to
appoint a receiver by way of equitable execution to authorise the receiver,
_in the name of ITC_ to make formal demands against its member states for
contributions. In this way, there would be no issue of a party seeking a
declaration of rights concerning _other parties_ as was disapproved by the
Court of Appeal in _Karaha Bodas_.

58 The law of receivership is well settled in Singapore. In _Lee Kuan Yew v
Tang Liang Hong and another and other suits_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 328, Lai Kew Chai
J held (at [7]) that:

7 [...] His main function is the identification, collection and protection or
preservation of property which he must hold to abide by the outcome of the
action in which he is appointed. _A receiver appointed by a court derives his
powers from the terms of the order appointing him_. If necessary, he may apply
to court for further powers and directions.

[emphasis added]

59 A receiver, as an officer of the court, derives his powers solely from the
terms of the court order appointing him. It follows that his powers are
defined by the terms of the court order. What the receiver can or cannot do is
a matter of construction of the terms of the receivership order. If a
receivership order does not specifically empower the receiver to bring an
action on behalf of a particular party, it must follow that he has no power to
do so.

60 Under paragraph 1 of the Amended Receivership Order, the Receiver was only
empowered to “call on and/or demand and receive the Further Strategic Shares”.
The Amended Receivership Order did not expressly empower the Receiver to bring
an action on behalf of Prosperity. Given that Prosperity was the first
defendant in OS 726/2010, it would have been odd for the Receiver to obtain an
order empowering him to proceed in the name of Prosperity against several
defendants _including_ Prosperity.

61 The lack of power on the part of the Receiver to commence proceedings in
the name of Prosperity became even clearer when paragraph 2(b) of the Amended
Receivership Order was examined. Paragraph 2(b) stated that:

2\. The Receiver shall be permitted and empowered, if necessary, to:

...

b. _Bring or defend and/or continue any action or other legal proceeding in
the name and on behalf of the Plaintiff_ but only in so far as it is necessary
and in pursuance and/or facilitation of paragraph 1 above.

[emphasis added]

62 The language used here was plain. Paragraph 2(b) of the Amended
Receivership Order _only_ empowered the Receiver to bring an action on behalf
of the plaintiff and not on behalf of Prosperity. Consistent with the lack of
power to commence OS 726/2010 in the name of Prosperity, the Receiver had
instead commenced proceedings in the name of Tan Holdings. Paragraph 3 of the
Amended Receivership Order merely empowered the Receiver to receive and sell
the FSS and did not assist in addressing the _locus standi_ issue either.

63 In response to Abterra’s solicitors, the solicitors for the Receiver by
letter dated 30 May 2011 stated that the Receiver “is now empowered and does
again make a request _on behalf of Prosperity_ ” [emphasis added] for the
allotment of the FSS and therefore had implicitly recognised that the claim
ought to brought in the name of Prosperity. In spite of that, it was puzzling
that the Amended Receivership Order only empowered the Receiver to claim in
his capacity as Receiver _on behalf of the Liquidator of Tan Holdings_.

64 Mr Chan, in his further submissions after delivery of my oral decision,
relied on the English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Guaranty Trust Company of
New York v Hannay & Company_ [1915] KB 536 (“ _Guaranty Trust_ ”) at 562 for
the proposition that O 15 r 16 allowed “any party who is interested in the
subject matter of the declaration” to seek declaratory relief.

65 In my view, the decision in _Guaranty Trust_ did not advance the Receiver’s
case any further on the _locus standi_ issue. That case concerned an
application by a plaintiff for a declaration that it was not liable to the
defendant in respect of monies paid under a bill of exchange. The objection to
the declaration was that the plaintiff had no cause of action and further that
it was seeking a declaration that it had no obligation instead of a
declaration of a right.

66 The same passage in _Guaranty Trust_ was in fact considered in _Karaha
Bodas_ (at [16]) where the Court of Appeal observed that the plaintiff in
_Guaranty Trust_ was “asserting the recognition of a ‘right’ personal to him
even if he was not making a ‘claim’ against the defendants in England”. The
plaintiff was a United States bank which purchased the bill of exchange which
was drawn by the defendant. It was therefore a party to the bill of exchange
unlike the present case where Tan Holdings was neither a party to the SSA nor
the SPA.

67 As such, there was no question of Tan Holdings, and consequently the
Receiver, asserting any right _personal_ under the SSA or the SPA.
Furthermore, in _Karaha Bodas_ , the Court of Appeal also noted the dictum by
Pickford LJ in _Guaranty Trust_ that was considered in _In re S (Hospital
Patient: Court’s Jurisdiction)_ [1995] Fam 26. It was held in _Karaha Bodas_
(at [16]) that:

16 [...] As was noted in _Re S_ by Hale J ([12] _supra_ at 34):

It is argued on behalf of the plaintiff that declaratory relief can be sought
by anyone with a sufficient interest even if that person’s own legal rights or
liabilities are not in issue. Reliance is placed on the well known words of
Pickford L.J. in [_Guaranty Trust Co_]:

I think therefore that the effect of the rule [the predecessor to R.S.C., Ord.
15, r. 16] is to give a general power to make a declaration whether there be a
cause of action or not, and at the instance of any party who is interested in
the subject matter of the declaration.

However, _it is noteworthy in that case that it was the plaintiff’s own legal
position which was in issue_. Moreover, Pickford L.J. [in _Guaranty Trust Co_]
went on to say:

_It does not extend to enable any stranger to the transaction to go and ask
the court to express its opinion in order to help him in other transactions_.

[emphasis added]

68 In the present context, Tan Holdings was indeed a _stranger_ to both the
SSA and the SPA. In my view, the holding in _Guaranty Trust_ as regards “a
party having an interest in the subject matter of the declaration” was
intended to address the issue that the plaintiff need not have a cause of
action against the defendant in seeking declaratory relief. It was not
intended to dispense with the overarching requirement to demonstrate _locus
standi_ in order to pursue declaratory relief under O 15 r 16.

69 In my judgment, the Amended Receivership Order failed to adequately address
the lack of _locus standi_ on the part of the Receiver to commence OS 726/2010
to claim for the FSS under the SSA. Tan Holdings was not a party to the SSA
and had no rights thereunder. On this ground alone, the application failed _in
limine_. However, in case I was wrong on the threshold _locus standi_ issue, I
had nonetheless considered the merits of the application.

70 For completeness, after delivering my oral grounds, I invited all parties
to address the court as to whether the Receiver could have validly obtained an
order to commence proceedings to claim for the FSS in the name of Prosperity.
In this connection, all parties, relying on _Bourne_ and _Maclaine_ , were
also in agreement that such an order _could_ in principle have been obtained.

71 However, parties adopted different positions as to whether such an order
_would_ or _should_ have been issued on the specific facts in this case. Mr
Giam SC submitted it was not “just and convenient” for the Receiver to have
been appointed as Prosperity was in all likelihood insolvent. As such, any
disposal or sale of the FSS (believed to be the only known “asset” of Abterra)
for the benefit of Tan Holdings would infringe the _pari passu_ distribution
rule for all unsecured creditors.

72 More fundamentally, Mr Giam SC added that given the court’s finding on the
lack of merits in the Receiver’s construction of clause 8A.5 of the SSA (which
is dealt with below), there would be no purpose in granting an order for the
Receiver to claim the FSS in the name of Prosperity. Therefore, while a
receiver could be appointed in respect of a _disputed_ chose in action in the
sense that the defaulting party has refused to pay without the commencement of
court proceedings, such an order should not be made if it is clear that there
is no arguable case as was found to be the case in _Maclaine_.

73 In the present case, the substantive merits of the application ultimately
turned on the true construction of the terms of the SSA and the SPA, both of
which could be dealt with summarily given that there was no dispute on the
material facts. On that note, I now turn my attention to deal with the
construction of the terms of the SSA and the SPA.

Construction of clause 8A.5 of the SSA

74 The Receiver’s claim for the FSS rested on clause 8A.5 of the SSA.

75 Clause 8A.5 of the SSA referred to the following four essential terms:

(a)

Contingent Creditors;

(b)

Agreed Period;

(c)

Contingent Conversion Shares; and

(d)

Crystallized Liabilities.

76 These four terms were defined in Recital (F) of the SSA, which reads:

(F) The Company has contingent liabilities under:-

(1)a corporate guarantee of up to approximately S$8.5 million issued to the
Lending Banks (as defined hereunder) in support of the existing bank
borrowings of the World Spa Group of companies;

(2)possible costs and disbursements pursuant to the liquidation of Hua Kok
Precast Pte Ltd;

(3)a corporate guarantee given to ECICS Credit and Guarantee Company
(Singapore) Ltd issued in support of the bank borrowings arising from a joint
venture project undertaken by HKR; and

(4)a corporate guarantee given to Malayan Banking Berhad in support of secured
bank borrowings of HKR (which as at the date hereof is regarded as unlikely to
crystailize as the security provided to Malayan Banking Berhad is more than
the outstanding bank borrowings,

(collectively, the “**Contingent Liabilities** ”, and collectively, the
contingent creditors above shall be referred to as the “**Contingent
Creditors** ”). The Restructuring shall include the Contingent Creditors
agreeing that in the event the Contingent Liabilities crystallize and become
actual liabilities to the Contingent Creditors (the “**Crystallized
Liabilities** ”), the relevant Contingent Creditors in recourse against the
Company under the corporate guarantees or indemnities shall be bound to
receive new shares of the Company at the same price as the Deemed Unsecured
Conversion Share Issue Price in discharge of the Crystallized Liabilities.
Such new shares shall also be referred to as the “**Contingent Conversion
Shares** ”.

In connection therewith, the Company shall use it best efforts to arrange for
the Lending Banks to agree to maintain their banking facilities with the World
Spa Group for the next three years (the “**Agreed Period** ”), and during the
Agreed Period, the Company shall in cooperation with the minority shareholders
of the World Spa Group, use its best endeavor to divest its 60% stake and for
the purchaser to assume responsibility under the aforesaid corporate
guarantee.

The Company shall further use its reasonable endeavours to incorporate a
provision that if the then prevailing market price of HKI Shares as traded on
the SGX-ST is higher than the Deemed Unsecured Conversion Share Issue Price,
that the Contingent Conversion Shares may be issued at that higher market
price.

[emphasis in original]

77 In my view, clause 8A.5 was to be construed as follows:

(a) First, the Contingent Creditors must become bound to receive the
Contingent Conversion Shares.

(b) Second, the obligation of the Contingent Creditors to receive the
Contingent Conversion Shares was in discharge of Crystallized Liabilities,
_ie_ , the Liabilities must first become crystallized.

(c) Third, Prosperity’s right to request for the FSS would only arise if the
Contingent Creditors became bound to receive the Contingent Conversion Shares
in the Agreed Period, _ie_ , by 29 August 2007.

78 Both the Abterra Scheme and the SSA were inextricably linked. In fact,
under clause 2.1(c) of the SSA, the rights and obligations of the parties
under the SSA were made conditional upon the approval of the Abterra Scheme.
Under the Abterra Scheme, crystallization of liabilities occurred when the
Contingent Creditors made payment and thereafter upon demand being made
against Abterra. I therefore disagreed with Mr Chan that the Contingent
Liabilities became crystallized when the Abterra Scheme became effective on or
about 17 May 2005.

79 In support of its claim for the FSS, the Receiver relied on two
announcements as described in [21] above under which various Contingent
Liabilities became crystallized which led to the allotment of various
Contingent Conversion Shares.

80 The “Agreed Period” of three years from the date of the SSA expired on 29
August 2007. Therefore, save for the 2007 UOB claim, the other Contingent
Liabilities had crystallized outside the “Agreed Period”. Prosperity,
therefore, had no entitlement to request for the FSS in respect of the 2008
UOB claim, MBB claim and ECICS claim since those claims had crystallized
outside the “Agreed Period”.

81 In an attempt to overcome the above finding, Mr Chan submitted that the
reinstatement of the “Agreed Period” to clause 8A.5 in the Second
Supplementary SSA was a mere clerical mistake. I disagreed. First, there was
no evidence to support such an alleged mistake. None of the parties to the SSA
had alleged any mistake. It certainly did not lie in the mouth of a non-party
of the SSA to allege such a mistake. Second, given the history behind the
various amendments to clause 8A.5, specifically in relation to the “Agreed
Period”, it was clear from the objective evidence before me that it was
_deliberately_ reintroduced to restrict Prosperity’s entitlement to the FSS
provided the Contingent Liabilities became crystallized within the “Agreed
Period”.

82 As regards Mr Chan’s alternative submission that the reference to the
“Agreed Period” in clause 8A.5 was superfluous, counsel for the Scheme
Administrator, Mr Tan Cheng Han SC (“Mr Tan SC”), raised three succinct and
cogent reasons why this could not have been the case:

(a) He first pointed out that although Recital F of the SSA referred to both
“Contingent Liabilities” and “Contingent Creditors”, conspicuously, it was not
qualified by any reference to the “Agreed Period”. He reasoned that although
the “Contingent Creditors” might be bound to receive the “Contingent
Conversion Shares” _during_ and _after_ the “Agreed Period”, Prosperity’s
rights under clause 8A.5 of the SSA to receive the FSS, on the other hand, was
restricted only if the Contingent Creditors became bound to receive the
Contingent Conversion Shares within the “Agreed Period”. In other words, the
“Agreed Period” only governed the allotment of FSS between Prosperity and
Abterra.

(b) Further, Mr Tan SC added that under clause 8A.8 of the SSA, the directors
of Abterra who were connected directly or indirectly with Prosperity were
required to abstain in any discussion in dealing with the “Contingent
Creditors” or “Contingent Liabilities” or “Crystallized Liabilities” because
Prosperity’s entitlement to the FSS was dependent on whether and when
crystallization of the Contingent Liabilities occurs. It would therefore
follow that the reinstatement of the “Agreed Period” in clause 8A.5 was
intentional so as to restrict Prosperity’s entitlement to the FSS.

(c) For this reason, it was brought to my attention that of the two
allotments, the first allotment of 3,043,800 Contingent Conversion Shares was
within the “Agreed Period” while the second and significantly larger allotment
for 121,891,311 Contingent Conversion Shares was _outside_ the “Agreed
Period”. Consistent with the purpose of reinstating the “Agreed Period” to
clause 8A.5, Prosperity’s entitlement to the FSS was _in fact_ restricted by
the actual timings in the allotments of the Contingent Conversion Shares.

83 Further, and more importantly, I find that the purpose of clause 8A.5 was
to maintain Prosperity’s 70% shareholding in Abterra and to ensure that such
70% shareholding was not diluted by the issuance of the Contingent Conversion
Shares to the Contingent Creditors. This was clear from the ratio of FSS to
the Contingent Conversion Shares as stipulated in clause 8A.5 as well as
clause 4.2 of the SSA which provided as follows:

4.2Subject to the terms and conditions of [the SSA], [Abterra] shall issue and
allot on Completion the Strategic Shares, each Strategic Share at the Deemed
Strategic Share Issue Price such that the number of Strategic Shares in the
capital of [Abterra] to be issued is equivalent to 70% of the enlarged share
capital of [Abterra] (such enlarged issued share capital to be ascertained
after taking into account the Strategic Shares, the Unsecured Conversion
Shares and the Secured Conversion Shares).

[emphasis added]

84 Although the 2007 UOB claim was technically within the “Agreed Period”,
Prosperity nonetheless had no right to request for the FSS because by the time
the 2007 UOB claim became crystallized, Prosperity had already sold 65% of its
shares to GNR. The shares were sold by Prosperity to GNR one year _prior_ to
the crystallization of the 2007 UOB claim, pursuant to the SPA entered into on
1 September 2006.

85 For the above reasons, I found that Prosperity was, in any event, not
entitled to the FSS under clause 8A.5 of the SSA.

Was the right to the FSS transferred to GNR pursuant to the SPA?

86 This issue would only arise for determination if Prosperity was found to be
entitled to claim for the FSS in spite of the allotment of the Contingent
Conversion Shares outside the “Agreed Period” or that Prosperity had since
ceased to own 70% of the Abterra shares.

87 As explained above, 65% of the Abterra shares were sold by Prosperity to
GNR pursuant to the SPA on 1 September 2006, one year _prior_ to the
expiration of the “Agreed Period”. Was there any compelling reason why the
right to the FSS had not been transferred to GNR pursuant to the SPA? In this
regard, the Receiver submitted that the right to the FSS was not transferred
to GNR since consent had not been obtained from Abterra in breach of clause
10.3 of the SSA which provided as follows:

10.3No Party may assign or transfer all or part of its rights or obligations
under this Agreement without the consent in writing of the other Party.

88 In my view, such a breach did not affect the validity of the transfer.
Furthermore, the breach was for Abterra to object to and I have noted that no
such objection was ever raised by Abterra. As was correctly pointed out by
counsel for GNR, Mr Chew Kei-Jin, the plaintiff’s lack of _locus standi_ was
equally relevant in this context. The Receiver was essentially seeking a
declaration on the construction of certain clauses of the SPA, to which Tan
Holdings was not a party to.

89 Nonetheless, under clause 2.1 of the SPA (see [28] above), all the rights,
benefits and entitlements attaching to the shares were transferred to GNR upon
sale. Such rights, benefits and entitlements clearly included the right to the
FSS. It must be right as a matter of construction since the FSS did not exist
independently without reference to the shares in Abterra.

90 There was no merit in Mr Chan’s submission that the right to the FSS could
not have been transferred to GNR because there was no evidence that GNR was
even aware of the FSS at the time of the sale. The right to the FSS was a
contractual right arising from the SPA. Such a right exists as a matter of
construction of the terms of the SPA and not upon the subjective knowledge of
GNR. On a true construction of clause 2.1 of the SPA, it clearly covered all
rights, benefits and entitlements attaching to the shares including the right
to the FSS.

Conclusion

91 In summary, I found that:

(a)

the Receiver lacked _locus standi_ to claim for the FSS;

(b)

on a true construction of clause 8A.5 of the SSA, Prosperity no longer had the
right to claim for the FSS; and

(c)

the right to the FSS, if any, had been transferred from Prosperity to GNR
under the SPA.

92 In the result, I dismissed the Receiver’s application with costs fixed at
$25,000 payable to Abterra together with reasonable disbursements and $10,000
payable to GNR inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

