Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Communication Design International Ltd _v_ Swarovski Management Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 110

Case Number| :| Suit No 452 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Thuraisingam and Mervyn Cheong (Stamford Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; N Sreenivasan and Muralli Rajaram (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Communication Design International Ltd — Swarovski Management Pte
Ltd  
  
29 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This was an action brought by Communication Design International Limited
(“CDI”) against Swarovski Management Pte Ltd (“Swarovski Management”) claiming
breach of an oral agreement that was allegedly entered into between the two
parties in or around the year 2000. After hearing the evidence and parties’
submissions at the end of the trial, I dismissed CDI’s claim with costs. I now
give my reasons for the decision.

The background facts

2 The plaintiff, CDI is a public limited company incorporated in Singapore and
listed on the “Catalist” trading board of Singapore Exchange Limited. CDI
operates a business of providing project management services including
interior fitting outs for retail stores, international event management as
well as the design, planning and construction of exhibition stands. The
defendant, Swarovski Management, is a private limited company incorporated in
Singapore and its principal activities are that of providing business and
management consultancy services as well as retail sales. Operationally
speaking, Swarovski Management acts as the regional headquarters for its head
global office – Swarovski Aktiengesellschaft (“Swarovski AG”), which
manufactures and retails exclusive crystal products and jewellery – in the
Asian-Pacific market. As such, one of the broader functions of Swarovski
Management was to facilitate dealings between retail outlets throughout the
Asian-Pacific countries each falling under the direct control of a local
company affiliated to Swarovski AG (“Swarovski VG”) and third parties
appointed to fit out a Swarovski VG.

3 It was not disputed that since about the year 2000, CDI began providing
Swarovski Management with inventory purchasing and warehousing services in
Singapore (“the inventory purchasing and warehousing services”) in relation to
display show cases and spare parts (“the Show Cases and Parts”) manufactured
by a third party known as Shopex BV. This was clear from the business dealings
between CDI, Swarovski Management and the various Swarovski VGs in the Asian-
Pacific region under the ‘Red and Blue’ design concept (“the R&B Concept”)
that was adopted by the Swarovski VGs for their outlets in the region until
sometime in or around 2009.

4 According to CDI, it had initially purchased the Show Cases and Parts from
Shopex based on estimates of actual requirements by each Swarovski VG. In view
of the length of time it took for Shopex to ship the Show Cases and Parts, CDI
could not wait for confirmed orders to be received from Swarovski VGs before
placing orders with Shopex.

5 From about May or June 2008 to December 2008, CDI was provided with
forecasts of projects from Swarovski Management in which Show Cases and Parts
were to be supplied by CDI. The forecasts were then used by CDI to plan its
purchases from Shopex so that CDI would hold sufficient stock to meet the
requirements of the Swarovski VGs.

6 In 2009, CDI and Swarovski AG entered into a written agreement, known as the
‘Shopfitter Services – Framework Agreement’ (“the Framework Agreement”), which
was expressed to be valid from 1 July 2009.[note: 1] With the Framework
Agreement, CDI was to construct, manufacture and install shop fittings as
specified by Swarovski AG for the latter’s outlets while at the same time,
purchasing the Show Cases and Parts from Shopex. For present purposes, it is
apposite to reproduce clause 12 of the Framework Agreement which provided for
the manner and consequences of terminating the Framework Agreement itself:

12\. Termination

This Framework Contract can be terminated by each Party individually in
writing with a period of grace of 60 days. Any orders placed and accepted
within this period of grace shall be fulfilled in accordance with this
Framework Contract. For any orders placed stock level will be cleared.

The dispute

7 The circumstances that led to the dispute before me were as follows.
Sometime in September 2009, Swarovski AG (the head global office) decided to
adopt a new design concept called the ‘Crystal Forest’ concept (“CF Concept”)
for all its outlets globally, with the CF Concept slated to commence in phases
starting March 2010. Quite naturally, the Show Cases and Parts for the R&B
Concept differed from those that would be needed for the CF Concept in the
Asian-Pacific region. Pursuant to the change of design concept, CDI and other
third parties were invited to submit tenders to be considered as contractors
for the rolling out of the CF Concept. As it turned out, CDI submitted its
tender but was not selected when the tender evaluation stage was completed
sometime in or around late 2009 or the beginning of 2010.[note: 2]

8 In the meantime, in September 2009, CDI was notified of the intended change
from the R&B Concept to the CF Concept by Swarovski AG (the head global
office).[note: 3] Subsequently in January 2010, Swarovski AG informed CDI that
Swarovski Management would cease to engage CDI for its inventory purchasing
and warehousing services in Singapore (see [3] above). In response, CDI asked
that Swarovski Management fulfill its legal obligations, one of which was that
Swarovski Management had allegedly agreed to be bound when it engaged CDI for
its inventory purchasing and warehousing services in 2000. In particular, CDI
alleged that an oral agreement (“the alleged Oral Agreement”) had been entered
into between the President and Chief Executive Officer of CDI, Mr David Bay,
and the then director of Swarovski Management, Mr Robert Dell, who was also
the Managing Director and Vice-President of Operations for Asia-Pacific of
Swarovski AG at the time. The exact terms of the alleged Oral Agreement were
claimed to be as follows:[note: 4]

(1) CDI would purchase the Show Cases and Parts from Shopex BV and store the
Show Cases and Parts in a warehouse in Singapore until needed by Swarovski
Management;

(2) CDI would sell the Show Cases and Parts to Swarovski Management at a
margin of 10%-15% above the price it paid to Shopex BV in SGD at the exchange
rate of the relevant time (inclusive of freight charges for shipping the Show
Cases and Parts to Singapore) as and when Swarovski Management required the
Show Cases and Parts;

(3) CDI could only sell the Show Cases and Parts to Swarovski Management and
to no other party; and

(4) In the event that the alleged Oral Agreement was to be terminated,
Swarovski Management would purchase all the Show Cases and Parts in CDI’s
warehouse at the price at which CDI acquired the Show Cases and Parts from
Shopex BV (“the Buy Back Term”).

9 The existence of the Oral Agreement and, in particular, the Buy Back Term,
was however, denied by Swarovski Management which refused to pay for the
balance stock in CDI’s warehouse. I should mention, for clarification, that
the reference to CDI’s warehouse was to a warehouse rented by CDI. As a
result, CDI commenced legal action by way of a writ of summons on 23 June 2010
against Swarovski Management claiming the sum of $748,600.45 as the amount
which CDI paid to Shopex for the Show Cases and Parts kept as balance stock in
CDI’s warehouse. In its Statement of Claim, CDI also made other corollary
claims, namely (a) rental charges incurred by CDI for warehousing the balance
Show Cases and Parts from January 2010 onwards and (b) insurance premiums paid
by CDI for the balance Show Cases and Parts from January 2009 to June 2010 (on
a pro-rated basis) and from June 2010 to June 2011.[note: 5]

10 These remedies sought were subsequently amended after Swarovski Management
purchased some of the balance Show Cases and Parts on 1 September 2010 at the
aggregate sum of 225,631.05 EUR following a series of correspondence exchanged
between the parties’ solicitors from 16 July 2010 to 30 August 2010.[note: 6]
In the result, the remedies sought by CDI were amended to the following:[note:
7]

(a) The sum of $251,163.77 as the amount which CDI paid to Shopex for the
remaining Show Cases and Parts.

(b) In relation to the Show Cases and Parts purchased by Swarovski Management
from CDI on 1 September 2010, the difference between (i) the Singapore dollar
equivalent of the EUR amount which CDI paid to Shopex using the exchange rate
at the time of CDI’s purchase from Shopex (inclusive of freight charges for
shipping the Show Cases and Parts to Singapore), and (ii) $386,280.36 being
the Singapore dollar equivalent of the aggregate sum of 225,631.05 EUR that
was paid by Swarovski Management for the purchase of the Show Cases and Parts
on 1 September 2010 using an exchange rate of S$1.712 to one EUR on 1
September 2010 as quoted by a local bank.

(c) Rental charges incurred by CDI for warehousing the Show Cases and Parts
from January 2010 onwards.

(d) Insurance premiums paid by CDI for the Show Cases and Parts from January
2009 to June 2010 (on a pro-rated basis) and from June 2010 to June 2011.

(e) Costs and expenses incurred by CDI for the publication of advertisements
for the sale of the remaining Show Cases and Parts.

The issue and evidence

11 The main dispute was whether there was indeed an agreement on the Buy Back
Term.

12 The evidence that emerged during the trial for CDI’s case was briefly as
follows. CDI’s first witness, Mr Dell, testified that he was positive there
were negotiations which took place between Mr Bay of CDI and him for over a
year prior to the conclusion of the alleged Oral Agreement.[note: 8] Mr Dell
also averred that although the alleged Oral Agreement was never reduced into
writing as such, there “must have been” written communication (_ie_ , emails,
letters, memos or faxes) evidencing the discussions between him and Mr Bay
during the period of negotiations, albeit those documents (according to Mr
Dell) could no longer be traced at the time of trial (which was around eleven
years later).[note: 9] CDI’s second witness, Mr Bay, while acknowledging that
the alleged Oral Agreement itself was never evidenced in writing, similarly
gave evidence that negotiations took place in or around early 2000.[note: 10]
Lastly, CDI’s third witness, Mr Lim Chon Pio, was called to give evidence that
he was verbally informed by Mr Bay in or around early 2000 that CDI and
Swarovski Management had entered into the Oral Agreement containing the four
terms alleged by CDI[note: 11] in the dispute (see [8] above).

13 As for Swarovski Management, counsel sought to elicit from Mr Dell’s cross-
examination that Mr Dell’s evidence in court was coloured by the fact that he
had become a shareholder of CDI as well as one of the directors of CDI after
leaving Swarovski Management in 2006.[note: 12]

The decision

14 It is trite as a matter of general principle that a plaintiff bears the
burden of proving its case on a balance of probabilities. CDI had the benefit
of evidence from both Mr Dell and Mr Bay. On the other hand, the evidence
relied on by CDI in support of the existence of the alleged Oral Agreement was
purely oral and uncorroborated by any documentary evidence.

15 I noted that there were several inconsistencies between the evidence given
by Mr Dell and Mr Bay during the trial. For instance, Mr Dell in his cross-
examination claimed that all four terms of the alleged Oral Agreement (see [8]
above) were agreed to on separate occasions.[note: 13] On the other hand, Mr
Bay testified that all four terms were agreed to at the same time. Further,
the actual date when the alleged Oral Agreement was concluded appeared to be
indeterminate from Mr Dell’s and Mr Bay’s evidence. On the one hand, Mr Dell
said that the alleged Oral Agreement was finalised in or around February 2000
after a period of lengthy negotiations between him and Mr Bay.[note: 14] Yet,
on the other hand, Mr Bay’s evidence under cross-examination indicated that
the negotiations for the alleged Oral Agreement took place between CDI and
Swarovski Management in 2000 through to 2001.[note: 15]

16 Mr Bay also said that the Buy Back Term was to be “reconfirmed” by Mr Dell
after Mr Dell had spoken to his headquarters and obtained their agreement to
it. Mr Dell did tell him that his headquarters had agreed to this term.[note:
16] This led to an important inconsistency in CDI’s evidence because Mr Dell
said that he did not tell anybody else in the Swarovski group about the Buy
Back Term.[note: 17]

17 This brings me to the next point. Mr Dell said that he disclosed the first
three terms to others in Swarovski Management but not the Buy Back Term.[note:
18] I found this evidence strange, to say the least. Why should he keep the
Buy Back Term to himself? No explanation was given for this unusual omission
unless the Buy Back Term was not discussed or agreed to as alleged.

18 Mr Dell also had difficulty in explaining why the Oral Agreement and in
particular, the Buy Back Term, was not documented in a written agreement. On
the one hand, he said during cross-examination that at that time he did not
want to tie Swarovski Management down to a formal contract. He even agreed
that basically Mr Bay had to trust him. He did not intend the Buy Back Term to
be legally binding.[note: 19] Then in re-examination, he suggested that what
he had meant was that it was an oral agreement and not a formal contract but
it was nevertheless one that could be upheld in court.[note: 20] It seemed to
me that this part of Mr Dell’s evidence could mean that there was only a
gentleman’s agreement on the Buy Back Term which was not intended to be
legally binding. That would have been sufficient for the purpose of Swarovski
Management. Nevertheless, I was of the view that there was in fact no
agreement on the Buy Back Term in the first place. That was why Mr Dell had
difficulty explaining why he did not tell anyone else in Swarovski Management
about it and why it was not documented in a written agreement.

19 There was other evidence which militated against the existence of any
agreement on the Buy Back Term.

20 A prospectus dated 11 January 2006 was issued in respect of CDI when it
wanted to go public. Page 80 thereof was on Inventory Management. A sentence
thereunder stated:

As at the Latest Practicable Date, we do not have any inventory obsolescence
policy as the inventories procured for each programme are fully consumed by
the end of the programme.

21 The inventories were for the use of the Swarovski group. I agreed with the
suggestion for Swarovski Management that if there was an agreement on the Buy
Back Term, the prospectus would have referred to that agreement instead of
saying that inventories would be fully consumed by the end of the programme.

22 Interestingly, Mr Bay said that he had disclosed the Oral Agreement,
including the Buy Back Term, to one Tay Hui Meng of Stirling Coleman who was
the issue manager but this person was not called by CDI to give
evidence.[note: 21] I drew an adverse inference against CDI for that omission.

23 As for the Framework Agreement entered into in 2009, there was an annexure
thereto which provided for CDI to keep a minimum stock of the Show Cases and
Parts. Swarovski Management agreed for the trial that it was liable to buy
back the minimum stock kept, even though this obligation was not expressly
mentioned, but not the balance. There was no provision in the Framework
Agreement for Swarovski Management to buy back any outstanding stock held by
CDI.

24 It was suggested for CDI that the Framework Agreement was separate from the
Oral Agreement concluded in or about 2000 and that the Framework Agreement did
not supersede the Oral Agreement. I had my doubts about this suggestion but
even if it were true, the point was that Mr Dell had said that it was Mr Bay
who had raised the Buy Back Term and who had also previously asked for a
written agreement (in 2000) but Mr Dell had declined as he did not want to
commit Swarovski Management to a formal contract (see 18). If it was true that
Mr Bay had previously been pressing for a written agreement, then the
discussions on the Framework Agreement in 2009 represented the best
opportunity for him, or anyone else in CDI, to raise the issue with Swarovski
Management again about putting the Buy Back Term in writing either as part of
the Framework Agreement or separately in another written agreement. However,
this was not raised.

Conclusion

25 For all the reasons stated above, I found that CDI had failed to establish
an agreement on the Buy Back Term. As such, this necessarily meant that CDI’s
other corollary claims pertaining to losses, insurance premiums and costs and
expenses (see [10] above) must also fail. Accordingly, CDI’s claims were
dismissed with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Mr Thibault Paul Antoine Marie De Gaulejac’s Affidavit of Evidence in
Chief (“AEIC”), p 43

[note: 2]Mr Jochen Schmidt’s AEIC, p 12 para 32

[note: 3]Mr Thibault Paul Antoine Marie De Gaulejac’s AEIC, p 15 para 43

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Bundle of AEIC, pp 4, 156-7, 232-3

[note: 5]Setting Down Bundle (“SDB”), pp 6-7

[note: 6]SDB p 45, paras 12.3 and 12.4

[note: 7]SDB, pp 46-7

[note: 8]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), Day 1 p 33

[note: 9]_Ibid_

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s AEIC, p 156, para 7

[note: 11]NE, Day 2 p 77

[note: 12]NE, Day 1 p 9

[note: 13]NE, Day 2 p 10

[note: 14]NE, Day 2 p 11

[note: 15]NE, Day 2 p 50

[note: 16]NE, Day 2 p 65

[note: 17]NE, Day 2 p 12

[note: 18]NE, Day 2 p 19

[note: 19]NE, Day 2 pp 22-23 and 30

[note: 20]NE, Day 2 pp 31-32

[note: 21]NE, Day 2 p 61

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

