Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Precise Development Pte Ltd and another
application  
[2011] SGCA 1

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 160 of 2009 and Summons No 697 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Francis Xavier SC, Mohammed Reza and Low Yi Yang (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the appellant; Tan Liam Beng, Tan Kon Yeng Eugene and Soh Chun
York (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Precise Development Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 1 SLR 1083.]

19 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is yet another case in a series of cases arising from the Indonesian
sand ban of 2007 (“the Sand Ban”). Not surprisingly, the crux of the present
appeal turns on the interpretation of a _force majeure_ clause. More
generally, however, it is important to note at the outset that, save where the
relevant contractual terms concerned in the case at hand are identical to the
corresponding terms in a previous decision, previous decisions would be of
limited assistance. This is however, subject to the situation where general
points of legal principle are involved. It follows that the court must pay
particular regard to the specific terms and the relevant context in question
in arriving at its decision.

2 This is an appeal by the Appellant against the decision of the trial judge
(“the Judge”) in _Precise Development Pte Ltd v Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd_
[2010] 1 SLR 1083 (“the Judgment”). The present appeal centres, in the main,
on a specific term in the contract between the parties as well as on a few
crucial pieces of correspondence between the parties (all of which will be set
out in more detail at the appropriate junctures in the present judgment).

3 Briefly stated, the Appellant and the Respondent had entered into a contract
(“the Contract”) for the supply of ready-mixed concrete (“RMC”) from the
former to the latter. The Contract was entered into before the Sand Ban came
into effect on or about 6 February 2007.[note: 1]

4 The Sand Ban created a shortage of sand and aggregates (which constituted
materials required for the manufacture of RMC). The Appellant’s position was
that, as a consequence of the Sand Ban, it could no longer supply RMC at pre-
Sand Ban prices. Citing the Sand Ban, the Appellant informed the Respondent
that it could supply RMC only if the Respondent was willing to pay a price
higher than the contract price. The Respondent’s case was that the Appellant
had breached the Contract by evincing an intention not to supply concrete at
the prices stipulated in the contract. The Respondent sued the Appellant for
breach of contract and asked for damages in the sum of $5,074,411.43. The
Appellant raised three defences, one of which was based on the _force majeure_
clause found in the Contract (the two remaining defences will be dealt with
below). The _force majeure_ clause was contained in cl 3 of the Contract (“cl
3”), and provided as follows:

The Purchaser must provide sufficient advance notice in confirming each order.
The Supplier shall be under no obligation to supply the concrete if the said
supply has been _disrupted_ by virtue of inclement weather, strikes, labour
disputes, machinery breakdowns, riots, and _shortage of material_[, acts] of
God or any other factors _arising through circumstances beyond the control of
the Supplier_. [emphasis added]

5 The Judge rejected all three defences and held that the Appellant, in
refusing to supply RMC to the Respondent at the contract price, was in breach
of the Contract. Interlocutory judgment was awarded in favour of the
Respondent, with damages for the Respondent to be assessed by the Registrar.

6 The Appellant has not pursued the defence relating to an alleged discharge
of the Contract by mutual agreement in the present appeal (see also below at
[26]). We find the Judge’s reasoning as well as decision in relation to the
issue of termination pursuant to cl 10 of the Contract (“cl 10”) to be
persuasive and correct (see also below at [33]–[34]). _In the circumstances,
the only issue before this court centres on whether or not cl 3 (the force
majeure clause) applies in order to afford the Appellant a defence against the
Respondent’s claim_.

7 It should, however, also be noted that the Appellant also sought, in the
present appeal, to amend its defence to include an alternative defence that
the Contract had been frustrated. If the application is allowed, this would
constitute a second issue before this court. However, we are not persuaded
that the Appellant ought to be permitted to amend its defence, not least
because (as the Respondent argues) new evidence would be required (our
detailed reasons on this issue are set out below at [102]–[105]). We turn then
to the substantive issue in this appeal (centring on the interpretation of cl
3). However, before proceeding to do so, we set out the relevant factual
(including documentary) matrix.

Factual background

Introduction

8 Turning to the relevant factual background (which is crucial to the
interpretation as well as application of cl 3), the Appellant entered into the
Contract with the Respondent on 10 November 2006 for the supply of RMC for a
warehouse project.[note: 2] The Respondent is the main contractor for the
project. The Appellant is in the business of manufacturing and supplying RMC
to construction companies, and it uses concreting sand and aggregates as
source materials to manufacture RMC.

9 The Contract consists of a quotation dated 10 November 2006 and a page of
Terms and Conditions. The Contract required the Appellant to supply 90,000
cubic metres (+/- 15%) of concrete to the Respondent for the project. Amongst
the grades of concrete included in the Contract was Grade 30, for which the
Appellant quoted a price of $65 per cubic metre. In the quotation dated 10
November 2006, paragraph 3 states as follows:

All prices fixed till 31st Dec 2007.

10 The salient clauses in the Terms and Conditions of the Contract included cl
3 (set out above at [4]), and cl 10 and cl 15 which read as follows:

Clause 10

The supplier reserves the right to terminate the contract giving one month’s
written notice to the Purchaser stating the reasons for the termination.

Clause 15

For concrete order that exceed 100[cu m], two day[s] advance booking is
required. _All bookings are to be accepted by the Supplier_. In no event shall
the Supplier be liable for any liquidated damages arising from any cause
whatsoever loss of profits consequential or otherwise.

[emphasis added]

Announcement of the Sand Ban

11 The Indonesian government suddenly announced on or about 23 January
2007[note: 3] that it would impose a Sand Ban from 6 February 2007. This had
an immediate impact on the availability and prices of sand. The Appellant
wrote to the Respondent on 26 January 2007 to inform it of the Sand Ban, and
that this would lead to a shortage of materials to manufacture RMC.[note: 4]
The Appellant stated that it was meeting the Building & Construction Authority
(“the BCA”) to discuss alternative options for the supply of sand. The
Appellant stated that it might have to cease the supply of concrete and
advised the Respondent to seek alternative avenues of supply.

12 Subsequently, in a Circular dated 1 February 2007,[note: 5] the BCA
announced that it would release sand from its stockpiles, priced at $25 per
tonne. _However, only main contractors such as the Respondent_ would have
access to the BCA’s sand stockpiles, and under which system the BCA would
supply sand directly to the main contractors (such as the Respondent) for
“onward delivery” to RMC suppliers (such as the Appellant). _It is therefore
common ground that the Appellant had no access to the BCA’s stockpiles_. The
same Circular stated that the amount of concrete, grade of concrete, and
_concreting sand_ required for the February weekly demand would have to be
certified by the Professional Engineer of the project. It is pertinent to note
that there is _no mention of manufactured sand in this Circular_.

The Appellant’s Letter and Quotation of 1 February 2007

13 The Appellant informed the Respondent by way of a letter dated 1 February
2007 that: [note: 6]

the sudden announcement by Indonesia of the ban on sand, soil and topsoil
exports to Singapore resulted in an immediate scarcity of materials and
escalating prices that were totally beyond [the Appellant’s] control.

The letter also mentioned a meeting with the Minister of National Development
on 30 January 2007, where the Minister had apparently stated that the Sand Ban
was an abnormal situation that was beyond anyone’s control. The Appellant
stated that it had been notified by the BCA that sand would be released from
the BCA’s stockpile from 1 February 2007 and that there should be _concreting
sand_ available, albeit at higher prices.[note: 7] The Appellant informed the
Respondent in this letter that it was unable to supply RMC at the prices
agreed upon in the Contract (“the contracted prices”) due to the shortage of
sand caused by the Sand Ban. In addition, the letter of 1 February 2007 stated
that:

In light of all the factors mentioned above that is beyond our control, we
have no alternative but to revise our concrete prices. Please find attached
our quotation for the supply of concrete effective 1 February 2007 for your
consideration.

14 The quotation referred to in this letter and attached (“the 1 February
Quotation”)[note: 8] quoted prices of RMC which were 30% to 50% higher than
the contracted prices. The Respondent, however, did not agree to the prices
stated in the 1 February Quotation, and hence did not sign the quotation.

Events leading up to the implementation of the Sand Ban

15 On 5 February 2007, a day before the Sand Ban came into effect, one of the
Appellant’s sand suppliers, Huat Shua Company Pte Ltd (“Huat Shua”), informed
the Appellant that it was unable to supply sand to the Appellant, and that the
supply agreement between Huat Shua and the Appellant had been terminated under
its _force majeure_ clause with immediate effect.[note: 9] It is noteworthy
that the Appellant’s other sand supplier, Bibright Shipping Pte Ltd
(“Bibright”), had informed the Appellant on 2 February 2007 that Bibright’s
sand stockpile had been taken over by the BCA, and that Bibright could only
release their concreting sand supply based on the BCA’s approval. Bibright
also ceased its obligation to supply sand to the Appellant based on the _force
majeure_ clause in their supply agreement.[note: 10]

16 By a letter dated 5 February 2007 from the Respondent to the Appellant, the
Respondent stated that there would be _no disruption to the supply of RMC
within the meaning of cl 3_ , since the BCA would be releasing sand from its
stockpiles in the following terms: [note: 11]

Clause 3 of the ... supply contract provides that you shall be under no
obligation to supply if the said supply has been disrupted by factors arising
through circumstances beyond your control.

However, as BCA would be releasing the government sand stock pile from 1
February 2007, there would be no disruption in supply within the meaning of
Clause 3.

The Respondent insisted in this letter that the Appellant was therefore still
obliged to supply RMC at the contracted prices.

The Appellant’s letter dated 9 February 2007

17 By a letter dated 9 February 2007, the Appellant informed the Respondent
that it had no access to BCA’s sand stockpiles, as follows:[note: 12]

… the Indonesian Government’s decision to ban sand exports to Singapore was
totally beyond our control resulting in an immediate scarcity of materials and
escalating prices. Our production was severely curtailed by the immediate
shortage of materials following the announcement [of the Sand Ban] …

In our effort to extend support to a good customer, we offered to try and
source the sand from the open spot market. The increase in price of the
concrete was to enable us to source for alternative supplies at higher prices
and we sent to your company a revised quotation … on 1 February 2007 [the 1
February Quotation (above at [14])] for consideration but to date have not
received your acceptance.

Even with the announcement by BCA on the release of national stockpiles from 1
February 2007, _the mechanism implemented does not permit us to order any sand
directly_ , further complicating our production planning.

It is not our intention to disrupt supply but this is an abnormal situation
that is totally beyond our control ...

[emphasis added]

18 In that same letter, the Appellant explained that the increase in the
prices of concrete as stated in the 1 February Quotation (see above at [14])
was to allow the Appellant to source for alternative supplies of sand at
higher prices. It is common ground that the Respondent did not reply to this
letter. The Appellant contended that this failure to reply demonstrates
clearly that the Respondent was not willing to help the Appellant procure sand
from the BCA.

The BCA’s Circular dated 15 February 2007

19 On 15 February 2007, the BCA announced that the price of sand from the
stockpile would be increased to $60 per tonne from 1 March 2007.[note: 13]
There was a _fixed limit_ on the amount of sand that could be released from
the BCA’s stockpile because, as the BCA’s Circular stated, there was a _weekly
quota_ for the BCA’s sand stockists. The Circular stated that the sand would
be released on a “first come first serve” basis, and that once the weekly
quota of sand had been reached, the BCA would _stop_ releasing sand
_immediately_. The Circular stated that only main contractors of projects with
concreting works to be carried out in the month of February 2007 were allowed
to request for sand to be released from the stockpile from February. Again,
there was no mention of manufactured sand in this Circular.

20 On 26 February 2007, the Appellant wrote a letter to inform the Respondent
that the supply of aggregates (another material required to manufacture RMC)
had stopped. Subsequently, the BCA announced on 28 February 2007 that RMC
companies (including the Appellant) could purchase aggregates from the BCA’s
stockpile at a fixed price of $70 per tonne.[note: 14]

The Appellant’s letter and quotation dated 1 March 2007

21 On 1 March 2007, the Appellant wrote to the Respondent to inform it that
the BCA had increased the price of sand and aggregates to $60 per tonne and
$70 per tonne, respectively.[note: 15] The Appellant stated that they were
taking steps to look for other sources of sand and aggregates, and that, “for
the time being”, they had no choice but to revise the prices of RMC. The same
letter informed the Respondent that the Appellant was willing to credit back
to the Respondent the cost incurred for procuring sand and aggregates from the
BCA, in the following terms:[note: 16]

If you [the Respondent] are _able to_ provide _the sand_ and 20 mm aggregate,
we will _credit back to you_ the sand at S$63 per tonne delivered and 20 mm
aggregate at S$73 per tonne delivered, in accordance to the BCA price.
[emphasis added]

22 Attached to the same letter was a quotation (“the 1 March
Quotation”).[note: 17] The price for normal mix Grade 30 concrete was stated
to be $185.00 per cubic metre (about a 180% increase from the contracted price
of $65.00 per cubic metre for normal mix Grade 30 concrete). The unit price of
Grade 40 Normal Mix Concrete and Grade 50 Normal Mix Concrete were offered in
the quotation at $190.00 and $199.00, respectively. _It is important to note
that these were the same prices that the Respondent paid when it bought RMC
from Buildmate (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Buildmate”) in March 2007_ (see below at
[86]). The quoted prices (found in the 1 March Quotation) are reproduced, as
follows:

Grade 15 Normal Mix concrete at Unit Price of $179.00  
---  
Grade 30 Normal Mix concrete at Unit Price of $185.00  
Grade 35 Normal Mix concrete at Unit Price of $187.00  
Grade 40 Normal Mix concrete at Unit Price of $190.00  
Grade 50 Normal Mix concrete at Unit Price of $199.00  
  
  

The Respondent’s purchase of sand through Buildmate

23 _It was revealed at the trial that the Respondent had actually supplied
sand to Buildmate_. Buildmate’s director, Mr Peh Ah See (“Mr Peh”), admitted
that the Respondent had used Buildmate to purchase RMC from the
Appellant.[note: 18] It was revealed by Mr Peh that Buildmate was not itself a
source of RMC. The Respondent would supply sand to Buildmate, whereupon
Buildmate would (in turn) supply the sand to the Appellant. The Appellant
would buy the sand from Buildmate _at the same price offered to the
Respondent_ , _viz_ , at $63 per tonne.[note: 19] The Appellant would then use
the sand to make RMC and sell it to Buildmate.[note: 20] Buildmate would (in
turn) sell the RMC and deliver it to the Respondent _at the same price at
which they had bought it from the Appellant_ , with no extra charge.[note: 21]

24 In addition, Mr Peh Chong Eng, the Respondent’s project manager, gave
evidence that the Respondent had purchased Grade 40 Normal Mix concrete and
Grade 50 Normal Mix Concrete from Buildmate at the unit price of
S$190.00[note: 22] and S$199.00,[note: 23] respectively. _These were exactly
the same prices that the Appellant had quoted in the 1 March Quotation_.

25 There was no evidence adduced on the commercial motivations for the
Respondent to obtain RMC through Buildmate. It was undisputed that there were
common directors between the Respondent and Buildmate. It was also revealed at
the trial that Buildmate did not pay the Appellant for the RMC supplied by the
Appellant.[note: 24] Buildmate had owed the Appellant approximately $600,000
for RMC supplied.[note: 25] However, instead of making payment, Buildmate
offered to supply sand to the Appellant as a substitute for payment,[note: 26]
which the Appellant refused to accept. The Appellant’s claim against Buildmate
has since been settled.[note: 27]

The meeting of 19 March 2007

26 The Appellant and Respondent had a meeting on 19 March 2007. The
Respondent’s position is that there was no agreement arrived at between the
parties at this meeting. The Appellant’s original position was that the
parties had agreed to discharge the Contract and had entered into a new
arrangement in which the Respondent would supply sand and aggregates to the
Appellant free of charge, and in which the Appellant would supply RMC to the
Respondent at a reduced price.[note: 28] The Appellant contended that the
quotation dated 2 April 2007 (see below at [28]) was sent to the Respondent
pursuant to what had been agreed to between the parties at the meeting of 19
March 2007. However, the Appellant has since _shifted_ from this position by
stating that “the meeting (of 19 March 2007) failed to resolve the differences
of the parties”.[note: 29] Hence, it is now common ground between the
Appellant and the Respondent that there had been _no new agreement_ arrived at
between the parties during the meeting of 19 March 2007. _In the
circumstances, this particular issue (or, rather, defence raised by the
Appellant) at the trial is no longer an issue in the present appeal_ (see also
above at [6]).

27 On 20 March 2007, the Respondent replied to the Appellant’s letter of 1
March 2007 and the 1 March Quotation.[note: 30] The Respondent stated that the
Appellant was bound by the price agreed in the Contract. Nevertheless, the
Respondent accepted, _under protest_ , the prices of concrete in the 1 March
Quotation in the following terms:[note: 31]

... in order to avoid disruption to the project…we [the Respondent] shall pay
you [the Appellant] under protest, the increased price of the concrete mix as
set out by you [ in the letter dated 1 March 2007] without prejudice to all
our rights and objections against the increased price.

28 The Appellant sent another quotation dated 2 April 2007 (“the 2 April
Quotation”) to the Respondent.[note: 32] The quoted prices were lower than the
contracted prices (the normal mix Grade 30 concrete was quoted at $55.00 per
cubic metre). _However_ , cl 2 of the Standard Terms & Conditions of this
particular quotation stated that:[note: 33]

The above [quoted] prices exclude the cost of _Concreting Sand_ and 20mm
Aggregates which are to be supplied by [the Respondent] to [the Appellant]
batching plants _free of charge_. [emphasis added]

29 The Respondent did not reply to the 2 April Quotation. Instead, the
Respondent wrote to the Appellant a letter dated 26 April 2007,[note: 34]
which stated that Mr Oh Beng Hwa (one of the Respondent’s directors) had
proposed in the meeting of 19 March 2007 that the Respondent would supply the
sand and aggregates based on “the same old rate as that agreed” for the
Appellant to supply RMC at the contracted prices. The same letter stated that,
unless the Appellant agreed to this particular proposal by 27 April 2007, the
Respondent would hold the Appellant liable for all damage suffered.

30 The Appellant replied on the same day (by a letter dated 26 April 2007),
and clarified that the meeting on 19 March 2007 was to discuss the possibility
of the supply of _manufactured sand_ (as opposed to concreting sand) and
aggregates.[note: 35] The Appellant did not agree with the Respondent’s
proposal and reiterated that the Sand Ban was an abnormal situation covered by
the terms of the Contract (pursuant to cl 3, quoted above at [4]).

The decision of the court below

31 The Appellant relied on three defences to the Respondent’s claim. First,
the Appellant claimed that the Contract had been discharged by mutual
agreement at the meeting of 19 March 2007. Second, the Appellant claimed that
cl 10 permitted it to terminate the Contract upon giving one month’s written
notice and that it had given such notice by its letter to the Respondent dated
1 February 2007. Third, the Appellant claimed that its obligation to supply
concrete at the prices stipulated in the Contract was discharged under cl 3
when the Sand Ban disrupted its supply of raw materials.

32 As also noted above (at [6] and [26]), there is no need to deal with the
first defence. It is now common ground between both parties that there had
been no new agreement made at the meeting of 19 March 2007.

33 In so far as the second defence is concerned, we have already noted, at the
outset of this judgment (above at [6]), that we find the Judge’s reasoning as
well as decision in relation to the issue of termination pursuant to cl 10 to
be persuasive and correct. Put simply, we agree with the Judge’s finding that
the Appellant’s letter of 1 February 2007 could not amount to a notice of
termination within the meaning of cl 10. The Judge was clearly correct to find
that the requirement of unequivocal communication from the Appellant of its
intention to terminate the Contract was not satisfied, as the letter of 1
February 2007 had only made it known to the Respondent that the Appellant had
“no alternative but to revise [the] concrete prices”. This phrase was
ambiguous as it could have meant that the Appellant was exercising its right
to suspend the supply of RMC under cl 3, and not cl 10. Indeed, the same
letter of 1 February 2007 had used language which parallels that in cl 3.
Paragraph 1 of the letter dated 1 February 2007 (also reproduced in part above
at [13]) states as follows:[note: 36]

As we have notified you … the sudden announcement by Indonesia of the ban on
sand…resulted in an immediate _scarcity of materials_ and escalating prices
that were totally _beyond our control_. [emphasis added]

And, at paragraph 5 of the same letter, the Appellant stated, in a similar
vein, thus:[note: 37]

In light of all the factors mentioned above that is _beyond our control_ , we
have _no alternative but to revise our concrete prices_. [emphasis added]

34 The language just reproduced in the preceding paragraph suggests strongly
that the Appellant was, in fact, referring to cl 3. The use of the phrase
“scarcity of materials” parallels the phrase “shortage of material” in cl 3,
while the phrase “beyond our control” is found in the language of cl 3 itself.
The use of the phrase “revise our concrete prices” suggests an offer to vary
contractual terms, not to terminate the contractual relationship. A reasonable
interpretation would be that the Appellant was, in fact, relying upon the
_force majeure_ clause (_viz_ , cl 3) to cease supplying RMC to the
Respondent.

35 This leaves us with the remaining defence based upon cl 3 itself which,
because of its vital importance to the outcome of the present appeal, is
reproduced again as follows:

The Purchaser must provide sufficient advance notice in confirming each order.
The Supplier shall be under no obligation to supply the concrete if the said
supply has been _disrupted_ by virtue of inclement weather, strikes, labour
disputes, machinery breakdowns, riots, and _shortage of material_[_, acts_] of
God or any other factors _arising through circumstances beyond the control of
the Supplier_. [emphasis added]

36 The Judge was of the view that the Appellant could only rely on cl 3 if the
following two conditions had been met:

(a) the Appellant’s ability to supply concrete had been disrupted by any of
the events mentioned in cl 3; and

(b) the event arose through circumstances beyond the Appellant’s control.

37 The Judge had no doubt that the Sand Ban was beyond the Appellant’s
control. The question that the Judge focused on was whether there had been a
“disruption” within the meaning of cl 3. The Judge interpreted the word
“disrupt’ by reference to its ordinary meaning, as well as by considering the
need to achieve a commercially viable and reasonable result (see [34] of the
Judgment). On this basis, the Judge held (see [42] of the Judgment):

[T]here will be a “disruption” within the meaning of clause 3 only when an
event occurred that made it difficult for the defendant to supply concrete to
the plaintiff _but it excluded a rise in the price of the raw materials used
by the defendant to produce concrete_. [emphasis added]

38 The Judge held that a price rise of raw materials was immaterial to the
issue whether the supply of concrete was disrupted by a shortage of material
(here sand) by reference to English case law (which will be dealt with at
[51]–[52] below).

39 The Judge further held on the evidence that it was not difficult for the
Appellant to supply concrete to the Respondent as it did not ask the
Respondent to assist it by requesting for sand from the BCA stockpiles. In
failing to make the request, the Appellant had failed to make reasonable
efforts to ensure that the supply of concrete would not be disrupted. In other
words, the proximate cause of the disruption in the supply of concrete was not
the Sand Ban but the Appellant’s own failure to source the supply of sand from
or through the Respondent. Accordingly, there was no disruption beyond the
control of the Appellant within the meaning of cl 3.

40 The Judge found that the Respondent had been _willing to assist_ the
Appellant in this regard based on two facts, _viz_ :

(a) the Respondent knew that, as between the parties, only it had access to
BCA’s stockpiles;

(b) the Respondent had stated in its letter (to the Appellant) dated 5
February 2007 (see above at [16]) that there was no disruption of supply
because sand was available from the BCA stockpiles.

41 The Judge found that the fact that the Respondent had reminded the
Appellant that sand was available from the BCA stockpile despite knowing that
the Respondent had access to the BCA sand, and not the Appellant, demonstrated
that the Respondent was willing to help the Appellant procure sand from the
BCA. Further, the Judge found that the Appellant had not taken any steps to
ask the Respondent to request for sand from the BCA. In the circumstances, the
Judge found that the Appellant could not (unlike the Singapore High Court
decision in _Holcim (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Kwan Yong Construction Pte Ltd_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 193 (“ _Kwan Yong_ ”) which related, _inter alia_ , to an
identical clause) rely on cl 3, and therefore held that the Appellant was in
breach of the Contract when it failed to supply RMC to the Respondent at the
contracted prices.

Our decision

Issues raised

42 There is one main – or umbrella \- issue in respect of the present appeal,
_viz_ , whether or not the Appellant can avail itself of cl 3 in order to
defeat the Respondent’s claim against it for breach of contract. The
interpretation of cl 3 – as well as its application to the facts of the
present case - raise (in turn) two sub-issues, both of which must be
satisfied.

43 The first sub-issue is whether any of the events stated in cl 3 had “
_disrupted_ ” the supply of concrete. The meaning of the word “disrupted” has
to be ascertained before the first sub-issue can be fully determined by
applying that meaning to the facts of the present proceedings.

44 The second sub _-_ issue is whether the event (or events concerned) were “
_beyond the control_ of” the Appellant. This raises the question of whether
the Appellant is required to take all reasonable steps to avoid the operation
of cl 3. The Appellant bears the burden of proof with respect to both sub-
issues.

45 We will commence by setting out the _general legal principles_ relating to
the construction and interpretation of _force majeure_ clauses in relation to
each of the two sub-issues set out above.

46 We will then proceed to apply the general legal principles to both the
construction and interpretation of the language of cl 3 itself as well as its
application to the specific facts at hand. For ease of analysis and
understanding, we will apply the relevant general legal principles to the
specific facts in _two stages – which correspond to the two sub-issues,
respectively_.

A preliminary point – the need to adopt a holistic interpretation of both sub-
issues

47 This preliminary point arises, in no small part, because the Appellant had
sought to argue that the last part of cl 3 (centring on the phrase “arising
through circumstances beyond the control of the Supplier”) ought to be read
_separately_ from the rest of that particular clause so that a disruption of
supply because of shortage of material whether within the control of the
Appellant or not would bring cl 3 into operation. If the phrase was indeed to
be read separately from the rest of cl 3, no issue would arise with regard to
whether the Appellant is required to take all reasonable steps to avoid the
operation of that particular clause (which, it will be recalled, is in fact
the second sub-issue (see above at [44])).

48 With respect, we are unable to accept the Appellant’s argument as it is not
only inconsistent with a plain reading of cl 3 itself but is also contrary to
the general intent of that clause as well (reference may also be made to the
English High Court decision of _Frontier International Shipping Corp v
Swissmarine Corporation Inc (The “Cape Equinox”)_ [2005] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 390 as
well as _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) (“
_Chitty on Contracts_ ”) at para 14-138). In this last-mentioned regard, it
flies against all notions of commercial intent as well as commonsense to
interpret cl 3 in the manner that the Appellant has just argued because it
would mean that the parties intended, _inter alia_ , even a “disruption” that
was created by the Appellant itself to permit the Appellant to avail itself of
the benefit of cl 3. It would take only a moment’s reflection to conclude that
this could not, objectively speaking, have been the intention of the parties
at the time they entered into the Contract. In the circumstances, therefore, a
_holistic_ interpretation ought to be adopted with regard to both sub-issues.

The governing or umbrella principle relating to the construction and
interpretation of force majeure clauses

49 Stripped to its essence, the _governing_ legal principle in the context of
the construction and interpretation of _force majeure clauses_ is a simple –
albeit not simplistic \- one that is embodied within the following statement
of principle by this court in _RDC Concrete Pte Ltd v Sato Kogyo (S) Pte Ltd_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 413 (“ _RDC Concrete_ ”) as follows (at [54]):

The most important principle with respect to _force majeure_ clauses entails,
simultaneously, a rather specific factual inquiry: the _precise construction_
of the clause is paramount as it would define the _precise scope and ambit_ of
the clause itself. The court is, in accordance with the principle of freedom
of contract, to give full effect to the intention of the parties in so far as
such a clause is concerned. [emphasis in original]

The first sub-issue: whether or not any of the events stated in cl 3 itself
had “disrupted” the supply of RMC within the meaning of that clause

(1) Interpretation of the word “disrupted”

50 In order to invoke cl 3, the Appellant must demonstrate that the supply of
concrete has been “ _disrupted_ ” by the shortage of material. In the
circumstances, therefore, the meaning of the word “disrupted” must first be
ascertained. Although there is, to the best of our knowledge, no case law in
the Commonwealth (apart from the decision in the court below) with respect to
the meaning of the word “disrupted”, it is nevertheless useful to have regard
to prior decisions which have interpreted _similar_ words used in the context
of _force majeure_ clauses (for example, the word “hindered”). These decisions
are helpful in so far as they furnish guidance on the _general meaning_ not
only of the word itself but also of _other_ words (in this latter respect,
from a comparative perspective). The ascertainment of such general meaning
itself is _not_ , of course, conclusive simply because the _application_ of
that meaning to the _overall language_ of the _force majeure_ clause _as well
as to the precise factual context_ is of signal importance.

51 In the recent Hong Kong Court of Final Appeal decision of _Goldlion
Properties Limited v Regent National Enterprises Limited_ [2009] HKCFA 58 (“
_Goldlion Properties_ ”), the appellant, in order to invoke the _force
majeure_ clause, had to demonstrate that it was unable to complete the sale of
the property concerned due to any matter which in the appellant’s reasonable
opinion “materially hinders, prevents or obstructs” the completion of the
sale. Ribeiro PJ (with whom Nazareth and Brennan NPJJ agreed, Bokhary and Chan
PJJ delivering a joint (and separate) concurring judgment), endorsed the House
of Lords decision of _Tennants (Lancashire), Limited v C S Wilson and Company,
Limited_ [1917] AC 495 (“ _Tennants_ ”). Ribeiro PJ cited with approval (at
[82]) a passage from _Tennants_ to the effect that “‘[p]reventing’ delivery
means ... rendering delivery impossible” and “‘hindering’ delivery means
something less than this, namely, rendering delivery more or less difficult,
but not impossible” (_per_ Lord Atkinson, at 518). Ribeiro PJ further observed
that:

[a]s a matter of language, it is clear that the word “hinders” sets a
substantially lower threshold than the word “prevents” (with the word
“obstructs” occupying a position perhaps somewhere in between)

(See also _Goldlion Properties_ at [94]). Ribeiro PJ did, however, also refer
(at [82]) to the observations of Earl Loreburn in _Tennants_ (at 510),
observing that the learned law lord “put the bar somewhat higher, interpreting
‘hindering’ to mean “interposing obstacles which it would be really difficult
to overcome”; however, the learned judge proceeded to observe (also at [82])
that, nevertheless, “‘hindering’ was _on any view not_ a concept requiring the
supplier to show that some contingency had _prevented_ delivery” [emphasis
added]. We agree that the word “prevented” connotes a much higher degree in
relation to obstacles to performance of the contract compared to the word
“hindered”.

52 We also note that _Tennants_ also laid down the (related) general principle
to the effect that even a great or huge increase in price would _not_ , in and
of itself, constitute a “hindrance”. It is not, however, altogether
irrelevant. As Lord Dunedin observed in _Tennants_ (at 516):

Price may be evidence, but it is only one of many kinds of evidence as to
shortage. If the appellants had alleged nothing but advanced price they would
have failed. But they have shown much more. They have shown a total failure of
what after all was the main source of supply to their business …

All these principles were also endorsed and applied in another English
decision that has often been cited together with _Tennants_ , _viz_ , the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Peter Dixon & Sons, Limited v Henderson,
Craig & Co, Limited_ [1919] KBD 778 (“ _Peter Dixon_ ”).

53 We pause to observe, in this regard, that whilst a mere increase in price
is generally insufficient (in and of itself) to constitute a “hindrance” or
“prevention”, we leave open the issue as to what the legal position would be
if the increase in price is _astronomical_ (_cf_ the reference by Denning LJ
in the English Court of Appeal decision of _Brauer & Co (Gt Britain), Ltd v
James Clark (Brush Materials), Ltd_ [1952] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 147 at 154 (“
_Brauer_ ”) to the fact that, if in that case, the price increase was _one
hundred times_ as much as the contract price, then “that would be a
“fundamentally different situation” which had unexpectedly emerged, and he
[the seller] would not be bound to pay [for the licence concerned]”). Indeed,
the general legal principle in relation to a mere increase in price in the
context of whether or not a “hindrance” or “prevention” has occurred _vis-à-
vis_ a _force majeure_ clause mirrors the general principle in relation to the
common law doctrine of frustration (under which, generally speaking, a mere
increase in price will _not_ constitute a frustrating event (_cf_ also _RDC
Concrete_ (at [70]-[74])). Indeed, even in so far as the latter general
principle is concerned, at least two judges in the House of Lords decision of
_Tsakiroglou & Co Ltd v Noblee Thorl GmbH_ [1962] AC 93, _viz_ , Lord Reid and
Lord Hodson, appeared to at least briefly hint that increased costs might
constitute a possible ground for frustration where they were so extreme as to
be “astronomical” (at 118 and 128–129, respectively) – a proposition that, in
fact, appears to find some support in the local context in the decision of
this court in _Glahe International Expo AG v ACS Computer Pte Ltd_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 945 (especially at [24]).

54 As mentioned above, the crucial word in the context of the present
proceedings is “disrupt”. From linguistic as well as logical and contextual
perspectives, it is clear, in our view, that, like the word “hinder”, the word
“disrupt” does _not_ mean “prevent”. In the same vein, an increase in costs
alone will not constitute a “disruption”. More specifically, however, what
(general) meaning ought to be attributed to the word “disrupt”, bearing in
mind the fact that the particular factual matrix and context will also need to
be considered by the court before arriving at a final decision in any given
case?

55 _The Oxford English Dictionary_ (2nd Ed, Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1989) (“
_OED_ ”) defines the word “ _disrupt_ ” (at p 832) as follows: “To break or
burst asunder; to break in pieces, shatter; to separate forcibly”. The same
work defines the word “ _hinder_ ” (at p 242) in various ways, including the
following: “To put or keep back”; “To do harm to; to injure, impair, damage”;
and “To keep back, delay, or stop in action; to put obstacles in the way of;
to impede, deter, obstruct, prevent”. Although there is, in the last-mentioned
phrase, a reference to the word “ _prevent_ ”, that word itself is defined in
the _OED_ quite differently (as is to be expected since the presumption is
that no word in the English language ought to be redundant) and, _inter alia_
, as follows (at p 445): “To forestall, balk, or baffle by previous or
precautionary measures”; “To cut off beforehand, debar, preclude (a person or
other agent) _from_ , deprive _of_ a purpose, expectation, etc.”; and
(perhaps, most appropriately, having regard to the legal context as well as
case law considered above) “To frustrate, defeat, bring to nought, render void
or nugatory (an expectation, plan, etc.)” [emphasis in original].

56 The definitions of the words “disrupt” and “hinder” are – at a general
level at least – not dissimilar. Both words connote a lower degree of
negativity compared to the word “prevent”. And, perhaps more importantly, both
words suggest a datum measure of difficulty that interferes with the
successful completion of the transaction concerned. However, unlike a
situation involving “prevention”, the “disruption” or “hindrance” does not
render further performance by one party (or both parties) impossible (which
would be akin to a situation of (legal) frustration). It is also clear that
difficulty that manifests itself in the form of an increase in costs is – in
and of itself – insufficient to result in a finding of “disruption” or
“hindrance”. However, the level of guidance at this point is, unfortunately,
not very helpful. One can explain this, in part, by the fact that there are
myriad situations of “disruption” or “hindrance”. Nevertheless, we are of the
view that a further (if minimal) attempt at defining what might constitute a
“disruption” or “hindrance” would be helpful. In this regard, where a
_commercial transaction_ is involved, the process of ascertaining whether or
not a particular set of circumstances constitutes a “disruption” or
“hindrance” within the meaning of the _force majeure_ clause concerned ought
to be informed by considerations of _commercial practicability_ (bearing in
mind, of course, the particular _context_ in which the contract had been
entered into (_including any relevant commercial practice in the trade and/or
resultant dislocation in the trade_)). Hence, if, for example, events occurred
which, whilst not preventing _literal_ performance of the contract as such,
were such as would render continued performance commercially impractical,
there would, in our view, generally be a “disruption” or “hindrance” within
the meaning of the _force majeure_ clause in question. Still less would those
events need to render further performance of the contract _impossible_ , which
would be more akin to a situation of “prevention” (as explained above).

57 The following observations by Earl Loreburn in _Tennants_ (at 510–511) may
also be usefully noted:

_To place a merchant in the position of being unable to deliver unless he
dislocates his business and breaks his other contracts in order to fulfil one
surely hinders delivery_.

In my view this hindered delivery. It did not prevent delivery or make it
impossible, but it hindered delivery within the meaning of the contract now
under consideration ...

[emphasis added]

58 In a similar vein, we would also note the following observations by Swinfen
Eady MR in _Peter Dixon_ (at 785):

[I] think in substance the question is this: Having regard to the facts as set
out in the award, was there evidence upon which the arbitrators as reasonable
men could come to the conclusion at which in fact they arrived? _Having regard
to the general dislocation of trade, to the need for entering into fresh
contracts to obtain tonnage, to the fact that all standing contracts by all
parties in the trade were no longer able to be carried out, I am of opinion
that upon these facts much more than merely an increase in price was proved_ ,
and _it is no answer to say to the sellers: “It was possible to carry out your
contract and you could have got rid of the obstacle or difficulty by obtaining
tonnage at an increased price, or by paying Beckers an increased sum for them
to supply you_._”_ In my judgment there was ample evidence before the
arbitrators on which they could arrive at the conclusion, at which they did in
fact arrive, that the sellers were hindered in the delivery of the pulp within
the meaning of the contract. [emphasis added]

And the following observations by Bankes LJ in the same case (at 786) are also
helpful:

I think two rules were certainly laid down in that case [_viz_ , _Tennants_].
One was that _a rise in price would not in itself constitute a hindrance_ to
delivery within the meaning of such a contract as this; _and_ I think the
_second rule may be gathered from the language of Lord Dunedin_ [in _Tennants_
; see also above at [52]], where, in speaking of the judgment of Neville J.,
_he says … that the learned judge read the word “hinder” “in the general sense
of in any way affecting to an appreciable extent the ease of the usual way of
supplying the article…..”_ [emphasis added]

59 Another illustration may be found in the House of Lords decision of _Owners
of Steamship Matheos v Louis Dreyfus and Company_ [1925] AC 654 (“ _Louis
Dreyfus_ ”). Although this particular decision related to a prohibition
clause, the same general points of principle would be applicable. In _Louis
Dreyfus_ , the plaintiff shipowner brought a claim against the defendant
charterer for demurrage. The charterer was unable to load goods onto the
vessel owing to a severe frost which had caused the dock to be completely
frozen over. The charterer relied upon a clause in the charterparty which
effectively suspended the charterer’s obligation to load goods under
circumstances where there had been “detention by frost or ice”. The shipowner
argued that that clause could not be invoked by the charterer as it was still
possible to load the goods onto the vessel by the use of _manual labour_. The
House rejected this argument. In particular, Viscount Cave LC was of the view
(at 660) that, given the icebound conditions, “loading by hand during the
frost was in the commercial sense impracticable”. Indeed, the expenses of
manual loading were prohibitive, the charterers would run the risk of losing
the goods and no insurer would have been willing to cover such a dangerous
method of loading. More generally, however, this is merely an illustrative
situation and much would (as was already alluded to above) depend upon the
precise factual matrix. However, the _general principle_ as such seems to us
to be not only sound but also just and fair.

(2) Whether the present circumstances, seen in its commercial context, present
sufficient difficulty to constitute a “disruption” within cl 3

60 The circumstances in the present case did present considerable difficulties
for the Appellant. First, it is undisputed that, since the Indonesian
Government announced the Sand Ban, the BCA had implemented a system that only
entitled contractors (such as the Respondent) to have access to the BCA’s sand
stockpiles (see also above at [12]). The Appellant had _no_ access to these
stockpiles. Secondly, when the Sand Ban came into effect, the Appellant’s own
sand suppliers, Bibright and Huat Shua, stopped supplying sand to the
Appellant and relied upon the _force majeure_ clauses found in their
respective supply contracts (see above at [15]). The situation was exacerbated
by the fact that Bibright’s sand stockpile at the Tuas Aggregate Terminal had
been _taken over by the BCA_ ,[note: 38] with the result that Bibright
Shipping could only release sand with the BCA’s approval and could no longer
supply sand to the Appellant.

61 Thirdly, even if the Respondent were to help procure sand from the BCA’s
sand stockpiles, there was _no guarantee_ that the Respondent would have
received the requisite quantities of sand. This was confirmed by Mr Ng Cher
Cheng, the deputy director of procurement policies department at the
BCA.[note: 39] Further, there was a _fixed limit_ on the amount of sand that
could be released from the BCA’s sand stockpiles. The BCA’s circular dated 16
February 2007[note: 40] stated that there was a _weekly quota_ for the BCA’s
sand stockists. The circular stated that the sand would be released on a
“first come first serve” basis, and that once the weekly quota of sand had
been reached, the BCA would _stop_ releasing sand _immediately_ (see also
above at [19]). In addition, the BCA circular dated 1 February 2007[note: 41]
stated that only projects with concreting works to be carried out in the month
of February 2007 were allowed to request sand to be released from stockpile
from February.

62 Given the above circumstances, there can be no doubt that there were
sufficient difficulties to constitute a “disruption” within the meaning of cl
3. The Appellant’s traditional sources of sand from Indonesia were effectively
cut off by the system implemented by the BCA as well as by the reliance by its
own suppliers upon the _force majeure_ clauses in their respective contracts
with the Appellant (noting that the BCA had in fact taken over one of the
supplier’s sand stockpiles). Given that the BCA only granted access of sand
supplies to main contractors, these contractors (including the Respondent)
would be in a “monopolistic” position. The Respondent could take advantage of
its position to charge an exorbitant price for its services in assisting to
procure sand from the BCA. Under these circumstances, the Appellant was faced
with two stark choices. If it had chosen to stop performing the Contract, it
would have been liable for damages to the Respondent (assuming that cl 3 did
not apply). If it had chosen to perform the Contract by supplying concrete at
the contracted prices, it would have fallen prey to any potential exorbitant
demands of main contractors who had access to sand supplies. This left the
Appellant in the unsatisfactory situation in which the Respondent could insist
that the Appellant adhere to the Contract (thus obtaining RMC at pre-Sand Ban
prices) and, at the same time, earn a profit for its services of procuring
sand from the BCA. If the Appellant was to adhere to its contractual
obligations, it would have had no choice but to seek sand supplies from the
Respondent for whatever price the Respondent might have charged for it. Such a
commercially impracticable situation constituted, in our view, a “disruption”
within the meaning of cl 3. It must be cautioned that this analysis is not
focused on the prices of sand but, rather, on the difficulties faced by the
Appellant in the present overall commercial context. Further, it did not
matter whether the Respondent did in fact seek exorbitant prices for its
services in procuring sand (in this regard, and as will be seen below, the
Respondent did not even offer to help procure sand from the BCA for the
Appellant). It was sufficient that the Appellant was placed in a commercially
impracticable situation, as explained above.

63 The Respondent did contend (in passing and without argument or
evidence)[note: 42] that the Appellant _could have_ obtained sand from
countries other than Indonesia. Although it can be said that it was _possible_
for the Appellant to procure sand from non-traditional sources, it would have
been commercially impracticable to do so, given that cl 15 of the Contract
(“cl 15”) (see above at [10]) envisaged orders exceeding 100 cubic metres of
concrete to be delivered _within two days_ after the order has been placed,
and the Appellant would not have been able to do so if it had had to seek
supplies of sand from non-traditional sources. This commercial
impracticability is reinforced by the fact that cl 15 provided that the
Appellant must accept all orders for concrete. Indeed, the present situation
may have gone beyond that of commercial impracticability. Given that it would
be _impossible_ to deliver concrete to the Respondent within two days even if
the Appellant had sought alternative sources of sand from non-traditional
sources, a case of frustration would have been made out had it been pleaded
and argued in the Court below. We surmise that this was perhaps why the
Appellant sought to amend its pleadings to include an alternative defence in
frustration (although this has not been allowed for the reasons stated in
[103]–[105] below).

64 We are therefore, of the view that the clear shortage of sand resulting
from the Sand Ban had created genuine difficulties so as to constitute a
“disruption” within the scope and meaning of cl 3. However, as already noted
above, this is not an end to the matter in so far as the present appeal is
concerned. We need now to turn to consider _the second sub-issue_ , _viz_ ,
whether or not the event (or events concerned) were “ _beyond the control_ of”
the Appellant.

The second sub-issue: whether or not the event was “beyond the control of” the
Appellant

(1) Is there an independent legal principle **_inherent in all_** _force
majeure_ clauses to the effect that the affected party, in order to avail
itself of the benefit of the _force majeure_ clause, must have taken all
reasonable steps to avoid the _force majeure_ effects of the event in
question?

65 An interesting legal issue that arises in the context of the present
proceedings in general and the second sub-issue in particular is whether or
not there is, as Ribeiro PJ put it in _Goldlion Properties_ (at [98]), “a
free-standing legal principle” to the effect (as counsel for the respondents
argued, relying on the English decision of _Channel Island Ferries Ltd v
Sealink UK Ltd_ [1988] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 323 (“ _Channel Island Ferries_ ”)) that:

... there is **_inherent_** in the concept of a _force majeure_ clause the
principle that the person who seeks to rely upon it must prove that, even if a
qualifying event had occurred which could materially impede or hinder
completion, _such person had taken all reasonable steps to avoid_ the force
majeure effects of that event. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The learned judge was of the view – in no uncertain terms – that such a legal
principle did _not_ exist; as he observed (at [99]):

I am unable to accept that argument. I see no juridical basis for positing any
free-standing legal principle of the type urged. What conditions must be
satisfied for a party to bring himself within a force majeure clause depends
simply on its construction and, properly understood, _Channel Island Ferries_
says nothing different.

66 We agree with these observations of Ribeiro PJ in _Goldlion Properties_
that there cannot be any blanket principle to the effect that there is a
requirement to take all reasonable steps before the _force majeure_ clause can
be relied on (which language embodies the intention of the parties
themselves). In this regard, we note that the proposition stated in _Chitty on
Contracts_ (at para 14-140) supports such a blanket principle:

It is for a party relying upon a force majeure clause to provide the facts
bringing the case within the clause ... He must further prove ... that there
were no reasonable steps that he could have taken to avoid or mitigate the
event or its consequences.

In our view, this proposition is too wide. Whether the affected party must
have taken all reasonable steps before he can rely on the _force majeure_
clause depends, in the final analysis, on the precise language of the clause
concerned. Nevertheless, it might well be the case that, _at least where the
clause in question relates to events that must be beyond the control of one or
more of the parties, then the party or parties concerned ought to take
reasonable steps to avoid the event or events stipulated in the clause_. In
such a situation (as is in fact the case in the present proceedings), there
is, in our view, a persuasive case for requiring the affected party to take
reasonable steps to avoid the effects of the event in question. The rationale
for this approach is a simple and commonsensical one: _to the extent that the
party or parties concerned do not take reasonable steps to avoid the event or
events in question, it cannot be said that the occurrence of the event or
events was beyond the control of the party or parties concerned – in which
case the clause would not apply_. In this regard, it is pertinent to note that
in cases where it was held that the affected party was required to take
reasonable steps to avoid the effects of the event in question before it could
rely on the _force majeure_ clause (see, for example, _RDC Concrete_ at [64];
_Channel Island Ferries Ltd v Sealink UK Ltd_ [1987] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 559 at 570;
and the English Court of Appeal decision of _B & S Contracts and Design Ltd v
Victor Green Publications Ltd_ [1984] ICR 419), the legal issue that arose
centred on _force majeure_ clauses which related to events specified therein
that were _beyond the control of the party concerned_. It should also be noted
that these cases were also decided with respect to the precise factual matrix
concerned in general and on the construction of the precise language of each
_force majeure_ clause in particular. We would observe, parenthetically, that
there are resonances here with the principle under the doctrine of frustration
that there can be _no self-induced frustration_. Indeed, the proscription
against self-induced frustration has a similar rationale inasmuch as it is
necessary, in order for the doctrine of frustration to operate, that _neither_
contracting party is at fault.

67 However, the focus ought to be on the substance as opposed to the form.
Hence, in the English High Court decision of _Trade and Transport Incorporated
v Iino Kaiun Kaisha Ltd (The Angelia)_ [1973] 1 WLR 210, for example, the
court held, _inter alia_ (and, as it turned out, by way of _obiter dicta_),
that the party concerned ought to have taken steps to ascertain (and therefore
discovered) the non-availability of vehicles before the contract was concluded
and could not avail itself of the _force majeure_ clause as a consequence. The
_force majeure_ clause itself referred, _inter alia_ , to “ _unavoidable_
hindrances” as well as to “hindrances happening _without the fault of the
charterer_ [the party seeking to rely on the _force majeure_ clause in this
particular case]_, shippers or suppliers of cargo_ ” [emphasis added]
(reference may also be made to the English High Court decision of _Bolckow,
Vaughan, and Co v Compania Minera de Sierra Manera_ (1916) 114 LT 758).

68 In so far as the exception referred to above (at [66]) is concerned, one
might argue that it is _inherent_ within the meaning of concepts such as
“hinder” and “prevent” in the context of _force majeure_ clauses that such
concepts would only operate in a situation where the event or events concerned
are _beyond the control_ of the party or parties concerned. Alternatively, it
might be argued that the requirement to take reasonable steps ought to be
established based on the _interpretation of the precise language of the clause
itself_ (_cf_ , for example, _Brauer_). The former is analogous (albeit not
identical to) a “term implied in _law_ ”, whilst the latter is analogous
(albeit, again, not identical to) a “term implied in _fact_ ” (and see
generally the local decisions of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v
Modern-Pak Private Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 (at [29]-[44]) and _Jet Holding
Ltd v Cooper (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (at [89]-[91]) with
regard to the relationship between these two categories of implied terms).
Indeed, the latter argument is consistent with the more general approach
adopted by Ribeiro PJ in _Goldlion Properties_ (see above at [65]). However,
we do not need to express a concluded view on the former argument in the
present appeal, particularly in the light of the view we have just expressed –
in the preceding paragraph - with regard to the _narrower_ situation (where
there _is_ an _express_ reference to the event or events concerned being
_beyond the control_ of the party or parties concerned). It is interesting,
however, to note that Ribeiro PJ, in _Goldlion Properties_ , was of the view
(at [100]) that _Channel Island Ferries_ was distinguishable on the basis that
that case related to the “ _prevention_ ” – and _not_ the “ _hindrance_ ” \-
of the contractual performance; in the learned judge’s words (at [102]):

One can readily accept that if the wording of a force majeure clause makes it
operative only if the qualifying event has prevented performance it is
necessarily implicit that the clause does not apply if performance could in
fact have been rendered by the taking of reasonable steps. Such a clause
justifies a construction which places an obligation on the party relying on it
to show that he has taken all reasonable steps to render performance. But no
such obligation is implicit in the proposition that a particular matter has
materially _hindered_ performance. [emphasis in original]

69 With respect, although the above reasoning is not unpersuasive, we are of
the view that such an approach is too narrow and that, even in a situation
where there is merely “hindrance” of performance, the party relying on the
_force majeure_ clause concerned ought also to be required to show that it has
taken all reasonable steps to avoid the event or events concerned _if_ there
is the requirement that the event or events must be “ _beyond the control_ ”
of that particular party.

70 We pause to observe – parenthetically – that it might well be the case that
the majority of _force majeure_ clauses would incorporate (in substance and/or
form) the requirement that the event or events concerned must be _beyond the
control_ of the party or parties concerned. If so, then the requirement to
take reasonable steps might well be the rule rather than (as alluded to above
at [66]) the exception. However, whatever the _actual_ position, the _general
principle_ is, in our view, clear. To reiterate, _where the clause in question
relates to events that must be beyond the control of one or more of the
parties, then the party or parties concerned ought to take reasonable steps to
avoid the event or events stipulated in the clause. However_ , absent this
particular situation, this requirement to take reasonable steps is _not_ a
_blanket_ one as such and whether or not such a requirement obtains in the
particular situation at hand would depend on the precise language of the
clause itself (which language embodies the intention of the parties
themselves).

71 Where the affected party seeking to rely upon the _force majeure_ clause
must take _reasonable steps_ to avoid the event or events stipulated in the
_force majeure_ clause, whether he has done so will, of course, be _a question
of fact_ ; it is also _not_ an _absolute duty_ as _only reasonable steps_ need
to be taken. We are here in the sphere of the _application_ of the law to the
precise factual matrix concerned. Hence, in the Singapore High Court decision
of _Magenta Resources (S) Pte Ltd v China Resources (S) Pte Ltd_ [1996] 2
SLR(R) 316, for example, it was held that there was no duty to mitigate; as S
Rajendran J observed (at [96]-[97]):

96 The present case is clearly one where arrangements by a supplier higher up
the string to ship the goods had already been made when the delay by reason of
_force majeure_ happened. There was, therefore, no obligation on the part of
the plaintiffs to try and obtain the requisite urea through an alternative
source.

97 But even apart from the fact that this was a case where the contract with
the suppliers higher up the chain had been entered into at the time of the
_force majeure_ , this was not a contract under which the sellers were at
liberty to buy goods afloat. The plaintiffs here were not merely obliged to
deliver prilled urea of USSR origin but were in addition required to (a) mark
the goods with specific shipping marks provided by the defendants; (b) ship
the goods only in certain vessels not specifically prohibited by the contract;
and (c) ship the goods from a specified port. I agree with the submission of
the plaintiffs that, in such a situation, there was no question of buying
goods afloat. This is further reinforced by the fact that the contract here
was not a CIF contract since, by the contract, the defendants were to provide
insurance for the goods from the port of loading.

(2) Application to the facts of the present appeal

(A) The Issue

72 The issue is, in essence, a simple one. Given the fact that cl 3 expressly
stipulates that the shortage of material (here, sand to manufacture concrete)
must have arisen through circumstances beyond the Appellant’s control in order
for the clause to operate, the burden is on the Appellant to show that it had
taken all reasonable steps to avoid the operation of cl 3. We are of the view
that there is sufficient evidence to demonstrate that the Appellant had, on
the balance of probabilities, taken reasonable steps to avoid the operation of
cl 3. Let us elaborate.

(B) Reasonable steps taken by the Appellant but rejected by the Respondent

73 It is common ground that when the Sand Ban came into effect, the BCA
implemented a mechanism in which only main contractors (such as the
Respondent) would have access to BCA’s sand stockpiles. The Appellant had no
access to the BCA’s sand stockpile. The Appellant took the effort to notify
the Respondent of this fact, by way of its letter dated 9 February 2007
(reproduced above at [17]),[note: 43] which clearly informed the Respondent
that the mechanism implemented by the BCA meant that the Appellant could not
have access to the BCA’s stockpiles. However, the Respondent’s lack of
willingness to assist the Appellant is demonstrated by the fact that the
Appellant’s letter of 9 February 2007 was ignored. It is undisputed that there
was no response to this letter. If the Respondent had been willing to help
procure sand from the BCA, it would have replied to this letter. This is in
stark contrast to the mechanism implemented by the BCA in which it had
encouraged contractors to assist in the procurement and supply of sand to RMC
companies, by way of its “onward delivery” mechanism as stated in the BCA’s
Circular dated 1 February 2007.

74 In addition, the Appellant had written a letter dated 1 March 2007 (see
above at [21]) in which it had offered to credit back to the Respondent the
cost of the sand, calculated at $63 per tonne of sand in accordance to the BCA
price, if the Respondent was able to provide the Appellant with sand (“the
Appellant’s offer”).[note: 44] This was, _in substance, as good as a request_
for the Respondent to help procure sand from the BCA stockpiles. However, the
Respondent simply ignored the Appellant’s request.

75 The Judge, however, was unconvinced that the Respondent’s rejection of the
Appellant’s offer meant that the Respondent was unwilling to help supply sand
to the Appellant. In particular, the Judge was concerned that the Appellant’s
offer to credit back the costs of procuring sand had a catch – the offer
included a rise in the price of concrete found in the 1 March Quotation.[note:
45] In this regard, the Judge observed as follows (see the Judgment at
[50]–[52]):

50 ... the [Appellant] claimed that it had made an offer to the [Respondent]
on 1 March 2007 indicating that it would credit back to the [Respondent] the
cost of any sand and aggregates that the [Respondent] was able to provide at
$63 per ton and $73 per ton respectively. The gist of the [Appellant’s]
argument seemed to be that the [Respondent’s] rejection of its offer showed
that the [Respondent] was unwilling to help the [Appellant] apply for BCA sand
for the manufacture of concrete.

51 I reject the [Appellant’s] argument. The [Appellant’s] offer of crediting
back the cost of any sand and aggregates provided by the [Respondent] was
premised on the assumption that the [Respondent] would obtain the supplies
from the BCA, since its offer price of $63 and $73 tracked the BCA price ($60
and $70 respectively excluding the cost of delivery). Had this been a
standalone offer which the [Respondent] rejected, I would have regarded it as
strong evidence that the [Respondent] was unwilling to help the [Appellant]
apply for sand from the BCA stockpile. _However, the [appellant’s] offer had a
catch – it included a rise of almost 200% in the price of concrete as compared
to the prices stated in the Contract_.

52 _The [Appellant] had no right to impose higher prices of concrete on the
[Respondent]. The common thread that ran through the cases cited earlier is
that a rise in the price of raw materials is not sufficient to trigger a force
majeure clause like clause 3. If the [Respondent] was willing to assist the
[Appellant] by applying for BCA sand (where the [Appellant] pays for the BCA
sand)_ , the [Appellant] was obliged to accept the sand and perform the
Contract without imposing further conditions ....

[emphasis added]

76 In our view, and with respect, we find (from the Judge’s observations
quoted in the preceding paragraph, in particular, those portions that have
been emphasised) that the Judge _conflated_ several questions. There are in
fact three separate questions raised in the Judge’s observations:

(a) Whether the Appellant has the right to impose higher prices for concrete;

(b) Whether a rise in the price of sand is sufficient to trigger a _force
majeure_ clause; and

(c) Whether the Respondent had demonstrated its willingness to assist the
Appellant to procure sand.

As we will elaborate upon in a moment, the only question that ought to have
been addressed by the Judge was the one in (c) above.

77 In our view, whether the Appellant _has the right_ to impose higher prices
for concrete (see [76(a)] above) is irrelevant at this particular stage. This
question is only _consequential_ upon the _real_ inquiry, which is whether the
Appellant can invoke cl 3 in the first place (see [76(b)] above). If the
Appellant can invoke cl 3, the Respondent and Appellant are discharged from
performing their contractual obligations under the Contract and are free to
form a new contract with new prices. Hence, whether the Appellant has a right
to impose higher prices for concrete cannot assist us in determining whether
the Appellant can avail itself of the benefit of cl 3, for that is the very
question which the present inquiry seeks to answer.

78 As explained earlier (at [42]–[44]), whether the Appellant can avail itself
of the benefit of cl 3 is dependent on whether the circumstances constituted a
“disruption” within the meaning of cl 3, _and_ whether the shortage of
material was beyond the appellant’s control. We have already explained (at
[50]–[53]) that a mere increase in price is insufficient to trigger cl 3 in so
far as it is ordinarily insufficient to constitute a “disruption”. We have,
however (at [53]), left open the issue as to what the legal position would be
if the increase in price was _astronomical_. In addition, we have determined
earlier (at [60]–[64]) that the present circumstances were sufficiently
difficult to constitute a “disruption” within the meaning of cl 3.

79 In so far as the second sub-issue as to whether the shortage of material
was beyond the Appellant’s control is concerned, a vital question would be
whether the Appellant had taken reasonable steps to avoid the effects caused
by the shortage of material. In this regard, one specific question is whether
the Respondent was willing to assist the Appellant to procure sand from the
BCA (see [76(c)] above). As is evident from the Judge’s observations above (at
[75]), the Judge was concerned that the Appellant’s offer had included a 1
March Quotation with increased prices of concrete. We would be inclined to
agree with the Judge if the Respondent had rejected _both_ the increased
prices offered in the 1 March Quotation _as well as_ the Appellant’s offer to
credit back the cost of obtaining sand. If the Respondent had indeed rejected
the 1 March Quotation, it would have been consistent with the Judge’s concern
that the Respondent did not agree to the Appellant’s offer because it would
have been forced to accept the increased prices in the quotation. _However_ ,
the Judge did _not_ , with respect, consider the fact that the Respondent had
_indeed accepted_ the prices in the 1 March Quotation as evidenced in the
Respondent’s letter dated 20 March 2007[note: 46] in which the Respondent
agreed to pay the increased prices set out in the 1 March Quotation. Even
though the Respondent had accepted the increased prices, it _did not respond_
to the Appellant’s offer in the 1 March 2007 letter to _credit back_ the
Respondent the costs of procuring sand from the BCA. The 1 March Quotation was
_attached to_ the 1 March 2007 letter which contained the Appellant’s
offer.[note: 47] Having accepted the prices offered in the 1 March Quotation,
the only reason why there was no response to the Appellant’s offer, read
together with the similar “silence” from the Respondent after receiving the
Appellant’s letter of 9 February 2007,[note: 48] is that the Respondent had
been unwilling to help the Appellant procure sand from BCA.

80 It is important to emphasise that the Appellant’s offer to credit the cost
of obtaining the sand from BCA at the price of $63 per tonne of sand back to
the Respondent, demonstrates the lengths to which the Appellant was prepared
to go in order to ensure its continued ability to manufacture RMC. The price
of $63 per tonne of sand was _$3 more_ than the price at which the Respondent
could obtain sand from the BCA. This means that for every tonne of sand that
the Respondent procured for the Appellant, the Respondent would obtain an
extra $3.

81 Further, since the price of Grade 30 RMC quoted by the Appellant was $185
per cubic metre (see above at [22]), the effective selling price of RMC was
$182 per cubic metre (_viz_ , the quoted price of $185 - $3 reimbursement to
the Respondent for procurement of sand). This is _below_ the cost price of the
RMC which was $183.85 per cubic metre (the cost price was revealed at a
meeting between the Construction Industry Joint Committee and the BCA held on
25 April 2007[note: 49]). This again emphasises the efforts that the Appellant
was willing to make in order to meet its obligation to manufacture and supply
RMC to the Respondent. This also demonstrates that the Appellant was not
attempting to profiteer from the shortage of sand caused by the Sand Ban.

82 The above analysis is also reinforced by further evidence which will be
dealt with in detail below (at [83]–[90]).

(C) The Respondent had been unwilling to supply sand to the Appellant

83 There was no documentation evidencing the fact that the Respondent had
offered to help supply sand to the Appellant. Whilst the Respondent had
obtained sand from the BCA from as early as February 2007, it had chosen,
instead, to give the sand to a third party – an entity known as “Group
Industries at Sungei Kadut”. The director of the Respondent, Mr Peh Chong Eng,
admitted in the court below that “somewhere [_sic_] in February”, the
Respondent had applied for sand from the BCA and _had indeed obtained some
supply of sand_.[note: 50] Since the Respondent had known that, as between the
parties, _only it_ had access to the BCA’s stockpiles, it ought to have
informed the Appellant that it had obtained sand from the BCA. Instead of thus
informing the Appellant, the Respondent ignored the Appellant’s letter of 9
February 2009, in which (as we have seen) the Appellant made it clear that it
could not obtain sand from the BCA.

84 It was further revealed in the court below that Respondent had supplied
sand to Buildmate. Mr Peh, Buildmate’s director, revealed that the Respondent
would supply sand to Buildmate, and Buildmate would (in turn) supply sand to
the Appellant at the same price as that offered by the Appellant to the
Respondent (see above at [23]) at $63 per tonne. The Appellant would use the
sand to manufacture RMC and sell it to Buildmate, whereupon Buildmate would
(in turn) supply the same RMC to the Respondent. Unfortunately, it was not
placed on record as to what the commercial reasons were behind this strange
and roundabout way for the Respondent to obtain RMC.

85 There was however, some hint that Buildmate was used as an entity to obtain
RMC from the Appellant without payment: it was revealed that Buildmate did not
pay the Appellant for the RMC supplied to it[note: 51] (which RMC was, in
turn, supplied by Buildmate to the Respondent). Buildmate owed the Appellant
approximately $600,000 for RMC supplied[note: 52] and, instead of making
payment, Buildmate had offered to supply sand to the Appellant as substitute
payment,[note: 53] which the Appellant refused to accept. Since only
contractors such as the Respondent could have access to sand at that
particular point in time, and Buildmate had offered to use sand as substitute
payment for the RMC, there is a suggestion that the Respondent had been using
Buildmate to obtain RMC without payment. At the same time, the Respondent
refused to supply sand to the Appellant and had chosen to supply it to
Buildmate instead; the Appellant’s hands were tied inasmuch as it could not
manufacture RMC pursuant to the Contract. If so, the Respondent would be
having its cake and eating it: by obtaining RMC without payment, and by
insisting on claiming against the Appellant for its breach of contract for
failure to provide RMC under its contract. Given that this is not a pleaded
issue, and in view of the fact that the prior dispute between Buildmate and
the Appellant has been settled, we shall, however, refrain from making any
determination on this matter.

86 Notwithstanding the above, one thing remains clear from this puzzling
arrangement. It reinforces the finding that the Respondent was unwilling to
assist in supplying sand to the Appellant. This is because Mr Peh Chong Eng,
the Project Manager, revealed that the Respondent had purchased Grade 40
Normal Mix Concrete and Grade 50 Normal Mix Concrete from Buildmate at the
unit price of S$190.00 and S$199.00, respectively; these were _exactly the
same prices_ for RMC as those offered by the Appellant in the 1 March
Quotation. Since the Respondent had accepted the prices offered by the
Appellant, there is no explicable reason why it had chosen to supply sand to a
third party (Buildmate) and not to the Appellant, except for the fact that the
Respondent had been _unwilling_ to supply sand to the Appellant, whatever the
underlying commercial motivations might have been.

87 Apart from supplying sand to “Group Industries at Sungei Kadut” and
Buildmate (instead of the Appellant), Mr Peh Chong Eng actually gave evidence
that the Respondent did not inform the Appellant that it was willing to help
because it believed that the Appellant was already sourcing for alternative
supplies of sand.[note: 54] This demonstrates, in fact, that the Respondent
had _thought_ , rightly or wrongly, that there was _no need_ to help the
Appellant.

88 The Respondent also sought to argue that it had, by virtue of its letter to
the Appellant dated 26 April 2007[note: 55] (see also above at [29]), offered
to supply sand to the Appellant. The letter stated that Mr Oh Beng Hwa (the
Respondent’s director) had proposed _during the meeting of 19 March 2007_ that
the Respondent would “supply _the sand_ and aggregate” to the Appellant at
pre-sand ban prices in exchange for the Appellant to supply RMC at contracted
prices. The material parts of the Respondent’s letter of 26 April 2007 are
reproduced below, as follows:[note: 56]

On _19 th Mar[ch] 2007_, our Mr Oh [Beng Hwa] met with your Mr Leong and Mr
Soh …to discuss the matter of your demand for increase in price of concrete
mix …

Our Mr Oh [Beng Hwa] proposed, without prejudice, that to resolve the matter,
we supply _the sand_ and aggregate to you based on the same old rate as that
agreed by you, for you to supply the concrete mix at the same fixed price as
in the aforesaid contract contained in [the] quotation dated 10 November 2006
…

[emphasis added]

89 However, this letter does not advance the Respondent’s case in this
particular regard simply because it was conditional on the Appellant supplying
concrete to the Respondent at the contracted prices. Indeed, this particular
letter was no more than an ultimatum issued by the Respondent to the
Appellant, which the latter rejected (see also [30] above).

90 Even more crucially, the Respondent’s purported offer to supply sand was in
fact only an offer to supply _manufactured sand_. There was no offer to supply
_concreting_ sand. This was confirmed by Mr Oh Beng Hwa when he gave evidence
that the Respondent had proposed at the 19 March 2007 meeting (referred to in
the Respondent’s letter dated 26 April 2007) to supply manufactured sand, as
opposed to concreting sand.[note: 57] The Respondent re-confirmed this
position that it had offered the Appellant manufactured sand at the meeting of
19 March 2007 in its closing submissions.[note: 58]

(D) The Respondent had offered to supply manufactured sand to the Appellant
but this was not a viable alternative

91 The Appellant did not accept the Respondent’s offer to supply sand. In a
letter dated 26 April 2007, the Appellant highlighted that the Respondent’s
offer was confined only to the supply of _manufactured sand_.[note: 59] We
note that the Judge did not consider this a material aspect of the Appellant’s
letter of 26 April 2007 (see [18] of Judgment); neither was there any
discussion on the issues relating to manufactured sand in the Judgment. In our
view, if manufactured sand had been a viable alternative to concreting sand
available to the Appellant for use in the manufacture of RMC, and there was no
good or justifiable reason why the Appellant did not accept the Respondent’s
offer to supply this viable alternative, it cannot be said that the Appellant
had taken reasonable steps to avoid the operation of cl 3. _However_ , the
_undisputed_ evidence adduced in the proceedings in the court below
demonstrates that the Respondent’s _offer_ to supply manufactured sand was a
contrived one. There was in fact, at the time when the offer was made on 19
April 2007 (which was reiterated in the Respondent’s letter of 26 April 2007),
no approval granted to use manufactured sand as part of the sand component to
produce RMC. In any event, the undisputed evidence demonstrates that it has
never been the case that manufactured sand could constitute 100% of the sand
component to manufacture RMC. This means that _concreting sand would still be
required in any event_. In so far as the offer to supply manufactured sand
simply evades the pertinent questions of how and from where the Appellant
could obtain _concreting_ sand, without which the Appellant is _unable_ to
produce RMC, we are of the view that the Respondent’s offer to supply only
manufactured sand cannot be said to be a genuine offer. We now turn our
attention to the specific evidence.

92 First, the evidence from the _Respondent’s own witnesses_ shows that there
was, in fact, _no approval_ to use _manufactured_ sand. The Respondent’s
Project Manager, Mr Peh Chong Eng, gave evidence that approval of the
Qualified Person had to be obtained before manufactured sand can be used to
manufacture RMC.[note: 60] As such, it follows that such approval to use
manufactured sand _should_ have been obtained at the very latest by the
meeting of 19 March 2007 when the Respondent had offered to supply
manufactured sand to the Appellant. On the contrary, the evidence shows that
no such approval had been obtained at the material time. When Mr Oh Beng Hwa
(the Respondent’s director) was asked whether the use of manufactured sand was
approved only in _December 2007_ , he at first answered that he was
unsure,[note: 61] after which he made reference to the concrete mix design
dated 22 November 2006 exhibited in his AEIC.[note: 62] However, Mr Oh Beng
Hwa admitted that the words “manufactured sand” were not found in that
design.[note: 63] As such, the reference to that design is of no relevance to
show that there had been approval to use manufactured sand before the meeting
of 19 March 2007.

93 Second, the Respondent’s offer to supply sand on 19 March 2007 (reiterated
in the Respondent’s letter dated 26 April 2007) was made _more than eleven
weeks before approval was granted_ to use _manufactured_ sand. Mr Oh Beng Hwa
admitted, in cross-examination,[note: 64] that the request for approval to use
manufactured sand was actually found in the concrete mix design proposal dated
_1 June 2007_ attached with a letter dated _8 June 2007_ ,[note: 65] which had
been sent to the Qualified Person, Mr Lai Kin Sin. Clearly, this request for
approval to use manufactured sand came too late; there was no such approval to
use manufactured sand at the time when the Respondent had made an offer to
supply manufactured sand at the meeting of 19 March 2007.

94 Third, _even if_ there was approval to use manufactured sand, it was common
ground that the approved use of manufactured sand was _only up to 50%_ of the
sand component in RMC, as shown in paragraphs 5.5 and 5.6 of the concrete mix
design proposal dated 1 June 2007.[note: 66] In other words, there was no
approval for manufactured sand to be used as the 100% sand component to
manufacture RMC. There was therefore still a need to obtain concreting sand to
make up the other 50% of the sand component required to manufacture RMC.

95 Fourth, there is substantial undisputed evidence that, although the
industry did use manufactured sand even before the Sand Ban, it was _never
used as a 100% sand component_ to produce RMC. Concreting sand would still be
required in any event. In other words, manufactured sand has never been used
as a _full_ substitute for concreting sand. In particular, Dr Ghosh (the
Appellant’s Chief Executive Officer with a Canadian PhD degree in concrete
technology and civil engineering materials[note: 67]) testified that the
quality of the RMC suffers when a greater percentage of manufactured sand is
used in its production. Dr Ghosh’s evidence is that as a general practice in
the construction industry, in manufacturing RMC, the use of manufactured sand
would not exceed 20% to 30% of the sand component; it was never used as a 100%
substitute for concreting sand.[note: 68] Dr Ghosh’s evidence is strongly
corroborated by the supporting evidence, not least of which was Mr Oliver Ong
Yan Wah’s (the Project Director’s) revealing evidence that at the material
time, it was “ _unknown_ ” whether the use of manufactured sand as a 100% sand
component for RMC was allowed.[note: 69] Further, it is clear that the two BCA
Circulars dated 1 and 15 February 2007, released after the news of the Sand
Ban was made known, make _no_ mention of manufactured sand. Before the Sand
Ban was announced, the BCA encouraged the construction industry to use
alternative materials to _reduce the need_ for concreting sand, in its media
release dated 29 January 2007 (“BCA’s media release”), in the following
terms:[note: 70]

… we [the BCA] strongly encourage the [construction] industry to adopt
alternative construction materials to _reduce the need_ for concreting sand.
[emphasis added]

96 The BCA’s media release shows that alternative construction materials were
not meant to be full substitutes for concreting sand, but had played the role
of reducing the need for concreting sand. This supports Dr Ghosh’s evidence
that manufactured sand has not been used as a full replacement of concreting
sand to manufacture RMC. The contents of BCA’s media release have been
confirmed by Mr Ng Cher Cheng, the Deputy Director of procurement policies
department at the BCA.[note: 71] We are also aware that the letter dated 13
June 2007 by the materials specialist,[note: 72] MAPEI, stated that at that
particular point in time, all commercial RMC suppliers were using only
_approximately 50%_ of manufactured sand to manufacture concrete. The other
50% required concreting sand, which the Respondent had failed to offer to
procure from the BCA.

97 In view of the evidence set out above, it is clear that _manufactured_ sand
was _not_ a viable alternative. Put simply, the Appellant simply _could not
have used_ manufactured sand to produce RMC without the requisite approval to
do so. The Respondent’s offer to supply manufactured sand was therefore a mere
_empty gesture_ as there was in fact no approval for the use of manufactured
sand at the time of the offer, and, even assuming that approval had been
granted, _concreting_ sand was still required in any event for about 50% of
the sand component to produce RMC. The Respondent was presumably more than
aware of the futility of its own offer as it kept silent and did not reply to
the Appellant’s letter dated 26 April 2007.We conclude this part of the
judgment by observing that there was a disingenuous attempt by the Respondent
to utilise the pleadings in a “creative” fashion in order to bolster its case
on this particular issue. In particular, the Respondent made averments in
paras 9 and 11 of its statement of claim that created the misleading
impression that a proper offer to supply (_concreting_) sand had been made to
the Appellant, as follows:

9\. To persuade the Defendant to honour its obligations under the Contract,
the Plaintiff’s Peh Chong Eng _proposed to the Defendant’s Messrs Leong and
Soh to supply sand_ and aggregate to the Defendant. This proposal was
communicated to the Defendant at a meeting on 19 March 2007. The Defendant did
not agree to this proposal.

...

11\. By _a letter dated 26 April 2007_ , the Plaintiff _reiterated its
previous proposal to supply sand_ and aggregate to the Defendant. The
Plaintiff gave the Defendant until 2pm 27 April 2007 to accept the proposal,
failing which it would accept its repudiation of the Contract ...

[emphasis added]

98 The averments made in the statement of claim (set out in the preceding
paragraph) are obviously very different from the actual proposal (as is the
Respondent’s present argument) to supply _only manufactured_ sand. Indeed, we
surmise that the Judge was (unfortunately) under the (erroneous) impression
that the Respondent was making an argument based on the former (as opposed to
the latter), as it was stated in the Judgment that the Respondent had offered
to _supply sand_ to the Appellant (see [17] and [53] of the Judgment), in
which _no mention_ was made of manufactured sand. We add here, parenthically,
that the Respondent had not pleaded that an offer of manufactured sand
constituted a fair and reasonable offer.

(E) The Appellant took other reasonable steps to avoid the operation of Cl 3

99 Before the BCA has made the announcement under which the Appellant would be
denied access to the BCA sand stockpiles, the Appellant had, in fact, met
other concrete suppliers and the BCA to discuss alternative supplies of
sand.[note: 73] On 30 January 2007, the Appellant had a meeting with the
Ministry of National Development to discuss the sand ban situation. In
addition, the Appellant stated in its letters to the Respondent dated 9
February 2007 and 1 March 2007 that the Appellant had been sourcing for
supplies of sand and aggregates.

(F) Conclusion

100 Based on the totality of the evidence, we conclude that Appellant _had_
taken reasonable steps to avoid the operation of cl 3. In the final analysis,
it is important to emphasise that the reasonable steps that the Appellant
could have taken to avoid the operation of cl 3 were limited, in the
particular context, to a situation where only the Respondent had access to the
BCA’s sand stockpiles. The Appellant had done what it could in the difficult
circumstances it found itself placed in: it had informed the Respondent of its
inability to procure sand from the BCA and it had offered to credit back to
the Respondent the price of sand at a price higher than the cost of procuring
sand from the BCA. However, time and again, the Respondent had been unwilling
to assist to procure sand from the BCA. In addition, the Respondent did not
adduce any evidence that there were alternative supplies of concreting sand
from local or overseas sources (apart from its failed contention with regard
to manufactured sand). Since the Appellant’s inability to perform the Contract
was due largely to the Respondent’s unwillingness to assist, it follows that
the triggering of cl 3 is not insubstantially due to the Respondent’s own
actions. As such, it does not lie in the Respondent’s mouth to insist that the
Appellant is unable to rely upon cl 3. In the circumstances, cl 3 applies in
the context of the present proceedings as we had earlier found that there had
indeed been a “disruption” within the meaning of the clause itself.
Consequently, the Appellant is not in breach of contract as cl 3 discharged
the Appellant from its obligation to supply RMC to the Respondent.

101 We would like conclude with the following observation. This case
illustrates the importance of drafting contractual clauses in general and
_force majeure_ clauses in particular with clarity and precision. Although
_force majeure_ clauses often take the form of “boilerplate” clauses, lawyers
and their clients would do well to pay more attention to the precise language
used in drafting the clause(s) concerned. In the present case, for example, cl
3 was phrased too generally; the dispute between the Appellant and Respondent
could have been efficaciously resolved if there had been a more specific
clarification of its terms found in cl 3, not least with regard to the meaning
of the word “disrupted”.

The Appellant’s application to amend its pleadings

102 As mentioned above (at [7]), the Appellant sought to amend its pleadings
(by way of SUM 697/2010) in order to raise – for the first time before this
court - the argument that, in any event, the Contract had been _frustrated_.
Given our decision with regard to the two sub-issues, the Appellant need not
in fact have made this application.

103 The legal principles governing an application of this nature have been set
out in a number of recent local decisions. In particular, in the recent
decision of this court in _Review Publishing Co Ltd v Lee Hsien Loong_ [2010]
1 SLR 52, Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the judgment of the court, set out a
comprehensive overview of this area of the law, as follows (at [110]–[114]):

110 … O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) gives the
court a wide discretion to allow pleadings to be amended at any stage of the
proceedings on such terms as may be just. Order 20 r 5(1) reads:

Subject to Order 15, Rules 6, 6A, 7 and 8, and this Rule, the Court may _at
any stage of the proceedings_ allow the plaintiff to amend his writ, or any
party to amend his pleading, _on such terms as to costs or otherwise as may be
just and in such manner (if any) as it may direct_. [emphasis added]

111 In _Chwee Kin Keong v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR 502 (“ _Chwee
Kin Keong_ ”), this court said at [101]:

Under O 20 r 5(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed), the court
may grant leave to amend a pleading at _any_ stage of the proceedings. _This
can be before or during the trial, or after judgment or on appeal_. [emphasis
added]

112 Indeed, local case law shows that our courts have allowed amendments to be
made to pleadings even:

(a) at the final stages of a trial after the parties have made their closing
submissions (see _Chwee Kin Keong_ at [101]–[103] and _Lee Siew Chun v
Sourgrapes Packaging Products Trading Pte Ltd_ [1993] 2 SLR 297 at 323–325,
[91]–[96]);

(b) after summary or interlocutory judgment has been obtained (see _Invar
Realty Pte Ltd v Kenzo Tange Urtec Inc_ [1990] SLR 791 at 797–798, [21]–[22]);
and

(c) pending an appeal or in the course of an appeal itself (see _Soon Peng Yam
v Maimon bte Ahmad_ [1996] 2 SLR 609 at 618, [25]–[30], _Asia Business Forum
Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin_ [2004] 2 SLR 173 (“ _Asia Business Forum_ ”) at [17]
and _Susilawati v American Express Bank Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR 737 (“ _Susilawati_
”) at [56]; see also O 57 r 13(1) of the Rules of Court, which states that
“the Court of Appeal shall have all the powers and duties as to amendment and
otherwise of the High Court”).

...

113 The guiding principle is that amendments to pleadings ought to be allowed
if they would enable the real question and/or issue in controversy between the
parties to be determined… However, an important caveat to granting leave for
the amendment of pleadings is that it must be just to grant such leave, having
regard to all the circumstances of the case. Thus, this court held in _Asia
Business Forum_ that the court, in determining whether to grant a party leave
to amend his pleadings, must have regard to “the justice of the case” (at
[12]) and must bear in mind (at least) two key factors, namely, whether the
amendments would cause any prejudice to the other party which cannot be
compensated in costs and whether the party applying for leave to amend is
“effectively asking for a second bite at the cherry” (at [18]). These two key
factors were endorsed recently again by this court in _Susilawati_ at [58].

114 It cannot be over-emphasised that all the relevant circumstances of the
case at hand should be considered by the court in deciding whether or not to
allow an amendment to pleadings, and that delay in bringing the application
for leave to amend _per se_ does not constitute prejudice to the other party.
As this court stated in _Wright Norman_ at [23]:

... In our opinion, at the end of the day, the most important question which
the court must ask itself is, are the ends of justice served by allowing the
proposed amendment. Pleadings should not be used as a means to punish a party
for his errors or the errors of his solicitors. All relevant issues should be
investigated, provided the other party will not be prejudiced in a way which
cannot be compensated by costs. All relevant circumstances should be
considered by the court before it exercises its discretion [as to] whether it
would allow an amendment. _While the time at which an amendment is made is a
relevant consideration it is not necessarily decisive. Delay per se does not
equal prejudice or injustice_. We do not think any rigid rule should or can be
laid down on this. [emphasis added]

104 Reference may also be made to the decision of this court in _Hwa Lai Heng
Ricky v DBS Bank Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 710, which cited and applied the
abovementioned principles.

105 Having regard to the principles set out in the preceding paragraphs, we
are of the view that the Respondent’s argument to the effect that, if the
doctrine of frustration had been canvassed in the court below, more evidence
would need to have been called and that it would now be prejudiced if the
Appellant’s application were to succeed, is persuasive. The principles as well
as rationale governing _force majeure_ clauses on the one hand and the
doctrine of frustration on the other are – notwithstanding possible overlaps
\- quite different. And, when we add to this the fact that it would appear
that the Appellant has a strong _prima facie_ case in the context of the
doctrine of frustration (see _Kwan Yong_ (especially at [76]–[77])), it is
clear, in our view, that it would be unfair to the Respondent to grant the
Appellant’s application to amend its pleadings at this late stage. That having
been said, the Appellant did not need (in the light of our decision on both
sub-issues above) to rely upon the doctrine of frustration. In the event, we
dismiss the Appellant’s application with costs.

Conclusion

106 For the reasons stated above we allow the appeal with costs and with the
usual consequential orders. However, we reject the application in SUM 697/2010
with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]See _The Jakarta Post_ dated 24 January 2007 in the Record of Appeal
(“ROA”) vol III Part M, p 4860.

[note: 2]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol II (“2ACB”), pp 33-34.

[note: 3]See _The Straits Times_ dated 25 January 2007 at ROA vol III Part M
(“ROA(3M)”), p 4861.

[note: 4]2ACB, p 35.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , p 36.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ , p 39.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , p 39, para 4.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ , pp 40-41.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ , p 37.

[note: 10]_Ibid_ , p 38.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , p 42.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 43.

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p 44.

[note: 14]_Ibid_ , p 46.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ , p 47.

[note: 16]_Ibid_.

[note: 17]_Ibid_ , pp 48–49.

[note: 18]See the Notes of Evidence (“NE”) (7 July 2009), p 47.

[note: 19]See Peh Ah See’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) in ROA(3M),
p 4831.

[note: 20]See NE (7 July 2009), pp 20–21.

[note: 21]See Peh Ah See’s AEIC in ROA(3M), p 4830.

[note: 22]See Peh Chong Eng’s AEIC in ROA(3A), pp 199–202.

[note: 23]See Peh Chong Eng’s AEIC in ROA(3A), p 203.

[note: 24]See NE (7 July 2009), p 85.

[note: 25]See NE (7 July 2009), p 85, and NE (8 July 2009), pp 118 and 120.

[note: 26]See NE (8 July 2009), p 120, lines 22–27.

[note: 27]See NE (7 July 2009), pp 20 and 67 and NE (8 July 2009), p 120.

[note: 28]See the Defence (Amendment No 1), ROA vol 2, p 53, para 9.

[note: 29]See the Appellant’s Case, p 21, para 29.

[note: 30]See 2ACB, p 50.

[note: 31]_Ibid_.

[note: 32]_Ibid_ , pp 51–52.

[note: 33]_Ibid_ , p 51.

[note: 34]_Ibid_ , p 53.

[note: 35]_Ibid_ , p 48, para 2.

[note: 36]See 2ACB, p 39.

[note: 37]_Ibid_.

[note: 38]_Ibid_ , p 38 (where Bibright Shipping declared a _force majeure_
event on the appellant. Bibright Shipping had also explained that its sand
supplies had been taken over by BCA).

[note: 39]See the Supplemental Core Bundle, p 26.

[note: 40]See 2ACB, p 44.

[note: 41]_Ibid_ , p 36.

[note: 42]See Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions dated 14 August 2009 found in
ROA Vol IV at p 5393.

[note: 43]_Ibid_ , p 43, para 3.

[note: 44]_Ibid_ , p 47, para 3.

[note: 45]See 2ACB, p 48.

[note: 46]_Ibid_ , p 50.

[note: 47]_Ibid_ , pp 48–49.

[note: 48]_Ibid_ , p 43.

[note: 49]See ROA(3M), p 4992.

[note: 50]See NE (7 July 2009), p 32, lines 3–6.

[note: 51]See NE (7 July 2009), p 85, lines 27–29.

[note: 52]See NE (7 July 2009), p 85, and NE (8 July 2009), p 118 and 120.

[note: 53]See NE (8 July 2009), p 120, lines 22–27.

[note: 54]See NE (7 July 2009), p 43, lines 21 and 28–29.

[note: 55]See 2ACB, p 53.

[note: 56]CB Vol 2 at p CB-53.

[note: 57]Oh Beng Hwa’s AEIC at ROA, Vol 3(A) at p 79, para 20.

[note: 58]ROA Vol 4 at p 5394, para 38 and p 5417, para 64.

[note: 59]CB Vol 2 at p CB-54.

[note: 60]See NE (7 July 2009), p 11, line 22.

[note: 61]See NE (7 July 2009), p 19, line 9.

[note: 62]ROA Vol 3(A) at p 52.

[note: 63]See NE (7 July 2009), p 79, line 11.

[note: 64]See NE (8 July 2009), p 95.

[note: 65]See CB vol 2, p CB-77 and CB-78.

[note: 66]See CB vol 2, p CB-78.

[note: 67]See NE (8 July 2009), p 107, lines 5–6.

[note: 68]See NE (8 July 2009), p 110.

[note: 69]See NE (Day 2), p 99, line 14.

[note: 70]See 1AB at p 4726, para 4, found in ROA Vol V part K, at p 10313.

[note: 71]See NE (10 July 2009), p 189, lines 3–6.

[note: 72]ROA Vol 4 at p 5499(32), para 6.

[note: 73]See the letter dated 26 January 2007, 2ACB, p 35, para 4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

