Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Makindo (formerly known as PT Makindo TBK) _v_ Aperchance Co Ltd and
others  
[2011] SGCA 19

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 137 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chandra Mohan s/o Rethnam, Mabelle Tay Jiahui and Gillian
Hauw (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant; Davinder Singh SC, Alecia Quah and
Nabil Mustafiz (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  PT Makindo (formerly known as PT Makindo TBK) — Aperchance Co Ltd
and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 954.]

27 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
dismissing the Appellant’s application to cite the Respondents for contempt of
court (see _PT Makindo (formerly known as PT Makindo TBK) v Aperchance Co Ltd
and others_ [2010] 4 SLR 954 (“the GD”)).

2 At the conclusion of the hearing, we dismissed the appeal with costs. We now
give our reasons.

3 The Appellant is an Indonesian investment bank. The 1st Respondent is a
company incorporated in Hong Kong. The 2nd and 3rd Respondents are the only
directors and shareholders of the 1st Respondent. Both of them are based in
Singapore.

Background to the dispute

The previous proceedings

4 On 22 November 2003, the 1st Respondent commenced Suit No 1149 of 2003
(“Suit 1149/2003”) against the Appellant and three other parties (“the 3
Defendants in Suit 1149/2003”) for repayment of US$126m. On 24 November 2003,
the 1st Respondent obtained an _ex parte_ worldwide Mareva injunction against
the Appellant (“the worldwide Mareva injunction”). On 27 February 2004, the
worldwide Mareva injunction was set aside by the High Court on the ground that
it had no jurisdiction over the Appellant and the 3 Defendants in Suit
1149/2003 (collectively, “the Defendants in Suit 1149/2003”). The 1st
Respondent was ordered to pay the costs of the Defendants in Suit 1149/2003
and to serve the court order (“the 27 February 2004 Court Order”) on all
parties who had earlier been notified of the worldwide Mareva injunction.

5 The 1st Respondent did not appeal against the 27 February 2004 Court Order,
and subsequently complied with its terms by informing, on 5 March 2004, all
the relevant parties of the setting aside of the worldwide Mareva injunction
as well as by paying the costs of the Defendants in Suit 1149/2003 in
September 2009.

The advertisements

6 Between 7 and 11 January 2010, the 1st Respondent placed an advertisement in
five major Indonesian newspapers, including _Bisnis Indonesia_ , _Kompas_ and
_Kontan_ (“the Advertisements”). The relevant part of the Advertisements
(translated into English from Bahasa Indonesia) reads:

IMPEDING AND BLOCKAGE

THE ENTIRE ASSETS/CAPITAL OF PT. MAKINDO. TBK., RACHMIWATY JUSUF, GUNAWAN
JUSUF AND CLAUDINE JUSUF ALL OVER THE WORLD PURSUANT TO THE JUDGMENT OF THE
SINGAPORE HIGH COURT NO. S. 1149/2003/H DATED 24TH NOVEMBER 2003

IN THE CASE BETWEEN: APERCHANCE COMPANY LIMITED (the “PLAINTIFF”) AGAINST PT.
MAKINDO. TBK., RACHMIWATY JUSUF, GUNAWAN JUSUF AND CLAUDINE JUSUF (the
“DEFENDANTS”)

7 The information in the Advertisements may have been correct as at 24
November 2003, but it was false and misleading as at the date of their
publication as the “IMPEDING AND BLOCKAGE” order had been discharged on 27
February 2004. The Advertisements were placed by the 1st Respondent in
response to certain advertisements placed in December 2009 and January 2010 by
the Appellant in the same Indonesian newspapers, in which the Appellant had
claimed, falsely, that the 1st Respondent’s claim against the Defendants in
Suit 1149/2003 had been dismissed by the Singapore High Court on the merits.

8 On learning about the Advertisements, the Appellant, through its solicitors,
wrote on 11 and 20 January 2010 to each of the Respondents protesting against
the publication of the Advertisements, and stating that it would seek to
“recover substantial damages and reliefs”. The Appellant also requested the
Respondents to confirm whether they had authorised the publication of the
Advertisements. The Respondents ignored the Appellant’s requests.

The Appellant’s application for leave to commence committal proceedings

9 This led the Appellant to apply, _ex parte_ , in Originating Summons No 190
of 2010 for leave of court to commence committal proceedings against the
Respondents for contempt of court. Leave was granted. The Appellant filed a
statement pursuant to O 52 r 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed), in which it was stated:

[18] However, nowhere in the advertisements was it mentioned that the
worldwide Mareva Injunction had been set aside on 27 February 2004 or that the
service of the Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim in Suit 1149 of 2003/H
by the 1st Respondent on the Plaintiffs in Suit 1149 has [_sic_] been
similarly set aside.

[19] This is a blatant disregard for and willful [_sic_] disobedience of the
Order of Court dated 27 February 2004. The advertisements are utterly untrue
and amount to a contempt of court. They wholly fail to mention that the
worldwide Mareva Injunction has [_sic_] been set aside and is no longer in
force. Additionally, the advertisements are in breach of the Order of Court
dated 27 February 2004 requiring the 1st Respondent to serve copies of Orders
of Court dated 27 February 2004 on parties who were notified of the worldwide
Mareva Injunction.

The basis of the Appellant’s case as set out above is that the 1st Respondent
had, by placing the Advertisements, failed and/or refused to comply with the
27 February 2004 Court Order, and had thwarted and frustrated the very purpose
of the said court order.

The Judge’s decision

10 Upon the application coming on for hearing, the Judge dismissed it on the
following grounds:

(a) on the facts, the Respondents had complied with the terms of the 27
February 2004 Court Order; and

(b) the Advertisements did not amount to scandalising the court as they did
not impugn the impartiality, integrity or independence of the Judiciary, and
did not interfere with the administration of justice.

11 The Judge was of the view that as the proceedings in Suit 1149/2003 had
ended more than six years ago, the court should not trouble itself with the
misleading statements of both the parties, especially when the Appellant could
sue the 1st Respondent for defamation. In the GD at [24], the Judge said:

... The misreporting of _continuing_ proceedings may, depending on
circumstances, be a contempt of court if further proceedings are likely to be
prejudiced or if this effect was intended by the misreporting but different
considerations arise when the proceedings in question have already ended. If a
judgment is misrepresented in a way that injures the reputation of one of the
parties to the action, the remedy open to the injured party is, without more,
to sue for defamation. In _Dunn v Bevan; Brodie v Bevan_ [1922] 1 Ch 276,
Sargant J explained at 285:

It seems to me that applications for alleged contempt ought to be very
carefully scrutinised, and that the Court ought not in any way to enlarge the
jurisdiction or apply it to matters which are outside the well established
lines. It is suggested ... that there is a third form of contempt, not
consisting either in scandalising the Court or in interfering with the course
of justice; and that that form of contempt consists in a misrepresentation of
the judgment of the Court and of the proceedings in Court for the purpose of
injuring one of the parties. In my judgment there is not such a third class of
contempt ... _It seems to me that if the proceedings in a Court are ended,
then, unless there is an attack on the Court itself, the mere making of
statements as to the proceedings must be dealt with by the ordinary law of
libel or slander if they are misrepresentations and go beyond what is legally
permissible_. …

[emphasis in original]

Our decision on the substantive issue raised in this appeal

12 The Appellant raised a number of issues, but in our view, there was only
one substantive issue that was material to the appeal. That issue was whether,
in the circumstances of this case, the Respondents could be liable for
contempt of court for publicly misrepresenting the nature or substance of the
27 February 2004 Court Order.

13 Before us, counsel for the Appellant contended that _Dunn v Bevan; Brodie v
Bevan_ [1922] 1 Ch 276 (“ _Dunn v Bevan_ ”) was only concerned with the
specific risk of prejudicing ongoing proceedings and could not be read any
wider, and that it did not decide that an interference with the administration
of justice could never take place after the proceedings had ended. It was also
pointed out that _Dunn v Bevan_ was concerned with an application for an
injunction to prevent the respondent in that case from issuing circulars
misrepresenting what the court had decided, and not an application to cite the
respondent for contempt of court.

14 Counsel also pointed out that in _Dunn v Bevan_ , the plaintiffs had issued
circulars misrepresenting the proceedings in court where no order of court was
made, unlike in the instant case. It was argued that the 1st Respondent had,
by placing the Advertisements, misled the public into thinking that the
Appellant’s assets had been frozen pursuant to an existing judgment of the
High Court of Singapore. It was also argued that the 1st Respondent, in
publishing the Advertisements, had falsely resurrected an order of court which
has been set aside, and that the publication of that order in the Indonesian
newspapers amounted to fabricating a court order to injure the commercial
reputation of the Appellant. Counsel referred to _Re Bineet Kumar Singh_ AIR
2001 SC 2018, where the Supreme Court of India held that the utilisation of a
fabricated court order amounted to contempt of court. Counsel contended that
for these reasons, _Dunn v Bevan_ could be distinguished or should not be
followed.

15 Counsel also referred to a statement in the judgment of the Federal Court
of Australia in _Tobacco Institute of Australia Limited v Australian
Federation of Consumer Organisations Inc (No 2)_ (1993) 41 FCR 89 (“ _Tobacco
Institute of Australia_ ”), where Sheppard J declared (at 92):

[T]he court will be astute to see to it that the public will not be misled by
statements attributed to it and used out of context. If it emerged that that
had occurred, the contempt of court which would be involved would be most
serious and the punishment for it appropriate to its seriousness.

In other words, as observed in a note on this case, P W Young, “Current
Topics” (1993) 67 ALJ 487 at 489:

[I]f a person misrepresents the decision of the court in what he or she says
or in what he or she omits from saying, then there may be contempt of court
which in appropriate cases will be punished severely.

16 We rejected these arguments. They showed that counsel for the Appellant had
misunderstood the law. The misrepresentation of a court order cannot interfere
with the administration of justice. As Wills J said in _R v Parke_ [1903] 2 KB
432 at 438, “[i]t is possible very effectually to poison the fountain of
justice before it begins to flow. It is not possible to do so when the stream
has ceased”.

17 However, it is possible to damage the fountain of justice at any time by
undermining public confidence in the administration of justice by baseless and
unwarranted attacks on the integrity or impartiality of the courts and judges.
Scurrilous abuse of a judge _qua_ judge has the same effect. Scurrilous and
unwarranted attacks on the Judiciary as an institution are certainly an
aggravated form of contempt. Hence, in the present case, the Advertisements
would only amount to a contempt of court if they amounted to scandalising the
court, which they could not possibly do since they carried no suggestion as to
the conduct of the court. Any person reading the Advertisements in Indonesia
without any knowledge of the background would be none the wiser as to the
truth or otherwise of what they purported to say. There was no question of the
Advertisements amounting to disobedience of the 27 February 2004 Court Order
or of thwarting its purpose (since the order was a negative order), nor could
they amount to fabricating a court order.

18 The decision in _Dunn v Bevan_ is clearly correct in principle. In that
case, the misleading statements were made in a circular after judgment was
given. The plaintiff sought an injunction to restrain the publication of the
misleading statements. Sargant J refused to grant the injunction on the ground
that the action being at an end and judgment having been delivered, there
could be no possible interference with the course of justice by the issue of
the circular, even if it misrepresented the judgment and the proceedings, or
was calculated to injure one of the parties. Sargant J held that any such
publication must be left to be dealt with by the ordinary law of libel.
Finally, as pointed out by counsel for the Respondents, counsel for the
Appellant had misread the decision in _Tobacco Institute of Australia_ as in
that case, the publication was made when proceedings were extant, and,
therefore, the subject matter of the publication was _sub judice_.

19 In our view, the Judge was correct in applying _Dunn v Bevan_ in this case.
No issue of interfering with the administration of justice arose since the
court had already made its decision, in this case, more than six years ago.

Conclusion

20 For the foregoing reasons, we dismissed this appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

