Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Chin Heng _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 7

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 310 of 2010 (DAC 67022 and 67023 of
2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Peter Ong Lip Cheng (Peter Ong & Raymond Tan) for the
appellant; Edwin San (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Chin Heng — Public Prosecutor  
  
11 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant was a 41-year old who was convicted on two charges under the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The first was a charge under s 170 for
impersonating a police officer. The second was for using criminal force, an
offence punishable under s 352 of the Penal Code. The offences in both charges
were committed on 11 May 2007 in a hotel room in Geylang. The appellant first
requested sexual services from a woman of Chinese nationality (“the
complainant”). Under cross-examination the complainant admitted to being a
prostitute. They went up to a room in Hotel 81 nearby and there the appellant
showed the complainant a card and identified himself as a police officer. The
complainant was not able to verify if the card was a genuine police
identification card, which, in the event, it was not. The appellant then took
out a piece of paper with English writing the content of which the complainant
was not able to make out. He told the complainant that other girls had been
arrested and he then bound the complainant’s hands with plastic cable bonds.
The complainant became frightened. The appellant then told her that he would
release her if she stayed with him till dawn. She agreed and they had sexual
intercourse during that time. After that the appellant brought the complainant
to a convenience store to buy a phone card. The complainant did not report the
events to the police until the next day when she was arrested in a raid by the
police anti-vice squad. In the course of this arrest the complainant realized
that the appellant was a fraud and thus lodged a complainant leading to the
two charges against him.

2 The appellant was convicted at trial and sentenced to 12 months’
imprisonment on the first charge (impersonation) and one month on the second
charge (criminal intimidation). The trial judge ordered the two sentences to
run consecutively. The appellant appealed against both conviction and
sentence. Mr Peter Ong, counsel for the appellant submitted that although the
appeal against conviction was an appeal on facts, the evidence showed that the
trial judge ought to have disbelieved the complainant. He submitted that the
appellant had paid her $60 for the sexual intercourse but did not pay her for
the additional service of staying over the night and that was her motive for
reporting him to the police. This submission was also made before the trial
judge.

3 In a case such as this where the principal evidence is largely based on the
oral testimony of the witnesses, an appellate court will not overturn the
findings of fact made by the trial judge unless there is obvious evidence on
the record that the facts were wrong. For example, had the court found that
the appellant produced a paper with English writing when the paper produced as
an exhibit in court was in fact written in Chinese (this was not the case here
and this example was used only as an illustration). In that event, the appeal
court may overrule the finding of fact and then proceed to determine if that
had a material bearing on the outcome of the trial. Findings of fact include
inferences drawn from the facts found, and in the case where an appeal was
based on an inference drawn from the facts, the appeal court will not overrule
the inference unless it was an unreasonable inference. The term “unreasonable”
will usually be used with great respect because trial judges, especially
experienced ones, must be presumed to be competent to make reasonable
inferences from the facts they have found.

4 The evidence in this case was largely based on the oral testimony of the
complainant. There is no presumption that a prostitute’s evidence cannot be
accepted without corroboration although the circumstances surrounding the
offence may be relevant in determining whether the evidence ought to be
accepted or whether the appellant ought to be given the benefit of the doubt.
There was nothing before me to indicate that the facts found by the trial
judge were wrong. The appeal against conviction was therefore dismissed.

5 Counsel then argued that the sentences were too harsh, especially in the
case of the second charge where the maximum sentence was three months’
imprisonment or a fine up to $500 or both imprisonment and fine (the provision
on sentence has since been amended but does not affect the appellant here).
The maximum sentence for impersonating a police officer was two years’
imprisonment or fine, or both imprisonment and fine. In exercising his
discretion, the trial judge took into account the previous convictions and
record of the appellant. He found that the appellant had been convicted on 12
charges for various offences, including impersonation, in a period of 18 years
in which the appellant had been imprisoned for some of them. In those
circumstances, the sentences imposed, even if ordered to run consecutively,
were not manifestly excessive. There being no other material or relevant
reason to interfere with the sentences imposed, the appeal against sentence
was also dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

