Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hon Industries Pte Ltd _v_ Wan Sheng Hao Construction Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 247

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 628 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Julian Sebastian Lim Huat Sing (Jlim & Chew Law
Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lim Ker Sheon and Wee Qian Liang (Characterist
LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Hon Industries Pte Ltd — Wan Sheng Hao Construction Pte Ltd  
  
16 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Eunice Chua AR:

1 Although it is settled law that an adjudication determination under the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the SOPA”) may be set aside where the adjudicator has exceeded his
jurisdiction or acted in breach of natural justice, the precise contours of
the former appear to be in a state of flux, whereas the latter has yet to
receive significant attention. Nevertheless, this state of affairs proved no
barrier to the present application, where both issues arise, and after hearing
the submissions of counsel, I reserved judgment to properly consider the
matter.

Background

2 The plaintiff and the defendant are both contractors in the business of
building and construction. By a letter of award dated 12 April 2010, the
plaintiff appointed the defendant to carry out various development works at
MacRitchie Reservoir Park (“the site”). The defendant commenced works shortly
after.

3 Disputes arose between the parties and by December 2010, the defendant had
largely ceased work on the site. Nevertheless, it was not disputed that
rectification works continued after that. On 31 March 2011, the defendant
served a document titled “Progress Claim No. 8” on the plaintiff for the sum
of $672,569.97. When this sum was not paid, the defendant filed an
adjudication application, SOP/AA059, on 19 April 2011. An adjudicator (“the
Adjudicator”) was appointed on 27 April 2011. The plaintiff served its
adjudication response on 29 April 2011.

4 After considering the submissions of the parties, the Adjudicator called for
an adjudication conference (“the Adjudication Conference”) on 4 May 2011. The
parties were then given an opportunity to make final submissions. On 26 May
2011, the Adjudicator issued an adjudication determination (“the Adjudication
Determination”), finding in favour of the defendant and ordering the plaintiff
to pay the defendant the claimed sum of $672,569.97 plus interest and costs.
The defendant obtained leave to enforce the Adjudication Determination on 28
June 2011 by way of Originating Summons No 486 of 2011. Dissatisfied, the
plaintiff took out the present application on 25 July 2011to set aside the
Adjudication Determination on the following grounds:

(a) Progress Claim No. 8 was not a valid payment claim under the SOPA;

(b) even if Progress Claim No. 8 was a valid payment claim under the SOPA, it
was served out of time and time-barred; and

(c) the Adjudicator breached the rules of natural justice.

5 It is worth noting that in the course of the adjudication, the plaintiff had
raised the issue of the timeliness of the service of Progress Claim No. 8 only
at the stage of making final submissions, after the Adjudication Conference
had taken place. The issue of service was not one of the original issues
agreed upon by the parties at the Adjudication Conference. As for the issue of
the validity of Progress Claim No. 8 as a payment claim under the SOPA, this
was never raised as an issue at any stage of the adjudication. Rather, the
plaintiff had, throughout the adjudication process, sought to establish that
it had, by way of a letter dated 12 April 2011, served on the defendant a
valid payment response under the SOPA to Progress Claim No. 8.

Issues

6 The main issues that arose in the present application are as follows:

(a) Whether Progress Claim No. 8 constituted a valid payment claim (“the
validity issue”);

(b) If so, whether Progress Claim No. 8 was served on time (“the service
issue”); and

(c) In any event, whether there were breaches of natural justice that
warranted the setting aside of the Adjudication Determination.

7 The defendant also raised a preliminary issue of whether the plaintiff was
estopped from raising the validity issue and the service issue because they
had not been brought up during the Adjudication Conference. I will deal with
the preliminary issue before considering the other issues.

The preliminary issue

8 In my judgment, the plaintiff was not estopped from raising the validity
issue and the service issue.

9 Dealing with the service issue first, I observe that the service issue _was_
considered by the Adjudicator in the Adjudication Determination as it had been
raised by the plaintiff in its final submissions. I saw no reason to limit the
scope of what was permissible for the plaintiff to argue in the present
application to the issues agreed on at the Adjudication Conference where the
Adjudicator had not so limited himself in the Adjudication Determination; the
defendant provided no authorities to persuade me otherwise. There was
therefore no basis for the defendant to object to the consideration of the
service issue in the present application on the ground of estoppel.

10 This, however, could not be said of the validity issue, which did not arise
in any form throughout the entire adjudication process. Nevertheless, the
plaintiff argued that the fact that the validity issue did not arise in the
adjudication process was no bar to it being raised before a court, because the
validity issue went to the jurisdiction of the adjudicator.

11 The plaintiff relied on _Chip Hup_ _Hup Kee v Ssangyong Engineering &
Construction_ [2010] 1 SLR 658 (“ _Chip Hup_ ”) at [44], where Judith Prakash
J stated:

...if the tribunal concerned does not have [jurisdiction in the strict sense
of capacity to hear], _any party to the dispute may assert the lack of
jurisdiction at any stage and can never be held to be estopped from doing so
or to have waived its right of protest_.

[emphasis added]

The plaintiff recognised that Prakash J concluded (at [59] of _Chip Hup_) that
the adjudicator possessed jurisdiction to hear and determine the adjudication
application filed by the claimant _as soon as he accepted the appointment made
by the Singapore Mediation Centre_ , but submitted that in the light of
subsequent decisions of the High Court, the validity issue should be taken to
be a jurisdictional one.

12 Before exploring this matter further, I note at this juncture that the
service issue appears to have been recognised as a jurisdictional issue the
determination of which may lead to the setting aside of an adjudication
determination (see Prakash J’s decision in _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy
Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 733 (“ _SEF Construction_ ”) at [45(b)]; Lee
Seiu Kin J’s decision in _Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd v
Italcor Pte Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 459 (_“Sungdo_ ”) at [32]; and Tay Yong Kwang
J’s decision in _Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) v Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence)_ [2011] SGHC 109
(“ _Chua Say Eng_ ”) at [29]).

13 The validity issue presents more difficulty as the judgments of the High
Court do not speak with one voice on the matter. To provide a brief overview
of these positions, I can do no better than quote Tay J’s summary of the law
in _Chua Say Eng_ at [13]–[21], describing the developments after _Chip Hup_ :

13 About two months after her decision in _Chip Hup_ , Prakash J set out her
views in [_SEF Construction_] on the court’s role when asked to set aside an
adjudication determination or a judgment arising from the same. She said at
[42]:

42 Accordingly, instead of reviewing the merits (in any direct or indirect
fashion), _it is my view that the court's role must be limited to supervising
the appointment and conduct of the adjudicator to ensure that the statutory
provisions governing such appointment and conduct are adhered to and that the
process of the adjudication, rather than the substance, is proper_. After all,
in any case, even if the adjudicator does make an error of fact or law in
arriving at his adjudication determination, such error can be rectified or
compensated for in subsequent arbitration or court proceedings initiated in
accordance with the contract between the claimant and the respondent and
intended to resolve all contractual disputes that have arisen.

[emphasis added]

14 To further elucidate the limits of the court’s role, Prakash J had regard
to the New South Wales Court of Appeal (“NSW CA”) case of _Brodyn Pty Ltd v
Davenport_ [2004] NSWCA 394 (“ _Brodyn_ ”). In _Brodyn_ , Hodgson JA first
stated (at [51]) that the scheme of the equivalent New South Wales Act (“the
NSW Act”) “appears strongly against the availability of judicial review on the
basis of non-jurisdictional error of law.” The judge went on (at [53]) to
consider what the conditions for the existence of an adjudicator’s
determination were:

The basic and essential requirements appear to include the following:

1\. The existence of a construction contract between the claimant and the
respondent, to which the Act applies (ss 7 and 8).

_2_. _The service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s
13)_.

3\. The making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating authority (s 17).

4\. The reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator, who accepts
the application (ss 18 and 19).

5\. The determination by the adjudicator of this application (ss 19(2) and
21(5)), by determining the amount of the progress payment, the date on which
it becomes or became due and the rate of interest payable (ss 22(1)) and the
issue of a determination in writing (ss 22(3)(a))."

[emphasis added]

As for more detailed statutory requirements of the NSW Act such as “section
13(2) as to the content of payment claims; section 17 as to the time when an
adjudication application can be made and as to its contents”, Hodgson JA
disapproved of the approach which asked “whether an error by the adjudicator
in determining whether any of these requirements is satisfied is a
jurisdictional or non-jurisdictional error” as he thought that approach
“tended to cast the net too widely”. He preferred to ask “whether a
requirement being considered was intended by the legislature to be an
essential pre-condition for the existence of an adjudicator's determination.”
(see _Brodyn_ at [54])

15 At [44] and [45] of _SEF Construction_ , Prakash J adopted Hodgson JA’s
discussion on the basic and essential requirements ...

16 Although sub-paragraph (b) of [45] in _SEF Construction_ … included the
service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim, Prakash J made
clear at [46] of _SEF Construction_ that whether a purported payment claim was
actually a payment claim under the SOPA was an issue for the adjudicator ...

17 Prakash J next decided the case of _AM Associates (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Laguna National Golf and Country Club Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 260 (“ _AM Associates_
”), in which she applied her holdings in _SEF Construction_. The respondent in
the adjudication proceedings there applied to set aside the adjudication
determination on the basis that the payment claim it was served with (“Payment
Claim 1”) was not a valid payment claim under the SOPA. Prakash J held (at
[20]):

... It was not my place to determine whether Payment Claim 1 was a valid
payment claim or not. This was an enquiry that fell squarely within the
jurisdiction of the Adjudicator and it is one that he recognised and dealt
with. _What the court would be concerned with is whether prior to making an
adjudication application the claimant had served a purported payment claim_.
In this case, Payment Claim 1 had been served by AMA and _whether it was
actually a “payment claim” within the meaning of that term under the SOP Act,
was a mixed question of law and fact for the Adjudicator_ , who would be privy
to the facts, _to decide_.

[emphasis added]

_Sungdo Engineering_

18 Shortly after the _AM Associates_ decision, Lee Seiu Kin J (“Lee J”)
decided the case of [_Sungdo_]. …

…

20 Significantly, Lee J disagreed with Prakash J’s statements at [56] of [C
_hip Hup_] …, stating (at [32]) that:

... While I agree that the jurisdiction of the adjudicator is not vested until
his appointment by an ANB (“authorised nominating body”), _I am, with respect,
unable to agree that jurisdiction is not affected by an invalid Payment Claim
or service thereof_. The power of the ANB to appoint an adjudicator arises
from the receipt of an adjudication application from a claimant, and that is
predicated by a whole chain of events initiated by the service of a Payment
Claim by the claimant on the respondent under s 10 of the Act. It must follow
that if the claimant had failed to serve a Payment Claim, or to serve
something that constitutes a Payment Claim, the power to appoint an
adjudicator for that particular claim has not arisen.

[emphasis added]

As for Prakash J’s view at [46] of _SEF Construction_ (see [16] above) that
whether or not a purported payment claim is actually a payment claim under the
SOPA is an issue for the adjudicator and not the court, Lee J went on to say
at [34] that

... In principle, if the validity of a Payment Claim goes to jurisdiction, I
do not see how a court is precluded from examining this issue on judicial
review and I would, with respect, disagree with this.

21 Lee J then distinguished _SEF Construction_ on the basis that in any event,
the 2008 Letter did not _purport_ to be a payment claim under the SOPA as
nothing therein stated that it was so. Finally, notwithstanding Lee J’s
disagreement in principle with Prakash J, he stated that in practice, where a
document did purport to be a payment claim under the SOPA, the court should
only review an adjudicator’s decision that it was indeed a valid payment claim
under the SOPA on the basis of _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness (see _Associated
Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223)…

14 In short, although Prakash J has, _inter alia_ , in _SEF Construction_
taken the position that the validity issue is an issue for the adjudicator and
not for the court, implying that it is not a matter for the court’s
consideration in a setting aside application, Lee J had respectfully disagreed
in _Sungdo_ , concluding that the court may review an adjudicator’s decision
on the validity issue and that where a document purports to be a payment claim
under the SOPA, the court may conduct its review on the basis of _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness.

15 Tay J in _Chua Say Eng_ (at [28]) agreed with the position taken by Lee J,
having regard to the New South Wales Court of Appeal decision of _Chase Oyster
Bar v Hamo Industries_ [2010] NSWCA 190. That case was decided after _SEF
Construction_ , and had departed from the position in _Brodyn Pty Ltd v
Davenport_ [2004] NSWCA (which was followed in _SEF Construction_) to favour a
less restrictive approach towards the question of what constitutes a
jurisdictional issue in the context of an application to set aside an
adjudication determination.

16 It appears then, at present, that the weight of authority reflects an
approach where the failures to comply with the specifications of time and
other requirements laid down in the SOPA become open to the court’s scrutiny
on the basis that the parties’ rights to avail themselves of the unique
mechanism provided by the SOPA depended on strict compliance with it. However,
where an adjudicator had previously considered such jurisdictional issues,
then consistent with the aim of the SOPA to “[maintain] cash flow in the
[construction] industry” by providing “a fast track procedure for an interim
decision in respect of a disputed payment claim” (_per_ Prakash J in _Chip
Hup_ at [57]), an adjudicator’s determination ought not to be reviewed too
extensively. In _Sungdo_ and _Chua Say Eng_ , the threshold for review has
been pegged at the standard of _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness. In particular,
with respect to the validity issue, the key question for the court to
determine would be whether a purported payment claim had been made according
to the rules established in _Sungdo_ and _Chua Say Eng_. Although in the
present case the validity issue had not arisen for consideration by the
Adjudicator, it was not disputed by the plaintiff and defendant that the
reasoning in _Sungdo_ and _Chua Say Eng_ remained relevant.

17 I therefore proceed to consider the substance of the plaintiff’s claims in
respect of both the service issue and the validity issue.

Whether Progress Claim No. 8 constituted a valid payment claim

18 The plaintiff argued that Progress Claim No. 8 was not a valid payment
claim for the following reasons:

(a) it was not intended by the defendant as a payment claim under the SOPA,
and even if it did, such intention was not communicated to the plaintiff;

(b) it was made in breach of reg 5(1) of the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Regulations 2005 (Cap 30B, Reg 1, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the SOP Regulations”) as two payment claims had been served in the month of
March 2011; and

(c) it was made in breach of s 10(1) of the SOPA as the defendant had served
more than one payment claim for a progress payment.

Whether Progress Claim No. 8 was intended as a payment claim under the SOPA
and if so, whether such intention was communicated

19 The plaintiff’s first argument was a factual one. According to the
plaintiff, its usual course of dealings with the defendant was such that a
payment claim would only be made by the defendant after the plaintiff had
issued an interim certification of the value of the works done by the
defendant. The defendant’s unilateral issuance of Progress Claim No. 8 was not
in line with this usual practice. Additionally, the plaintiff also argued that
after the works had ceased in December 2010, the defendant began haphazardly
submitting various progress claims, sometimes two times in the same month and
differing in format and style. In this context, it could not be said that the
intention to make a payment claim via Progress Claim No. 8 had been
communicated to the plaintiff. Further, the cover letter enclosing Progress
Claim No. 8 stated that it was submitted “for work done ending up to 25th
March 2011 for your kind certification”. The plaintiff also relied on an
alleged admission in an affidavit made on behalf of the defendant where a
director of the defendant had stated that “Progress Claim No. 8 was _simply a
progress claim asking for payment_ ” [emphasis added] to argue that it was not
intended as a payment claim under the SOPA.

20 Counsel for the defendant emphasised that the plaintiff had not challenged
the validity of Progress Claim No. 8 as a payment claim under the SOPA until
the present application, despite being represented by counsel throughout. It
also relied on _Sungdo_ (at [17]) for the proposition that “there is no
requirement for a payment claim to expressly state that it is made under the
SOPA for it to be a valid payment claim under [the SOPA]”.

21 I was not persuaded by the plaintiff’s arguments and set out the material
parts of the cover letter to Progress Claim No. 8 for ease of reference:

Attn: Ms Samantha Ng / Mr Oh Kim Guan /Mr William Neo

**PROPOSED REDEVELOPMENT TO MACRITCHIE RESERVOIR PARK PHASE 2**

**_CONTRACT NO: CW-DD/3090216_**

**SUBJECT : SUBMISSION OF PROGRESS CLAIM NO.8**

**Dear Sir/Madam** ,

With reference to the abovementioned, we are pleased to submit herewith the
**Progress Claim No.8** for workdone ending up to 25th March 2011 for your
kind certification.

**CLAIM SUMMARY**

|  TOTAL VALUE OF WORK DONE AS AT 25/03/2011 |  $ **1,314,752.39**  
---|---|---  
|  Less Retention Sum (10%) |  $ (131,475.24)  
|  |  $1,183,277.15  
|  Less Profit Entitlement (6.5%) |  $ (76,913.01)  
|  TOTAL CLAIM |  $1,106,364.14  
|  Less previous payment |  $ (477,794.35)  
|  **THIS CLAIM AMOUNT** |  $ 628,569.79  
|  Add 7% GST* |  $ 43,999.89  
|  **TOTAL THIS CLAIM AMOUT WITH GST** |  $ **672,569.67**  
**SINGAPORE DOLLARS : SIX HUNDRED SEVENTY-TWO THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED SIXTY-NINE
AND CENTS SIXTY-SEVEN ONLY**  
  
  

Please refer the attached Breakdown for details.

We trust that the aforesaid claim is in order and look forward to your prompt
payment.

Thank you.

Yours Faithfully

For **Wan Sheng Hao Construction Pte Ltd**

[_signed_]

Jessica Chen

Director

Enc. Detailed Breakdown and Attachments

Acknowledgement of Receipt of the Claim

[_signed_]

Signature

_HR [handwritten_]

Name / Position

_31/3 [handwritten_]

Date

22 First, it was apparent that Progress Claim No. 8, was “a business-like
document” and from its contents, it was apparent that it was claiming that a
sum of money was due (see _Chua Say Eng_ at [31]). Although a sentence in the
cover letter had referred to work done for the plaintiff’s “certification”, it
must have been evident to the plaintiff that payment was sought from the rest
of the document, for example, in the penultimate sentence “[w]e trust that the
aforesaid claim is in order and look forward to your prompt payment”. The
reference to “certification” was also consistent with the dealings between the
parties described by the plaintiff where the whole purpose of certification by
the plaintiff was so that the defendant could obtain payment for work done.
The plaintiff’s argument taken to its logical conclusion would mean that due
to the earlier course of dealings between the parties, the defendant would be
barred from making any claims for payment unless the plaintiff had on its own
initiative certified payments as being due. This was not commercially
sensible.

23 Second, as established in _Sungdo_ (at [17]), it was not necessary for the
payment claim to state expressly that it was made under the SOPA, although
this would have been the clearest way to communicate such an intention. The
only formal requirements for validity under the SOPA are found in s 10(3) and
reg 5(2) of the SOP Regulations that provide for every payment claim to be in
writing, to identify the relevant contract and contain details of the claimed
amount (see _Chua Say Eng_ at [38]). It is not disputed that any of these
formal requirements have not been met in respect of Progress Claim No. 8.

24 Third, an important factor was that the plaintiff had by seeking to prove
that it had made a valid payment response in the course of the adjudication
whilst not taking any issue with the validity of the payment claim, apparently
understood at the material time that Progress Claim No. 8 was intended as a
payment claim under the SOPA. In this context, counsel for the plaintiff’s
argument that the plaintiff had been “ambushed” by Progress Claim No. 8, which
was “disguised” as a valid payment claim, rang hollow. It was apparent from
the plaintiff’s arguments in the adjudication that it had treated Progress
Claim No. 8 as a payment claim under the SOPA.

25 Fourth, although it was true that previous progress claims had been made
where non-payment was not followed with an adjudication application,
including: (a) a $464,412.20 “Progress Claim for Work Done Up to: 31/Dec/2010”
on 17 January 2011; (b) a $502,755.53 “Progress Claim For Work Done Up To:
25/Dec/2010” on a subsequent unstated date; and (c) a $395,755.53 tax invoice
“Being 7th Progress Claim” on 10 March 2011, this was but one factor and
considering all the circumstances of the case, would not lead me to conclude
that Progress Claim No. 8 was not intended as a payment claim under the SOPA.
Further, these earlier claim documents were of a different nature from
Progress Claim No. 8, which was accompanied by a formal cover letter, with
provision for the plaintiff to sign as “Acknowledgement of Receipt of the
Claim”. I also did not think that the statement in the affidavit made on
behalf of the defendant, read in context, could be treated as an admission
that the defendant did not intend Progress Claim No. 8 to be a payment claim
under the SOPA.

26 In _Sungdo_ , Lee J came to the conclusion that the payment claim in
question was not a valid payment claim under the SOPA for five reasons: (a)
the defendant did not communicate its intention to the plaintiff that it was a
payment claim under the SOPA (there was no mention in the covering letter of a
claim being made under the SOPA or any other communication that would alert
the plaintiff of the nature of the document); (b) _the plaintiff did not treat
it as a payment claim_ (no payment response was provided); (c) events prior to
the service of the letter suggested that it was not a payment claim (there
were previous instances where invoices had been submitted but no adjudication
application followed, _a writ was filed in court and parties had filed
pleadings before the alleged payment claim was sent_); (d) the contents of the
covering letter did not suggest it was a payment claim due _inter alia_ , to
its _informality_ (the alleged payment claim was titled “Letter from Italcor
to Sungdo”, contained a festive greeting, the person signing the letter was
not identified, and the date was handwritten); and (e) it was _against public
policy_ to leave scope for potential claimants to ambush respondents by making
multiple submissions of documents and applying for adjudication the minute the
respondent failed to provide a payment response _even after litigation had
been commenced_. I have set out these reasons in some detail to illustrate the
unusual circumstances present in _Sungdo_. Based on the facts I have
enumerated above (at [21]–[25]), the present case was evidently quite
different from _Sungdo_.

Whether Progress Claim No. 8 was made in breach of reg 5(1) of the SOP
Regulations

27 It is not disputed that reg 5(1) of the SOP Regulations applied in the
present case and provided as follows:

**5.** —(1) Where a contract does not contain any provision specifying the
time at which a payment claim shall be served or by which such time may be
determined, then a payment claim made under the contract shall be served by
the last day of each month following the month in which the contract is made.

28 The plaintiff argued that relying on Tay J’s analysis in _Chua Say Eng_ and
on a literal interpretation of reg 5(1), only one payment claim may be served
each month by the last day of each month. It argued that the document titled
“TAX INVOICE” dated 10 March 2011 and described as “Being 7th Progress Claim”
and containing a breakdown of the “Total Work Done As At 25/12/2010” (“the 10
March 2011 document”) (referred to at [25] above) was a purported payment
claim and there were therefore two purported payment claims in March 2011.
This was not permissible under reg 5(1).

29 Without going into the correctness of the plaintiff’s interpretation of the
law, this argument hinged on the 10 March 2011 document being a payment claim
or at least a purported payment claim under the SOPA. I find that this could
not be the case as the 10 March 2011 failed to comply with reg 5(2)(_c_) of
the SOP Regulations, which required a payment claim to contain details of the
claimed amount, including:

(i) a breakdown of the items constituting the claimed amount;

(ii) a description of these items;

(iii) the quantity or quantum of each item; and

(iv) the calculations which show how the claimed amount is derived

30 The only calculation contained in the 10 March 2011 document was:

Item |  Description |  Quantity |  Unit Price |  Amount  
---|---|---|---|---  
1) |  Total Work Done As At 25/12/2010 |  |  |  $1,028,388.29  
|  Add: Variation Order |  |  |  $97,766.59  
|  Total |  |  |  $1,126,154.88  
|  Less: 10% Retention |  |  |  $ (112,615.49)  
|  Net Amount: |  |  |  $1,013,539.39  
|  Less: Profit Entitlement |  |  |  $ (65,880.06)  
|  Sub-Total |  |  |  $947,659.93  
|  Less : Previous Payment (1st to 5th) |  |  |  $ (477,794.35)  
|  This Claim |  |  |  $469,864.98  
|  Add 7% GST |  |  |  $32,890.55  
|  Total Amount Included GST |  |  |  $502,755.53  
|  Less : 6th Claim Yet to Received – WSH/008/11 |  |  |  $ (107,000.00)  
|  Total Amount Including GST [handwritten] |  |  |  $395,755.53  
  
  

There was no breakdown of the work done or a particularisation of the
description, quantity, quantum or the unit price of each item of work. Unlike
Progress Claim No. 8, such a detailed breakdown was also not attached. The 10
March 2011 could not therefore be a payment claim under the SOPA.

31 I would also add that apart from failing to meet the formal requirements
for validity under the SOP Regulations, it was clear to me that the 10 March
2011 document could not have been a _purported_ payment claim under the SOPA,
_ie_ , it could not have been intended as a payment claim under the SOPA (see
_Sungdo_ at [20]). It took the form of an unremarkable tax invoice and it was
marked “Attn: Account Department”, without any specific person’s attention
being drawn to it. It was signed by an “Authorized Signature” who was not
identified and contained the handwritten words “Total Amount including GST”,
reflecting a certain degree of informality. There was additionally no attempt
made whatsoever to describe and quantify the work done as evident from the
lack of content in the columns “Quantity” and “Unit Price”. These facts did
not suggest any sort of intention for the 10 March 2011 to be treated as a
payment claim under the SOPA.

32 I therefore find that Progress Claim No. 8 was not in breach of reg 5(1) of
the SOP Regulations.

Whether Progress Claim No. 8 was made in breach of s 10(1) of the SOPA

33 Section 10(1) of the SOPA provides as follows:

**10.** —(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(_a_) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may
be liable to make the payment; or

(_b_) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

34 “Progress payment” is in turn defined by 2 of the SOPA to mean:

... a payment to which a person is entitled for the carrying out of
construction work, or the supply of goods or services, under a contract, and
includes —

(_a_) a single or one-off payment; or

(_b_) a payment that is based on an event or a date;

35 The plaintiff argued that because works had ceased at the site by December
2010 with only rectification works carrying on thereafter, Progress Claim No.
8 although expressed as being for work done “up to 25th March 2011”, was
actually for work done up to 31 December 2010. As the Defendant had previously
submitted other progress claims for work in that period, (see above at [25]) a
further claim for progress payment for works done up to December 2010 could
not be made because this would be in breach of s 10(1) of the SOPA, which only
allowed “ _one_ payment claim in respect of _a_ progress payment” [emphasis
added].

36 This argument hinged on the proposition that rectification works were not
works in respect of which a progress claim could be made. When questioned,
counsel for the plaintiff submitted that rectification works were not
“construction work, or the supply of goods or services” under s 2 of the SOPA
that would entitle the defendant to a progress payment because rectification
works would be paid for out of the retention monies held back by the
plaintiff. However, there was no provision in the contract between the parties
to that effect, neither was there any other evidence on the practices of the
construction industry that could establish such a proposition. In any event, I
observe that excluding rectification works from the concept of “construction
work, or the supply of goods or services” which would entitle a claimant to a
progress payment, would be contrary to s 3 of the SOPA, which defined
“construction work”, “goods” and “services” in a manner that could not on a
reasonable interpretation be read as excluding rectification works.

37 I therefore rejected the plaintiff’s argument that Progress Claim No. 8 was
in breach of s 10(1) of the SOPA and consequently decided against the
plaintiff in respect of the validity issue.

Whether Progress Claim No. 8 was served on time

38 The second challenge brought by the plaintiff to set aside the Adjudication
Determination was the service issue. The plaintiff argued that because all the
works under the contract it had with the defendant had ceased by December 2010
and only rectification works were carried out after December 2010, in
accordance with the interpretation of s 10(2) of the SOPA and reg 5(1) of the
SOP Regulations given by Tay J in _Chua Say Eng_ , Progress Claim No. 8 was
served out of time as it should have been served by 31 January 2011.

39 The defendant argued that the Adjudicator had ample opportunity to consider
the service issue and came to the conclusion that because the contract
continued between the plaintiff and the defendant at the material time, with
the defendant continuing to carry out rectification works as well as payment
negotiations with the plaintiff well into February 2011, Progress Claim No. 8
was served on time (by 31 March 2011), regardless of which interpretation of s
10(2) of the SOPA and reg 5(1) of the SOP Regulations was adopted. There was
therefore no reason to challenge the Adjudicator’s decision as being
unreasonable on a _Wednesbury_ basis. The defendant also sought to distinguish
_Chua Say Eng_ on the basis that this was a case where the defendant was
entitled to claim not only the additional sums due for further works that were
completed in March 2011, but also for all monies previously unpaid at that
point under s 10(4) of the SOPA.

40 Suffice it to say, and for the reasons stated in [36] above, I saw no
reason to disagree with the Adjudicator.

Whether there were breaches of natural justice that warranted the setting
aside of the Adjudication Determination

41 Under s 16(3)(_c_) of the SOPA, an adjudicator is obliged to “comply with
the principles of natural justice.

42 The breach of natural justice complained of by the plaintiff was
essentially that the Adjudicator had, in the Adjudication Determination,
referred to other unpublished adjudication determinations known to the
Adjudicator and that were not cited by the parties. The plaintiff complained
that by failing to allow it an opportunity to address the Adjudicator on these
other adjudication determinations, the Adjudicator had acted in breach of the
natural justice principle _audi_ _alteram_ _partem_. Citing _SEF Construction_
, _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR 86
(“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”), the New Zealand High Court decision in _Trustees of
Rotoaira Forest Trust v Attorney-General_ [1999] 2 NZLR 452 (“ _Rotoaira_ ”)
and the English Court of Appeal decision of _Fox v PG Wellfair Ltd_ [1981] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 514, the plaintiff argued that as long as the adjudicator had
incorporated his own opinions and ideas into the Adjudication Determination,
which were not reasonably foreseeable to the parties, and to the extent that
this had created surprise and deprived them of the right to address full
arguments on those opinions and ideas, the Adjudication Determination ought to
be set aside as being in breach of natural justice.

43 The defendant, on the other hand, argued that the plaintiff’s contention
could not stand as both parties had ample opportunity to present their cases
to the Adjudicator. In any event, the defendant also submitted that no
prejudice was caused to the plaintiff as it was clear from the Adjudication
Determination that the references to the previous adjudication determinations
did not materially affect the Adjudicator’s conclusions. The defendant relied
on the summary of principles in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [65], which was a case
decided in relation to an arbitration award, particularly for the statement
that “an award should be read generously such that only meaningful breaches of
the rules of natural justice that have actually caused prejudice are
ultimately remedied”.

44 It is first important to recognise that what is required by natural justice
depends heavily on the context in which it operates. Prakash J in _SEF
Construction_ at [52] endorsed the views expressed by Assistant Registrar Lim
Jian Yi in _Chip Hup_ _Hup Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 159 at [50] as follows:

Justice, whether performed by a court, a tribunal or any quasi-judicial body,
is a balancing exercise between thoroughness and timeliness. More formal
settings, such as litigation through a court, would tend to emphasis the
former. The adjudication process under the [SOPA] instead chooses a quicker,
but somewhat less thorough, means of achieving justice. This is a general
theme which pervades the [SOPA] and in itself is not a ground for saying that
natural justice has been denied.

45 The Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee_ also recognised at [65(b)] that
fairness was “a multidimensional concept and it would be unfair to the
successful party if it were deprived of the fruits of its labour as a result
of a dissatisfied party raising a multitude of arid technical challenges”. The
“overriding burden [was] on the applicant to show that a reasonable litigant
in his shoes could not have foreseen the possibility of reasoning of the type
revealed in the award” (_Soh Beng Tee_ at [65(d)]). This was a question of
fact and degree to be determined in the individual case (_Rotoaira_ at 162).
Although said in the context of examining an arbitration award, these
principles are equally applicable here.

46 In the present case, it was not disputed that the Adjudicator had in the
Adjudication Determination made various references to other adjudication
determinations that the parties had not cited to him. To that extent, he had
caused surprise. However, this should not in itself lead to the setting aside
of the Adjudication Determination, particularly where these unpublished
adjudication determinations, when read in context, served merely as examples
and illustrations and could not have affected the outcome of the case. In
respect of the reference to AA SOP No 62 of 2011, which the oral and written
submission of the plaintiff focussed on, the Adjudicator had clearly indicated
that he would not be relying on the interpretation of the SOPA and the SOP
Regulations contained in that case but regarded _Chua Say Eng_ as
authoritative. He had also stated that whether he followed the interpretation
in AA SOP No 62 of 2011 or that in _Chua Say Eng_ , the same result would
follow as his decision on the service issue rested on a factual determination
that the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant continued into
February 2011.

47 It was true that the parties were not invited to address the specific
adjudication determinations cited by the Adjudicator, but it could not be
denied that they had ample opportunity to address the _issues_ in question
whether at the Adjudication Conference or through the various rounds of
submissions submitted to the Adjudicator. It cannot be said that a reasonable
litigant in the shoes of the plaintiff could not have foreseen the possibility
of _reasoning of the type revealed in the award_ merely because the particular
examples and references provided by the Adjudicator were not previously known
to it.

48 In my judgment, the Adjudicator had complied with the _audi_ _alteram_
_partem_ principle. The Adjudicator had made known his concerns on the
(contentious) service issue, and had invited parties to address him on _Chua
Say Eng_ and the first instance decision of _Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as
Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) v Lee Wee Lick Terence @ Li Weili Terence_
[2010] SGHC 333, and they had done so. Although his decision on the service
issue did not accept either the plaintiff’s or the defendant’s submission in
their entirety, he was not required or obliged to do so (see _Rotoaira_ at
463; _Soh Beng Tee_ at [65(e)]).

Conclusion

49 For the above reasons, I dismissed the setting aside application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

