Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Valency International Trading Pte Ltd _v_ Alton International Resources
Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 119

Case Number| :| Suit No 196 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 79 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Haridass Ajaib and R Srivathsan (Haridass Ho & Partners)
for the plaintiff/appellant; Toh Kian Sing SC and Ting Yong Hong (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the defendant/respondent.  
Parties| :|  Valency International Trading Pte Ltd — Alton International
Resources Pte Ltd  
  
12 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff’s statement of claim was struck out by the assistant registrar
under Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), O 18 r 19 on the ground that the
plaintiff’s claim was clearly unsustainable in law. The facts that were not in
dispute were as follows.

2 The plaintiff contracted to purchase about 65,000 tons of iron ore for US$86
per ton. Payment was to be made by an irrevocable letter of credit from
Singapore Bank. These terms were set out in an email from the defendant dated
22 July 2009. A series of emails were exchanged between the plaintiff and the
defendant from that date to 27 July 2009 when the plaintiff accepted the
defendant’s offer and confirmed the terms. The terms provided a laycan period
from 1 to 10 August 2009. That being the case, the plaintiff was obliged to
effect payment before 1 August 2009.

3 However, on 28 July 2009 the defendant told the plaintiff that they did not
have the cargo. The contract was intended to be a CFR contract. On 31 July
2009 the defendant told the plaintiff that there was no contract.

4 The above facts were not in dispute. The issue before the assistant
registrar was whether on those facts, the plaintiff’s claim disclosed no cause
of action and ought to be struck out. The defendant counsel succeeded in
persuading the assistant registrar that when a party was in breach, the
innocent party must either choose to accept the breach (and terminate the
contract) or affirm the contract and, in which case, it must perform its part.
In this case, the latter option meant that the plaintiff had to open the
letter of credit in payment. The defendant’s counsel submitted that there was
no third option.

5 Mr Haridass, counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the plaintiff was not
obliged to open the letter of credit when the defendant had stated that there
was no cargo to be exported. Mr Toh, counsel for the defendant submitted that
the position taken by the plaintiff, namely, not performing his part of the
contract even though he had not accepted the defendant’s breach (and
terminated the contract) was clearly rejected by the House of Lords in
_Fercometal S.A.R.L. v Mediterranean Shipping Co. S.A_. [1989] 1 AC 788 (“
_Fercometal_ ”).

6 In my view, even if that was the state of the law in England, it is open to
the plaintiff to argue that _Fercometal_ was either misapplied or should not
be applied in Singapore. That would be an argument in law which will affect
the outcome of the case. It is an argument that should be decided by the trial
judge. Until that point of law is determined, the plaintiff’s case cannot be
struck out at the interlocutory stage. The defendant is entitled to submit no
case to answer at the end of the plaintiff’s case at trial. If counsel is
right and _Fercometal_ applied and should be followed, the plaintiff’s case
will be dismissed by the trial judge at that stage. Until then, the plaintiff
is entitled to argue the application of _Fercometal_ as a point of law.

7 In my view, therefore, the plaintiff’s statement of claim cannot be said to
contain no cause of action until the point of law is determined. That point of
law, touching on the merits, is a matter for the trial judge to decide. The
appeal is therefore allowed with costs in the cause, here and below.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

