Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd (In liquidation) _v_ ITC Ltd and others  
[2011] SGHC 150

Case Number| :| Suit No 1344 of 2002 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 465 of 2010 and
466 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andre Maniam SC and Cheryl Fu (Wongpartnership LLP) for
the plaintiff; Edwin Tong and Colin Chow Zhiquan (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ITC Global Holdings Pte Ltd (In liquidation) — ITC Ltd and others  
  
9 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The present cross-appeals arise from the assistant registrar’s (“the AR”)
decision in respect of the first to third defendants’ (“the three defendants”)
application in summons no 271 of 2010 for the following orders: first, the
order of court dated 13 May 2009 granting the plaintiff (“Global”) leave to
effect service out of jurisdiction to India be set aside; secondly, that
Global’s service of its amended writ of summons (“the Writ”) on the three
defendants be set aside; and thirdly, all proceedings in this suit be stayed
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

2 The AR dismissed the application to set aside the order of court granting
leave to serve the writ out of jurisdiction because Global’s claims raised
serious issues to be tried, there was no non-disclosure of material facts, and
Singapore was the most appropriate forum to hear the dispute. The AR also
dismissed the application to set aside the service of the Writ _vis-à-vis_ the
first defendant (“ITC”) since the Writ was validly served on ITC in accordance
with Indian law. However, the AR held that the Writ was not validly served on
the second and third defendants (“Deveshwar” and “Vaidyanath” respectively)
and that the Singapore court had no discretion to cure this irregularity.
Finally, a temporary stay of proceedings in Singapore was ordered until such
time as Global could show evidence that a claim brought by Global on similar
facts and grounds in the United States in November 1995 had been withdrawn.
ITC was ordered to pay costs to Global, and Global was ordered to pay the
costs of Deveshwar and Vaidyanath.

3 In registrar’s appeal no 466 of 2010, Global appealed against the setting
aside of the service on Deveshwar and Vaidyanath. The three defendants’ appeal
in registrar’s appeal no 465 of 2010 is against the AR’s refusal to set aside
the service on ITC and the order of court dated 13 May 2009, and also his
refusal to order a stay of proceedings. Both sides also appealed against the
consequent costs orders of the AR.

4 Before me, counsel for the parties rightly focused on the issue of whether
Singapore was the _forum conveniens_. That was an essential criterion for
leave to effect service out of jurisdiction, and if decided in the three
defendants’ favour, would also justify a stay of proceedings. The other issues
raised on appeal were not in serious contention, _eg_ whether there was non-
disclosure of material facts in Global’s _ex parte_ application for leave.
Counsel also addressed the issue of whether the service effected on the three
defendants were valid, which is the consequent issue should Singapore be held
to be the _forum conveniens_.

Background

5 In 1992, ITC incorporated Global as a commodities trading company in
Singapore. ITC was incorporated in India and the sole shareholder of
Global.[note: 1] In November 1996, Global was placed under judicial
management.[note: 2] It was put into liquidation on 30 November 2007.
Deveshwar and Vaidyanath are directors of ITC, and were based in India at the
material times. They are also Indian nationals and resident there.

6 In addition to the three defendants in the present appeals, there are twelve
other defendants named in the suit. The fourth to thirteenth defendants are
implicated either as employees of ITC, or directors or employees of Global at
the material time. The fourteenth and fifteenth defendants (“the Chitalias”)
are citizens of the United States of America (“USA”); they controlled a group
of companies incorporated in the USA and Liechtenstein (“the Chitalia Group”).

7 The Chitalia Group was one of Global’s trading partners. In the course of
business, Global gave loans or made advances to the Chitalia Group. In the
suit, Global alleges that the defendants are liable for its losses which
stemmed from two sets of transactions with the Chitalia Group. These will be
referred to as “the Trade Advances” and “the Colombo Rice Transactions”.

8 In relation to the Trade Advances, Global alleged that ITC, acting through
one or several of the second to eleventh defendants, had caused Global to
grant several advances totalling US$9.1m to the Chitalia Group with no
commercial benefit to Global.[note: 3] The Trade Advances, it is alleged, were
made for the benefit of ITC. ITC had sold certain commodities at inflated
prices to the Chitalia Group which then on-sold them to other parties at
substantially lower prices. By doing so, ITC was able to generate paper
profits, whereas the Chitalia Group would book paper losses.[note: 4] Global’s
case is that it was instructed to make the Trade Advances in order to put the
Chitalia Group in funds for them to make payment to ITC. This was necessary
because the Indian foreign exchange regulations required ITC to collect
payment for the invoiced sales of commodities from the Chitalia Group within
180 days, and the Chitalia Group lacked the means to do so.

9 As for the Colombo Rice Transactions, Global alleged that in 1994, ITC
directed it to purchase from the Chitalia Group about 34,000 metric tons of
rice held in Colombo, Sri Lanka. This rice was originally sold by ITC to the
Chitalia Group in March 1993.[note: 5] Global further alleged that it derived
no commercial benefit from purchasing this rice, and ITC had agreed to
indemnify Global regarding any losses it suffered in relation to this
purchase.[note: 6] Global claimed it suffered losses of US$9m as a direct
consequence of this purchase – from the resale of the rice to third parties
and from being unable to trade in other profitable commodities because of
having committed its resources to the Colombo Rice Transactions.[note: 7]

10 Global commenced this suit in November 2002 through its liquidators. The
causes of action pleaded against the three defendants arising from the Trade
Advances include tort,[note: 8] contract,[note: 9] restitution,[note: 10]
breach of fiduciary duties[note: 11] and breach of statutory duties under the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“Companies Act”).[note: 12] Global’s
claim arising from the Colombo Rice Transactions is for an indemnity given by
ITC for its losses.[note: 13]

The law on service out of jurisdiction

11 The requirements to be satisfied before the court will grant leave for
service out of jurisdiction are well-settled. First, the claim must come
within the scope of one or more of the paragraphs of O 11 r 1 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). Second, the claim must have a
sufficient degree of merit. Third, Singapore must be the _forum conveniens_.

12 As indicated earlier, there was no serious challenge that the first and
second requirements were satisfied. Reading the Writ together with Mr Neo Ban
Chuan’s (“Mr Neo”) affidavits filed on behalf of Global as Global’s
liquidator, it was clear that there is a good, arguable case that at least
rules 1(_f_)(i), 1(_f_)(ii), 1(_o_), 1(_q_) and 1(_s_) of O 11 of the ROC have
been made out. The defendants’ objections lay mainly in what they claimed was
a lack of particulars regarding the offending acts, the link between those
acts and the defendants, and the causal link between the acts and Global’s
losses. These objections, however, were refuted by the obvious and consistent
evidence in the form of various documents provided by Nr Neo which suggested
that ITC had instructed Global to make the Trade Advances to the Chitalia
Group[note: 14] and that ITC would indemnify Global for losses it may sustain
in respect of the Colombo Rice Transactions.[note: 15]

13 There was also no non-disclosure of material facts, contrary to what
counsel for the three defendants (“Mr Tong”) argued. The material fact
concerned was a decision made by Belinda Ang J on 30 January 2009. She had
refused to grant leave for service out of jurisdiction on Global’s previous
application for such leave because the Writ had lacked sufficient particulars
for the court to make out whether there was a good, arguable case. Counsel for
Global (“Mr Maniam”) pointed out that Belinda Ang J’s grounds of decision were
neither available at the time the fresh application for leave was made nor at
the time of the hearing of the _ex parte_ application. In any event, I am
satisfied that Mr Neo’s affidavit[note: 16] filed on 9 April 2009 and the
documents it exhibited have since cured the defects highlighted by Belinda Ang
J. It is the third requirement which requires greater evaluation, to which I
now turn.

Whether Singapore is the _forum conveniens_

14 The purpose of the _forum conveniens_ analysis is to identify the most
appropriate forum to hear the substantive dispute. “It is not an exercise in
comparing the sheer number of connecting factors which point to this or that
jurisdiction. What matters is the weight to be given to each connecting factor
in the light of all the circumstances of the case”: _per_ Chao Hick Tin JA in
_Siemens AG v Holdrich Investment Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1007 at [19]. In that
decision, the Court of Appeal stated (at [8]) that the doctrine seeks to
identify the most appropriate forum to try the dispute, and it does not matter
whether it is most appropriate “by a hair or by a mile”. The main connecting
factors to be considered here are the parties’ and witnesses’ personal
connections, the connections to the relevant events and transactions, and the
governing law of the claims.

15 The personal connections of the parties are these. While Global is a
company incorporated in Singapore and is placed under liquidation in
Singapore, ITC is an Indian company and most of the other defendants are
Indian nationals and ordinarily resident there. Mr Tong submitted that on the
whole, India would be a more convenient forum given that the majority of the
key witnesses are located there. I, however, do not think the circumstances of
this case point unequivocally towards a most appropriate forum in respect of
the parties’ personal connections. The fact that Global is a Singapore company
under liquidation, and the liquidator is in Singapore, is also a factor which
must be given due weight: see _Kaki Bukit Industrial Park Pte Ltd v Ng Man
Heng and Others_ [2004] SGHC 60. Additionally, the Chitalias, who are also key
parties in this dispute, are located in the United States.

16 With respect to the witnesses required at the trial, the availability of
non-party witnesses does not appear to be a substantial factor for
consideration. Most of the relevant witnesses for the defendants’ case are the
defendants themselves, and I have already considered the parties’ personal
connections to be an equivocal factor. Mr Tong has argued that non-party
witnesses of fact are potentially required to testify for the defence’s case.
These witnesses are located in India and cannot be compelled to appear before
a Singapore court because the Hague Convention on the Taking of Evidence
Abroad in Civil or Commercial Matters does not apply between Singapore and
India.

17 I do not place much weight on this argument simply because the three
defendants have not, in their affidavits, materially refuted the tenor of
Global’s case which relies mainly on the available documentary evidence.
Global’s liquidator, Mr Neo, had produced contemporaneous letters and minutes
of meetings that showed that ITC had procured the payment of Global’s monies
to the Chitalia group for the purpose of enabling ITC to receive payment on
its invoices to avoid contravening the Indian foreign exchange regulations.
Global’s pleaded case against the defendants rests on this factual situation,
which is eminently supported by those documents. The three defendants have not
said that the documents exhibited by Mr Neo actually meant something else, or
that they portrayed a different factual situation. Therefore, there is no
basis for believing that the documents mean anything other than what they
purport to say. In the circumstances, the witness factor (regarding the non-
party witnesses) is not as significant as in a case where there are
substantial disputes of fact and the availability and credibility of non-party
witnesses are crucial to a fair determination of the case. In any event, O 39
r 2 of the ROC will adequately address the defendants’ concerns by providing a
means of seeking the Indian courts’ assistance to take the evidence of these
Indian witnesses if that is thought to be necessary.

18 In relation to Global’s primary claim against the three defendants, _viz_
the Trade Advances, the causes of action concerned are in tort (_eg_ procuring
the other defendant directors to breach their contractual, fiduciary and
statutory duties, conspiracy to unlawfully cause Global to make the Trade
Advances, and unlawful interference with Global’s business); for breach of
directors’ duties under common law; and statutory claims under ss 157 and
340(1) of the Companies Act.

19 Mr Tong submitted that the substance of the torts lay in India. He argued
that the three defendants were based in India at the material times and many
of Global’s board meetings were convened and held in India. Hence, if there
were any acts constituting the alleged torts, they would have taken place in
India and governed by Indian law. Mr Maniam argued otherwise. He asserted that
Global obtained the funds to make the Trade Advances from Singapore banks; the
Trade Advances were made out of Singapore bank accounts; the procuring of
breaches by other directors were of legal duties governed by Singapore law;
and the torts were committed against a Singapore company. I am persuaded by Mr
Tong on this point. There is no evidence that the advances made were derived
from Singapore bank accounts. Even if there was, I do not think it is material
because the source of the funds cannot be as significant as where the tort was
planned and effectively carried out. There is also no evidence that the Trade
Advances directly caused any damage to the Singapore bank creditors of Global.
Also, Mr Maniam’s argument that the legal duties breached by the other
directors were governed by Singapore law is misplaced because the material
factor must be where the three defendants’ procurement of these breaches was
planned and carried out instead.

20 However, the other claims regarding the Trade Advances brought by Global
are what tip the overall balance in favour of Singapore as the more
appropriate forum. Global’s allegations that Deveshwar and Vaidyanath are
shadow directors of Global and have breached the fiduciary duties which attach
to these posts under the Companies Act require consideration of Singapore law,
especially in the light of the difficult definition of a “shadow director”
under the Companies Act. In this case, a Singapore court is better placed to
determine this issue. Furthermore, Global’s claim for relief under s 340(1) of
the Companies Act can only be pursued in Singapore. It is important for
insolvent companies undergoing liquidation to be able to prosecute claims of
fraudulent trading against former directors of the company as a matter of
discouraging abuse of limited liability by irresponsible trading.

21 The claims pertaining to the Colombo Rice Transactions are also better
dealt with by a Singapore court. The key wrongful acts which gave rise to
these transactions appear to be committed in Singapore. This means that the
governing law of the indemnity agreement Global asserts exists is likely to be
Singapore law. After considering all the factors, I find that the AR had not
exercised his discretion incorrectly, and that Singapore is the _forum
conveniens_.

Whether the service of the Writ on the three defendants was regular

22 In view of my finding that Singapore is the _forum conveniens_ , it is
necessary to address the issue of the validity of service. For service to be
properly effected out of jurisdiction, according to O 11 r 4(2) of the ROC,
the method of service must comply strictly with the foreign jurisdiction’s
rules and laws regarding service. Additionally, O 11 r 3(2) of the ROC states
that the court may not make any order or direction which shall authorise or
require the doing of anything in which service is effected which is contrary
to the law of that country. The issue here is whether the manner in which the
Writ was served on the three defendants is in compliance with Indian law.

23 According to Mr Neo, after the order of court dated 13 May 2009 granting
leave to serve the Writ out of jurisdiction was made, Global filed a request
for service of the Writ out of Singapore (“Request for Service”) with the
Singapore Supreme Court. Global specifically requested the relevant documents
(a) to be sent to the Court of Small Causes in Kolkata for service on ITC and
that the documents be served on the secretary, or on any director, or other
principal officer of ITC or by leaving it at the registered address of ITC;
and (b) to be sent to the appropriate Indian Courts and served, as if they
were summons issued by such courts, on the second to thirteenth defendants.
Thereafter, Global played no role in the service of the Writ and left matters
entirely to the Singapore Supreme Court Registry, the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs and the relevant Indian authorities.

24 On 26 January 2010, Global was provided with a copy of an endorsement from
the process server dated 15 December 2009 (“the Endorsement”).[note: 17] It
stated that the Writ had been served on the three defendants. However, Global
had not received an official certificate from the Indian government or
judicial authorities which, pursuant to O 11 r 3(5) of the ROC, would be
conclusive evidence of the date of service and that service was in accordance
with the law of the country in which service was effected.

25 The only available account of how service was in fact effected in India was
provided by Mr Bishwa Behari Chatterjee (“Mr Chatterjee”) who is the company
secretary of ITC.[note: 18]According to Mr Chatterjee, on 14 December 2009, a
delivery person (“the delivery person”) arrived at the mailing department of
ITC’s office and wanted to leave behind several sets of binders. The delivery
person was directed to ITC’s corporate secretarial department. There, he
informed the staff that the binders were from the High Court of Calcutta, and
that he wished to leave behind five sets of binders meant for ITC, Deveshwar,
Vaidyanath, and the fifth and tenth defendants. A sixth binder was to be
acknowledged and returned on behalf of the said defendants.

26 When asked to identify himself, the delivery person stated he was from the
City Civil Court, Calcutta. The delivery person, however, refused to provide
any credentials. ITC’s corporate secretarial staff took delivery of three sets
of the binders (for the three defendants) and acknowledged the sixth binder.
Each set of the binders contained (a) the Request for Service (filed on 13
August 2009); (b) the Writ (re-dated 20 January 2003); (c) _ex parte_ orders
of the Singapore High Court extending the validity of the Writ, the last being
an order dated 13 October 2008; and (d) the order of court dated 13 May 2009
granting leave to serve the writ out of jurisdiction.

27 Both Global and the defendants had adduced expert evidence by way of
affidavit on the validity, under Indian law, of the service described above.
The defendants’ experts are Mr Marezban Padam Bharucha (“Mr Bharucha”) and Mr
Prafullachandra Natwarlal Bhagwati (“Mr Bhagwati”). They opined that the
service carried out on 14 December 2009 was invalid on four grounds. First,
there was no proof that the documents were delivered through the judicial
authorities of India. Secondly, the Writ was invalid as it had expired.
Thirdly, service was not effected through the Court of Small Causes in Kolkata
which they opined was the requirement under Indian law. Lastly, as against
ITC, the Writ was not served on its secretary, director, or principal officer;
and as against Deveshwar and Vaidyanath, the Writ was not served on them
personally. Global’s expert on Indian law is Mr Manish Mohan (“Mr Mohan”), and
he disagreed with the three defendants’ experts.

28 With respect to the first ground, Mr Bharucha noted that the delivery
person did not provide his credentials and, therefore, there was no proof that
the documents were delivered through the judicial authorities of India.[note:
19] But Mr Bharucha did not consider all the material evidence in forming that
opinion. There was no analysis of the significance of the endorsement received
by Global on 26 January 2010. The endorsement must be treated as _prima facie_
evidence that the documents were delivered through the judicial authorities of
India since Global had sent the Request for Service to the Indian judicial
authorities through the proper Singapore channels. In the absence of rebuttal
evidence, I find that the documents were delivered through the rightful Indian
authorities.

29 On the second ground, Mr Bharucha[note: 20] and Mr Bhagwati[note: 21] were
of the common opinion that on the face of the Writ, it had “become stale and
was, as such invalid”. Therefore, it could not have been validly served. It is
undisputed that on the face of the Writ, it was only valid until 7 November
2009 while service was effected on 14 December 2009. But it is also undisputed
that the Writ’s validity had actually been extended by a further order (dated
26 October 2009) from the Singapore High Court to 8 November 2010, and that
indorsement of the extension of the validity of the Writ had been dispensed
with.[note: 22]

30 I prefer the opinion of Global’s expert, Mr Mohan. The validity of the Writ
must be a matter of Singapore law.[note: 23] It cannot be reasonably
contemplated that an Indian lawyer would advise his client who receives a writ
which originated from a foreign jurisdiction to ignore it on the basis that it
appears to be stale. As a matter of commonsense, any extension of validity
cannot be reflected on a writ once it leaves its originating jurisdiction, and
it is common knowledge that serving a writ out of jurisdiction may be a very
lengthy process during which the writ may have to be renewed. It also bears
noting that once a plaintiff serves a writ out of jurisdiction, there is
nothing much he can do to expedite the process. It is unfair to permit
conditions which are beyond the control of a plaintiff to frustrate an
otherwise legitimate attempt of service, _eg_ the unpredictable period of time
before a writ is served.

31 On the issue of which Indian court must the service be effected through,
the parties’ experts agreed that the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 (5
of 1908)(2004 Rev Ed) (“the Code”) was applicable, but differed on which are
the applicable provisions. The Code comprises sections, followed by orders,
and each order consists of various rules. The Code’s orders are ancillary to
the sections.[note: 24] The defendants’ argument that the service must be
through the Court of Small Causes in Kolkata is founded upon O 5 r 22 of the
Code which states that: “Where a summons issued by _any Court_ established
_beyond the limits of the towns of Calcutta_ , Madras [and Bombay] is to be
served within any such limits, it shall be sent to the Court of Small Causes
within whose jurisdiction it is to be served” [emphasis added].[note:
25]However, Mr Mohan opined that O 5 r 22 does not apply here despite its
mandatory language simply because the term “any court” must mean an Indian
court and not a foreign court. I find in favour of his opinion because there
is indeed a separate provision in the Code which deals with the treatment of
foreign summonses. This is found in s 29 of the Code which deals with service
of summonses and other processes of foreign courts. These provisions would
apply to summonses issued by Singapore courts by virtue of Government of India
Gazette notification dated 29 May 1956.[note: 26] It is agreed by the parties’
experts that s 29 of the Code applied in this case. Section 29(c) of the Code
states: “Summonses and other processes issued by any other Civil or Revenue
Court _outside India_ to which the Central Government has, by notification in
the Official Gazette, declared the provisions of this section to apply, may be
sent to the Courts in the territories to which this Code extends, and served
_as if they were summonses issued by such Courts_ ” [emphasis added]. Thus
once the Writ is sent from the Singapore governmental or judicial authorities
to their Indian counterparts in an Indian court in Calcutta, insofar as
service under Indian law is concerned, the Writ would be deemed as a writ
issued by that Calcutta court which received it. There is no evidence from the
defendants’ experts that a writ or summons issued by any court in Calcutta
must be served by a process server from the Court of Small Causes in order to
be valid. Hence, I find that the Writ was served by the correct Indian court.

32 The defendants’ last objection is that the Writ was served on parties who
were not entitled to receive service on their behalf. A distinction must be
drawn between ITC which is a corporate entity, and Deveshwar and Vaidyanath
who are natural persons. With respect to ITC, it is agreed that this depends
on whether it was served in accordance with O 29 r 2 of the Code. Order 29 r 2
of the Code consists of two limbs. It states:

Subject to any statutory provision regulating service of process, where the
suit is against a corporation, the summons may be served –

(a) on the secretary, or on any director, or other principal officer of the
corporation, or

(b) by leaving it or sending it by post addressed to the corporation at the
registered office, or if there is no registered office then at the place where
the corporation carries on business.

33 Both Mr Bhagwati and Mr Bharucha cited the Supreme Court of India case
_Shalimar Rope Works Ltd v Abdul Hussain H M Hasan Bhai Rassiwala and ors_
[1980] 3 SCR 1028 (“ _Shalimar Rope Works_ ”)[note: 27] which had construed O
29 r 2 of the Code. They were of the opinion that, applying _Shalimar Rope
Works_ , the delivery person had not effected valid service because he should
have first attempted to serve the Writ on the “Secretary or any Director or
other Principal Officer” before he can leave the Writ at ITC’s registered
office. In _Shalimar Rope Works_ , the respondent served the summons on a
“mere Office Assistant in the Sales Department of the [appellant] company”.
The office assistant was not a company secretary, director or principal
officer of the appellant authorised to receive summons in the suit. He also
did not bring the fact of the receipt of summons by him to the knowledge of
any responsible officer of the appellant. As a result, judgment in default was
obtained by the respondent and the appellant only knew of the proceedings when
the respondent sought to enforce its judgment. The lower court, however, held
that since the office assistant was an employee of the appellant found in its
registered office, the summons was deemed to have been duly served within the
meaning of the first part of limb (b) of O 29 r 2 of the Code (_ie_ leaving it
at the corporation’s registered office). The Supreme Court of India thought
that this analysis was wrong. It held that the first part of limb (b)
(“leaving” the summons at the registered office) must be read in the light of
O 5 r 17 of the Code which applies to service of summons on natural persons.
Order 5 r 17 N4-N6 of the Code states that the serving officer must first use
all “due and reasonable diligence” to find the defendant or agent empowered to
accept service before he can affix a copy of the summons on a conspicuous part
of the house in which the defendant ordinarily resides or carries on business
or personally works for gain. Hence, to maintain consistency across the Code’s
provisions, the Supreme Court of India held (at 1032C-D) that “if the serving
peon or bailiff is not able to serve the summons on the Secretary or any
Director or any other Principal Officer of the Corporation because either he
refuses to sign the summons or is not to be found by the serving person even
after due diligence _then_ he can leave the summons at the registered office
of the company and make a report to that effect” [emphasis added].

34 The concern of the Supreme Court of India was clear; that is, if the first
part of limb (b) was interpreted literally, summonses might in many cases not
be fairly brought to the attention of defendant companies. This concern was
evident from its statement (at 1032B-C), “leaving the summons at the
registered office of the corporation if it is literally interpreted to say
that the summons can be _left anywhere uncared for_ in the registered office
of the company, then it will lead to anomalous and absurd results” [emphasis
added]. Mr Mohan opined that _Shalimar Rope Works_ must be understood in this
context and that it can be distinguished from the facts of the present
case.[note: 28] The issue is essentially about ensuring that a defendant
corporation is sufficiently and fairly notified of proceedings against it. In
the present case, Global has adequately addressed this concern. The delivery
person in the present case had done more than what transpired in _Shalimar
Rope Works_. Although the delivery person initially turned up wrongly at ITC’s
mailing department, he was directed to and showed up at the corporate
secretarial department. He informed the staff there that the documents were
for the various defendants. As a result, ITC was apprised at the outset of the
relevant proceedings against it. I accept Mr Mohan’s opinion that this
amounted to good service on a corporate defendant under Indian law.

35 With respect to Deveshwar and Vaidyanath, it is not disputed that under
Indian law, a defendant who is a natural person must be served either
personally or by an agent properly empowered to accept service on behalf of
such defendant.[note: 29]Given these premises, Global must show that ITC was
in fact an agent for Deveshwar and Vaidyanath which was authorised to receive
service on their behalf. ITC denied this is the case[note: 30]and Global had
produced no evidence to prove the contrary. Thus the service on Deveshwar and
Vaidyanath was irregular.

Whether the court has the power to cure the irregularities in service

36 The AR thought that the irregularity of service on Deveshwar and Vaidyanath
could not be cured because any discretion to cure the irregularity lies with
the Indian authorities. By precluding these breaches in service from the scope
of O 2 r 1 of the ROC, the service on Deveshwar and Vaidyanath is effectively
treated as a nullity, and not a mere irregularity.

37 The AR’s view is supported by the High Court decision of _Ong & Co Pte Ltd
v Chow Y L Carl_ [1987] SLR(R) 281 (“ _Ong & Co_”). In that case, the
plaintiff obtained leave to issue a writ against the defendant and to serve
notice of the writ on him at an address in Malaysia. The notice of the writ
was served on the defendant personally by a process server employed by a
Malaysian firm of solicitors. It was held that, because that mode of service
was not an authorised method of service under the Rules of the Supreme Court
1970 (“the 1970 Rules”), the purported service was a nullity and not an
irregularity which could be cured under O 2 r 2 of the 1970 Rules. The High
Court emphasised that, following _Afro Continental Nigeria Ltd v Meridian
Shipping Co SA (The Vrontados)_ [1982] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 241 (at 245), the service
of a writ was an exercise of judicial power. This judicial power cannot be
extended or exercised extra-territorially except with consent of the foreign
state. Therefore, even though the defendant in that case had actually been
served and already entered an appearance, and had not suffered any prejudice,
the service was characterised as a “nullity”.

38 However, the currency of this view has diminished over time. It would
appear that _Ong & Co_ is no longer authoritative on this point and not all
errors arising in the process of service out of jurisdiction would render the
purported service a nullity. Rather they would constitute a mere irregularity
and the Singapore courts do have jurisdiction to cure such irregularities
under O 2 r 1(2) of the ROC. The reasons are as follows.

39 First, a similar situation in _Leal v Dunlop Bio-Processes International
Ltd_ [1984] 1 WLR 874 (“ _Leal_ ”) was not construed as a nullity, but an
“irregularity”, albeit one which, in the circumstances of that case, was too
serious to be cured. In that case, the plaintiff had issued and served a writ
out of the jurisdiction without obtaining the leave of the court. The
defendant applied to set aside the service and dismiss the action. By then,
the limitation period had expired and the plaintiff applied for the renewal of
the writ and leave to serve it outside the jurisdiction. The English Court of
Appeal held that in the circumstances, the writ could not be renewed because
of the lack of exceptional circumstances. The purported service also could not
be cured under the English Rules of Court O 2 r 1 because it was thought that
if the plaintiff could not properly have renewed the writ, it would be
improper to make good the irregular service. All three judgments of the court
proceeded on the basis that the mistake in service was an irregularity capable
of being cured under the English Rules of Court O 2 r 1, but declined to
exercise their discretion to cure it.

40 Secondly, Singapore’s O 2 r 1(2) of the ROC, which is _in pari materia_
with the English equivalent, states that:

Subject to paragraph (3), the Court may, on the ground that there has been
such a failure as is mentioned in paragraph (1), and on such terms as to costs
or otherwise as it thinks just, set aside either wholly or in part the
proceedings in which the failure occurred, _any step_ taken in those
proceedings or any document, judgment or order therein or exercise its powers
under these Rules to allow such amendments (if any) to be made and to make
such order (if any) dealing with the proceedings generally as it thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

The House of Lords has interpreted the term “any step” to include service of
proceedings out of the jurisdiction: see _Phillips and another v Symes and
others (No 3)_ [2008] 1 WLR 180 (“ _Phillips_ ”) at [31].

41 Thirdly, the strict view that service out of jurisdiction is an
encroachment of another nation’s sovereignty has been departed from in
Singapore. In _Fortune Hong Kong Trading Ltd v Cosco Feoso (Singapore) Pte
Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 962, the Court of Appeal opined (at [30]):

Our writ in the present form is no longer structured in the form of a command
to the defendant … In its present form, the writ is more of a _notification_
to the defendant that an action has been commenced against him in the court in
Singapore than a _command_ to him issued by the court. … In its present form,
the writ has lost its meaning of a judicial _order_ , and it can hardly be
contended that the service of our writ abroad would interfere with or encroach
upon the sovereignty of the country in which the writ is served. [emphasis
added]

Although that case was about an attempt at service out of jurisdiction from
England in Singapore, the above observation was one of general principle.
Developing the thesis of that general observation, the question whether the
attempt to serve the writ was or was not effective under O 11 of the ROC is a
question purely of domestic law, and not foreign law. The approach of
characterising this issue as purely a question of domestic law has also been
adopted by the English courts: see _Golden Ocean Assurance Ltd and World
Mariner Shipping S A v Christopher Julian Martin and others (“The Goldean
Mariner”)_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 215 and _Phillips_ (both cases discussed
below).

Whether the court should cure the irregularities in service

42 Professor Jeffery Pinsler SC wrote in Singapore Court Practice 2009
(LexisNexis, 2009) (at para 2/1/2) that where a procedural rule is framed in a
manner which requires strict compliance, an application for the validation of
a breach is very much less likely to succeed. The rules governing service out
of jurisdiction have often been construed as mandatory in the context of the
court’s assertion of extra-territorial jurisdiction, _eg_ in _Leal_ , Slade LJ
said (at 885), “most cases breaches of the requirements of … Ord. 11, r. 1, …
are not in my opinion likely to be breaches which can be lightly disregarded.”

43 However, the validation of a breach must still depend on all the
circumstances of the case. It is not impossible to persuade the court to cure
irregularities in an attempted service out of jurisdiction in deserving cases.
There are at least two English cases in which the plaintiffs have succeeded.
_The Goldean Mariner_ was one of them, in which there were, _inter alia_ , two
categories of defendants where there were procedural irregularities in the
service upon them. The first category received wrongly addressed writs which
were meant for other defendants in the suit. But each writ was impeccable in
form, content and in every other respect. The second category of defendants
was only served with a form of acknowledgement of service. No writ was in fact
served on them.

44 The English Court of Appeal unanimously thought that the error affecting
the first category was a mere irregularity and cured it (with Lloyd LJ
dissenting on whether to cure it). The majority judges exercised their
discretion that way since the defendants were all parties to the relevant
contract which was the subject-matter of the suit, they all knew of the
particulars of the incident founding the cause of action, and all of them got
a copy of the writ. None of them were unaware of the proceedings. In short,
they were not misled and did not suffer any prejudice. They also distinguished
_Leal_ on two grounds. First, the case before them concerned an irregularity
which was not as grave. Second, they construed _Leal_ as one which did involve
prejudice to the defendant because the writ had expired and renewal was
conditioned on “exceptional circumstances” which did not exist. Furthermore,
to regularise the earlier service out of jurisdiction before the expiry of the
writ would have deprived the defendant in _Leal_ of a substantive defence.

45 The majority in _The Goldean Mariner_ also thought that the error affecting
the second category of defendants was an irregularity and went on to exercise
their discretion to cure it. But only one of them provided reasons for doing
so. McCowan LJ’s analysis focused heavily on the fact that the defendants who
received the form of acknowledgement of service reacted no differently from
the defendants who received the wrongly addressed writs. There was never any
doubt in the minds of those defendants regarding the proceedings that were
initiated against them, and therefore they suffered no prejudice. This was
sufficient to constitute “special circumstances”.

46 _The Goldean Mariner_ was recently followed by the House of Lords in
_Phillips_. The issue before the House of Lords was whether, in the light of
Swiss proceedings initiated by the defendants, the English court must now
decline jurisdiction over similar English proceedings and impose a stay. That
depended on which court was first seised of proceedings under the Lugano
Convention. That in turn depended on whether the defective service out of
jurisdiction (due to incomplete documentation) by the plaintiffs in
Switzerland was valid. The House of Lords agreed that for the purposes of both
English law and the Lugano Convention, effective service of the proceedings
out of the jurisdiction may have been made on the defendants without any need
for retrospective validation by way of dispensation of service under r 6.9(1)
of the English Civil Procedure Rules (“CPR”). Instead, Lord Brown thought (at
[31]) that it was “at least arguable” that the court could instead remedy the
irregularity under r 3.10(b) of the CPR which is _in pari materia_ with our O
2 r 1(2) of the ROC.

47 Lord Brown also held that what took place in _The Goldean Mariner_ and in
the case before them raised essentially the same question, _viz_ whether the
attempt to serve the writ was effective. It was not about retrospective
validation and, therefore, “[t]he question is purely one for [English]
domestic law” to answer (at [33]). Lord Brown went on to analyse the situation
on the assumption that it was necessary to invoke r 6.9 of the CPR to dispense
with service of the claim form before the service in fact effected can be
declared valid. His Lordship conceded that the invocation of r 6.9 of the CPR
might in one sense be regarded as “retrospective validation” of ineffective
service. Given that the “effect would then be to alter the jurisdictional
precedence under an international Convention” (at [35]), Lord Brown thought
(at [37]) that “the power is one to be exercised sparingly and only in the
most exceptional circumstances”. Therefore, it was clear to his Lordship that
the court’s discretion under r 6.9 of the CPR should be exercised, but with
greater circumspection than under r 3.10(b) of the CPR.

48 Notwithstanding this high threshold, His Lordship thought that the case was
deserving of cure because of its “exceptional” circumstances. The relevant
factors were (a) the defendants suffered no prejudice by the failure to serve
the original claim form but sought to exploit it; (b) the essential faults
were those of the Swiss authorities and not the plaintiffs; and (c) to deny
the service effectiveness would lead to part of the claims being forsaken
because in that event, neither the English nor the Swiss courts would have
jurisdiction over the entire claim.

49 These two English cases illustrate that amongst the various factors that
are relevant in considering whether or not to cure the irregularity in an
attempt at service out of jurisdiction, the fact of whether the defendant was
apprised of the proceedings is highly significant. If the defendant was in
fact apprised of and took steps to contest the proceedings, he would have
suffered no prejudice. Another factor which was considered is whether the
plaintiff had properly done all that he could to effect service, as was the
situation in _Phillips_ where it was the Swiss authorities who had failed.
Both factors exist in favour of Global in the present case, especially since
it had even received a copy of an endorsement from the process server
indicating that the Writ had been served on the three defendants.

50 Even assuming that both factors are not determinative, the call on the
exercise of the court’s discretion is compelling here. Global and the
defendants have been involved in this suit for almost a decade. Yet
substantive proceedings have not gotten off the ground because of myriad
procedural obstacles. It can be said that in the light of the several
assiduous attempts at service and the defendants’ knowledge of such attempts
and of the proceedings, the procedural defects are illusory. To fail to cure
the irregularities in the present case would cause undue prejudice to Global
by denying its right to a hearing. I will therefore exercise my discretion and
cure the irregularities in service on Deveshwar and Vaidyanath. Accordingly,
Global’s appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 466 of 2010 is allowed, and the three
defendants’ appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 465 of 2010 is dismissed. As the
outcome requires the exercise of the court’s discretion to cure irregularities
of service on two of the defendants, I will hear counsel on the question of
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Bishwa Behari Chatterjee’s (“Chatterjee”) 7th affidavit, para 5(b).

[note: 2]Neo Ban Chuan’s (“Neo”) 1st affidavit, exhibit BCN-6.

[note: 3]Statement of Claim (“SOC”), para 23

[note: 4]SOC, para 21

[note: 5]SOC, para 78

[note: 6]SOC, para 79

[note: 7]SOC, para 80

[note: 8]SOC, paras 35, 52-53, 58-59, 63 and 67.

[note: 9]SOC, paras 71, 73, 75 and 77.

[note: 10]SOC, paras 38, 40-41.

[note: 11]SOC, para 42.

[note: 12]SOC, paras 47 and 49-50.

[note: 13]SOC, para 82.

[note: 14]_Eg_ Neo’s 2nd affidavit, exhibits BCN-57, BCN-63, BCN-64; Neo’s 1st
affidavit, exhibit BCN-17; Neo’s 3rd affidavit, exhibit BCN-82.

[note: 15]_Eg_ Neo’s 1st affidavit, exhibit BCN-1, Neo’s 2nd affidavit,
exhibits BCN-70, BCN-71, BCN-64.

[note: 16]Neo’s 1st affidavit.

[note: 17]Neo’s 2nd affidavit, exhibit BCN-53.

[note: 18]Chatterjee’s 6th affidavit, paras 19-29.

[note: 19]Bharucha’s 7th affidavit, para 10

[note: 20]Bharucha’s 7th affidavit, paras 12-13

[note: 21]Bhagwati’s 1st affidavit, para 14

[note: 22]Neo’s 2nd affidavit, exhibit BCN-49 at pg 180.

[note: 23]Mohan’s 2nd affidavit, paras 14 and 15.

[note: 24]Bhagwati’s 1st affidavit, para 7.

[note: 25]Bharucha’s 8th affidavit, paras 10-11.

[note: 26]Bhagwati’s 1st affidavit, para 8 and exhibit PNB-2.

[note: 27]Bhagwati’s 1st affidavit, exhibit BNP-3.

[note: 28]Mohan’s 2nd affidavit, para 20.

[note: 29]Mohan’s 2nd affidavit, paras 18-19.

[note: 30]Chatterjee’s 8th affidavit, paras 5 and 7.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

