Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tang Hai Liang  
[2011] SGHC 1

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 31 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohamed Faizal and Sharmila Sripathy (AG's Chambers) for
the prosecution; Harbajan Singh (Daisy Yeo & Co) and Ranadhir Gupta (A Zamzam
& Co) (assigned) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Tang Hai Liang  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 26
of 2010 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 06 July 2011. See [2011] SGCA
38.]

3 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The accused, Tang Hai Liang, was charged that he:

on the 15th day of April 2009, at or about 1.20 p.m., at Block 133 Lorong Ah
Soo #02-428, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class A
of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by
having in [his] possession for the purpose of trafficking, one hundred and
thirty-six (136) packets containing a total of 1,004.69 grams of
granular/powdery substance, which were analyzed and found to contain not less
than a total of 89.55 grams of Diamorphine, without any authorization under
the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and [he had] thereby
committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2), and
punishable under section 33 of the said Act.

Facts

2 The facts surrounding the arrest of the accused, which were not challenged,
were summarised in the Prosecution’s Closing Submissions:

**B**. **FACTS OF THE CASE**

3\. … Acting on information received, a party of officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) had, on 15 April 2009, at or about 1.05 p.m., been
involved in an operation that led to the arrest of the Accused and one Lim Kee
Wan at the void deck of Block 129, Lorong Ah Soo.

4\. Upon his arrest, the Accused was escorted to his residence at Block 133
Lorong Ah Soo, #02-248 (“the Flat”). Access to the Flat was gained through the
use of keys which had been found on the Accused upon his arrest at the void
deck.

5\. Once in the Flat, the Accused was asked to lead the officers to his
bedroom (“Bedroom 3”), which he did. A search of the air-conditioner in
Bedroom 3 by SSgt Derek Wong Ruijun (“SSgt Derek”) in the Accused’s presence,
revealed the existence of, _inter alia_ , a paper bag containing two and five
packets of substances believed to be heroin (**Exhibits P134** and **P135**
respectively) and a digital weighing scale (**Exhibit P168**). The Accused
acknowledged, upon such recovery, that the items recovered were his.

6\. Sometime thereafter, the Accused was brought into the kitchen. During an
ensuing search of the kitchen by ASP Teng Jit Sun Jack (“ASP Jack”) in the
Accused’s presence, a vacuum cleaner stored in a kitchen cabinet was
recovered. It was later discovered that the said vacuum cleaner contained five
packets _each_ containing 20 smaller packets of granular substance (**Exhibits
P158** to **P162**), and one packet containing 19 smaller packets (**Exhibit
P163**) of granular substance.

7\. Thereafter, SSgt Ong Teng Wei Henry (“SSgt Henry Ong”) asked the Accused
if he had any other drugs to surrender. After considering the matter for a
while, the Accused motioned to the cooker hood. As SSgt Henry Ong did not know
precisely where the Accused had been motioning towards, he attempted to press
a button at the cooker hood area, at which point of time another packet
containing what was later ascertained to be 10 smaller packets of heroin
(**Exhibit P164**) fell onto the kitchen stove.

8\. The exhibits stated above were safeguarded [by] Senior Staff Sergeant Heng
Chin Kok (“SSSgt Heng”) pending the arrival of the investigation officer. In
the interim, at or about 3.20 pm, Inspector Eugene Tan Jun Hao (“Insp Eugene
Tan”) recorded a contemporaneous statement from the Accused (**Exhibit
P110**). In the said statement, the Accused was shown the seized drug exhibits
and asked what they were. The Accused confirmed that the seized packets of
white granular substances contained heroin. He also informed Insp Tan that he
had _“roughly 137 packets of heroin_[_”_] and that they belonged to him. It
would be significant to note that the brown paper bag had not been taken out
of the vacuum cleaner at the time of such questioning.

9\. Once the Investigation Officer, Inspector Aaron Tang Zhixiong (“Insp Aaron
Tang”) arrived at the scene (at about 4.10 p.m), he supervised the photo-
taking process. He was assisted by Inspector Chee Tuck Seng (“Insp Chee”) and
Senior Staff Sergeant Stanley Tan (“SSSgt Stanley Tan”). When they eventually
left the Flat with the Accused, SSSgt Stanley Tan was in possession of the
seized exhibits until about 7.25 pm, when he handed custody of the same to
Insp Aaron Tang at the Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”).

10\. At about 8.15 pm, the Accused was brought to the PCC Exhibit Management
Room. The seized drug exhibits were then weighed in his presence. Weighing of
the drug exhibits ended at about 8.30 pm, and the said exhibits were
thereafter placed in a locked safe.

**C**. **STATEMENTS OF THE ACCUSED**

11\. In the course of investigations, a number of statements were taken from
the Accused. For the purposes of these proceedings, apart from the statement
given to Insp Eugene Tan (considered earlier), five other statements are
relevant. The essence of these five statements given by the Accused can be
found below:

a.In his cautioned statement to Insp Aaron Tang on 16 April 2009, at or about
0130 hrs (“**cautioned statement”**) (**Exhibit P126**), the Accused admitted,
_inter alia_ , that he was _“caught with his buyer”_ at the void deck of the
Flat and that the heroin subsequently found in his Flat, was his. He also
stated that his girlfriend, one Chua Wei Kim (who had been arrested with him),
was not involved in his trafficking activities;

b.In his first long statement to Insp Aaron Tang on 20 April 2009, at or about
2044 hrs (“**first long statement** ”) (**Exhibit P127**), the Accused
intimated that he had turned to _“selling heroin to support myself”_. He also
confirmed that the seven packets of white granular substances found in the
air-conditioner (namely **Exhibits P134** and **P135**) had been placed by him
in the air-conditioner and were _intended for sale_. He also confirmed that
the weighing scale that had been found in the air-conditioner had been used by
him to weigh the heroin. The Accused also stated that he had kept heroin in
the vacuum cleaner (**Exhibit P185**) because he was of the view that no one
used or checked the said vacuum cleaner;

c.In his second long statement to Insp Aaron Tang on 21 April 2009, at or
about 1040 hrs (“**second long statement** ”) (**Exhibit P128**), the Accused
confirmed that all the packets of heroin found in the vacuum cleaner (_i.e_.
the 119 packets marked as **Exhibits P158** – **P163**) belonged to him and
that he had concealed them in the said vacuum cleaner (_i.e_. **Exhibit
P185**). Further, all the said packets were _intended for sale_. He also
confirmed surrendering the ten packets concealed in the cooker hood (_i.e_.
Exhibit P164), and informed that these packets were similarly _intended for
sale_. The Accused also explained that he had placed the heroin in three
different locations because they served distinct functions in his supply
chain: depending on _which would be convenient_ , when there were orders from
his clients, he would take the drugs from either the air-conditioner or the
cooker hood, with the drugs concealed in the vacuum cleaner being the
replacement stock should either the drugs in the air-conditioner or the cooker
hood run out. The Accused also furnished information as to the price he
charged individual clients for heroin. He also stated that he had 3 to 4
regular clients purchasing heroin from him.

d.In his third long statement to Insp Aaron Tang on 21 April 2009, at or about
1510 hrs (“**third long statement** ”) (**Exhibit P129**), the Accused
explained how he obtained the heroin from his supplier, one _“Ah Heng”_. He
also reaffirmed the contents of the contemporaneous statement recorded by Insp
Eugene Tan (**Exhibit P110**); and

e.In his fourth long statement to Insp Aaron Tang on 30 October 2009, at or
about 1135 hrs (“**fourth long statement** ”) (**Exhibit P137**), the Accused
reaffirmed that all the drugs found in the vacuum cleaner, cooker hood and
air-conditioner were intended for sale.

[emphasis in original]

3 All 136 packets of white granular substance seized during the operation were
sent to the Health Sciences Authority for analysis. Analyst Ms Lim Jong Lee
Wendy (“Ms Lim”) testified that these, in total, were found to contain no less
than 89.55 grams of diamorphine, _ie_ , the amount disclosed in the charge.
The breakdown was also set out in the Prosecution’s Closing Submissions:

a. **Exhibit P158** (20 packets in the vacuum cleaner marked collectively as
“A1A1A1”): contained not less than 13.28 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P69**);

b. **Exhibit P159** (20 packets in the vacuum cleaner marked collectively as
“A1A1B1”): contained not less than 13.31 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P70**);

c. **Exhibit P160** (20 packets in the vacuum cleaner marked collectively as
“A1A1C1”): contained not less than 13.12 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P71**);

d. **Exhibit P161** (20 packets in the vacuum cleaner marked collectively as
“A1A1D1”): contained not less than 13.25 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P70**);

e. **Exhibit P162** (20 packets in the vacuum cleaner marked collectively as
“A1A1E1”): contained not less than 13.23 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P73**);

f. **Exhibit P163** (19 packets in the vacuum cleaner marked collectively as
“A1A1F1”): contained not less than 12.57 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P74**);

g. **Exhibit P164** (10 packets in the cooker hood marked collectively as
“B1A1”): contained not less than 6.42 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P75**);

h. **Exhibit P166** (two packets in the air-conditioner marked collectively as
“C2A”): contained not less than 1.30 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P77**); and

i. **Exhibit P167** (five packets in the air-conditioner marked collectively
as “C3A”): contained not less than 3.07 grams of Diamorphine (see **Exhibit
P78**).

[emphasis in original]

4 Further, during testing carried out at the Health Sciences Authority,
several of the exhibits were found to contain the accused’s DNA. These
included, in particular, the Ziploc bag containing Exhibit P162 (_ie_ , the 20
packets found in the vacuum cleaner), the cooker hood grill that hid Exhibit
P164 (_ie_ , the 10 packets obtained from the cooker hood) and the paper bag
which contained Exhibits P77 and P78 found in the air-conditioner. During
trial, Dr Christopher K C Syn, a Senior Forensic Scientist with the Health
Sciences Authority, also confirmed that the lack of DNA on the other exhibits
was not conclusive that the accused had not been in contact with them.

5 The accused elected not to give evidence. He did not call any witnesses. As
mentioned, no serious challenge to the Prosecution’s evidence was mounted. At
the close of the trial, there was hardly anything substantive by way of a
defence stated by counsel for the accused in his closing submissions. I was
given to understand that the manner in which counsel conducted the defence was
limited by the accused’s instructions.

My decision

6 At the conclusion of the trial, I was satisfied that the charge had been
made out. I accordingly convicted the accused. I now give my reasons.

7 The MDA provides:

**Trafficking in controlled drugs**

**5\. –**(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a
person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not
that other person is in Singapore —

(a) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(b) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(c) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

8 The drugs seized were analysed and found to contain not less than 85.99
grams of diamorphine, which is a Class A drug. The accuracy of Ms Lim’s
findings was not challenged. The packets containing these drugs were found in
the Flat. The keys to the Flat were found on the accused’s person. The accused
had acknowledged that the drugs seized were his. His DNA was found on a number
of the exhibits seized. In fact, when he was questioned by the CNB officers,
he was able to direct them to the cooker hood where some of the packets of
drugs were hidden. He had even estimated with accuracy the number of packets
of drugs in the house before these were discovered, seized and counted by the
CNB officers. There was no question that the accused was in possession of the
packets of drugs seized. Pursuant to s 18(2) of the MDA, the presumption
therefore arose that he knew the nature of the drug. In any event, the accused
clearly knew the nature of the controlled drug he was in possession of. The
accused had admitted that the packets contained heroin when questioned by the
CNB officers.

9 As the packets seized were found to contain far more than 2 grams of
diamorphine, the presumption under s 17(c) of the MDA would also arise that
the accused had the drug in his possession for the purposes of trafficking,
which is defined in s 2 of the same Act:

**Interpretation**

**2**. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning…

Even in the absence of the presumption, I would find that the accused was
trafficking in diamorphine within the meaning of s 2 of the MDA. In his
cautioned statement, he admitted that he had been caught at the void deck
together with his buyer. In his first long statement, he admitted that he had
turned to selling heroin to support himself. In his first and second long
statements he had admitted that the drugs found in the air-conditioner, cooker
hood and vacuum cleaner were meant for sale. He had even given a detailed
explanation as to how these served different functions in his drug supply
chain and that he had some regular customers. The diamorphine seized that
formed the charge was clearly meant for sale and not for the accused’s
personal consumption or other purposes.

10 As mentioned, the defence counsel did not raise any arguments in his
closing submissions in relation to the merits of the charge. Nonetheless, two
legal issues were alluded to in the course of proceedings that, for
completeness and given the gravity of the charge, I ought to address.

11 First, counsel for the accused made the suggestion that Insp Eugene Tan was
not empowered to record the contemporaneous statement taken from the accused
because CNB officers are not empowered to record statements. However, pursuant
to s 32 of the MDA, in any case relating to the commission of an offence under
the MDA, a CNB officer has all the powers of a police officer under the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) in relation to an
investigation into a seizable offence. This includes taking statements from
the accused pursuant to s 121 of the CPC.

12 Second, counsel for the accused suggested during the course of cross-
examining Insp Aaron Tang that it was crucial that Insp Aaron Tang did not
include in his own conditioned statement the weights of the exhibits that he
recorded in his investigation diary. However, counsel did not go on to explain
the significance. Insp Aaron Tang’s explanation that he had not included these
weights because they were not as accurate as those put up in the Health
Sciences Authority’s report was reasonable. In any event, during cross-
examination, he provided the weights of the various exhibits that he had
recorded in his investigation diary. Counsel did not highlight any particular
aspect of Insp Aaron Tang’s evidence that ought to be given less weight as a
result of his omission.

Conclusion

13 On the evidence, I found that the Prosecution had proved the charge against
the accused beyond a reasonable doubt. I therefore convicted the accused and
sentenced him to death in accordance with s 33 of the MDA read with the Second
Schedule.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

