Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Out of the Box Pte Ltd _v_ Wanin Industries Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 226

Case Number| :| Suit No 317 of 2009 (Notice of Appointment for Assessment of
Damages 43 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Leo Zhen Wei Lionel AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tham Wei Chern and Sylvia Tee (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiff; Aqbal Singh and Adeline Chong (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Out of the Box Pte Ltd — Wanin Industries Pte Ltd  
  
11 October 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Leo Zhen Wei Lionel:

Introduction

1 This is an assessment of the amount of “reliance loss” damages that a
distributor is entitled to recover as a result of a producer’s supply of
defective drinks. It raises several important and interesting issues that go
to the very basis of an award of “reliance loss” damages in contract. First,
it raises the issue of whether a distributor can recover, as wasted
expenditure, the full money value of advertising services it paid for not in
cash but by way of redemption of advertising credits and a prize, both of
which were not assignable or transferable and had a fast approaching expiry
date. Second, it raises the issue of whether _any quantum_ of advertising
expenses should be considered to be in the reasonable contemplation of
parties, such as to preclude an argument that the loss is too remote, simply
on the basis that the parties must have known that this _type_ of expense
would, in all likelihood, be incurred.

Background

2 In early 2007, Out of the Box Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) designed and
conceptualised a sports drink known as “18”. The plaintiff had high hopes for
“18”, believing that it could one day go global. As such, the plaintiff was
willing to spend more than $700,000 to advertise and promote “18”.
Unfortunately, the manufacturer that the plaintiff engaged to produce “18”,
Wanin Industries Pte Ltd (“the defendant”), supplied defective “18” that
changed colour and contained foreign particles or insects. Following consumer
complaints, the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority of Singapore (“AVA”) put up
an advisory warning against the consumption of “18” and directed that the
plaintiff recall all stocks of “18” in the market. The “18” brand having been
irretrievably damaged, the plaintiff decided to discontinue “18”.

3 The plaintiff sued for breach of contract and obtained summary judgment
against the defendant. At the assessment stage, the plaintiff claimed for its
“reliance loss”. In other words, the plaintiff claimed for the expenses that
it had incurred in reliance of the manufacturing contract with the defendant
(“the contract”) that had been wasted as a result of the defendant’s breach.
The total amount of the plaintiff’s claim, after deducting the revenue earned
from sales of “18”, is $779,812.31, and the breakdown is as follows:

Details |  Amount Paid  
---|---  
Advertising and promotional expenses |  $702,787.02  
Payments for drinks and bottle moulds |  $39,648.90  
Rental of warehouse and forklift |  $36,241.82  
Expenses incurred as a result of the recall of “18” |  $7,549.29  
Fridge and vending machine expenses |  $15,657.19  
Sales revenue from “18” |  ($22,071.91)  
**Total** |  **$779,812.31**  
  
  

4 Unsurprisingly, the defendant argued that the plaintiff is not entitled to
this amount. In particular, the defendant strenuously objected to the amount
claimed as advertising and promotional expenses (“advertising expenses”).

My decision

5 Since the advertising expenses constitute the bulk of the plaintiff’s claim,
I will deal with these expenses first.

Advertising expenses

6 The damages claimed by the plaintiff with regard to advertising expenses
amount to $702,787.02, the breakdown of which is as follows:

Supplier |  Amount  
---|---  
Clear Channel Singapore Pte Ltd (“Clear Channel”) |  $74,900  
ActMedia Singapore Pte Ltd (“ActMedia”) |  $342,658.01  
Groovy Pte Ltd (“Groovy”) |  $50,000  
Procolor Separation & Print Pte Ltd (“Procolor”) |  $1,637.10  
Big Bulb Creative Pte Ltd (“Big Bulb”) |  $3,210  
Raffles Digital Labs Pte Ltd (“Raffles Digital”) |  $26,373.09  
The Catalyst Agency Pte Ltd (“Catalyst”) |  $199,369.87  
Miscellaneous advertising expenses |  $4,638.95  
**Total** |  **$702,787.02**  
  
  

7 The defendant’s arguments with regard to the advertising expenses are two-
fold. First, there is a general objection to the overall amount claimed on the
basis that such a large amount was not within the reasonable contemplation of
the parties and should thus be irrecoverable for being too remote. Second, the
defendant specifically objects, for a variety of reasons, to the full recovery
of many of the individual items of expense claimed. I will first consider each
of the defendant’s specific objections to determine the overall amount of
advertising expenses _validly incurred_. I will then consider whether these
validly incurred expenses are so large as to be outside the reasonable
contemplation of the parties.

8 In the context of this case, I use the term validly incurred expenses to
refer to expenses that have been _proven_ and to which there are no well-
founded objections apart from the general objection that the loss is too
remote. It is trite law that to succeed in a claim for damages, a plaintiff
must prove its loss. As held in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen
Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”) at [31]:

31 ... [A] plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without placing
before the court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even if it is
otherwise entitled in principle to recover damages. On the other hand, where
the plaintiff has attempted its level best to prove its loss _and_ the
evidence is cogent, the court should allow it to recover the damages claimed.
[emphasis in original]

In the present case, the plaintiff has adduced evidence of all the relevant
invoices and has also furnished supporting documents. As held in _Thode Gerd
Walter v Mintwell Industry Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 33 (“ _Thode Gerd Walter_ ”)
at [39]–[40], there is no requirement in law that the makers of invoices must
invariably be called to explain them as this would be “impractical”, although
there may be cases where this would be warranted. The court went on to outline
two such instances, the first being where there appears to be no factual link
between the damage claimed and the breach, and the second being where the
figures in the invoice appear to be inflated or where certain items appear to
be unusual or special.

9 As was the case in _Thode Gerd Walter_ , the defendant does not dispute the
admissibility or authenticity of the invoices and supporting documents adduced
by the plaintiff. Furthermore, with regard to those expenses that the
defendant contends are “unusually high” (_ie_ , the expenses incurred in
respect of Groovy and Catalyst), the plaintiff has called witnesses to explain
the invoices and to give evidence on the work done. In these circumstances, I
am satisfied that the plaintiff has adduced sufficient _prima facie_ evidence
of its loss, and all that remains to be determined is the validity of the
defendant’s objections. It is to these objections that I now turn.

Clear Channel

10 The plaintiff claimed $74,900 for expenses incurred in relation to Clear
Channel. These expenses were incurred for bus-stop advertisements placed in
the month of December 2008. $70,000 was paid through the redemption of a prize
that the plaintiff had won in a competition (“the prize”) and the $4,900
incurred as GST was paid for in cash.

11 The defendant objects to these expenses on two grounds. First, the
defendant takes issue with the fact that the advertisements had been paid for,
not in cash, but by way of redemption of the prize. Second, the defendant
contends that the plaintiff did not suffer pecuniary loss because it had
enjoyed the benefit of marketing exposure for “18” from the bus-stop
advertisements during the period of December 2008 since the plaintiff
terminated the contract with the defendant only in February 2009.

12 I will deal with the defendant’s second objection first as it can be dealt
with summarily. It suffices to say that any direct benefit (_ie_ , revenue
from sales of “18”) that the plaintiff had obtained has been accounted for in
the reduction in the overall expenses claimed by $22,071.91, this sum being
the sales revenue of “18”. As for any indirect benefit, perhaps in the form of
goodwill, that the defendant may have obtained, this would have been wasted
and rendered futile in light of the discontinuation of “18” that was
precipitated by the defendant’s breach.

13 The defendant’s other objection is that the plaintiff did not suffer
pecuniary loss because it had placed the advertisements by way of redemption
of the prize. In this regard, the defendant emphasised that the prize could
not be assigned or transferred, and would have expired if it was not used by
31 December 2008. In contrast, the plaintiff took the position that the prize
was clearly an asset with an equivalent monetary value, and that it had been
deprived of the use of the prize by the defendant’s breach. Further, the
plaintiff argued that if it had not used the prize to advertise “18”, it would
have had to pay for such advertising in cash. Since the defendant would
clearly be liable to compensate the plaintiff in such a situation, it should
not make any difference that the plaintiff had chosen to use the prize to pay
for the expenses instead.

(1) Plaintiff’s loss – advertising services or the prize?

14 The crux of this issue lies in the characterisation of the plaintiff’s
loss. There are two possibilities. The first possibility is that the plaintiff
lost $70,000 of _advertising services_. If this were the case, then the
plaintiff would be entitled to $70,000 in monetary damages as this would
represent the value of the advertising services it lost. Put another way, if
it had not redeemed the prize, the plaintiff would have had to pay $70,000 to
obtain the advertising services from Clear Channel.

15 However, there is another possibility. The second possibility is that the
plaintiff has lost the use of _the prize_. If that were the case, then the
measure of damages should comport with the _objective value_ of the prize that
the plaintiff lost. That is not to say that the objective value of the prize
is its market value. Although the prize in the present case had no market
value as it was not transferable or assignable, it clearly had value _to the
plaintiff_. The question to be determined would thus be the objective value of
the prize to the plaintiff (_ie_ , the value that a reasonable person in the
plaintiff’s shoes would have attributed to the prize). In such an inquiry, the
fact that the prize was not assignable or transferable, and would expire if it
was not used by 31 December 2008, could be relevant.

16 The thrust of the defendant’s argument is that an award of $70,000 in
damages would over-compensate the plaintiff. It is axiomatic that a reasonable
person would value $70,000 in damages more than the prize. This is because
cash can be used for a variety of purposes whereas the prize could only have
been used to redeem advertising services _from Clear Channel_. Furthermore,
cash retains its intrinsic value whereas the prize would be worth nothing if
it was not redeemed by 31 December 2008. The expiry date of the prize is a
major factor since this meant that the plaintiff had a fixed period within
which it must advertise whether or not it had a product ready for launch. To
compound matters, the prize could not be converted to cash even if the
plaintiff was willing to sell the prize at a discount since the prize could
not be assigned or transferred.

17 McGregor on Damages (Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 18th Ed, 2009)
(“McGregor”) defines “reliance loss”, at [2-020], as follows:

Sometimes, however, the claimant may be compelled by circumstances to frame
his suit on a different basis as to damages, not on the basis of the loss of
his bargain but on the basis of his out-of-pocket loss. In other words, he is
claiming not to be put into the position he would have been in had the
contract been performed, but _to be put into the position he would have been
in had it never been made, which is a normal measure of damages akin to that
in tort_. [emphasis added]

According to this statement by McGregor, the reference point is the position
that the plaintiff would have been in had the contract _never been made_. On
the facts, the prize had not been redeemed at the time the contract was made.
As such, if the contract had not been made, the plaintiff would have had an
unredeemed prize, not $70,000 of advertising services. On this understanding
of “reliance loss”, an award of $70,000 in damages would indeed result in the
plaintiff being over-compensated. Whereas the plaintiff would only have had a
prize worth less than $70,000 (see [16]) had the contract not been made, the
award of damages would result in the plaintiff being compensated with $70,000
in cash. In the words of the defendant’s counsel, “the plaintiff would in fact
have monetized [the prize], which [it] would not have been able to even if
there was no breach.”

18 I do not agree that an award of $70,000 in damages _necessarily_ over-
compensates the plaintiff. In this regard, I am of the view that McGregor’s
statement that compensating for “reliance loss” aims to put the injured party
in the position as if the contract had not been made is simply a shorthand
used to _quantify_ “reliance loss” damages and, with the greatest of respect,
may need reconsideration. As stated in the seminal decision of _Livingstone v
Rawyards Coal Co_ (1880) 5 App Cas 25 (“ _Livingstone_ ”) at 39, the
fundamental principle of compensation is that damages should “put the party
who has been injured, or who has suffered, in the same position as he would
have been if he had not sustained the wrong for which he is now getting his
compensation.” In the case of breach of contract, putting the injured party in
the position he would have been in had he not sustained the wrong refers to
putting him in the position he would have been in had the contract not been
broken. The focus is therefore on the _promised performance_. Consistent with
this, _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008) (“Chitty”)
defines “reliance loss”, at [26-006], as follows:

[T]he reliance interest relates to the expense or which the claimant has
himself incurred _in reliance on the promised performance_ and which is wasted
by the defendant’s breach. [emphasis added]

Although McGregor’s statement would result in the correct measure of damages
in the vast majority of cases, it would result in the wrong measure in the
present case. This is because it does not account for the fact that the
plaintiff had _converted_ the prize into advertising services _after_ the
contract had been entered into and this conversion had been done _in reliance_
of the contract. Applying McGregor’s statement, the plaintiff would be awarded
the value of the prize which it would still have had if the contract had not
been made. However, the measure of “reliance loss” damages that stays true to
the principle underlying the award of such damages would be an award of the
objective value of the advertising services that the plaintiff would still
have had if the contract had _not been broken_ (_ie_ , $70,000 in damages).

(2) Characterisation of the plaintiff’s loss in light of the fact that the
plaintiff no longer has any product to advertise

19 Unfortunately, a further complication arises from the fact that the
plaintiff no longer has any product to advertise. If “18” was still a live
product or if the plaintiff had some other product for which it could use
advertising services, I would not hesitate to grant the plaintiff $70,000 in
damages. Had the defendant not breached the contract, the plaintiff would
still have $70,000 of advertising services (which it no longer has,
conceptually speaking, as such advertising services have been wasted).
Theoretically, the ideal method of compensation would be for the defendant to
compensate the plaintiff with actual advertising services to the value of
$70,000. However, since the remedy for breach of contract is generally
damages, the court makes an award of $70,000 as a _monetary substitute_ to
enable the plaintiff to obtain the advertising services. Having made this
award, the court would not concern itself with whether the plaintiff actually
uses the money to obtain the advertising services. As stated in _Ruxley
Electronics & Construction Ltd v Forsyth_ [1996] AC 344 (“ _Ruxley_ ”) at 359,
“in the normal case the court has no concern with the use to which a plaintiff
puts an award of damages for a loss which has been established.”

20 However, advertising services cannot exist in a vacuum and must attach to
or be _used for_ a product. If there is no product that advertising services
can be used for, then the plaintiff’s loss is, in reality, the loss of the
_ability to obtain advertising services in the future_. That would, in effect,
be the loss of the prize since the prize had been the source of the
plaintiff’s ability to obtain future advertising services. Put another way,
because the plaintiff no longer has any product to advertise, it is
conceptually _impossible_ to compensate the plaintiff with actual advertising
services for “18” or some other product. In such a situation, it would be
illogical and artificial for the court to make an award of the monetary
substitute for advertising services that cannot conceptually be ordered.
Therefore, since the plaintiff no longer has any product for which advertising
services _can_ be used, I am of the view that it does not make sense for the
court to characterise the plaintiff’s loss as a loss of advertising services.
In truth, the plaintiff’s real loss, in light of the circumstances now before
the court, is the loss of the prize.

21 In coming to this conclusion, I am fortified by two cases decided by the
House of Lords. The first case is _Golden Strait Corpn v Nippon Yusen
Kubishika Kaisha_ [2007] 2 AC 353 (“ _The Golden Victory_ ”). _The Golden
Victory_ involved a charter party, clause 33 of which provided that both
parties had the right to cancel the charter if war were to break out between
certain countries. In December 2001, the charterers repudiated the charter
party and this was accepted on 17 December 2001\. On 20 March 2003, war
falling within clause 33 broke out. The question before the House of Lords was
whether damages ought to be limited to the period from 17 December 2001 to 20
March 2003 (when war broke out) or for the full period from 17 December 2001
to 6 December 2005 (the earliest date for contractual redelivery of the
vessel). A majority of the House of Lords held that damages were to be so
limited. As McGregor elucidates at [8-100], two principles underlay and
justified the majority’s decision. The first is the _Bwllfa_ principle, which
Lord Bingham of Cornhill described in the following terms at 371:

It is that where the court making an assessment of damages has knowledge of
what actually happened it need not speculate about what might have happened
but should base itself on the known facts. In non-judicial discourse the point
has been made that you need not gaze into the crystal ball when you can read
the book.

The second principle is the overriding compensatory principle that damages
awarded for breach of contract should represent no more than the value of the
contractual benefits of which a plaintiff has been deprived. In _The Golden
Victory_ , the fact that the charterers would have cancelled on the outbreak
of war had to be taken into account because war had, in fact, broken out and
if the cancellation were to be ignored, the owner’s position would not have
been restored but substantially improved. Applying these principles to the
present case, the _Bwllfa_ principle dictates that the court should not close
its eyes to the fact that the plaintiff does not, at this point in time, have
any product that advertising services can attach to or be used for.
Furthermore, since the plaintiff’s real loss is the prize (see [20]), an award
of $70,000 in damages would also go against the compensatory principle since
the prize is most certainly worth less than $70,000 in cash (see [16]).

22 The second case is _Ruxley_. In _Ruxley_ , the contract was for a pool with
a diving area 7 feet 6 inches deep. The completed pool was suitable for diving
but the diving area was only 6 feet deep. The cost of rebuilding the pool to
the specified depth was £21,560. The House of Lords held that the plaintiff in
that case was not entitled to £21,560 and reinstated the trial judge’s award
of £2,500 for loss of amenity. Lord Jauncey of Tullichettle (“Lord Jauncey”)
held, at 357, that:

Damages are designed to compensate for an established loss and not to provide
a gratuitous benefit to the aggrieved party from which it follows that the
_reasonableness of an award of damages is to be linked directly to the loss
sustained_. [emphasis added]

_Ruxley_ was admittedly concerned with a different issue, namely whether the
measure of damages should be the difference in value or the cost of cure.
Nevertheless, Lord Jauncey’s statement that the _reasonableness_ of an award
of damages should be considered in determining what is the _loss sustained_
was a general observation and ought to be applicable outside the confines of
the specific issue in _Ruxley_. In the present case, I am of the view that it
would be _unreasonable_ to award the monetary equivalent of advertising
services when there is no possibility of advertising services being procured
at this point in time. On the logic of Lord Jauncey’s observation, this would
weigh in favour of a finding that the _loss sustained_ is the loss of the
prize.

(3) Objective value of the prize

23 The assessment of the objective value of the prize, to the plaintiff, is a
difficult task in light of the fact that no expert evidence was called by
either party on this issue. The plaintiff simply took the position that the
prize had a value of $70,000 whereas the defendant appears to have taken the
position that the prize was worth nothing.

24 As discussed at [15]–[16], I do not agree that the prize was worth nothing
but I also do not agree that the prize had a value of $70,000. The prize was
not worth nothing because it had value to the plaintiff since it could be
redeemed for $70,000 of advertising services, and the plaintiff did have
products for which such advertising services could be used. At the same time,
the value of the prize to the plaintiff would be reduced by the fact that the
prize had an expiry date. This is because whereas the plaintiff could use cash
to obtain advertising services at any point in time, the prize _had_ to be
redeemed within a specific time period and that time period may not have been
the best time for the plaintiff to advertise its product using this particular
medium. The objective value of the prize to the plaintiff would steadily
reduce as the expiry date drew closer. Indeed, if the prize had been
assignable or transferable, potential buyers would similarly have been willing
to pay less and less for the prize as the expiry date drew closer. The fact
that the prize was not assignable or transferable would further reduce its
objective value to the plaintiff as the prize could not be converted to cash,
even if the plaintiff was willing to sell at a discount, should the plaintiff
had required cash for other purposes or if it had determined that advertising
during the redemption period was not appropriate.

25 As mentioned above at [23], it is difficult to attribute an objective value
to the prize without the assistance of expert evidence, although one might
validly ask how much expert evidence could really help in a case such as this.
In any case, the court cannot shy away from the task of quantifying damages
just because assessment is difficult. As Chitty states at [26-007]:

The fact that damages are difficult to assess does not disentitle the claimant
to compensation for loss resulting from the defendant’s breach of contract.
Where it is clear that the claimant has suffered substantial loss, but the
evidence does not enable it to be precisely quantified, the court will assess
damages as best it can on the available evidence.

The redemption period for the prize was for slightly less than 7 months. It
commenced on 1 June 2008 and ended on 31 December 2008. According to the
Statement of Claim, the breach of contract occurred from late October 2008 to
early January 2009. Taking late October 2008 as the reference point, the prize
had a “life” of approximately 2 more months (out of the original 7 months
redemption period) at the time of breach. In my view, this fact would have
substantially reduced the value of the prize to the plaintiff at the material
time (_ie_ , the time of breach). The value of the prize to the plaintiff
would be furthered reduced by the fact that it was not assignable or
transferable. Considering these facts, I am of the view that a discount factor
of 30% should be applied, and I find that the plaintiff’s loss with regard to
the Clear Channel expenses amounts to $49,000 (for the loss of the prize). I
also find that the plaintiff should be entitled to the $4,900 incurred as GST
since this sum was also wasted due to the defendant’s breach.

ActMedia

26 ActMedia owns the rights to use advertising space at various golf courses
and driving ranges across Singapore (“golf media rights”) and licenses these
rights for a fee. These golf media rights had actually been purchased by
ActMedia, through its parent company Omni Marketing Group Asia Pte Ltd
(“Omni”), from the plaintiff in an agreement dated 15 December 2006 (“the 15
December 2006 agreement”). Pursuant to this agreement, the plaintiff was
entitled to set off any fees incurred in the course of licensing golf media
rights from ActMedia up to an amount of $600,000. For convenience, I shall
refer to this as $600,000 of advertising credits. Clause 3.4 of the 15
December 2006 agreement goes on to state that:

... The payment in the form of the aforesaid media space _shall be taken up by
the end of the year 2008_ in such manner as shall be pre-agreed by the parties
hereto before such utilization accordingly. [emphasis added]

The expenses incurred in relation to ActMedia amounted to $342,658.01. The
plaintiff incurred these expenses when they licensed golf media advertising
space from ActMedia in 2008. The expenses were paid using the balance of the
$600,000 of advertising credits obtained under the 15 December 2006 agreement.

27 The Defendant’s primary objection in relation to the ActMedia expenses is
the same one mounted in relation to the Clear Channel expenses. In essence,
the Defendant contends that the plaintiff has not suffered pecuniary loss and
should not be allowed to recover the sum of $342,658.01 because the expenses
were paid for using advertising credits.

28 In my view, the principles that I have set out in relation to the Clear
Channel expenses apply with equal force to the ActMedia expenses and I need
not reiterate them.

(1) Plaintiff’s loss –licence for golf media advertising space or the
advertising credits?

29 The plaintiff’s loss in relation to the ActMedia expenses can be
characterised either as the loss of the licence for golf media advertising
space or as the loss of the advertising credits. Adopting the same line of
reasoning that I employed at [18] in relation to the Clear Channel expenses, I
find that the plaintiff had converted the advertising credits into the licence
for golf media advertising space after the contract had been entered into and
such conversion had been done in reliance of the contract. Therefore, if “18”
had not been discontinued or if the plaintiff had some other product that the
licence for golf media advertising space could be used for, I would have
awarded the plaintiff damages measured by the objective value of the licence
for golf media advertising space (_ie_ , $342,658.01).

(2) Characterisation of the plaintiff’s loss in light of the fact that the
plaintiff no longer has any product to advertise

30 However, the fact that the plaintiff no longer has any product to advertise
must again be taken into consideration. As with the Clear Channel expenses, I
find it illogical and artificial to award the monetary substitute for the
licence for golf media advertising space when the plaintiff clearly does not
have any product for which this advertising space can be used for. Moreover,
such an award would over-compensate the plaintiff. Therefore, for similar
reasons to those that are set out at [19]–[22], I am of the view that the
plaintiff’s loss should be characterised as the loss of the advertising
credits.

(3) Objective value of the advertising credits

31 The $600,000 of advertising credits formed part of the purchase price paid
by Omni. Therefore, the objective value of the advertising credits, at the
time that the 15 December 2006 agreement was entered into, would correspond to
the increased sum that Omni would have had to pay if it had not granted the
plaintiff $600,000 of advertising credits. In my view, it is unlikely that a
reasonable seller, dealing at arm’s length, would accept $600,000 of
advertising credits in place of $600,000 cash. This is especially so given
that the advertising credits could not be assigned or transferred, and had to
be used by the end of December 2008. If $600,000 of the purchase price was to
be paid in advertising credits, I would think that a reasonable seller would
demand a higher overall price. This would in turn mean that the objective
value of the $600,000 of advertising credits would be less than $600,000.

32 Furthermore, as with the prize, the objective value of the advertising
credits to the plaintiff would steadily reduce as the “expiry date” drew
closer. The advertising credits could be used between 15 December 2006 and the
end of December 2008, a period of slightly more than 2 years. At the time of
the breach of contract, the advertising credits had a “life” of approximately
2 months (out of the original 24 months utilization period). Nevertheless,
this must be considered in the context of clause 3.4, which states that:

... In the event that the said media space is not fully utilized by the end of
year 2008, the Purchaser may at the request of the Vendor, extend the
utilization period beyond 2008 provided always that the Vendor is able to show
special circumstances for the non-full utilization at the end of year 2008.

In my view, the possibility of an extension of the utilization period (albeit
on the showing of special circumstances) would ameliorate, to a certain
extent, the impact of the “expiry date” on the objective value of the
advertising credits. I also note that the defendant did not cross-examine the
plaintiff’s witnesses substantially on the objective value of the advertising
credits to the plaintiff. The defendant also did not lead any evidence (expert
or otherwise) on this matter, although this was due to the fact that it took
the position that the plaintiff was not entitled to recover anything in
respect of the ActMedia expenses. Taking into consideration all the facts and
circumstances outlined above, I am of the view that a discount factor of 20%
should be applied, and I find that the plaintiff’s loss with regard to the
ActMedia expenses is $274,126.40 (for the loss of the advertising credits).

Groovy, Procolor and Big Bulb

33 The defendant’s primary objection to the expenses claimed in relation to
Groovy, Procolor and Big Bulb rests on an alleged “nexus” between these
companies and the plaintiff. To substantiate its assertion on the alleged
“nexus”, the defendant relies on two pieces of evidence. First, the defendant
relies on a newspaper article published in the Business Times where the
plaintiff’s Mr Tan Muey Hwa (“Mr Tan”) acknowledged Groovy and Procolor to be
his businesses. Second, the defendant relies on a people profile search
showing that Big Bulb is “substantially owned by [Mr Tan’s] wife Madam Chua
Boon Tin”.

34 However, a perusal of the people profile search of Mr Tan shows that while
he used to be a director of Groovy and Procolor, he had ceased to be a
director of these companies since 2006. Mr Tan explained that the Business
Times article was outdated and that he had clarified that he no longer owned
Groovy and Procolor but this had not been reflected in the article. With
regard to Big Bulb, the people profile search of Mr Tan shows that he has
never held any shareholding or directorship in Big Bulb. Mr Tan also gave
evidence that he was already divorced from Madam Chua Boon Tin.

35 Furthermore, as the plaintiff’s counsel pointed out, if there was indeed a
“nexus” between Groovy, Procolor, Big Bulb and the plaintiff, it would be
logical that these companies would give the plaintiff a discount rather than
overcharge it. Therefore, the defendant’s argument must be premised on some
_conspiracy or fraud_ by Groovy, Procolor, Big Bulb and the plaintiff to
overcharge the plaintiff so that the plaintiff could recover these inflated
expenses from the defendant. In my view, the “unusual circumstances” raised by
the defendant are not sufficient to sustain an allegation of conspiracy or
fraud. For example, the defendant points out that Groovy, Procolor and Big
Bulb had not been paid by the plaintiff, and that despite not being paid, had
not prosecuted their claims against the plaintiff in court. It may well be
that Groovy, Procolor and Big Bulb had decided not to prosecute their claims
at this point in time because of a good business relationship with Mr Tan, but
this does not necessarily lead to the conclusion that there was a conspiracy
or fraud. In any case, the defendant’s counsel had indicated at the hearing
that the defendant did not intend to make such allegations.

DC: Given their nexus and close relationship, inquiry as to damages. Dodgy
thing is that Mr Quek has not been paid anything yet. It’s in his affidavit.
This should have been exhibited.

PC: This goes back to the issues canvassed at the [summary judgment], which
are not relevant here. At the summary judgment on the question of liability,
Defendant raised defence that there was some grand conspiracy by Plaintiff to
defraud Defendant by entering into inflated claims. That defence was found to
be a sham. Now they are raising these issues again without having pleaded any
of this.

DC: _You will notice that we have not raised any issue of scam or fraud_.
Inquiry as to damages.

[emphasis added]

In my view, it is not sufficient for the defendant to simply allege a “nexus”
between Groovy, Procolor, Big Bulb and the plaintiff or to allege that the
facts “give rise to suspicion”. It is incumbent on the defendant to prove that
the expenses claimed had been inflated pursuant to some conspiracy or fraud.
This had not been done. Therefore, I find no merit in the alleged “nexus”
argument put forth by the defendant.

36 I now turn to consider whether the expenses incurred in relation to Groovy,
Procolor and Big Bulb are inflated, unusual or special such as to warrant
further scrutiny pursuant to the decision in _Robertson Quay_. The claims in
relation to Procolor and Big Bulb are for relatively small sums, $1,637.10 and
$3,210 respectively. The defendant has also not adduced any evidence that
these expenses were inflated, unusual or special. Therefore, I award the
plaintiff the full sums that it claimed in relation to Procolor and Big Bulb,
namely the sums of $1,637.10 and $3,210 respectively.

37 The $50,000 claimed by the plaintiff with regard to the Groovy expenses was
for photography services. Groovy charged the plaintiff $15,000 for photographs
of the “18” bottles, and $35,000 for photographs of models posing with “18”.
The plaintiff has produced invoices from Groovy which state the amounts
charged. According to Mr James Quek Boon Chuan (“Mr Quek”) of Groovy, these
fees are typical of projects similar in nature to the one undertaken by the
plaintiff. He added that the plaintiff had been given a slight discount on the
fees charged. To substantiate its allegation that Groovy’s fees are unusually
high, the defendant relies on a quotation by Photography By Eulee (“Eulee”)
and on invoices by Aziodes Studio (“Aziodes”). According to the quotation by
Eulee, Eulee would charge $500 for the photography services, product
photography for a maximum of 10 products, processing of a maximum 20 images
and rights for unlimited usage. The invoices by Aziodes showed that it had
charged $3,000 for photography services and unlimited usage of photographs of
12 infants, and had charged $2,500 for photography services and unlimited
usage of photographs involving 5 athletes.

38 At the outset, I note that the quote by Eulee and the invoices by Aziodes
are hearsay as the maker of these documents had not been called to give
evidence in court. The hearsay nature of these documents is especially
critical in the present case because the quote and the invoices may have been
for photography services that are not comparable to the photography services
provided by Groovy. Since the makers of these documents had not been called to
give evidence in court, the plaintiff could not cross-examine them on this
point. In any case, I accept Mr Tan’s uncontradicted testimony that the fees
charged by photography companies can vary substantially. This is because the
fees charged for photography services would logically depend on a multitude of
factors, such as the clientele targeted as well as the fame, skill and
experience of the photographers. For example, as Mr Tan pointed out, if a
famous photographer like John Clang had taken the photographs, his fees would
likely have been far in excess of $50,000. Therefore, to prove that the fees
charged by Groovy were inflated, unusual or special, the defendant would need
to call expert evidence to this effect, preferably from a company that
undertakes projects similar to those undertaken by Groovy. This was not done.
In these circumstances, I find that the plaintiff’s loss with regard to the
Groovy expenses is the $50,000 claimed.

Raffles Digital

39 The defendant made no submissions as regards the Raffles Digital expenses.
As such, I find that the plaintiff’s loss with regard to the Raffles Digital
expenses is the $26,373.09 claimed.

Catalyst

40 Catalyst is an advertising agency. The plaintiff had engaged Catalyst to
run the advertising and promotional campaign for “18”. The expenses incurred
in relation to Catalyst amounted to a sum of $199,369.87. The work done by
Catalyst included overseeing the concept and strategy of the advertising and
promotional campaign for “18”, coming up with the slogan (_ie_ , “18 – Thirst
for Life”), designing the logo for this slogan, designing the bottle labels,
designing the carton boxes, designing the stickers for chiller fridges and
vending machines, designing the posters and advertisements, designing the
product brochures and organizing the launch event at Cineleisure.

41 The defendant argued that the plaintiff has not adduced sufficient proof of
its loss because it did not adduce evidence of the breakdown of man hours
spent on the work or of the exact amount of time and effort expended by
Catalyst in carrying out the work done. The defendant’s argument is based on
the notion that the purpose of the assessment hearing is to satisfy the court,
amongst other issues, of “the true value of the work done by Catalyst”.
However, as held in _Robertson Quay_ at [31], a plaintiff would generally
discharge its burden of proving loss as long as it adduces cogent evidence of
the loss suffered. Since the reference is to _the loss suffered_ , I am of the
view that the plaintiff would discharge its burden of proving loss if it
adduces cogent evidence that Catalyst had indeed charged the plaintiff for the
expenses claimed. There is no additional requirement that the plaintiff
justify the amount charged by Catalyst unless the fees charged appear to be
inflated, unusual or special.

42 The plaintiff has produced the relevant invoices, the underlying
correspondence, and the work product. In my view, these documents show that
work had actually been done, and that the plaintiff had been charged for the
sums claimed. Ms Lynette Ng Siu Lien (“Ms Ng”) had also been called as a
witness to confirm the expenses by the plaintiff and to explain the type of
work done. For example, Ms Ng explained that the $40,000 charged for bottle
label design was for 4 versions (_ie_ , $10,000 for each version) and went
towards “art direction, supervision, copy”. She also pointed out that each
label had included trivial surrounding the number 18 (_eg_ , the game of
basketball was created with 18 players in 1891). Although the defendant did
manage to point out several inconsistencies in Ms Ng’s evidence, I am of the
view that these inconsistencies arose from a misunderstanding of the questions
put to her, and were not, in any case, consequential. The point is that the
plaintiff has produced _prima facie_ evidence of the loss it had suffered.
Therefore, the onus lay on the defendant to show that the fees charged were
inflated, unusual or special. To prove this, the defendant would need to call
expert evidence to this effect. This was not done. In these circumstances, I
find that the plaintiff’s loss with regard to the Catalyst expenses is the
$199,369.87 claimed.

Miscellaneous advertising expenses

43 The plaintiff also made several smaller claims for advertising expenses
that amounted to a sum of $4,638.95. The defendant made no submissions as
regards these expenses. As such, I find that the plaintiff’s loss with regard
to these miscellaneous expenses is the $4,638.95 claimed.

The general objection

(1) The applicable law

44 The defendant’s general objection is that the amount of advertising
expenses claimed is so large that it could not have been within the parties’
reasonable contemplation, and should thus be irrecoverable for being too
remote. In _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd v Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1
SLR 150 (“ _MFM Restaurants_ ”), the Court of Appeal held that the two limbs
set out in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341 (“ _Hadley_ ”) remain the
governing principles in relation to the doctrine of remoteness of damage in
contract law. The modern statement of the rule in _Hadley_ , as stated in
Chitty at [26-054], reads:

The combined effect of these cases may be summarised as follows: A type or
kind of loss is not too remote a consequence of a breach of contract if, at
the time of contracting (and on the assumption that the parties actually
foresaw the breach in question), it was within their reasonable contemplation
as a not unlikely result of that breach.

45 As explained in _Victoria Laundry v Newman_ [1949] 2 KB 528 (“ _Victoria
Laundry_ ”) at 539, what would be in the reasonable contemplation of parties
depends on the knowledge then possessed by the parties. The court went to
state that:

... For this purpose, knowledge "possessed" is of two kinds; one imputed, the
other actual. Everyone, as a reasonable person, is taken to know the "ordinary
course of things" and consequently what loss is liable to result from a breach
of contract in that ordinary course. This is the subject matter of the "first
rule" in _Hadley v. Baxendale_. But to this knowledge, which a contract-
breaker is assumed to possess whether he actually possesses it or not, there
may have to be added in a particular case knowledge which he actually
possesses, of special circumstances outside the "ordinary course of things,"
of such a kind that a breach in those special circumstances would be liable to
cause more loss. Such a case attracts the operation of the "second rule" so as
to make additional loss also recoverable.

46 As Chitty states at [26-058], the reference to “the loss” in the
formulations of the test for remoteness of damages is to be interpreted as the
type or kind of loss in question. In other words, it is the _type_ of loss
that must be in the reasonable contemplation of the parties, not the precise
detail or _quantum_ of the damage. In _Zicom Pte Ltd v Antara Koh Pte Ltd_
[1997] SGHC 215 at [97], Judith Prakash J cited the case of _Christopher Hill
Ltd v Ashington Piggeries Ltd_ [1969] 3 All ER 1496 which held, at 1524, that:

In order to establish liability for the damage caused by a breach of contract,
the party who had suffered damage does not have to show that the contract-
breaker ought to have contemplated, as not being unlikely, the precise detail
of the damage or the precise manner of its happening. _It is enough if he
should have contemplated that damage of that kind is not unlikely_. [emphasis
added]

The case of _Wroth v Tyler_ [1974] 1 Ch 30 is also instructive. In that case,
the plaintiff buyers of a house claimed damages from the defendant seller for
his failure to complete. The court held that the plaintiffs were entitled to
claim as damages the market price of a similar house at the time of the
judgment less the contract price, being the “reliance loss” suffered by the
plaintiffs as a result of the breach, although the rise in property prices
over the relevant period had been of an unprecedented magnitude. The court
reasoned, at 60–61, as follows:

Here, the parties contemplated a rise in house prices, but not a rise of an
amount approaching that which in fact took place. A rise which nearly doubled
the market price of the property was, as the evidence showed, outside the
contemplation of the parties, and so it could not be recovered. Thus ran the
argument.

I do not think that this can be right. _On principle, it seems to me to be
quite wrong to limit damages flowing from a contemplated state of affairs to
the amount that the parties can be shown to have had in contemplation_ , for
to do this would require evidence of the calculation in advance of what is
often incalculable until after the event. The function of the so-called
"second rule" in _Hadley v. Baxendale_ , 9 Exch. 341, seems to me to be not so
much to add to the damages recoverable as to exclude from them any liability
for any type or kind of loss which could not have been foreseen when the
contract was made. _No authority was put before me which appeared to me to
provide any support for the alleged requirement that the quantum should have
been in contemplation_. So far as it went, the language used in the
authorities that were cited seems to me to have been directed to the heads of
damage rather than to quantum.

Similarly, in _Brown v KMR Service_ [1995] 4 All ER 598, the defendants argued
unsuccessfully that the catastrophic losses suffered by the plaintiffs as a
result of becoming members of high risk syndicates were too remote on the
basis that the scale and magnitude of the financial disasters which struck
were unprecedented and therefore unforeseeable. Since it must always have been
foreseeable, and a not unlikely result, that the plaintiffs might suffer some
financial loss from their excessive exposure, it was immaterial to their
liability that the degree of that loss was unforeseeable.

47 Nevertheless, as Chitty points out at [26-058]:

The application of the test for remoteness to a particular set of facts
therefore depends largely on the judicial discretion to categorise losses into
broad categories, without requiring any contemplation of the precise manner in
which the loss was caused, or of the precise details of the loss.

In other words, the concept of type of loss is a fluid one and the appropriate
characterisation of the type of loss suffered will depend heavily on the
particular set of facts before the court. For example, “loss of profit” can
obviously be characterised as a type of loss. However, in _Victoria Laundry_ ,
the court distinguished between profits from different activities, namely
between loss of laundry profits and loss of profits from especially lucrative
dyeing contracts.

(2) The type of loss that was in the reasonable contemplation of the parties

48 Having set out the applicable law, I now turn to consider the arguments
advanced by the plaintiff and the defendant. The plaintiff argued that since
advertising expenses as a type of loss must have been in the reasonable
contemplation of the parties, such loss should be recoverable regardless of
the quantum of the loss.

49 The defendant argued that it could not have reasonably contemplated that
such a large amount of advertising expenses would be incurred because it
viewed the contract as a simple supply contract for modest quantities of “18”
(the minimum order being just 1 trailer load) for a minimum period of just 2
years. It was not aware that the plaintiff would be embarking on a massive
advertising campaign that was disproportionate to the volume of sales or
revenue, and in any case, had not assumed responsibility for the financial
consequences of the plaintiff’s failed branding exercise because it had no
obligation under the contract to help the plaintiff build the “18” brand. The
corollary to the plaintiff being the sole bearer of the risk of the branding
exercise was that the plaintiff alone would enjoy a potential upside of the
brand becoming famous.

50 If Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping
Inc_ [2009] 1 AC 61 (“ _The Achilleas_ ”) is adopted, it might perhaps be said
that the defendant had not assumed responsibility for the consequences of the
plaintiff’s failed branding exercise, and that the loss suffered is thus too
remote. However, in _MFM Restaurants_ , the Court of Appeal expressly declined
to follow Lord Hoffmann’s approach in _The Achilleas_. The defendant’s
argument on assumption of responsibility is therefore a non-starter.

51 The defendant’s argument that it could not have reasonably contemplated the
amount of advertising expenses incurred similarly misses the point because it
is the _type_ of loss that needs to be in the parties’ reasonable
contemplation, not the amount or _quantum_ of the loss. However, as discussed
at [47], the concept of type of loss is fluid. The type of loss can be defined
broadly or narrowly. If the type of loss is defined broadly as _advertising
expenses_ , it would follow that this type of loss would have been in the
reasonable contemplation of the parties, and the advertising expenses claimed
would not be too remote. In the case of a contract for the supply of drinks
for sale to consumers, I think it must ordinarily be in the parties’
reasonable contemplation that advertising expenses would be incurred and that
such expenses may be wasted should the supplier breach the contract by
supplying defective drinks. As such, there is no need to prove actual
knowledge since this knowledge would be imputed to the parties. In this
regard, the case authorities show that the courts have allowed plaintiffs to
recover advertising expenses which have been wasted as a result of the
defendants’ breaches without requiring that the plaintiffs prove that the
defendants had actual knowledge that advertising expenses would be incurred
(see _Walhane v Wendy’s Supa Sundaes_ [2000] SADC 39 at [72]; _G W Sinclair &
Company v Cocks_ [2001] VSCA 47 at [54]–[55]).

52 Having said that, I do not think that such a broad characterisation of the
type of loss is appropriate. In my view, there is distinction in _substance_
between expenses incurred in _nationwide advertising_ and expenses incurred in
_regional or worldwide advertising_. The strategy and concept, the mediums
used for advertising, the market research, the type of launch events, and even
the models used in a regional or worldwide advertising campaign would all
likely be different from that of a nationwide advertising campaign. The
question may then validly be asked whether a distinction can similarly be
drawn between normal advertising expenditure and high-end advertising
expenditure. I do not think that it is useful to draw a distinction between
normal advertising expenditure and high-end advertising expenditure because
the only thing that truly distinguishes normal advertising expenditure from
high-end advertising expenditure is the _quantum_ of money spent and this
translates to the quantum of the loss in a claim for “reliance loss”.
Therefore, if the court were to distinguish between normal advertising
expenditure and high-end advertising expenditure, it would in effect be
requiring parties to have reasonably contemplated the _quantum_ of the loss.

53 Coming back to the case at hand, I am of the view that under the first limb
of _Hadley_ , the type of advertising in the reasonable contemplation of the
parties was nationwide advertising because there had been no reference
anywhere in the contract to delivery of “18” to locations overseas, and the
prospect of regional or worldwide advertising never came up in the parties’
discussions apart from a solitary mention of the possibility of Tiger Woods
endorsing “18” which never materialised. Therefore, I am of the view that all
advertising expenses incurred in nationwide advertising should be recoverable,
but all advertising expenses incurred in relation to regional or worldwide
advertising would be irrecoverable for being too remote unless the defendant
had actual knowledge that these expenses would be incurred.

54 Most of the advertising expenses in the present case were incurred as part
of a nationwide advertising campaign, and would thus not be regarded as too
remote. For example, the photographs were not used in any overseas
advertising, the advertisements at bus-stops and on golf dividers were all
placed in Singapore, and the press release was for a launch event in
Singapore. The only exception pertains to certain expenses incurred in
relation to Catalyst. In cross-examination, Ms Ng admitted that a premium was
charged on certain expenses because “18” had the potential to compete on the
global stage. The relevant portions of the cross-examination are as follows:

Q: Bearing in mind that there are 13 invoices, say strategy and concept you
say $20,000, this is based on man hours?

A: Explain how we charge for strategy and concept. Typically it’s a rounded
figure. Depending on the scope of work the client requires, our agency starts
from $5,000 to $40,000 based on the scope of work. In part based on the number
of hours we spend working on it and depend[s] on the product and brand itself
then we levy a premium on it. “18” has the potential to compete on a global
stage, so for a brand like that, the fee we charge is higher as compared to a
product on a smaller basis, for example, the Singapore market.

...

Q: For strategy and concept, you say between $5,000 and $40,000?

A: In this case we came up with the name and strapline.

Q: Mr [Tan] said to you that he had this brand that could be a huge global
phenomenon, is that what he said?

A: He said he had this idea for a sports drink. But based on his earlier
success with “Anything” and “Whatever”, we thought this had the potential to
be a product that would compete on the global stage.

Q: From what he told you, surmised that it would [go] global?

A: It had the potential to.

Q: Did he tell you he expected it to go global or surmise yourself?

A: Primary discussion was to launch in Singapore first, then take it outside
Singapore.

Q: Do the same considerations go into logo and strapline? Apply same sort of
premium?

A: That’s right.

Q: If it’s just a local product for local consumption, what is the range you
have here?

A: Within the advertising world, many different items we charge for. In this
particular case, it’s the brand. It’s a critical thing for “18”. For plain
advertisements competing on the local stage, we charge from $5,000 onwards.

Ct: For strapline and logo or strategy [and] concept?

A: Starting at $5,000 each.

55 As discussed at [52], the type of advertising expenses that would have been
in the parties’ reasonable contemplation is nationwide advertising. Therefore,
insofar as a premium was charged because of the potential of “18” to go
global, this would be irrecoverable for being too remote unless the defendant
had actual knowledge of the real possibility of “18” going global. On the
facts before me, there is no evidence that the defendant had such actual
knowledge. According to Ms Ng, Catalyst would charge $5,000 onwards for
“strategy and concept” and “logo and strapline” in the case of products
competing on the local stage. In the circumstances, I reduce the damages with
regard to these expenses from $20,000 and $25,000 to $5,000 each.

(3) Whether the plaintiff would have recouped its expenditure

56 Where the claim is for “reliance loss”, there is one further limitation to
the full recovery of loss that is both validly incurred and not too remote. As
held in _CCC Films (London) v Impact Quadrant Films_ [1985] QB 16 (“ _CCC
Films_ ”) at 32, a plaintiff should only be entitled to recover its wasted
expenditure to the extent that such expenses could have been recovered if the
contract had been properly performed. In this regard, Hutchison J went on to
state, at 40, that where a defendant’s breach prevents the plaintiff from
exploiting the subject matter of the contract, it would be fair to place the
burden of proving that the plaintiff would not recoup its expenditure on the
defendant.

57 The present case is similar to _CCC Films_. By supplying the plaintiff with
defective “18”, the defendant had caused the plaintiff to discontinue “18”
after less than 4 months in the market, thereby making it impossible for the
plaintiff to prove the amount of profits it would have earned. As such, the
burden should be on the defendant to prove, on the balance of probabilities,
that the plaintiff would not have recouped the advertising expenses even if
the defendant had not breached the contract.

58 In support of its assertion that the plaintiff would not have recouped its
advertising expenses, the defendant relies on the sales figures of “18” from
October 2008 to January 2009, which the defendant argued indicate that the
plaintiff would not have recovered advertising expenses in excess of $700,000
even if the defendant had not breached its obligations. I am of the view that
this is not sufficient evidence to support a finding that the plaintiff would
not have recouped its expenditure even if the contract had been properly
performed. As the plaintiff’s counsel pointed out, the defendant’s analysis of
the sales figures of “18” simply took the sales revenue from October 2008 to
January 2009 and multiplied it over a period of 2 years. This computation does
not factor in potential growth in sales over time. Furthermore, the contract
was stated to be for a _minimum_ period of 2 years. As such, parties clearly
contemplated that “18” would be sold for at least 2 years, and potentially for
a longer period after that. As held in _Commonwealth of Australia v Amann
Aviation_ (1991) 66 ALJR 123, the prospect of securing a renewal of a contract
can be properly taken into account in a determination of whether the plaintiff
would have recouped its expenditure had the contract been properly performed.
In these circumstances, I am of the view that the defendant has failed to
discharge its burden of proving that the advertising expenses would not have
been recouped if the contract had been properly performed.

Drinks and bottle moulds

59 A total of $39,648.90 was paid by the plaintiff to the defendant for the
“18” and the bottle moulds. The plaintiff claimed this amount from the
defendant on the basis that these expenses were incurred in reliance of the
contract and had been wasted as a result of the defendant’s breach. Although
the plaintiff enjoyed some sales revenue from “18”, this benefit has been
accounted for in the reduction of the overall amount of expenses claimed by
$22,071.91, this sum being the sales revenue of “18”.

60 I am satisfied that these expenses had genuinely been incurred, and had
been wasted as a result of the defendant’s breach. I have considered the
defendant’s various objections to the plaintiff recovering this sum, but I
find no merit in any of these objections. Therefore, I award the plaintiff the
full sum of $39,648.90 claimed.

Warehouse and forklift

61 The defendant accepted that the parties knew or ought to have reasonably
contemplated that the plaintiff would incur expenses in relation to the
renting of the warehouse and the forklift. However, it objected to the full
recovery of these expenses on two grounds. First, it argued that the rental of
the warehouse and the forklift was not in reliance of the contract because the
rental agreement for the warehouse (“the rental agreement”) was entered into
before the contract had been entered into. Second, it argued that it would be
unjust to foist these expenses on the defendant alone because the plaintiff
had used the warehouse and the forklift for “Anything” and “Whatever”. I will
deal with these arguments in turn.

62 In my view, the fact that the rental agreement was entered into before the
contract had been entered into would not preclude the plaintiff from
recovering such expenses. As held in _Anglia TV v Reed_ [1972] QB 60 at 64:

If the plaintiff claims the wasted expenditure, he is not limited to the
expenditure incurred _after_ the contract was concluded. He can claim also the
expenditure incurred _before_ the contract, provided that it was such as would
reasonably be in the contemplation of the parties as likely to be wasted if
the contract was broken. [emphasis in original]

The contract was for purchase of “18” in bulk from the defendant for the
purpose of distribution to potential customers. Therefore, the defendant must
have reasonably contemplated that a warehouse and forklift would be rented,
and that such expenses would be wasted if the contract was broken. Further,
the unchallenged evidence of the plaintiff’s Mr Tan and Ms Yong Kai Fern (“Ms
Yong”) was that the plaintiff had come up with the idea for “18” in or around
September 2007, before the rental agreement was entered into on 12 March 2008.
Mr Tan also testified that he had rented the warehouse and the forklift _for_
“18” and Ms Yong stated, in her affidavit, that the warehouse was used almost
entirely for the storage of “18” from October 2008 onwards. In these
circumstances, the expenses in relation to the rental of the warehouse and the
forklift should be recoverable as they had been incurred in reliance of the
contract, and had been wasted because of the defendant’s breach.

63 The defendant’s Mr Raymond Ker Bock Chuan (“Mr Ker”) testified that he had
noticed, during his various visits to the plaintiff’s warehouse, that the
warehouse was used to store “Anything” and “Whatever”. He also testified that
he had seen the forklift being used to transport “Anything” and “Whatever” to
clear up space for his goods. Mr Tan also did not deny that “Anything” and
“Whatever” had been stored in the warehouse even after October 2008, although
he qualified this by saying that “very little” had still be stored.

64 In my view, even if the warehouse and the forklift had been used for
“Anything” and “Whatever”, the plaintiff should still be entitled to recover
the expenses incurred in renting the warehouse and the forklift. This is
because it was within the reasonable contemplation of the parties that the
plaintiff would have to rent the warehouse and forklift to store and transport
“18”. It is also the unchallenged evidence of the plaintiff’s Mr Tan that the
sole reason why the plaintiff rented the warehouse and the forklift was in
order to store and transport “18”, not “Anything” and “Whatever”. This is
because the plaintiff had engaged another company, P H Marketing, to
distribute “Anything” and “Whatever” and P H Marketing had its own warehouse
where the drinks could be stored. The fact that free space in the warehouse
was used to store “Anything” and “Whatever” does not detract from the fact
that the entire warehouse and the forklift had been leased for the purpose of
storing and transporting “18”. In these circumstances, I award the plaintiff
the full sum of $36,241.82 claimed as expenses incurred in renting the
warehouse and the forklift.

Expenses incurred as a result of the recall of “18”

65 As a result of the recall of “18” that was precipitated by the defendant’s
breach, the plaintiff was forced to incur further expenses. First, the
plaintiff had to engage a transport company to assist with the retrieval of
vending machines and chillers fridges from its customers. Second, the
plaintiff was under contractual obligations to many of its customers to supply
them with drinks. As such, the plaintiff had to purchase sports drinks of
another brand, Sportade, from a competing distributor to replace the remainder
of the “18” recalled. Third, the plaintiff had to engage a disposal company to
dispose of the “18” in the presence of an AVA officer. These expenses amounted
to $7,549.29.

66 In my view, these expenses were clearly consequential pecuniary losses that
should be recoverable. Therefore, I award the plaintiff the full sum of
$7,549.29 claimed as expenses incurred as a result of the recall of “18”.

Fridge and vending machine expenses

67 The defendant accepted that the expenses incurred by the plaintiff in
purchasing fridges and vending machines are losses which the plaintiff would
be entitled to recover from the defendant, subject to mitigation. However, the
defendant argued that the plaintiff should not be allowed to recover these
expenses in full because it did not address the court satisfactorily as to why
they decided to discontinue “18” instead of engaging an alternative
manufacturer. In this regard, the defendant relied on 3 quotes from O-Dean
Food Industry (“O-Dean”), Foshan Sanshui (“Foshan”) and Universal
NutriBeverage (“Universal”) to show that there were alternative manufacturers
that the plaintiff could have engaged, and that these manufacturers would have
charged less than the amount charged by the defendant.

68 At the outset, I note that the quotes by O-Dean and Foshan indicate that
they use a “hot fill” process whereas the “18” bottle moulds could only be
used for “cold fill”. The “18” bottles also used a sports cap but the quote
from Universal applied to bottles which do not have a sports cap. In light of
these differences, it might not have been feasible for the plaintiff to engage
O-Dean, Foshan or Universal as an alternative manufacturer.

69 In any case, I am of the view that the plaintiff had acted reasonably when
it decided to discontinue “18”. It had first afforded the defendant the
opportunity to remedy the defects. It then attempted to source for an
alternative manufacturer. In this regard, I accept Mr Tan’s evidence that he
had contacted O-Dean personally to ask them for a quote, but that there had
been no reply. Mr Tan also testified that he tried to find alternative
suppliers on Ali Baba, but his efforts were hampered by the defendant’s
failure to provide the plaintiff with a copy of the “18” formula or the
specifications for its bottles. The plaintiff only decided to discontinue the
“18” brand after the AVA directed the recall of all stocks of “18” and put up
an advisory warning against the consumption of “18”. By this time, the “18”
brand would have been irretrievably damaged, and it would thus not have made
sense for the plaintiff to continue searching for an alternative manufacturer.

70 In these circumstances, I find that the plaintiff had acted reasonably to
mitigate its losses. The plaintiff’s claim for losses incurred in purchasing
the fridges and the vending machines for “18” already excludes the amounts
recovered by the plaintiff from the sale of the fridges and the vending
machines. Therefore, I award the plaintiff the full sum of $15,657.19 that it
claimed as fridge and vending machine expenses.

Conclusion

71 For the foregoing reasons, I award the plaintiff the following sums as
damages:

(a)

$53,900 for the Clear Channel expenses;

(b)

$274,126.40 for the ActMedia expenses;

(c)

$50,000 for the Groovy expenses;

(d)

$1,637.10 for the Procolor expenses;

(e)

$3,210 for the Big Bulb expenses;

(f)

$26,373.09 for the Raffles Digital expenses;

(g)

$164,369.87 for the Catalyst expenses;

(h)

$4,638.95 for the miscellaneous advertising expenses;

(i)

$39,648.90 for the payments for drinks and bottle moulds;

(j)

$36,241.82 for warehouse and forklift expenses;

(k)

$7,549.29 for the expenses incurred as a result of the recall;

(l)

$15,657.19 for the fridge and vending machine expenses.

72 After deducting the $22,071.91 of sales revenue from “18”, the total
quantum of damages awarded is $655,280.70. I will now hear the parties on
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

