Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) _v_
Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence)  
[2011] SGHC 109

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 783 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 454
of 2010) (Summonses 387 of 2011 and 402 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edwin Lee and Joni Tan (Eldan Law LLP) for the plaintiff;
Adrian Wong and Nelson Goh (Rajah & Tann LLP) (briefed) and Koh Kok Kwang
(CTLC Law Corporation) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction
Engineering) — Lee Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal in Civil Appeal No 44 of 2011 was dismissed
and the appeal in Civil Appeal No 46 of 2011 was allowed by the Court of
Appeal on 2 November 2012. See [2012] SGCA 63.]

29 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”)
dismissing the defendant’s application to set aside an adjudication
determination dated 7 July 2010 (“the Adjudication Determination”) made under
the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the SOPA”). The defendant’s application was made in response to the
plaintiff’s application (by way of Originating Summons No 783 of 2010) to
enforce the Adjudication Determination as a judgment under section 27 of the
SOPA.

2 The defendant raised three issues before the AR, who decided all three of
them against him. Before me, the defendant only appealed against the AR’s
findings on two of the three issues. After hearing the arguments from both
parties, I agreed with the AR on one issue but disagreed with him on the
other. In the result, I allowed the defendant’s appeal and his application.

3 As the Adjudication Determination was for the sum of only $125,450.40, the
parties required leave under section 34(2)(a) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) if they wished to appeal to the Court of
Appeal. The defendant applied for leave to appeal against my decision on the
issue on which I agreed with the AR and ruled against him. The defendant’s
application was however contingent on the plaintiff also seeking leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal. One day after the defendant filed his
application, the plaintiff did apply for such leave.

4 The SOPA has been the subject of several High Court decisions. In my
opinion, a decision of the Court of Appeal would help clarify the law on
payment claims under the SOPA for the construction industry. I therefore gave
both parties leave to appeal despite the fact that they had already proceeded
to litigate their dispute in court. Both the plaintiff and the defendant have
filed their appeals accordingly (Civil Appeal No 46 of 2011 and Civil Appeal
No 44 of 2011 respectively) and I now set out the grounds of my decision.

Brief factual background

5 The AR has set out the facts in detail at [3] to [9] of his decision (see
_Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) v Lee
Wee Lick Terence @ Li Weili Terence_ [2010] SGHC 333) (“the AR’s decision”). I
will limit my account here to the salient facts.

6 The plaintiff is in the business of building and renovation works. The
defendant is a private individual who engaged the plaintiff in August 2008 as
the main contractor for the conversion of his two-storey house at 1 Pasir Ris
Heights into a three-storey house. Relations soured and the defendant
purported to terminate his contract with the plaintiff by way of a letter
dated 21 April 2010. In the same letter, the plaintiff was instructed to
vacate the construction site by 12 noon on 26 April 2010\. On 2 June 2010, the
plaintiff served “Payment Claim No 6” on the defendant. The defendant did not
serve a payment response.

7 On 18 June 2010, the plaintiff served the defendant with a “Notice of
Intention to Apply for Adjudication” in compliance with section 13(2) of the
SOPA. On 22 June 2010, the plaintiff filed an adjudication application (“the
Adjudication Application”) with the Singapore Mediation Centre (“the SMC”).
The SMC served the Adjudication Application on the defendant that same day.
The defendant did not lodge an adjudication response with the SMC.

8 On 7 July 2010, the Adjudication Determination was made, awarding the
plaintiff $125,450.40. As stated above, the plaintiff applied to enforce this
and hence the defendant’s application to set it aside.

The issues

9 The AR identified the three issues which arose before him as follows (see
[10] of the AR’s decision):

(a)

Whether Payment Claim No 6 was a valid payment claim under the SOPA;

(b)

Whether Payment Claim No 6 was served in accordance with the SOPA;

(c)

Whether Payment Claim No 6, if it had been served in accordance with the SOPA,
was nevertheless served out of time.

The AR decided all three issues against the defendant and dismissed his
application to set aside the Adjudication Determination. Before me, on the
defendant’s appeal against the AR’s dismissal of his application, the
defendant only contested the AR’s findings on the first and the third issues.

Preliminary issue: what should the court review?

10 The preliminary question which these two issues raised was whether the
court ought to even review the Adjudicator’s decision on the said issues.

The earlier cases

11 Following Judith Prakash J’s (“Prakash J’s”) decision in _Chip Hup Hup Kee
Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering & Construction Co Ltd_ [2010] 1
SLR 658 (“ _Chip Hup_ ”), it would appear that the two issues do not pertain
to whether an adjudicator has properly assumed jurisdiction and thus should
not be considered by the court. Prakash J held the following at [54]:

54  _I was unable to accept the respondent's argument that the jurisdiction of
the Adjudicator was determined according to whether the claimant had followed
the requirements of the SOP Act in connection with the form and content of the
payment claim and the time at which it had to be served, or not_. I took the
view that the Adjudicator's jurisdiction, in the sense of his power to hear
and determine the adjudication, could not depend on such adventitious
elements. _It appeared to me that, as the claimant submitted, the
Adjudicator's jurisdiction arose from his appointment by an authorised
nominating body under s 14(1) of the SOP Act and from his acceptance of such
appointment. Whether the payment claim was in proper order or not would not
have an impact on the Adjudicator's jurisdiction_ , though of course if it was
not in order, the Adjudicator would be able to throw out the claim on that
basis. _Once an appointment had been made and confirmed to the parties by the
authorised nominating body under s 14(3), jurisdiction would have been
conferred on the Adjudicator in relation to that particular adjudication
application_.

[emphasis added]

At [55], the judge made reference to two New South Wales Supreme Court
decisions and went on to hold at [56]:

56  _Similarly, under our legislation, the jurisdiction of an adjudicator
stems from his appointment. It does not stem from a properly completed and
served payment claim. The powers and functions of the adjudicator come from s
16 of the SOP Act and not from any action on the part of the claimant_. The
respondent's argument in respect of the Adjudicator's jurisdiction was
analogous to an argument that the High Court's jurisdiction to hear any
particular dispute depends on whether the writ of summons or other originating
process is in proper form when in fact the court's jurisdiction comes from the
provisions of the SCJA or other relevant legislation, depending on the nature
of the proceedings.

[emphasis added]

12 Therefore, according to Prakash J, an adjudicator obtains jurisdiction to
hear and determine an adjudication application as soon as he accepts the
appointment made by the SMC. Applying that to the case before me, it appears
that as an adjudicator’s jurisdiction does not stem from a “properly completed
and served payment claim”, this court should not be reviewing the
Adjudicator’s decision on the two issues raised in this appeal.

13 About two months after her decision in _Chip Hup_ , Prakash J set out her
views in _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 733
(“ _SEF Construction_ ”) on the court’s role when asked to set aside an
adjudication determination or a judgment arising from the same. She said at
[42]:

42 Accordingly, instead of reviewing the merits (in any direct or indirect
fashion), _it is my view that the court's role must be limited to supervising
the appointment and conduct of the adjudicator to ensure that the statutory
provisions governing such appointment and conduct are adhered to and that the
process of the adjudication, rather than the substance, is proper_. After all,
in any case, even if the adjudicator does make an error of fact or law in
arriving at his adjudication determination, such error can be rectified or
compensated for in subsequent arbitration or court proceedings initiated in
accordance with the contract between the claimant and the respondent and
intended to resolve all contractual disputes that have arisen.

[emphasis added]

14 To further elucidate the limits of the court’s role, Prakash J had regard
to the New South Wales Court of Appeal (“NSW CA”) case of _Brodyn Pty Ltd v
Davenport_ [2004] NSWCA 394 (“ _Brodyn_ ”). In _Brodyn_ , Hodgson JA first
stated (at [51]) that the scheme of the equivalent New South Wales Act (“the
NSW Act”) “appears strongly against the availability of judicial review on the
basis of non-jurisdictional error of law.” The judge went on (at [53]) to
consider what the conditions for the existence of an adjudicator’s
determination were:

The basic and essential requirements appear to include the following:

1.The existence of a construction contract between the claimant and the
respondent, to which the Act applies (ss 7 and 8).

_2_. _The service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s
13)_.

3.The making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating authority (s 17).

4.The reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator, who accepts the
application (ss 18 and 19).

5.The determination by the adjudicator of this application (ss 19(2) and
21(5)), by determining the amount of the progress payment, the date on which
it becomes or became due and the rate of interest payable (ss 22(1)) and the
issue of a determination in writing (ss 22(3)(a))."

[emphasis added]

As for more detailed statutory requirements of the NSW Act such as “section
13(2) as to the content of payment claims; section 17 as to the time when an
adjudication application can be made and as to its contents”, Hodgson JA
disapproved of the approach which asked “whether an error by the adjudicator
in determining whether any of these requirements is satisfied is a
jurisdictional or non-jurisdictional error” as he thought that approach
“tended to cast the net too widely”. He preferred to ask “whether a
requirement being considered was intended by the legislature to be an
essential pre-condition for the existence of an adjudicator's determination.”
(see _Brodyn_ at [54])

15 At [44] and [45] of _SEF Construction_ , Prakash J adopted Hodgson JA’s
discussion on the basic and essential requirements:

44 ... _However, the discussion on the essential conditions to be satisfied
for the existence of a valid adjudication determination_ (and by this I am
referring to formal validity without regard to whether the court agrees with
the substance of the determination or not) _can be applied to the SOP Act with
suitable modifications to reflect the duties of the adjudicator as expressly
stated in the_ statute.

45 Thus I consider that an application to the court under s 27(5) must concern
itself with, and the court’s role must be limited to, determining the
existence of the following basic requirements:

(a) the existence of a contract between the claimant and the respondent, to
which the SOP Act applies (s 4);

(_b_) _the service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s
10);_

(c) the making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating body (s 13);

(d) the reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator who agrees to
determine the adjudication application (s 14);

(e) the determination by the adjudicator of the application within the
specified period by determining the adjudicated amount (if any) to be paid by
the respondent to the claimant; the date on which the adjudicated amount is
payable; the interest payable on the adjudicated amount and the proportion of
the costs payable by each party to the adjudication (ss 17(1) and (2));

(f) whether the adjudicator acted independently and impartially and in a
timely manner and complied with the principles of natural justice in
accordance with s 16(3); and

(g) in the case where a review adjudicator or panel of adjudicators has been
appointed, whether the same conditions existed, _mutandis mutandi_ , as under
(a) to (f) above.

[emphasis added]

16 Although sub-paragraph (b) of [45] in _SEF Construction_ (which followed
from sub-point 2 of [53] in _Brodyn_) included the service by the claimant on
the respondent of a payment claim, Prakash J made clear at [46] of _SEF
Construction_ that whether a purported payment claim was actually a payment
claim under the SOPA was an issue for the adjudicator:

... Similarly, although the SOP Act requires a payment claim to be served,
_whether or not the document purporting to be a payment claim which has been
served by a claimant is actually a payment claim is an issue for the
adjudicator and not the court_. In this respect, I agree entirely with Hodgson
JA's reasoning in _Brodyn_ (([32]  _supra_) at [66]):

... If there is a document served by a claimant on a respondent that purports
to be a payment claim under the Act, questions as to whether the document
complies in all respects with the requirements of the Act are generally, in my
opinion, for the adjudicator to decide. Many of these questions can involve
doubtful questions of fact and law; and as I have indicated earlier, in my
opinion the legislature has manifested an intention that the existence of a
determination should not turn on answers to questions of this kind. However, I
do not need to express a final view on this.

[emphasis added]

17 Prakash J next decided the case of _AM Associates (Singapore) Pte Ltd v
Laguna National Golf and Country Club Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 260 (“ _AM Associates_
”), in which she applied her holdings in _SEF Construction_. The respondent in
the adjudication proceedings there applied to set aside the adjudication
determination on the basis that the payment claim it was served with (“Payment
Claim 1”) was not a valid payment claim under the SOPA. Prakash J held (at
[20]):

... It was not my place to determine whether Payment Claim 1 was a valid
payment claim or not. This was an enquiry that fell squarely within the
jurisdiction of the Adjudicator and it is one that he recognised and dealt
with. _What the court would be concerned with is whether prior to making an
adjudication application the claimant had served a purported payment claim_.
In this case, Payment Claim 1 had been served by AMA and _whether it was
actually a “payment claim” within the meaning of that term under the SOP Act,
was a mixed question of law and fact for the Adjudicator_ , who would be privy
to the facts, _to decide_.

[emphasis added]

Sungdo Engineering

18 Shortly after the _AM Associates_ decision, Lee Seiu Kin J (“Lee J”)
decided the case of _Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Italcor
Pte Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 459 (“ _Sungdo Engineering_ ”). An appeal was filed
against Lee J’s decision but was subsequently withdrawn. There, the respondent
in the adjudication proceedings applied to set aside the adjudication order on
the basis that the letter which the claimant purported to be a payment claim
(“the 2008 Letter”) did not in fact constitute a payment claim under the SOPA.
Lee J found notable the conclusion of the 2008 Letter (see _Sungdo
Engineering_ at [27]):

Please therefore let us have your payment.

Finally, we wish you greetings of the season!

He decided (at [23]) that the 2008 Letter was not a payment claim under the
SOPA, even though it arguably contained the information prescribed in the SOPA
and the regulations made thereunder, for the following five reasons.

(a)The defendant did not communicate its intention to the plaintiff that it
was a payment claim under the Act.

(b)The plaintiff did not treat it as a Payment Claim.

(c)Events prior to the service of the 2008 Letter suggested that this was not
a Payment Claim.

(d)The contents of the covering letter did not suggest it was Payment Claim.

(e)Public policy.

19 Lee J’s elaboration of reason (e) (at [28]) provides some background to the
case and I set it out in full here:

28 This leads to reason (e). If the defendant's position as to what
constitutes a Payment Claim is correct, it had made four prior demands for
payment of the four invoices after which it did not proceed to apply for
adjudication. It then attempted to claim payment through its solicitors, which
was also not followed up with an adjudication application. The defendant even
commenced a suit to pursue in the High Court the payment it was unable to
persuade the plaintiff to pay by way of its four invoices and its solicitors'
letter of demand. And well into the pleadings stage, between two public
holidays - Christmas and New Year - the defendant delivered the 2008 Letter
which did not, on its face, state that it is a payment claim under the Act.
That letter was written in an informal manner without the sense of urgency
that a Payment Claim demands of a respondent. _To hold that a document such as
the 2008 Letter amounts to a Payment Claim under these circumstances would
leave ample scope for potential claimants to ambush respondents by submitting
document after document and applying for adjudication the minute the
respondent fails to provide a payment response. It cannot be the intention of
Parliament for the Act to operate in this manner_.

[emphasis added]

20 Significantly, Lee J disagreed with Prakash J’s statements at [56] of _Chip
Hup_ (see [11] above), stating (at [32]) that:

... While I agree that the jurisdiction of the adjudicator is not vested until
his appointment by an ANB (“authorised nominating body”), _I am, with respect,
unable to agree that jurisdiction is not affected by an invalid Payment Claim
or service thereof_. The power of the ANB to appoint an adjudicator arises
from the receipt of an adjudication application from a claimant, and that is
predicated by a whole chain of events initiated by the service of a Payment
Claim by the claimant on the respondent under s 10 of the Act. It must follow
that if the claimant had failed to serve a Payment Claim, or to serve
something that constitutes a Payment Claim, the power to appoint an
adjudicator for that particular claim has not arisen.

[emphasis added]

As for Prakash J’s view at [46] of _SEF Construction_ (see [16] above) that
whether or not a purported payment claim is actually a payment claim under the
SOPA is an issue for the adjudicator and not the court, Lee J went on to say
at [34] that

... In principle, if the validity of a Payment Claim goes to jurisdiction, I
do not see how a court is precluded from examining this issue on judicial
review and I would, with respect, disagree with this.

21 Lee J then distinguished _SEF Construction_ on the basis that in any event,
the 2008 Letter did not _purport_ to be a payment claim under the SOPA as
nothing therein stated that it was so. Finally, notwithstanding Lee J’s
disagreement in principle with Prakash J, he stated that in practice, where a
document did purport to be a payment claim under the SOPA, the court should
only review an adjudicator’s decision that it was indeed a valid payment claim
under the SOPA on the basis of _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness (see _Associated
Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223).
In support, Lee J cited the same passage from _Brodyn_ which was cited at [46]
of _SEF Construction_ , highlighting Hodgson JA’s qualification:

... If there is a document served by a claimant on a respondent that purports
to be a payment claim under the Act, question as to whether the document
complies in all respects with the requirements of the Act _are generally, in
my opinion, for the adjudicator to decide_. Many of these questions can
involve doubtful questions of fact and law; and as I have indicated earlier,
in my opinion the legislature has manifested an intention that the existence
of a determination should not turn on answers to questions of this kind.
However, I do not need to express a final view on this.

[emphasis in original]

Chase Oyster

22 Since then, a different NSW CA from that which decided _Brodyn_ has decided
the case of _Chase Oyster Bar v Hamo Industries_ [2010] NSWCA 190 (“ _Chase
Oyster_ ”). Section 17(2) of the NSW Act provides that a claimant cannot make
an adjudication application unless the respondent is notified, within 20
business days after payment is due, of the claimant’s intention to apply for
adjudication. In _Chase Oyster_ , the claimant gave notice to the respondent
outside the 20 business day limit. The adjudicator quite irrationally (see
[242]-[243] of _Chase Oyster_) concluded that notice had been given to the
respondent within the 20 business day period. In the course of answering the
specific questions removed into the Court of Appeal, McDougall J (sitting in
the NSW CA) stated (at [286]) that his conclusions suggested that an order
should be made to quash the adjudicator’s determination, unless there was some
discretionary reason to the contrary.

23 Notable in the _Chase Oyster_ decision were the comments which the NSW CA
made regarding the decision in _Brodyn_. The background to some of those
comments included the High Court of Australia’s decision in _Kirk v Industrial
Relations Commission_ [2010] HCA 1. The implications of that decision were
neatly summarised by Spigelman CJ at [29] in _Chase Oyster_ :

29 The centrality of the distinction between jurisdictional and non-
jurisdictional error had been identified by the High Court in  _Craig v State
of South Australia_[1995] HCA 58; (1995) 184 CLR 163\. The significance of
_Kirk_ is that it has given this distinction a constitutional dimension in
State law, to the same general effect as had earlier been established for
Commonwealth law. That has placed this distinction at the centre of Australian
administrative law jurisprudence, _in a manner which is not consistent with
the reasoning in Brodyn, on one view of that reasoning_.

[emphasis added]

24 The said inconsistency was Hodgson JA’s seeming preference for the higher
review threshold of the failure to meet “basic and essential pre-conditions”
over the lower threshold of “jurisdictional error”. “Basic and essential pre-
conditions” appeared to be a subset of “jurisdictional errors.” This
understanding of Hodgson JA’s decision in _Brodyn_ was explained by Spigelman
CJ at [27] of _Chase Oyster_ :

27 The third consideration is of particular significance. _The impact of the
judgment in Kirk on his Honour’s reasons arises from his rejection at_ [54]
_of the applicability of the distinction between “jurisdictional” and “non-
jurisdictional” error, on the basis that it “cast the net too widely”_. His
Honour went on to apply a test as to what statutory requirements constituted
“an essential pre-condition”. That statement could be understood as the
equivalent of “jurisdictional error”, but it appears from the passage quoted
at [22] above, that that may not be what his Honour had in mind. _The concept
of “an essential precondition” may have been intended to be encompassed
within, but narrower than, the scope of “jurisdictional error”_.

[emphasis added]

25 Additionally, as the AR pointed out at [13] of his decision, McDougall J
made the following related critique at [149]:

149 The decision in  _Brodyn_ appears to assume that there is a distinction
between a basic and essential requirement for the existence of an
adjudicator’s determination and a jurisdictional condition, or jurisdictional
fact. _However, the decision does not analyse the relevant requirements of the
Act in terms of jurisdiction; the framework of analysis was restricted by the
search for basic and essential conditions of validity_.

[emphasis added]

26 As for what then constitutes jurisdictional error, Spigelman CJ had this to
say (at [33]):

33 There is no single test or theory or logical process by which the
distinction between jurisdictional and non-jurisdictional error can be
determined. (See M Aronson et al  _Judicial Review of Administrative_ Action,
4th ed (2009) Lawbook Co esp at [1.80]-[1.90], [4.185]-[4.200]. See also M
Aronson “Jurisdictional Error Without Tears _”_ in M Groves and H P Lee (ed)
_Australian Administrative Law_(2007) Cambridge University Press; P Craig
_Administrative_ Law, 6th ed (2008) Sweet & Maxwell, Ch 14.) ...

The court can review the issues raised in this appeal

27 To what extent should the court interfere with an adjudicator’s
determinations? A liberal approach would invite more setting aside
applications and undermine the statutory purpose of creating a speedy and low
cost adjudication process (see _Sungdo Engineering_ at [10]) while turning
away from putting right erroneous adjudication determinations could create the
impression that the court countenances injustice.

28 Returning to the case at hand, I answer the preliminary question in the
positive. First, I agree with Lee J’s statements at [32] of _Sungdo
Engineering_ (see [20] above) that in principle, the court may review an
adjudicator’s decision in respect of whether a document properly constitutes a
payment claim under the SOPA and that where a document purports to be a
payment claim under the SOPA, the court should only review an adjudicator’s
decision that it was indeed a valid payment claim under the SOPA on the basis
of _Wednesbury_ unreasonableness (see [21] above).

29 Second, I note that in _Sungdo Engineering_ , Lee J took the view (also at
[32]) that the service of a payment claim should be reviewable by a court:

... While I agree that the jurisdiction of the adjudicator is not vested until
his appointment by an (“authorised nominating body”), _I am, with respect,
unable to agree that jurisdiction is not affected by an invalid Payment
Claim_** _or service_** _thereof. .._.

[emphasis added]

I also agree with this. The review of the adjudicator’s decision as to whether
a payment claim was properly served includes reviewing his decision as to
whether a payment claim was served within the prescribed time. In so holding,
I have regard to Spigelman CJ’s views on the importance of time limits in the
NSW Act. Having gone through a long list of time provisions in the previous
paragraph of his judgment in _Chase Oyster_ , the judge held at [47]:

47 This detailed series of time provisions is carefully calibrated to ensure
expeditious resolution of any dispute with respect to payments in the building
industry. _The time limits are a critical aspect of the scheme’s purpose to
ensure prompt resolution of disputes about payment. It is commercially
important that each party knows precisely where they stand at any point of
time. Such certainty is of considerable commercial value_.

[emphasis added]

In line with those views, I think it would be helpful for the court to clarify
issues regarding time limits so as to provide certainty for parties proceeding
under the SOPA.

Whether Payment Claim No 6 was a valid payment claim under the SOPA

Payment Claim No 6 is a valid payment claim under the SOPA

30 The covering letter of Payment Claim No 6 reads:

[Plaintiff’s Letterhead]

Date: 2nd June 2010

To:

[Defendant at his residential address]

[Defendant at his construction address]

Dear Sir

**PAYMENT CLAIM NO. 6**

**CONSTRUCTION WORKS TO NO. 1 PASIR RIS HEIGHT SINGAPORE**

**QUOTATION REF: WFCE/1022/08 ACCEPTED ON 16 AUGUST 2008**

**ADDITIONAL WORKS FOR 2 ND FLOOR**

**QUOTATION DATED 5 NOV 2008 ACCEPTED ON 3 DECEMBER 2008**

We submit our payment claim number 6 for work done from June 2009 to 26 April
2010:

Amount claimed: |  $350,450.40  
---|---  
Less payment: |  _$210,000.00_  
Amount due/claimed: |  _$140,450.40_  
  
  

Details of the amount claimed are attached (2 pages).

Yours Sincerely

WENG FATT CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING

[including mandarin translation]

[Plaintiff’s signature]

[Plaintiff’s name]

As stated in the covering letter, two pages of itemised cost breakdown of the
work which the plaintiff claimed had been done were attached.

31 Payment Claim No 6 falls within the meaning of a payment claim under the
SOPA. Unlike the 2008 Letter in _Sungdo Engineering_ , Payment Claim No 6 here
specified clearly on its face that it was a payment claim. It was a business-
like document. From its contents, there could have been no doubt that it was
claiming that a sum of money was due. As the contract had been terminated by
the defendant, the inclusion of the date 26 April 2010 also made it clear that
it was the final bill for the works done as the plaintiff had been directed to
clear out of the site by that date (see [6] above).

Payment claims do not need to expressly refer to the SOPA to be valid

32 The obvious objection to this proposition is that if Payment Claim No 6
made no reference to the SOPA, how could it have purported to be a valid
payment claim _under the SOPA_? However, as Lee J also noted at [17] of
_Sungdo Engineering_ , there is no requirement for a payment claim to
expressly state that it is made under the SOPA for it to be a valid payment
claim under the said Act. At [18], Lee J went on to observe that our SOPA
departed from the NSW Act which specifically provides under its section
13(2)(c) that a valid payment claim must state that it is made under the NSW
Act. The judge also noted a comment by Mr Chow Kok Fong (“Mr Chow”):

... However there is an interesting comment in Chow Kok Fong, _Security of
Payments and Construction Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2005) at p 134. After
noting that there is no requirement in our legislation, unlike the NSW Act, to
declare that the claim is made under the Act, the learned author said:

It is understood that, during consultations leading to the drafting of the
[Building Construction Industry Security of Payment] Bill, the Building and
Construction Authority accepted the suggestion from the subcontractors and
suppliers lobby that such a requirement may conceivably result in creating a
contentious atmosphere in the relationships between a main contractor and
subcontractors straight away. It is difficult to follow this line of argument.
It will be appreciated that, in the normal course of a business, various
letters, claims, quotations, negotiation proposals and exchanges will be
encountered between the parties. A claimant may submit a proposal for a
payment arrangement or furnish a draft progress payment claim as a template
for working through the computations and prices with the quantity surveyor on
a project. In the absence of a definitive statement of intention, it is
conceivable that a payment claim may be mistaken by the respondent for any one
of these exchanges.

33 The defendant did not seek to argue that the adjudicator’s finding that
Payment Claim No 6 was valid under the SOPA was unreasonable in the Wednesbury
sense. As stated above, I am of the opinion that Payment Claim No 6 was a
valid payment claim under the SOPA. To this extent, I agreed with the AR on
the first issue determined by him (see [9] above).

The requirement that a claimant must communicate his intention that a claim is
a payment claim under the SOPA

34 Finally, I ought to address the defendant’s arguments on this issue which
were essentially premised on Lee J’s statements at [22] of _Sungdo
Engineering_ :

22 I would therefore hold that for any document to amount to a Payment Claim,
not only must it comply with the prescribed requirements for a Payment Claim,
it must be intended to be such by the party submitting it and, importantly,
such intention must be communicated to the recipient. Whether or not this
communication has taken place in each case would be a question of fact to be
determined according to the circumstances of that case. Evidence of such
communication may come from covering letters, e-mail exchange referring to the
document in question or even oral communication. Evidence could well come from
the manner in which the respondent had dealt with the document, _eg_ , he
gives a payment response. It would not be possible to set out all the
circumstances under which a court would hold that such intention has been
communicated and each case would have to be determined on the basis of its
unique facts. But certainly a statement in the document that it is a payment
claim under the Act would be the most effective manner of communicating this
intention.

The defendant emphasized that as a private individual, it was all the more
important that the plaintiff’s intention (for the payment claim to be one made
under the SOPA) be communicated to him. At [34] of his skeletal submissions,
the defendant argued that:

... Unlike members of the construction industry, it would be surprising for an
individual to be unaware [_sic_] of the intricacies of the SOPA. It is
therefore crucial that a party who wishes to serve a payment claim for the
purposes of the SOPA make it absolutely clear to that layperson.

35 However, the SOPA does not distinguish between laypersons and members of
the construction industry. An opponent to this view might point out that under
section 4(2)(a) of the SOPA, contracts relating to residential property are
excluded from the application of the SOPA:

**Application of Act**

**4**.—(2) This Act shall not apply to —

(a) any contract for the carrying out of construction work at or on, or the
supply of goods or services in relation to, any residential property (within
the meaning of the Residential Property Act (Cap. 274)), which do not require
the approval of the Commissioner of Building Control under the Building
Control Act (Cap. 29);

...

In this regard, I note that in response to a Member of Parliament’s query
during the second reading of the SOPA Bill in Parliament, the Minister of
State for National Development, Mr Cedric Foo Chee Keng stated the following
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 November 2004) vol 78
at col 1135:

Sir, Mr Ang Mong Seng suggested that renovation works in private residential
and commercial buildings be included in the Bill. Currently, the Bill applies
to all construction works including renovation works in commercial buildings.
So I would like to make this clarification. Only renovation works in
residential buildings engaged by private homeowners - be it interior
decoration, re-tiling of floors, replacing a set of windows - _will not be
included in the Bill as they are normally of small contract value and may not
be worth the while for homeowners to take their case to an adjudicator_. Such
disputes, however, can be resolved through mediation or the Small Claims
Tribunal, which will be the proper body to do so. This is also the practice
with other SOP legislation in Australia and the UK.

[emphasis added]

36 Further, Christopher Chuah _et al, Annotated Guide to the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2004) states at [4.6]:

First, the [SOPA] will not apply to the carrying out of construction works or
supply of goods or services in relation to any residential property within the
meaning of the Residential Property Act (Cap. 274), which do not require the
approval of the Commission of Building Control under the Building Control Act.
This exempted category deals with minor renovation works done by individual
home owners. _The object of the Act is clearly addressed at larger scale
projects where the encumbered cash involved is likely to be substantial_.

[emphasis added]

37 It appears therefore that section 4(2)(a) exempts renovation works done by
home owners from the application of the SOPA because such contracts are
generally of small value and not because the potential respondent under the
SOPA is a private individual.

38 Coming back to Lee J’s decision that for a document to amount to a valid
payment claim under the SOPA, it must be intended to be such by the claimant
and such intention must be communicated to the recipient, the Adjudicator
viewed this (at [85] of his Determination) as a statement of best practice
rather than a requirement of validity under the Act. Indeed, the SOPA does not
impose such a requirement for validity. The only formal requirements are found
in section 10(3) and reg 5(2) in that every payment claim shall be in writing,
identify the relevant contract and contain details of the claimed amount. In
any event, as I have found, Payment Claim No 6 was clearly intended by the
plaintiff to be a payment claim under the SOPA on its face and if the
defendant did not realise that, then it was probably a case of him not being
aware of the SOPA or its implications.

Whether Payment Claim No 6 was served out of time

section 10(2) of the SOPA and reg 5(1) of the SOPR

39 The defendant contended that section 10(2) of the SOPA, read with reg 5(1)
of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (Cap
30B, Rg 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SOPR”), establishes a limitation period for the
service of payment claims under the SOPA. Section 10(2) of the SOPA states:

**Payment claims**

**10**. —(2) A payment claim shall be served —

(a) at such time as specified in or determined in accordance with the terms of
the contract; or

(b) where the contract does not contain such provision, at such time as may be
prescribed.

The time that is prescribed is found in reg 5(1) of the SOPR:

**Payment claims**

**5**. —(1) Where a contract does not contain any provision specifying the
time at which a payment claim shall be served or by which such time may be
determined, _then a payment claim made under the contract shall be served by
the last day of each month following the month in which the contract is made_.

[emphasis added]

Before the AR, counsel for the defendant took the position that the payment
claim for work done in April 2010 had to be served by 30 April 2010 (see [24]
of the AR’s decision). However, before me, counsel for the defendant submitted
that for work done in April 2010, the last day for serving a payment claim was
31 May 2010.

The AR’s interpretation

40 After citing the NSW CA decision in  _Fyntray Constructions Pty Ltd v
Macind Drainage & Hydraulic Services Pty Ltd_ [2002] NSWCA 238 (“ _Fyntray_ ”)
at [26] of his decision, the AR opined as follows (at [27]):

The express words of reg 5(1) do not clearly set out a limitation period, … In
my view, the true import of reg 5(1) is two-fold. First, since reg 5(1) states
that the payment claim must be served by the last day of the (_sic_) each
month _following the month in which the contract is made_ , this means that no
payment claim can be served in the month in which the contract is made. This
is a sensible position since a plaintiff should generally be expected to
complete a certain amount of work before it can make a payment claim. By
disallowing the making of a payment claim in the month in which the contract
was made, reg 5(1) prevents plaintiffs from swiftly serving payment claims
after the completion of merely trivial work. Second, a contract may provide
that a payment claim must be served by, on or after a specified day of the
month. … In my view, reg 5(1) clarifies that if the contract does not specify
that a payment claim must be served by, on or after a specified day of the
month, then the default position is that a payment claim must be served “by
the last day of the month” (ie, the payment claim can be served on any day of
the month).

[emphasis in original]

41 With respect, I think the AR’s interpretation of reg 5(1) is unjustified by
the language used in the provision. The words “shall be served by the last day
of each month following the month in which the contract is made” cannot be
read as meaning that no payment claim can be served in the month in which the
contract is made. The deadline set by reg 5(1) is the very last day for
service but that does not prohibit a contractor from serving earlier if he has
done the work in question and there is no contractual provision postponing
entitlement to payment. For instance, let us assume there is a school
directive for students to submit their assignments by the last day of each
month following the month in which the assignment is given and an assignment
is given in early January. The deadline for submission would therefore be the
last day of February. Surely a diligent student who has completed his work in
January is not thereby prevented from submitting his work in January. Asking
someone to complete a task _by_ a certain time is not telling him that he is
not allowed to complete it earlier.

Local academic acceptance of a limitation period for payment claims

42 The defendant cited commentaries by two local authors in support of the
interpretation he contended for. The first was Chow Kok Fong,  _Security of
Payments and Construction Adjudication_ (LexisNexis, 2005) (“ _Security of
Payments and Construction Adjudication_ ”) at page 557:

The  _Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations 2005_
(hereinafter the ‘BCISP Regulations’) prescribe that the default date is ‘the
last day of each month following the month in which the contract is made’.
**_This effectively allows the claimant one month to prepare and submit the
payment claim_**.

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

43 The second commentary cited was Dr Philip Chan,  _Statutory Adjudication in
Singapore_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2008) (“ _Statutory Adjudication in
Singapore_ ”) at paragraphs 3.2.8 and 3.2.9:

[Discussion of s 10(4) of the SOPA]

3.2.8  _Therefore, it would appear that if any claimed amount has not been
properly included in a payment claim as prescribed by s 10(2), it is no longer
possible to make a claim that is out of time. Thus, the time of service of the
payment claim is also the limitation period for the purpose of claiming an
amount in a payment claim_. According to s 10(2), this limitation period may
be agreed by the parties under s 10(2)(a) or it may be prescribed under s
10(2)(b)...

_3.2.9 By reg 5(1), the default limitation period for each claimed amount is
marked ‘by the last day of each month following the month in which the
contract is made’_.

[emphasis added]

44 In clarification of Dr Philip Chan’s (“Dr Chan’s”) position, the defendant
tendered a paper entitled “Statutory adjudication and the standard building
contract in Singapore – Is the Final Payment referable to statutory
adjudication?”, which was submitted to COBRA 2008 (the construction and
building research conference of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors
held in September 2008). That paper discussed the first case that went up to
the High Court challenging the validity of an adjudicator’s determination,
_Tiong Seng Contractors (Pte) Ltd v Chuan Lim Construction Pte Ltd_ [2007] 4
SLR(R) 364 (“ _Tiong Seng Contractors_ ”). In the concluding section at page
11 of the paper, Dr Chan raised certain queries that he felt ought to have
been raised in respect of that case, the first of which I set out here:

_First, as each payment claim has a limitation period to serve_ , is it
possible to validly serve a payment claim based on Progress Claim 10 dated one
month after the Final Claim and which represents the unpaid amount claimed in
the Final Claim. _It is humbly submitted that without further scrutiny of
other points, a payment claim based on_** _more than a month old_** _Final
Claim would have been time barred_.

[emphasis added]

Evidently, Dr Chan took the view that each payment claim must be served within
a limitation period and it seems reasonable to conclude from the preceding
excerpt that he understood the limitation period to be one month. I should
also state that it does not appear from the judgment in _Tiong Seng
Contractors_ that the plaintiffs had contractually provided for a limitation
period within which payment claims must be served.

45 Although the wording of reg 5(1) is admittedly not free from ambiguity, it
seems to me that Mr Chow’s and Dr Chan’s understanding of the said provision
is pragmatic and sensible and I agree with them.

The SOPA envisaged payment claims to be made at monthly intervals by default

46 The "Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 2004
Information Kit" (“the Info Kit”) which was referred to in _Tiong Seng
Contractors_ at [18] was first published in 2005 by the Building &
Construction Authority (see BCA website http://www.bca.gov.sg/SecurityPayment
/others/SOP_infokit.pdf), which was also the main proponent of the SOPA.
Section 2.3 of the Info Kit states as follows:

**2.3 How to make a payment claim under the Act?**

A claimant is entitled to serve a payment claim within the period (payment
claim date) stated in the contract or mutually agreed in writing. If there is
no period provided in the contract, _a payment claim must be made by the last
day of each month_** _(monthly intervals)_**_following the month in which the
contract is made_.

[emphasis added]

47 The Info Kit understood the SOPA as envisaging payment claims to be made at
_monthly intervals_ if there is no period otherwise specified in the contract.
A similar understanding appears in clause 32.1 of the Public Sector Standard
Conditions of Contract for Construction Works 2008, which reads:

32.1 **Payment claims**

(1) The Contractor shall submit to the Employer (with a copy to the
Superintending Officer), at monthly intervals (on the day of each month
specified by the Superintending Officer following the month in which the
Contract is made), a claim for payment (hereafter referred to as the “Payment
Claim”) in such form as the Superintending Officer may from time to time
prescribe. For the purposes of payment claims made under this Clause, _the
Payment Claim shall have the same meaning ascribed in the Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act_ (hereafter referred to as the
“Act”). _The Payment Claim shall be made in compliance with the requirements
of the Act and shall show the amounts_ (hereafter referred to as the “Claimed
Amount”) _to which the Contractor considers himself to be entitled up to the
last day of the_** _monthly interval_** _in question in respect of_ :

(a) the value of the Permanent Works executed;

...

[emphasis added]

48 The default position of requiring payment claims to be made at monthly
intervals is a sensible arrangement allowing a potential respondent under the
Act to be regularly informed of sums due under a construction contract. With
this background understanding of the default requirement of payment claims to
be made at monthly intervals, the text in reg 5(1) requiring that a payment
claim (under a contract which does not specify when a payment claim shall be
served) must be served by the last day of each month makes sense. Therefore,
reg 5(1) means that, following the month in which the contract is made,
payment claims must be served at monthly intervals by the last day of each
month.

49 On this understanding, it follows that payment claims for work done in a
certain month must be served by the last day of the subsequent month. Thus,
for example, for work done in April, payment must be claimed by 31 May. To
require payment for work done in a certain month to be claimed by the last day
of the same month, e.g. payment for work done on 29 or 30 April to be claimed
by 30 April, may be much too onerous for the claimant. On the other hand, if
payment for work done in a certain month is not claimed under the SOPA by the
last day of the subsequent month, then a claim in respect thereof cannot be
made under the SOPA anymore _ie_ any later claim would fail under the SOPA for
being outside the limitation period prescribed in reg 5(1).

50 Taking the AR’s interpretation, there would be no limitation period under
the SOPA or the SOPR within which payment claims must be served. The AR took
the view (at [28] of the AR’s decision) that his interpretation was to be
preferred because the SOPA was purposed “to provide persons who have performed
construction work with a statutory entitlement to a progress payment.” In my
view, the SOPA was meant to expedite payments to claimants so as to facilitate
their cash flow and relieve their financial problems and to provide an
expeditious adjudication process to resolve construction disputes in the
interim (see [10] and [12] of _Sungdo Engineering_) and having a limitation
period of almost two months is entirely consistent with that purpose. If a
contractor is facing cash flow difficulties, I have no doubt that he would be
diligent in making monthly payment claims well within that limitation period.
In any event, even if he does not do so within the limitation period, that
does not mean he will be left without any remedy. He can still pursue his
claims by arbitration or by litigation (as the plaintiff has now done). I note
that section 13(4) of the NSW Act contains a longer limitation period of 12
months for payment claims.

51 It is also important to remember that once a valid payment claim under the
SOPA is served, a process with strict timelines applies to the respondent. As
Mr Chow noted in _Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication_ (at page
541):

**Potential for Ambush**

_Timing of claim_

...

Once the claim is presented, the respondent has only the prescribed maximum of
21 days [see s 11(1)(a) of the SOPA; if not contractually provided for, the
respondent has only seven days under s 11(1)(b) of the SOPA] to provide a
payment response. This is only adequate if the claim is relatively straight
forward. In complex cases, even allowing for the fact that a high degree of
exactitude is not normally expected of progress payment valuations, the
timeline will be extremely demanding.

The role of section 10(4) of the SOPA

52 Finally, I will address section 10(4) of the SOPA, which I set out below
together with section 10(1):

**Payment claims**

**10**.—(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(a) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may be
liable to make the payment; or

(b) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

...

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the claimant from including, in a
payment claim in which a respondent is named, an amount that was the subject
of a previous payment claim served in relation to the same contract which has
not been paid by the respondent if, and only if, the first-mentioned payment
claim is served within 6 years after the construction work to which the amount
in the second-mentioned payment claim relates was last carried out, or the
goods or services to which the amount in the second-mentioned payment claim
relates were last supplied, as the case may be.

53 The effect of section 10(4) is that a claimant can only include in a
payment claim amounts which were the subject of earlier payment claims. This
is also in line with Dr Chan’s view at paragraph 3.2.8 of _Statutory
Adjudication in Singapore_ :

[Discussion of s 10(4) of the SOPA]

3.2.8  _Therefore, it would appear that if any claimed amount has not been
properly included in a payment claim as prescribed by s 10(2), it is no longer
possible to make a claim that is out of time. Thus, the time of service of the
payment claim is also the limitation period for the purpose of claiming an
amount in a payment claim_. According to s 10(2), this limitation period may
be agreed by the parties under s 10(2)(a) or it may be prescribed under s
10(2)(b). **_On the other hand, once a claimed amount is properly included in
a payment claim that is properly served, it can be incorporated in future
payment claim subject to the limitation set out in s 10(4)_**.

[emphasis added]

54 If a respondent does not pay a claimant or serve a payment response, the
claimant could pursue the adjudication process and make an adjudication
application but these are the early stages of the contract and chances are
that he may not wish to antagonise the respondent. I say “antagonise” because
while a valid payment claim may make no reference to the SOPA, the claimant’s
notice to the respondent of his intention to apply for adjudication (required
by section 13(2) of the SOPA) would surely indicate that the parties are
moving into contention mode. However, if the claimant does nothing, he will
soon be out of time to make the adjudication application. This is because the
claimant has a time limit of seven days within which to make the adjudication
application once he is entitled to make it (see section 13(3)(a) of the SOPA).

55 This is the moment that section 10(4) assists the claimant. Section10(4)
allows him to bundle the amount from the earlier payment claim (for which the
claimant might have decided not to make an adjudication application) into a
subsequent one (subject to the stipulated six year time limit) and then later
submit an adjudication application for the total sum claimed. Thus, the
claimant’s right to adjudication under the SOPA is preserved even if he
decides not to follow through with the adjudication process early on in the
construction contract.

Payment Claim No 6 was served out of time

56 Applying the legal analysis set out earlier to the facts of this case, work
was done by the plaintiff at the latest in April 2010\. The last day for
service of the payment claim for work done in April 2010 was 31 May 2010.
Since Payment Claim No 6 was served only on 2 June 2010, it was served out of
time, albeit by only a couple of days. However, the plaintiff retains her
usual legal remedies as noted by McDougall J at [217] of _Chase Oyster_ :

... even if the door to adjudication is closed, the door to judgment remains
open; and the ability of the respondent to bar access through that door to
judgment is limited.

Conclusion

57 Therefore, although I did not interfere with the Adjudicator’s finding that
Payment Claim No 6 was a valid payment claim under the SOPA with respect to
its form and content, I set aside the Adjudication Determination on the basis
that Payment Claim No 6 was served out of time.

58 I made the following orders pertaining to costs:

(a)

The Adjudicator ordered the defendant to pay $7,971.50 costs and the
adjudication fee of $535.00. The plaintiff conceded that she should now bear
these costs. I ordered these amounts to be paid by the plaintiff.

(b)

The AR ordered $3,000 costs against the defendant. As the defendant succeeded
on one out of the three issues before the AR, I set aside the AR’s order on
costs and awarded $1,000 to be paid by the plaintiff to the defendant for the
hearing before the AR.

(c)

As for the costs of this appeal, since the defendant succeeded on only one out
of the two points canvassed, I awarded $5,500 to be paid by the plaintiff to
the defendant, together with reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

