Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Martek Biosciences Corporation _v_ Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 71

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 156 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Dr Stanley Lai, SC and Mr Vignesh Vaerhn (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the applicant; Mr Daniel Koh (instructed) (Eldan Law LLP)
and Ms Wendy Low Wei Ling (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Martek Biosciences Corporation — Cargill International Trading
Pte Ltd  
  
29 March 2011| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Applicant against the decision (the “Decision”) of
the Deputy Registrar of Patents and the Principal Assistant Registrar of
Patents (the “Tribunal”) dated 31 December 2009. The Respondent appeals
against certain aspects of the Decision as well.

2 For the reasons which follow, I allow the Applicant’s appeal against the
Tribunal’s decision in the Respondent’s application for revocation of the
Patent (the “Revocation Proceedings”) and dismiss both parties’ appeal and
cross-appeal against the Tribunal’s decision relating to the Respondent’s
objections to the Applicant’s various sets of amendments to its patent (the
“Amendment Proceedings”) except with regard to Claim 42 and consequently Claim
45 in the Proposed 2006 Amendments (see [9] below for the explanation on this
set of amendments).

3 Unless otherwise indicated, all references to statutory sections below are
to the Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed) (the “Act”).

The facts

4 The Applicant is Martek Biosciences Corporation, a company incorporated
under the laws of the State of Delaware of the United States of America. The
Respondent is Cargill International Trading Pte Ltd, a company incorporated in
Singapore.

5 The Applicant is the proprietor of the Singapore Patent P-No. 49307,
entitled “Microbial Oil Mixtures and Use Thereof” (the “Patent”), granted by
the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore (“IPOS”). It applied for a grant
of the Patent on 13 April 1996 under section 116(6) of the Patents Act (Cap.
221, 1995 Rev Ed) and was granted the Patent on 10 January 2002.

6 The Application filed two sets of amendments prior to the grant of the
Patent. One set is dated 2 July 1997 (the “1997 Amendments”) and the second is
dated 13 October 1999 (the “1999 Amendments”).

7 On 20 January 2006, the Respondent filed an application to revoke the Patent
on the following grounds:

(i)

That the invention was not a patentable invention under section 80(1)(a) of
the Act.

(ii)

Insufficiency, _i.e_. the specification of the Patent did not disclose the
invention clearly and completely for it to be performed by a person skilled in
the art, as required by section 80(1)(c) of the Act; and

(iii)

That the 1999 Amendments disclosed matter in the specification of the Patent
beyond that disclosed in the application for the Patent as filed, within the
meaning of section 80(1)(d)(i) of the Act.

8 The Applicant filed a counter statement on 15 September 2006.

9 This was accompanied by a copy of proposed amendments to the claims in the
Patent (the “Proposed 2006 Amendments”) pursuant to section 83 of the Act and
Rule 80(3) of the Patents Rules (Cap 221, R1, 1996 Rev Ed) (the “Patents
Rules”). This was advertised in The Patents Journal (Issue 200610A) on 30
October 2006. During the opposition period allowable, the Respondent filed a
notice of opposition to the amendments under section 83(2) of the Act and Rule
85(1) of the Rules. The Respondent alleged that the Proposed 2006 Amendments
constituted additional subject matter extending beyond the application as
originally filed and are therefore not allowable under section 84(3)(a) of the
Act.

10 The Applicant obtained leave to file another set of amendments and did so
on 19 March 2008 (the “Proposed 2008 Amendments”). By a letter dated 27 March
2008, the Respondents objected to these amendments on the ground that they
extended the protection conferred by the Patent. Other than this letter, no
notice of opposition was received during the allowable opposition period
pursuant to the advertisement of the Proposed 2008 Amendments in The Patents
Journal on 28 May 2008.

11 At a Case Management Conference on 28 April 2008, the IPOS Hearing Officers
informed the parties of their intention to cause the Patent to be re-examined
under section 80(2) of the Act. The Respondent followed by filing the request
for re-examination under Rule 81(1)(a) of the Rules. The Patent was then re-
examined by an examiner from the Danish Patent and Trademark Office who then
produced a report (the “Re-examination Report”). The Re-examination Report was
made available to the parties on 6 January 2009.

12 The Revocation Proceedings and the Amendment Proceedings were consolidated
and heard together by the Tribunal from 16 to 18 February 2009.

The Tribunal’s Decision

13 In summary, the Tribunal held:

(i)

The 1999 Amendments are allowable under s 84, except for claim 30;

(ii)

The Proposed 2006 and 2008 Amendments contain some claims which do not meet
the requirements of s 84;

(iii)

All the claims in the Proposed 2006 and 2008 Amendments as well as the 1999
Amendments are not patentable;

(iv)

All the claims in the Proposed 2006 and 2008 Amendments as well as the 1999
Amendments meet the threshold of sufficiency, _i.e_. disclose the invention
clearly and completely for it to be performed by a person skilled in the art.

The Tribunal held accordingly that the Respondent succeeded in its application
to revoke the Patent and ordered the Applicant to pay the Respondent its costs
to be taxed or agreed save for the costs relating to the Respondent’s witness,
Dr Puah Chum Mok.

The Patent

14 It is useful at this point to summarise the Patent and its claims. The
invention that is the subject of the Patent is entitled “Microbial Oil
Mixtures and Uses Thereof”. The abstract of the invention reads:

“The present invention relates to compositions including blends of microbial
oils, methods of using such compositions, particularly as supplements for
infant formula, and methods of increasing the amount of long chain
polyunsaturated fatty acids in infant formula.”

15 In their opening statements below, both parties explained the structure of
polyunsaturated fatty acids (“PUFAs”) and long chain polyunsaturated fatty
acids (“lcPUFAs”). Basically, a PUFA is an unsaturated fatty acid which has at
least 2 carbon double bonds in its fatty acid tail. An lcPUFA is a PUFA that
additionally has at least 20 carbon atoms in its fatty acid tail. Arachidonic
acid (“ARA”), for example, is an example of an lcPUFA in the omega-6 fatty
acid family. Docosahexaenoic acid (“DHA”) is an example of an lcPUFA in the
omega-3 fatty acid family.

The prior art

16 The documents cited before the Tribunal were referenced as D1 to D35 and T1
to T4. Before me, parties focused particularly on D1, D2, D3, D27 and D34:

(a)

D1 refers to European patent application 90111558.4, published as EP0404058A2
on 27 December 1990;

(b)

D2 refers to “Omega-3 Fatty Acids: Alternative Sources of Production” by
Wichien Yongmanitchai and Owen P. Ward;

(c)

D3 refers to European patent application 87101310.8, published as EP0231904A2
on 12 August 1987;

(d)

D27 refers to INFORM 1990 Annual Meeting Abstracts, “Long-Term
Docosahexaenoate (DHA) and Eicosapentaenoate (EPA) Supplementation of Preterm
Infants: Effects on Biochemistry, Visual Acuity, Information Processing and
Growth in Infancy”, Carlson et al, at 306; and

(e)

D34 refers to “The influence of different types of [omega]-3 polyunsaturated
fatty acids on blood lipids and platelet function in healthy volunteers”,
Sanders and Roshanai, Clinical Science (1983) 64 at 91-99.

The witnesses below

Respondent’s witnesses

17 There were two expert witnesses who filed Statutory Declarations on behalf
of the Respondent (the applicant below): Dr Puah Chum Mok (“Dr Puah”) and Dr
Nga Been Hen (“Dr Nga”).

18 Dr Puah was from the Singapore Polytechnic where, at the time of the
hearing below, he headed the Technological Centre for Life Sciences.

19 At the hearing below, the Respondent informed the court of its decision to
withdraw Dr Puah from taking the stand despite not withdrawing his Statutory
Declaration. The Appellant therefore did not have the opportunity to cross-
examine Dr Puah on the evidence in his Statutory Declaration. This was a
significant issue before me and I deal with it below at [39].

20 Dr Nga was from the National University of Singapore Department of
Chemistry and, at the time of the hearing below, had 38 years of working
knowledge in microbial fermentation.

21 In the proceedings below, the Applicant objected to the admission of Dr
Nga’s evidence, on the basis that it was not confined to evidence in reply to
Dr Lien’s statutory declaration and therefore prejudicial. The Tribunal held
that the Applicant had not suffered any prejudice as it had sufficient
opportunity in cross-examination to refute Dr Nga’s evidence (Decision at
[44]). The Applicant did not appeal this finding before me.

22 In the course of his evidence, Dr Nga admitted that he was not an expert in
the use of microbial oils in the human diet, that he did not have broad
knowledge of general nutrition and was not an expert in the field of
paediatric nutrition. He also admitted during cross-examination that his
evidence and conclusion on the prior art documents were made with the benefit
of hindsight after reading the Patent. The Tribunal thus held that they would
be “cautious” about relying on Dr Nga’s evidence because he did not appear to
have specific expertise in microbial oils and his conclusions were made with
the benefit of hindsight (Decision at [46]). I address the significance of
this below at [40].

Applicant’s witnesses

23 Two expert witnesses filed Statutory Declarations on behalf of the
Applicant: Dr Eric Lien (“Dr Lien”) and Dr David Kyle (“Dr Kyle”).

24 Dr Lien is a consultant to the Applicant since 2005 and is an expert in the
areas of dietary fatty acids and proteins and infant formula research. In the
Respondent’s submissions below, the Respondent questioned Dr Lien’s
objectivity but elected not to challenge his testimony during cross-
examination. Dr Lien’s testimony challenging Dr Puah’s construction of the
Patent therefore remained unchallenged.

25 Dr Kyle is the sole inventor of the Patent and an expert in micro-organisms
and PUFAs found in polar lipids and non-polar lipids. He was employed by the
Applicant since 1985 but left in 2001 to start his own company and was
therefore no longer employed by the Applicant at the time of the hearing
below.

26 The Tribunal held that, while it accepted the testimonies of Dr Kyle and Dr
Lien where they were relevant to the technical issues pertaining to the prior
art, it had to scrutinise the testimonies with greater care because of the
“increased likelihood of bias”. I will deal with this issue at [42] below.

The decision

27 As explained above, the Applicant filed four sets of amendments: in 1997,
1999, 2006 and 2008. Only the 1997 Amendments remained unchallenged below. The
Tribunal first examined the allowability of each set of amendments before
examining the validity of the Patent as amended by each set respectively. It
seems to me that a better approach would have been to first examine whether
the Patent is valid in the first place and, if it is, then to examine whether
the respective sets of amendments are allowable. I thus adopt this approach.

28 The Respondent does not appeal against the Tribunal’s decision to allow the
1999 Amendments save for claim 30. I will therefore examine the validity of
the Patent _as amended by the 1999 Amendments_ (save for claim 30). If it is
valid, I will then go on to examine the allowability of the Proposed 2006
Amendments and the Proposed 2008 Amendments respectively.

The Validity Issue

The law

29 A patent may be revoked on the grounds that the invention is not a
patentable invention (section 80(1)(a)) or if the specification of the patent
does not disclose the invention clearly and completely for it to be performed
by a person skilled in the art (the “Sufficiency” condition) (section
80(1)(c)).

30 A patentable invention must: (1) be new; (2) involve an inventive step; and
(3) be capable of industrial application (s 13(1)). I will refer to (1) as the
“Novelty” condition and (2) as the “Inventive Step” condition respectively.
The Novelty condition is satisfied if the invention “does not form part of the
state of the art” (section 14(1)). In order to invalidate the patent, the
prior art must disclose clear and ambiguous directions which, if followed,
would lead to an infringement of the patent (_Muhlbauer AG v Manufacturing
Integration Technology Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 724 at [17] (“ _Muhlbauer_ ”). This
question is to be approached as at the date of publication of the prior art
rather than _ex post facto_ and each prior art document must be construed
separately rather than combined into a mosaic to arrive at the invention
(_Muhlbauer_ at [18]). The “Inventive Step” condition is satisfied if the step
is “not obvious to a person skilled in the art” (section 15).

31 The Respondent challenges the Patent on the three grounds of Novelty,
Inventive Step and Sufficiency.

32 As stated above, I assess these issues based on the Patent as amended by
the 1999 Amendments, so all my references are to claims in the 1999 Amendments
unless otherwise indicated.

What were the inventive concepts?

33 The Applicant’s position is that there are two distinct inventions in the
Patent both of which aim to provide an infant formula which is simple, safe,
and as effective as human breast milk (“HBM”).

34 The first invention is an infant formula supplement which comprised a blend
of two microbial oils, one containing ARA and the second containing DHA. The
Applicant claims that the state of the art then was that infant formula
supplements should match HBM as closely as possible in both the types and
amounts of lcPUFAs present. Contrary to this, the inventor of the Patent
discovered that it was unnecessary to match HBM with respect to all lcPUFAS.
Rather, supplementation with only ARA and DHA was sufficient to produce an
infant formula with the beneficial effects of all the lcPUFAs found in HBM.
Thus, the invention was to produce an improved infant formula with a blend of
microbial DHA-containing oil and microbial ARA-containing oil, which made it
unnecessary to include other lcPUFAs found in HBM (the “First Invention”).

35 The second invention involves a blend of fish oil and a microbial oil
containing ARA to produce a supplement for adding lcPUFAs to infant formula.
The Applicant claims that the state of the art then was that supplementing
infant formula with fish oil was considered to lead to a decreased weight gain
in infants. However, according to the Applicant, the precise cause of this
effect was not identified, since fish oil contains both DHA and
eicosapentaenoic acid (“EPA”). The invention was therefore the discovery that
the problems of low weight gain associated with fish-oil supplemented infant
formula could be overcome by the addition of ARA in the form of microbial oil
to the formula (the “Second Invention”). This stemmed from the discovery that
it was an excess of EPA that causes the low weight gain problem, by inhibiting
the metabolic conversion of linoleic acid (“LOA”) to ARA and that this excess
could be overcome by adding ARA.

_Findings on the First Invention_

36 The Respondent contends that the First Invention is not consistent with the
Patent specifications. According to the Respondent, the claims specified in
the Patent are not limited to DHA and ARA only but includes other lcPUFAs. The
Tribunal agreed, finding at [137] that the Patent was directed instead at
providing a process of supplementing infant formula such that the supplemented
infant formula would contain PUFAs in amounts comparable to those in HBM. In
particular, the Tribunal found that the Patent did not exclude other PUFAs.

37 I disagree with the Tribunal on this finding. I accept the Applicant’s
submissions that the Patent discloses the First Invention for the reasons
which follow.

38 First, a particularly striking feature of this case is the extraordinary
state of the evidence before me. The evidence of the Applicant’s expert
witnesses was almost completely unchallenged. The Respondent chose not to
cross-examine Dr Lien at all, which is extraordinary given that Dr Lien’s
evidence extensively rebutted the evidence of the Respondent’s first expert
witness Dr Puah. While the Respondent did cross-examine Dr Kyle, it never
challenged Dr Kyle’s testimony on the First Invention[note: 1]. The
Applicant’s expert testimony that the Patent disclosed the First Invention is
therefore entirely unrebutted.

39 As far as the Respondent’s experts’ testimony goes, the Respondent chose to
withdraw Dr Puah from cross-examination, right before Dr Puah was due to take
the stand. In doing so, the Respondent explicitly took the position that Dr
Nga’s evidence was sufficient for its case.[note: 2] I will deal with Dr Nga’s
evidence in a while, but first I should make it clear that the withdrawal of
Dr Puah from cross-examination means that his evidence should bear no weight
at all. O 38 r 1(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules
of Court”) makes it clear that a witness’s affidavit will not be received in
evidence if he is not cross-examined, except with leave of court. Of course, O
38 r 1(2) applies to actions commenced by writ, not usually to hearings before
IPOS. However, in my view O 38 r 1(2) should apply with equal force here, with
the witnesses’ statutory declarations analogous to affidavits in a trial. The
parties agreed at a Case Management Conference on 6 February 2009 that the
Evidence Act would apply to their proceedings[note: 3] and implicitly the
Rules of Court too by virtue of section 137 of the Evidence Act. In any case,
whether in a trial or in IPOS proceedings, it would clearly prejudice the
Applicant for the Respondent to refuse to present its main witness for cross-
examination, especially at the last minute, and still seek to keep that
witness’s statutory declaration on record.[note: 4] I take cognisance of the
Applicant’s argument before me that Rule 80 of the Patents Rules leaves open
the procedure of revocation proceedings and therefore it is important for this
case to clarify the evidential consequences of irregularities such as the one
here. In my view, where parties have clearly agreed to conduct IPOS
proceedings like court trials, namely, applying the Evidence Act and the Rules
of Court, they must abide by the principles governing court trials.

40 The only evidence in favour of the Respondent, therefore, remains Dr Nga’s.
The problem is that Dr Nga’s expertise is not specific to the field involved
in this case. Dr Nga admitted under cross-examination that he had no
experience in general nutrition, much less paediatric nutrition. His expertise
pertained to the genetics of micro-organisms, without possessing specific
knowledge of the use of microbial oils in the human diet, specifically the
diet of infants. While his evidence cannot be “wholly disregarded” as the
Applicant urges, it cannot be denied that the evidence of the Applicant’s
witnesses, by virtue of their greater expertise in this field, would be of
greater assistance to this court than Dr Nga’s evidence.

41 The final picture we have of the evidence before me, therefore, is quite
extraordinary. On the one hand, the Applicant’s evidence as to the First
Invention is completely unchallenged – by the Respondent’s own election – and
on the other hand, the Respondent’s evidence is confined to that of one expert
without sufficient expertise in the relevant field. The Respondent argues, of
course, that the evidence of the Applicant’s witnesses must be treated with
caution because of their alleged bias. In the circumstances of this case, I
give no weight to this argument. In _Muhlbauer_ at [46]-[47], the Court of
Appeal refused to discount the evidence of one witness on the grounds of
apparent bias, because he was one of the actual inventors of the patented
machine. The Court of Appeal affirmed that, for the purposes of determining
whether the evidence of an expert should be discounted, the relevant test is
one of actual partiality rather than apparent partiality. The Respondent did
not adduce any evidence of actual partiality here. In fact, the Respondent did
not put any allegation of bias at all to Dr Kyle or Dr Lien on the witness
stand. Instead, it chose to make its allegations of bias by way of legal
submissions, giving Dr Kyle and Dr Lien no opportunity to respond to the same.
In any case, even if there is an increased likelihood of bias on the part of
an allegedly non-independent witness, it is for the adverse party to challenge
his testimony and demonstrate its unreliability. Given that the Respondent has
chosen not to challenge the testimony of Dr Lien at all and the testimony of
Dr Kyle with regard to the Patent disclosing the First Invention, it is
insufficient for the Respondent to merely allege bias.

42 There is the “third” source of evidence before me, _i.e_. the Re-
examination Report, which agreed with the Respondent that the Patent did not
disclose the First Invention but rather included other lcPUFAs besides ARA and
DHA. It is common ground that the Re-examination Report is not binding on this
court. Furthermore, the Re-examination Report was made based on the statutory
declarations of the various witnesses taken at face value, without taking into
account the limitations of Dr Puah’s and Dr Nga’s evidence as subsequently
demonstrated during the proceedings. For the reasons I have already analysed
above, the Re-examination Report’s value has therefore been greatly
diminished.

43 I now turn to my second point, _i.e_. the objective evidence before the
court, in the form of the text of the Patent specification itself. This is the
sole basis upon which the Tribunal rejected the Applicant’s submission that
the Patent disclosed the First Invention, despite the unusual state of the
evidence that I have already highlighted above. If the Tribunal were right in
its interpretation of the Patent specification, then it would have been right
to reject the Applicant’s submission notwithstanding the expert evidence – a
court is always entitled to examine an expert’s evidence based on logic and
rationality. However, I could not agree with the Tribunal’s interpretation of
the text of the Patent specification.

44 The Tribunal found that the Patent specification was inconsistent with the
Appellant’s submission that the inventive concept was that only DHA and ARA
were needed, based on extracts from the specification such as:

•

“… it is an object of the present invention to provide a PUFA-enriched
additive, the composition of which when added to commercial infant formula
will provide desired long chain PUFAs in amounts comparable to the amounts of
those PUFAs found in human breast milk” (Specification Replacement Sheet dated
2 July 1997, page 3, paragraph 2);

•

“it is to be understood that the present invention encompasses the use of a
single-microbial oil containing at least two desirable PUFAs, such as ARA and
DHA” (Specification Replacement Sheet dated 2 July 1997, page 5, paragraph 1);

•

“the most preferred microbial oils are those rich in an omega-3 or omega-6
PUFA, especially DHA, GLA and ARA” (Specification Replacement Sheet dated 2
July 1997, page 5, paragraph 4);

•

“Long chain PUFA-containing microbial oils from at least two microorganisms
can be obtained and blended together to provide the desired composition. The
blend then can be added to an infant formula. Preferably, an amount of the
blend effective to provide an amount of the desired PUFAs substantially
similar to that found in human breast milk will be provided” (Specification
Replacement Sheet dated 2 July 1997, page 7, paragraph 5, line 13 to page 8,
paragraph 1);

•

“In a preferred embodiment, the microbial oils include ARASCO (ARA single cell
oil) and DHASCO (DHA single cell oil) and EPASCO (EPA single cell oil) or any
combination thereof” (Specification Replacement Sheet dated 2 July 1997, page
8, paragraph 3) [long names added].

45 In construing a patent, the _claims_ are the principal determinants of the
patent – the details of the specification may assist but are ultimately
secondary (s 113 of the Act as interpreted in _First Currency Choice Pte Ltd v
Main-Line Corporate Holdings Ltd and another appeal_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335 at
[23] (“ _Main-Line_ ”)). Furthermore, it is trite law that a patent should be
construed purposively rather than by a strict literal approach (_Main-Line_ at
[25]).

46 Claim 1 reads:

A process for supplementing infant formula with docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and
arachidonic acid (ARA) characterized in that it comprises:

(a)blending an oil containing DHA and an oil containing ARA, wherein at least
one oil is a microbial oil and the other oil is selected from a microbial oil,
a fish oil and a vegetable oil, the oils being blended to provide a ratio of
about 2 to 12 parts by weight ARA to about 1 to 5 parts by weight DHA, and

(b)adding said oil blend to said infant formula in an amount sufficient that
the amounts of DHA and ARA in said formula are comparable to the amounts of
DHA and ARA in human breast milk.

47 Claim 2 reads:

A process for supplementing infant formula with DHA and ARA, which comprises:

(a)preparing an oil blend comprising an oil containing DHA and an oil
containing ARA, wherein at least one of said DHA-containing oil and said ARA-
containing oil is a microbial oil and oils are blended to provide an
ARA:DHA:EPA ratio of from 5:1:1 to 20:10:1 parts by weight; and

(b)adding said oil blend to said infant formula in an amount sufficient that
the amounts of DHA, ARA and EPA in said formula are comparable to the amounts
of DHA, ARA and EPA in human breast milk.

48 It seems clear enough from the text of Claims 1 and 2, at least, that the
Patent disclosed the First Invention. Furthermore, Dr Lien testified that a
person skilled in the field of infant formula would appreciate from reading
the claims and the specification that the preferred oil blend for
supplementing infant formula is a blend of only one DHA-containing oil and one
ARA-containing oil. The Tribunal appeared to have construed the Patent solely
on a piece-meal analysis of the text of the specification, without addressing
the text of the claims themselves or the expert evidence as to what a skilled
addressee would understand the claims to convey.

49 Furthermore, even the parts of the specification cited above (at [44]) are
not as damning to the Applicant’s submissions as the Tribunal considered them
to be. The stated objective of the Patent, for example, being to “provide a
PUFA-enriched additive, the composition of which when added to commercial
infant formula will provide _desired_ long chain PUFAs in amounts comparable
to the amounts of those PUFAs found in human breast milk” [emphasis added]
does not necessarily show that Patent taught the inclusion of as many lcPUFAs
present in HBM as possible. Dr Lien gave evidence that the word “desired”
indicates that not all lcPUFAs are included in the supplement.[note: 5] The
same applies to the fourth passage cited at [44] above.

50 The Tribunal seems to have been inconsistent in its understanding as to
whether the Patent teaches the use of only two microbial oils. At [87] of the
Decision, it allowed one of the Proposed 2006 Amendments on the ground that
“Example 5 [of the Patent application as originally filed] _showed that DHA
oil and ARA oil are to be the only lcPUFAs required for the oil blend_ ”
[emphasis added]. This would contradict its finding on the inventive concept
of the Patent.

51 In conclusion, the weight of the evidence shows that the first inventive
concept in the Patent was to produce an improved infant formula with a blend
of _only_ a microbial DHA-containing oil and a microbial ARA-containing oil,
thus making it unnecessary to include as many lcPUFAs present in HBM as
possible. It is this inventive concept that we must then test against the
requirements of Novelty and Inventive Step.

_Findings on the Second Invention_

52 With respect to the Second Invention, the dispute between the parties is
different. Whereas the first dispute was over whether the First Invention was
a proper _characterisation_ of the inventive concept disclosed by the Patent,
in this second dispute the Respondent does not challenge the characterisation
of the inventive concept. Rather, the Respondent disagrees with the Applicant
as to what the state of the art was then. The Respondent contends that the
state of the art then already included the knowledge that it was EPA that
caused the problem of low weight gain, by inhibiting the conversion of
linoleic acid (“LOA”) to ARA, thus rendering the solution provided in the
Second Invention obvious. This thus goes to the issues of Novelty and
Inventive Step.

Novelty

53 The Tribunal found Claim 1 to be novel, like Claim 1 of the Proposed 2006
Amendments, on the basis that the relevant prior art D1 only discloses a ratio
range for omega-6:omega-3 fatty acids, whereas Claim 1 discloses a specific
range for ARA:DHA [note: 6] It accordingly found Claim 2 novel too because
Claim 2 is similar to Claim 1 except that the second oil stated therein can be
selected from any oils instead of from a microbial oil, a fish oil or a
vegetable oil, and the ratio range now includes EPA. It presumably found the
remaining dependent claims novel.

54 While the Tribunal was right to hold that the claims in the Patent are
novel, I should clarify that it is not the ratio ranges of omega-6:omega-3
fatty acids that should be tested against the requirements of Novelty and
Inventive Step but rather the First Invention and Second Invention as
characterised above. The Court of Appeal emphasised in _Muhlbauer_ at [40]
that in assessing the validity of a patent, the parties and the court must
characterise the invention accurately. In _Muhlbauer_ , the tribunal below had
erroneously based its analysis of Novelty and Inventive Step on the quantity
of pick-up heads in the machine taught by the patent against the machines
taught by the respective prior art publications when the enquiry should be
really the _overall qualitative difference_ between the respective machines.
Similarly, in this case, the Tribunal’s analysis should not therefore have
been about ratio ranges disclosed by the Patent against prior publications but
whether the First and Second Inventions were novel and contained inventive
steps.

55 As prior publications cannot be assembled into a ‘mosaic’ for the purposes
of assessing the novelty of an invention, we must compare the First and Second
Inventions against each individual piece of prior art to see if any of them
has anticipated the respective inventions.

_The First Invention: did any of the prior art teach the use of only an ARA-
containing microbial oil and a DHA- containing microbial oil?_

**_D1_**

56 D1 is an invention directed to a fatty acid mixture to prepare nutritional
compositions, especially infant formula. It is clear that D1 does not
anticipate the First Invention. While D1 teaches that PUFAs are needed by
infants, there is no evidence that D1 contemplates that only an ARA-containing
and a DHA-containing microbial oil are sufficient to replicate the benefits of
HBM. In fact: (i) D1 teaches the use of at least 4 and preferably 6 fatty
acids; (ii) D1 does not refer to or teach microbial oils; and (iii) D1 teaches
the matching of as many of the lcPUFAs found in HBM as possible. All these
three points were conceded by Dr Nga in cross-examination.

**_D2_**

57 D2 relates to the development of commercial sources for purified omega-3
lcPUFAs in the free acid or methyl ester to replace the use of fish oil for
pharmaceutical uses. The Tribunal read D2 as disclosing microorganisms as
potential sources of PUFAs[note: 7] and the Respondent submits that D2 teaches
a commercial microbial source of DHA and a commercial microbial source of ARA.
Insofar as the Respondent submits that D2 teaches a source of ARA, however,
this is wrong. As the Applicant pointed out at the hearing before me, D2 is
explicitly concerned with alternative sources of only _omega-3 fatty acids_ ,
which includes EPA and DHA but _not_ ARA which is an omega-6 fatty acid. On
that ground alone, D2 clearly does not anticipate the First Invention, not to
mention the fact that D2 does not refer to infant formula supplements at all
nor even considers whether the use of the microorganisms listed is safe in a
food application.

**_D3_**

58 D3 clearly does not anticipate the First Invention. The fatty mixture
taught in D3 can be obtained by a number of sources including fish oils, egg
oil, cows’ and pigs’ liver and kidney fat and vegetable oils, rather than
specifically microbial oils as taught in the Patent. The only basis on which
the Respondent argues that D3 teaches the use of microbial oils is the
reference to “algae oils” on page 4[note: 8] but the Applicant points out that
the algae listed are all seaweeds and would not be considered sources of
microbial oil[note: 9]. This is buttressed by the fact that Dr Nga also
conceded that D3 does not teach the use of microbial oils[note: 10]. In fact,
Dr Nga also conceded that D3 teaches that lcPUFAs other than ARA and DHA are
required. This being the case, D3 clearly did not teach the use of only an
ARA-containing and a DHA-containing microbial oil for the purpose of
replicating the benefits of HBM in an infant formula supplement.

59 It follows that the First Invention is not anticipated by any prior art and
is novel.

_The Second Invention: did any of the prior art teach that it is an excess of
EPA that causes the problem of low weight gain problem associated with fish-
oil supplemented infant formula and that this can be overcome by the addition
of ARA in the form of microbial oil to the formula?_

**_D27_**

60 D27 is central to the dispute over whether the Second Invention was already
part of the state of the art. Also known as the “Carlson Study”, D27 states at
p306 that:

DHA/EPA supplemented infants weighed less from 48 (n=60) through 92 weeks
(n=30) PCA. Omega-3 supplementation during infancy…appeared to result in the
accumulation of less body fat”.

61 The Respondent contends that the Carlson Study therefore already observed
the problem that fish oil led to lower weight gain and the Second Invention is
therefore not novel. However, two points can be made: first, the Carlson Study
did not identify whether it is the DHA or the EPA in fish oil that causes the
lower weight gain; second, even if we assume that it did identify the problem,
nowhere does it identify the _solution_ to this problem. It is these two
aspects that are the essence of the Second Invention. Furthermore, as the
Applicant argues, there is no indication in the first place that the Carlson
Study considered this lower weight gain to be a _problem_ that had to be
addressed before fish oil could continue to be fed to infants. D27 therefore
does not anticipate the Second Invention.

**_D34_**

62 D34 is a report on a test comparing a linseed oil supplement with a MaxEPA
supplement on adults, where MaxEPA contains EPA and DHA. The Respondent argues
that D34 discloses that EPA inhibits the metabolic conversion of LOA to ARA in
that it states:

•

“The proportion of arachidonic acid (20:4w3) was substantially decreased by
the MaxEPA supplement but not by the linseed oil supplement” (page 91, column
1, paragraph 3, lines 5-8);

•

“The lower proportion of AA and 22:4w6 imply that their synthesis from
linoleic acid (18:2w6) was decreased (page 96, column 1, paragraph 1, lines
21-23).

63 The Applicant contends that D34 does not even pertain to the effects of
MaxEPA on _infants_ , rather than adults. Even if we assume for the sake of
argument that the effects of MaxEPA on adults and infants are identical, D34,
like D27, does not identify whether it is the EPA or the DHA that is
responsible for this effect. This is something Dr Nga again conceded in cross-
examination. Furthermore, as highlighted by Dr Lien and unrebutted by the
Respondent, D34 does not draw any causal link between the inhibited production
of ARA and reduced weight gain.

64 Therefore, the Second Invention is also not anticipated by any prior art
and is novel.

Inventive Step

65 The burden of proof is on the party attacking the validity of a patent to
show that no inventive step was involved. The Court of Appeal in _Muhlbauer_
at [19] affirmed that the primary evidence with regard to this element will be
that of properly qualified expert witnesses who will say whether or not in
their opinion the relevant step would have been obvious to a skilled man
having regard to the state of the art. Once again, the Respondent never
challenged this aspect of Dr Kyle’s and Dr Lien’s evidence. Its own expert
evidence is confined to Dr Nga’s, who is not an expert in the relevant field.
The Respondent has clearly failed to discharge its burden of showing that the
First and Second Inventions were obvious to a person skilled in the art.

66 In any case, the First Invention falls within the clear case of non-
obviousness _i.e_. when the invention _goes against conventional wisdom_. As
articulated by the English Court of Appeal in _Pozzoli SpA v BDMO SA_ [2007]
FSR 37 at [27]: “A patentee who contributes something new by showing that,
contrary to the mistaken prejudice, the idea will work or is practical has
shown something new. He has shown that an apparent 'lion in the path' is
merely a paper tiger. Then his contribution is novel and non-obvious and he
deserves his patent”. The First Invention showed that supplemented infant
formula need not include as many lcPUFAs found in HBM as possible to replicate
the benefits of HBM.

67 This also applies to the Second Invention insofar as the expert evidence is
that conventional wisdom held fish oil to be beneficial for infants, without
identifying the need to solve the problem of lower weight gain. As established
at [61] above, even D27, the prior publication closest to the Second
Invention, does not identify the phenomenon of lower weight gain as a
_problem_ that had to be addressed before fish oil could continue to be fed to
infants as a supplement. In fact, the preferred examples disclosed in D1,
which teaches a fatty acid mixture to prepare nutritional compositions
especially for infant formulas, contain _much higher levels of EPA_ than
HBM.[note: 11] This demonstrates that the state of the art did not see fish
oil as problematic for infant consumption and the Respondent has adduced no
prior art that teaches to the contrary. Even if the state of art had
identified lower weight gain as a problem that needed to be solved, the
essence of the Second Invention was to single out EPA rather than DHA as the
source of the problem. The Respondent has not been able to point to any prior
art that suggests any attempt to isolate which component of fish oil it was
that caused lower weight gain. The Patent’s identification of EPA as the
source, and going one step further to provide the solution, is therefore non-
obvious.

68 Additionally, the Applicant submits that the commercial success of the
Patent illustrates that the inventions were non-obvious. It is true that
commercial success may play a role in establishing non-obviousness, albeit not
conclusively (Ng-Loy Wee Loon, _Law of Intellectual Property of Singapore_
(Sweet & Maxwell Asia, Rev Ed, 2009) at paragraph 30.1.52 (“ _Law of IP in
Singapore_ ”)). However, I would not accord too much weight to this factor
here. The “commercial success” referred to by the Applicant is Dr Kyle’s
evidence that the only sources currently used in infant formula are “the
designer oils, DHA and ARA, designer oils or a combination of the fish oil
with the ARA designer oil”. This is despite the fact that D1 has long been
revoked and is therefore free for everyone to use. While this may well be
true, in my view this evidence is not specific enough to establish the
Patent’s commercial success. It was only mentioned in passing during the oral
examination of Dr Kyle, unlike in _Muhlbauer_ where evidence was specifically
submitted that more than 100 of the patentee’s machines had been sold as
compared to only four units of the machine taught in a prior publication. The
evidence is certainly insufficient to prove that the alleged commercial
success was due to the invention itself rather than extrinsic factors such as
successful marketing (_Law of IP in Singapore_ at paragraph 30.1.52). In any
case, this does not affect the outcome of this case. I have found above that
both the First and Second Inventions did contain inventive steps.

Sufficiency

69 The Respondent further contends that the Patent should be revoked under s
80(1)(c) for lack of sufficiency, _i.e_. the specification of the patent does
not disclose the invention clearly and completely for it to be performed by a
person skilled in the art. It challenges the sufficiency of claims in the 1999
Amendments, the Proposed 2006 Amendments and the 2008 Amendments respectively.
The Tribunal found that all claims in the respective Amendments were
sufficient. I reiterate that I only examine the validity of the Patent based
on the 1999 Amendments. Therefore, I turn to the Respondent’s submissions that
the claims in the 1999 Amendments are insufficient.

70 The Respondent submits that three parts of the 1999 amended claims in
particular are insufficient:

(i)

The phrase, “comparable to…in human breast milk”, in Claims 1, 2, 21 and 22;

(ii)

The phrase, “substantially free of EPA”, in Claims 3, 8 and 16; and

(iii)

Claims 7, 20 and 26 where the Patent “does not disclose products that are not
directly obtainable from the claimed processes”

71 With regard to (i) and (ii) above, the Respondent’s objection is one of
lack of clarity. The phrase in (i) allegedly lacks clarity because the lcPUFA
content of HBM varies according to factors such as the ethnicity of the
mother. The phrase in (ii) does not specify a quantitative limit on the amount
of EPA.

72 However, to revoke a patent on the grounds of insufficiency, it is not
enough for the Respondent to highlight ambiguities in the plain language of
the claims. As the court in _Rediffusion Simulation v Link-Miles_ [1993] FSR
369 at 388 affirmed:

[T]here is seldom a case where a person, who is asked to look at every word of
a specification to try and destroy it, cannot make out a case of potential
ambiguity. That is not the correct approach. The specification _should be read
through the eyes of the skilled addressee attempting to give it practical
meaning and endeavouring to ascertain the intention of the draftsmen_.
[emphasis added]

73 The Respondent has adduced no expert testimony to prove that the above
phrases would render the invention unworkable _from the point of view of a
skilled addressee_. In contrast, Dr Lien at pages 3 to 8 of his Statutory
Declaration explained how a skilled addressee would understand how to work the
invention. In particular, Dr Lien explained at pages 11 to 13 how the phrase
in (i) would be clear to the person skilled in the field of infant formula and
this evidence has remained unrebutted by the Respondent.

74 As for (iii), the Respondent merely alludes to the fact that these claims
are product-by-process claims. I do not see how this is an objection based on
sufficiency.[note: 12]

75 I therefore find that the claims in the 1999 Amendments meet the
requirement of sufficiency.

Status of corresponding patents in other jurisdictions

76 It only remains for me to address one final point. Both in the proceedings
below and before me, the Respondent highlighted the status of the Applicant’s
various foreign patents that allegedly correspond to this Patent. In
particular, the Respondent stressed foreign proceedings where the Appellant
was either unsuccessful in obtaining a patent or unsuccessful in defending its
granted patents in opposition proceedings. I appreciate the Respondent’s
efforts in highlighting the similarities between the Patent and each foreign
patent individually. Unfortunately, however, this does not really aid in
either proving or disproving the validity of this Patent. In my view, the
Tribunal was correct to rely on the Court of Appeal’s judgment in _Main-Line_
at [2] that:

Ultimately, it must also be acknowledged that an adjudication on patent rights
is predicated upon not only the applicable regulatory framework and practices,
but also the evidence presented as well as the submissions made to the
tribunal concerned. _Care must therefore be taken by counsel when referring to
and/or relying on another apparently similar decision on the “same” issue from
another jurisdiction_. [emphasis added].

77 While it is true that the court in _Main-Line_ did contemplate at [58] that
the decision of the New Zealand patent office could be “of some penumbral
assistance” in that case, that was because the court found that there was some
consistency between the statutory matrices of Singapore and New Zealand. The
Respondent has made no such submissions here.

Conclusion on the Validity Issue

78 For the above reasons, I find that the Patent fulfilled the requirements of
Novelty, Inventive Step and Sufficiency. I therefore dismiss the Revocation
Proceedings.

The Amendments Issue

79 I turn next to the issue of whether the Appellant’s amendments to the
Patent should be allowed. As established above, the Appellant filed four set
of amendments in total. The 1997 Amendments were never challenged and the
Respondent has discontinued its appeal with regard to the 1999 Amendments.
Only the Proposed 2006 Amendments and the Proposed 2008 Amendments therefore
remain in dispute. Insofar as the Applicant appeals against the Tribunal’s
decision to disallow claim 30 of the 1999 Amendments (“Claim 30”), Claim 30
also remains in issue.

80 I note that the Respondent does not resurrect its argument below that the
Proposed 2008 Amendments are prohibited because section 80 of the Act affords
patentees only _one_ opportunity to amend a patent during revocation
proceedings. As the Tribunal pointed out at [115]-[116] of the Decision, there
is no statutory basis for this contention.

The law

81 Section 84(3) of the Act provides that no amendment will be allowed if it:
(a) results in the specification disclosing additional matter; or (b) extends
the protection granted by the patent. With regard to section 84(3)(a), the
subject matter will be considered “additional matter” if it is not clearly and
unambiguously disclosed, either implicitly or explicitly, in the application
as originally filed (_Bonzel v Intervention Ltd_ [1991] RPC 553 at 574). With
regard to section 84(3)(b), it is to be noted that the scope of an individual
claim may be extended so long as it does not extend the overall monopoly of
the patent (_Siegfried Demel v Jefferson_ [1999] RPC 155).

The 1999 Amendments – Claim 30

82 Claim 30 discloses that the microbial oil containing DHA and/or the
microbial oil containing ARA are “in triglyceride form”. The only basis of
this claim in the original Patent specification is Example 1 on page 12, where
it states:

“The second fraction was predominantly phospholipids whereas the first
fraction contained a mixture of phospholipids and triglycerides. The combined
fractions produced an oil containing about 30-35% arachidonic acid and no
detectable EPA.”

83 The Re-Examiner took this to indicate that “during production of the
microbial oils it appears that fatty acids are in the form of phospholipids
and triglycerides” and on this basis concluded that Claim 30 did not disclose
additional matter.[note: 13] However, in my view the Tribunal was right to
find that Example 1 is inconclusive support for Claim 30. Example 1 indicates
that different fractions in the production of the microbial oils were
different mixes of phospholipids and triglycerides, with the second fraction
apparently containing no triglycerides at all. Example 1 thus does not
“clearly and unambiguously” disclose the subject matter of Claim 30.

84 The Applicant’s appeal against the Tribunal’s finding in this regard is
therefore dismissed.

The Proposed 2006 Amendments

85 I turn now to the Proposed 2006 Amendments.

(1) _“Substantially lower” – Claim 2_

86 The first proposed amendment to claim 2 is to include that:

the amount of each other long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid (lcPUFA) in
said supplemented infant formula is _substantially lower_ than the amount of
that lcPUFA in human breast milk [emphasis added].

87 “Each _other_ ” lcPUFA refers to the fact that this claim only refers to
lcPUFAs other than ARA and DHA.

88 The Tribunal allowed this amendment on the basis that this feature is
disclosed in Tables 2 and 7 of Examples 5 and 10 respectively (“Tables 2 and
7”) in the original application. The Tribunal found that Tables 2 and 7
reflected that the amount of lcPUFAs other than ARA and DHA in the
supplemented infant formula is either lower or in significantly lower amount
compared to that in HBM. In my view, this is correct. I note in particular
that in interpreting the Tables, care must be taken to examine only the
relevant profiles – as clarified by the Applicant and the Tribunal, some of
the profiles reflected in the Tables are _not_ lcPUFAs but other types of
fatty acids. An examination of the relevant profiles reflects substantially
lower amounts than in HBM.

89 I find, contrary to the Respondent’s argument, that the skilled person _is_
guided to the quantitative meaning of “substantially lower”. The specification
of a patent should be read through the eyes of the skilled addressee, “
_attempting to give it a practical meaning and endeavouring to ascertain the
intention of the draftsmen_ ” (_Rediffusion Simulation v Link Miles_ [1993]
FSR 369 at 388) [emphasis added]. In this light, I find that the Tribunal was
right to hold that a skilled addressee, reading the Patent and attempting to
give it a practical meaning, would have been able to obtain the results as
stated in Examples 5 and 10 had he carried out the necessary experiments.

(2) _Replacement of “comprising of” with “consisting of” – Claims 2 and 26_

90 The second proposed amendment is to amend the phrase “comprising of” to
“consisting of” in claims 2 and 26.

91 The Tribunal allowed this amendment on the basis that it constituted a
positive limitation on the claim. The Respondent contends that the amendment
is the Applicant’s way of distinguishing its alleged invention from prior art
by excluding any additional features that were disclosed by the prior art.

92 I do not think there is any dispute as to the effect of the proposed
amendment. The Tribunal held that “comprising” is commonly understood to mean
“including but not limited to” whereas “consisting of” is close-ended.
However, that is not what the Respondent is objecting to. The Respondent’s
objection is that this limitation conveys the meaning that the oil blend
consists _only_ of ARA-containing oil and DHA-containing oil to the exclusion
of all other types of oils and additives. In other words, this is the
Respondent’s argument on the validity issue, which I have already addressed
earlier. Given that I have already held that the Patent did disclose that an
oil blend of only a microbial oil containing ARA and a microbial oil
containing DHA is necessary, the dispute over this amendment is moot. In fact,
I have already noted that it is somewhat strange for the Tribunal to have
found at [87] of the Decision that “Example 5 showed that DHA oil and ARA oil
are to be the only lcPUFAs required for the oil blend”, and yet reach the
conclusion it did on the revocation issue.

(3) _“An infant formula that is substantially free of lcPUFAs” – Claims 2 and
26_

93 The third proposed amendment is to include the phrase “an infant formula
that is substantially free of lcPUFAs” in claims 2 and 26.

94 The Tribunal allowed this amendment on the basis that it was disclosed in
Tables 2 and 7 in Examples 5 and 10 respectively, as with the first proposed
amendment at [88] above. I agree. The Respondent contends that the Tables
merely describe the composition of the unsupplemented infant formula and there
is no teaching in the Patent that this infant formula is intended to be
“substantially free of lcPUFAs”. However, this fails to consider that a
description of the composition of the unsupplemented infant formula can
implicitly teach that this infant formula is “substantially free of lcPUFAs”.
This is especially when we examine the Tables from the viewpoint of a person
skilled in the art. In my view, the profiles reflected in the Tables do this.

(4) _“At least 25% by weight DHA” – Claims 3, 16, 29 and 46; “ Rich in DHA” –
Claims 2, 15, 26, 31, 43 and 48_

95 The fourth proposed amendment is to amend claims 3, 16, 29 and 46 to
include the phrase “At least 25% by weight DHA”. The fifth proposed amendment
is to amend claims 2, 15, 26, 31, 43 and 48 to include the phrase “Rich in
DHA”. The Tribunal addressed these two proposed amendments together because
the arguments involved were interlinked.

96 The Tribunal disallowed both amendments, in my view correctly. It found
that, while not disclosing additional matter, the amendments extend the
protection granted by the Patent. It found that the amendments do not disclose
additional matter because the Patent specifications, at lines 8-9 at page 5
read with line 6 at page 9, do disclose a _lower limit_ of 25% and the
teaching of “richness” in DHA and ARA. However, lines 5-6 at page 9 also
disclose an _upper limit_ of 40% by weight DHA. The phrases “at least 25% by
weight DHA” and “rich in DHA” therefore extend the scope of protection granted
by the Patent because they disclose only lower limits, not an upper limit. The
Applicant contended below on the basis of lines 8-9 on page 5 that the Patent
did not impose an upper limit but only that the microbial oils should be
“rich” in DHA. However, the Applicant cannot pick and choose parts of the
specifications to rely upon for the purposes of establishing what the Patent
disclosed. Having urged the Tribunal to read lines 8-9 at page 5 _together_
with line 6 at page 9 in order to establish that no additional matter was
disclosed, it cannot then ignore the latter and rely only upon the former to
argue that the Patent did not impose an upper limit of 40%.

(5) _“At least 20% by weight ARA” – Claims 4, 17, 27 and 44; “Rich in ARA” –
Claims 2, 15, 26 and 43_

97 The sixth and seventh proposed amendments are to amend claims 4, 17, 27 and
44 to include the phrase “at least 20% by weight ARA” and to amend claims 2,
15, 26 and 43 to include the phrase “rich in ARA”. The submissions here are
the same as with the fourth and fifth proposed amendments above on the
proportion of DHA. For the same reasons, therefore, I find that the Tribunal
was correct to disallow these amendments as well.

(6) _All other claims_

98 Apart from the proposed amendments above, the Proposed 2006 Amendments
contained other amendments which the Respondent did not specifically submit on
below. Nevertheless, the Tribunal stated that save for Claim 45, the proposed
amendments to all other claims were allowable. Insofar as these claims are
dependent claims, their allowability depends on the allowability of the
relevant parent claim analysed above. Also, Claims 1 and 25 are no longer in
issue because the Respondent has withdrawn its appeal with regard to these
claims.[note: 14]

99 As for Claim 45, it is for “the composition of any one of claims 42 to 44”.
I have already held earlier that amended Claims 43 and 44 are not allowed. It
follows that Claim 45 is disallowed insofar as it is dependent on claims 43 or
44. On the other hand, the Tribunal held that Claim 45 is allowed insofar as
it is dependent on Claim 42, which it allowed. I disagree with the Tribunal’s
finding that Claim 42 be allowed for the reasons stated below at [101]-[103]
where I consider the allowability of certain Proposed 2008 Amendments because
those amendments involve the same phraseology as the Proposed 2006 Amendment
to Claim 42.

The Proposed 2008 Amendments

100 Under the Proposed 2008 Amendments, substantive amendments were made only
to Claims 2, 15 and 26 in addition to the deletion of Claims 31 and 48. The
rest of the claims remain substantively identical to those in the Proposed
2006 Amendments. I therefore need only consider the proposed amendments to
Claims 2, 15 and 26 (together with Claim 42 as explained above at [99]), as
well as the proposed deletion of Claims 31 and 48.

(1) _Replacement of “rich in” with “containing” – Claims 2, 15, 26 and 42_

101 The first proposed amendment is to replace the term “rich in” with the
term “containing” in claims 2, 15 and 26. This amendment was also already made
to claim 42 under the Proposed 2006 Amendments.

102 The Tribunal disallowed this amendment. I find that it was correct to do
so because the amendment extends the scope of protection conferred by the
Patent within the meaning of section 84(3)(b) of the act. The words and terms
in a claim are to be given their ordinary English meaning unless: (a) a word
or expression has a specialised meaning in the relevant art (_Electric &
Musical Industries Ltd v Lissen Ltd_ [1939] 56 RPC 23 at 24); or (b) the
specification may indicate an ambiguous meaning thereby justifying resort to
the body of the specification to define the words used in the claim
(_Interlego AG v Toltoys Pty Ltd_ (1973) 130 CLR 461). I accept the
Respondent’s submission that, given their ordinary English meanings, it is
clear that “containing” is wider than “rich in”. The former would mean that
the microbial oil may contain _any amount_ of DHA or ARA whereas the latter
requires a _large amount_ of the same. This is sufficient to dispose of the
issue although the Respondent also objects to the amendment on the basis of
section 84(3)(a) as well _i.e_. that it discloses additional matter.

103 It follows that Claim 42 (which is the same in both the Proposed 2006 and
2008 Amendments) should not be allowed. Consequently, Claim 45 of the Proposed
2006 Amendments is also not allowed (see above at [99]).

(2) _Deletion of old proposed dependent Claims 31 and 48_

104 This is no longer an issue as the Respondent has withdrawn its cross-
appeal against the decision of the Tribunal to allow this deletion.

(3) _All other claims_

105 The allowability of all other claims in the Proposed 2008 Amendments
depends on the allowability of their equivalent claims in the Proposed 2006
Amendments.

Conclusion on the Amendments Issue

106 In conclusion, I dismiss both parties’ appeal and cross-appeal against the
Tribunal’s findings on the allowability of the claims in the Proposed 2006 and
2008 Amendments, with the sole exception that I overturn the Tribunal’s
finding that Claim 42 of the Proposed 2006 Amendments is allowable and that
therefore Claim 45 of the Proposed 2006 Amendments is also allowable insofar
as it is dependent on Claim 42.

Conclusion

107 For all the above reasons, I allow the Applicant’s appeal against the
Tribunal’s decision in the Revocation Proceedings and dismiss both parties’
appeal and cross-appeal against the Tribunal’s decision in the Amendment
Proceedings except with regard to Claim 42 and consequently Claim 45 in the
Proposed 2006 Amendments.

108 In the circumstances of the case, a fair order as to costs would be to
order the Respondent to pay the Applicant 95% of its costs for the hearing
before the Tribunal and for the appeal before me and I so order.

* * *

[note: 1]Merrill Legal Solutions Transcripts at pp45-62 (18 February 2009)

[note: 2]Merrill Legal Solutions Transcripts at p6 (17 February 2009)

[note: 3]Item 5.5, Minutes of Case Management Conference attached to Allen &
Gledhill’s letter of 2 February 2011

[note: 4]Merill Legal Solutions Transcripts at p11 (17 February 2009)

[note: 5]Declaration of Dr Eric Lien, Tab 5 of Applicant’s Core Bundle of
Documents Vol II, at [6]

[note: 6]Decision at [130]

[note: 7]At [31]

[note: 8]Respondent’s Case at [138.1]

[note: 9]Applicant’s Case at [247].

[note: 10]Applicant’s Case at [249].

[note: 11]Applicant’s Case at [233]

[note: 12]Respondent’s Case at [329], referring to [159]-[164]

[note: 13]Re-examination Report at Sheet No. 3

[note: 14]Respondent’s Case at [80]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

