Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd _v_ Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd  
[2011] SGCA 31

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 87 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Adrian Tan, Ong Pei Ching, Joseph Yeo Zhu Quan, Aziah
Hussin (Drew & Napier LLC) and Boo Moh Cheh (Kurup & Boo) for the appellant;
Richard Kuek Chong Yeow and Adrian Aw Hon Wei (Gurbani & Co) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd — Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore
Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 1021.]

30 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
who had dismissed the appellant’s claim for an indemnity from the respondent
insurance company under a Workmen’s Compensation Policy (see _Mohammed Shahid
Late Mahabubur Rahman v Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd (Tokio Marine Insurance
Singapore Ltd, third party)_ [2010] 3 SLR 1021 (“the Judgment”)).

2 The issues that arise in this appeal are deceptively simple and centre, in
the main, on the concept of _construction_ of the contract between the
parties. However, as we shall see, the principal difficulty lies in
determining the _scope of application_ of the insurance policy concerned.

Factual background

The parties

3 Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”) was the main contractor for
the design and erection of an industrial building at Tuas South Avenue 3/Tuas
Bay Drive (“the Project”). In respect of this Project, the Appellant
contracted two policies with Tokio Marine Insurance Singapore Ltd (“the
Respondent”) on 4 May 2007: a Workmen’s Compensation Policy No DWCP07S001548
(“the WC Policy”) and a “Contractors’ All Risks Policy No DGCR07S004322 (“the
CAR Policy”).

4 The Appellant was sued by a workman (“the Plaintiff”) who had been seriously
injured on 5 November 2007 while working at the Project worksite. He had at
the time been employed by Utracon Structural System Pte Ltd (“Utracon”), to
which the Appellant had sub-contracted post-tensioning works. The Plaintiff
alleged that the Appellant had breached various statutory duties as well as
its common law duty as occupier of the premises on which the Plaintiff had
been injured.

5 The Appellant then brought third party proceedings against the Respondent
for an indemnity under the WC Policy and/or the CAR Policy.

6 The Plaintiff and the Appellant reached a settlement on the first day of
trial and interlocutory judgment was entered for 95% of the Plaintiff’s
damages, to be assessed. The trial thus proceeded solely in respect of the
Appellant’s claim against the Respondent for an indemnity. At trial, the
Appellant abandoned its claim based on the CAR Policy, relying solely on the
WC Policy.

The WC Policy

How the policy was concluded

7 The WC Policy and CAR Policy were simultaneously arranged and paid for by
the Appellant through its insurance brokers, HSBC Insurance Brokers
(Singapore) Pte Ltd.[note: 1] This was in line with the main contract for the
Project, which required the Appellant to arrange for all necessary insurance
policies before the work on the Project could commence,[note: 2] as well as
with common industry practice whereby the main contractor typically arranges
and pays for both the Contractor’s All Risks Policy and Workmen’s Compensation
policies, for itself as well as on behalf of all its subcontractors.[note: 3]
Accordingly, the letter from the Appellant awarding the subcontract to Utracon
directed Utracon to “note that the Main Contractor [the Appellant] will be
arranging for the Contractors’ All Risks Insurance and Workmen’s Compensation
Insurance for _the whole of the Works_ ” [emphasis added].[note: 4]

8 As alluded to above (at [7]), the Appellant arranged for these policies
through HSBC Insurance Brokers (Singapore) Pte Ltd, specifically its agent, Mr
Lye Meng Swee (“Mr Lye”). According to the Respondent’s claims manager, Ms
Swee Sow Chin (“Ms Swee”), the industry practice is that when a would-be
insured is represented by an insurance broker, the insurance broker is the
intermediary between the would-be insured and insurer.[note: 5] Ms Swee also
gave evidence that brokers, as insurance professionals, would “have a good
understanding of the scope of coverage of the policy as well as the policy
terms and conditions and would be able to advise the main contractor and the
other insureds under the policy accordingly”.[note: 6] This should be borne in
mind given that, in the court below, Mr Lye testified that he had understood
the scope of the WC policy to be consistent with the construction put forward
by the Appellant.

9 Following some email correspondence between Mr Lye and the Respondent’s
agent, Ms Irina Loo (“Ms Loo”), Mr Lye informed Ms Loo on 30 April 2007 that
she could proceed to issue the WC and CAR Policies accordingly, and requested
that she send him the cover note to the policies (“the Cover Note”). Upon
receiving the Cover Note on 3 May 2007, Mr Lye checked it and noted that the
Land Transport Authority (“LTA”) was not included as a named insured.
According to Mr Lye, the LTA requires that it be named as an insured in
insurance policies that covers any works linking a driveway to a public
road.[note: 7] He therefore emailed Ms Loo requesting that the Respondent
include the LTA as a named insured. This having been done, the WC and CAR
Policies were finally issued on 4 May 2007.

The terms of the policy

10 It is common ground that for a claim to be covered by the WC Policy, it had
to fall within the WC Policy’s Operative Clause (“the Operative Clause”),
which provides that:[note: 8] “ … if any workman _in the Insured’s employment_
shall sustain personal injury by accident or disease caused during the Period
of Insurance and arising out of and in the course of his employment by the
Insured in the Business”, the Respondent will “indemnify the Insured against
all sums for which the Insured shall be liable to pay compensation under the
Legislation or at Common Law ...” [emphasis added].

11 “Legislation” is in turn defined in the Interpretation Clause of the WC
Policy as:[note: 9] “the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap. 354), amendments and
re-enactments thereof and any regulations made thereunder”.

12 “[T]he Insured” is defined in the “Name of Insured” Clause as:[note: 10]
“Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd [and]/or their sub-contractors of all tiers and
level [_sic_] as contractor [and]/or M/s Kim Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd [and]/or the
Land Transport Authority as principals for their respective rights and
interests”.

13 M/s Kim Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd is the developer and owner of the Project
worksite, and the party which had originally engaged the Appellant. The Land
Transport Authority had to be named amongst “the Insured” because the Project
involved building a driveway and linking it to a public road.

Parties’ submissions

14 The parties’ submissions were similar to those canvassed in the court
below. In essence, the disagreement between the parties centres on what
interpretation ought to be accorded the definition of “ _in the Insured’s
employment_ ” in the Operative Clause (above at [10]) – in particular, whether
the Operative Clause covers a case such as that in the present proceedings,
where the plaintiff is employed by one party within the class of Insured (“a
co-insured”) but is suing _another_ co-insured instead of his direct employer
(in this case, Utracon).

15 The Appellant’s position is that the Operative Clause does cover such
cases. In other words, the WC policy covers not only the liability of each
contractor to its own employees, but also any liability incurred by one
contractor to the employees of any other contractor within the class of what
has been described in the WC Policy as “the Insured”. In this case, therefore,
the WC Policy covers the Appellant’s liability to the Plaintiff even though he
was employed by Utracon.

16 On the other hand, the Respondent’s position is that whilst all levels of
contractors, main and sub-contractors alike, fall within the class described
as “the Insured” in the WC Policy, there must be a relationship of employment
between the _particular_ contractor seeking an indemnity under the WC Policy
and the particular injured plaintiff. The Respondent accepts that it would
have had to indemnify Utracon had the Plaintiff sued Utracon, but it contends
that it is not obliged to indemnify the Appellant in respect of its liability
to the Plaintiff.

17 To this end, the parties disagree on the effect of three particular
features of the WC Policy, as follows:

(a) The “Risk 001” Clause;

(b) Deletions from the “Exceptions” Clause; and

(c) Endorsements attached to the Schedule.

The “Risk 001” Clause

18 The “Risk 001” Clause, which defines the risk insured against, reads as
follows:[note: 11]

“Workmen’s Compensation (Project)

Insured Employees

Item 001. On all employees of insured and all tiers subcontractors

Contract Wageroll S$1,504,000.00”

19 According to the Appellant, this clause indicates that “insured employees”
clearly includes employees of “all tiers subcontractors”. The Respondent,
however, argues that this clause does not change the scope of the Operative
Clause but was, instead, meant to expand the coverage from _workmen_ (_viz_ ,
only manual labourers or non-manual labourers with a monthly income not
exceeding $1600) to all _employees_.

Deletions from the “Exceptions” Clause

20 The Respondent’s standard Workmen’s Compensation Policy jacket has an
“Exceptions” Clause excluding its liability in respect of various items. Two
items were deleted from this in the present WC Policy:[note: 12]

(a) Sub-clause (b): “the Insured’s liability to employees of independent
contractors engaged by the Insured”; and

(b) Sub-clause (c): “any employee of the Insured who is not a ‘workman’ within
the meaning of the Legislation”.

21 The Appellant argues that the deletion of sub-clause (b) was clearly
intended to make the Respondent liable in respect of claims brought against
the Appellant by its subcontractor’s employees, whereas the standard
“Exceptions” Clause would have excluded liability for this. The Respondent
denies this and argues, instead, that the two sub-clauses had to be deleted to
maintain consistency with what it submits to be the effect of Endorsement B,
as set out below (see generally [22]–[24]). In any case, the Respondent argues
that it is irrelevant to consider the “Exceptions” Clause unless the Appellant
can bring its claim within the Operative Clause in the first place, which it
cannot do.

Endorsements attached to the Schedule

22 Two rather involved Endorsements are attached to the policy Schedule.
Endorsement A reads as follows:[note: 13]

… in the event of any workmen employed by the within Insured or by the
Insured’s Contractors as referred to in Endorsement B hereon or any dependent
of such workmen, bringing or making a claim under any Workmen’s Compensation
Act Cap 354 for the time being in force in the Republic of Singapore against
any officer of the principal for personal injury or disease sustained whilst
at work on any Contract covered by the terms and conditions of the within
policy which the Insured may be carrying out for the said officer of the
principal the Company [the Respondent] will indemnify the said officer or
principal against such claim, and any costs, charges and expenses in respect
thereof. Provided always that the Company shall be entitled to have the sole
conduct and control of all proceedings connected with claims covered by this
endorsement. Nothing in the endorsement shall be constructed as affecting the
Insured’s right to recover damages in any other way under the said
legislation.

23 Endorsement B provides as follows:[note: 14]

… the indemnity herein granted is intended to cover the legal liability of the
Insured to workmen in the employment of contractors performing work for the
Insured while engaged in the business and occupation in respect of which the
within policy is granted but only so far as regards Claims under any Workmen’s
Compensation Act Cap 354 for the time being in force in the Republic of
Singapore.

24 The Respondent argues that Endorsement B specifically extends the WC Policy
to cover the liability of the Insured to workmen employed by its sub-
contractors, but only in respect of “claims under any Workmen’s Compensation
Act”, and _not_ to common law claims such as the one here. Such an extension
would not be necessary if the Appellant was correct in arguing that the
Operative Clause already covered this. Furthermore, the Respondent argues that
it is because of Endorsement B that the two sub-clauses (_viz_ , (b) and (c))
above had to be deleted from the “Exceptions” Clause, and the deletions must
therefore be read subject to Endorsement B.

25 The Appellant, on the other hand, argues that Endorsements A and B must be
read together, and that they apply only to the LTA. In this regard, both
Endorsements are stated in Memorandum 3 of the WC Policy to be “applicable to
the Land Transport Authority”.

The decision below

26 The Judge rejected all the Appellant’s arguments as set out above (and
which, as mentioned, are reprised in the present proceedings). Instead, he
accepted the Respondent’s submission that the WC Policy only applies where
there is a relationship of employment between the _particular_ contractor
seeking an indemnity and the particular injured plaintiff. Hence, he dismissed
the Appellant’s claim.

The issue

27 The only issue before this court, therefore, is whether the WC Policy
applies only where a co-insured incurs liability towards its own particular
employees, _or_ whether it applies regardless of whether liability is incurred
towards its own employee or towards _anyone_ in the _pool_ of individuals
_employed by the various co-insured for the purpose of the Project_.

Our decision

An important threshold point

28 Before proceeding to consider the detailed arguments made by the parties to
the present appeal, an important threshold point ought to be made at the
outset. Given that this appeal turns on the concept of interpretation in
general and interpretation of the Operative Clause in particular, the first
port of call must obviously be the actual language of the Operative Clause
read together with the other relevant clauses. If the meaning of the clause is
clear from the language of the clause itself, having regard to the context of
the contract (see generally the seminal decision of this court on the
principles of contractual interpretation set out in _Zurich Insurance
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3
SLR(R) 1029), all other specific arguments purporting to aid its
interpretation are unnecessary, _except_ where they may demonstrate that the
meaning of the clause is not so clear as it appears at first blush.

29 In our view, this point is, in the context of the present appeal, not only
an important one but also a crucial one. As we shall see, all the detailed
arguments on specific features of the WC Policy, made by both parties, tended
to generate more “heat” than “light”. More to the point, we are of the view
that a plain reading of Operative Clause read in the context of the WC Policy
supports, in and of itself, the Appellant’s interpretation. By seeking to
buttress his case with more specific and detailed points of construction, the
then counsel for the Appellant in the court below regrettably diverted the
attention of the court away from the central path which was clear, and which
ought to have been the path taken. Instead, all concerned were led on a
“detour” that ultimately resulted in the Judge arriving at what, with great
respect, was an erroneous destination. Indeed, there is at least a hint in the
Judgment itself which acknowledges the commercial purpose of the Operative
Clause which, owing to the unscheduled “detour”, the Judge was unable to give
effect to: in particular, the Judge observed as follows (at [81] of the
Judgment):

**_It appears to me that the defendant and its insurance broker believed that
the WC Policy was sufficiently comprehensive to embrace the present indemnity
claim. However genuine their belief may be, the task of the court is to
construe the terms of the insurance policy in order to determine its scope and
whether on its true construction the indemnity claimed by the defendant is
payable_**. Unfortunately for the defendant, the WC Policy only responds to
indemnity claims brought by any of the Insured in respect of liability
incurred at common law or under the Act to its employees. It does not respond
to common law claims (as opposed to claims under the Act, which are brought
within and covered by the WC Policy as a result of Endorsement B) brought by
non-employees against the Insured as occupier of the worksite. **_While this
may seem like an anomalous lacuna, as explained by counsel for the Insurer, it
is always possible for the defendant or any insured to procure a policy to
cover the current situation_**. That could be achieved, for example, by
deleting the proviso “ _but only so far as regards Claims under any Workmen's
Compensation Act Cap 354 for the time being in force_ ” [emphasis added] from
Endorsement B. Obviously there are other ways to arrange insurance to cover
the present situation. It is ultimately a question of pricing, _ie_ , the
premium. [Italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

30 In fairness to counsel for the Appellant, however, one of his main
arguments did centre on the meaning of the Operative Clause. Nor do we mean to
state that all the other points raised by the Appellant were irrelevant or
unarguable. Indeed, as we shall see, some of the points were, in fact,
consistent with the Appellant’s overall case. Nevertheless, the crucial point,
in our view, is that a plain reading of the language of the Operative Clause
in its proper context would have sufficed to dispose of the central issue in
the present proceedings and that at least some of the specific points raised
by the Appellant served to cloud this central pathway by way of what may be
termed a “legal overkill”. It might well have been the case that the
Respondent might have raised these precise points as it was, of course, well
entitled to do. However, the onus would then have been on _the Respondent_ to
utilise these points in order to _negative_ what would otherwise have been a
clear interpretation of the Operative Clause in the Appellant’s favour.

31 Be that as it may, as the specific points were raised and argued in some
detail by both parties here as well as in the court below, it is of course
necessary for us to address them. However, we ought to nevertheless begin at
the beginning by looking – first and foremost – at the actual language of the
Operative Clause itself in order to ascertain whether, at _that_ particular
point, a clear result emerges in favour of a particular party’s
interpretation. As alluded to above, we are of the view that a clear result
_does_ emerge – a point we deal with in the very next section of this
judgment. That having been said, we will nevertheless also proceed to consider
the specific points raised in order to demonstrate why they are either
consistent with the clear result just mentioned or are, at best, neutral
points that do not advance the Respondent’s case. With this “road map” in
mind, let us now proceed to consider the relevant clauses.

Construction of the Operative Clause

32 Although it has already been referred to above, because of their pivotal
significance to the outcome of the present appeal, it would be appropriate to
set out the material clauses again, commencing with the Operative Clause, as
follows:[note: 15]

NOW THIS POLICY WITNESSETH that if any workman in _the Insured's employment_
shall sustain personal injury by accident or disease caused during the Period
of Insurance and arising out of and in the course of his employment by _the
Insured_ in the Business, the Company will subject to the terms exceptions
conditions and warranties, and any memorandum if applicable, contained herein
or endorsed hereon (all of which are hereinafter collectively referred to as
the Terms of this Policy) indemnify _the Insured_ against all sums for which
_the Insured_ shall be liable to pay compensation either under the Legislation
or at Common Law, and will in addition pay all costs and expenses incurred by
_the Insured_ with the written consent of the Company. [emphasis added]

33 As already alluded to above, also material in the context of the present
appeal is the “Name of the Insured” Clause, which reads as follows:[note: 16]

Lim Keenly Builders Pte Ltd &/or their sub-contractors of all tiers and level
[_sic_] _as contractor_ &/or M/s Kim Teck Leong (Pte) Ltd &/or the Land
Transport Authority as principals for their respective rights & interests.
[emphasis added]

34 The Judge commenced his analysis of the Operative Clause in the court below
as follows (see the Judgment at [16]-[17]):

16 As stated, the defendant must bring its indemnity claim within the
Operative Clause in order to succeed in this action, but the main obstacle
that stands in the way of the defendant is the undeniable fact that the
plaintiff was not in its employment at the time of the accident. Instead, he
was employed by Utracon.

17 The inherent difficulty facing the defendant is self-evident when a plain
reading of the Operative Clause is adopted, for it reveals that the term
“Insured” must be understood as referring to different entities in order for
the defendant's claim to be maintained ...

35 With respect, the opening words of the Judge’s analysis (see the Judgment
at [16]) appeared to assume the answer to the very issue that was central to
the resolution of the proceedings themselves. In fairness, however, to the
Judge, perhaps one alternative interpretation is to that he was merely stating
(without pronouncing upon) what “the main obstacle” before the Appellant in
the court below was, although the phrase “ _undeniable_ fact” appears to point
in the other direction (see the Judgment at [16], reproduced in the preceding
paragraph [emphasis added]). Indeed, the Judge proceeded to express, in the
next paragraph, the view that “a _plain reading_ of the Operative Clause”
militated against the construction adopted by the Appellant (see the Judgment
at [17], reproduced in the preceding paragraph [emphasis added]). This view is
also reiterated towards the end of the Judgment (at [72]).

36 We respectfully differ from the Judge’s view. In our view, a plain reading
of the Operative Clause does indeed support the Appellant’s construction. The
Operative Clause does not operate in a vacuum or a hermetically sealed
environment. In particular, its interpretation depends on a determination of
_who_ is (or, as the case may be, who are) “ _the Insured_ ” within the
meaning and scope of the Operative Clause itself. That this is a crucial
inquiry is clear because, once “the Insured” is ascertained for the purposes
of the Operative Clause, the result of this appeal follows logically
therefrom. Put simply, if “the Insured” in the Operative Clause refers,
_collectively_ , to _all_ the contractors (including the Appellant and the
Respondent), then the Appellant’s construction of the Operative Clause ought
to prevail. If, on the other hand, “the Insured” in the Operative Clause
refers, instead, _only_ to _a single contractor_ at any given point in time,
then the Respondent’s construction of the Operative Clause ought to prevail as
the Plaintiff was _Utracon’s_ employee and the Operative Clause would only
operate (as the Respondent itself agreed) to permit _Utracon_ (but _not_ the
Appellant) to be indemnified by the Respondent if it (Utracon) was sued by the
Plaintiff.

37 It is clear, in our view, that “the Insured” in the Operative Clause
refers, _collectively_ , to _all_ the contractors. That this is so is evident
from _a plain reading of the “Name of the Insured” Clause_ (reproduced above
at [12] and [33]). Indeed, that clause suggests that _all_ the contractors
involved in the Project were _to be treated as a single entity_ for the
purposes of the WC Policy: it names the Insured as “Lim Keenly Builders Pte
Ltd &/or their sub-contractors of all tiers and level [_sic_] _as contractor
.._.” [emphasis added], _ie_ , as a single entity. It is true that the
Respondent had argued that there had been a drafting error on its part, and
that it had actually intended the “Name of Insured” clause to read, “Lim
Keenly Builders Pte Ltd as contractor and/or their subcontractors of all tiers
and level[s]” instead, _ie_ , that the term “contractor” would apply only to
the Appellant and not to it together with its subcontractors as a single
entity.[note: 17] However, in interpreting the terms of a written contract, a
party’s _subjective_ assertion that a drafting error was made is irrelevant in
the face of the _objective_ meaning of the terms concerned. In fact we find
such an argument to be even more unacceptable given the circumstances in which
insurance contracts are typically drafted: as this court observed in _Tay Eng
Chuan v Ace Insurance Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 95 at [35], albeit in a different
context, insurance contracts are invariably drafted and/or vetted by experts
to protect the interests of the insurers, and the insured generally have
little choice but to accept the terms thereof. In such a context, it does not
lie in the mouth of the Respondent to assert that it intended a material
clause to read differently from the actual words used, much less to argue that
this ought to be the meaning to be ascribed to the clause.

38 We therefore find that the plain meaning of the Operative Clause is such
that it does not apply only where there is a relationship of employment
between the _particular_ co-insured and the injured workman towards whom the
co-insured has incurred liability. It is appropriate here for us to address
the decision of this court in _Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction &
Engineering Co Ltd and other appeals_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 746 (“ _Awang bin
Dollah_ ”), which the Respondent relies heavily upon as authority in its
favour. We should point out that _Awang bin Dollah_ involved a completely
different question of interpretation, namely, whether the term “Sub-
Contractors’ Workers” in that part of the policy defining its coverage
included the workers of _sub_ -sub-contractors. This court found that it did
not and, on that basis, dismissed the appellant’s claim against the respondent
insurer (see _Awang bin Dollah_ at [52]–[58]). The observation of the court,
at [59] of its judgment, that the appellant was in any case not entitled to an
indemnity because the injured workman was not its own employee, was therefore
purely _obiter dicta_. Even so, it is _obiter dicta_ that may not apply in the
context of the present appeal. While the Judge noted that the operative clause
in _Awang bin Dollah_ was materially identical to the Operative Clause here,
with respect, that does not (in and of itself) take us far without
establishing the class of insured to which the operative clause in _Awang bin
Dollah_ applied. The policy in _Awang bin Dollah_ explicitly covered only the
main contractor and “3 General Labourers (Sub-contractors’ Workers)” – the
unusual narrowness of which was commented upon by the court at [55]. This is
quite unlike the expansive language of the “Name of Insured” Clause in the WC
Policy in the present appeal and its definition of the insured risk as being “
_on all employees of insured and all tiers subcontractors_ ” [emphasis added]
(see the “Risk 001” Clause reproduced above at [18]).

39 Indeed, it fully accords with the commercial purpose of the WC Policy that
the Operative Clause treats the contractors of all levels as a single entity.
As the Appellant has argued, the Project would (necessarily and practically)
involve not only the main contractor (_viz_ , the Appellant) but numerous
other sub-contractors (of whom Utracon was one) as well; it was essential that
the WC Policy cover liability towards _all_ employees of _all_ the contractors
involved in the Project (especially since, in the nature of things, the work
on the Project would, in the nature of things, entail a fair amount of
“crossover” interaction amongst the various contractors and employees). In a
related vein, the Appellant also noted in its case, as follows:[note: 18]

The WC Policy was to insure the Appellant on the basis of the Project as a
whole. The Project’s contract value was $7,520,000.00 and the contract
wageroll was $1,504,000.00. This wageroll is calculated at 20% of the contract
value of $7,520,000.00, and was _meant to cover the wages of subcontractors of
all tiers_. [emphasis added]

It would make eminent practical sense for the policy concerned to have been
taken out by the Appellant (who was the main contractor) on behalf of itself
as well as _all_ the other sub-contractors (which would be covered by the
phrase “of all tiers and level[s]” in the “Name of the Insured” Clause).
Indeed, this is borne out by undisputed facts. As noted above (at [7]), the
main contract for the Project required the Appellant to arrange for all
necessary insurance policies before the work on the Project could
commence.[note: 19] The letter from the Appellant awarding the subcontract to
Utracon directed Utracon to “note that the Main Contractor [the Appellant]
will be arranging for the Contractors’ All Risks Insurance and Workmen’s
Compensation Insurance for _the whole of the Works_.” [emphasis added].[note:
20] According to the evidence of the Respondent’s own claims manager, this was
in line with common industry practice, whereby the main contractor typically
arranges and pays for both the Contractor’s All Risks Policy and Workmen’s
Compensation policies for itself as well as on behalf of all its
subcontractors.[note: 21]

40 In this regard, it is strange to imagine that the parties intended the
application of the WC Policy to depend on so technical a distinction as
whether the injured Plaintiff chose to sue the Appellant or Utracon, and on
what cause of action he therefore chose to invoke (which is the gist of the
Respondent’s case). This is especially so when we consider that the full
commercial context of the WC Policy includes its interaction with the
Contractors’ All Risks Policy (the “CAR Policy”) issued by the Respondent to
the Appellant at the same time in respect of the same Project. This is a
dimension which was unfortunately not explored in the proceedings below
because the Appellant abandoned its reliance on the CAR Policy, but it is one
that we find significant. In this regard, we find that _an examination of the
interplay between the CAR Policy and the WC Policy buttresses the
interpretation of the Operative Clause as established above_. The CAR Policy
insures, _inter alia_ , against “Third Party Liability”, including accidental
bodily injury or illness to third parties “occurring in direct connection with
the construction or erection” of the Project and “happening on or in the
immediate vicinity of the site”.[note: 22] We have already noted in the
preceding paragraph that it was for the Appellant to make the necessary
insurance arrangements for itself and its subcontractors _comprehensively_. If
the Appellant’s liability towards employees of its sub-contractors was already
covered under the CAR Policy, the Respondent’s restrictive interpretation of
the Operative Clause might have been more tenable. However, the CAR Policy
excludes “liability consequent upon ... bodily injury or to [_sic_] illness of
employees or workmen of the Contractor(s) or the Principal(s) or any other
firm connected with the project ... or members of their families”.[note: 23]
The plain language of this exclusionary clause precludes the application of
the CAR Policy in _any_ situation in which an employee of any level of sub-
contractor is injured.

41 This is probably the reason why the Appellant abandoned its reliance on the
CAR Policy in the court below. Of course, as we have already noted, the
subjective intention of one party, without more, is irrelevant to contractual
interpretation. However, the fact that the CAR Policy unambiguously excludes
_all_ types of liability with respect to _all_ cases concerning injury to
employees does appear, in our view, to lend weight to the inference that
parties understood this category to be dealt with somewhere else, _ie_ , under
the WC Policy. Indeed, we found the Respondent’s pleadings in the proceedings
below to be rather strange in so far as they denied that the WC Policy applied
to this case, and then denied liability under the CAR Policy as well, solely
on the basis of the WC Policy.[note: 24]

42 Of course, there is the second possible conclusion that the parties did not
intend to cover _at all_ any tortious liability the Appellant might incur
towards the employees of its subcontractors in the course of the Project. Put
simply, the Appellant would be indemnified under the WC Policy for liability
to its own employees (and similarly, each subcontractor for liability to its
own respective employees), and under the CAR Policy for liability to “pure”
third parties, but that its recourse with regard to liability to employees of
its subcontractors would fall into a “legal black hole” situated somewhere
between these two policies. We find this to be extremely unlikely in light of
the commercial context we have already discussed above. Most significantly,
this would imply that the parties intended that _whether or not a given case
falls within this “legal black hole” depends completely on the choice and
actions of a third party who is unlikely to be even addressing its mind to any
issue of insurance between the Appellant and Respondent in the first place_.
With respect, we cannot imagine that the parties had intended this to be the
cornerstone of the legal obligations between them. We cannot envisage that the
main contractor arranged and _paid for_ insurance coverage for its
subcontractors but intended to leave its own liability uncovered upon a
contingency dictated solely by the prerogative of the injured plaintiff. We
find it equally implausible that the Respondent, being fully aware of this
commercial and practical context, understood them to be doing so. It is also
significant that the insurance broker concerned understood there to be no such
“legal black hole”, especially given the Respondent’s claims manager’s own
testimony that such insurance brokers are intermediaries between would-be
insurers and insured, and are insurance professionals with “a good
understanding of the scope of coverage of the policy as well as the policy
terms and conditions” (see above at [8]).

43 In summary, it is clear that the plain language of the Operative Clause,
read together with the “Name of the Insured” Clause achieved the very purpose
which the Judge envisaged the parties to the present proceedings to have
contemplated (as expressed in the Judgment at [81]). Why, then, did the Judge
feel compelled to arrive at a different interpretation of the Operative
Clause? In this regard, it is only appropriate that we examine the Judge’s
specific reasons for rejecting the construction we have taken of the Operative
Clause (see generally the Judgment at [40]–[54]).

44 The first specific reason is one which we can deal with simply, _viz_ ,
that the construction the Appellant had argued for “is an extremely strained
interpretation” because there is no express clause as such (see the Judgment
at [40]). With respect, the “Name of the Insured” Clause is not being relied
on in and by itself, but is, rather, being read _together with_ the Operative
Clause in _an integrated and holistic_ fashion which also takes into account
the _intention_ of the parties themselves. Viewed in this light, the plain
meaning of the Operative Clause is, in our view, clear and clearly supports
the Appellant’s construction of that clause.

45 The second specific reason given is that, in “the absence of plain wording
to such effect”, the Appellant’s construction of the Operative Clause ought
not to be given effect to as “[the] result is so manifestly contrary to
established principles of tort law that it is inconceivable that it can be
achieved via an inadequately-drafted definition clause” (see the Judgment at
[41]). With respect, however, the issue is not one relating to tort law as
such but, rather, the _contractual agreement_ between the parties in an
insurance contract.

46 The third specific reason appears, at first blush, to be the most
persuasive one, and is the one that the Judge relied on at some length (see
the Judgment at [42]–[54]). This reason is that “the interpretation argued by
the defendant [_viz_ , the Appellant] requires the defendant and Ultracon to
be treated as one joint entity, _viz_ , the “contractor” and that “[t]this
implies that the WC Policy is, on the defendant’s interpretation, a joint
policy rather than a composite policy” (see the Judgment at [42]). The Judge,
however, was of the view that the WC Policy is a _composite_ policy.
Specifically, the Judge rejected the Appellant’s argument that the dichotomy
between joint and composite policies only applies in the context of property
insurance (see the Judgment at [52]–[53]).

47 We agree that the Appellant’s confinement of the dichotomy to property
insurance is without merit. With respect, however, it appears that the
dichotomy itself was fundamentally misunderstood in the proceedings below –
this being one instance of the legal “detour” that we alluded to earlier at
[29]. The dichotomy between joint and composite policies does _not_ go towards
_defining_ each party’s insured interests. Rather, _it goes towards
establishing when an insurer can avoid its obligations against an innocent co-
insured because of misconduct on the part of another co-insured_ , such as
fraud or breach of a condition to notify the insurer of certain developments
(see, for example, The Honourable Desmond Derrington QC & Ronald Shaw Ashton,
_The Law of Liability Insurance_ (2nd Ed, LexisNexis, 2005) at para 2-404).
For example, in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal decision of _General
Accident Fire and Life Assurance Corporation, Limited, and another v Midland
Bank, Limited, and Others_ [1940] 2 KB 388, the fact that the policy was a
composite one went towards the conclusion that that fraud on the part of one
co-insured did not affect the insurer’s obligations to all the other co-
insured. The Judge rightly established (see the Judgment at [43]–[44]) that
the test for distinguishing between the two is the nature of the co-insured’s
interests (_ie_ , whether they are joint or separate). However, the Judge and
the parties do not appear, with respect, to have appreciated that such a test
inherently requires one to _first_ determine what the insured interest of each
party is. _Only then_ can one decide whether these interests are joint or
separate. The Judge’s approach (and the approach the parties have taken) has
therefore, again with respect, _inverted the logic_ of the entire process of
analysis. The Judge looked to the dichotomy between joint and composite
policies to determine what the Appellant’s insured interest is (_ie_ , whether
it extends to liability to sub-contractor’s employees). _However_ , this was
the very issue to be decided in the court below (and on appeal), and one which
the dichotomy just mentioned does not aid in resolving. The Hong Kong Court of
First Instance decision of _The New India Assurance Company Limited v Dewi
Estates Limited & Others_ [2009] HKCU 1403 provides a useful illustration of
the approach that ought to be taken. In that case, in a factual matrix very
similar to that in the present appeal, the court _first_ determined the extent
of each co-insured’s interests insured under the policy _before_ analysing
what this meant for the policy in terms of whether it was joint or composite.
The dichotomy between a joint policy and a composite policy is, by definition,
a _subsequent_ step in the reasoning or analysis, and, even then, a subsequent
step that is only relevant if the insurer is seeking to avoid its obligations
on the basis that one co-insured has breached the terms of the policy
concerned. That is not the case here. Therefore, we find that the dichotomy
between a joint policy and a composite policy is a “legal red herring” in the
context of what needs to be decided in the context of the present appeal.

48 In the circumstances, therefore, we find that an analysis of the Operative
Clause demonstrates that the WC Policy applies where a co-insured incurs
liability towards anyone in the pool of individuals employed by the various
co-insured for the purposes of the Project, and not only when a co-insured
incurs liability towards its own employees. If the analysis in this part of
the judgment had been adopted in the court below, that would have sufficed to
dispose the proceedings, albeit in the opposite direction. However, a number
of other (more specific) arguments were canvassed. As we have noted above,
this was unfortunate as they served to obscure – rather than illuminate – the
path to what ought to have been, in our view, the correct legal result.
Nevertheless, as these arguments were canvassed in some detail both here and
in the court below, we now turn to consider them _seriatim_.

Other specific arguments

The “Risk 001” Clause

49 As already noted above (at [19]), the Appellant argues that the “Risk 001”
Clause (reproduced above at [18]) indicates that “insured employees” clearly
includes employees of “all tiers subcontractors”. The Respondent, however,
argues that this clause does not change the scope of the Operative Clause but
was, instead, meant to expand the coverage from _workmen_ (_viz_ , only manual
labourers or non-manual labourers with a monthly income not exceeding $1600)
to all _employees_.

50 In the court below, the Judge rejected the Appellant’s argument. In his
view, the Appellant’s argument was “at odds” with its own evidence given by Mr
Lye, who was formerly the Senior Manager of HSBC Insurance Brokers (Singapore)
Pte Ltd, and was (it will be recalled) the insurance broker who arranged the
WC Policy on behalf of the Appellant (see above at [8] and the Judgment at
[59]). He agreed, instead, with the Respondent’s argument and concluded as
follows (see the Judgment at [59]):

[T]he “Risk No 001” Clause was inserted to expand the definition of a
“workman”; it did not otherwise change the scope of the Operative Clause – in
particular, by modifying the concept of “employment”.

51 On appeal, the Appellant argued that Mr Lye had merely been giving his
personal opinion and that his evidence had been wrongly admitted in
contravention of s 95 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). This argument
is, with respect, not very persuasive. In any event, even if the Appellant’s
argument with respect to the “Risk 001” Clause is rejected, this is merely a
neutral factor in so far as its overall case is concerned. The rejection of
this argument, on the other hand, certainly does not advance the Respondent’s
case, especially since it does not detract from the construction we arrived at
in the preceding part of this judgment.

Deletions from the “Exceptions” Clause

52 To recapitulate, the Appellant had argued that Exceptions (b) and (c) (see
above at [21]) had been deleted in order to extend the scope of the Operative
Clause to include coverage for the Appellant’s liability for claims made by
employees who were not its own but who were, rather, employees of other sub-
contractors (such as the situation here where the Plaintiff was the employee
of Utracon, who was the sub-contractor).

53 The Appellant’s (related) argument that legal effect ought to be given to
such deletions is a sound one. The main argument itself – as briefly
summarised in the preceding paragraph – does appear (in contrast to the
argument centring on the “Risk 001” Clause) to be supported by the oral
testimony of Mr Lye. Further, and looking at the individual clauses
themselves, the deletion of what were in substance constraints on the
responsibility assumed by the Appellant does appear to suggest that the
Operative Clause ought to be read more broadly so as to include coverage for
the Appellant’s liability for claims made by employees of other sub-
contractors (which would include the claim by the Plaintiff against the
Appellant in the context of the present proceedings). Put simply, we are of
the view that this particular argument tends to _support_ the Appellant’s
construction of the Operative Clause (read especially with the “Name of the
Insured” Clause) and, at the very least, does not assist the Respondent’s
(contrary) construction of the same.

Endorsements attached to the Schedule

54 Again, the parties’ arguments are set out above at [24]–[25]. This is the
only specific argument that militates strongly against the interpretation of
the Operative Clause we have adopted above, and relates to the Endorsements
attached to the Schedule. According to the Respondent, Endorsement B
specifically extends the WC Policy to cover the liability of the Insured to
workmen employed by its sub-contractors, except that this is limited to
“claims under any Workmen’s Compensation Act” and _not_ to common law claims.
Such an extension, so the Respondent’s argument goes, would be redundant if
the Appellant was correct in arguing that the Operative Clause already covered
this and common law claims as well. Therefore, if the Respondent is correct in
arguing that Endorsement B does apply to the entire class of Insured in the WC
Policy, this necessarily militates against the interpretation of the Operative
Clause which we have adopted above. The Appellant, however, argues that
Endorsements A and B must be read together, and that they apply only to the
LTA.

55 Endorsement A clearly applies only to the LTA because it refers to “the
principal”, a point not challenged by the Respondent. What is less clear – and
this is a question the Judge, with respect, failed to address – is whether
Endorsement B is a stand-alone clause or is co-dependent with Endorsement A.
Endorsement A contains the statement “as referred to in Endorsement B hereon”,
suggesting that the two are co-dependent. However, where Endorsement B refers
to “the indemnity herein granted”, it is not clear whether “herein granted”
refers to the WC Policy as a whole or to the indemnity specifically granted in
Endorsement A. Despite, however, the ambiguity in the language of the
Endorsements themselves, we find that the overwhelming evidence demonstrates
that the two Endorsements must be read together and as only applying to the
LTA. The first reference to Endorsements A and B in the WC Policy, in the
attached memoranda, provides in parenthesis that the Endorsements are
“applicable to the Land Transport Authority”.[note: 25] In the proceedings
below, the Appellant’s insurance broker gave evidence that Endorsements A and
B are required by the LTA in all Workmen’s Compensation Policies relating to
works linking a driveway to a public road,[note: 26] and that insurance
policies covering works not involving the LTA typically do not include
Endorsements A and B.[note: 27] Crucially, when the Judge queried the
Respondent’s counsel, Mr Richard Kuek, whether Endorsements A and B are
specific clauses stipulated by the LTA and “more or less drafted” by the LTA,
Mr Kuek had answered that they were indeed so, according to his own
understanding.[note: 28] It was also notable that Mr Lye’s evidence was that
Endorsements A and B may not be necessary if LTA was not involved.[note: 29]
The Respondent’s contention, however, was that, albeit having been inserted on
the requirement of the LTA, the Endorsements must be read objectively to refer
to all the Insured and not just the LTA. However, the Respondent had no answer
to the Judge’s question as to why (as stated above) the attached memoranda
indicated the Endorsements A and B as “applicable to the LTA”; if the Insurer
was right that, notwithstanding that the Endorsements were inserted as a
requirement by the LTA, they applied to other parties once they were indeed
inserted, then merely inserting the Endorsements would have been sufficient,
without stipulating that they were “applicable to the LTA”. In our view,
therefore, Endorsements A and B are confined to the LTA and do not affect the
interpretation of the Operative Clause which we have adopted above.

A summary and conclusion

56 It is clear that none of the specific arguments considered above negatives
or detracts from the construction we have arrived at in the first part of this
judgment and which results from a plain reading of the Operative Clause (read
together with, especially, the “Name of the Insured” Clause). Indeed, as we
have seen, some of these arguments actually _support_ the construction we have
arrived at. Finally, we would also like to note that the Appellant also sought
to rely on s 17 of the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (now
s 17 (as amended) of the Work Injury Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed)).
However, in view of our findings above, this issue is moot and we therefore
say no more about it.

Conclusion

57 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is allowed. We will hear the
parties further on costs and consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Swee Sow Chin at para 19
in Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”), p 79.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , p 20.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , p 79.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , p 33.

[note: 5]AEIC of Swee Sow Chin at para 47 in the Record of Appeal (“ROA”) vol
III Part C (“ROA(3C)”), p 680.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Lye Meng Swee at paras 17–20, _ibid_ , pp 572-573.

[note: 8]ACB, p 7.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ , p 21.

[note: 10]_Ibid_ , p 3.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , p 3.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 10.

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p 6.

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ , p 7.

[note: 16]_Ibid_ , p 3.

[note: 17]Respondent’s Case, para 91.

[note: 18]Appellant’s Case, para 106.

[note: 19]ACB, p 20.

[note: 20]_Ibid_ , p 33.

[note: 21]_Ibid_ , p 79.

[note: 22]Section II, CAR Policy, _ibid_ , p 97, (Tab 20).

[note: 23]_Ibid_.

[note: 24]Third Party’s Defence to Defendant’s Statement of Claim at para 17
in the ROA vol II, (Tab 17). See also the AEIC of Swee Sow Chin at para 39 in
the ROA(3C), (Tab 25).

[note: 25]ACB, p 5.

[note: 26]AEIC of Lye Meng Swee in ACB, p 104.

[note: 27]Cross-examination of Lye Meng Swee, ROA vol III Part D, p 939 at
lines 7–9.

[note: 28]_Ibid_ , p 923 at lines 24–32.

[note: 29]_Ibid_ , p 923 at line 13.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

