Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tay Sheo Tang Elvilin  
[2011] SGHC 141

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 289 of 2010/02  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Kiat Pheng and Christine Liu (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the appellant; The respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Tay Sheo Tang Elvilin  
  
31 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by the Prosecution against sentence. The respondent, a
35-year-old police officer holding the rank of Sergeant, claimed trial to five
charges under s 6(_b_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev
Ed) (“the Act”). Four of these charges were for corruptly giving gratification
to four of his fellow police officers as inducement for forbearing to report
him to his supervisor for misappropriating a wallet containing a stack of $50
notes and a carton of cigarettes which were found during an unscheduled raid.
The remaining charge was for corruptly offering gratification to another
fellow police officer for the same purpose.

2 The punishment prescribed for an offence of corruptly offering or giving
gratification under s 6(_b_) of the Act is imprisonment of a term of up to
five years, or a fine up to $100,000, or both. The appellant has no criminal
antecedents.

3 A District Judge (“DJ”) found that the Prosecution had proved its case
against the respondent beyond reasonable doubt on the five charges.
Accordingly, she convicted and sentenced the respondent to three months’
imprisonment for each of the five charges, with the sentences for two charges
ordered to run consecutively, making a total sentence of six months’
imprisonment.

4 I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and enhanced the sentence for each of the
five charges before me to six months _per charge_ , with the imprisonment
sentences for three of the charges to run consecutively to give an aggregate
sentence of 18 months’ imprisonment. These are my detailed grounds of decision
that explain why I allowed the Prosecution’s appeal.

Factual background

5 The detailed facts of this case have already been comprehensively set out by
the DJ in her grounds of decision at _Public Prosecutor v Tay Sheo Tang
Elvilin (Zheng Shaodong, Elvilin)_ [2011] SGDC 27. I will therefore set out
only the salient facts which are necessary for an understanding of the context
of the present appeal.

6 The respondent initiated an unscheduled raid on 24 January 2009 to arrest
illegal immigrants in the forested area near the Seletar Range (“the forested
area”). During this raid, which involved three other officers, a number of
makeshift huts were found. Upon searching the huts, the respondent found a
carton of contraband cigarettes and a wallet containing a stack of $50 notes.
He removed the money, and threw the wallet into the bushes. Upon leaving the
scene, he also took the carton of cigarettes with him. Only one police
officer, Woman Sergeant Norhasidah binte Mohamed Said (“WSgt Norhasidah”),
knew that the respondent had found and misappropriated the two items. The
respondent instructed WSgt Norhasidah to lodge the arrest report for an
illegal immigrant arrested in this raid “as per normal”[note: 1] – her
eventual report stated that the arrest had taken place along Upper Thompson
Road, and not in the forested area. It also did not mention the items which
were misappropriated by the respondent.

7 That afternoon, the respondent took out some packets of cigarettes at the
Neighbourhood Police Post (“NPP”) rest area in the presence of three other
officers. He told them that he had found these contraband cigarettes in the
forested area and intended to give them to another officer as a present. The
respondent then offered Staff Sergeant Zulkifli bin Mohamad (“SSgt Zulkifli”),
who was his group leader and an officer of superior rank, $50 in exchange for
his silence about the respondent’s actions, but the respondent was rebuffed.
The respondent then gave $50 to the two other officers present and told them
not to disclose to anyone what had transpired in the forested area.

8 When the respondent met WSgt Norhasidah later, he also gave her $50 and told
her not to reveal what had happened in the forested area. He also gave her
another $50 to hand to another officer involved in the raid, stating that this
was to keep him quiet. WSgt Norhasidah later handed the money to that officer.
These four gifts and one offer of $50 were the subject of the five charges of
corruption which the respondent was convicted on.

The DJ’s decision

9 The DJ rightly acknowledged that the aggravating factors in this case were
serious and that there were substantial and compelling circumstances that
justified the imposition of a deterrent sentence here, especially since the
respondent’s behaviour resulted in the corruption of four fellow officers and
compromised their police duties.

10 Nevertheless, she felt that the facts of this case were distinguishable
from the precedent cases where sentences of nine months and above had been
imposed. She observed that the sentences of nine months’ imprisonment and
upwards were often imposed in cases which involved more serious corrupt
conduct on the part of the police officers as compared to the corrupt conduct
in this case.

11 Here, the respondent’s corrupt conduct did not involve solicitation of
gratification from members of public, and therefore did not publicly undermine
the integrity of the police force. The respondent also did not compromise any
police investigations or operations. Further, while the respondent was mainly
motivated by greed when he corrupted the four junior officers, his conduct was
not as serious as the conduct of those officers who blatantly and deliberately
assisted illegal moneylenders, importers of uncustomed goods or owners of
massage establishments in escaping criminal liability.

12 Hence, the DJ sentenced the respondent to three months’ imprisonment on
each of the five charges, with two charges ordered to run consecutively,
making a total sentence of six months’ imprisonment.

The Prosecution’s case

13 The Prosecution forcefully contended that the DJ had erred in her approach.
In particular, the Prosecution submitted that the DJ had failed to accord due
weight to the aggravating factors surrounding the commission of the offences
(despite correctly identifying them), and this resulted in her finding that
the present case was not as serious as the precedent cases and in her failure
to appreciate the serious adverse impact of the appellant’s corrupt acts.

14 My attention was also drawn to the cases of _Lim Poh Tee v Public
Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 241 (“ _Lim Poh Tee_ ”), where the fact that a
police officer drew two junior officers into a web of corruption was regarded
by the Court as being highly aggravating, and _Pandiyan Thanaraju Rogers v
Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 217 (“ _Pandiyan Thanaraju Rogers_ ”),
where a police officer accepted $2,000 as a bribe from a moneylender in
exchange for future help in police matters. In _Pandiyan Thanaraju Rogers_ ,
Yong Pung How CJ observed at [49] that in recent cases, the sentences meted
out to police officers convicted of corruption have ranged from nine months
and upwards, before dismissing the police officer’s appeal against sentence
and enhancing the sentence to nine months’ imprisonment.

15 While acknowledging that the benchmark for members of the public offering
bribes to police officers is between six weeks’ to three months’ imprisonment,
the Prosecution submitted that the present case should be distinguished as the
respondent himself was the offender in question, and was a police officer of
some seniority, holding the rank of Sergeant. The Prosecution submitted that
the sentence should be enhanced to nine months’ imprisonment per charge, and
that three sentences should run consecutively as general deterrence is the
most important consideration for such offences.

16 In response, the respondent, who was unrepresented, pleaded that he had
been adequately punished and the amounts involved were small.

The Court’s decision on sentence

17 I agreed with the Prosecution that the DJ had failed to accord due weight
to the aggravating factors surrounding the commission of the offences, which
were:

(a) the offences involved a serious abuse of position and betrayal of public
trust by a police officer who had committed criminal misappropriation of
property during a police raid when he was expected to uphold the law with
integrity;

(b) the respondent perverted the course of justice when he went a step further
to instigate his fellow police officers to act contrary to their enforcement
duties by offering them bribes so that they would conceal the crime he had
committed. I also note that the respondent had sufficient time, from the time
he found the items in the forested area in the morning of 24 January 2009
until he showed the cigarettes to his fellow police officers at the NPP rest
area in the afternoon of the same day, to report the items he found in
accordance with proper police procedure, but he made a conscious decision not
to do so;

(c) the respondent initiated and organised the unscheduled raid, and decided
to misappropriate the items found in the raid instead of reporting the
exhibits in accordance with police procedure;

(d) the respondent preyed on the vulnerability of the illegal immigrants as he
would be aware, as a police officer, that it would be very difficult for them
to prove that the items had been wrongfully removed from their makeshift huts.
Moreover, given their status as illegal immigrants, they were also unlikely to
report the loss of the items to the authorities and thereby expose his
misconduct; and

(e) the respondent was brazen in distributing his ill-gotten proceeds and
enticing his fellow police officers with bribes in the very place where the
sanctity of the law is supposed to be upheld – a police station.

18 More importantly, the DJ erred in finding that the present case was
distinguishable from the precedent cases where sentences of nine months and
above had been imposed because the offence in question here was of a less
serious nature.

19 In _Public Prosecutor v Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 753 (“
_Loqmanul Hakim bin Buang_ ”), I observed at [43] and [76] that:

43 … Public confidence in the enforcement agencies can be corroded by the
irresponsible criminal acts of avaricious, reckless and foolish like
offenders. **_The abuse of the trust and confidence placed in CISCO and/or
police officers, if left unchecked, could result in enforcement agencies, in
general, having diminished legitimacy and public acceptance_**.

…

76 As the guardians and enforcers of the law, law enforcement and/or security
officers are not only expected to enforce and maintain the law _vis-à-vis_
others, but are expected to conduct themselves in a befitting manner that
would uphold their legitimacy to enforce such laws. It should be intuitively
commonsensical that the members of the police force and auxiliary police force
must be seen to _obey_ the law themselves if they are to possess any
legitimacy in _upholding_ it.

[emphasis in original, emphasis added in bold italics]

20 Although the respondent’s corrupt conduct did not involve solicitation of
gratification from members of public, this did not mean the integrity of the
police force was not being seriously undermined. Corruption within the police
force is no less serious than corruption involving the solicitation of
gratification by a police officer from members of the public, and both have
the effect of publicly undermining the integrity of the police force. Indeed,
if anything, it is even more disturbing. If police officers such as the
respondent who engage in corrupt activities within the police force itself to
cover up their wrongdoings are left unchecked, the abuse of trust and
confidence placed in the police force could, as pointed out in _Loqmanul Hakim
bin Buang_ , result in enforcement agencies, in general, having diminished
legitimacy and public acceptance.

21 The DJ erred in concluding that because the respondent did not compromise
any police investigations or operations or interfere with the proper
administration of justice, his conduct was less odious. Here, the respondent
had blatantly instigated his fellow police officers to commit several breaches
of police procedure and to compromise their duties in the course of police
operations. For example, not only did the respondent instruct WSgt Norhasidah
to lodge an inaccurate record of the raid, he also made repeated attempts to
offer a bribe to his group leader and superior officer, SSgt Zulkifli, so that
the latter would “keep quiet” about the respondent’s illegal actions. It was
unfortunate that the respondent eventually succeeded in bribing some of his
fellow police officers so that they would remain silent about his
reprehensible actions. _Such corrupt conduct by a police officer must be
unequivocally denounced as it will have an adverse effect on the discipline of
the police force and the proper administration of justice_.

22 I also disagreed with the DJ’s finding that the respondent’s conduct was
not as serious as the conduct of those officers in the precedent cases who
flagrantly assisted illegal moneylenders, importers of uncustomed goods or
owners of massage establishments to escape criminal liability. The very
purpose of the respondent’s actions in bribing his fellow police officers was
to facilitate and conceal his own criminal act of misappropriating the items
found in the raid. _More importantly, the serious adverse impact of the
respondent’s conduct in drawing his fellow police officers into this “web of
corruption” cannot be underestimated_. With the exception of SSgt Zulkifli,
all the other police officers were junior in rank to the respondent; indeed,
one of the police officers was a young policeman serving his national service
at the material time. Instead of setting a good example to these junior
officers, the respondent cloaked his corrupt behaviour with a veil of normalcy
and acceptability by intimating that wrongdoing in the police force could be
tolerated. The respondent informed them that such conduct could be concealed
because “if everyone keeps quiet then nothing will happen”.[note: 2] I agreed
with the Prosecution that the deplorable attitude and conduct displayed by the
respondent must be unequivocally denounced and nipped in the bud. Condign
punishment was required.

23 _Lim Poh Tee_ made it clear that stiff sentences will be imposed when
police officers draw fellow officers into a web of corruption within the
police force. In that case, the Court observed, _inter alia_ , that it was
“highly reprehensible” and an aggravating factor that the police officer
intentionally drew two junior officers into the web of corruption and
accordingly rendered more police officers beholden to the corrupt
gratification given by one Chua Tiong Tiong, a notorious illegal moneylender
(at [31]).

24 Here, as in _Lim Poh Tee_ , not only did the respondent misappropriate the
money and cigarettes while on duty as a police officer, he took the further
step of corrupting the junior officers in his team who would have regarded him
as a role model and for guidance. It was precisely because the junior officers
looked up to him that all of them complied with his instructions to keep quiet
about what had happened at the forested area in breach of their solemn duties
as police officers. If not for an unnamed informant who stepped up to do the
right thing, _ie_ , report the respondent’s actions to the Corrupt Practices
Investigations Bureau, the respondent’s corrupt actions may not have seen the
light of the day. A sentencing court should bear in mind that offences of this
nature that are often hard to detect and that is a factor which must factor in
the sentencing equation (_see Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2
SLR(R) 814 at [27]).

25 I note with interest that the approach adopted here is not dissimilar to
that taken in other jurisdictions. They usually come down hard on corruption
in law enforcement agencies such as the police force.

26 In _R. v Mark Edward Bohannan_ [2010] EWCA Crim 2261, where a police
officer provided assistance to a drug-dealer in his drug-dealing activities in
return for a free supply of cocaine for the consumption of the officer’s wife
and also cash payments, the English Court of Appeal (Criminal Division)
declared at [64] that:

First, punishment and deterrence are always important elements … _not only
must police officers be deterred from misconduct, but also the public must see
that condign punishment will be visited on police officers who betray the
trust reposed in them and do not live up to the high standards of the police
service_. Secondly, _an incentive (usually money but it need not be)
inevitably increases the seriousness of the offence_. Third, misconduct, which
encourages or permits criminals to behave in the belief that they will be kept
informed of areas to avoid in connection with their criminal activities, or of
those who might be informing on the police also increases its gravity …
Fourth, any misconduct that impacts on police operations moves the offence
into a different category of gravity. [emphasis added]

27 In _Director of Public Prosecutions v Mark Armstrong_ [2007] VSCA 34, a
police officer engaged in corrupt behaviour in dealing with criminals by
extorting money from them in return for the police officer’s silence about
their criminal activities. In enhancing the sentence meted out to the police
officer, the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Victoria held at
[34]–[35] that;

34 Corruption in those responsible for enforcing the law has significant
social consequences. As was discussed by the learned sentencing judge, _it may
undermine public confidence in the police force, erode the morale of honest
police officers and encourage other police to turn a blind eye to similar
behaviour. The community is entitled to rely on the integrity of members of
the police force in investigating and prosecuting offenders_. Mr Armstrong's
moral culpability is not reduced because, as counsel for the respondent put
it, Mr On and Mr Coombes were not “lily whites” themselves.

35 The temptation to extort money or abuse power is likely to be considerable
when police are dealing with offenders who are reluctant to complain about
corruption, because this will reveal that they themselves had committed
offences. For this reason corrupt practices in dealing with criminals may be
even more insidious than the corruption which affects honest members of the
community, who are more likely to report police attempts to extort money from
them. _Sentences imposed for such offences must reflect public denunciation of
the behaviour of the offender and deter other police from committing similar
offences. General deterrence must therefore be given significant weight in
sentencing a member of the police force for offences involving corruption or
extortion_.

[emphasis added]

28 A similarly stiff approach was also adopted by the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal in _HKSAR v Lau Kwowk & others_ [2003] HKEC 674. In that case, two
police officers participated in an elaborate and well-planned scheme to help
several suspects in a wounding case avoid conviction in return for cash
payments for their “efforts”. In dismissing the police officers’ appeal
against their sentences of four years’ imprisonment respectively, the Court
held at [35]–[36] that:

35\. A1 and A2 were both police officers. A2 was the investigating officer in
the wounding case. Instead of carrying out their duties properly, they chose
to assist suspects to escape justice for monetary rewards. What they did had
the result of allowing criminals in a wounding case to go unpunished. _What A1
and A2 did is despicable. It is an affront to the rule of law and the
administration of justice. It must be deterred_.

36\. With respect, the judge was fully justified in imposing heavier sentence
on A1 and A2.

[emphasis added]

The Court concluded with the important observation at [50] that:

50\. Integrity of law enforcement officers is the linchpin of the proper
administration of justice and the corner stone of a just and fair society.
_Law enforcement officers who abuse their positions and conspire to defeat the
end of justice must be punished severely or else the confidence of the public
cannot be maintained_. [emphasis added]

29 In light of the above considerations, it was clear that the actions of the
respondent were at the very least as serious as the precedent cases involving
the corruption of police officers even though the amounts involved were small.
_I was satisfied that a stiff custodial sentence was necessary in the present
case so as to send a clear message to other serving officers that such
transgressions will not be condoned and that there is no place for any form of
corruption in our enforcement agencies_.

30 In _ADF v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 874, I stated
at [146] that:

A decision to impose more than two consecutive sentences ought not to be
lightly made and, indeed, should usually only be imposed in compelling
circumstances. … On the other hand, the totality principle cannot be
unthinkingly invoked to minimise punishment for those who maliciously pursue a
deliberate course of criminal behaviour. … [A]n order for _more than_ two
sentences to run consecutively ought to be given serious consideration in
dealing with distinct offences **_when one or more of the following
circumstances are present_** , viz:

(a) dealing with persistent or habitual offenders … ;

(b) **_there is a pressing public interest concern in discouraging the type of
criminal conduct being punished_** … ;

(c) there are multiple victims; and

(d) other peculiar cumulative aggravating features are present ...

**_In particular, where the overall criminality of the offender's conduct
cannot be encompassed in two consecutive sentences, further consecutive
sentences ought to be considered_**. I reiterate that the above circumstances
are non-exhaustive and should not be taken as rigid guidelines to constrain or
shackle a sentencing court's powers.

[emphasis in original, emphasis in bold italics added]

In the present case, there is a clear pressing public interest concern in
discouraging the type of criminal conduct being punished, _ie_ , corruption
within law enforcement agencies. In the circumstances, I find that this is an
appropriate case whereby more than two sentences imposed on the respondent
ought to run consecutively.

Conclusion

31 In the result, I allowed the appeal and set aside the DJ’s sentence,
substituting it with a sentence of six months’ imprisonment for each of the
five charges. The sentences for District Arrest Case Nos 61472, 61473 and
61474 of 2009 were to run consecutively, making a total sentence of 18 months’
imprisonment. These sentences reflect society’s particular condemnation for
such offences, which if unchecked, could corrode the integrity and high
standing of the police force.

* * *

[note: 1]See Record of Proceedings, pp 326, 350 and 420.

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings, p 379.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

