Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd _v_ Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in
the Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore)  
[2011] SGCA 21

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 122 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chen Leng Sun, Goh Kok Leong and Ng Weiting (Ang and
Partners) (Instructed by Leonard Chia (Asia Ascent Law Corporation)) for the
appellant; David Chan, Koh Junxiang and Carol Teh (Shook Lin and Bok LLP) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd — Petroprod Ltd (in official
liquidation in the Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 501.]

11 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the Court):

Introduction

1 Arbitration and insolvency processes embody, to an extent, contrasting legal
policies. On the one hand, arbitration embodies the principles of party
autonomy and the decentralisation of private dispute resolution. On the other
hand, the insolvency process is a collective statutory proceeding that
involves the public centralisation of disputes so as to achieve economic
efficiency and optimal returns for creditors. The appeal before us raised an
interesting and novel point of law relating to the interfacing of these two
policies where private proceedings could have wider public consequences. To
what extent ought claims involving an insolvent company be permitted to be
resolved through the arbitral process? We now give the reasons why we
dismissed this appeal with costs.

Background facts

2 The facts of this case are relatively straightforward and have been
succinctly summarised by the judge at first instance (“the Judge”) in his
grounds of decision (“GD”) in _Petroprod Ltd (in official liquidation in the
Cayman Islands and in compulsory liquidation in Singapore) v Larsen Oil and
Gas Pte Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 501. We will therefore set out here, only a broad
overview of the factual background that would be helpful in explaining our
decision.

3 The respondent, Petroprod Ltd (“Petroprod”), a Cayman Islands company, and
its four wholly-owned subsidiaries (“the four subsidiaries”), which had no
employees, entered into a Management Agreement (“the MA”) with the appellant,
Larsen Oil and Gas Pte Ltd (“Larsen”) on 21 December 2006. Pursuant to the MA,
Larsen was to provide management services to Petroprod and the four
subsidiaries. Petroprod pleaded that as a result of the MA and subsequent
amendments, Larsen gained control over its finances as well as those of the
four subsidiaries. Petroprod also claimed to be a creditor of the four
subsidiaries.

4 On 17 July 2009, Petroprod was placed in official liquidation in the Cayman
Islands by an Order of the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. It was
subsequently placed in compulsory liquidation in Singapore by an order of the
High Court on 3 August 2009. On 3 September 2009, the Singapore liquidators of
Petroprod commenced proceedings against Larsen:

(a) to avoid a number of payments that Petroprod made to Larsen on the ground
that these payments amounted to unfair preferences or transactions at an
undervalue within the meaning of ss 98 and 99 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2009 Rev Ed) (“BA”), read with s 329(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“Companies Act”); and

(b) to avoid a number of payments made by the four subsidiaries to Larsen
pursuant to s 73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994
Rev Ed) (“CLPA”) on the ground that they were made with the intent to defraud
it as a creditor of the subsidiaries.

5 On 2 December 2009, Larsen filed a summons applying for a stay of all
further proceedings brought by Petroprod pursuant to s 6(2) of the Arbitration
Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“AA”). The basis of its application was that an
arbitration clause (cl 18) in the MA (“the Arbitration Clause”) required the
parties to resolve their disputes through arbitration. The Arbitration Clause
reads as follows:

This Agreement shall be construed and enforced in accordance with and governed
by the laws of Singapore. Disputes which cannot be resolved amicably shall be
resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the provisions of the
Singapore Arbitration Act, Chapter 10.

Larsen’s application for a stay of further proceedings was heard by the Judge
on 26 March 2010, and judgment was given together with the GD on 30 June 2010.
The Judge dismissed Larsen’s stay application on the basis that the issues
were (a) non-arbitrable; and, further, that (b) Petropod’s claim pertaining to
s 73B CLPA should be resolved in the same forum (see GD at [22] and [24]).

Issues arising in this appeal

6 The issues that arose in the appeal were as follows:

(a) whether Petroprod’s claims against Larsen fell within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause;

(b) whether the Court’s discretion to grant a stay of proceedings pursuant to
s 6(2) of the AA was dependent on the arbitrability of the dispute in
question;

(c) if the Court’s discretion was dependent on the arbitrability of the
dispute, whether Petroprod’s claims against Larsen were arbitrable.

Our decision

The scope of the Arbitration Clause

The proper characterisation of Petroprod’s claims against Larsen

7 Larsen contended that Petroprod’s claims against it were founded on Larsen’s
alleged breach of the MA, and that such a claim fell within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause. It claimed that Petroprod could only show that the
payments made to Larsen by Petroprod and the four subsidiaries were
preferential payments by relying on the terms of the MA, and proving that the
payments were made with the intent to prefer Larsen over the other creditors
rather than in accordance with the MA. As a corollary, Larsen also argued that
Petroprod could only show that the payments made to Larsen by Petroprod and
the four subsidiaries were undervalue transactions/fraudulent conveyances if
the amounts paid were more than what Petroprod (and the four subsidiaries)
were obliged to pay under the MA. Therefore, all of Petroprod’s claims were
intimately connected to the MA and any disputes relating to the payments under
the MA fell within the scope of the Arbitration Clause.

8 The Judge rejected Larsen’s arguments. He held at [16] of the GD that:

[T]he rights created by the avoidance provisions exist for the benefit of the
general body of creditors in an insolvency or insolvency-related context. This
is why avoidance rights may be exercised even if the relevant transaction is
binding under general law on the company. It is also pertinent to note that
undervalue transactions and undue preferences can be avoided only when the
company is being wound up. In my view, the policy underlying the avoidance
provisions in question would be compromised if their enforcement is subject to
private arrangements, including an agreement to arbitrate, between the company
and the wrongfully advantaged creditor or transferee. In this regard, a
company’s rights under the avoidance provisions should be contrasted with its
rights under the general law.

9 We agreed with the Judge’s characterisation of Petroprod’s claims against
Larsen. Petroprod’s Statement of Claim against Larsen revealed that Petroprod
did not allege that Larsen had breached the MA by causing Petroprod to make
the payments to Larsen. Rather, all that Petroprod claimed was that it had
made certain payments to Larsen within two years of its insolvency, and that
the law presumed that the payments were made with an intention to prefer
Larsen as a creditor because of Larsen’s control over the management of
Petroprod. Similarly, Petroprod’s claims against Larsen based on an
undervalued transaction and a fraudulent conveyance were entirely independent
of the question of whether Larsen had breached the MA.

10 In our opinion, Petroprod’s claims against Larsen were founded entirely on
the avoidance provisions of the BA and Companies Act. _The focus of these
avoidance provisions is to address situations where value has been subtracted
from the insolvent company to the detriment of the general creditors,
independent of the nature of the relationship between the parties_. These
provisions allow for the adjustment of concluded transactions upon the onset
of insolvency. The only relevance of the MA to Petroprod’s claims against
Larsen was that it provided some evidence that the payments made from
Petroprod to Larsen could have been for some legitimate commercial reason
other than to prefer Larsen as a creditor. The question of whether Larsen had
committed a breach of the MA by causing Petroprod to make those payments was
irrelevant. Accordingly, we rejected Larsen’s claim that Petroprod’s claims
were pure contractual claims merely because of the MA. Rather, we found that
Petroprod’s claims against Larsen were avoidance claims that sprung from the
special regime created by the BA and Companies Act.

The proper approach towards the construction of arbitration clauses

11 Of course, the mere fact that Petroprod’s claims against Larsen were
avoidance claims did not preclude them from falling within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause. The scope of any arbitration clause is based on the
parties’ expressed intention, and it is conceivable that the parties to a
contract may agree that all disputes between them, including disputes arising
out of avoidance actions in the event of insolvency, should fall within the
scope of the arbitration clause. This would be a matter of documentary
construction.

12 The traditional approach of the English courts was to determine the scope
of an arbitration clause by looking at the precise words used in it. Hence,
the use of expansive words such as “any dispute” between the parties were
often regarded as wide enough to include any matter related to the contract,
even if the action brought was based in tort (see generally _Astro Vencedor
Compania Naviera SA of Panama v. Mabanaft GmbH, The Damianos_ [1971] 2 QB
588). On the other hand, words such as “arising under the contract” were held
to be of narrower scope, and there was a divergence of views between courts as
to whether such a clause could include a tort claim that was related to the
contract (see _Heyman and another v Darwins, Limited_ [1942] AC 356; _Union of
India v EB Aaby’s Rederi A/s, The Evje_ [1974] 2 All ER 874).

13 The case of _Premium Nafta Products Ltd & Ors v Fili Shipping Co Ltd & Ors_
[2007] 2 CLC 553 (“ _Premium Nafta_ ”) heralded a change in how arbitration
clauses ought to be construed. The dispute in that case was whether an
arbitration clause that purported to cover “any dispute arising under this
charter” was wide enough to cover claims involving the tort of conspiracy,
breach of fiduciary duty and fraud, _etc_. The House of Lords eschewed the
traditional technical approach towards the construction of arbitration clauses
in favour of a commonsensical one based on the presumed intention of the
parties. Lord Hoffman with his customary acuity noted (at [13]) that:

[T]he construction of an arbitration clause should start from the assumption
that the parties, as rational businessmen, are likely to have intended any
dispute arising out of the relationship into which they have entered or
purported to enter to be decided by the same tribunal. The clause should be
construed in accordance with this presumption unless the language makes it
clear that certain questions were intended to be excluded from the
arbitrator's jurisdiction.

14 The _Premium Nafta_ approach suggests that an arbitration clause should be
construed widely so as to include all disputes relating to the contract,
whether the underlying cause of action is based on tort or contract, unless
the language used in the arbitration clause clearly excludes the particular
dispute.

15 Other jurisdictions have also favoured a generous approach towards the
construction of arbitration clauses. The Supreme Court of the United States
has taken the view that “any doubts concerning the scope of arbitrable issues
should be resolved in favor of arbitration” (see _Moses H Cone Memorial
Hospital v Mercury Construction Corporation_ 460 US 1 (1983) at [12]-[14]).
Further, in _Mitsubishi Motors Corporation v. Soler Chrysler-Plymouth, Inc_
473 US 614 (1985), Blackmun J held (at [2]–[3]) that with regard to the
construction of an arbitration clause, “as with any other contract, the
parties' intentions control, but those intentions are generously construed as
to issues of arbitrability”.

16 In _Francis Travel Marketing Pty Ltd v Virgin Atlantic Airways Ltd_ [1996]
39 NSWLR 160, the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of New South Wales had
to consider whether an arbitration clause was wide enough to cover a claim by
the plaintiff under the Australian Trade Practices Act 1974. The court, in
holding that the arbitration clause should be generously interpreted to
include such claims, reasoned (at 165) that:

When the parties to a commercial contract agree, at the time of making the
contract, and before any disputes have yet arisen, to refer to arbitration any
dispute or difference arising out of the agreement, their agreement should not
be construed narrowly. They are unlikely to have intended that different
disputes should be resolved before different tribunals, or that the
appropriate tribunal should be determined by fine shades of difference in the
legal character of individual issues, or by the ingenuity of lawyers in
developing points of argument.

17 Similarly, in _Onex Corp. v. Ball Corp_. (1994) 12 BLR (2d) 151 at [24],
the Ontario Court of Justice reasoned that:

[W]here the language of an arbitration clause is capable of bearing two
interpretations, and on one of those interpretations fairly provides for
arbitration, the courts should lean towards honouring that option …

This approach was cited with approval by the Ontario Court of Appeal in
_Canadian National Railway Co et al v Lovat Tunnel Equipment Inc_ (1999) 174
D.L.R. (4th) 385.

18 This generous approach towards the construction of the scope of arbitration
clauses has received widespread support. Gary Born concludes that such an
approach “best achieves the parties’ objective, good faith intentions” (Gary B
Born, _International Commercial Arbitration vol 1_ (Wolters Kluwer, 2009) at p
1083). Other writers such as Julian Lew, Loukas Mistelis and Stefan Kroll also
support this approach on the grounds that restrictive interpretations of
arbitration clauses tend to cause “cumbersome” and unfair results (see Julian
D M Lew et al, _Comparative International Commercial Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law
Internationa, 2003) at p 152).

19 There are, all in all, strong reasons for supporting a generous approach
towards the construction of the scope of arbitration clauses, given that such
an approach has received widespread acceptance among the leading commercial
jurisdictions, and is strongly supported by the academic community. Such an
approach is also consistent with this court’s philosophy of facilitating
arbitration (see, for instance, the case of _Tjong Very Sumito and others v
Antig Investments Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 732 where we adopted a generous
interpretation of the word “dispute” in an arbitration clause). Accordingly,
we agree that the preponderance of authority favours the view that arbitration
clauses should be generously construed such that all manner of claims, whether
common law or statutory, should be regarded as falling within their scope
unless there is good reason to conclude otherwise.

Whether the Arbitration Clause covered Petroprod’s avoidance claims against
Larsen

20 The underlying basis for a generous approach towards construing the scope
of an arbitration clause is the assumption that commercial parties, as
rational business entities, are likely to prefer a dispute resolution system
that can deal with all types of claims in a single forum. This assumption is
reasonable in relation to private remedial claims, which may arise either
before or during the period when a company becomes insolvent. It is
conceivable that the company’s pre-insolvency management would prefer all
these claims to be dealt with in a single forum. However, this reasoning
cannot be applied to avoidance claims pursued during insolvency proceedings.
The commencement of insolvency proceedings results in the company’s management
being displaced by a liquidator or judicial manager. Since avoidance claims
can only be pursued by the liquidators or judicial managers of insolvent
companies, there is no reason to objectively believe that a company’s pre-
insolvency management would ordinarily contemplate including avoidance claims
within the scope of an arbitration agreement.

21 For the reasons stated above, it makes sense to draw a line between private
remedial claims (either common law or statutory), which the company’s pre-
insolvency management have good reason to be concerned about, and claims that
can only be made by a liquidator/judicial manager of an insolvent company, to
which they are completely indifferent. We therefore hold that arbitration
clauses should not ordinarily be construed to cover avoidance claims in the
absence of express language to the contrary (on this issue see [46] below) and
that the Arbitration Clause did not cover Petroprod’s claims against Larsen.

22 Our holding that the Arbitration Clause did not cover Petroprod’s claims
against Larsen would have been enough to dismiss the appeal. However, in the
light of the fact that the question of the arbitrability of insolvency-related
claims has never been raised in the local courts, and would certainly be of
great importance to arbitration and insolvency practitioners, we consider it
appropriate for us to explicate our views on what would be the proper judicial
approach towards an arbitration agreement that expressly includes insolvency-
related claims such as avoidance claims.

The concept of arbitrability and s 6(2) of the AA

23 Before the Judge, the parties did not address the question of whether the
concept of arbitrability of the claim should be a factor when a court is
considering whether to grant a stay of proceedings in favour of arbitration
under s 6(2) of the AA. However, the Judge correctly identified this as an
important issue, and held that although the AA did not make any explicit
reference to the concept of arbitrability, this should be taken into account
when a court is asked to exercise its discretion to grant a stay of
proceedings under s 6(2) of the AA. He stated, at [12] of the GD:

In the IAA, the concept of arbitrability is recognised in s 11(1), which
provides that any dispute which the parties have agreed to submit to
arbitration under an arbitration agreement may be determined by arbitration
unless it is contrary to public policy to do so. In contrast, there is no
explicit reference to the concept of arbitrability in the Arbitration Act.
Even so, this concept ought to be taken into account when a court is asked to
exercise its discretion to grant a stay under s 6(2) of the Arbitration Act.
With this in mind, the specific nature of Petroprod’s claims in the main
action will now be considered.

24 We agree with the Judge’s view that arbitrability is an important factor
that ought to be taken into consideration when determining whether to grant a
stay under s 6(2) of the AA. However, the Judge’s observation that the AA does
not make explicit reference to the concept of arbitrability is incorrect.
Section 48(1)(_b_)(i) of the AA, which deals with the setting aside of an
arbitral award, makes it clear that the courts can set aside an arbitral award
if “the subject-matter of the dispute is not capable of settlement by
arbitration.” This is a clear reference to the concept of arbitrability.
However, the AA does not include any provision that explains what disputes are
arbitrable. It has been left to the courts to shape the contours of the
arbitrability exception.

25 In our opinion, there are two reasons why a stay should not be granted
under s 6(2) of the AA if the claim is not an arbitrable one. First, as the
Judge pointed out, s 11(1) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A,
2009 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) explicitly states that parties may only agree to submit a
dispute to arbitration if the dispute is an arbitrable one. It would be
anomalous if a dispute that was non-arbitrable and hence not entitled to a
stay of proceedings under the IAA, could be stayed in favour of arbitration
under s 6(2) of the AA. The anomaly is even more striking considering that the
Courts are expected to take a more interventionist approach in domestic
arbitrations under the AA than international arbitrations under the IAA (see
_NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R)
565 at [51]).

26 Second, it is important to remember that arbitration is not an end in
itself. Parties engage in arbitration in order to obtain an arbitral award
that can be enforced. An arbitral award in respect of an non-arbitrable claim
is a _brutum fulmen_ as it can be set aside under s 48(1)(_b_)(i) of the AA
even if the issue of arbitrability is not raised by the parties. It is an
utter waste of time for parties to incur time and cost through arbitration,
only to obtain an arbitral award that is later set aside for non-
arbitrability, and to have the entire litigation process repeated again to
have their dispute sorted out. Accordingly, even though s 6(2) of the AA does
not make arbitrability of the dispute a pre-condition for the grant of a stay
of proceedings, it cannot be seriously argued that a non-arbitrable claim
should be allowed to proceed to arbitration.

Whether avoidance claims are arbitrable

Statutory provisions

27 The question of whether avoidance claims are arbitrable cannot be answered
without a proper understanding of the relationship between the concept of
arbitrability and the essential principles of insolvency/bankruptcy law.
Guidance can also be obtained from the provisions of the BA and the AA (and
the IAA) to understand how Parliament has struck a balance between the
competing policy considerations of facilitating arbitration and enforcing
insolvency law.

(1) The AA and the IAA

28 The AA makes only one reference to the concept of arbitrability in s
48(1)(_b_)(i), which deals with the setting aside of an arbitral award. As for
the IAA, the concept of arbitrability is mentioned twice, first in s 11, which
deals with the enforcement of an arbitration agreement, and in s 31(4), which
deals with the enforcement of a foreign arbitral award. Neither statute
provides any guidelines as to the type of claims that are arbitrable.

29 Nevertheless, the legislative history of the AA and the IAA provides some
clues as to how the drafters of the statutes viewed the concept of
arbitrability. In 1997, the Attorney-General set up a Review of Arbitration
Act Committee (“the Committee”) to review arbitration legislation in
Singapore. In 2000, the Committee published its final report, _Review of
Arbitration Laws, LRRD No 3/2001_ (“the Report”) as well as the draft
Arbitration Bill 2001. Section 2.37.17 of the Report states that:

Clause 48(1)(b) gives to the Court on its own motion the power to refuse
enforcement of the award if the subject matter in dispute is not arbitrable.
Subject matter arbitrability has a direct impact on the jurisdiction of the
tribunal and is also arguably a matter of public policy as to which subject
matters are incapable of arbitral resolution. _It is generally accepted that
issues, which may have public interest elements, may not be arbitrable_ ,
e.g., citizenship or legitimacy of marriage, grants of statutory licenses,
validity of registration of trade marks or patents, copyrights, _winding-up of
companies, bankruptcies of debtors_ , administration of estates. [emphasis
added]

The Report also makes it clear that the policy of encouraging arbitration as
encapsulated in the AA is subject to other competing policy considerations,
especially insolvency and bankruptcy issues. Section 2.3.3 of the Report
states that:

The Bill makes no reference to the insolvency of companies or other bodies
corporate. Reference must be made to the Companies Act and other relevant
statutory instruments relating to the capacities of such bodies in cases of
winding-up or insolvency. [The Law Reform and Co-ordinating Committee’s]
suggestion that the Companies Act be mentioned in the Bill was not adopted as
we felt that such matters should properly remain within the Companies Act or
for that matter any subsequent insolvency legislation.

30 It can be seen from the Report that the drafters of the AA and IAA regarded
the question of arbitrability as being subject to public interest
considerations. More importantly, they recognised that insolvency/bankruptcy
law is an area replete with public policy considerations that were too
important to be settled by parties privately through the arbitral mechanism.
However, the Report did not clarify what type of claims relating to insolvency
could not be arbitrated.

(2) The BA

31 The relevant section of the BA that deals with enforcement of an
arbitration agreement by/against a bankrupt party is s 148A which reads as
follows:

**Arbitration agreements to which bankrupt is a party**

**148A**. —(1) This section shall apply where a bankrupt had become party to a
contract containing an arbitration agreement before the commencement of his
bankruptcy.

(2) If the Official Assignee adopts the contract, the arbitration agreement
shall be enforceable by or against the Official Assignee in relation to
matters arising from or connected with the contract.

(3) If the Official Assignee does not adopt the contract and a matter to which
the arbitration agreement applies requires to be determined in connection with
or for the purposes of the bankruptcy proceedings —

(_a_) the Official Assignee; or

(_b_) any other party to the agreement,

may apply to the court **_which may, if it thinks fit in all the circumstances
of the case, order that the matter be referred to arbitration in accordance
with the arbitration agreement_**.

[emphasis in bold italics added]

32 Section 148A of the BA is as a relatively new provision. It originally
appeared as s 5 of the AA until 2001, when Parliament decided to re-enact this
provision in the BA pursuant to the earlier mentioned reforms to the AA. The
parliamentary debates do not reveal the legislature’s reasons for doing so,
but it is likely that this was done to ensure that the new s 148A of the BA
could apply to arbitration agreements under both the AA or the IAA, thus
creating a unified scheme for the enforcement of an arbitration agreements
by/against bankrupt parties. (See _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , Official
Report (5 October 2001) vol 73 at cols 2213–2218) (Associate Professor Ho Peng
Kee, Minister of State for Law)).

33 It bears mention that the re-enactment of the old s 5 of the AA as the
present s 148A of the BA was accompanied by significant textual changes. The
old s 5 of the AA contained only two sub-sections and read as follows:

**Provisions in case of bankruptcy**.

**5**. —(1) Where it is provided by a term in a contract to which a bankrupt
is a party that any differences arising thereout or in connection therewith
shall be referred to arbitration, the said term shall, if the Official
Assignee of debtor’s estates adopts the contract, be enforceable by or against
him so far as it relates to any such differences.

(2) Where a person who has been adjudged bankrupt had, before the commencement
of the bankruptcy, become a party to an arbitration agreement, and any matter
to which the agreement applies requires to be determined in connection with or
for the purposes of the bankruptcy proceedings, then, if the case is one to
which subsection (1) does not apply, any other party to the agreement or the
Official Assignee of debtors’ estates may apply to the court having
jurisdiction in the bankruptcy proceedings for an order directing that the
matter in question shall be referred to arbitration in accordance with the
agreement, and that court may, if it is of opinion that, having regard to all
the circumstances of the case, the matter ought to be determined by
arbitration, make an order accordingly.

34 Given the substantial textual differences between these two provisions, it
is inappropriate to interpret s 148A(2) of the BA by reference to the original
s 5 of the AA. In any event, there are no reported cases that deal with the
application of s 5 of the AA. Neither does it appear that there are any
reported authorities on the United Kingdom’s equivalent of the original s 5 of
the AA (the original s 5 of the AA was based on, and is _pari materia_ with, s
3 of the United Kingdom’s Arbitration Act 1950 (14 Geo. 6, c.27), as well as
its progenitor, s 2 of the United Kingdom’s Arbitration Act 1934 (24 & 25 Geo.
5, Ch.14)). Therefore, we will interpret s 148(2) of the BA according to legal
principles as tempered by public policy.

35 Section 148A contains two main sub-limbs. The first sub-limb deals with a
situation where the Official Assignee chooses to adopt the contract, while the
second sub-limb deals with a situation where the Official Assignee chooses not
to do so. In relation to the first sub-limb, s 148A(2) provides that if the
Official Assignee adopts the contract, the arbitration agreement shall be
enforceable by or against the Official Assignee in relation to matters arising
from or connected with the contract. The purpose of this section is to compel
the Official Assignee (or Liquidator) to adopt the contract in its entirety,
without having the power to cherry pick the desirable portions of the contract
while eschewing or discarding the undesirable parts. In relation to the second
sub-limb, s 148A(3) of the BA provides that even if the Official Assignee (or
Liquidator) does not adopt the contract, the courts retain a residual
discretion to refer a dispute involving an insolvent/bankrupt party to
arbitration if the court “thinks fit in all the circumstances of the case.”

36 Section 148A does not provide any clear guidelines for determining how the
court should exercise its residual discretion in deciding whether a claim
involving an insolvent party should be referred to arbitration when the
underlying contract is not adopted. Neither does it provide any clues as to
how to determine if a particular claim is arbitrable. These are areas that
have been left for the courts to decide.

Case law

(1) Singapore

37 _Four Pillars Enterprises Co Ltd v Beiersdorf Aktiengesellschaft_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 382 (“ _Four Pillars_ ”) is the only local case that deals directly
with the question of whether an insolvency related dispute can be arbitrated.
In that case, the appellant and the respondent had set up a joint venture
company (JVC) pursuant to a joint venture agreement. In 1998, the respondent,
as creditor and shareholder of the JVC, presented a petition to wind up the
JVC on grounds that the JVC was insolvent and that it was just and equitable
that the JVC be wound up. The appellant sought an order for a stay of the
winding-up proceedings on the basis that the joint-venture agreement contained
an arbitration clause requiring the respondent to refer all disputes to
arbitration.

38 This Court found that the winding up petition did not fall within the scope
of the arbitration clause and refused to grant the stay sought by the
appellants. _Four Pillars_ , however, does not provide us with much help on
the question of the arbitrability of insolvency related disputes because that
case was dealt with primarily as a question dealing with the construction of
the scope of an arbitration clause.

(2) England

39 There are no direct English authorities on whether an avoidance claim is
arbitrable. The respondent cited the case of _Exeter City Association Football
Club Ltd v Football Conference Ltd and another_ [2004] 1 WLR 2910 (“ _Exeter
City_ ”) at [23] as standing for the proposition that there are certain
statutory rights that are “inalienable and cannot be diminished or removed by
contract or otherwise”. In that case, the court held that an action under s
459 of the English Companies Act that the company’s affairs were being
conducted in a manner prejudicial to the shareholder’s interest was non-
arbitrable. In our opinion, _Exeter City_ is not a useful case because it
merely states that certain statutory rights are non-arbitrable, without giving
any guidelines as to how this determination is even made.

40 On a more general note, s 130(2) of the UK Insolvency Act 1986 provides
that no proceedings shall be proceeded with or commenced against an insolvent
company except with the leave of court. The English courts have interpreted
this provision as applying to arbitral proceedings as well (see _Enron Metals
& Commodity Limited v HIH Casualty & General Insurance Limited_ [2005] EWHC
485 (Ch)). In _In re Atlantic Computer Systems Plc_ [1992] 2 WLR 367 (“ _Re
Atlantic_ ”), the Court of Appeal held that the stay should only be lifted if
the creditor could make out a good case against the insolvent debtor. Where
the creditor’s claim did not relate to proprietary rights, the court had to
conduct a balancing exercise between the interest of the claimant in
exercising its rights, and those of the other creditors. In doing so, the
court had to consider the loss that the creditor would suffer if leave was not
granted, compared with the loss potentially suffered by the other creditors if
leave was granted.

41 The _Re Atlantic_ approach requires the judge to conduct a balancing
exercise between the interest of the particular claimant in enforcing the
arbitration clause, and those of the other creditors. Under this approach, an
English court may enforce an arbitration clause if it is of the opinion that
the interest of the particular claimant in enforcing the arbitration clause
outweighs the interest of the other creditors in resisting such enforcement.

(3) Australia

42 The arbitrability of avoidance claims was the subject of discussion in _New
Cap Reinsurance Corporation Limited v A E Grant & Ors, Lloyd's Syndicate No
991_ [2009] NSWSC 662 (“ _New Cap Reinsurance_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff
company had brought an avoidance action against the defendants to recover
certain payments made to it, on the grounds that these payments were unfair
preferences under the Australian Corporations Act 2001. The defendants
objected to having these claims litigated in court on the basis that they fell
within the scope of an arbitration agreement between the parties. Barret J
held that the scope of the arbitration clause could not include an avoidance
claim brought by the plaintiff against the defendants (at [87]–[88]):

[E]ven on the most generous interpretation of the words “[a]ll matters in
difference between the parties arising under, out of or in connection with
this Reinsurance”, they do not extend to the present proceeding under s
588FF(1) of the _Corporations Act_ in which the liquidator of one party to the
reinsurance contract seeks an order for the payment of money to that
contracting party by the other contracting party. This proceeding has nothing
to do with the reinsurance contract. It is a proceeding upon a statutory cause
of action maintainable by the liquidator of one of the former contracting
parties. _The cause of action is not available to the contracting party
itself. Its liquidator, when suing upon the statutory cause of action, does
not attempt to enforce some right of the contracting party_. Furthermore, the
event giving rise to the proceeding is not anything done under, by reference
to or in relation to the reinsurance contract. The relevant event is the
making of a payment by one of the parties to the reinsurance contract to the
other of them pursuant to a new and separate contact by which they agreed to
compromise and release the rights and obligations created by the reinsurance
contract.

In summary, the “matters in difference” in these present proceedings are
matters between NCRA’s liquidator and the defendants. They are matters arising
from events that happened after the agreed termination of the reinsurance
contract and, following the commencement of NCRA’s winding up, caused a
statutory cause of action to become vested in the liquidator. _There was no
cause of action and no claim upon the defendants until the winding up of NCRA
intervened_. The arbitration provision in the reinsurance contract – which
ceased to be in force between NCRA and the defendants when, in December 1998,
they became parties to the commutation agreement – has no bearing on the
statutory right that the subsequently appointed liquidator of NCRA
subsequently acquired to seek orders against the defendants under s 588FF(1).

[emphasis added]

43 Barret J’s judgment in _New Cap Reinsurance_ appears to conflate the
question of arbitrability, which deals with the question of whether a
particular type of claim can be arbitrated, with the question of the scope of
the arbitration clause, which is essentially an issue of construction. We are
unable to agree with this approach because we regard these issues as being
conceptually separate. Despite this, Barret J’s insightful analysis that the
scope of the arbitration clause could not include the plaintiff’s avoidance
claims, because they were only available to the liquidator of the company upon
the commencement of insolvency, seems to us to be a practical approach in
evaluating the kind of claims that ought not to be arbitrable.

Analysis

The concept of non-arbitrability

44 The concept of non-arbitrability is a cornerstone of the process of
arbitration. It allows the courts to refuse to enforce an otherwise valid
arbitration agreement on policy grounds. That said, we accept that there is
ordinarily a presumption of arbitrability where the words of an arbitration
clause are wide enough to embrace a dispute, unless it is shown that
parliament intended to preclude the use of arbitration for the particular type
of dispute in question (as evidenced by the statute’s text or legislative
history), or that there is an inherent conflict between arbitration and the
public policy considerations involved in that particular type of dispute.

Disputes involving an insolvent company due to the operation of the insolvency
regime

45 A distinction should be drawn between disputes involving an insolvent
company that stem from its pre-insolvency rights and obligations, and those
that arise only upon the onset of insolvency due to the operation of the
insolvency regime. Many of the statutory provisions in the insolvency regime
are in place to recoup for the benefit of the company’s creditors losses
caused by the misfeasance and/or malfeasance of its former management. This is
especially true of the avoidance and wrongful trading provisions. This
objective could be compromised if a company’s pre-insolvency management had
the ability to restrict the avenues by which the company’s creditors could
enforce the very statutory remedies which were meant to protect them against
the company’s management. It is a not unimportant consideration that some of
these remedies may include claims against former management who would not be
parties to any arbitration agreement. The need to avoid different findings by
different adjudicators is another reason why a collective enforcement
procedure is clearly in the wider public interest.

46 We, therefore, are of the opinion that the insolvency regime’s objective of
facilitating claims by a company’s creditors against the company and its pre-
insolvency management overrides the freedom of the company’s pre-insolvency
management to choose the forum where such disputes are to be heard. The courts
should treat disputes arising from the operation of the statutory provisions
of the insolvency regime _per se_ as non-arbitrable even if the parties
expressly included them within the scope of the arbitration agreement.

Disputes involving an insolvent company that stem from its pre-insolvency
rights and obligations

47 On the other hand, different considerations apply in relation to disputes
involving an insolvent company that stem from its pre-insolvency rights and
obligations. These disputes are binding on liquidators who, although not
parties to such agreements, have stepped into the shoes of the company on
liquidation. Such disputes differ from those arising on the onset of
insolvency because they do not involve public policy considerations such as
the protection of creditors. Nonetheless, there are other policy issues that
may militate against giving effect to them.

48 First, compelling parties to arbitrate inevitably deprives them of their
fundamental right of access to the courts. Such deprivation can only be
justified if the parties who are compelled to arbitrate had previously
consented to waiving their right to judicial remedies in lieu of arbitration.
Thus, non parties to an arbitration agreement cannot be compelled to arbitrate
their disputes pursuant to an arbitration agreement. When a company becomes
insolvent, its assets are impressed with a statutory trust that is
administered by the liquidator for the benefit of the company’s creditors (see
_Ng Wei Teck Michael and others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1998] 1
SLR(R) 778). That being so, the creditors of the insolvent company are the
parties with the real interest in any dispute that involves the insolvent
company, since they are the ones who stand to lose or gain from any diminution
or augmentation of the company’s assets. Since these creditors are not parties
to the arbitration agreement between the insolvent company and its arbitral
counterparties, it is very hard to justify why the liquidator (who represents
the creditors) should be compelled to give up its rights to judicial remedies
in favour of arbitration.

49 Second, there is a well established principle that a company cannot
contract with some of its creditors for the non-application of certain
insolvency rules (see generally _Joo Yee Construction v Diethelm Industries_
[1990] 2 MLJ 66; _National Westminster Bank Ltd. v. Halesowen Presswork &
Assemblies Ltd_. [1972] AC 785; _British Eagle International Air Lines Ltd. v
Compagnie Nationale Air France_ [1975] 1 WLR 758). The Companies (Winding Up)
Rules (Cap 50, Rule 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CR”) creates a highly specialised form
of dispute resolution in respect of claims brought against an insolvent party.
Under the CR, every creditor is required to submit a proof of debt to the
liquidator (r 78), and all costs relating to the proving of debts are to be
borne by the creditor (r 84). The liquidator may admit or reject the proof or
may require further evidence to be taken (r 92). If dissatisfied with the
liquidator’s decision, a creditor may apply to the Court to reverse or vary
the liquidator’s decision (r 93). Arguably, allowing an insolvent company’s
creditor to arbitrate a dispute against the company falls foul of this
principle, since that creditor is in effect contracting out of the proof of
debt process.

50 In our view, such agreements should not be allowed to be enforced against
the liquidator where the agreement affects the substantive rights of other
creditors. Otherwise it will undermine the policy aims of the insolvency
regime. In _Re Rasmachayana Sulistyo (alias Chang Whe Ming), ex parte The
Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd and other appeals_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 483,
the High Court had the opportunity to consider whether a pre-bankruptcy
agreement between a debtor and its creditor on service of process for court
proceedings amounted to an improper contracting out of the service provisions
of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“BR”), and held that the
agreement was enforceable (at [20]):

There is nothing in the BR or BA pointing to the existence of a legislative
scheme for an exclusive code of procedure for personal service. More
importantly, there is nothing in the BR that precludes or militates against
consensual arrangements for service of processes. _In my view, the freedom to
contract should not be fettered unless there is a clear contrary indication
from the language used or from the purport of the relevant legislative
provisions and/or underpinning public interest considerations_. The objectives
of insolvency legislation will continue to be well served by sanctioning
agreements between competent contracting parties on personal issues such as
the modalities of service and notice. The principal purposes of such
legislation are to prevent fragmentation of assets and to sterilise certain
legal rights of an insolvent debtor and these objectives are clearly not
contravened or impeded by consensual arrangements on such issues. [emphasis
added]

51 However, in instances where the agreement is only to resolve the prior
private _inter se_ disputes between the company and another party there will
usually be no good reason not to observe the terms of the arbitration
agreement. The proof of debt process is merely a substituted means of
enforcing debts against the company, and does not create new rights in the
creditors or destroy old ones (see _Wight and others v Eckhardt Marine GmbH_
[2004] 1 AC 147). Hence, even if the claim is subsequently proved to be valid
and enforceable against the liquidator, the pool of assets available to all
creditors at the time of the liquidation of the company is not affected. For
the same reason, allowing a creditor to arbitrate his claim against an
insolvent company in such circumstances does not undermine the insolvency
regime’s underlying policy aims.

Whether Petroprod’’s claims against Larsen are arbitrable

Petroprod’s claim against Larsen based on ss 98 and 99 of the BA read with s
329(1) of the Companies Act

52 Petroprod’s claims against Larsen that are based on ss 98 and 99 of the BA
read with s 329(1) of the Companies Act are only available to it at the
commencement of its insolvency. They are derived from the insolvency regime
and are non-arbitrable.

Petropod’s claim against Larsen under s 73B of the CLPA

53 The analysis in relation to Petroprod’s claims against Larsen that are
based on s 73B of the CLPA is, however, not as straightforward. As mentioned
above at [4], these claims are brought by Petroprod in its capacity as a
creditor of the four subsidiaries. The essence of these claims lies in the
fact that Larsen caused the four subsidiaries to have made payments to itself
when they were already insolvent, thus causing prejudice to Petroprod. Section
73B of the CLPA reads as follows:

**Voluntary conveyances to defraud creditors voidable. Cf. 13 Eliz. c.5 (1571)
Law of Property Act 1925, s.172**.

**73B**. —(1) Except as provided in this section, every conveyance of
property, made whether before or after 12th November 1993, with intent to
defraud creditors, shall be voidable, at the instance of any person thereby
prejudiced.

(2) This section does not affect the law relating to bankruptcy for the time
being in force.

(3) This section does not extend to any estate or interest in property
disposed of for valuable consideration and in good faith or upon good
consideration and in good faith to any person not having, at the time of the
disposition, notice of the intent to defraud creditors.

54 In _Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 (“ _Quah Kay
Tee_ ”), this Court had the opportunity to consider the nature of s 73B of the
CLPA in some detail. Lai Kew Chai J, who delivered the decision of the Court,
traced the history of s 73B of the CLPA as being derived from s 172 of the
English Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20), which in turn was based on the
Statute of Elizabeth 1571 (c 5). The court held that s 73B of the CLPA was not
directed merely against transfers of property that are made with the express
intention of defrauding creditors, but also covered situations of constructive
fraud. Furthermore, the very idea of constructive fraud was intrinsically
connected to the insolvent/bankrupt status of the debtor (at [25]–[26] and
[29]):

25 It is apparent from a trilogy of cases decided by Lord Hardwicke LC that
"indebtedness" at the time of the voluntary conveyance is the all important
criterion in invoking constructive fraud and thereby holding a transaction
void. In _Townshend v Windham_ (1750) 2 Ves Sen 1 at 10; 28 ER 1, his Lordship
stated, “the testator being indebted at the time of the appointment, it is
void as against his creditors”; and in _Russell v Hammond_ (1738) 1 Atk 13 at
15; 26 ER 9, he observed that the only voluntary settlements which are not
fraudulent are those "where the person making, is not indebted at the time";
and in _Walker v Burrows_ (1745) 1 Atk 93 at 94; 26 ER 61, he spoke of
indebtedness at the time, or soon after, as a circumstance from which a
fraudulent intention might be collected.

26 These decisions lay down the one great object of the Elizabethan Statute,
which is to prevent debtors from dealing with their property in any way to the
prejudice of their creditors. It in fact considers a man deeply indebted as no
longer the true owner of his property but rather, a trustee of it for the
benefit of his creditors. Therefore, the statute gives priority to debts over
voluntary and fraudulent conveyances and attempts to prevent a man in his
lifetime from delaying, hindering or defrauding his just creditors.

…

29 Thus, actual insolvency is not always necessary. Neither is the mere
existence of some indebtedness, at the time of the gift, sufficient to
invalidate the voluntary transaction. _But if it can be proved that the donor,
at the time he made the gift, was indebted to the extent of insolvency, or
that he became so by the abstraction of the property comprised in the gift,
then that is enough to invalidate the transfer …_

[emphasis added]

55 Therefore, properly understood, a s 73B CLPA claim is one that may straddle
both a company’s pre-insolvency state of affairs, as well as its descent into
the insolvency regime. For example, a debtor may try to dissipate its local
assets in anticipation of a creditor obtaining judgment against him. The
debtor may have other foreign assets such that it remains solvent even after
such dissipation, the only problem being the creditor’s ability to enforce its
judgment debt against the debtor in those foreign jurisdictions. In such a
case, a s 73B CLPA claim commenced by the creditor has nothing to do with the
insolvency regime. It is simply an allegation that the debtor has deliberately
tried to dissipate his local assets with the intention of frustrating the
creditor’s attempt to enforce any judgment against the debtor. Such an
intention is the basis of a finding of an express fraudulent intention on the
part of the debtor.

56 On the other hand, for cases like _Quah Kay Tee_ , where the creditor’s
claim is based on the debtor’s conveyance of property despite of (or causing)
its insolvency, there is no need for any finding of express fraudulent
intention in order to sustain a claim under s 73B of the CLPA. Instead, the
essence of the claim is that the debtor has transferred property to another
despite (or thereby causing) its insolvent status, to the detriment of the
creditor. This makes it similar to a claim based on unfair preference or
transaction at undervalue under ss 98 and 99 of the BA respectively, where the
prerequisite is that the debtor must be either insolvent at the time of the
transaction, or had became insolvent in consequence of it (s 100(2) of the
BA). In our opinion, a s 73B CLPA claim framed in such a manner must be
regarded as one that is intimately intertwined with insolvency, since it is
entirely contingent on the insolvent status of the debtor.

57 In the present case, it is apparent from Petroprod’s Statement of Claim
dated 30 October 2009 that its s 73B CLPA claim against Larsen is based on the
insolvency of the four subsidiaries when the money was paid from them to
Larsen:

7.4.2 The Liquidators have received from the Defendant a set of accounts
including a balance sheet as at 31 March 2009 in respect of the Relevant
Subsidiaries (“The Relevant Subsidiaries March 2009 Accounts”) _which show
each of the Relevant Subsidiaries were insolvent at the relevant period in
question_.

...

8.2 _Section 73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap. 61):
constructive fraud_

8.2.1By reason of the matters set out in paragraph 7.4.1 above, _the Relevant
subsidiaries was each insolvent at the time at which each of the payments_ set
out in paragraph 8.1 above _was made_ in that each of the Relevant
Subsidiaries was, at the time of or as a consequence of each respective
payment referred to in paragraph 8.1 above, unable to pay its respective debts
as they fell due.

[emphasis in underline in original, emphasis in italics added]

58 Accordingly, we held that Petroprod’s s 73B CLPA claim against Larsen was
an in fact an insolvency claim that is non-arbitrable.

Conclusion

59 Petroprod’s claims against Larsen do not fall within the scope of the
Arbitration Clause (see [7]–[22] above). Even if they do, these claims are
non-arbitrable because they are in essence insolvency claims.

60 For these reasons, we dismissed Larsen’s appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

