Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ng Chee Weng _v_ Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another  
[2011] SGHC 120

Case Number| :| Suit No. 453 of 2009/F (Registrar's Appeal No.379 of 2010/D)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 May 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Kan Ting Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Cheng Han SC (instructed) and Vijay Kumar (Vijay &
Co) for the Plaintiff; Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan and Lin Shumin (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the Defendants.  
Parties| :|  Ng Chee Weng — Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another  
  
16 May 2011|  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The plaintiff Ng Chee Weng applied to amend his Statement of Claim against
the defendants. Some of the amendments were dismissed by an Assistant
Registrar (“AR”), and the plaintiff appealed against the dismissal. I affirmed
the AR’s decision and set out my grounds.

Background

2 On 26 May 2009, when the plaintiff commenced the action against the
defendants, he set out the basis of his claim in para 1 of the Statement of
Claim:

The Plaintiff was the beneficial owner of 50% of the shareholding in Sinco
Technologies Pte Ltd (the “Company”) which was held in trust for the Plaintiff
by the 1st Defendant up to April 2007. The Plaintiff was therefore entitled to
dividend payments made whilst he was the beneficial owner of the 50%
shareholding interests in the Company.

3 The Statement of Claim went on to state that the plaintiff had sold his
shares in the company to the first defendant:

17\. On or about late April or May 2007, the 1st Defendant approached the
Plaintiff inquiring if the Plaintiff was interested in selling all his 50%
shareholding in the Company to the 1st Defendant. The 1st Defendant offered to
purchase all of the Plaintiff’s shareholding in the Company. But, the 1st
Defendant suppressed the material fact that indeed substantial dividend
payments were previously made, in particular, between the period 2003 and
2007.

18\. The Plaintiff agreed to sell his 50% shareholding in the Company to the
1st Defendant at the price of $5,000,000.00. The Plaintiff – at that time –
had no inkling that dividend payments were previously paid out by the Company.

4 The plaintiff’s complaint was that the first defendant had not accounted for
and paid over to him dividend payments the company paid in respect to his
shares prior to the sale. He alleged that:

28\. Given that the 1st Defendant holds 50% shareholding in the Company in
trust for the Plaintiff between the period of 2003 and 2007, the Plaintiff was
beneficially entitled to payment of dividends of $12,015,000.00 (being 50% of
dividend payments of the Company of $24,030,000.00 for the period from 2003 to
2007). However, there was a prior agreement between the Plaintiff and the 1st
Defendant that 5% out of the 50% of the Plaintiff’s beneficial entitlement to
the dividend payments of the Company would be paid to the 1st Defendant.
Accordingly, the Plaintiff’s rightful 45% share of the dividend payments for
the period 2003 to 2006 amounts to $8,880,916.67.

5 The plaintiff concluded the Statement of Claim with a claim for the
dividends of $8,880,916.67.

The negotiations

6 Besides his entitlement to the dividends, the Statement of Claim also
alluded to discussions between the plaintiff and the first defendant.
References were made to them in several parts of the Statement of Claim,
mainly in:

29\. Between the period from March 2009 and April 2009, the Plaintiff had
various meetings and/or telephone conversations with the 1st Defendant [in the
presence of or through one Roy] during which the 1st Defendant:

(1) did not deny that he was holding the 45% shareholding of the Company in
trust for the Plaintiff;

(2) did not deny that the Plaintiff was entitled to dividend payments of the
Company, the shares of which was held in trust for the Plaintiff by the 1st
Defendant; and

(3) offered, first $3,500,000.00 [at the meeting on 23 March 2009] and then
$4,500,000 [at the meeting on 31 March 2009] to the Plaintiff in settlement of
the dividend payments which the Plaintiff was beneficially entitled to.

30\. The particulars of the relevant meetings and/or telephone conversations
between the parties are set out as follows:

(1) ...

(2) ...

(3) ... [At a meeting on 31 March 2009] [t]he 1st Defendant then offered the
Plaintiff $4,500,000.00. The Plaintiff decided to accept this given his long-
standing friendship with the 1st Defendant.

(4) 15 April 2009 telephone conversation between the Plaintiff [through Roy
Ng] and the 1st Defendant – Roy Ng, on the Plaintiff’s behalf, called the 1st
Defendant on the telephone and informed him of the Plaintiff’s decision to
reject the $4,500,000.00 offer and the Plaintiff’s counter-proposal of
$6,500,000.00 as a global sum for the settlement of his share of the dividend
payments. However, the 1st Defendant rejected the Plaintiff’s proposal; and..

Although the plaintiff referred to the discussions, he stopped short of
alleging that there was a concluded agreement.

The striking-out application

7 The defendants applied to strike out parts of the Statement of Claim
including the parts quoted in the foregoing paragraph on the ground that they
referred to “without prejudice” communications, which were privileged from
disclosure. The plaintiff resisted the application and contended that the
negotiations were not carried out on a “without prejudice” basis.

8 The application came on for hearing before Justice Belinda Ang Saw Ean, who
granted the application and struck out the paragraphs in question. The
plaintiff was not satisfied with her decision and brought an appeal to the
Court of Appeal.

9 In the course of the arguments before the Court of Appeal, the plaintiff put
forward amendments to the Statement of Claim to plead a claim to enforce a
settlement agreement as an alternative claim to the claim for the dividends.
(I refer to these amendments, which were not incorporated into any application
for amendment, as the proposed amendments.) The essence of the amendments is
in [33] of the proposal:

On 31 March 2009 the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant entered into another oral
Settlement Agreement under which agreement _the 1 st Defendant agreed to pay
the Plaintiff S$4.5 million_ in discharge of the 1st Defendant’s liability as
trustee to account for dividends declared and paid by the Company to the 1st
Defendant for the period 2003-2007, ....

[emphasis added]

The critical change was that the settlement negotiations became an agreement
to settle at $4.5m.

10 The defendants objected to the proposed amendments on the ground that if
they were allowed, the plaintiff’s case would be that there was a concluded
settlement agreement, and the plaintiff cannot have a claim for the dividends
anymore. The argument found favour with the Court, which disapproved the
proposed amendments and dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal.

11 However, the Court of Appeal went on to issue an Addendum to its order
that:

The dismissal of the appeal should not be taken as precluding the appellant
from applying for leave to make such further amendments to his statement of
claim as he may deem fit, subject always to the right of the respondent to
object to the same in accordance with general principles. However, any
proposed amendment which is in the precise form and sequence as set out in the
draft enclosed in the appellant’s submission to this court on 18 May 2010
should not be allowed as we have already ruled that that draft was not in
order.

Whether any “without prejudice” evidence (“the contested evidence”) may be
permitted to be adduced in the proceedings would have to be determined in
accordance with the general law and in the light of any future amendments to
pleading (if any) as may be allowed. For the avoidance of doubt we should
state that the dismissal of the appeal does not mean that we have ruled that
the contested evidence is inadmissible under any circumstances. We have only
determined that the contested evidence is inadmissible on the basis of the
existing pleadings.

The application to amend

12 The plaintiff took heed of the Addendum and applied in Summons No. 3969 of
2010 (“SUM 3969/2010”) to amend the Statement of Claim. The main amendments (I
refer to the amendments in the application as the draft amendments) are:

30\. The Plaintiff’s primary case is that those negotiations culminated in a
_binding oral agreement_ between himself and the 1st Defendant, _which was
made on 31 March 2009_ ... by which it was agreed that the 1st Defendant would
pay the Plaintiff the sum of $4,500,000 in full and final settlement of his
claim in respect of the dividends. ...

_Particulars_

a. ...

b. ...

c. ...

d. ...

e. ...

f. The 1st Defendant asked the Plaintiff why he had turned down his offer of
$3.5 million and the Plaintiff said that he was entitled to much more than
that. He gave the 1st Defendant the same explanation as he had given to Roy
Ng. Initially the 1st Defendant did not react to this, and discussions turned
to other matters. However, towards the end of the meeting Roy Ng proposed to
the 1st Defendant that he should settle with the Plaintiff by paying “what is
rightfully due to [the Plaintiff]”. _The 1 st Defendant made an offer to pay
$4.5 million which the Plaintiff verbally accepted then and there_.

[emphasis added]

and:

34\. Alternatively if, contrary to the Plaintiff’s primary case based upon the
oral settlement agreement, the Court concludes that there was no binding
settlement agreement made on 31st March 2009 or that the 1st Defendant is not
bound by that agreement for any reason, then the Plaintiff is entitled to
continue to pursue the claim for an account of the dividends that was
ostensibly compromised by the said agreement.

Election

13 These amendments were disallowed by the AR. In the appeal, the plaintiff
submitted that[note: 1]:

7\. It is respectfully submitted that the Assistant Registrar fell into error
on both the grounds on which he refused leave. The current draft amendment
does not offend any rule of law, nor does it seek to re-open the matters ruled
upon by the Court of Appeal, and the requirements of the rules of procedure
are satisfied. As will be explained in more detail below, _the Plaintiff is
not seeking to run two mutually inconsistent cases_ , in circumstances where
he either must elect between them or has already done so, as the Defendant has
suggested. [emphasis added]

8\. If the Plaintiff’s claim in respect of the dividends was settled, then his
cause of action arises in respect of the settlement agreement and the original
cause of action was extinguished by the settlement. ...

9\. However, the Defendants’ case is that the claim was not settled. If the
Court concludes that there was no binding settlement agreement, the original
cause of action will survive, and in those circumstances the Plaintiff is
still entitled to pursue it. The Plaintiff cannot be required to give up his
original claim (if it still survives) as a condition of pursuing his claim
under the settlement agreement.

14 The defendants’ response was:

What the Plaintiff seeks to do by way of these amendments is to plead breach
of a settlement agreement as an alternative cause of action. Yet, the law is
clear that one cannot plead as alternatives, both the original claim which was
purportedly settled as well as breach of a purported settlement agreement.
This is because the law requires a party to elect whether he is going to sue
on the original claim or sue on a alleged settlement agreement.[note: 2]

15 The requirement for election the defendants referred to was an election
between inconsistent rights. This was explained by Stephen J in _Sargent v ASL
Developments Ltd_ (1974) 131 CLR 634 at 641:

The doctrine of election as between two inconsistent legal rights is well
established ... The doctrine only applies if the rights are inconsistent the
one with the other and it is this _concurrent existence of inconsistent sets
of rights_ which explains the doctrine; because they are inconsistent neither
one may be enjoyed without the extinction of the other ...

[emphasis added]

and this exposition of the doctrine was adopted by the Court of Appeal in _Ang
Sin Hock v Khoo Eng Lim_ [2010] 3 SLR 179 at [30].

16 In the present case the right to the dividends and the right to the
settlement sum are _not_ concurrent rights because the right to the dividends
existed before the right to the settlement sum, and was extinguished by it.

17 The plaintiff’s submission that he was not seeking to run two mutually
inconsistent cases called for scrutiny. Two claims were pleaded, the first for
the dividends, which he claimed in trust on the basis that he was the
beneficial owner of the dividends and the first defendant was holding them as
his trustee, and the second under contract, on the basis that the plaintiff
and the first defendant had agreed to settle his claim for the claim for
dividends.

18 These two claims are mutually exclusive. If there was a settlement
agreement, it extinguished the dividends claim. If the defendants did not
honour the agreement, the plaintiff can sue on the agreement or repudiate it.
If he sues on the agreement, he cannot pursue the dividends claim. If he
repudiates the agreement, he cannot claim for the settlement sum.

19 The defendants argued that when the plaintiff asserted that he is entitled
to the $4.5m under the settlement agreement, he could not retain his claim to
the dividends. The defendants’ argument was that the plaintiff had elected at
the time he filed his Statement of Claim. That is not really correct because
at that stage, the question of the election did not arise since the plaintiff
was only asserting one right, the claim in trust for the dividends, and he was
not asserting that there was a settlement agreement.

20 By the proposed amendments and the draft amendments, the plaintiff changed
his position and complicated matters. When he presented the proposed
amendments to the Court of Appeal, he put forward two causes of action – one
in contract and one in trust, and when he filed SUM 3969/2010, he was also
pleading the same causes of action _albeit_ in the reversed order.

21 Professor Tan Cheng Han SC, counsel for the plaintiff, argued that this did
not call for election, that the plaintiff is entitled to plead in the
alternative, with the claim for the $4.5m as the main claim and to fall back
on the dividends claim if it is found at trial that there was no settlement
agreement. That explanation did not remove the need to elect if he was allowed
to plead in the alternative in the manner set out in the application. When the
plaintiff takes the position that he has a claim in contract and another claim
in trust, he is putting forward two claims. Despite his apprehension that the
claim on the settlement agreement may fail, he was making the claim. Election
arises out of the multiplicity of inconsistent claims, not the strength of the
claims.

22 The plaintiff had to confront a basic issue, whether he was entitled to
plead in the alternative as set out in his application. Holding the plaintiff
to his case, he had compromised the dividends claim by the time he commenced
this action. There was one surviving claim, the claim under the settlement
agreement. He cannot be allowed to maintain the dividends claim when his case
was that the claim had been compromised. It is not a question of election
because election implies that the elector has two proper claims between which
he must choose, and there was only one claim.

23 On this ground alone, the plaintiff’s appeal fails. However, there is
another issue with the draft amendments. Even if it is assumed that the form
of the draft amendments is acceptable, the draft amendments still have to
conform to the rules on pleadings.

The settlement agreement amendment

24 The circumstances in which the plaintiff presents the draft amendments on
the $4.5m settlement agreement must be remembered. The $4.5m figure had been
mentioned in the plaintiff’s pleadings and affidavits from the commencement of
the action. Unfortunately, the plaintiff has been of two minds over whether it
was an offer or a settlement agreement. In para 30(3) of the Statement of
Claim, the plaintiff alleged that on 31 March 2001, the first defendant
offered him $4.5m, and he decided to accept it. In para 30(4), the plaintiff
alleged that on 15 April 2009, he informed the first defendant that he decided
to reject the $4.5m offer, and made a counter-proposal of $6.5m, which the
first defendant rejected. It was on that basis that the plaintiff claimed for
the dividends. The plaintiff explained in his affidavit filed on 26 May 2009
in support of the claim that:

My claim for $8,880,916.67 is for dividends due to me which the 1st Defendant
held on trust for me. He has admitted that dividend payments – which were due
to me – were wrongfully retained by him. But he offered to repay me only
$3,500,000.00 at first – and later, $4,500,000.00. To settle our dispute, I
offered to accept $6,500,000.00 but the 1st Defendant refused to accept my
offer. Hence, this lawsuit which I was reluctantly compelled to commence.

But in an affidavit he deposed more than a year later on 23 August 2010 to
support the draft amendments in SUM 3969/2010, he maintained that:

The facts pleaded are all the same or substantially the same as what has been
originally pleaded and as set out by both parties in their affidavits.

without acknowledging or explaining the fundamental difference between a $4.5m
offer and a $4.5m settlement agreement.

25 The defendants had drawn attention to the contradictions in the plaintiff’s
case. The first defendant affirmed an affidavit on 30 August 2010 where he
reiterated in [26] thereof that there was no concluded settlement agreement.
In support of his contention he exhibited an e-mail from the plaintiff to him
and one Terence Ng dated 21 April 2009[note: 3] in which he stated:

In fact in one morning in the early month of march [sic] it was brought out in
the meeting that I only sold my shares to [the 1st Defendant] for sum of S$5
million in the middle of year 2007 and therefore [the 1st Defendant] should
pay me the dividends. So far _the highest sum he offered is $4.5 million which
I turned down_. Now I am giving him time to think about it and hope he will
come back asap.

[emphasis added]

This e-mail squarely contradicted the assertion in the draft amendments that a
settlement agreement was made on 31 March 2009.

26 The plaintiff had responded to the first defendant’s affidavit. He filed an
affidavit on 31 August 2010 and stated at [13]:

_I accepted $4.5 million offer on the spot_. I am advised that this gave rise
to a binding agreement. My unsuccessful attempts to re-negotiate the terms of
a settlement, I believed will not affect its enforceability. The compromise
with the 1st Defendant was a full and final settlement. [emphasis added]

without saying anything about his e-mail of 21 April 2009. In the
circumstances, he is deemed to admit that he had sent the e-mail.

27 The last word on the settlement from the plaintiff was in his written
submissions dated 15 October 2010 where it was stated at para 12(h) that:

Having initially accepted the offer to pay $4.5 million the Plaintiff
subsequently purported to “turn it down” and sought a larger amount, but the
1st Defendant did not agree to pay the larger sum.

again without reference to the e-mail of 21 April 2009.

28 When all the plaintiff’s narrations were examined, it is clear that he has
no consistent position on this issue. In fact, he had taken opposite positions
on it at different times with equal conviction. Quite obviously, his
recollection of the events cannot be relied on. Beyond his recollection,
however, there is one document which recorded his position on the issue – the
e-mail of 21 April 2009 which he had not disputed, explained or retracted.

Whether the application is an abuse of process of court

29 Counsel for the plaintiff had explained that the draft amendments were
presented after the proposed amendments were rejected by the Court of Appeal.
The draft amendments reversed the order of the claims in response to the Court
of Appeal’s rejection.

30 The draft amendments may have dealt with that difficulty, but they faced
other objections. When the Court of Appeal kept the door open for further
amendments, it made clear that any other amendments must be in accordance to
general rules or pleadings.

31 The plaintiff equivocated over the negotiations and the settlement since
the commencement of the action in May 2009. The positions he had taken are:

(a) in the Statement of Claim filed, that there were negotiations, and an
offer that he accepted, but rejected subsequently;

(b) in his e-mail of 21 April 2009, that he turned down an offer of $4.5m;

(c) in his affidavit of 31 August 2010, that he accepted the $4.5m offer “on
the spot”.

without regard to consistency and credibility.

32 Serious questions arise out of the plaintiff’s evolving presentation of his
case:

(a) if he believed that there was a settlement agreement at $4.5m, why did he
take the opposite position when he filed his claim?

(b) why did he send the e-mail on 21 April 2009 if he had accepted the $4.5m
offer? and

(c) since he did not deny, explain or dispute that e-mail, was there any
evidence, by his own case, that there was a settlement agreement at $4.5m?

33 The draft amendments must be reviewed against O 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) that:

(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or anything
in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

Although the rule refers to the striking out of pleadings, the reasoning
employed should be extended to prohibit any amendment which comes under (_a_),
(_b_), (_c_) or (_d_).

34 For the reasons stated in [21] and [22]  _supra_ , the alternative claim
for the dividends disclosed no reasonable cause of action and is an abuse of
the process of court, and the draft amendments cannot be allowed.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellants’ Skeletal Arguments/Submissions

[note: 2]Defendants’ Submissions, para 4

[note: 3]Exhibit BL-50, pa 73

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 May 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

