Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lonpac Insurance Bhd _v_ American Home Assurance Co  
[2011] SGHC 257

Case Number| :| OS 100 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ramasamy and Nagaraja S Maniam (M Rama Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Hong Heng Leong and Sunita Carmet Netto (Ang & Partners)
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lonpac Insurance Bhd — American Home Assurance Co  
  
30 November 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Lonpac”) and the defendant (“AHA”) are insurance companies
operating in Singapore. Both of them issued workmen’s compensation policies
covering, _inter alia_ , the liability of Rotary Engineering Ltd (“REL”) to
compensate its employees who suffered work related injuries. The main question
is whether there is double insurance so both Lonpac and AHA have to contribute
to the compensation ordered to be paid to an injured worker. The answer to
this question may, however, be dependent on whether extrinsic evidence can be
admitted to help the court in the task of construing the policy issued by
Lonpac.

2 REL is part of a corporate group known as the Rotary Group of Companies
(“the Group”). Lonpac has, for a number of years, issued a workmen’s
compensation policy to the Group. This policy (“the annual policy”) is issued
on an annual basis and covers the calendar year. Among other things, it covers
the liability of REL to its employees for work-related injuries. The annual
policy has been issued in 2006, 2007 and 2008 (to specify only the material
years) and if Lonpac is liable under the annual policy, its liability will
arise in respect of the annual policy for the period 1 January 2008 to 31
December 2008. The wording of the annual policy in each year has been more or
less identical.

3 AHA also issued a workmen’s compensation policy but only in respect of REL’s
liability specifically and not in respect of that of other companies in the
Group. This policy (“the project policy”) was issued on 3 March 2006 and was
to be effective until 2 June 2008 plus a “maintenance period” of 12 months.
The policy covered REL’s workmen’s compensation liability arising in
connection with a specific project to construct petroleum storage and terminal
facilities on Jurong Island (“the project”) in which REL was the main
contractor employed by Universal Terminal (S) Pte Ltd (“UT”).

The accident and the claim

4 On 29 November 2008, one Ganesan a/l Subramaniam (“the claimant”), who was a
crane and hoist operator employed by REL, was injured in an accident while
working on the project. On 23 December 2008, the claimant applied to the
Commissioner of Labour for compensation under the Work Injury Compensation Act
(Cap 354).

5 Based on an initial assessment by the National University Hospital, the
Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) served a notice of assessment on AHA requiring it
to pay the sum of $54,900 to the claimant. AHA objected to the notice of
assessment on the basis that it was only liable to pay 50% of the sum, and
that Lonpac was liable to pay the other 50% under the doctrine of double
insurance.

6 Having heard arguments from both parties, on 19 January 2011, the Assistant
Commissioner of Labour (“the Assistant Commissioner”) ordered Lonpac and AHA
to each pay 50% of the compensation sum assessed by MOM to the claimant in
full and final settlement of his claim. The Assistant Commissioner rejected
Lonpac’s application to adduce oral and other evidence to show that the
claimant was not covered by the annual policy. Lonpac was dissatisfied with
this decision and therefore lodged an appeal by way of the present
proceedings.

These proceedings

7 By the originating summons herein, Lonpac has applied for an order that the
decision of the Assistant Commissioner made on 19 January 2011 (“the
Decision”) ordering that Lonpac and AHA each pay the claimant the sum of
$27,450 as compensation in Workmen’s Compensation Claim Case No 0825361E
(LCH3) be set aside or revised. The originating summons also states that the
following substantial questions of law have arisen in this matter _viz_ :

(a) Whether the Assistant Commissioner had erred in disallowing the admission
of extrinsic evidence; and

(b) Whether the Assistant Commissioner had erred in finding that Lonpac and
AHA were each liable to pay $27,450 to the claimant.

8 As an aside, I understand that this dispute has not held up payment to the
claimant and that he has in fact received the full amount due to him.

9 It was not disputed below and is not disputed before this court that:

(a) The claimant was an employee of REL working on the project when he was
injured;

(b) The claimant was injured in the course of his employment with REL;

(c) The sum payable to the claimant was $54,900 as specified in the notice of
assessment; and

(d) AHA is liable under the project policy to pay compensation to the
claimant.

Discussion

10 An insurer has the right to claim contribution from another insurer in a
case of double insurance _i.e._ the risk insured and the person insuring are
the same (Poh Chu Chai, _Principles of Insurance Law_ (LexisNexis, 6th ed.,
2005 at p 1244). This appeal therefore hangs on whether the annual policy also
covers the risk triggering the application of the project policy in this case
_ie_ the risk of injury to the claimant, as REL’s employee, in the course of
the project (“the Risk”). Although the class of insured under the annual
policy is wider than the insured under the project policy – the former being
the Group as a whole whereas the latter is only REL – as far as the Risk is
concerned, the person insuring is the same.

11 As stated above, the primary issue is whether the annual policy also covers
the claimant’s claim, thereby triggering the doctrine of double insurance and
rendering Lonpac liable to pay half of the compensation amount. This is a
question of construction of the annual policy and the main dispute is whether
extrinsic evidence can be admitted to aid the court in its task of construing
the annual policy. The Assistant Commissioner treated the issue of
construction as being separate from the issue of the adduction of oral
evidence and both parties’ written submissions proceed on the same basis. It
appears to me, however, that the second issue (_ie_ , whether extrinsic
evidence is admissible to construe the policies) is necessarily a subsidiary
issue of the first (_ie_ , the proper construction of the annual policy). If
extrinsic evidence is admissible to construe the annual policy, it must be
taken into account to reach a proper construction of the annual policy – it
does not seem sensible to reach a conclusion on the proper construction of the
annual policy before answering the question of whether extrinsic evidence is
admissible to construe the annual policy.

12 As a starting point, a plain reading of the terms of the annual policy does
suggest that it insures against the Risk. The annual policy is drafted very
widely, in particular:

(a) The “Business/Profession” covered includes “Engineering Construction Works
in the field of (1) Civil and Structural Works (2) Buildings (including piling
works) (3) Electrical, Engineering & Scaffolding Works (4) Mechanical Piping
and Related Works (5) Engineering, Construction, Installation, Consultants,
Designers and Builders (6) Integrated Maintenance and Repair Services”;

(b) The “Place/Places of Employment” covered is defined as “At the above
address [_ie_ , 61 Jurong Island Highway, Singapore 627860] and _anywhere in
Singapore_ as governed by the Workmen’s Compensation Act” [emphasis added];
and

(c) The categories of employees for the purposes of calculating the Total
Estimated Annual Earnings are (i) “Managers/Management Staff”; (ii) “Clerical
Staff” and (iii) “ _all other employees_ ” [emphasis added]. It should be
noted that against each category of employee a figure was set out under the
rubric “Estimated Annual Wages, Salaries and other Earnings”. These figures
were as follows:

(i) On Managers/Management Staff S$11,737,779

(ii) On Clerical StaffS$814,863

(iii) On All Other EmployeesS$7,574,805

13 A plain reading of the annual policy therefore does suggest that it covers
the risk of injury being sustained by all employees of the various companies
within the Group, in whatever capacity they may be employed, including
employment for a specific project such as that undertaken for UT. There is
nothing on the face of the annual policy to suggest that it excludes the risk
of injury to employees engaged in specific projects. Indeed, Lonpac recognises
this in its submissions where it argues that “the cover provided by the two
policies were not intended to overlap although a plain reading of the said two
policies without any explanation may suggest so”.

14 Nevertheless, this is not automatically fatal to Lonpac’s position.
Although there is a presumption that words in an insurance policy, as with any
other contract, should be construed in their ordinary sense (_MacGillivray on
Insurance Law_ (11th ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2008) (“ _MacGillivray_ ”) at
11-006), this presumption may be rebutted if it can be shown that the context
in which they appear indicates that the parties to the contract cannot have
intended them to be read in their usual sense (MacGillivray at 11-017).

15 Lonpac’s case is that the term “all other employees” did not mean precisely
that because the figures under “Estimated Annual Wages, Salaries and Other
Earnings” did not reflect all the earnings of all employees who could
conceivably be covered by the term and that this was deliberately arranged by
REL which had or was taking out specific insurance to cover its project
employees. It argues the term “all other employees” should therefore be read
as only referring to those employees whose estimated earnings comprised the
$7,574,805 reflected in the column next to the term.

16 Before the Assistant Commissioner, Lonpac seems to have presented its case
on the basis that the project policy covered the Risk “more specifically” than
the annual policy did. Differing levels of specificity are, however,
irrelevant to the question of whether there is double insurance: it is
perfectly possible for a more general policy and a more specific policy to
both cover the same risk if the risk falls within the more specific policy, as
it does here. What is crucial is not different levels of specificity of the
policies but whether the classes of employees covered under the two policies
are mutually exclusive. In this case, that means that the annual policy and
the project policy must cover different categories of employees. Lonpac’s
submissions on appeal come closer to this: it argues that the annual policy
covers the “general employees of the company” whereas the project policy
covers “employees involved in the Project works”. Nothing in the annual
policy, however, indicates this scope apart from the quantum of estimated
earnings. In order to show the full context of the annual policy, therefore,
Lonpac would have to rely on extrinsic evidence.

17 Lonpac seeks to adduce evidence to prove _inter alia_ that:

(a) It was the practice of the Group to take up an Annual Work Injury
Compensation Policy (of which the annual policy here was one) for the “general
business” of the whole group; but as and when members of the Group secure
specific projects, the particular member company would take up a separate and
more specific Work Injury Compensation Policy in respect of that specific
project (like the project policy here);

(b) The annual policy was therefore intended to indemnify against claims from
the general employees of the company whereas the project policy was intended
to indemnify against claims by the employees employed in the Project Works;

(c) The premium paid for the annual policy was calculated based on the actual
annual salary disbursed by the respective members of the Group to their
general employees for that particular year. It did not include the salaries
paid by any of the members for project employees;

(d) The management of REL did not declare the wages of those employees who
were employed in the project when the Group purchased annual workmen’s
compensation policies for the years 2006, 2007 and 2008. This was because REL
had obtained and paid for the project policy and did not want to take out
double insurance or pay double premiums. The premium paid for the project
policy was based on the estimated wages of all employees working on the
project for UT.

18 Lonpac seeks to adduce this evidence in the form of affidavits from
employees of the Group and its insurance broker.

19 The Assistant Commissioner found that such extrinsic evidence was
inadmissible because the terms of the annual policy were complete and
unambiguous on their face, and “there was no need to risk rendering unclear
that which was unclear” (at [30] of the Decision). AHA has made similar
submissions in this appeal. Lonpac on the other hand argues that the parol
evidence rule is only relevant as between the contracting parties \- since the
Group agrees with its position, AHA as a third party cannot rely on the parol
evidence rule to exclude evidence that would support an interpretation of the
annual policy as agreed upon by the contracting parties.

Analysis

20 The admission of extrinsic evidence to vary, contradict or add to the terms
of a contract is governed by the Evidence Act (Cap 97, Rev Ed 1997) (“the
Act”). The relevant provisions are ss 93 and 94 which read as follows:

**Evidence of terms of contracts, grants and other dispositions of property
reduced to form of document**

93\. When the terms of a contract or of a grant or of any other disposition of
property have been reduced by or by consent of the parties to the form of a
document, and in all cases in which any matter is required by law to be
reduced to the form of a document, no evidence shall be given in proof of the
terms of such contract, grant or other disposition of property or of such
matter except the document itself, or secondary evidence of its contents in
cases in which secondary evidence is admissible under the provisions of this
Act.

_..._

**Exclusion of evidence of oral agreement**

94\. When the terms of any such contract, grant or other disposition of
property, or any matter required by law to be reduced to the form of a
document, have been proved according to section 93, no evidence of any oral
agreement or statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such
instrument or their representatives in interest for the purpose of
contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to
the following provisions: ...

21 The question that arises in relation to these sections is whether they mean
that the parol evidence rule, as Lonpac argues, applies only between
contracting parties. In this regard, there is a difference between s 93 and s
94. This difference was discussed by Andrew Phang JC (as he then was) in
_China Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Liberty Insurance Pte Ltd_ [2005] 2
SLR(R) 509 (“ _China Insurance_ ”). Phang JC recognised that while s 94
expressly applies only “as between the parties to any such instrument”, _the
parol evidence rule as embodied in_ _s 93 of the Evidence Act still applies
where third parties are concerned_ (_China Insurance_ at [31], [32] and [34]).
This same reasoning was employed by the Assistant Commissioner at [23] of the
Decision.

22 The observation quoted above, however, does not help us when establishing
whether a third party can invoke the parol evidence rule to exclude extrinsic
evidence. On its terms, s 93 is about proving the terms of a contract which
has been put into documentary form. Section 93 bars the proof of the terms of
a document otherwise than by the production of the document itself. It is s 94
that addresses the question of how, having proven the terms of a written
document, these terms are to be construed.

23 There is no issue in this case of proving the terms of the annual policy –
there is no dispute that the terms of the annual policy are as provided in the
written document. The issue is about how to _construe_ these terms. Therefore,
the proposition that the parol evidence rule as embodied in s 93 applies does
not really assist in this case or in any case where the construction rather
than the proof of terms of a document is in issue.

24 Lonpac relies on _China Insurance_ in support of its submission that
extrinsic evidence should be admitted. The facts of _China Insurance_ are
similar to those of this case: the insured in _China Insurance_ took out two
Workmen’s Compensation Policies. There was strong extrinsic evidence that the
insured had taken out the second policy only because they were informed by
their insurance broker that their first policy _did not_ cover liability to
workmen injured while onboard a vessel. Phang JC found that there was no
double insurance because the two policies covered different risks. In the
course of his judgment at [31], he observed that s 94 was irrelevant where
third parties were concerned:

Although a plain construction of the documentary evidence alone adequately
supports the defendant’s case, the affidavit evidence referred to at [20],
[27] and [28] above conclusively determined, in my view, the case in the
defendant’s favour as it was relevant, admissible and persuasive. Further,
even assuming that a comparison of the policies alone was insufficient to
determine the case in the defendant’s favour, the admission of the affidavit
evidence would have clearly done so. This is why, as already noted, counsel
for the plaintiff was at pains to argue that such evidence ought to be
excluded as extrinsic evidence under the parol evidence rule in general, and s
94 of the Evidence Act in particular. Section 94 of the Evidence Act, however,
did not apply to the fact situation here. The phrase “as between the parties”
in s 94 clearly precluded its application to the present fact situation. That
this is so is acknowledged in all the leading textbooks: see, for example,
_Sarkar’s Law of Evidence_ , (Wadhwa and Company, 15th Ed, 1999), vol 1 at pp
1273, 1309-1312 as well as 1319, and _Sir John Woodroffe & Syed Amir Ali’s Law
of Evidence_ (LexisNexis Butterworths, 17th Ed, 2002), vol 3 at pp 3230,
3247-3248, 3333-3334, 3339-3340 and 3381-3382. Indeed, a literal, albeit
reasonable, reading of s 94 itself will demonstrate amply that the provision
does not apply to fact situations such as the present where both parties are
essentially strangers to each other’s contracts/policies.

25 AHA attempts to limit the significance of _China Insurance_ on the basis
that the Court of Appeal in _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich_ ”)
recognised that the remarks of Phang JC with regards to the admissibility of
extrinsic evidence were merely obiter because he was able to find, on a plain
construction of the two policies, that they covered different risks. The
Assistant Commissioner made the same observation in the Decision at [24]. In
my view, it is, however, wrong to suggest that the Court of Appeal in _Zurich_
confined _China Insurance_ to its facts. Although it is true that the Court of
Appeal in _Zurich_ at [96] recognised that the remarks of Phang JC on the
admissibility of extrinsic evidence were obiter, it went on in the same
paragraph to state: “ _Be that as it may, they do shed further light on the
position in Singapore vis-à-vis the use of extrinsic evidence to interpret a
written contract_ [emphasis added]”. The Court of Appeal then went on to
affirm (in Zurich at [97]) the significance of _China Insurance_ as “add[ing]
to the growing body of local case law adopting the contextual approach to
contractual interpretation while affirming, at the same time, the continued
existence of the parol evidence rule (as statutorily embedded in the Evidence
Act)”. Whilst _Zurich_ deals, in some detail, with the circumstances in which
extrinsic evidence is admissible to explain a contractual term, most of such
discussion is not relevant to this case as it relates to the situation in
which s 94 is applicable.

26 It can also be seen from the extract of the _China Insurance_ quoted above
that the restricted application of s 94 to the parties to the particular
contract to be construed is well established and accepted by leading textbook
writers on the law of evidence as it applies in India from whose Evidence Act
our own Act is derived. It therefore appears to me that there is no legal
restriction on the admission of oral evidence to explain or even vary or
contradict the written terms of a contract when the issue is between persons
who are essentially strangers to the contract. In this case, AHA is a stranger
to the contract/policy which Lonpac had with REL. There is nothing therefore
to stop Lonpac from introducing extrinsic evidence to explain what risks that
policy was intended, as between Lonpac and REL, to cover. In _China Insurance_
, Phang JC did not need to look at the extrinsic evidence because the
construction of the two policies showed that they covered different risks. In
this case, the two policies appear to cover the same risks. If extrinsic
evidence is not admitted, Lonpac will have to contribute to the loss.
Admitting the extrinsic evidence will give Lonpac a chance to show exactly
what its policy was intended to cover. If the extrinsic evidence admitted is
sufficient to show that the annul policy was not intended to cover employees
working on projects like that for UT, then Lonpac will escape such liability.

27 It is not my role at this stage to decide what effect the extrinsic
evidence to be produced by Lonpac will have on the construction of the policy.
That will be a decision for the Assistant Commissioner. All I decide was that
it was not correct for the Assistant Commissioner to have shut out the
adduction of extrinsic evidence when undertaking the task of construing the
annual policy.

Conclusion

28 For the reasons given above, I set aside the Decision and remit the matter
back to the Commissioner of Labour for re-hearing and consideration of any
extrinsic evidence which Lonpac, and maybe AHA as well, may wish to introduce.
The costs of this OS must be borne by AHA. If parties are agreeable, I am
willing to see them and fix the costs after hearing short submissions on
quantum. Otherwise, Lonpac’s costs shall be taxed in the normal fashion.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

