Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd _v_ Lui Andrew Stewart  
[2011] SGHC 266

Case Number| :| Suit No 847 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Aqbal Singh s/o Kuldip Singh (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the
plaintiff; Wong Siew Hong and Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd — Lui Andrew Stewart  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 145 of
2011 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 31 July 2012. See [2012] SGCA
39.]

16 December 2011|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This is an action by Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd (“Smile”) against its
former employee, Dr Andrew Stewart Lui (“Dr Lui”), for breaches of express and
implied terms of Dr Lui’s employment contract.

2 As a result of an agreement between the parties on a reduced list of issues,
only two persons gave evidence for Smile: Dr Ernest Rex Tan Sek Ho (“Dr Tan”)
and his wife Chong Mo-Ai Grace (“Ms Chong”). Dr Lui elected to make a
submission of no case to answer after the close of the case for Smile and not
to adduce any evidence for his case.

3 After considering submissions, I dismissed the action by Smile with costs to
be paid to Dr Lui. Smile has filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal.

4 The facts or allegations I set out below come mainly from Dr Tan.

Background

5 Smile was incorporated in Singapore in March 1997 by Dr Tan and Ms Chong.
Since inception, Dr Tan and Ms Chong have been equal shareholders in, and the
only directors of, Smile. Dr Tan is a practising dentist and is also a
specialist prosthodontist certified by the Singapore Dental Council.
Prosthodontics is a dental specialisation in reconstructive and cosmetic
dentistry. Ms Chong is not a practising dentist. She is the Managing Director
of Smile.

6 Smile opened its first dental clinic in a shopping mall known as “Suntec
City” (“the Suntec Clinic”) in October 1997. It was the first dental clinic in
Singapore to provide a procedure known as “Britesmile Laser Teeth Whitening”.
Dr Tan explained that this procedure was the first technology (back in 1997)
which enabled patients to whiten their teeth in one sitting in one hour on the
dentist’s chair[note: 1]. Dr Tan bought the rights of distributorship for this
procedure for the whole of Asia and brought the first machine for this
procedure in Asia back to Singapore in 1997.

7 Smile opened its second dental clinic at “Forum the Shopping Mall” (“the
Forum Clinic”) in September 1998 after securing a covenant from the landlord,
Hermill Investments Pte Ltd (“Hermill”), that the Forum Clinic would be the
only dental clinic in the shopping mall. The Forum Clinic was the “first and
only full-fledged children and family-themed dental practice in Singapore”
(see para 26 of Dr Tan’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”)). This was in
line with Hermill’s positioning of the Forum shopping mall as a children-
themed mall.

8 The Suntec Clinic was located within the central business district while the
Forum Clinic was located along Orchard Road, which is the main shopping belt
in Singapore. Dr Tan stated (at para 41 of his AEIC) that Smile’s “Forum
Clinic clientele comprises mainly locals/expatriates/tourists who are of the
upper middle to high income families that reside around or frequent the
Orchard and Tanglin vicinity”.

9 Dr Lui is an Australian citizen. In 2003, he approached Smile to explore the
possibility of employment with the latter. He informed Dr Tan and Ms Chong
that he was dissatisfied with his then employment as an associate dentist at a
dental practice in Great World City due to its lack of “profile and
visibility”. His remuneration with that practice was contingent on the number
of patients he treated. He complained that that practice did not attract
sufficient patients to make it worth his while to remain employed there.

10 Dr Tan and Ms Chong were impressed with Dr Lui. They felt that “he had the
personality, skills and aptitude to relate to patients”, and he struck them as
a dentist with “good chair-side manners” (see para 35 of Dr Tan’s AEIC).

11 Dr Lui had several discussions with Smile about his employment prospects.
During this time, Dr Lui held an Employment Pass and was living in a rented
apartment. Dr Lui informed Dr Tan and Ms Chong that his mother was living in
Melbourne, Australia, and that he eventually planned to return to Melbourne to
look after her (see para 36 of Dr Tan’s AEIC). He claimed that he had no plans
to apply for Permanent Resident status as he did not intend to settle down in
Singapore for the long run.

12 In one of the discussions, Dr Lui asked whether Smile was looking for a
partner or an associate dentist. Dr Tan and Ms Chong replied that they were
only looking for an associate dentist, and Dr Lui indicated his agreement to
this.

13 Initially, the draft employment contract stipulated that Dr Lui’s minimum
term of employment was five years. Dr Lui managed to get this reduced to three
years. According to Dr Tan and Ms Chong, Dr Lui gave them the impression that
he would only stay and practise in Singapore for a short term. As such, it was
“completely inconceivable” to them when the contract was entered into that Dr
Lui “would seek to practice elsewhere in Singapore” after his employment with
Smile ended (see para 39 of Dr Tan’s AEIC). They believed that he would return
to Australia to practise.

14 The employment contract was signed by the parties on 31 July 2003 (“the
Contract”). Clause 7 of the Contract provided that Dr Lui’s remuneration as an
“associate dental surgeon” was to be 40% of the net professional fees
collected each month. Dr Lui commenced work with Smile on 1 September 2003. In
his first two years of working for Smile, Dr Lui practiced both in the Suntec
Clinic and the Forum Clinic. However, with effect from July 2005 Dr Lui was
assigned by Smile to work full-time at the Forum Clinic.

15 Smile set up a third clinic at One Raffles Quay (“the ORQ Clinic”) in 2005.

16 Dr Tan stated (at para 47 of his AEIC) that, at the end of 2004, the
Ministry of Health (“the MOH”) relaxed the advertising guidelines for the
medical and dental professions. Smile subsequently embarked on a substantial
advertising and marketing effort to increase the awareness and profile of its
brand name as well as the profile of the Forum Clinic.

17 A “large light box signage” was erected on the external facade of the Forum
shopping mall facing Cuscaden Road from 9 February 2007 to 8 September 2010 in
order to raise awareness of the Forum Clinic in the area.

18 From October 2007 to August 2008, Smile ran a series of advertisements in
“Motherhood Magazine” that specifically promoted the Forum Clinic and the
dentists practicing there, including Dr Lui. Smile also ran a series of
“Question and Answer” articles in “Motherhood Magazine” and “Ma Ma Bao Bei” (a
Mandarin-language child and family magazine) to increase the profile of its
individual dentists, including Dr Lui. For instance, Dr Lui was featured in
the October 2007 and February 2008 issues of “Motherhood Magazine”, and the
December 2008 issue of “Ma Ma Bao Bei”.

19 On 7 January 2009, Dr Lui incorporated Dental Essence Pte Ltd (“Dental
Essence”) and was the sole director and shareholder thereof while he was still
employed by Smile. On or about 25 February 2009, Dr Lui entered into a one-
year tenancy agreement for premises at 127 Tanglin Road, Tudor Court,
Singapore 247922 (“Tudor Court”) on behalf of Dental Essence. This location
was within five minutes’ walk from the Forum Clinic. On the same day (_ie_ ,
25 February 2009), Dr Lui also gave written notice of his resignation to
Smile. Despite the three months’ notice period which Dr Lui was obliged to
give to Smile pursuant to Clause 20 of the Contract, Smile agreed on 31 March
2009 that Dr Lui’s last day of work with Smile would be 18 April 2009. On 14
May 2009, Dental Essence obtained a licence from the MOH to operate a dental
clinic, and it began operations the next day, _ie_ , 15 May 2009.

20 According to Dr Tan, sometime in March 2009 Dr Lui committed to renovation
works of Dental Essence’s premises amounting to about $60,000[note: 2]. On 19
March 2009, Dr Gareth Pearson (“Dr Pearson”), a former employee of Smile,
joined Dental Essence as a shareholder and a dentist. About one year earlier,
in March 2008, Dr Pearson had given Smile six months’ notice that he intended
to stop working in September 2008 for an indefinite period because he was
leaving Singapore. Dr Pearson was a part-time dentist employed by Smile and
was based primarily at the Forum Clinic. Dr Lui and Dr Pearson together
accounted for 80% of the Forum Clinic’s patient pool[note: 3].

21 After Dr Lui’s departure from the Forum Clinic, the Forum Clinic
experienced a decrease in monthly revenue. Although the clinic’s monthly
revenue was about $116,000 in April 2009 (which was the month in which Dr Lui
left Smile’s employment), this dropped to about $52,000 by September 2009.
This was a drop of about 55%. On 8 October 2009, Smile commenced this action
against Dr Lui. By this time, Smile had received requests from numerous
patients for their dental records. It later found out that many of these
patients became patients of Dental Essence.

22 The monthly revenue of the Forum Clinic continued to dwindle, and Smile
eventually closed the Forum Clinic on 15 September 2010, which was the same
day when the Forum Clinic’s licence expired.

23 In January 2011, this action was bifurcated upon application by Dr Lui.

The case for Smile

24 Smile relied on two broad categories of causes of action. First, Smile
alleged that Dr Lui had breached various express provisions in the Contract
which restricted Dr Lui from undertaking certain activities.

25 Secondly, Smile also alleged that Dr Lui had breached implied terms of the
Contract which provided that Dr Lui owed certain implied duties.

26 As regards the express provisions, Smile’s first allegation (at paras 21
and 22 of its Statement of Claim (Amendment No 2) (“the SOC (No 2)”)) was that
Dr Lui had breached Clause 24 of the Contract because the latter was
practising as a dentist at Dental Essence’s clinic at Tudor Court, which was
within three kilometres of Smile’s Forum Clinic. Clause 24 of the Contract was
as follows:

24\. In the event that Dr. Lui leaves (whether resignation or dismissal) The
Practice, Dr. Lui shall not practice within a 3 kilometre radius distance from
the Smile Inc. Dental Surgeons practices at Suntec City Mall and from Forum
The Shopping Mall, and a 3 kilometre radius from any other new Smile Inc.
Dental Surgeons practices that have been set up before and during his
cessation of work at The Practice.

For convenience, I will refer to Clause 24 as the “Radial Clause”. There was
no time limit in this clause.

27 Smile’s second allegation (at paras 23 to 26 of the SOC (No 2)) was that Dr
Lui had breached Clause 23 and/or Clause 25 of the Contract by, _inter alia_ ,
conducting consultations with, examining and/or treating Smile’s patients
after he left Smile’s employment. After discovery, Smile found out that 716
patients of Dental Essence were treated by Dr Lui on at least one occasion
while he was employed by Smile at the Forum Clinic. However, it was not clear
when all the 716 patients eventually migrated to Dental Essence.

28 Clauses 23 and 25 of the Contract were as follows:

23\. Upon leaving The Practice, Dr. Lui will not seek to damage or injure The
Practice’s reputation or to canvass, solicit or procure any of The Practice’s
patients for himself or any other persons.

...

25\. In the event that Dr. Lui leaves (whether resignation or dismissal) The
Practice, existing and new corporate and non-corporate contracts, as well as
existing and new patients, shall remain with The Practice. Patient data and
records, office data and records and computer software programmes and data
shall remain the property of The Practice, and such records, in full or in
part, shall not be copied manually, electronically or otherwise be removed
from the Practice.

For convenience, I will refer to Clauses 23 and 25 as “the Non-Solicitation
Clause” and “the Non-Dealing Clause” respectively. Both clauses did not
contain any time limit or geographical limit.

29 As regards the implied terms and duties, Smile relied on the following
implied terms:

(a) Dr Lui owed a duty of good faith and fidelity to Smile;

(b) Dr Lui owed a duty to act honestly and with reasonable diligence in the
discharge of his duties;

(c) Dr Lui owed a duty to act in good faith and in the best interests of
Smile;

(d) Dr Lui owed a duty not to act so as to place himself in a position in
which his personal interests would or did conflict with those of Smile; and

(e) Dr Lui owed a duty to disclose his interest in any transactions involving
Smile.

30 Smile claimed that these implied duties were breached by Dr Lui by reason
of the following acts or omissions while he was still employed by Smile:

(a) Dr Lui incorporated Dental Essence on 7 January 2009;

(b) Dr Lui, for and on behalf of Dental Essence, signed a tenancy agreement
for the premises of Dental Essence in Tudor Court on 25 February 2009;

(c) Dr Lui fitted out the said premises of Dental Essence;

(d) Dr Lui had discussions/negotiations with Dr Pearson which resulted in Dr
Pearson becoming a shareholder and director of Dental Essence, with a view to
Dr Pearson working as a dentist at Dental Essence;

(e) Dr Lui applied for a licence from the MOH to practice dentistry with
Dental Essence;

(f) Dr Lui failed to inform Smile of all or any of the foregoing matters; and

(g) Dr Lui failed to obtain Smile’s consent to the setting up of Dental
Essence.

I noted that, in the SOC (No 2), Smile relied on the facts pleaded in support
of the alleged breaches of the Radial Clause, Non-Solicitation Clause and Non-
Dealing Clause (see [26]–[27] above) as also constituting breaches of the said
implied terms (see para 27(1) of the SOC (No 2)). However, in its revised
opening statement Smile did not mention these facts as a further basis for the
alleged breach of Dr Lui’s implied duties (see para 10 of Schedule “B” to
Smile’s Supplemental (Revised) Opening Statement filed on 20 September 2011).

31 The substantive remedies which Smile claimed were as follows[note: 4]:

(a) damages, including damages pursuant to Clause 18 of the Contract; and
alternatively

(b) an account of profits.

32 For completeness, I would mention that Smile’s pleadings originally
contained prayers for the following reliefs:

(a) An injunction restraining Dr Lui from practising at Tudor Court and
elsewhere within three kilometres from the Suntec Clinic, the Forum Clinic and
the ORQ Clinic; and

(b) An injunction restraining Dr Lui from dealing with Smile’s patients
(whether by conducting consultations with, examining and/or treating Smile’s
patients).

Smile was no longer seeking the said injunctions in the SOC (No 2).

33 I should also mention that the SOC (No 2) contained a separate claim (at
paras 17 and 18) for breaches of Clauses 14 and/or 16 of the Contract by
reason of the fact that Dr Lui became a director and shareholder of Dental
Essence on 7 January 2009, which was when he was still an employee of Smile.
However, this claim was not pursued any further and it was not mentioned in
Smile’s revised opening statement or its closing submissions. Accordingly, I
need not say any more about Clauses 14 and 16 of the Contract.

Dr Lui’s submission of no case to answer

34 As mentioned above, Dr Lui elected to make a submission of no case to
answer and not to call any evidence at the close of the case for Smile. This
was on 26 September 2011. The principles governing the effect of such a
submission are well-established and can be summarised as follows:

(a) The result of an election by Dr Lui to make a submission of no case to
answer is that the court is left with only Smile’s version of the story. If
there is some _prima facie_ evidence (_ie_ , evidence which is not
unsatisfactory and not unreliable) that supports the essential elements of
Smile’s claim, the court should accept such evidence: see _Bansal Hemant
Govindprasad and another v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 33 (“
_Govindprasad_ ”) at [10], [11] and [16].

(b) Even if there is some _prima facie_ evidence that supports the essential
elements of Smile’s claim (_ie_ , if limb (a) has been satisfied), the court
must still consider whether that claim has been established _in law_ : see
_Govindprasad_ at [11].

35 I should elaborate that Dr Lui’s election did not mean that I was obliged
to accept every allegation by Smile. For example, if Dr Tan gave evidence on a
disputed conversation between Dr Lui and himself, then in the absence of
evidence from Dr Lui, I should accept Dr Tan’s evidence unless his evidence
was itself unsatisfactory or unreliable. The disputed conversation would be a
matter within the personal knowledge of Dr Tan and Dr Lui. However, if Dr Tan
gave evidence on an allegation pertaining to his own intention which was not
disclosed to Dr Lui, then the absence of evidence from Dr Lui on this point
was neutral since he would have had no personal knowledge of that intention.
In a third example, if Dr Tan gave his personal opinion on what a provision in
the Contract meant, the absence of any opinion by way of evidence from Dr Lui
was again neutral. Dr Tan’s opinion would not be an expert opinion. Dr Lui
would still be entitled to advance his case on the interpretation of that
provision through submissions from his counsel.

36 Counsel for Smile was Mr Aqbal Singh (“Mr Singh”). The lead counsel for Dr
Lui was Mr Wong Siew Hong (“Mr Wong”).

The issues before the court

37 As regards the express provisions, the main issues before me concerned the
Radial Clause, the Non-Solicitation Clause and the Non-Dealing Clause
(collectively, “the Restrictive Covenants”). They required the following
questions to be considered:

(a) What was the correct interpretation of each of the Restrictive Covenants;

(b) Whether Dr Lui had breached any of the Restrictive Covenants; and

(c) If so, whether the Restrictive Covenant which was breached was void as
being contrary to the public policy against covenants in restraint of trade.

38 The issue concerning the alleged implied terms of the Contract required the
following questions to be considered:

(a) Whether the terms which were pleaded by Smile should be implied into the
Contract; and

(b) If the terms should be implied into the Contract, whether Dr Lui had
breached any of those terms by reason of the pleaded acts.

Issue 1: The Restrictive Covenants

The principles governing the interpretation of the Restrictive Covenants

39 In _Clarke v Newland_ [1991] 1 All ER 397 at 402F–G, Neill LJ summarised
the applicable principles of interpretation on this area of the law:

(a) The question of construction should be approached in the first instance
without regard to the question of legality or illegality;

(b) The clause should be construed with reference to the object sought to be
obtained; and

(c) The clause should be construed in its context and in the light of the
factual matrix at the time when the agreement was made.

40 The second and third principles are trite law, and it is really only the
first principle which is material for present purposes: that the same
principles are to be applied to the construction of a clause which is impugned
on the ground of being an unlawful restraint of trade as in the construction
of any other written term (see also _Beckett Investment Management Group Ltd v
Hall_ [2007] EWCA Civ 613 at [11]). This is the more accurate interpretation
of the following statement of Salmon LJ in _Home Counties Dairies Ltd and
another v_ _Skilton and another_ [1970] 1 WLR 526 (“ _Home Counties_ ”) at
536C:

If a clause is valid in all ordinary circumstances which can have been
contemplated by the parties, _it is equally valid_ _notwithstanding that it
might cover circumstances which are so “extravagant,” fantastical,” “unlikely
or improbable”_ that they must have been entirely outside the contemplation of
the parties.

[emphasis added]

This statement was quoted with approval by GP Selvam J in _Heller Factoring_
_(Singapore) Ltd v Ng Tong Yang_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 495 (“ _Heller Factoring_ ”)
at [15(a)]. Salmon LJ’s remarks should not be read literally, because it is
clear from the other sections of his judgment that he was merely reiterating
that if some circumstances “must have been entirely outside the contemplation
of the parties”, then they would not constitute part of the legal meaning of
the clause and would, therefore, be legally irrelevant: see, for instance,
_Home Counties_ at 535D–H. This understanding of _Home Counties_ is in fact
implicit in _National Aerated Water Co Pte Ltd v Monarch Co, Inc_ [2000] 1
SLR(R) 74 at [37]–[38], and in _Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd_ _(formerly known as
E D & F Man International (S) Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1
SLR(R) 663 (“ _Man Financial_ ”) at [141].

Whether Dr Lui was in breach of the Restrictive Covenants

The Radial Clause

41 The first part of the Radial Clause (see [26] above) plainly prohibited Dr
Lui from practising within three kilometres from the Suntec Clinic and the
Forum Clinic. The only conduct of Dr Lui complained of in respect of this
clause was the fact that he was practising as a dentist at Tudor Court, which
was well within three kilometres from the Forum Clinic. This was admitted in
Dr Lui’s pleadings (see para 16 of the Defence (Amendment No 2)). I therefore
find that Dr Lui was in breach of the Radial Clause.

42 The part of the Radial Clause which referred to “any other new ...
practices that have been set up before and during his cessation of work” was
ambiguous. However, it was unnecessary to consider this phrase because this
part of the Radial Clause was not in issue: the Forum Clinic existed at the
time the Contract was entered into. Even if this second part of the clause was
unreasonable in reference to the interests of the parties and/or the interests
of the public, it could be severed without affecting the first part of the
clause.

The Non-Solicitation Clause

43 As noted earlier (see [27] above), Smile claimed that Dr Lui had breached
the Non-Solicitation Clause because he had, _inter alia_ , conducted
consultations with, examined and/or treated 716 patients at Dental Essence who
had previously been patients of Smile. For convenience, I will refer to the
activities of conducting consultations, examinations and/or the treatment of
patients simply as the treatment of patients. This was the only act pleaded in
support of this claim. While the use of the words “ _inter alia_ ” might have
allowed Smile to refer to some other act of Dr Lui done within the treatment
room of Dental Essence, it did not allow Smile to refer to other acts done
outside.

44 However, in his AEIC, Dr Tan stated (at para 121) that when Smile conducted
a “Google search” in January 2010 with the keywords “smileinc.com.sg” and
“smileinc”, Dental Essence and Dr Lui appeared at the top of the list of
search results. Dr Tan also stated (at para 123) that Dr Lui had disclosed
during discovery that the latter had placed advertisements on “Google Ad
Words” and “Yahoo”, which included purchases of the following keywords: “forum
dentist”, “forum the shopping mall”, “forum galleria dentist”, “forum shopping
centre dentist”, “dentist at forum shopping centre”, “dentist at forum
galleria” and “forum mall dentist”. This was presumably why the search in
January 2010 produced the results it did. Dr Tan believed that Dr Lui was
trying to capitalise on the reputation of Smile’s brand and in particular that
of the Forum Clinic. He was apparently relying on this conduct of Dr Lui as
evidence of solicitation.

45 Apart from the purchase of keywords on “Google Ad Words” and “Yahoo”, Dr
Tan also relied on a testimonial by one Carolyn Strover in the August 2009
issue of the magazine “Expat Living” as another example of solicitation by Dr
Lui.[note: 5]

46 As these two instances were not pleaded, I was of the view that Smile was
precluded from relying on them in addition to the sole reason it had pleaded.

47 As regards the sole reason for the allegation about the breach of the Non-
Solicitation Clause, I was of the view that the mere fact that Dr Lui was
treating patients at Dental Essence who had previously been patients of Smile
was insufficient to establish that he had sought to canvass, solicit or
procure them to be his patients at Dental Essence. There is a distinction
between solicitation and mere dealing.

48 In _Austin Knight (UK) Ltd v Hinds_ [1994] FSR 52 (“ _Austin Knight_ ”),
Vinelott J observed (at 58–59):

In her evidence in support of this application Miss Pickering lists five
former customers of AK(UK) whom, she says, were approached by Miss Hinds. Miss
Hinds’ evidence is that she was unemployed for two months after she had been
unexpectedly made redundant. _She telephoned her main customers with whom she
had dealt to tell them that she had been made redundant. She did not want them
to hear of her dismissal from others and possibly infer mistakenly that she
had been dismissed for misconduct or incompetence. At that time she had no
prospects of new employment and could not therefore be said to be soliciting
their custom_. They all had her home telephone number and later, when she
found a post with another company, operating in the same field, _they
approached her and asked whether she could continue to handle their accounts_.
She identifies two of the five customers instanced by Miss Pickering as
customers who approached her in this way, _two others are bodies, a Regional
Health Authority and a City Council, who are required by statute to invite
offers for work of this kind by tender, and her present employers were amongst
those invited to tender_. There is direct evidence from the two customers who
approached her direct which supports her evidence. Mr. Griffiths nonetheless
submitted that by submitting an offer or making a presentation to a former
customer, even one _who had approached her or her employers, or who put out
work for tender_ , amounted either to soliciting or endeavouring to entice
away the customer. That is not I think, comprehended in the usual meaning of
soliciting, and as regards endeavouring to entice a customer away, if Mr.
Griffiths' submission were well founded _the covenant would amount to a
covenant not to deal_ with customers of AK(UK), even customers with whom Miss
Hinds had never dealt while an employee of AK(UK) and with whose relationship
with AK(UK) she was wholly unaware.

[emphasis added]

49 True, it might have been logical to infer that not all the 716 patients had
simply come across the premises of Dental Essence by chance while walking in
the vicinity of Tudor Court. Some might have learned about Dental Essence from
other patients of Dental Essence or from advertisements of Dental Essence. A
third possibility might have been that Dr Lui had indeed directly approached
some of these patients to persuade them to use the services of Dental Essence.

50 If some of the patients had learned about Dental Essence from other
patients of Dental Essence, there was no breach of the Non-Solicitation
Clause.

51 If they had learned about Dental Essence from advertisements of Dental
Essence, it was incumbent on Smile to plead the advertisements in question and
how such advertisements breached the Non-Solicitation Clause. As mentioned
above, the two instances which Dr Tan sought to rely on in his AEIC were not
pleaded.

52 As for the last possibility, there was no allegation that Dr Lui had
directly approached some of these patients to persuade them to use the
services of Dental Essence.

53 I found that Dr Lui did not breach the Non-Solicitation Clause.

The Non-Dealing Clause

54 The alleged breach of the Non-Dealing Clause flowed from the same fact
which Smile relied upon in relation to the Non-Solicitation Clause (see [43]
above), _ie_ , that 716 patients of Dental Essence were previously patients of
Dr Lui at the Forum Clinic.

55 Dr Tan was of the view that this clause meant that if patients whom Dr Lui
had previously treated while working for Smile came to Dental Essence’s
clinic, Dr Lui was under an obligation to turn them away, _ie_ , to refuse to
accept and treat them as patients and to refer them back to Smile. He also
seemed to be of the view that the scope of this clause covered both persons
who were patients at the time of the termination of Dr Lui’s employment with
Smile, and persons who subsequently became patients of Smile. During cross-
examination, Dr Tan stated as follows[note: 6]:

Q:Dr Tan, is it your case that under clause 25, if _any_ patient were to come
to see Dr Lui, Dr Lui must first check with his patient, “ _Have you ever been
treated by Smile? If yes, I cannot treat you_ ”?

A:Yes.

Q:Where does it say so, Dr Tan?

A:“Existing and new patients”, the second line of clause 25, shall remain with
the practice. In my mind I think Dr Lui has a duty to refrain from treating
them, especially when it is five minutes walk away, and he has a duty to try
and persuade them to continue to seek treatment at Smile.

...

[emphasis added]

56 However, Mr Singh suggested that all that Smile had to establish on the
facts of this action was that Dr Lui was prohibited from treating any person
who was a patient of Smile at the time when he left its employment. [note: 7]

57 In the closing submissions for Smile, Mr Singh appeared to assume that the
meaning of the Non-Dealing Clause was clear in that it did preclude Dr Lui
from treating any person who was a patient of Smile (at the time when Dr Lui
left Smile).

58 On the other hand, Mr Wong submitted that the Non-Dealing Clause precluded
Dr Lui from dealing with the records of the patients and not the patients
themselves.

59 Mr Singh was relying on the phrase “as well as existing and new patients”
in the first sentence of the Non-Dealing Clause for his contention. Yet the
phrase before that referred to “existing and new corporate and non-corporate
_contracts_ ” [emphasis added]. The sentence after the first sentence also
referred to “Patient data and records, office data and records ...” which was
to remain the property of Smile.

60 The Non-Dealing Clause must be considered in totality. I have set it out at
[28] above.

61 I was inclined to the view that Mr Wong’s submission was persuasive. The
reference to “existing and new patients”, when considered in context, seemed
to have been a reference to the records of the patients, whether non-existing
or existing at the time when Dr Lui left Smile. The purpose of the first
sentence of the Non-Dealing Clause would then be to state that all patient
records were to remain physically with Smile. This was then emphasized in a
different manner in the second sentence by the statement that such data
remained the property of Smile and was not to be copied or removed from Smile.

62 Furthermore, Dr Tan’s opinion on the meaning of the clause was self-
serving. If there was any ambiguity in the interpretation of the clause, then
the _contra_ _proferentem_ rule might have meant that it should be construed
against the person who drafted the Contract. As that person would be someone
from Smile, that rule might then have meant that Mr Wong’s submission should
prevail.

63 However, I was precluded from accepting Mr Wong’s submission because of
para 11 of the Defence (Amendment No 2). In that paragraph, Dr Lui averred
that Clauses 24 and 25 (the latter being the Non-Dealing Clause) “are in form
and in substance restraint of trade clauses or restrictive covenants. The
Plaintiffs’ [_sic_] attempt to claim for protection from competition through
the inclusion of Clauses 24 and 25 ... are [_sic_] unjust and illegitimate.
Clauses 24 and 25 ... are onerous, oppressive, unreasonable and are void as
against public policy.”

64 This demonstrated that Dr Lui had, at the time of the relevant pleading,
accepted that the Non-Dealing Clause extended to the patients themselves and
was not confined merely to their records. Hence, the averment about restraint
of trade and public policy. Given that this averment had been made, it was
incumbent on Dr Lui to state clearly at some other point in his pleading that
this was merely an _alternative_ argument and that he _also_ took the position
that the scope of the Non-Dealing Clause did not extend to the patients
themselves. This was not done.

65 In the circumstances, I was obliged to adopt the interpretation advanced
for Smile and to conclude that Dr Lui did breach the Non-Dealing Clause.

Whether the Restrictive Covenants were void as being contrary to the public
policy against the restraint of trade

The applicable legal principles

66 In the leading Singapore case of _Man Financial_ (at [40] above), the Court
of Appeal stated the relevant legal principles in the following terms:

(a) The legal foundation and starting point is Lord Macnaghten’s statement in
_Thorsten Nordenfelt (Pauper) v The Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition
Company, Limited_ [1894] AC 535 (“ _Nordenfelt_ ”) at 565. The only
justification for a restraint of trade is if the restriction is _reasonable_ ,
_ie_ , in reference to the interests of the parties concerned and reasonable
in reference to the interests of the public. See _Man Financial_ at [70].

(b) There cannot be a bare and blatant restriction of the freedom to trade.
There must always be a legitimate proprietary interest, over and above the
mere protection of the employer from competition. The restrictive covenant
must not go further than what is necessary to protect the interest concerned.
See _Man Financial_ at [79].

67 _Man Financial_ also clarified the relationship between, on the one hand,
the twin tests of reasonableness enunciated by Lord Macnaghten in _Nordenfelt_
, and, on the other hand, the _legal_ requirement that there must be a
legitimate proprietary interest of the employer which was protected by the
restrictive covenant. When considering whether the maintenance of a stable and
trained workforce could, in principle, constitute a legitimate proprietary
interest, the court remarked (at [106], and further at [121] and [124]) that a
positive answer to that question would not _ipso facto_ render the restrictive
covenant valid (_ie_ , not void for being contrary to public policy), because
the relevant clause would still be subject to the twin tests of
reasonableness. In other words, the test is three-fold and all three limbs
have to be satisfied:

(a) Is there a legitimate proprietary interest to be protected?

(b) Is the restrictive covenant reasonable in reference to the interests of
the parties?

(c) Is the restrictive covenant reasonable in reference to the interests of
the public?

68 However, it is not entirely clear from _Man Financial_ whether there is a
distinction between, on the one hand, the test of whether the restrictive
covenant went “ _further than what is necessary_ to protect the interest
concerned” [emphasis added] (see [66(b)] above), and, on the other hand, the
twin tests of _reasonableness_ as laid down in _Nordenfelt_ (see [66(a)]
above). It appears from the case-law that the courts have not treated both as
being distinct (and cumulative) tests. In _Vancouver Malt and Sake Brewing
Company, Limited v_ _Vancouver Breweries, Limited_ [1934] AC 181, Lord
MacMillan stated (at 190):

... [S]o far as their Lordships are aware there is no case in the English Law
Reports, and certainly none was cited at the bar, in which a bare covenant not
to compete has been upheld. The covenants restrictive of competition which
have been sustained have all been ancillary to some main transaction,
contract, or arrangement, and have been found justified because they were
_reasonably necessary_ to render that transaction, contract or arrangement
effective...

[emphasis added]

69 Similarly, in _Herbert Morris, Limited v Saxelby_ [1916] AC 688 (“ _Herbert
Morris_ ”) Lord Parker stated (at 710):

In fact the reason, and the only reason, for upholding such a restraint on the
part of an employee is that the employer has some proprietary right, whether
in the nature of trade connection or in the nature of trade secrets, for the
protection of which such a restraint is—having regard to the duties of the
employee— _reasonably necessary_. ...

[emphasis added]

70 I was of the view that there is no substantive distinction between the two
formulations.

71 Finally, the crucial time for ascertaining whether or not the restrictive
covenant in question is in fact reasonable is the time at which the contract
is made: see _Man Financial_ at [72]. This means that the reasonableness of
the restriction must be judged in the light of facts and circumstances as they
were at that time, although the parties’ reasonable expectations as to what
might happen thereafter are also relevant: see also _TSC Europe (UK) Ltd v
Massey_ [1999] IRLR 22.

72 In the present case, it was not disputed that the Restrictive Covenants
were in fact covenants in restraint of trade. Yet, for reasons unknown to me,
para 11 of the Defence (Amendment No 2) challenged the validity only of the
Radial Clause and the Non-Dealing Clause but not that of the Non-Solicitation
Clause. This was apparently not an oversight as I recollected Mr Wong
informing me (perhaps while counsel were in chambers) that Dr Lui was
challenging only the scope of the Non-Solicitation Clause and was not
challenging its validity even if I were to agree with Smile on the scope of
that clause. Yet, surprisingly, Mr Wong’s closing submissions raised the issue
about the validity of the Non-Solicitation Clause together with the rest of
the Restrictive Covenants. It was too late for Mr Wong to do that.
Nevertheless, some of the views I express below on some aspects of the issue
of validity would in effect apply to all the Restrictive Covenants.

73 The doctrine of restraint of trade applies to render any provision in
restraint of trade _prima facie_ void. Accordingly, the questions which I had
to consider were as follows:

(a) whether Smile had a legitimate proprietary interest which was sought to be
protected by the Radial Clause and the Non-Dealing Clause;

(b) whether these Restrictive Covenants were reasonable in reference to the
interests of the parties; and

(c) whether these Restrictive Covenants were reasonable in reference to the
interests of the public.

Legitimate proprietary interest

74 As the court in _Man Financial_ affirmed (at [81]), there are two main
types of interests which have been categorised as legitimate proprietary
interests in the employment context: (a) trade secrets; and (b) trade
connections. Only (b) was in issue. In this regard, it is well-established
that there must be personal knowledge of (and influence over) the customers of
the employer: see _Man Financial_ at [93] and _Herbert Morris_ at 702, 709.

75 However, the mere existence of such personal knowledge and influence will
not always be sufficient to establish a legitimate proprietary interest on the
part of the employer. In _Herbert Morris_ , Lord Parker of Waddington
explained (at 709):

I cannot find any case in which a covenant against competition by a servant or
apprentice has, as such, ever been upheld by the Court. Wherever such
covenants have been upheld it has been on the ground, not that the servant or
apprentice would, by reason of his employment or training, obtain the skill
and knowledge necessary to equip him as a possible competitor in the trade,
but that he might obtain _such personal knowledge of and influence over the
customers of his employer... as would enable him, if competition were allowed,
to take advantage of his employer’s trade connection..._

[emphasis added]

In other words, the extent of the knowledge of, and influence over, the
customers is also a relevant factor. This is also established in the case-law:
see _Heller Factoring_ at [15(c)], _Buckman Laboratories (Asia) Pte Ltd v Lee
Wei_ _Hoong_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 205 at [24]. However, I would add that this
factor is relevant only insofar as it indicates the influence (or likely
influence) of the employee over the customers. In itself, knowledge is
immaterial unless it can and is likely to be leveraged in some way by the
employee to gain some degree of influence. This customer-centred approach was
clearly explained by Stamp J in _S W Strange Ltd v Mann_ [1965] 1 WLR 629 at
641F:

The defendant had a knowledge of the plaintiff’s customers and of their
creditworthiness which was no doubt of great value to the plaintiff but there
is nothing to show that it was of value to the customer or would in the least
degree encourage a customer to deal with him [_ie_ , the defendant] as an
individual or as an employee in a rival firm.

76 Apart from knowledge of the employer’s customers, there are several other
factors which are relevant to the issue of influence. In _Arthur Murray_
_Dance Studios of Cleveland_ , _Inc v Witter_ (1952) 105 NE 2d 685, Hooper J
identified two such factors: (a) “employer’s hold” (or “institutional hold”);
and (b) customer inconvenience. He explained these two factors as follows:

Now why can't the elevator operator and the apartment caretaker automatically
take the tenant with him? There are two main reasons, for which we would like
to coin the phrases ‘employer's hold’ (or ‘institutional hold’) and ‘customer
inconvenience.’ A customer may like an employee, but how far he is willing to
inconvenience himself and suffer because he likes him is a different matter.
Because he likes the elevator operator, will he break his lease and incur
damages? Will he endure the trouble of packing, moving, re-establishing? And
the expense? Will he sacrifice the advantage of customers being accustomed to
do business with him at his present stand? Will he leave an advantageous
location he likes and follow to a disadvantageous one he dislikes? How far
will he follow? Two buildings away? Two miles away?

If two teachers exchange colleges, do their students automatically exchange
colleges? If the deans of the Harvard and Yale law schools exchanged chairs it
might be very unflattering to see how few, if any, of their students would try
to follow them. As every school knows there is such a thing as an
‘institutional hold’ that may be greater than the hold of one teacher, such as
the hold it exercises through such things as loyalty, tradition, reputation,
the campus, classmates, friends, fraternity brothers, other teachers and the
girl who wears one's fraternity pin.

77 J D Heydon, _The Restraint of Trade Doctrine_ (Butterworths, 1999, 2nd Ed)
at 93 also identified several additional factors which are relevant to the
question of influence: (a) the frequency of contact; (b) the place where
contacts are made; (c) the seniority of the employee; and (d) the nature of
the employee’s relationship with the customers.

78 I turn now to the facts of this case. Smile’s position was that all the
Restrictive Covenants were intended to protect its patient pool. Dr Tan stated
(at para 22 of his AEIC) that he had spent considerable time, money and effort
into positioning Smile “as a well known premium dental service provider
offering cutting-edge dental treatments”. Dr Tan had trademarked the names of
Smile’s procedures, established its clinics in prime locations, and designed
those clinics with lifestyle-based themes and concepts in mind. This approach
enabled Smile “to build up a strong customer base”. Dr Tan elaborated during
cross-examination[note: 8]:

Q:What was the benefit to Smile of such an arrangement with [Dr Pearson]?
Meaning that you would keep the chair in a state of disuse and so on. What is
the benefit?

A:The benefit is that he will continue seeing his own patients and the patient
-- the relationship with the doctor is maintained, as well as the continuity
of the treatment. _In dentistry continuity is very important because when you
finish a procedure you want to -- the patient will feel very comfortable if
the same dentist follows up on his treatment. And the rapport is also
maintained between the doctor and the patient_.

...

A:... The radial clause was put in because we felt that was the only way to
protect _our patient pool. In every dental practice, that is the life blood of
the clinic_.

[emphasis added]

79 Mr Wong argued that Dr Tan’s evidence demonstrated that no legitimate
proprietary interest was being protected by the Restrictive Covenants[note:
9]. What Dr Tan was seeking to protect was Smile’s patient pool and that meant
that the sole purpose of the Restrictive Covenants was to exclude competition
from Dr Lui rather than to protect any legitimate proprietary interest. I did
not think that that was the correct approach. The purpose of most, if not all,
restraint of trade provisions in the employment context is precisely to
protect the employer from competition by an employee should the employee leave
his employer. The nature and extent of the protection depends on the terms of
each individual provision. Therefore, the fact that a provision seeks to
exclude competition to some extent does not necessarily mean that an employer
has no legitimate proprietary interest to protect. It is because of such
exclusion that the court then has to apply the three-fold test mentioned above
at [67], one aspect of which is whether there is a legitimate proprietary
interest to be protected. In other words, does the employer have a legitimate
proprietary interest to protect by excluding competition or is he excluding
competition _per se_? It may be that a restraint of trade provision has a dual
purpose as I shall elaborate below when considering the Radial Clause.

80 In _Routh v Jones_ [1947] 1 All ER 179, Evershed J stated (at 181E–H) as
follows:

It is, in my judgment, clear that _the character of a general medical practise
is such that one who is employed therein (as was the defendant) as a medical
assistant, necessarily acquires such a special and intimate knowledge of the
patients_ of the business _that the employers, in a contract of service with
the servant, are entitled to protect themselves against unfair competition on
the servant's part_. _In other words, that in such a case there exists a
subject-matter of contract or a proprietary interest properly entitled to
protection_. ... And I refer again to the language of Lord Birkenhead LC
applied to the case of a solicitor's business, in _Fitch v Dewes_. He said
([1921] 2 AC 158, at p 164):

‘Such a business depends upon the existence of goodwill; _upon the association
and the intimacy which exist between him who carries on that business and the
clients of the firm, and intimacy founded upon many complex considerations not
easily to be defined, but very easily to be understood_.’

[emphasis added]

81 In _Campbell, Imrie and Shankland v Park_ [1954] 2 DLR 170, a decision of
the British Columbia Supreme Court, Wilson J remarked (at [10]):

... The chartered accountant is also an expert and consultant in regard to
income taxation and has come to occupy, _vis-à-vis_ his client, a relation
almost as confidential as that of a solicitor. _Therefore, the personal
element is a very important factor in this profession; the client having
bared, if not his soul, at least his records, to an accountant, has
established a confidential relationship which he will not lightly change
because, for one thing, a change involves making the same sort of revelations
to another person new and strange to him_. ...

[emphasis added]

82 In _Robin M Bridge v Deacons (A Firm)_ [1984] 1 AC 705, the Privy Council
said (at 719H–720A):

... [T]he relationship of solicitor and client is not unique in being
confidential; the relationships of medical men with their patients and of many
other professional men with their clients are also confidential. If there were
a general rule that they could not bind themselves not to act for former
clients of the firm after they had retired from a partnership, the results
would be very far reaching. ...

83 The above three cases suggest that, generally speaking, an employer of a
general medical practitioner, a chartered accountant or a solicitor would have
a legitimate proprietary interest to be protected by a restrictive covenant.

84 In _Koops Martin v Dean Reeves_ [2006] NSWSC 449 (“ _Koops Martin_ ”), the
New South Wales Supreme Court said (at [35]) that “a particular solicitor,
accountant or doctor with whom a client deals may well, from the perspective
of the client, be for all practical purposes the person whose advice they seek
and thus the persona of the firm”. This suggested that a restrictive covenant
imposed on such an employee would not be inappropriate although whether the
covenant is reasonable would depend on the facts.

85 What then of a professional like Dr Lui who is a general dental
practitioner (“GDP”)? No direct evidence was given as to how he obtained his
patients while practising with Smile, and the frequency, nature and extent of
the interaction between him and the patients. Nevertheless, I was of the view
that I was entitled to take judicial notice of or infer the following:

(a) As Dr Lui started off as an employee of Smile, most of his patients would
be that of the clinic where he practised rather than his own. In other words,
his own relatives or friends would form a small portion of the patients he
treated. Indeed, the reason why he left the other clinic at Great World City
was because of insufficient patients.

(b) Most of the patients who came to the Forum Clinic would have done so
mainly because of the recommendation of other patients and/or the location of
the clinic. While the advertisements taken out by Smile might have caught the
attention of some patients, the location of the clinic would usually be a
greater influence than advertisements for persons seeking general dental
services as opposed to specialist services. It is true that some patients who
sought specialist services from, say, Dr Tan himself might subsequently have
sought general dental services from the Forum Clinic. However, again, in the
absence of more evidence, this would be less of a reason than recommendations
and/or the location of the clinic.

(c) Dr Lui’s contact time with the patients would usually be short. Once he
began the dental treatment, he would be doing the talking and not the patient.

(d) Most patients would have seen Dr Lui twice a year for the usual dental
check-up and treatment. A patient might have made one or two more visits in a
year for treatment for more difficult conditions.

(e) A patient of a GDP would be likely to make an appointment with that
particular GDP for the next session if the patient was satisfied with the
services of the GDP. The patient would be likely to have some attachment to
that GDP over time.

86 The employer’s or institutional hold of Smile on the patients who sought
general dental services at the Forum Clinic would usually not be strong. A
patient who was happy with Dr Lui’s services would quite easily switch to a
competing clinic which Dr Lui practised at if that clinic was almost equally
convenient to the patient and if the charges for both clinics were comparable.

87 All things considered, it seemed to me that it would be too far-reaching to
conclude that, generally speaking, an employer of a GDP would not have a
legitimate proprietary interest to be protected. In the absence of evidence
that might have persuaded me otherwise, I therefore concluded that Smile did
have such an interest to be protected.

Reasonableness in reference to the interests of the parties

(1) The Radial Clause

88 In the abstract, the mere fact that a particular restriction is unlimited
in terms of its duration or geographical area will not necessarily lead to the
conclusion that it is unreasonable by reference to the interests of the
parties: see, _eg_ , _Fitch v Dewes_ [1921] 2 AC 158 and _Nordenfelt_ ,
respectively. Although the Radial Clause is unlimited as to time, its
geographical area is limited because it extends to three kilometres from the
Suntec Clinic and the Forum Clinic and from any new clinic set up by Smile
before Dr Lui left.

89 In _Office Angels Ltd v Rainer-Thomas and O’Connor_ [1991] IRLR 214 (“
_Office Angels_ ”), Sir Christopher Slade (delivering the judgment of the
English Court of Appeal) stated:

A covenant which prohibits wholly the carrying on of business by a former
employee in a specified area for a specified time will always be approached
with caution by the court, since it amounts to a covenant against
competition...

...

In the present case, however, _the plaintiff’s clients... are in general
readily identifiable_. An area restriction against competition is not required
for the protection of any trade secrets or confidential information...

... [W]hile the locality of an employment agency’s office at a particular part
of the City of London (near one of the stations) may well assist it to attract
and retain the goodwill of temporary workers, the _orders of employers are
placed over the telephone_ and, _in general, it would be of no concern to
them_ whether an employment agency office was situated inside or just outside
the kilometre circle...

On the other hand, clause 4.5(b), if valid, would impose an _important and
onerous restriction_ on the defendants since it would prevent them during the
restricted period from opening a place of business as an employment agency
_anywhere in the kilometre circle_ ,_which includes the greater part of the
City of London_. Accordingly, _while affording valuable protection to the
plaintiff against general competition (in respect of which, as such, it is not
entitled to protection) the provision would do little to protect the
legitimate interest in respect of which it is entitled to protection_...

Even if this view were wrong, the plaintiff cannot, in my judgment, show that
the covenant in clause 4.5(b) is no wider than is necessary for the protection
of [its] trade connection without satisfying the Court that there is a _real
functional correspondence_ _between the kilometre circle circumscribed by the
restriction and the area particularly associated with the Bow Lane branch_
[which was where the defendants worked].

[emphasis added]

90 During cross-examination, Dr Tan testified that he thought that the Radial
Clause was reasonable[note: 10]:

Q:... I would put to you, Dr Tan, that [the Radial Clause] is unreasonable?

A:I disagree...

Three kilometres is not big. Singapore, three kilometres he can practice
anywhere outside. He can practice at Holland village, Bukit Timah, Sentosa,
Thompson, Serangoon Gardens, East Coast, Kat[o]ng, these are all very affluent
English speaking expat communities as well. All these areas he can go and
practice.

_Singapore is small. The distance and transportation system is so good his
patients can access him. I think for his patients the rapport is so strong,
him being the sole dentist in Forum, they can easily find him. All he needs to
do is get the word out there, “I am practicing now in Holland Village”, and
all his patients will find him_. In fact some of them live in Holland village.
_So he does not need to do all that, and open up five minutes away from me and
start practice down there_.

[emphasis added]

91 Dr Tan’s evidence assumed that the Radial Clause precluded Dr Lui from
practising within a three-kilometre radius from the Forum Clinic only.
However, the terms of the Radial Clause were wider than that. They precluded
Dr Lui from practising within a three-kilometre radius from the Suntec Clinic
and from the Forum Clinic and from any other new Smile clinic that might have
been set up before Dr Lui left. That would include the ORQ Clinic. So, if a
Smile clinic had been set up around Holland Village before Dr Lui left, then
Dr Lui would also not have been able to practise in the vicinity of Holland
Village even if he had never practised at Smile’s Holland Village clinic.

92 Why should Smile be entitled to prevent Dr Lui from practising within a
three-kilometre radius from every Smile clinic if he never practised at the
other Smile clinics or had stopped practising there more than, say, two years
before he left? The application of the three-kilometre radius to every Smile
clinic was too wide and was unreasonable as between Smile and Dr Lui.

93 Nevertheless, I assumed that I could sever parts of the Radial Clause so
that it was confined to a three-kilometre radius from the Forum Clinic only.

94 Even then, the evidence of Dr Tan undermined his credibility somewhat. If
Dr Lui’s _former_ patients (_ie_ , patients whom he had treated while working
for Smile) could easily find him even if he set up outside the three-kilometre
exclusion zone, and they were likely to do so given the strong rapport he had
formed with them, then why have the Radial Clause in the first place? If Dr
Tan was right, the Radial Clause would serve no useful purpose for Smile while
imposing an onerous obligation on Dr Lui. Dr Tan must have known that location
was an important factor. The further away Dr Lui’s new clinic was, the more
inconvenient it would be for patients of the Forum Clinic to switch to Dr Lui.

95 It seemed to me that the three-kilometre exclusion zone had a dual purpose.
The first was to make it less convenient for Dr Lui’s former patients from
using his services at his new clinic which would be outside the three-
kilometre radius. The second was to make it impossible for Dr Lui to compete
for new patients in the same vicinity as the Forum Clinic, _ie_ , (a) persons
who were treated by others at the Forum Clinic and (b) persons who had never
been treated at the Forum Clinic.

96 I was of the view that the second purpose could not form part of the
protection of the “patient pool” _qua_ legitimate proprietary interest. In
order to be recognised as a legitimate proprietary interest, the scope of the
patient pool which was sought to be protected must be limited to Dr Lui’s
former patients. To the extent that Smile was attempting to prevent Dr Lui
from competing for other patients in the same vicinity, such an attempt was to
prevent competition _per se_. It was unreasonable.

97 A further factor which was in favour of Dr Lui was the fact that the
duration of the restriction was unlimited. Smile alleged that Dr Lui was a
foreigner on an Employment Pass who represented at the outset that he intended
to return to Australia after a few years. The question of Dr Lui practising in
Singapore did not arise at any point in Dr Tan’s or Ms Chong’s minds.
Furthermore, Dr Lui himself negotiated the term of his employment downwards
from five years to three years as he was supposedly intending to return to
Australia. According to Dr Tan, it would not have been Smile’s intention to
subject Dr Lui to an indefinite restriction had it known that Dr Lui was going
to practise in Singapore after his employment with it ended[note: 11]:

Q:Dr Lui cannot practice any form of dentistry within the 3-kilometre radius?

A:Yes. Can I add to this? It is because when Dr Lui and I and Smile entered an
agreement he clearly stated he would go back to Australia to practice, which
is why the time limit was never an issue. _Had he said he was going to open a
practice in Singapore, we would have renegotiated the radial clause time limit
and I would have given him a time limit, maybe two, three years. That is how
we handle the dentists who are going to work in Singapore. All the Singaporean
dentists have a 2-kilometre radius as well as a two-year limit on the radial
clause_.

Q: _If Dr Lui had told you when he was negotiating with you about this
contract that he was going back to Australia, wouldn’t you agree there is
absolutely no need for [the Radial Clause]? He wouldn’t be in Singapore_.

...

A:Disagree.

Q:I put it to you that it makes no sense to have clause 24 if Dr Lui was going
back to Australia at the end of his contract.

A:... _No it makes sense to have [the Radial Clause] because I do not have an
agreement in another clause that says “I am definitely going back to Australia
at the end of my contract”. If I had that clause to protect me I would not
need [the Radial Clause]_.

[emphasis added]

98 Dr Lui did not give any evidence to rebut Dr Tan’s allegation that Dr Lui
had said, at the time the Contract was signed, that he would go back to
Australia to practise after he completed his stint with Smile in Singapore.
While there was some evidence that Smile had sponsored Dr Lui’s application
for permanent residence later, it was not clear when this was done.
Apparently, it was done some time after the Contract had been entered into. I
accepted Dr Tan’s evidence as to what Dr Lui had said to him. However, that
did not mean that I should necessarily accept Dr Tan’s suggestion that he was
not thinking of restricting Dr Lui from competing in Singapore because the
question of Dr Lui practising in Singapore did not arise in Dr Tan’s mind at
all.

99 As can be seen from the evidence of Dr Tan quoted above at [90], Dr Tan
himself stated that it made sense to have the Radial Clause because there was
no provision in the Contract precluding Dr Lui from practising elsewhere in
Singapore (outside the three-kilometre radius) after he left Smile. Indeed,
the very terms of the Radial Clause as well as those of the other Restrictive
Covenants took into account the possibility of Dr Lui practising elsewhere in
Singapore.

100 Therefore, at the time the Contract was entered into, Smile did provide
for the possibility of Dr Lui practising elsewhere in Singapore. Whether Dr
Lui practised in Singapore immediately or sometime after he left Smile, he
would be caught by the Radial Clause.

101 I was of the view that the absence of any time limit for the Radial Clause
was unreasonable. According to Dr Tan’s own evidence during cross-examination,
the rapport that a GDP has with his patient will wear out, although he said it
takes at least two to three years before it wears out[note: 12].

102 I was of the view that the absence of a time limit was not an oversight.
Smile wanted as much protection from competition as it thought it could get
its employee to agree with. It probably did not realise, at the time the
Contract was signed, that the wider the scope of a covenant in restraint of
trade the more likely it would be struck down as being an unreasonable
restraint of trade.

103 Dr Tan sought to rely on contracts which Smile has with three local GDPs,
_ie_ , Dr Yeo Boon Keng Alvin, Dr Lee Kong Fei Frank and Dr Tsao Sun Paul to
demonstrate that the absence of a time limit for Dr Lui’s restrictive
covenants was reasonable. These three contracts were entered into between 18
December 2009 and 9 March 2011. In these contracts, the exclusion zone was two
kilometres from a Smile clinic and there was a time limit of two years. He
referred to these contracts to suggest that had he known that Dr Lui wanted to
practise in Singapore, he would have incorporated a time limit in the Radial
Clause too. I did not buy his suggestion.

104 As I have mentioned, the very purpose of the Radial Clause was to restrict
Dr Lui from competing with Smile should he ever practise in Singapore. In my
view, the absence of a time limit was an attempt to get as much protection
from competition as Dr Lui might agree with.

105 It seemed to me that the incorporation of a time limit in the radial
clauses of the contracts for the local GDPs stemmed from Smile’s realisation,
after the dispute with Dr Lui had arisen, that a radial clause might not
withstand the court’s scrutiny if it did not have a time limt.

106 Likewise, Smile probably realised that if the geographical scope of a
radial clause was too wide, the clause might not be upheld. I noted that the
radius of the radial clause for the local GDPs was two kilometres and not
three kilometres like it was for Dr Lui. I was of the view that the reduction
of the radius was Smile’s attempt to have a better chance of success should
such a clause be challenged.

107 I add the following observation. Other GDPs employed by Smile before 2009
had different geographical exclusion zones or different time limits for the
radial or other restrictive covenants. Notwithstanding Dr Tan’s attempts to
try and explain the differences to show that Smile was trying to be reasonable
with its professional employees, I was of the view that the discrepancies
illustrated again that Smile was trying to get maximum protection for itself
against competition and only reduced the scope of the protection it had sought
when a particular employee requested for it and not before.

108 I need mention only two of the pre-2009 contracts by way of illustration.

109 The first was an employment contract between Dr Tim Riesz (“Dr Riesz”) and
Smile dated 22 May 2008, which was about five years after the date of the
Contract with Dr Lui. Dr Riesz’s contract also had restrictive covenants.
Clause 22 thereof was the equivalent of the Radial Clause. Interestingly, the
engrossed copy of Dr Riesz’s contract provided for a five-kilometre radius
from any of the Smile clinics. If Smile genuinely believed that the three
kilometre radius (as found in the Contract) was reasonable in 2003, why did it
seek to extend the radius in 2008 for Dr Riesz’s contract? No explanation was
given by Dr Tan. Indeed, he did not say that the reference to a wider radius
was a mistake. On the contrary, he said that he himself would have preferred
the larger radius of five kilometres but as Dr Riesz preferred a smaller
radius, Smile accommodated Dr Reisz and changed the distance
accordingly.[note: 13]

110 Likewise, there was initially no time limit in Clause 22 of the engrossed
copy of Dr Riesz’s contract but, at his request, a time limit of three years
was inserted.

111 The second illustration was an employment contract between Dr Paul Wong
Shaun Yang (“Dr Wong”) and Smile dated 5 June 2008, about two weeks after the
date of the contract with Dr Riesz. Clause 22 thereof was the equivalent of
the Radial Clause. However, in the case of Dr Wong’s contract, the engrossed
copy provided for an eight-kilometre radius, not three or five kilometres.
This suggested that Smile was hoping to get as wide a protection as it could
get. According to Dr Tan’s evidence, the radius was amended to three
kilometres at Dr Wong’s request[note: 14].

112 However, Mr Singh made another argument in order to save the Radial
Clause. He submitted that I should read down the clause “in order to do
justice between the parties” (see para 52 of his closing submissions). He
referred to the judgment of Cullity J in the Ontario case of _Transport North
American Express Inc v New Solutions Financial Corp_ (2001) 200 DLR (4th) 560
(“ _TNAE_ ”) whose reasoning was endorsed by the minority judgment of Sharpe
JA in the Ontario Court of Appeal (see _Transport North American Express Inc v
New Solutions Financial Corp_ (2002) 214 DLR (4th) 44 (“ _TNAE (CA)_ ”).

113 He also relied on: (a) the decision of Lai Siu Chiu J in _Vandashima
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another v Tiong Sing Lean and another_ [2006] SGHC 132
(“ _Vandashima_ ”); (b) _GW Plowman & Son, Ltd v Ash_ [1964] 2 All ER 10 (“
_Plowman_ ”); and (c) _Home Counties_ (see [40] above) (see his Opening
Statement at para 129 and closing submissions at para 52).

114 I will deal with the four cases in chronological order.

115 _Plowman_ and _Home Counties_ did not assist Smile. In those two cases,
the courts interpreted the relevant provision in a narrower manner than the
literal interpretation thereof bearing in mind the context of the trade of the
employer in question. They were not cases in which the interpretation was
clear but the court read down the provision in order to save it.

116 _Vandashima_ also did not assist Smile. It was not a case in which the
scope of a restrictive covenant was in issue. Lai J granted, _inter alia_ , an
injunction against a defendant and confined it to Indonesia as that was where
the relevant plaintiff had developed its business.

117 In _TNAE_ , Cullity J expressed the view that the blue-pencil type of
severance was a relic of a bygone area. Using discretionary severance, he
struck out a contractual provision which would have led to payment of interest
at a rate higher than that stipulated by statute. Instead, he enforced a
promise to pay interest at a lower rate. His approach was endorsed by the
minority judgment of Sharpe JA in _TNAE (CA)_. Sharpe JA described his
approach as a reading down of the contractual provision. However, the majority
of the Court of Appeal rejected his approach.

118 As mentioned above, that case did not involve a covenant in restraint of
trade but a provision on the interest rate payable by a borrower which
effectively provided for a rate that turned out to be higher than that allowed
by statute. The considerations there were entirely different.

119 In _Man Financial_ , the Court of Appeal declined to express any
conclusion on the discretionary severance approach since the doctrine of
severance was not before it (see _Man Financial_ at [126] to [131]).

120 However, it was useful to bear in mind that in _Man Financial_ at [48],
the Court of Appeal reiterated that the courts scrutinise covenants in
restraint of trade in the employment context far more strictly. One of the
reasons for this approach is that employers are likely to have more bargaining
power than employees. I would add that employers are more likely to be the
ones who draft or cause the employment agreement to be drafted and,
unfortunately, in some cases employees do not even read the terms carefully.
Even if they do, their bargaining power is usually weaker, as was recognised
by the Court of Appeal.

121 It is one thing to construe a restraint of trade provision more narrowly
because of the context and background facts and in so doing to save it from
being struck down as being unreasonable. It is another thing to have reached a
conclusion on the correct construction but then to try and read it down so as
to save it.

122 Generally speaking, I do not favour the discretionary severance approach
for employment contracts. If employers want to protect their trade connections
or pool of clients, customers or patients then they would do well to draft a
reasonable restraint of trade provision rather than to try and get the maximum
protection which their employees will agree to. The discretionary severance
approach will only encourage employers to try their luck by initially imposing
the maximum protection they can get an employee to agree to and then to rely
on a reading down of the provision when confronted with the likelihood of an
unfavourable result in court. Moreover, not every employee will have the
courage or resources to resist the threats of an employer to comply with a
restraint of trade provision.

123 Furthermore, Smile did not plead nor did Mr Singh submit as to just how
far the Radial Clause should be read down. For example, should the Radial
Clause be read to impose a two-year or three-year time limit when none was
expressly imposed? Should the Radial Clause also be read so as not to apply to
patients whom Dr Lui had never treated while in Smile’s employment?

124 In all the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no reason to
try and read down the Radial Clause to save it. It was void for being an
unreasonable restraint of trade.

(2) The Non-Solicitation Clause

125 I found that there was no breach (as pleaded) of the Non-Solicitation
Clause (see [53] above. I have also mentioned (see [72] above) that the
validity of the Non-Solicitation Clause was not challenged. For completeness,
I mention briefly my views on its validity if Dr Lui had breached the Non-
Solicitation Clause and had challenged its validity.

126 The Non-Solicitation Clause precluded Dr Lui from soliciting any of
Smile’s patients from any of the clinics of Smile. Why should Dr Lui be
precluded from soliciting patients from the Forum Clinic or any other clinic
of Smile whom he had never treated before, just because they were patients of
one of the other practitioners of Smile? This point was not addressed by Dr
Tan. Also, there was no time limit in this provision as well. Why should the
prohibition against solicitation of patients last forever given that Dr Lui’s
influence would diminish over time (see [101] above)? In my view, the Non-
Solicitation Clause was unreasonable.

127 I also saw no reason to read down the Non-Solicitation Clause. I would
have concluded that it was void if its validity was in issue.

(3) The Non-Dealing Clause

128 Assuming that the Non-Dealing Clause applied to Smile’s patients and not
just to Smile’s patient records, I was of the view that the reference to “new
patients” referred not to those who became Smile’s patients after Dr Lui left
Smile but to those who became Smile’s patients from the time when Dr Lui
started work until Dr Lui’s last day with Smile. The “existing” patients would
be those who were already patients of Smile before he joined Smile.

129 The Non-Dealing Clause would be even more onerous than the Non-
Solicitation Clause because Dr Lui would be precluded under the former from
treating patients of Smile even if he did not solicit their patronage.

130 The reasons for rejecting the Non-Solicitation Clause also applied to the
Non-Dealing Clause.

131 There were other difficulties with the Non-Dealing Clause as well as the
Non-Solicitation Clause. In _Jenkins v Reid_ [1948] 1 All ER 471 at 481F–H,
Romer J stated:

...[I]t seems to me that the whole thing is so hopelessly vague that it would
be almost impossible for the plaintiff or anybody else to know whether or not
she was breaking her covenant, and for this reason. I think “patients of the
practice” there means patients at any time, ie, persons who may at any time
during the plaintiff's lifetime after the termination of the partnership be
treated as patients of the practice. Counsel for the defendant says that that
is not too vague because nobody should be regarded properly as being a patient
unless he was a regular patient, but, even so, _I do not know how the
plaintiff would know whether such and such a person was or was not a patient
of the partnership. Supposing that somebody came under her professionally and
she enquired whether that person was or had been a patient of Dr Reid and the
person said: "Oh well, two or three years ago I had influenza and Dr Reid
attended me, but I have not seen him since," would he be a patient, and should
he be treated as a patient, of the practice? For that person substitute one in
the same circumstances who five years ago was a patient. Can the plaintiff
safely advise or treat that person?_ ...

[emphasis added]

132 Mr Singh cited _Koops Martin_ (at [84] above) for the proposition (at
[83]–[84]) that a restriction on “dealing” _simpliciter_ could be justified
because (a) it removed the difficulty of proof of actual solicitation, and (b)
where the former employee’s connections with the employer’s customers were
especially powerful such that the customers would follow the employee
unsolicited, an anti-solicitation restriction would be insufficient to protect
the employer’s customer connections. Insofar as a restriction on “dealing”
removed the difficulty of proof of solicitation, this was undoubtedly true.
However, it was important to note that the non-dealing restriction in _Koops
Martin_ lasted for 12 months, whereas the Non-Dealing Clause was unlimited in
duration.

133 In the circumstances, I was of the view that the Non-Dealing Clause was
also unreasonable as between the parties. I saw no reason to read it down. It
was void.

Reasonableness in reference to the interests of the public

134 As I found that Smile’s claim of breach of all three Restrictive Covenants
could be dismissed for lack of reasonableness in reference to the interests of
the parties, it was unnecessary to consider whether they were reasonable in
reference to the interests of the public.

Issue 2: The implied terms

135 As I noted earlier (see [29] above), Smile’s main case also included a
claim that various terms were to be implied into the Contract, and that these
terms were breached by Dr Lui. Interestingly, Mr Singh put the implied terms,
not the express Restrictive Covenants, in the forefront of his closing
submissions. The implied terms could essentially be divided into two
categories of obligations:

(a) A duty of good faith and fidelity; and

(b) Fiduciary duties.

136 Briefly, the facts which Smile relied upon as giving rise to breaches of
such implied terms were as follows (see also [30] above):

(a) The incorporation of Dental Essence on 7 January 2009;

(b) The signing of a tenancy agreement of premises in Tudor Court on 25
February 2009;

(c) The fitting out of the said premises;

(d) The discussions and negotiations between Dr Lui and Dr Pearson which
resulted in Dr Pearson becoming a shareholder, director and dentist of Dental
Essence;

(e) Dr Lui’s application for a licence from the MOH to practice dentistry with
Dental Essence;

(f) Dr Lui’s failure to inform Smile of these matters; and

(g) Dr Lui’s failure to obtain Smile’s consent to the setting up of Dental
Essence.

Smile also seemed to plead that these duties were also breached by reason of
the fact that 716 patients whom Dr Lui had previously treated at the Forum
Clinic were now patients of Dental Essence.

Duty of good faith and fidelity

137 It is trite law that there is an implied term in the employer’s favour
that the employee will serve the employer with good faith and fidelity: see
_Man Financial_ at [193]. However, this alone did not assist Smile because it
still had to establish that the conduct of Dr Lui breached the term.

138 Dr Lui did not dispute that he took the steps alleged and that he took
these steps while he was still employed by Smile. As regards his discussions
and negotiations with Dr Pearson, this allegedly took place when Dr Pearson
was no longer an employee of Smile although Dr Lui himself was still an
employee (see [169] below).

139 Dr Lui’s defence was that, aside from the Restrictive Covenants, he was
entitled to compete with Smile after he ceased to be its employee. The steps
he had taken were preparatory steps for this competition and as such did not
constitute a breach or breaches of the implied term of good faith and
fidelity.

140 Smile’s position was that even if such steps could be described as
preparatory, Dr Lui had breached the said implied term.

141 Mr Singh and Mr Wong cited various English and Singapore authorities to
support their respective clients’ positions. I will refer to the main ones
cited in chronological order.

142 _Robb v Green_ [1895] 2 QB 1 (“ _Robb_ ”) is significant for the oft-cited
passage from the judgment of Hawkins J (at 15):

... In what I have said I do not intend to convey that while the contract of
service exists a person intending to enter into business for himself may not
do anything by way of preparation, provided only that he does not, when
serving his master, fraudulently undermine him by breaking the confidence
reposed in him. For instance, he may legitimately canvass, issue his
circulars, have his place of business in readiness, hire his servants, &c.
Each case must depend on its own circumstances.

143 That was a case where the employee was intending to compete with his
employer after he left the employment. As can be seen in context, Hawkins J
was of the view that an employee may take preparatory steps not just to enter
into business but to compete with his employer. An employee may, for example,
prepare a place for his business and employ others in such preparation,
although each case depends on its own facts.

144 In _Sanders v Parry_ [1967] 1 WLR 753 (“ _Sanders_ ”) the defendant was
employed by the plaintiff as an assistant solicitor. In the course of his
work, he got to know one Tully, an important client of the plaintiff. While he
was still employed by the plaintiff, he and Tully agreed that he would leave
the plaintiff’s employment and set up his own practice, whereupon Tully would
transfer his legal work to him. The plaintiff learned about this when the
defendant handed him a letter from Tully setting out what had been agreed.
Havers J concluded that even if the agreement had not been initiated by the
defendant he was in breach of the implied term to serve with good faith and
fidelity. He said (at 765B–H):

The next point that arises is this. If it was not initiated by the defendant,
but during the subsistence of his agreement with the plaintiff, he accepted
the offer made by Tully, was that a breach of the agreement? Now in my view
there was a duty on the defendant at all times during the subsistence of that
agreement to protect his master's interests, especially to do his best to
retain Mr. Tully as a client of his master, and in regard to the letter to
which I have already referred, there was a duty on the defendant to look after
and protect Tully's interests on behalf of his principal, the plaintiff. Now,
in accepting this offer the defendant was not protecting his master's
interests. He made no effort to try and retain Mr. Tully as a client of his
master. The defendant was placing himself in a position in which there was a
conflict of interests between him and his principal and he was looking after
his own interests to the detriment of his master's interests. He was
knowingly, deliberately and secretly acting, setting out to do something which
would inevitably inflict great harm on his principal.

There being a duty on the defendant to protect the interests of his principal,
if Tully had expressed any dissatisfaction as to the position, then the
defendant should have gone to the plaintiff, his principal, to give him an
opportunity to find out any grievance which Mr. Tully thought he had. It may
well be there was a misunderstanding in Tully's mind about this Penman affair,
and if he had gone to the plaintiff about this there might well have been an
opportunity for him and Tully to have sorted it out and of clearing up the
misunderstanding. I think it was accurately described by counsel for the
plaintiff as a "conspiracy of silence" between the defendant and Tully. The
defendant said that if he disclosed the existence of this agreement at once to
his principal he would betray Tully's confidence, and so he was silent in the
interests of Tully and to his principal's detriment. It apparently never
occurred to the defendant that while he was still employed by the plaintiff he
could not discuss any offer Mr. Tully made; he could not possibly do that
until his agreement with the plaintiff was terminated. I am satisfied that in
accepting the offer, by such conduct the defendant was guilty of breach of
duty in regard to the agreement implied therein by law that the defendant
would serve the plaintiff with good faith and fidelity.

145 Mr Singh pointed out that in _Pacific Autocom Enterprise Pte Ltd v_ _Chia
Wah Siang_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 73 at [70], Prakash J had cited the second
paragraph quoted above from _Sanders_ with approval. Even so, I had my
reservations on the validity of such observations in _Sanders_.

146 First, I would mention that the reference by Havers J in _Sanders_ to a
conflict of interest _per se_ between an employee and his employer may cause
confusion if it is not properly understood. An employer may be tempted to
argue that if an employee formulates an intention to leave his employment,
that in itself is a conflict of interest as it is not in the interest of the
employer for the employee to leave. _A fortiori_ if the employee intends to
leave and join a competitor or to set up his own business to compete. This is
all the more so if the employee acts on that intention by taking preparatory
steps to advance his intention, for example, by taking a tenancy of premises
to start his own business.

147 However, _Robb_ and other cases which I shall come to show that an
employee may form an intention to leave or set up in competition with his
employer and take preparatory steps towards that goal. In the latter case
(_ie_ , where the employee takes preparatory steps), such steps may be
permissible in law. They do not necessarily constitute a conflict of interest
in law which requires an employee to tell his employer of his plans to leave
or to refrain from taking those preparatory steps.

148 Secondly, one may distinguish _Sanders_ on the basis that the assistant
solicitor there had reached the agreement with a client whom he was supposed
to service on the plaintiff’s behalf. Nevertheless, it seemed to me that to
require the assistant to disclose any discussions with Tully would be to
betray Tully’s confidence especially if it was Tully who made an unsolicited
proposal to the assistant. Yet, Havers J rejected that very point which was
taken on behalf of the assistant. It seemed to me that too much emphasis was
placed on an employee’s duty to his employer and too little on his duty to the
client whom he served. I am certain that a client would be shocked to learn
that if he suggested to an employee (of the firm or company servicing him) to
start his own business or to move to a competitor with support from the
client, that employee would be obliged to disclose the suggestion to his
employer.

149 However, I need say no more for the time being because, in any event,
those are not the facts before me. There is no evidence that Dr Lui received
any suggestion or support from any patient to set up Dental Essence before he
left Smile.

150 I also did not accept that _Sanders_ is authority for the wider
proposition that, generally speaking, an employee must disclose his intention
to compete with his employer once that intention is formed or to disclose
preparatory steps whatever those steps may be. If it was such an authority
then I would respectfully disagree with it.

151 In _Laughton and Hawley v Bapp Industrial Supplies Ltd_ [1986] ICR 634 (“
_Laughton_ ”), certain employees wrote to some of the suppliers of their
employer to inform them that they intended to start business on their own and
to ask for details of the suppliers’ products. An industrial tribunal found
that the employees had breached their implied duty of loyalty. The employees’
appeal to the Employment Appeal Tribunal (“the EAT”) was successful. The EAT
was of the view that the letters were no more than an inquiry as to prices and
that an intention to compete expressed in the letters was no breach of such a
duty.

152 The next case involved a claim by Balston Limited (“Balston”) against one
Mr Head and his company Headline Filters Limited (“Headline”) which was named
as the first defendant with Mr Head as the second defendant.

153 Balston was in the business of manufacturing glass microfiber filter
tubes. Mr Head was employed by Balston in 1969. He was successful there and
after some promotions, he became its deputy managing director in 1985.
However, on 17 March 1986, he tendered a notice of his resignation as
employee. Mr Head agreed with Balston that his notice would expire on 11 July
1986. On 16 April 1986, Mr Head also resigned as a director of Balston. It was
agreed that he no longer needed to attend at work during the remainder of his
notice period, _ie_ , up to 11 July 1986, although Balston alleged that Mr
Head was still supposed to be available till then if his services were
required.

154 On 25 April 1986, Mr Head acquired a company. He changed its name to the
name of the first defendant. From 25 April to 11 July 1986, Mr Head prepared
Headline for commencement of business after 11 July 1986 in the manufacture of
microfiber filter tubes. He took a lease for such a business and ordered
materials for the manufacturing process. He also arranged for persons to be
employed by Headline.

155 More importantly, Mr Head had dealings with a customer of Balston. The
customer was Clifford Edwards Limited (“CEL”) whose initiative had led to
Balston commencing the manufacture of filter tubes.

156 In April 1986, Balston had apparently informed CEL’s Mr Baker that it
would raise its price for a certain type of microfiber filter tubes from £29 a
box to £126 a box. After 1 May 1986, Mr Baker telephoned Mr Head to express
his horror at the increase in price. Apparently, Mr Baker was not aware that
Mr Head had given notice of his resignation as an employee. Mr Head informed
Mr Baker of this in the telephone conversation and made it known that he was
prepared to supply microfiber filter tubes to CEL at the price of £29 a box.
CEL was prepared to wait till 11 July to place an order.

157 Soon after 11 July 1986, Balston learned about the business which Mr Head
was undertaking through Headline and commenced an action against both. One of
Balston’s contentions was that between 16 April and 11 July 1986, Mr Head had
prepared Headline to compete on 11 July and that his activities during that
period were breaches of duties he had owed to Balston. It was submitted for
Balston that Mr Head should not be allowed to reap the benefit of the three-
month old illegitimate preparation for competition and that he should be
deprived of the benefit of that springboard. In particular, Balston complained
about the telephone conversation when Mr Head told Mr Baker that he was
prepared to supply CEL with microfiber filter tubes at the lower price.

158 Balston applied for an interlocutory injunction pending trial to restrain
Mr Head, _inter alia_ , from reaping the benefit of the springboard. The
application was heard by Scott J whose judgment was reported as _Balston
Limited & another v Headline Filters Limited & another_ [1987] FSR 330 (“
_Balston (No 1_)”). Scott J said (at 340) that he was unimpressed by Balston’s
springboard argument. He did not think it was wrong for Mr Head to acquire
Headline, obtain a lease of premises for it and order materials in preparation
for the commencement of business after Mr Head ceased to be employed by
Balston.

159 Scott J was more concerned about Mr Head’s encouragement of Mr Baker and
CEL. He considered that it was arguable that Mr Head was in breach of his duty
of fidelity assuming that that duty survived till 11 July 1986, but on the
facts before him he declined to grant an interlocutory injunction based on
that claim.

160 The trial of the action was eventually heard by Falconer J. The case is
reported as _Balston Limited & another v Headline Filters Limited & another_
[1990] FSR 385 (“ _Balston (No 2_)”).

161 Falconer J proceeded on the basis that Mr Head had ceased to be a director
of Balston from 18 April 1986 although he was still an employee until 11 July
1986. He divided the complaints about Mr Head’s activities between two
periods: (a) before 18 April 1986; and (b) between 18 April 1986 and 11 July
1986.

162 Apparently, prior to 18 April 1986, Mr Head had consulted accountants
about setting up his own company and, on their advice, he had prepared a five
year plan and a cash flow plan for a possible business manufacturing filter
tubes for his consultation with them. On 14 March 1986, he had also signed a
lease of premises for a new business. However, Falconer J accepted Mr Head’s
evidence that at the time of the signing of the agreement for the lease, Mr
Head was uncertain as to whether he was going to be a dealer or a manufacturer
of filter tubes. The latter would have been in competition with the business
of Balston as a manufacturer of microfibre filter tubes.

163 After 18 April 1986, Mr Head had had the telephone conversation with Mr
Baker already referred to above. This conversation apparently took place on 2
May 1986. On 8 May 1986, Mr Head visited Mr Baker at CEL’s premises and it was
agreed then that CEL would place an order with Headline for filter tubes to be
delivered from 14 July 1986.

164 Falconer J decided that Mr Head did not breach his fiduciary duty as a
director or his duty of good faith and fidelity as an employee by his
intention to compete or his omission to disclose his intention to compete or
by taking the preparatory steps mentioned above prior to 18 April 1986.
However, he concluded that Mr Head’s visit to CEL on 8 May 1986 and the
agreement to supply CEL with filter tubes was wrongful even though such supply
would commence only after 11 July 1986. He found Mr Head to be in active
competition from 8 May 1986 onwards and this was in breach of his duty of good
faith and fidelity.

165 Falconer J also found that Mr Head was in breach of that duty (_ie_ , the
duty of good faith and fidelity) when he approached an employee of Balston
(through another person) to work for him while he himself (Mr Head) was still
employed by Balston. However, Mr Head was not in breach of that duty by
entering into similar discussions with another employee of Balston after that
employee had left Balston (see page 417 of the law report).

166 I refer to part of the judgment of Falconer J to elaborate on the point I
made earlier (at [147] above) that the principle about avoiding a conflict of
interest does not preclude an employee (or a director) from forming an
intention to compete with his employer and, generally speaking, from taking
preparatory steps to do so.

167 Falconer J said (at p 412):

In the statement of the overriding principle by Roskill J. in the _I.D.C_.
case, namely “that a man must not be allowed to put himself in a position in
which his fiduciary duty and his interests conflict,” the conflict
contemplated must be one with a specific interest of the company (or other
body or person) to whom the fiduciary duty is owed, as, for example, a
maturing business opportunity, as in _Canaero_ , or the plaintiff’s interest
in the contract secured by the defendant in the _I.D.C._ case, or a contract
falling within the first class of contracts in Lord Blanesburgh’s dichotomy in
_Bell v Lever_ (page 194), or the use of some property or confidential
information of the company which has come to a director as such (Lord
Blanesburgh’s qualification of his second class). In my judgment _an intention
by a director of a company to set up business in competition_ with the company
after his directorship has ceased _is not to be regarded as a conflicting
interest within the context of the principle_ , having regard to the rules of
public policy as to restraint of trade, _nor is the taking of any preliminary
steps to investigate or forward that intention so long as there is no actual
competitive activity_ , such as, for instance, competitive tendering or actual
trading, while he remains a director.

It follows, in my judgment, that Mr. Head was not in breach of his fiduciary
duty owed to Balston as a director of the company in not disclosing to Balston
his intention to set up a business in competition, whether as a dealer in
filter products or as a manufacturer of micro-fibre tubes or in taking such
steps as he did to forward that intention prior to 18 April 1986.

[emphasis added]

168 Although Falconer J was referring to a director’s fiduciary duty not to
place himself in a position of conflict, that part of his judgment applies _a
fortiori_ to an employee’s duty of good faith and fidelity which is a less
onerous duty than a fiduciary one.

169 Also, Smile’s pleaded case in respect of Dr Lui’s discussions with Dr
Pearson was that such discussions took place from in or about January 2009 to
the time when Dr Lui left Smile (see para 27 of the SOC (No 2)). This period
was after the time when Dr Pearson had left Smile. _Balston (No 2)_ was
authority for the proposition that Dr Lui was not in breach of his duty of
good faith and fidelity for discussing with Dr Pearson about the latter’s
participation in Dental Essence even though Dr Lui himself was still employed
by Smile. It seemed to me that _Robb_ was another authority for that
proposition. It did not matter whether Dr Pearson joined Dental Essence as an
employee, shareholder or director, or any combination thereof.

170 The next case was _Lancashire Fires Limited v SA Lyons & __Company Limited
and others_ [1996] FSR 629 (“ _Lancashire_ ”). The decisions of the court of
first instance and the Court of Appeal are reported in the same law report.

171 In that case, the plaintiff, Lancashire Fires Limited (“LF”), was a
leading manufacturer of decorative gas fires and related products. The
managing director was Jim Wright (“Jim”). The second defendant was his younger
brother Arthur Wright (“Arthur”). Arthur was employed by LF as a new projects
manager from September 1992. In November 1993, two directors of a major
Canadian company whom I shall refer to as “Lennox” visited LF’s factory and
had preliminary discussions with LF about the possibility of LF manufacturing
gas fires for Lennox. However, LF did not have the capacity to do so and
informed them accordingly in a letter dated 9 December 1993 written by Jim.

172 Arthur had met the two directors of Lennox briefly during their visit. His
relationship with Jim had deteriorated since about July 1993 and he had been
thinking about improving certain methods of production used in the ceramic
industry. At the time of the visit of the directors of Lennox in November
1993, Arthur was thinking of setting up on his own. In December 1993, Arthur
had begun to buy pieces of equipment which he thought he might need. In
January 1994, he contacted Lennox (after Jim’s letter of 9 December 2003) to
ask for financial assistance for research and development of a prototype
automated plant. He visited Lennox in Canada during a short holiday. This
resulted in an agreement dated 8 (or 11) February 1994 under which Lennox
agreed to provide an interest-free loan of up to £12,000 in stages. The loan
was to be made to the first defendant.

173 S A Lyons & Co was the trading name used by Arthur. Clause 5 of the
agreement read: “Lyons will enter into a mutually accepted agreement to sell
to Lennox on an exclusive basis in North America, ceramic components relating
to the decorative gas fire industry”.

174 After the agreement with Lennox had been reached, Arthur acquired more
equipment and rented premises at Albert Mill in Great Harwood which was within
15 minutes’ drive from LF. He spent his spare time improving the premises and
developing some equipment.

175 Eventually Jim learned about Arthur’s plans and LF issued a writ seeking
an injunction and other relief.

176 As regards the duty of fidelity Carnwath J referred to various cases
including _Robb_ , _Sanders_ and _Balston (No 2)_. He said (at 650):

Thus, the distinction is between preliminary steps by way of preparation, and
“actual competitive activity”. The dividing line is crossed if the employee
puts himself in a position of conflict of interest between his own interest
and his duties as an employee.

177 As mentioned above at [146], the reference to a conflict of interest _per
se_ may cause confusion. As I have elaborated at [147] and [167]–[168] above,
the mere possibility of the existence of a conflict of interest does not in
itself preclude an employee from forming an intention to compete or from
taking preparatory steps to compete with his employer after he leaves the
employment, so long as those steps remain preparatory and do not cross into
the territory of being actual competitive activity. So long as that does not
occur, the employee’s intentions and steps taken towards his objectives will
not constitute an interest _which conflicts with his duties to his employer_.
The reason why there is no conflict of interest is simply because the extent
of the employee’s duties, properly understood, does not overlap with the
preparatory steps which the employee is taking.

178 Carnwath J found the agreement with Lennox to be of critical importance
even though it was an agreement to agree. He noted that it was not simply a
financing agreement with a disinterested party like a bank. Indeed, LF’s
counsel accepted that a simple financing agreement would not constitute a
breach of the duty of fidelity. Carnwath J said (at 653):

... What matters is that he did pursue the project, pursuant to the agreement,
and he took advantage of the finance for that purpose. He did so while still
employed with Lancashire Fires. In my view this clearly put him a position of
conflict. His job with Lancashire Fires was, among other things, to
participate actively in the development of new projects, and the refinement of
the process. His activity with S.A. Lyons was directed to the same end, with a
view to competition with Lancashire Fires. I conclude that between the date of
the agreement on February 11 and his departure from Lancashire Fires he was in
breach of his duty of fidelity.

179 In the Court of Appeal, Sir Thomas Bingham MR cited the above passage with
approval. He went on to say (at 679):

Applying these principles and having regard to Arthur Wright’s position in the
plaintiff, the judge was in our view plainly right to conclude that there was
a breach of the duty of fidelity. Arthur Wright was not simply seeking
employment with a competitor or taking preliminary steps to set up his own
business. His activities at Albert Mill and his dealings with Lennox, already
described, placed him well on the wrong side of the line. Indeed, any employee
with technical knowledge and experience can expect to have his spare time
activities in the field in which his employers operate carefully scrutinised
in this context.

180 Therefore, Carnwath J appeared to base his conclusion, that there was a
breach of duty, on the agreement which Arthur had entered into with Lennox and
not on the preliminary steps which Arthur had taken. Unfortunately, the Court
of Appeal was not equally clear about the basis for its conclusion that there
was such a breach. It was possible that they too would not have concluded that
Arthur was in breach of his duty of fidelity if he had not entered into the
agreement with Lennox and had only leased premises and acquired equipment in
anticipation of his new business.

181 Mr Singh referred to Norman Selwyn, _Selwyn’s Law of Employment_ (Oxford
University Press, 2011, 16th Ed) at para 19.4 to show that that textbook had
cited _Lancashire_ for the proposition that renting and equipping premises for
a competing business are clearly competing activities which will amount to a
breach of the duty of faithful service.

182 I did not agree that _Lancashire_ was authority for such a proposition. As
already discussed, Arthur did more than just the taking of preliminary steps.
While he was still an employee of LF, he entered into an agreement with
Lennox. The latter was the basis for the decision of Carnwath J and, in my
view, also the decision of the Court of Appeal.

183 In _Universal Westech (S) Pte Ltd v Ng Thiam Kiat_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 429 (“
_Universal Westech_ ”), the plaintiff had alleged breach of fiduciary duties
by certain employees. At [54] to [56], Kan J referred to three cases:

(a)

_Balston (No 1)_ in which Scott J said he was unimpressed by the springboard
argument;

(b)

Laughton; and

(c)

The American case of _Metal & Salvage Association Inc v __Michael Siegel_ 503
NYS 2d 26 where the Supreme Court of New York Appellate Division said (at p
27) that:

[S]o long as the defendants did not use plaintiff’s time, facilities or
proprietary secrets to build a competing business, there was no illegality in
the secret incorporation of (the company) prior to their departure.

184 Kan J noted (at [57]) that:

A common feature in these cases is that the employees took steps to prepare to
compete with their employers, but did not compete with them before they left.
...

185 On the facts before him, Kan J found that the defendants had progressed
beyond the preparatory stage.

186 Although it was not surprising for Mr Wong to rely on _Universal Westech_
, Mr Singh countered that the same case actually went against Dr Lui’s
position. He referred to para [53] of the judgment which stated:

In the case of the second defendant, although he did not participate directly
in the business of the third defendant, he had engaged in competition with the
plaintiff before he resigned. He did that when he became director of the
company so that he and the first defendant can make up the minimum two
directors and when his name was used in the effort to secure business for the
third defendant from the plaintiff’s principals.

187 However, in my view, Kan J concluded that the second defendant there was
in fact engaged in competition with the plaintiff not just because of one act
but a combination of two acts. The second defendant there did not only become
a director of a competing company. He also allowed his name to be used in an
effort to secure business from one of the plaintiff’s principals. The latter
point was not merely an elaboration of the former point.

188 In [48]–[49] of the judgment, the judge had pointed out that the second
defendant’s name was used in a letter sent by the first defendant to one of
the plaintiff’s principals, Tech Spray, to solicit its support.

189 When one recollects what Kan J subsequently said at [57] which I cited
above at [184], it is quite evident that the judge was of the view that
preparatory steps before actual competition were permissible.

190 I should also refer to the judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Ng Thiam_
_Kiat and others v Universal Westech (S) Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [1997] 2
SLR(R) 439. The Court of Appeal said (at [12]) that Kan J had found that the
second defendant had breached his duty of fidelity by becoming a director of
the third defendant whilst he was still employed by the plaintiffs. As I have
elaborated above, that was not all that the second defendant did. Indeed, the
Court of Appeal specifically alluded (at [23]) to the letter which the first
defendant had written (to Tech Spray) in which the second defendant’s name was
used to solicit support from Tech Spray.

191 I should mention that while Kan J referred to the breach by the second
defendant as being a breach of his fiduciary duty, the Court of Appeal
described that defendant’s duty as one of fidelity. I will say more on this
later (see [226] below).

192 In _Thomas & Betts (S.E. Asia) Pte Ltd v Ou Tin Joon_ and another [1998]
SGHC 57 (“ _Thomas_ ”), the plaintiff alleged, _inter alia_ , that the first
defendant (who was its former managing director) had breached his implied duty
of good faith and fidelity by making preparations to compete with the
plaintiff in anticipation of the termination of his employment with the
plaintiff.

193 Lai Siu Chiu J struck out certain paragraphs of the statement of claim
pertaining to the breach of that implied duty. She said (at [20]) that mere
preparatory acts to compete were insufficient to constitute a breach of the
implied duty of good faith and fidelity. For example, an employee was free to
apply for a position with a competitor or to find premises to set up a future
rival business (citing _GD Searle & Co __Ltd v Celltech Ltd_ [1982] FSR 92).

194 In _British Midland Tool Ltd v Midland International Tooling_ _Ltd_ [2003]
2 BCLC 523 (“ _BMT_ ”), Hart J was of the view (at [85]) that at its widest,
_Balston (No 2)_ only meant that a director need not disclose _his own_
intention to compete. It did not deal with the question of whether the
director was obliged to disclose the intentions to compete of other directors
or employees. Hart J was of the view (at [89]) that a director is under a duty
to report actual or threatened competitive activity where the activity
involves others even if the director was also involved in the same activity.
Indeed, he also appeared to have been of the view that a director should
resign immediately after he has decided to engage in a competing business if
he did not wish to disclose his own intention to compete with his company. He
said (at [89]):

... A director who wishes to engage in a competing business and not to
disclose his intentions to the company ought, in my judgment, to resign his
office as soon as his intention has been irrevocably formed and he has
launched himself in the actual taking of preparatory steps. Although this
might seem inconsistent with the wide statement of principle in _Balston_ , it
is not inconsistent with the decision in that case on its particular facts: as
already noted (see paragraph above) the intention to compete does not appear
to have been formed prior to the resignation as a director.

195 Mr Singh submitted that _BMT_ and other cases on directors’ duties also
applied to Dr Lui even though he was not a director of Smile.

196 In _Shepherds Investments Ltd and another v Walters and others_ [2007] 2
BCLC 202 (“ _Shepherds_ ”), two companies made claims against various
defendants including two former directors and employees (Mr Walters and Mr
Hindle) and a defendant (“Mr Simmons”) who was a former employee and who was
also alleged to have been a de facto director of the first claimant.

197 Etherton J said (at [105]–[108]):

105 As the most recent in the line of relevant authority, _British Midland
Tool_ is binding upon me, unless I am satisfied that it is plainly wrong. Far
from considering that the decision is wrong, I respectfully consider that both
the decision and reasoning of Hart J in that case were correct and, in so far
as there is any conflict between them and the decision and reasoning of
Falconer J in _Balston_ , the approach of Hart J is to be preferred.

106 In my judgment it is plain that the necessary starting point of the
analysis is that it is the fiduciary duty of a director to act in good faith
in the best interests of the company (_Item Software_ at paragraph [41]), that
is to say 'to do his best to promote its interests and to act with complete
good faith towards it', and not to place himself in a position in which his
own interests conflict with those of the company (_British Midland Tool_ at
paragraph [81] and _CMS Dolphin Ltd v_ _Simmonet_ [2001] 2 BCLC 704 at
paragraph [84]).

107 It is difficult to see any legitimate basis for the 'trumping' of those
duties by 'rules of public policy as to restraint of trade' as suggested by
Falconer J in _Balston_ (at 412). There is no reference to any such principle
in any of the relevant cases prior to _Balston_ , such as _Robb v Green,
Wessex_ _Dairies v Smith_ [1935] 2 KB 801, _Hivac Ltd v Park Royal_
_Scientific Instruments Ltd_ [1946] 1 Ch 169, and _Laughton v_ _Bapp
Industrial Supplies Ltd_ [1986] IRLR 245. Hart J in _British Midland Tool_
rejected any such principle. He said, at para [89] of his judgment:

'It does not, furthermore, seem to me that the public policy of favouring
competitive business activity should lead to a different conclusion. A
director is free to resign his directorship at any time notwithstanding the
damage that the resignation may itself cause the company: see _CMS Dolphin Ltd
v Simonet_ [2001] 2 BCLC 704 at [95] per Lawrence Collins J. By resigning his
directorship he will put an end to his fiduciary obligations to the company so
far as concerns any future activity by himself (provided that it does not
involve the exploitation of confidential information or business opportunities
available to him by virtue of his directorship).

108 What the cases show, and the parties before me agree, is that the precise
point at which preparations for the establishment of a competing business by a
director become unlawful will turn on the actual facts of any particular case.
In each case, the touchstone for what, on the one hand, is permissible, and
what, on the other hand, is impermissible unless consent is obtained from the
company or employer after full disclosure, is what, in the case of a director,
will be in breach of the fiduciary duties to which I have referred or, in the
case of an employee, will be in breach of the obligation of fidelity. It is
obvious, for example, that merely making a decision to set up a competing
business at some point in the future and discussing such an idea with friends
and family would not of themselves be in conflict with the best interests of
the company and the employer. The consulting of lawyers and other
professionals may, depending on all the circumstances, equally be consistent
with a director's fiduciary duties and the employee's obligation of loyalty.
At the other end of the spectrum, it is plain that soliciting customers of the
company and the employer or the actual carrying on of trade by a competing
business would be in breach of the duties of the director and the obligations
of the employee. It is the wide range of activity and decision-making between
the two ends of the spectrum which will be fact sensitive in every case.

_In that context, Hart J may have been too prescriptive in saying, at para_
[89] _of his judgment, that the director must resign once he has irrevocably
formed the intention to engage in the future in a competing business and,
without disclosing his intentions to the company, takes any preparatory
steps._ On the facts of _British Midland Tool_ , Hart J was plainly justified
in concluding, (in para [90] of his judgment) that the preparatory steps had
gone beyond what was consistent with the directors' fiduciary duty in
circumstances where the directors were aware that a determined attempt was
being made by a potential competitor to poach the company's workforce and they
did nothing to discourage, and at worst actively promoted, the success of that
process, whereas their duty to the company required them to take active steps
to thwart the process.

[emphasis added]

198 He also said (at [127]–[129] and [131]):

127 In the light of all those matters, I am quite clear that from 12 August
2003 not only had the individual defendants formed the irrevocable intention
to establish a business which they knew would fairly be regarded by Financial
and Investments as a competitor to the business carried on by SSF, but they
continued to take steps to bring into existence that rival business, contrary
to what they knew were the best interests of Financial and Investments, and
without the consent of those companies to do so after full disclosure of all
material facts, and so in breach of their respective fiduciary duties and
their obligation of fidelity. That conflict between the duties owed by the
Individual defendants to Financial (in the case of Mr Walters and Mr Hindle)
and Investments (in the case of Mr Simmons), on the one hand, and the personal
and private interests of the individual defendants, on the other hand, in the
promotion of the new and rival business is exemplified by Mr  _Simmons'
acknowledgement, in cross-examination, that he found it difficult to promote
'the Shepherds product' when developing the 'new product'_.

128 Further, irrespective of whether, by virtue of _Balston Ltd v Headline
Filters Ltd_ [1990] FSR 385 and contrary to my view, there was no obligation
to disclose their own individual 'preparatory' activity, I am bound by
_British Midland Tool_ _Ltd v_ _Midland International Tooling Ltd_ [2003] EWHC
466, [2003] 2 BCLC 523 to hold that each of the individual defendants was
obliged, by 12 August 2003 at the latest, to disclose to Financial or
Investments, as the case may be, the actual and threatened activity of the
others to set up the competing business. If and so far as is necessary, like
Hart J in _British_ _Midland Tool_ , I would distinguish _Balston_ on the
facts on the ground that the intention to compete in _Balston_ does not appear
to have been formed in that case prior to the resignation of the second
defendant as a director. The principle that it is the duty of a director to
inform the company of any actual or threatened activity of another, whether or
not he himself is involved, which damages the interests of the company, and
whether or not that activity would in itself constitute a breach by anyone of
any relevant duty owed to the company, is part of the core reasoning and
decision in _British Midland Tool_ , which I must follow.

129 Finally, on this aspect of the case, I should record for completeness
that, even if, contrary to my view, Mr Simmons was a mere employee owing no
fiduciary duties to Investments, I nevertheless conclude that his conduct
between 12 August 2003 and his resignation on 21 September 2003 was such as to
breach his employee's duty of good faith and fidelity.

...

131 Mr Kempster submitted, by reference to the decided cases, that the steps
taken by Mr Simmons prior to his resignation never constituted, for the
purposes of an employee's obligation of loyalty, more than lawful preparatory
steps since nothing was done which had an immediate impact on Investments. I
reject that submission. By the time Mr Simmons resigned the individual
defendants had not only made a firm decision to set up a competing business,
_but they were well advanced in the development of a rival and, in their view,
superior investment 'product'._ Not only was that a matter of which, on the
defendants' own evidence, Financial and Investments would have wanted to know,
but, on Mr Simmons' own admission in cross-examination, he felt it difficult
to promote SSF's TLPs when he was developing that competing product. _What he
was doing did in fact interfere with his duty to serve his employer faithfully
and honestly to the best of his abilities_. _In the circumstances, the fact,
as Mr Kempster emphasised, that at the date of Mr Simmons' resignation there
was still a great amount to be done to establish the business of Assured and
PSL is not a critical factor._

[emphasis added]

199 It seemed to me that Etherton J decided in _Shepherds_ that there was a
breach by Mr Simmons of the duty of fidelity because:

(a) the defendants had made a firm decision to set up a competing business;

(b) they were well advanced in the development of a rival and, in their view,
superior product; and

(c) Mr Simmons admitted that he felt it difficult to promote an investment
product of a company in the same group as the claimants when he was developing
a competing product.

200 I come now to a case in which Helmet Integrated Systems Limited claimed
against Mitchell Tunnard, a salesman, for breach of various duties. In that
case, the claimant manufactured protective helmets for fire-fighters and other
emergency service personnel. In 2001, Mr Tunnard had conceived a general idea
for a new modular helmet for fire-fighters and made preparations to set up in
competition with the claimant. In August 2001, he approached a designer (who
was the third defendant). In September 2001, he applied for a government
grant. After he was awarded the grant, he gave the designer a design
specification and examples of existing helmets including a helmet manufactured
by the claimant which was then the leading helmet in the claimant’s range of
such products. Two months after leaving the claimant, Mr Tunnard incorporated
the second defendant.

201 Mr Wong relied on the decision of the court of first instance (see _Helmet
Integrated Systems Limited v Mitchell Tunnard_ [2006] FSR 41 (“ _Helmet”_)).
On the other hand, Mr Singh placed much emphasis on the decision of the Court
of Appeal in that case (see _Helmet Integrated Systems Ltd v Tunnard and
others_ [2007] IRLR 126 (“ _Helmet (CA_ ”)). I will refer first to the former
and then the latter.

202 In the court of first instance, Judge Fysh QC paid particular attention to
_University of Nottingham v Fishel_ [2000] ICR 1462 (“ _Nottingham_ ”) as
regards instances where an employee may also have fiduciary obligations. He
said (at [57] and [58]):

57 I have found this authority of particular assistance since when it comes to
employees (as opposed to directors), one sometimes finds in the authorities a
loose use of the words “trust”, “confidence”, “good faith” and above all, of
“loyalty” in discussion relating to both fiduciary obligations and the common
law duty of fidelity. Elias J. for example, defines “loyalty” as the duty to
act in the interests of another. Often I have to conclude from the authorities
that the (usually) grossly dishonest behaviour of the ex-employee in such
decisions (such as the taking of bribes and the sabotaging of valuable
contracts) has driven the conclusion, rather than the application of discrete
legal principles.

58 The question of intention to set up in competition with an employer should
perhaps be mentioned separately. It is settled law that even in the case of a
true fiduciary, an intention to set up in future business is not to be
regarded as something which places the employee in potential conflict with his
employer. There is thus no obligation upon the employee to inform his
employers of this intention even if the person involved was a sales director
like Mr Korny. This is in keeping with the University of Notts case. In 1990,
in the _Balston v_ _Headline Filters Ltd_ (No. 2) case above at 412 (a case
involving a director), Falconer J., having reviewed the authorities, put it
thus:

“In my judgment, the intention by a director of a company to set up business
in competition with the company after his directorship has ceased is not to be
regarded as a conflicting interest within the context of the principle, having
regard to the rules of public policy as to restraint of trade, nor is the
taking of any preliminary steps to investigate or forward that intention so
long as there is no actual competitive activity, such as for instance,
competitive tendering or active trading while he remains a director.”

203 As regards the duty of fidelity, Judge Fysh QC referred to the judgment of
Hawkins J in _Robb_ (which I have cited above at [142]).

204 He then said (at [61]):

A number of other authorities were in fact drawn to my attention in this
connection including _Balston v Headline Filters Ltd (No 2)_ , above at 412 ff
and _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_ [1932] A.C. 164 upon which it (and the other
authorities) draw. Not surprisingly, acts of preparation before departure are
not actionable; there is no breach of the duty of good faith and fidelity on
the part of an employee to decide to set up in competition with his employer
and take preliminary steps to do so: _Balston_ above at 413. The law does not
require a working lacuna between jobs and recognises the social utility to an
employee and to the community of the acquisition of expertise and knowledge
from his employment. This obviously applies even to an employee whose job it
is to promote sales and to report on competitive activity. To do otherwise
would I consider result in such an employee being either locked in corporate
bondage or unable to get a running start were he to leave. Either way, this
would be against public policy. I was also referred to _Hivac Ltd v Park Royal
Scientific Instruments_ , above and to _Lancashire Fires Ltd v SA Lyons & Co
Ltd_ [1996] F.S.R. 629 in this connection but they do not take the matter
further. It seems to me that to succeed under this head, the claimant must
show actual competition or misuse of particular and valuable information (_a
fortiori_ confidential information) in his possession which should properly be
regarded as being his employer’s and not his.

205 The Court of Appeal decided that Mr Tunnard was under no obligation, be it
fiduciary or otherwise, to inform his employer about his activities in
preparation for competition with it after he left its employment. They also
found that Mr Tunnard did not owe any relevant fiduciary obligation.

206 Mr Singh relied on parts of the judgment delivered by Moses LJ (at
[28]–[29] and [31]). For a better understanding, I set out [28] to [31] and
the first sentence of [32]:

**The legitimacy of preparatory activity**

28 The battle between employer and former employee, who has entered into
competition with his former employer, is often concerned with where the line
is to be drawn between legitimate preparation for future competition and
competitive activity undertaken before the employee has left. This case has
proved no exception. But in deciding on which side of the line Mr Tunnard’s
activities fall, it is important not to be beguiled into thinking that the
mere fact that activities are preparatory to future competition will conclude
the issue in a former employee’s favour. The authorities establish that no
such clear line can be drawn between that which is legitimate and that which
breaches an employee’s obligations.

29 Mr Tunnard relied on the dicta of Hawkins J. in _Robb_ (q.v. above). In
_Balston Ltd v Headline Filters Ltd_ (No. 2) [1990] F.S.R. 385 a former
director who set up a rival factory and had taken a lease on future business
premises and formed a company for his activity was held by Falconer J. (at
412) neither to have breached his duty of good faith nor his fiduciary duty;
he had merely taken preliminary steps to investigate the viability of his plan
and to advance his intention.

30 But, as Mr Stafford Q.C. on behalf of HISL has demonstrated, there are
cases which show that the mere fact that activities during the course of
employment may be described as “preparatory” will not necessarily be
dispositive of the issue as to whether the employee acted in breach of his
obligations to his employer. Hart J. in _British Midland Tool_ _Ltd_ _v
Midland International Tooling Ltd_ [2003] 2 B.C.L.C. 523 decided that a
director who has irrevocably formed an intention to engage in a competing
business and has taken preparatory steps cannot rely upon the public interest
in favouring competitive business as an answer to allegations of breach of
fiduciary duty. He can only put an end to his fiduciary obligation by
resigning his directorship. Until he has done so, preparatory steps taken in
pursuance of an irrevocable intention to compete would generally amount to a
breach of his fiduciary obligations as director.

31 This approach was followed by Etherton J. in _Shepherds Investment Ltd v
Walters_ [2006] EWHC 836 (Ch).5. He held that when former directors and
employee set up a competing business, diverting business opportunities and
misusing confidential information, they had acted in breach not only of their
fiduciary obligations but their implied obligation of fidelity the moment that
they procured the services of attorneys in the Cayman Islands to set up the
rival business. On the facts of that case, he held that a former employee was
also in breach of obligations as a fiduciary, whether or not he was to be
regarded as a director, and that he was in breach of his duty of fidelity. The
case affords an example, on its facts, of work of preparation which
constituted breaches of both the implied duty of fidelity and fiduciary
duties.

32 I agree that it is insufficient merely to cloak activities with legitimacy
by describing them as preparatory. ...

207 Moses LJ also said at [51]:

For these reasons I am in agreement with the judge that HISL has failed to
establish any breach, either of an obligation of fidelity or as a fiduciary.
But I should emphasise that my reasons are different to those expressed by the
judge. No doubt this has arisen because of the change of emphasis in the way
HISL’s case has been presented. The reason why Mr Tunnard did not breach any
fiduciary obligation was because his own preparatory activity could not
legitimately be described as “competitor activity” in the context of his
employment as a salesman and his right to prepare for competition once he had
left employment as a salesman. However, the mere fact that his activities were
preparatory was not, in my judgment, a sufficient answer to HISL’s claim. Mr
Tunnard’s activities may well be described as reasonable and necessary acts of
preparation for departure (see the judgment at [62]). But that of itself does
not determine whether they amounted to a breach either of an obligation of
fidelity or an obligation as fiduciary. Many activities might be described as
reasonable and necessary for the purposes of future competition but that does
not assist in deciding whether they were in breach of either obligation. The
true reason, as I see it, why Mr Tunnard’s activities did not amount to a
breach of any obligation to HISL lies in the fact that HISL had not restricted
the freedom which Mr Tunnard had to prepare for future competition on his
departure. I would dismiss the appeal.

208 The point that Mr Singh was emphasizing was that even preparatory steps to
compete may result in a breach by an employee of his duty of good faith and
fidelity. He also implied that the Court of Appeal in _Helmet (CA)_ had
preferred _BMT_ and _Shepherds_ to _Balston (No 2)._

209 As regards the latter point, I was of the view that the Court of Appeal
did not prefer those two cases to _Balston (No 2)._ Moses LJ was merely saying
that there were cases in which preparatory steps were held to fall on the
wrong side of the line. In my view, those two cases could be distinguished on
the basis that the steps there went beyond usual preparatory steps such as
setting up a company, taking a lease of premises and acquiring equipment to
compete.

210 More importantly, while Moses LJ said that it was not sufficient for a
defendant to describe activities as being preparatory in order to avoid
liability, he did not go so far as to say that, generally speaking,
preparatory steps would be wrongful. That would be a quantum leap. What then
were the activities that Smile was relying on as constituting a breach of the
duty of good faith and fidelity by Dr Lui? These have been set out above (at
[30] and also [136]).

211 It was quite clear to me that Dr Lui was not in breach of the implied duty
of good faith and fidelity by engaging in those activities (see, for example,
_Robb_ , _Balston (No 2)_ , Judge Fysh QC’s judgment in _Helmet_ and the
judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Helmet (CA)_ , as well as _Universal_
_Westech_ and _Thomas_).

212 I did not agree with any suggestion in _BMT_ and/or _Shepherds_ that, a
director has to disclose his intention to compete (and in any event Dr Lui was
not a director).

213 I also did not agree with any suggestion that once an intention to compete
is formed, a director (or even an employee) cannot as a matter of law take
mere preparatory steps to compete such as the leasing of premises and
equipping the same.

214 In para 17 of Mr Singh’s closing submissions, he stressed that the
competing clinic of Dental Essence was a mere five minutes’ walk away from the
Forum Clinic. He also submitted that Dr Lui and Dr Pearson had together
consistently accounted for about 80% of the patients at the Forum Clinic from
2003 onwards and had much influence and rapport with their patients. He
submitted that it was foreseeable and inevitable that the concerted action of
Dr Lui and Dr Pearson would lead to the demise of the Forum Clinic. In my
view, these allegations were irrelevant. The fact that Dental Essence would
become and/or had become a very effective competitor did not transform a non-
duty to disclose to a duty to disclose or a permitted act to a wrongful one.

Fiduciary duties

215 Three of the implied terms which were pleaded by Smile in the SOC (No 2)
(see [29] above), _viz_ , the third, fourth and fifth terms, seemed to
indicate that Dr Lui allegedly owed fiduciary duties to Smile. For
convenience, these three terms are set out below:

(a)

The defendant owed a duty to act in good faith _and_ _in the best interests of
the plaintiff_ ;

(b)

The defendant owed a duty not to act so as to place himself in a position in
which his personal interests would or did conflict with those of the
plaintiff; and

(c)

The defendant owed a duty to disclose his interest in any transactions
involving the plaintiff.

216 However, Smile did not mention these three implied terms in the list of
issues which it tendered on 20 September 2011 (see Schedule “B” of Smile’s
Supplemental (Revised) Opening Statement). The only implied duties which were
mentioned in the list were “implied duties of good faith and fidelity”.

217 In his closing submissions, Mr Singh returned once again to the theme of
fiduciary duties. Apart from his arguments based on the alleged breach of the
implied duty of good faith and fidelity, his alternative argument was that Dr
Lui’s “fidelity obligations had the requisite dimension of being of a
fiduciary nature”[note: 15].

218 Mr Singh cited the decision of Elias J in _Nottingham_ as well as
_Cobbetts LLP and Lee Crowder (A Firm) v Mark Reginald Stuart Hodge_ [2009]
EWHC 786 (“ _Cobbetts_ ”) as authority for the proposition that an individual
employee may, in certain circumstances, owe specific fiduciary obligations
arising from the nature and scope of his work. That much is certainly true,
although this alone did not assist Smile much because Mr Singh still had to
persuade me, first, that Dr Lui owed fiduciary duties on the facts before me,
and, secondly, that he had breached these duties.

219 In para 37 of Mr Singh’s closing submissions, he referred to that part of
Elias J’s judgment in _Nottingham_ (at 1489) where the learned judge referred
to an article by Lord Millett: “Equity’s Place in the Law of Commerce” (1998)
114 LQR 214. In that article, Lord Millett referred to three categories of
relationships in considering when fiduciary obligations may arise. The first
two had no application in _Nottingham_. The third category identified by Lord
Millett, and described by him as the most important, was as follows:

[it] is the relationship of trust and confidence, which arises whenever one
party undertakes to act in the interests of another or places himself in a
position where he is obliged to act in the interests of another. The core
obligation of a fiduciary of this kind is the obligation of loyalty.

220 Mr Singh suggested that if there is a relationship of trust and confidence
between an employer and his employee, as would be the case for Smile and Dr
Lui, the employee will have specific fiduciary obligations. He emphasized that
there was certainly such a relationship between Dr Lui and the patients he
treated at Smile.

221 I was of the view that even if I were to infer that there was a
relationship of trust and confidence between those patients and Dr Lui, this
did not in itself impose any fiduciary duty on Dr Lui to Smile. It was
significant that Mr Singh also did not say what specific fiduciary obligation
would be created by reason of that relationship.

222 As regards the point about a relationship of trust and confidence between
Smile and Dr Lui, I would first point out that a relationship of trust and
confidence does not necessarily give rise to any specific fiduciary duty. The
third relationship referred to by Lord Millett does not necessarily lead to
that conclusion if one were to read the rest of Elias J’s judgment after he
referred to Lord Millett’s article. Indeed, Elias J said (at 1493):

Accordingly, in analysing the employment cases in this field, **_care must be
taken not automatically to equate the duties of good faith and loyalty, or
trust and confidence, with fiduciary obligations._** Very often in such cases
the court has simply been concerned with the question whether the employee’s
conduct has been such as to justify summary dismissal, and there has been no
need to decide whether the duties infringed, properly analysed, are
contractual or fiduciary obligations. As a consequence, the two are sometimes
wrongly treated as identical: see _Neary v Dean of_ _Westminster_ [1999]
I.R.L.R. 288, 290 where the mutual duty of trust and confidence was described
as constituting a “ _fiduciary relationship_.” Accordingly, in determining
whether a fiduciary relationship arises in the context of an employment
relationship, it is necessary to identify with care the particular duties
undertaken by the employee, and to ask whether in all the circumstances he has
placed himself in a position where he must act solely in the interests of his
employer. It is only once those duties have been identified that it is
possible to determine whether any fiduciary duty has been breached as Lord
Upjohn commented in _Phipps v. Boardman_ [1967] 2 A.C. 46, 127: “Having
defined the scope of [the] duties one must see whether he has committed some
breach thereof and by placing himself within the scope and ambit of those
duties in a position where his duty and interest may possibly conflict. It is
only at this stage that any question of accountability arises.” ...

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

223 In so far as Mr Singh also relied, at para 41 of his closing submissions,
on [95] of the judgment of Floyd J in _Cobbetts_ which referred to the fact
that the defendant there was placed in a position of trust and responsibility,
I was of the view that that was only one of the factors, amongst others, which
led Floyd J to conclude that the defendant owed fiduciary duties not to place
himself in a conflict of duty and interest and not to make any secret profit
while carrying out his responsibilities.

224 Mr Singh also cited _Samsung Semiconductor Europe Ltd v_ _Docherty_ [2011]
SLT 806 (“ _Samsung_ ”) in which the solicitors for the pursuer summarised
various key propositions from _Nottingham_ which were not disputed by his
opponent. It is not necessary for me to set out those propositions. Suffice it
for me to say that they did not take the case of Smile on the existence of a
fiduciary duty any further.

225 I was of the view that nothing in _Nottingham_ , _Cobbetts_ or _Samsung_
was authority for the proposition that a relationship of trust and confidence
between an employer and employee would necessarily give rise to a fiduciary
duty on the part of the employee. Indeed, as mentioned above, _Nottingham_ was
authority for a different approach, _ie_ , that such a relationship did not
automatically give rise to fiduciary duties.

226 Mr Singh, however, also relied on Kan J’s judgment in _Universal Westech_
(see [183] above) and the Court of Appeal’s judgment in the same case. In that
case, the second defendant was a sales manager (_ie_ , an employee), and not a
director. Mr Singh pointed out at para 109 of his closing submissions that Kan
J had referred to the second defendant’s breach as being a breach of a
fiduciary duty whereas the Court of Appeal had described it as a duty of
fidelity. He submitted that the interchangeability of the phrases “fiduciary
duty” and “duty of fidelity” demonstrated that the latter was the genus and
the former the species. I did not agree with this analysis. It seemed to me
that counsel before Kan J probably did not draw a distinction between the two
duties and referred to a fiduciary duty when they ought to have referred to a
duty of fidelity. This led to Kan J doing likewise. The Court of Appeal
probably realised the conflation and correctly referred to a duty of fidelity.
The two are not interchangeable and neither is a fiduciary duty a species of a
duty of fidelity.

227 Mr Singh also submitted at para 44 of his closing submissions that Dr Lui
had rapport and influence over the patients he had treated at the Forum
Clinic. Dr Lui was the principal fee earner. He bravely submitted that Dr
Lui’s “fidelity obligations had the requisite dimension of being of a
fiduciary nature”. Dr Lui was a “senior employee” of Smile. Dr Lui was at all
material times well aware of Smile’s concerns about protecting their business
connection with their patients.

228 Mr Singh also highlighted at para 45 of his closing submissions that Dr
Lui had misled Smile by stating that he would be returning to Australia when
he left Smile’s employment when he knew that this was untrue from the time he
signed the tenancy agreement for Dental Essence on 25 February 2009. He said
that Smile was lulled into a false sense of security and took no measures to
protect its patient pool. He submitted that Smile had consented to Dr Lui’s
early release from the three-month notice period because it was unaware of his
intention to compete.

229 While I was prepared to accept the last point, I did not accept that Smile
took no measures to protect its patient pool. The Restrictive Covenants
already discussed above show that Smile did attempt to protect its patient
pool. True, Smile could have declined Dr Lui’s request for early release or
asked him to go on garden leave but there was no discrete claim for the early
release. I reserve further comment on the validity of garden leave, which is
used by employers to take an employee out of circulation before the employee
commences competition with the employer.

230 In my view, there was no fiduciary duty on the part of Dr Lui to refrain
from taking any of the positive steps complained of or to disclose any of such
steps or his intention to compete or to seek consent from Smile. It was not
pleaded that Dr Lui had received any confidential information, or that he had
accepted bribes, or that he was entrusted with property of Smile: see
_Nottingham_ at 1490–1491. What were the duties undertaken by Dr Lui? Leaving
the Restrictive Covenants aside, he had impliedly undertaken a duty of good
faith and fidelity. In so doing, had he placed himself in a position where he
must subjugate his interests to that of Smile? As I have found earlier, the
duty of fidelity does not preclude employees from forming an intention to
compete or from taking preparatory steps towards that objective. It must
follow that Dr Lui had not placed himself in such a position. I did not agree
that there was something special about Dr Lui’s employment by Smile which gave
rise to fiduciary duties owed to it. Dr Lui was merely an associate dentist.
Unlike the defendant in _Cobbetts_ (see [95] of the judgment), Dr Lui was not
obliged actively to find new patients for Smile. Similarly, unlike the
defendant in _Nottingham_ (see 1498) Dr Lui was not placed by Smile in a
position of power such that he could direct Smile’s other staff to advance his
personal interests to the detriment of Smile’s interests. While it was true
that Dr Lui had some influence and rapport with the patients he treated, this
concern of Smile’s could have been addressed by reasonable restrictive
covenants. If such restrictive covenants had existed, then Smile would be in a
position to protect (to some extent) their patient pool. In that light, I was
not convinced that there was any reason to impose any fiduciary duty on Dr
Lui. As I have found that there was no fiduciary duty on Dr Lui’s part, it was
unnecessary for me to decide whether Dr Lui was in breach of any such duty.

Conclusion

231 For the reasons above, I dismissed Smile’s action with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 21 September 2011, pp 59-60

[note: 2]NE, 22 September 2011, p 15 ln 5-9

[note: 3]NE, 22 September 2011, p 15 ln 22-25

[note: 4]SOC (No 2), pp 14-15

[note: 5]Dr Tan’s AEIC, paras 147-148

[note: 6]NE, 21 September 2011, pp 110-111

[note: 7]NE, 21 September 2011, p 16 ln 17-19

[note: 8]NE, 21 September 2011, pp 38-39

[note: 9]Defendant’s Written Submissions, para 46

[note: 10]NE, 21 September 2011, pp 97-98

[note: 11]NE, 21 September 2011, pp 83-84

[note: 12]NE, 21 September 2011, pp 80-81

[note: 13]NE, 21 September 2011 pp 46 and 47

[note: 14]NE, 21 September 2011 pp 47-49

[note: 15]Plaintiff’s closing submissions, para 44

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

