Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Liang and Sons Holdings (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Chan Ah Beng  
[2011] SGHC 236

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 251 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Hee Liang (Tan See Swan & Co) for the plaintiff;
Defendant in Person.  
Parties| :|  Liang and Sons Holdings (S) Pte Ltd — Chan Ah Beng  
  
31 October 2011|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 Liang and Sons Holdings (S) Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) filed the above
Originating Summons No 251 of 2011 (“the OS”) claiming _inter alia_ the
following reliefs against Chan Ah Beng (“the defendant”):

(a)

specific performance by the defendant of the option to purchase dated 26 July
2010 (“the Option”) for the sale and purchase of premises known as Apartment
Block 201C, Tampines Street 21 #01-16, Singapore 523201 (“the Property”)
within 14 days of the order of court;

(b)

the defendant be ordered to complete the sale of the Property to the plaintiff
within 14 days upon receipt of the approval from the Housing and Development
Board (“the HDB”) for the resale/transfer;

(c)

in the event the defendant failed or neglected or refused to convey the
Property, the Registrar of the Supreme Court be appointed to sign the
instrument of Transfer and all necessary conveyancing documents in place of
the defendant;

(d)

the defendant to pay the plaintiff interest for late completion at 10% per
annum pursuant to clause 8 of The Singapore Law Society’s Conditions of Sale
1999 (“the Conditions of Sale”) commencing from 18 November 2010 until the
actual date of completion;

(e)

damages in consequence of the defendant’s wilful delay and/or default; and

(f)

costs.

2 After three hearings, I granted an order in terms of the plaintiff’s
application. The defendant is dissatisfied with my decision and has filed a
notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 88 of 2011) against my following orders:

(a) to pay interest to the plaintiff for late completion at 10% per annum
commencing from 18 November 2010;

(b) to pay damages to the plaintiff by an account of rental at $8,000 per
month or $266.66 per day commencing from 18 November 2010 to the date of
actual completion; and

(c) costs to the plaintiff fixed at $6,000 excluding reasonable disbursements
which shall be reimbursed to the plaintiff by the defendant.

I shall now set out the reasons for my decision.

3 I should point out that the facts set out hereunder were extracted from the
three affidavits filed by the plaintiff’s director Chuang Mui Yau (“Chuang”)
as the defendant did not file any affidavits. The defendant appointed
solicitors Kertar & Co (“KC”) on 29 April 2011 (who had acted for him in
separate subordinate courts proceedings (at [12]-[13] below) but chose to act
in person on and after 17 June 2011 in these proceedings.

The facts

4 The defendantwas the owner of the (commercial) Property which he occupied
and used for his business of selling market produce.

5 On 26 July 2010, the defendant granted the plaintiff the Option to buy the
Property at $1.2m in exchange for an option fee of $12,000 paid by the
plaintiff. Under cl 8 of the Option, completion of the sale and purchase would
take place:

(i) within fourteen (14) weeks from the date of exercise of the Option; or

(ii) within fourteen (14) days upon receipt of the HDB’s approval or;

(iii) in the event that provisional approval is granted by the HDB, within
fourteen (14) days upon receipt of the HDB’s letter confirming that all
unauthorised works in the Property has been rectified by the [defendant];

whichever date is later

6 Clause 6 of the Option stated:

The sale is subject to the [plaintiff] giving the [defendant] a tenancy term
of one (1) year only for a monthly rental of $8,000.00 with effect from the
date immediately after the contractual date of completion.

while cl 9 stated:

The [defendant] and the [plaintiff] shall use their best endeavours to obtain
the HDB’s approval to the sale and purchase herein and the [defendant] shall
proceed with the submission of the HDB application form to the HDB within
fourteen (14) days from the date of exercise of the Option. The administration
fee amounting to S$535.00 payable to the HDB shall be borne by the
[defendant].

And cl 10 states:

10.1 The sale and purchase of the Property shall be subject to:

(i) the written approval from the HDB and such terms and conditions as the HDB
may impose from time to time at its absolute discretion;

(ii) …

10.2 In the event that any of the aforesaid conditions are not fulfilled
and/or breached, the [plaintiff] shall be at liberty to rescind and cancel
this Agreement (but without any obligation on the [plaintiff’s] part to do so)
by giving the [defendant’s] solicitors written notice in that behalf and upon
such notice being given, this Agreement shall be declared null and void…

10.3 Without prejudice to any of the aforesaid conditions, in the event that
the HDB does not grant written approval to the sale and purchase herein due to
circumstances beyond the control of either parties and the parties herein
having done all that is necessary for the HDB’s approval, the Agreement shall
forthwith be treated as null and void and the Deposit paid herein shall
forthwith be refunded to the [plaintiff] without any interest compensation or
deduction whatsoever and neither party shall have any claim or demand against
the other whether for costs damages compensation or otherwise.

7 The plaintiff duly exercised the Option on 12 August 2010 by paying the
(balance) 4% of the deposit amounting to $48,000 to the defendant’s solicitors
acting in the conveyance J S Yeh & Co (“JSY”). It was the plaintiff’s case
(with which the defendant disagreed) that under cl 8(i) of the Option,
completion was to take place on 18 November 2010, being fourteen weeks from
the date of exercise of the Option.

8 The Option incorporated the Conditions of Sale which Condition 8 states:

8\. **Late Completion Interest**

8.1 _Interest Payable by Purchaser_

If –

(a) …

(b) …

…

8.2 _Interest Payable by Vendor_

8.2.1 If –

(a) the sale is not completed on or before the date fixed for completion; and

(b) the delay in completion is due solely to the default of the Vendor,

he must pay interest (as liquidated damages) commencing on the day following
the date fixed for completion up to and including the day of actual
completion. Interest will be calculated on the purchase price of 10% per
annum.

8.2.2 If the Vendor has delivered vacant possession of the property before the
date of actual completion, then the interest payable to the Purchaser will be
reduced by a sum equivalent to a rent calculated on the annual value of the
property fixed under the Property Tax Act (Cap. 254).

8.3 _No Interest Payable_

No interest (as liquidated damages) will be payable if the delay in completion
is due to some cause other than the default of the Vendor or the Purchaser or
to the default of both the Vendor and the Purchaser.

9 Completion did not take place as scheduled as the plaintiff discovered that
the defendant was in breach of the conditions of his lease with the HDB as
which result, the HDB refused to approve the sale.

10 On 6 September 2010, the plaintiff’s solicitors submitted the application
for resale/transfer of the Property to the HDB. The HDB inspected the Property
on or about 15 September 2010 after which it wrote to both the plaintiff’s
solicitors and JSY on 9 November 2010 to advise it had discovered the
following irregularities during the inspection:

(a) there had been unauthorised renovation in relation to the installation of
a cold room;

(b) brackets had been installed at the shop front; and

(c) there was excessive display/storage of merchandise at the common area at
the shop front.

The said letter pointed out that display of goods at the common area of the
Property’s frontage required the approval of the Tampines Town Council (“the
Town Council”). The HDB disclosed that the Town Council had a pending court
case against the defendant. Under the HDB’s terms and conditions for
resale/transfer of commercial properties, neither the transferor nor the
transferee should have any outstanding judgments or court cases against them.
As such, the HDB advised it was unable to process the resale application
unless and until the defendant rectified his breaches.

11 In JSY’s letter dated 8 December 2010 to the plaintiff’s solicitors, the
defendant indicated he would apply to the authorities for retention of the
cold room after completion of the sale and purchase and agreed to allow JSY to
retain $10,000 from the sale proceeds as stakeholders for this purpose. The
HDB had advised JSY on 13 December 2010 (copied to the plaintiff’s solicitors)
that in the re-inspections it conducted on 29 November and 2 December 2010, it
was noted that although the defendant had removed the brackets in [10(i)], he
had failed to provide an undertaking to rectify the cold room and owed the HDB
sums of $12,019.10 and $5,913.65 (excluding double rent) on two other HDB
commercial properties for which Notices to Quit (which expired on 30 June
2010) had been issued by the HDB but the defendant had failed to comply
therewith. The plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter to JSY dated 17 December 2010
stated completion should have taken place on 18 November 2010 but because of
the defendant’s failure to give his written undertaking to rectify or retain
the cold room and the debts owed to the HDB, completion had been delayed. They
gave notice that the plaintiff would charge interest for late completion
pursuant to condition 8.2 of the Conditions of Sale (see [8]).

12 Chuang’s third affidavit had exhibited the cause papers of the Town
Council’s claim against the defendant in DC Suit No. 3475 of 2010 (“the
action”) which was commenced on 14 October 2010. The action was for trespass
by the defendant for continuously displaying for sale fruits and vegetables on
the common property (which is called the outdoor display area or the five foot
way) at the Property’s frontage for which the defendant required but had not
been granted, a Temporary Occupation Licence (“TOL”) since 1 January 2007. The
writ of summons pleaded that the defendant had been issued eleven summonses
between June 1993 and April 2009 for obstructing common property (all of which
were compounded).

13 On 10 November 2010, the defendant through KC filed a defence and
counterclaim _inter alia_ denying the Town Council’s right to sue him
(asserting the common property belonged to the HDB). The defendant
counterclaimed for damages arising from the Town Council’s frivolous/vexatious
claim. However the Town Council obtained judgment in the action against the
defendant on 27 April 2011 for his failure to comply with an earlier “unless”
order made by the district court; his counterclaim was dismissed. I should
point out that the defendant did not disclose to the plaintiff the proceedings
taken against him by the Town Council.

14 When the plaintiff discovered that the defendant had taken steps to obtain
retrospective approval of the unauthorised cold room only on or about 6
January 2011 (when he gave his long overdue undertaking to HDB to submit all
unauthorised works to the necessary government departments for approval, which
was well past the scheduled completion date of 18 November 2010), its
solicitors wrote to JSY on 19 January 2011 stating the defendant had wilfully
delayed settlement of several outstanding summonses and that was the main
reason for the HDB’s refusal to consent to the sale. The plaintiff’s
solicitors stated that interest for late completion from 19 November 2010 was
chargeable at $328.76 per day. JSY replied on 25 January 2011 denying the
plaintiff’s allegations and claimed that the defendant had settled all arrears
of service and conservancy charges (“S&C charges”) owed to the Town Council
and that the action against the defendant had been withdrawn.

15 JSY’s information was untrue as JSY received a letter (copied to the
plaintiff’s solicitors) dated 1 February 2011 from the HDB stating that the
defendant had paid the S&C arrears up to November 2010 but not those for
December 2010 and January 2011. The plaintiff’s solicitors subsequently
received a letter dated 9 February 2011 from the Town Council stating there
were pending committal proceedings against the defendant for non-compliance
with an injunction order dated 10 November 2010 (“the injunction order”) the
Town Council had obtained in the action restraining the defendant from using
the common property at the Property’s frontage to display his goods. The
plaintiff was subsequently provided with a copy of the committal order dated
18 March 2011 that the Town Council had obtained against the defendant
committing him to imprisonment for breaching the injunction order. The
plaintiff then filed the OS on 30 March 2011.

16 There was protracted exchange of correspondence between the plaintiff’s
solicitors and/or JSY/KC as well as with the HDB in May and June 2011 over the
issue of the defendant’s compliance with the HDB’s requirements and his
settlement of the action as well as the arrears of S&C charges the defendant
still owed. It included the following letters:

(a) from KC to the HDB dated 19 May 2011 claiming the defendant had used his
best endeavours to obtain HDB’s approval to the sale transaction in that he:
(a) had given his undertaking to rectify the unauthorised cold room by
engaging relevant experts to regularise its construction; removed the brackets
and removed the obstructions of the common area: (b) had paid all outstanding
S & C charges; (c) he would not be contesting the action of the Town Council
nor the injunction obtained thereunder. The defendant requested a final site
inspection by the HDB;

(b) a letter dated 25 May 2011 from the Town Council’s solicitors to KC copied
to the plaintiff’s solicitors stating that the defendant was still in breach
of the injunction order;

(c) KC’s letter dated 25 May 2011 in reply to the Town Council’s solicitors
reiterating that the defendant had cleared all obstructions and enclosing two
photographs (shown to this court at the second hearing on 24 May 2011) that
purportedly proved the common area was clear of obstructions;

(d) KC’s letter dated 25 May 2011 to the HDB repeating the contents of their
above letter to the Town Council’s solicitors and requesting approval of the
sale to the plaintiff;

(e) the HDB’s letter dated 25 May 2011 to both parties’ solicitors stating
that the Board had been advised by the Town Council’s solicitors that the
judgment sum in the action was still outstanding and that the obstruction to
the common area had not been removed. Hence, the plaintiff’s application in
[10] for the transfer of the Property was rejected. The plaintiff was advised
to resubmit the application after the defendant had settled the action with
the Town Council;

(f) on 2 June 2011, KC gave notice to the plaintiff’s solicitors pursuant to
cl 10.3 of the Option that the defendant intended to rescind the sale and
purchase in the event the HDB did not grant approval;

(g) on 3 June 2011, the plaintiff’s solicitors rejected the defendant’s
attempt to rescind the sale and purchase, _inter alia_ pointing out that the
defendant had not only failed to use his best endeavours to obtain HDB’s
approval but had wilfully caused the HDB to reject the application;

(h) On 6 June 2011 the Town Council’s solicitors wrote to the defendant copied
to the plaintiff’s solicitors JSY and KC indicating that the defendant had
attended court on 3 June 2011 and had proposed settling the Town Council’s
action (and would be attending court on 24 June 2011) by paying the judgment
sum and costs totalling $28,629.50;

(i) the above settlement was confirmed in a separate letter dated 10 June 2011
to the Town Council’s solicitors from JSY who requested that the Town Council
expedite its confirmation of settlement to the HDB to whom a fresh application
for approval had to be made;

(j) on 14 June 2011, the plaintiff’s solicitors requested confirmation from
JSY that the defendant would withdraw his notice to rescind the sale and
purchase, would undertake to resubmit the resale application to the HDB, would
consent to the plaintiff’s prayers in the OS, and would give his irrevocable
instructions to them to set aside the sum of $28,629.50 from the completion
sum to pay the Town Council;

(k) JSY informed the plaintiff’s solicitors on 17 June 2011 that the defendant
did not consent to the plaintiff’s prayers in the OS contending that no
interest for late completion was due to the plaintiff, relying on cl 8(ii) of
the Option. However, the defendant was still prepared to sell the Property to
the plaintiff and would resubmit an application to the HDB; and

(l) on the same day, the plaintiff’s solicitors gave notice to JSY that the
plaintiff would pursue its remedies at the hearing before this court on 27
June 2011.

17 Chuang on the plaintiff’s behalf took it upon himself to visit the Property
to verify the situation. He took photographs on 25 May, 29 May and 20 June
2011 respectively. He found that merchandise was still displayed at the common
property despite the defendant’s claim to the contrary.

18 There were two hearings in May 2011 before this court granted the
plaintiff’s application. On 3 May 2011, KC requested a postponement of the
hearing and urged the court to allow the defendant an opportunity to rectify
his breaches. I acceded to the request and the hearing was adjourned to 24 May
2011.

19 On 24 May 2011, KC’s counsel again requested an adjournment stating that
his firm had requested the HDB to carry out an inspection of the Property as
the defendant had cleared the obstructions on the common property, resolved
the issue of the illegal cold room and the defendant wished to settle the
judgment debt and committal order of the Town Council. KC’s counsel handed to
the court photographs the defendant had given to him a day earlier which
showed the defendant had cleared the five foot way at the front of the
Property. Counsel for the plaintiff was sceptical informing the court that
when he received a copy of the letter dated 19 May 2011 from KC to the HDB
(informing the HDB that the common property was no longer obstructed), the
plaintiff had checked on-site and found the statement to be untrue. Counsel
added that the defendant did not have a TOL to display goods at the common
property since 31 December 2006 and had refused to apply for another TOL
since. KC’s counsel however explained it was not that the defendant refused to
renew the TOL but that the Town Council had refused to renew TOLs for all HDB
shop-owners because it did not want to lease out the yellow box area of common
properties at the front of shops. I again acceded to the defendant’s request
for an adjournment.

20 At the last hearing on 27 June 2011, the defendant appeared in person. He
claimed he discharged his solicitors because they did not conduct the case
according to his instructions. He indicated he did not intend to contest the
plaintiff’s case but in fact had every intention to settle it by proceeding
with the sale. He explained the delays in completion were due to his ignorance
of HDB’s rules and regulations. The defendant then embarked on a lengthy
explanation of his family’s business of selling vegetables which was his sole
livelihood. He complained that he could not understand why the Town Council
refused to allow him to display his goods in the yellow box area/common
property when he had been doing so for 30 years. He did not realise until
March 2011 that the sale of HDB shops needed to have approval of the Town
Council and that his tussle with the Town Council would affect the sale. When
he learnt that the HDB would only grant approval to the sale if clearance was
given by the Town Council, he told the latter he would not fight any more.
Questioned by the court, the defendant claimed he had obtained approval to
retain the unauthorised cold room.

The decision

21 The court noted that as far back as December 2010 (see [11]), the
plaintiff’s solicitors had given notice to JSY that the plaintiff would be
charging interest to the defendant for late completion after 18 November 2010.
When the court pointed out to the defendant on 27 June 2011 that he was in
breach of the Option due to his problems with the Town Council and his
construction of a cold room without approval not to mention being committed to
prison for contempt of court, the defendant did not deny his breaches.
Instead, he requested the court’s assistance and claimed he had agreed to
settle the judgment debt in the action and had also agreed to pay interest and
costs as demanded by the plaintiff’s solicitors, contrary to the stand taken
in JSY’s letter dated 17 June 2011 set out in [16(k)]. Consequently, I granted
the plaintiff’s prayers in [1(d) and (f)].

22 Counsel for the plaintiff then requested that in lieu of damages (under
prayer (e) of the OS at [1]), that the court grant the plaintiff rent pursuant
to cl 6 of the Option (at [6]) from 18 November 2010 until the actual date of
completion, calculated at $8,000 per month or $266.66 per day. The defendant
complained it was unfair of the plaintiff to charge him interest for late
completion commencing from November 2010 and rent should only be charged from
January 2011 onwards. He did not elaborate further and I did not accede to the
defendant’s request for reasons set out at [24] and [25] below.

23 It was plain from the history of the sale transaction set out earlier in
[10] to [17] that the defendant had not only failed to comply with cl 9 of the
Option in that he had not used his best endeavours to obtain the HDB’s
approval to the sale and purchase but had also by his conduct, prevented the
HDB from granting the requisite approval in time for completion on 18 November
2010. He persisted in using the common property at the front of the Property
to display his goods without a TOL, despite repeated summonses being issued
against him between 1993 and 2009 by the Town Council. He constructed a cold
room without prior approval from the HDB and when his transgression was
discovered in September 2010, he dragged his feet and made no attempts to
rectify his breach until January 2011 and even then, it was only after
repeated pressing by the plaintiff’s solicitors. He caused the Town Council to
resort to legal action including the taking out of an injunction and committal
orders before he agreed to rectify his default. Further, he was less than
truthful when he repeatedly claimed (through his counsel) that he no longer
obstructed the common property with his goods when that was not true even as
of 20 June 2011.

24 The defendant’s recalcitrance and pugnacious attitude was not only
inexcusable but reprehensible. The court could not condone his wrongful
conduct by allowing him to rescind the sale and purchase under cl 10.3 of the
Option as it could not be said that the sale was delayed or could not take
place due to circumstances beyond the defendant’s control and he had done all
that was necessary to obtain the HDB’s approval to the sale. Specific
performance is an equitable remedy and he who comes to equity to be excused
from the relief must come with clean hands. In order for the defendant to be
able to rescind the sale or to have the court exercise its discretion not to
penalise him in contractual interest or other liquidated damages for late
completion, he had to be blameless as provided for under Condition 8.3 of the
Conditions of Sale. It could not be said that the defendant was blameless.
Indeed, his predicament was self-induced. Had he not constructed a cold room
without the HDB’s approval, the HDB would not have withheld its approval to
the plaintiff’s application for the transfer submitted on 6 September 2010
(see [10]). Had he complied with the HDB’s request and given his written
undertaking to rectify the unauthorised cold room as soon as he received HDB’s
letter dated 9 November 2010, HDB may well have given its provisional approval
under cl 8(iii) of the Option and completion would have been extended to
fourteen (14) days of receipt of HDB’s letter confirming all unauthorised
works had been rectified by the defendant

25 There was no valid reason why the court should deny the innocent plaintiff
the reliefs that were claimed under the OS all of which were stipulated in the
Option or provided for in the Conditions of Sale. It was for the defendant to
prove that even if he was not in breach of his lease with the HDB, did not owe
S&C charges and there was no court case pending against him by the Town
Council, the approval for the sale from the HDB could not have been given by
18 November 2010; he did not. It bears noting that the HDB had inspected the
Property quite promptly (on or about 15 September 2010) after receiving the
plaintiff’s application. Further, even if the court accepted the defendant’s
explanation that he was unaware that his dispute with the Town Council would
affect the sale of the Property, the fact remained that the defendant also
owed rent/double rent to the HDB on two other HDB properties. Surely he could
not claim to be ignorant of HDB’s policy that it would not approve the sale of
the Property unless he settled whatever sums he owed to the HDB.

26 Instead, true to his unreasonable self, the defendant chose to appeal
against the orders that I had made, notwithstanding that prayers 1(d) and (f)
were granted based on his own assurance to the court that he would pay those
items.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

