Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ABN AMRO Bank NV, Singapore Branch _v_ CWT Commodities (SEA) Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 13

Case Number| :| Suit No 275 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Herman Jeremiah, Joseph Lee, Zhulkarnian Abdul Rahim and
Ross Tan (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Kenneth Tan, SC and Soh Wei
Chi (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  ABN AMRO Bank NV, Singapore Branch — CWT Commodities (SEA) Pte
Ltd  
  
17 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The present dispute involves a claim by a bank against a warehouseman
arising from a fraud perpetrated on the bank by a borrower in respect of
collateral which the warehouseman had custody over. It raises the question of
the scope and extent of a collateral manager’s duties to his principal, as
well as issues of causation and remoteness.

The facts

Background

2 The plaintiff, ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Singapore Branch (“the Bank”), provided
trade financing to a company called Singapore Tin Industries Pte Ltd (“STI”),
which was engaged in the business of tin refining and tin trading. Pursuant to
a facilities agreement (“the Facilities Agreement”) dated 27 August 2007, the
Bank made advances to STI for the purchase of tin in various forms, such as
tin concentrate and crude tin ingots. These advances were secured, _inter
alia_ , by STI pledging the purchased tin products (and refined tin ingots
produced from its refinery) to the Bank as collateral. The present claim
revolves around a substance known as tin dross, which formed part of the
collateral pledged to the Bank by STI.

3 Tin dross is a by-product of the tin refining process. Crude tin is refined
by being placed (in the form of ingots) into a large kettle and heated above
the melting point of tin to produce molten tin. Certain processes are then
applied causing the impurities in the molten tin to rise to the surface as a
solid mixture, which is then skimmed off. This solid mixture of impurities is
then placed into a liquation furnace and heated until any excess tin in the
mixture melts and is extracted to be put back into the kettle. What is left is
a dry form of tin dross which is then taken out of the liquation furnace. Tin
dross is not a homogenous substance; it can consist of fine particles as well
as solid lumps in various shapes and sizes. The fine particles generally
consist of tin oxide while the lumps consist of iron-tin compounds and bits of
tin metal. As is obvious from the above description, tin dross contains
residual amounts of tin from the refining process.

4 The goods pledged by STI were not managed by the Bank directly. Instead, STI
and the Bank entered into a collateral management agreement (“CMA”) dated 24
August 2007 with the defendant, CWT Commodities (SEA) Pte Ltd (“CWT”), a
company that provided general warehousing services, to supervise the receipt,
storage and release of the pledged goods. CWT was previously known as C&P Asia
(S.E.A.) Pte Ltd (“C&P”) at the time of the CMA.

5 The CMA incorporated CWT’s standard Forwarding Conditions and standard
Warehousing Conditions insofar as they were not inconsistent with the
principal terms of the CMA. These two sets of standard conditions were
collectively referred to as “the FWC” in the CMA and I will adopt the same
term accordingly. CWT’s obligations under the CMA were, _inter alia_ , to
issue warehouse receipts (“WRs”) and certificates of quality (“CQs”) to the
Bank in respect of goods brought into its custody. The WRs served as an
account to the Bank that a certain type and quantity of goods had been
received by CWT to be held as the Bank’s collateral. The CQs were supposed to
confirm that the goods conformed to the Bank’s quality criteria in terms of
having a minimum tin content. For any batch of goods brought into CWT’s
custody, the Bank would require a WR and a CQ to be issued before it would
permit STI to make a drawdown under the Facilities Agreement to finance that
particular batch of goods. CWT was also not permitted under the CMA to release
any stored goods unless the Bank had issued release instructions to CWT. In
consideration for its services, CWT charged a monthly management fee of
US$4,000 which was payable by STI.

6 For the purposes of fulfilling its obligations under the CMA, CWT leased a
warehouse (“the Warehouse”) from STI within STI’s own premises at 61 Tuas
Crescent and another warehouse at 1 Tuas Avenue 3 from a related company, C&P
Asia (S) Pte Ltd. The latter warehouse is not relevant for present purposes.
CWT had sole management and control of the Warehouse and STI personnel had no
access to it. All goods pledged by STI to the Bank were stored by CWT in the
Warehouse.

The Bank’s financing of tin dross

7 During the period of the CMA, CWT issued WRs and CQs in respect of goods
delivered by STI into its custody. The collateral received by CWT consisted of
tin ingots (both refined and unrefined), tin concentrate, tin slag and tin
dross. With regard to tin dross in particular, CWT issued WRs and CQs in
respect of seven batches of tin dross pledged by STI to the Bank, the details
of which are set out as follows:

WR Number |  Date of WR |  Weight of tin dross (metric tons) |  Tin content as indicated by CQ (%)  
---|---|---|---  
WRC20070901363 |  10 September 2007 |  136.686 |  94  
WRC20071202088 |  6 December 2007 |  205.8775 |  85.9  
WRC20080100126 |  18 January 2008 |  240.2005 |  91.86  
WRC20080200442 |  21 February 2008 |  276.7615 |  86.69  
WRC20080300882 |  28 March 2008 |  327.2105 |  81.96  
WRC20080601868 |  10 June 2008 |  290.6495 |  87.45  
WRC20080601881 |  11 June 2008 |  69.7050 |  87.45  
  
  

8 For the purpose of issuing the CQs, CWT did not itself analyse the tin
dross. The first batch (_ie_ , WRC20070901363) was analysed by Singapore Test
Services Pte Ltd (“STS”). The first batch of tin dross had actually been
pledged by STI to its previous financier, the Development Bank of Singapore
Ltd (“DBS”) and held by CWT under a collateral management agreement with DBS
similar to the present CMA. Although the analysis was carried out by STS, CWT
issued its own CQ for DBS under its letterhead repeating the result of STS’
analysis.[note: 1] When the Bank took over from DBS as STI’s banker, CWT
issued a fresh WR to the Bank for this batch of tin dross while using the same
results from the original by STS to issue a fresh CQ for the Bank.[note: 2]

9 The subsequent batches of tin dross were analysed by Alex Stewart Assayers
(S) Pte Ltd (“Alex Stewart”). Alex Stewart would analyse samples and issue
certificates of analysis indicating only the percentage of tin content
measured. Thereafter, CWT issued its own CQs to the Bank under its letterhead
repeating the results of Alex Stewart’s analyses, but stating that the
analyses were conducted by Alex Stewart. CWT also attached the original
certificates of analysis issued by Alex Stewart to its own CQs.

10 Based on the WRs and CQs issued by CWT for tin dross, the Bank advanced the
following sums to STI:

Date of loan |  Amount |  Repaid by STI?  
---|---|---  
7 September 2007 |  US$2,443,230.18 |  Yes  
10 December 2007 |  US$1,572,625.50 |  Yes  
31 December 2007 |  US$846,798.34 |  Yes  
21 January 2008 |  US$3,047,702.98 |  Yes  
26 February 2008 |  US$3,538,287.22 |  Yes  
2 April 2008 |  US$2,291,036.08 |  No  
4 April 2008 |  US$2,336,439.60 |  No  
17 June 2008 |  US$4,850,256.04 |  No  
18 June 2008 |  US$1,124,352.28 |  No  
  
  

STI’s fraud

11 Unfortunately for the Bank, STI had been perpetrating a fraud on it. This
fraud essentially consisted of the round-tripping of tin dross inventory. The
seven batches of tin dross stored by CWT (referred to at [7] above) were
purportedly purchased by STI from third parties and sold to other third
parties and the Bank advanced money to STI in the belief that it was financing
such purchases. The Bank subsequently issued release instructions to CWT to
deliver the tin dross to STI, who was then supposed to deliver it to the third
party buyer. Out of the seven batches of tin dross, the Bank issued release
instructions to CWT for the first five batches. No release instructions were
given for the remaining two batches, _ie_ , WRC20080601868 and WRC20080601881.
The release instructions were given on the following dates:

(a)

WRC20070901363 – 29 November 2007

(b)

WRC20071202088 – 14 and 15 January 2008

(c)

WRC20080100126 – 18 and 19 February 2008

(d)

WRC20080200442 – 25 March 2008

(e)

WRC20080300882 – 6 June 2008

12 However, apparently, no actual sale of tin dross was made and the released
stocks of tin dross were never physically removed from the Warehouse. This was
because STI chose not to take physical delivery of the tin dross from CWT, but
instead signed to acknowledge receipt of the same and gave instructions for
the same to be retained in the Warehouse. CWT thus held onto the released
batches of tin dross but placed them apart from the collateral that was still
held for the Bank.

13 The tin dross that was released from the Bank’s security (but which
physically remained in the Warehouse) was subsequently combined with
additional tin dross which STI delivered to the Warehouse from outside to
obtain an additional advance from the Bank. This additional dross had been
generated by STI itself from its refining process. CWT would then issue a
fresh WR and CQ to the Bank in respect of the combined tin dross. The tin
dross that was previously released (and placed apart from the Bank’s remaining
collateral) and the additional tin dross would then be placed together with
the remaining collateral. From CWT’s perspective, this was done on the basis
that STI had re-pledged the released batch of tin dross to the Bank as fresh
security together with the additional dross brought into the Warehouse. The
Bank did not know that the tin dross being pledged included those previously
released as it had thought that the released tin dross had been sent to the
third party buyer. It believed instead that the tin dross was purchased
entirely from a third party by STI.

14 The following is an illustration of how the round-tripping of tin dross
worked. CWT issued a WR and CQ for 136.686 metric tons of tin dross on 10
September 2007. This was the first batch of tin dross stored in the Warehouse
which the Bank had taken over from DBS. This batch of tin dross was released
for sale on 29 November 2007 and STI would have signed to acknowledge receipt
of the tin dross although the tin dross did not leave the Warehouse
physically. Subsequently, STI delivered 69.1915 metric tons of tin dross to
the Warehouse from its own refinery. This additional tin dross was combined
with the released batch of tin dross to form a new batch of tin dross
totalling 205.8775 metric tons. This became the second batch of tin dross and
CWT accordingly issued a fresh WR and CQ for it on 6 December 2007. The
process then repeated itself with STI adding new quantities of tin dross
produced from its refinery each time round. This was the reason for the
increasing quantity of tin dross in each subsequent batch pledged as
collateral.

15 The effect of these transactions was that the Bank ended up advancing money
to STI in the belief that STI’s existing stocks of tin dross were being sold
for value, and that it was financing the purchase of new batches of tin dross.
The reality was that the Bank was advancing money on the security of tin dross
produced entirely by STI and left to accumulate in the Warehouse.

STI’s default and the Bank’s attempt to realise its security

16 STI defaulted on its loans in early July 2008. On 20 October 2008, the Bank
appointed one Timothy Reid (“the Receiver”), a partner of Ferrier Hodgson Pte
Ltd, as receiver and manager of the goods stored by CWT. STI’s fraud was
subsequently uncovered through the Receiver’s investigations. The Receiver
then attempted to dispose of the remaining tin inventory in the Warehouse.

17 Around the same time, CWT on the instructions of the Bank had appointed a
company called Inspectorate (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Inspectorate”) to take
samples of and analyse tin dross in the Warehouse. On 17 October 2008,
Inspectorate took samples to do the analysis. The results from the analysis
showed that the tin content in the dross varied considerably and, more
importantly, was lower than what was represented in the CQs.

18 On or about 28 November 2008, Inspectorate took samples of tin dross to
conduct a second analysis, this time on the instructions of the Receiver. The
results of this second analysis were similar to the first in that the tin
content in the drums of tin dross tested was lower than what the CQs
represented and contained a large degree of variance.

19 To make matters worse, the Bank said that it was not even able to sell the
tin dross to recoup a part of the monies it had advanced to STI because the
dross was contaminated. The Receiver alleged that a prospective third party
buyer had offered to purchase the Bank’s stock of tin dross and tin
concentrate, and to dispose of the tin slag in the Warehouse, for US$10,000.
Apparently, the buyer was unable to offer more because the tin dross contained
toxic substances. The Receiver informed the Bank of this matter and the Bank
decided to dispose of the tin dross rather than risk a breach of any
environmental regulations. On or about 6 August 2009, the Receiver appointed a
waste management company, ECO Special Waste Management Pte Ltd (“ECO”), to
dispose of the tin dross and tin concentrate. Prior to disposal, ECO conducted
random tests on two samples of the dross. The results showed that the samples
tested had very low tin content and lead was also detected. The Receiver
understood from relevant environmental regulations that once lead was detected
in waste material, it was classified as toxic waste which required
solidification and stabilisation treatment before it could be disposed of. The
Receiver ended up incurring $104,860 in fees to ECO to treat and dispose of
the contaminated tin dross.

20 The Bank managed to recover part of STI’s overall outstanding loans by
looking to its other forms of security. Through the efforts of the Receiver,
the Bank managed to sell the remaining goods in the Warehouse (consisting of
tin ingots and tin concentrate), as well as STI’s premises at 61 Tuas Crescent
and the machinery contained therein. The Receiver also applied for and
obtained a winding-up order on 17 July 2009 against a company called KJP
International (S) Pte Ltd (“KJP”), which was one of STI’s major debtors. KJP
played a role in the round-tripping of tin dross inventory by STI and this
will be elaborated on below.

21 The Bank also issued a request under a standby offtake contract dated 2
October 2007 between the Bank and a Chinese company called Yunnan Tin Co Ltd
(“Yunnan Tin”). This standby offtake contract was part of the Bank’s security
under the Facilities Agreement and essentially obligated Yunnan Tin to
purchase, upon the Bank’s request, STI’s tin inventory in such quantity and
upon such terms as the Bank may specify in its request. However, Yunnan Tin
refused to comply with the Bank’s request to purchase the tin dross (before it
was disposed of by the Receiver) apparently on the basis that tin dross was
not within the scope of the standby offtake contract. The Bank commenced
arbitration proceedings against Yunnan Tin on 16 April 2009. Those proceedings
are ongoing.

22 Lastly, the Bank called on the personal guarantees given by STI’s directors
pursuant to the Facilities Agreement and eventually obtained bankruptcy orders
against them. STI itself was wound up on 18 December 2009 upon the application
of the Bank.

23 Despite the Bank’s efforts to realise its security, there was still an
outstanding amount of more than US$50m. The Bank accordingly brought this
action against CWT in early 2009 in respect of the unpaid part of its advances
which was used to finance the purchase of tin dross, alleging that CWT had
breached its contractual obligations to the Bank or had fraudulently or
negligently made representations to it which caused it to continue advancing
money to STI based on, _inter alia_ , the security of the tin dross.

The Bank’s claim

24 The Bank’s complaint against CWT rests on two main grounds. First, CWT was
contractually obliged to release tin dross (when authorised by the Bank) by
physically delivering the tin dross out of the Warehouse to the party
designated by the Bank _ie_ , STI. It was not to allow a notional delivery and
retain tin dross in the Warehouse, whether or not the tin dross was segregated
from the remaining collateral. Likewise, CWT was contractually obliged to
accept tin dross only if it was physically delivered into the Warehouse and
not if the tin dross was already in the Warehouse.

25 The Bank further contended that it was an implied term of the CMA that CWT
would inform the Bank if the released tin dross was not in fact delivered out
of the Warehouse and also if the tin dross for which WRs and CQs were issued
was not in fact tin dross delivered into the Warehouse, but was part of the
dross retained in the Warehouse, although segregated from the remaining
collateral. In omitting to inform the Bank, CWT had falsely represented that
the released tin dross was physically delivered out of the Warehouse and that
tin dross for which WRs and CQs were issued was physically delivered into the
Warehouse.

26 The Bank’s second complaint against CWT was that CWT had issued false or
misleading CQs which represented that the tin dross in the Warehouse contained
a higher percentage of tin than was actually the case.

27 The Bank alleged that by reason of CWT’s wrongs as described above, it
advanced money to STI to finance alleged purchases of tin dross which it
otherwise would not have done. The total outstanding amount of these advances
(referred to at [10] above) is US$10,602,084. The Bank has also claimed the
additional $104,860 incurred in treating and disposing of the tin dross.

CWT’s defence and counterclaim

28 CWT raised a number of defences to the Bank’s claim. First, it contended
that tin dross was not even covered by the CMA.

29 Secondly, even if tin dross was covered by the CMA, CWT contended that:

(a) it was allowed to keep released tin dross in the Warehouse so long as they
were segregated from the remaining collateral and to issue WRs and CQs for tin
dross which included those retained and segregated in the Warehouse;

(b) it was under no duty to inform the Bank that released tin dross was not
physically delivered out of the Warehouse or that tin dross for which WRs and
CQs were issued included those retained and segregated in the Warehouse; and

(c) it assumed no responsibility for the analyses for tin dross which were
carried out by Alex Stewart; and, in any event, the Bank did not establish
that the level of tin stated in such analyses was incorrect.

30 Thirdly, CWT contended that even if it had breached the CMA or its duty of
care to the Bank, the Bank’s loss was not caused by such breach, but rather by
its own failure to properly assess the creditworthiness of STI and to note red
flags in the course of its dealing with STI. Fourthly, the loss suffered by
the Bank was too remote in any event.

31 CWT was also relying on a number of exclusion and limitation clauses
contained in the CMA. It has since abandoned its reliance on these clauses.

32 Finally, CWT is also counterclaiming against the Bank for the sum of
US$8,000 as two months’ outstanding management fees under the CMA.

Whether tin dross was covered by the CMA

CWT’s case

33 Counsel for CWT, Mr Kenneth Tan, submitted that tin dross was not covered
by the CMA. The term “Goods” was defined in Clause 1.1 of the CMA to mean “all
tin ingots (whether in the form of SN or SN+) and work in progress from time
to time delivered to C&P by or on behalf of BORROWER”.[note: 3] SN and SN+
were in turn defined to mean unrefined raw material and refined tin ingots of
London Metal Exchange (“LME”) grade respectively, while “Work In Progress” was
defined as “the period in which and process of, the Goods being converted from
SN to SN+”.[note: 4] Mr Tan thus argued that “Goods” under the CMA referred to
tin ingots, whether they were being stored in the Warehouse or in the process
of being refined. Tin dross, as a by-product of the refining process, could
not conceivably be work in progress as it cannot be put back into the refinery
to obtain refined tin of LME grade. Thus, CWT’s obligations to the Bank in
relation to tin dross were governed instead by the FWC referred to at [5]
above. There were therefore two separate regimes. The first was for tin ingots
and Clauses 1 to 17 of the CMA (_ie_ , all the clauses of the CMA) applied to
that. The second regime was for tin dross, for which none of the clauses in
the CMA applied and only the FWC applied.

34 Mr Tan supported his argument by pointing out that Appendix IV of the CMA
expressly set out a process for CWT to conduct analyses on samples of tin
ingots under its custody using an instrument called an ARC/Spark Optical
Emission Spectrometer for the purposes of issuing CQs for tin ingots.[note: 5]
In contrast, the CMA did not stipulate any process for the analysis of tin
dross and the ARC/Spark Optical Emission Spectrometer used to analyse tin
ingots was not suitable for analysing tin dross.

35 Mr Tan also sought to rely on Clauses 16.5 and 16.6 of the CMA which stated
that any waiver or amendment (respectively) of the CMA would only be effective
if it was made in writing.[note: 6] As there was neither a waiver nor an
amendment, the Bank could not contend now that tin dross was covered by the
CMA.

The Bank’s case

36 Counsel for the Bank, Mr Herman Jeremiah, submitted on the other hand that
tin dross was covered under the CMA because it could be classified as either
work in progress forming part of the “Goods” under Clause 1.1 of the CMA, or
tin concentrate which was undefined. Mr Jeremiah pointed out that the phrase
“work in progress” in the definition of “Goods” was not capitalised and should
not be taken to refer to “Work In Progress” which was defined elsewhere in
Clause 1.1 to refer to a period of time instead of physical goods. Mr Jeremiah
thus argued that tin dross could constitute work in progress because it was a
product that had not reached its end stage and could be further treated to
extract its tin content.

37 Mr Jeremiah submitted in the alternative that tin dross could be considered
as a form of tin concentrate. As tin concentrate was not defined in the CMA,
Mr Jeremiah contended that it should be taken to refer to anything containing
a high percentage of tin. This interpretation was supported by the evidence of
one of the Bank’s witnesses, Clement Tan, who was a relationship manager of
the Bank and who was part of the Bank’s deal team in the negotiations leading
to the Facilities Agreement and CMA. Clement Tan testified that when these
agreements were negotiated, no one had an expert knowledge of tin products and
the Bank’s paramount concern at the time in relation to the collateral pledged
by STI was whether it contained a high level of tin.[note: 7] Thus, the Bank
had not intended to restrict the scope of the Facilities Agreement and CMA to
limited, specific types of tin products only.

38 Mr Jeremiah lastly submitted that in any event, CWT was estopped by
convention from denying that tin dross was covered by the CMA because both it
and the Bank had always acted under such an assumption. Clause 5.6 of the CMA
stated that CWT shall not issue WRs in respect of “Goods” that did not conform
to the Bank’s quality criteria.[note: 8] Since CWT had issued WRs in respect
of tin dross, it must have regarded tin dross as falling within the scope of
the CMA. The same reasoning applied when CWT issued CQs in respect of tin
dross as there was no requirement for CQs to be issued if only the FWC
applied.

39 Mr Jeremiah also pointed out that CWT had originally conceded in its
pleadings that tin dross was treated by the parties as being covered under the
CMA. In its Defence and Counterclaim filed on 15 June 2009, CWT stated at para
7:

Paragraph 5 of the Statement of Claim is admitted to the extent that Tin Dross
was also treated by the parties as being covered under the CMA, save that the
Quality Certificates to be issued in respect of the Tin Dross under the CMA
were based on quality analyses carried out by Messrs Alex Stewart Assayers (S)
Pte Ltd.

It was only from 9 June 2010 when CWT filed its Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 3) that it took the position, for the first time, that tin dross
was not covered by the CMA. Mr Jeremiah thus contended that CWT’s change in
position was a clear afterthought.

The court’s decision

40 I am of the view that it is not necessary for me to rule whether, as a
matter of contractual interpretation, tin dross fell within the scope of the
CMA. The evidence shows quite clearly that both the Bank and CWT had operated
on the assumption that it did. In coming to this finding, I took the following
factors into account.

41 First, there was only one regime under the CMA. Goods either came within
the CMA or they did not. The recitals to the CMA referred only to “the Goods”
as defined therein. If a particular type of goods came within the CMA, then
the CMA applied together with the FWC except to the extent of any
inconsistency between the two documents, in which case the terms of the CMA
prevailed. The FWC was part of the CMA and did not apply separately and
independently of the CMA as Mr Tan had submitted.

42 Secondly, while the FWC might also suggest the issuance of WRs, there was
no requirement thereunder for the issuance of CQs. I agree with Mr Jeremiah
that there was no reason for CWT to issue CQs for tin dross unless it had
regarded tin dross as falling under the CMA. Mr Tan argued that although CWT
had no obligation to issue CQs for tin dross if it was not covered by the CMA,
CWT was not precluded from doing so. In other words, CWT could do more than it
was obligated to do. However, this really begs the question why CWT bothered
to issue CQs for tin dross (which also involved obtaining analyses from Alex
Stewart) in the first place. Although CWT’s director and main witness, Glen
Creighton (“Creighton”) testified in cross-examination that CWT issued CQs for
tin dross to the Bank at STI’s request,[note: 9] he did not explain why STI
would have made such a request if tin dross was not covered by the CMA. He
also did not explain why CWT issued CQs for tin dross under its own letterhead
instead of simply forwarding the original certificates of analysis by Alex
Stewart to the Bank, if he believed that tin dross was not covered by the CMA.

43 This brings me to a third point: tin dross was not even supposed to be
stored in the Warehouse if it was not covered by the CMA. Clause 9.2 of the
CMA provided that STI “shall not allow or attempt to store or place any other
goods in the Warehouse Facilities without the prior written consent of ABN
AMRO and C&P.”[note: 10] As will be seen below, Creighton was fully aware of
this provision. At no time did he consider STI to be in breach of it when tin
dross was stored in the Warehouse. I have already rejected Mr Tan’s submission
that there were two regimes, one of which was purportedly separate from the
CMA.

44 Finally, I come to arguably the most damning evidence against CWT on this
point. I agree with Mr Jeremiah that the initial position taken by CWT in its
pleadings was further evidence that the parties had acted on the basis that
tin dross was covered by the CMA. Creighton claimed in cross-examination that
CWT had actually clarified instead of changed its position when it amended its
Defence and Counterclaim in 9 June 2010 to contend that tin dross was not
covered by the CMA.[note: 11] I do not accept his evidence because it is clear
that CWT had made a complete U-turn in its defence. Creighton’s evidence about
clarification reflected poorly on his credibility.

45 The law on estoppel by convention is settled. In _Travista Development Pte
Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 (“ _Travista Development_
”), the Court of Appeal held at [31] that the following elements must be
present to found an estoppel by convention:

(a) The parties must have acted on an assumed and incorrect state of fact or
law in their course or dealing.

(b) The assumption must be either shared by both parties pursuant to an
agreement or something akin to an agreement, or made by one party and
acquiesced to by the other.

(c) It must be unjust or unconscionable to allow the parties (or one of them)
to go back on that assumption.

46 As regards the first element, I do not read the Court of Appeal’s judgment
in _Travista Development_ as laying down a rule that the party seeking to
invoke the estoppel also has to _prove_ that the assumed state of fact or law
is incorrect. The doctrine of estoppel by convention operates to preclude a
party from denying the truth of an assumed state of affairs if it would be
unjust or unconscionable to allow him to go back on it: _Singapore
Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 195 at
[28]. Although the assumed state of affairs would usually turn out to be
incorrect in most cases, the actual veracity or falsity of the assumption is
irrelevant because the estopped party is simply barred from putting it in
issue. The parties’ rights are regulated “not by the real state of facts, but
by that conventional state of facts which the two parties agree to make the
basis of their action”: per Lord Blackburn in _Burkinshaw v Nicolls_ (1878) 3
App Cas 1004 at 1026. There is thus no need for the Bank to prove that the
assumption in this case was false in order to invoke estoppel by convention.

47 On the facts, both CWT and the Bank had acted on the basis that tin dross
fell within the CMA and this assumption was shared by both parties pursuant to
the CMA. It would be unjust in the circumstances to allow CWT to go back on
this assumption because it knew that the Bank would be acting on the basis
that tin dross came within the CMA and advance money on the security of the
tin dross even though CWT was not aware of the exact details of the financing
arrangement between the Bank and STI. Thus, CWT is estopped from contending
that tin dross did not fall under the CMA.

48 I also reject Mr Tan’s reliance on Clauses 16.5 and 16.6 of the CMA. The
parties had assumed that tin dross was covered by the CMA and thus the
question of waiver or amendment did not arise.

Whether CWT was under a duty to inform the Bank that tin dross was not
physically leaving and entering the Warehouse and whether it had breached that
duty

The Bank’s case

49 Mr Jeremiah submitted that CWT was obligated under the CMA to ensure that
batches of tin dross released pursuant to the Bank’s release instructions were
physically delivered out of the Warehouse. CWT was also obligated not to issue
any WRs or CQs for new batches of tin dross that were not physically received
into the Warehouse from outside. In this regard, Mr Jeremiah relied on Clauses
5.3 and 6.5 of the CMA. Clause 5.3 stated:[note: 12]

C&P represents and warrants that any Warehouse Receipts issued by C&P are on
the basis of quantity of the Goods _actually received into_ the Warehouse
Facilities in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

[emphasis added]

50 Clause 6.5 of the CMA stated:[note: 13]

(a) C&P shall at all times ensure that releases are carried out on a tonnage
basis, with no separation or segregation by type or by grade of the goods; and
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement.

(b) In the case of Goods released for the purpose of being refined into SN+,
all tin ingots released shall be delivered directly into the Refinery and
signed for by BORROWER, unless otherwise directed by ABN AMRO.

(c) _In all other cases, all Goods released shall be delivered out of the
relevant Warehouse Facility and signed for by ABN AMRO’s nominee_.

(d) ...

[emphasis added]

51 Mr Jeremiah also relied on Clause 9.2 of the CMA which, as mentioned above
at [43], stipulated that STI shall not allow or attempt to store or place any
other goods in the Warehouse without the prior written consent of the Bank and
CWT. He submitted that Clause 9.2 precluded the storage of released tin dross
with remaining tin dross still held as the Bank’s collateral.

52 By reason of the above obligations, Mr Jeremiah submitted that it was an
implied term of the CMA that CWT would inform the Bank if these physical
movements were not taking place. This was because such an implied term was
necessary to give business efficacy to the CMA.

53 Mr Jeremiah further relied on two of CWT’s own documents to support the
implication of such a term. First, CWT’s manual of standard operating
procedures stated at Clause 8.01:[note: 14]

If goods have been released and signed for, but have not physically left the
warehouse, we are still technically responsible for their care and protection.
In such cases, domestic HQ must issue a separate daily report showing details
of released goods still in warehouse. This in turn must be forward by Back
Office Singapore to the financing bank, until such time as the goods actually
leave the warehouse.

Creighton admitted in cross-examination that these guidelines represented best
practices.[note: 15]

54 Secondly, there was a page from CWT’s website promoting its expertise in
collateral management services for banks and financial institutions involved
in trade finance. The website stated, _inter alia_ , that CWT “provides banks
and clients with an impartial and professional service in support of
international trade”,[note: 16] and contained a diagram illustrating CWT’s
involvement as the collateral manager in a typical trade financing
arrangement. This diagram showed that goods which were the subject of trade
finance would be delivered from CWT to a third party buyer. The third party
buyer pays the trader for the goods, and the trader in turn repays the
financing bank. Creighton admitted in cross-examination that he was familiar
with this diagram.[note: 17] Mr Jeremiah submitted that CWT was thus aware
that there had to be movement of goods in a trade financing arrangement in
order for the financing bank to be paid.

55 Mr Jeremiah concluded that since CWT did not inform the Bank that tin dross
was not physically leaving and entering the Warehouse, it had breached the
implied term of the CMA.

CWT’s case

56 Mr Tan submitted that when Clause 5.3 of the CMA was read in context and in
accordance with commercial intent, CWT would have “actually received” tin
dross when it took the tin dross into its custody, whether the tin dross came
from outside the Warehouse or not.

57 As for CWT’s obligation in releasing tin dross, Mr Tan relied on Clause 6.4
of the CMA which stated:[note: 18]

C&P shall have no responsibility or liability towards BORROWER, ABN AMRO or
any other party for the Goods after they have been properly released from the
Warehouse Facilities in accordance with ABN AMRO’s Release Instructions and
signed for by BORROWER.

Due to a drafting error, there were actually two Clauses 6.4 in the CMA. Mr
Tan was referring to the first Clause 6.4. Mr Tan argued that since STI had
already signed to acknowledge receipt of the tin dross from CWT, the dross was
considered to be properly released to STI and there was no further obligation
on CWT.

58 Mr Tan thus concluded that CWT’s duties to the Bank only related to keeping
intact the tin dross held by it as collateral for the Bank, and that such
duties ceased once the Bank had issued release instructions for the dross and
STI signed to acknowledge receipt of the same. If STI subsequently chose to
re-pledge the released tin dross as fresh collateral, that was its
prerogative. CWT’s role was that of a mere warehouseman and it was not privy
to the financial arrangement between STI and the Bank, or the commercial
transactions between STI and third parties. It was therefore not CWT’s
responsibility to enquire further if tin dross which had been released to STI
for the purposes of sale to third parties was instead re-presented as fresh
collateral.

59 Mr Tan further pointed out that CWT had to deliver the tin dross to STI at
the same premises used by both parties (_ie_ , 61 Tuas Crescent). It therefore
made little difference if the released tin dross had been physically moved out
of the Warehouse for a few metres and brought back in later. Creighton
testified in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that it was not
unusual for STI to experience delays in the physical collection of released
goods and it was practical in such situations that CWT allowed STI to keep the
released tin dross in the Warehouse until physical collection was
required.[note: 19]

60 Similarly with regard to batches of tin dross being pledged or re-pledged,
Mr Tan submitted that there was also no requirement for such goods to be
physically received from outside the Warehouse before CWT could issue WRs and
CQs. As long as the goods did not already form part of the existing stock of
collateral, CWT could receive it. Mr Tan argued that because there was no
obligation on CWT to ensure that tin dross was physically leaving and entering
the Warehouse, it would therefore have no duty to inform the Bank that any
dross which was released had in fact remained in the Warehouse.

61 Finally, Mr Tan sought to rely on Clause 9.1 of the CMA which stipulated
that CWT was to demarcate and designate a separate area in the Workshop for
storage of “the Goods exclusively”.[note: 20] He argued that this meant that
CWT could store released tin dross in a different part of the Warehouse.

62 As for Clause 9.2 of the CMA, Mr Tan suggested in his opening statement
that it imposed an obligation on STI but not CWT not to store other tin dross
with tin dross still held as collateral.

The court’s decision

63 I am of the view that when Clauses 5.3 and 6.5 are read together, it is
clear that they related to the physical movement of pledged goods into and out
of the Warehouse. Indeed, the words used in Clause 5.3 are “actually received
into”. In my view this means physical receipt of goods into the Warehouse.

64 The reference in Clause 6.5(c) that released goods shall be “delivered out”
of the Warehouse was also self-explanatory. It clearly referred to physical
delivery out of the Warehouse. Significantly, Mr Tan did not suggest any other
meaning but he sought to avoid Clause 6.5(c) by relying on Clause 6.4 as I
mentioned above. In my view, Clause 6.4 did not assist CWT because it
proceeded on the premise that goods have been “properly released”. There was
no elaboration on what that phrase meant.

65 Indeed, it appears that CWT itself initially acted on the basis that
released goods which were not physically delivered out of the Warehouse would
still be regarded as part of the Bank’s collateral. In January 2008, the
Bank’s officer Frank Egberts (“Egberts”), who was at the material time in
charge of approving STI’s requests for drawdowns under the Facilities
Agreement, asked CWT why goods that had been released by the Bank were still
reflected in CWT’s weekly reports as remaining in the Warehouse. CWT’s
officer, one Debby Subramaniam, replied in an email dated 25 January 2008 as
follows:[note: 21]

Dear Frank,

With regards to your queries below, we’ve received & acknowledged the
authorized releases for WRC20071202299 on various dates. The release
authorisations were then emailed to our colleagues situated at STI premises.

_However, as the goods are still physically in our warehouse, we do not deduct
the stocks from our system. Thus, you’ll still be able to see the balance
quantity in our weekly stock report_.

_It’s only when the receiver comes to actually collect the goods & they are
physically taken out from the warehouse, do we then deduct the stocks from the
system. This is to ensure the accuracy of goods being released out of the
warehouse_. Therefore, the Date Out column in the stock movement report shows
the actual release date being appended.

[emphasis added]

66 A draft of the above reply had been reviewed by Creighton before it was
sent to Egberts. Creighton sought to explain during the trial that what Debby
Subramaniam meant was that it was only if the goods had not been _signed for_
by STI that they would still be regarded as part of the Bank’s
collateral.[note: 22] However, it is clear to me that that was not what Debby
Subramaniam was saying. Creighton was again not being truthful. In my view CWT
had initially acted on a certain basis _i.e_. that it would still record goods
remaining in the Warehouse as part of the Bank’s collateral even if they had
been signed for by STI after the Bank had issued release instructions to CWT.
Presumably, CWT changed this practice some time later so that the goods were
no longer recorded as part of the Bank’s collateral once STI had signed for
them, but apparently, the Bank was not notified of the change.

67 As for Clauses 9.1 and 9.2, they must be considered together. The duty to
demarcate and designate a separate area for storage of goods used as
collateral must be read together with the duty not to commingle them with
other goods. I accept that it might have been arguable that the reference to
“other goods” in Clause 9.2 meant other types of goods _eg_ , copper as
opposed to tin, but that was not Mr Tan’s argument. He accepted that the
reference to “other goods” in Clause 9.2 referred to released tin dross as
well (if tin dross came within the CMA).[note: 23] His argument instead was
that Clause 9.2 imposed an obligation on STI only. In my view that cannot be
right. If STI was precluded from storing released tin dross in the Warehouse
then it must follow that CWT could not allow released tin dross to be retained
in the Warehouse.

68 Although Creighton said in cross-examination that the provision in Clause
9.2 against commingling would only arise if there was a threat of the Bank’s
goods being contaminated or compromised,[note: 24] his testimony was
contradicted by an email which he himself had written. In an email dated 14
November 2008 to CWT’s operations assistants in charge of the Warehouse, Anson
Yip and Devan Subramaniam, Creighton wrote:[note: 25]

Dear Anson and Devan,

Tan Aik Kiat of Ferrier Hodgson just called. He wants to move some tin ingot
which is currently sitting outside our warehouse at STI and put it into the
warehouse managed by CWT.

Although _this would technically constitute commingling and therefore a breach
of the CMA_ , we will proceed to move this material into our managed warehouse
on the basis that it gives the Bank and / or creditors additional security
and, is therefore in the best interests of all parties.

Devan/Anson please tally and, weigh this material as it enters the warehouse
and keep it in a clearly defined separate area from Bank financed material.
Send us your tally reports upon completion and, we in turn will put these
ingots onto our daily stock and inventory reports.

_For the sake of good order, we would ask that ABN AMRO confirm their
understanding and acceptance of this arrangement so that CWT does not incur
any liabilities, as a result of commingling_.

[emphasis added]

69 This email was followed by another email dated 17 November 2008 to the
Bank’s officers Tjeerd Buurma and Clement Tan, where Creighton wrote:[note:
26]

Dear Tjeerd and/or Clement,

Just for the sake of good order, can you please acknowledge and confirm
acceptance of commingling status.

I inspected the cargo on Friday afternoon and can assure you that it is
clearly segregated from other Bank financed material and, stored in separate
identifiable lots.

70 The above email clearly showed that Creighton regarded the placing of other
goods in the Warehouse to be in breach of Clause 9.2 of the CMA,
notwithstanding that such goods were segregated from the Bank’s collateral and
there was no risk of physical commingling or contamination.

71 In my view, it is clear from Clauses 5.3, 6.5(c) and 9.2 of the CMA that
CWT was to physically deliver tin dross out of the Warehouse after its release
by the Bank, and to issue WRs and CQs only in respect of tin dross physically
received into the Warehouse. I am also of the view that such an obligation was
mandated not only by a plain reading of the above clauses, but by a contextual
interpretation of the CMA.

72 It must be remembered that the CMA was not an ordinary warehousing contract
for the storage of goods, but a contract for the storage and management of
goods as part of a trade finance arrangement. In such arrangements, the
financing bank pays for goods which the borrower purchases from a third party
seller and then pledges to the bank as security. When the borrower sells the
goods to another third party, the bank will release the goods from its custody
and get repaid when the third party buyer pays the borrower.

73 In other words, goods pledged in the context of a trade finance arrangement
should not be physically remaining in the custody of the financing bank or its
collateral manager once they are released by the bank. Similarly, goods which
the bank decides to finance should not be coming from goods physically within
the bank’s or its collateral manager’s custody since they are supposed to have
been purchased from a third party. This was something CWT must have known
generally (even if it did not know the exact details of the financing
arrangement between STI and the Bank), as was evidenced by the diagram
displayed on its website (see [54] above). In addition, CWT’s own manual of
standard operating procedures directed CWT to inform the financing bank if
released goods did not physically leave its warehouse (see [53] above).

74 I am of the view, from a plain and contextual reading of the provisions of
the CMA that there was an implied term for CWT to inform the Bank if tin dross
was not physically leaving and entering the Warehouse.

75 The law governing the implication of terms into a contract was
comprehensively stated in _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak
Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927, where Andrew Phang Boon Leong J held that a term
would be implied into a contract in fact if it passed the complementary
“business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests. In reviewing the
authorities, Phang J cited with approval the following passage from Scrutton
LJ’s judgment in _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company (Ramsbottom), Limited
and Elton Copdyeing Company, Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 at 605:

A term can only be implied if it is necessary in the business sense to give
efficacy to the contract; that is, if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said to the parties, “what will happen in such a case,” they would
both have replied, “Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble to
say that; it is too clear.” Unless the Court comes to such conclusion as that,
it ought not to imply a term which the parties themselves have not expressed.

76 In my judgment, it was necessary for the efficacy of the CMA to imply a
term that CWT would inform the Bank if the pledged goods including tin dross
were not physically leaving and entering the Warehouse after they were
released by the Bank and re-pledged by STI respectively.

77 I should mention another point. Email between Creighton and CWT’s staff
indicated that the danger of double financing was brought to Creighton’s
attention but he was of the view that STI was not engaged in double financing
but repeat financing and he saw nothing wrong with the latter. In other words,
STI was not obtaining financing from two lenders at the same time on the same
batch of goods, _ie_ , double financing. It had obtained the Bank’s release of
one batch of goods which was used (with an additional quantity) to obtain
financing again, _ie_ , repeat financing. In his view, there was nothing wrong
with STI obtaining repeat financing if the Bank was prepared to release the
goods from its collateral and then advance money on the same goods again.
While there is some merit in Creighton’s view, it is important to note that
the Bank was not aware that it was advancing money on the same batch of goods.

78 It is also important to remember that each time the Bank released its
collateral it was for the purpose of allowing that batch of goods to be
delivered to a purchaser thereof. In other words, the Bank believed that the
tin dross could be sold and was being sold to third party purchasers. CWT must
have known that much because although the Bank’s release instructions to CWT
designated STI as the receiving party, the name of the third party purchaser
was usually also mentioned therein. It seemed to me that Creighton had
overlooked these facts.

79 So even if CWT did not know that the Bank had believed that STI was
purchasing the tin dross initially, CWT knew, at the least, that the Bank was
acting on the basis that the released tin dross was being sold.

80 As for Mr Tan’s argument that there would not have been much practical
difference if the tin dross had been delivered out of the Warehouse after
their release by the Bank, and then brought back in again by STI when they
were re-pledged as fresh collateral, this was a separate point that was not
relevant here.

81 If the released tin dross had been physically delivered out of the
Warehouse to STI and if CWT knew that STI was using it as fresh collateral by
re-delivering it to the Warehouse, it is arguable whether CWT would still be
under a duty to inform the Bank that the tin dross was not in fact delivered
to a third party buyer. However, this question did not arise on the facts
before me. I am satisfied that CWT was in breach of the implied provision in
the CMA requiring it to inform the Bank if tin dross was not physically
leaving or entering the Warehouse.

Whether CWT had assumed responsibility for the analyses of tin dross conducted
by Alex Stewart

82 The Bank’s second complaint against CWT relates to the CQs the latter
issued in respect of tin dross. As shown from the table above at [7], the CQs
represented the tin dross to be of a generally high tin content, with 81.96%
being the lowest and 94% being the highest. The Bank contended that in
reality, the tin content found in the dross was much lower and varied
significantly. CWT had thus breached the CMA by issuing false or misleading
CQs for tin dross.

CWT’s case

83 Mr Tan submitted that even if tin dross was covered by the CMA, CWT should
not be responsible for the analyses of tin dross for the second and subsequent
batches for which the analyses were conducted by Alex Stewart.

84 Creighton had testified in his AEIC that CWT had no expertise in analysing
tin dross.[note: 27] That was why the tin dross was analysed by another party.
In this regard, Mr Tan relied on Clause 6.3 of CWT’s standard Warehousing
Conditions which formed part of the FWC. It stated:

The Company [meaning CWT] shall not act as an expert in relation to the nature
or quality of the Goods and shall not be required or be obliged to provide any
notification to any party whatsoever in relation to the state, nature or
quality of the Goods.

85 Creighton also said that because CWT was not assuming responsibility for
the analyses done by Alex Stewart, CWT had varied the content of the CQs it
issued for tin dross from the sample CQ found in Appendix III of the CMA which
was a sample CQ for tin ingots. The sample CQ contained the following two
sentences:[note: 28]

This certificate reflects our findings at time and place of analysis. We
confirm that the tin ingots sampled comply with ABN AMRO Bank N.V., Singapore
Branch’s minimum quality criteria under the Collateral Management Agreement
dated _________ between Singapore Tin Industries Pte. Ltd., ABN AMRO Bank
N.V., Singapore Branch and C & P Asia (S.E.A.) Pte Ltd.

86 In contrast, the CQs issued by CWT in respect of tin dross analysed by Alex
Stewart did not contain the sentences reproduced in the above paragraph.
Instead, each CQ stated:[note: 29]

Quality analysis carried out by Messrs Alex Stewart Assayers (S) Pte Ltd and,
commissioned by Singapore Tin Industries. Copy of original Certificate of
Analysis attached.

87 Egberts testified for the Bank in cross-examination that he noticed that
the sentences referred to (at [85] above) were not included in the CQ issued
by CWT for tin dross, but acted on the basis that it was still a CQ required
of and issued by CWT under the CMA.[note: 30] The basic format of each CQ for
tin dross was similar to that provided in the sample CQ in Appendix III of the
CMA.

The Bank’s case

88 Mr Jeremiah relied on the following to support his submission that CWT was
responsible for the results of the analysis of tin dross by Alex Stewart:

(a) the CQs were issued on CWT’s letterhead;

(b) each CQ mentioned the WR which it related to;

(c) each CQ mentioned the percentage of the tin content in the tin dross which
was the subject matter of the WR referred to in the CQ;

(d) the CQs resembled the format of the sample CQ prescribed in Appendix III
of the CMA; and

(e) the CQs were signed by a director of CWT.

89 Mr Jeremiah also submitted that the fact that Alex Stewart was used was not
unusual as Clause 3.1 of the CMA provided that CWT “may render the services
described in this Agreement through its agent, but, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the FWC, shall at all times remain wholly responsible for
the due performance of its obligations and liabilities under this
Agreement”.[note: 31]

The court’s decision

90 Clause 6.3 of the Warehousing Conditions (see [84] above) was subject to
the provisions of the CMA. CWT and the Bank had acted on the basis that under
the CMA, CWT was supposed to issue CQs for tin dross and accept responsibility
for their contents. Under Clause 3.1 of the CMA (see [89] above), CWT could
perform its obligations through another party but would remain liable for the
same. Indeed, CWT accepted that it was responsible for the analysis for the
first batch of tin dross carried out by STS. I am of the view that the mere
fact that the analysis was done by a third party was neither here nor there.

91 As for the argument that CWT’s CQs based on the analyses by Alex Stewart
did not contain the said two sentences in the sample CQ, I note that CWT’s CQs
based on the analysis by STS also did not contain the second of the said two
sentences, _ie_ , the sentence confirming that the tin dross complied with the
Bank’s minimum quality criteria. Yet, CWT agreed that it had accepted
responsibility for the CQs it had issued based on STS’ analysis.

92 So, CWT’s CQs based on STS’ analysis did contain the first of the said two
sentences “This certificate reflects our findings at time and place of
analysis” whereas CWT’s CQs based on Alex Stewart’s analyses did not. Did this
difference mean that CWT did not accept responsibility for Alex Stewart’s
analyses?

93 In my view, CWT was trying to have its cake and eat it. On the one hand, it
did not want to be responsible for the analyses done by Alex Stewart but, on
the other hand, it did not want to tell the Bank this openly. It knew that
under the CMA, a CQ had to be issued by it for each WR it issued. If an
analysis was done by a third party, CWT must have known that it had to adopt
the analysis otherwise the Bank would not accept the tin dross, for which the
analysis was made, as collateral. So, CWT issued CQs under its own letterhead
but, as mentioned, it deleted the said two sentences from the CQs which were
based on Alex Stewart’s analyses.

94 In my view, if CWT did not wish to accept responsibility for such analyses,
it should not have issued CQs on its letterhead which repeated the results of
the analyses. Indeed, Mr Tan had some difficulty explaining why it did so, if
not to adopt responsibility for the analyses.

95 I therefore find that CWT was responsible for the contents of the CQs it
issued for tin dross, notwithstanding that the analyses were carried out by
Alex Stewart.

Whether the CQs were false or misleading

96 Although CWT was responsible for the CQs it issued for tin dross, the
burden still lies on the Bank to establish that the substance of the CQs was
false or misleading.

97 Neither side called Alex Stewart to give evidence. As stated earlier (see
[17]–[19] above), the quality analyses conducted by Inspectorate and ECO
suggested that the tin content in the dross was actually very low and varied
considerably.

98 However, as regards the second analysis by Inspectorate, there was a
question as to whether samples were taken from the relevant drums of tin dross
or not. Hence the Bank no longer relied on that analysis.

99 As for the first analysis by Inspectorate and the one by ECO, according to
the evidence of CWT’s expert witness, Choong Phak Leng (“Choong”), there was a
certain method to ensure that the taking of samples of tin dross was
accurately done. This was because tin dross is not a homogenous substance (as
mentioned above at [3]). However, apparently, that was not the method used to
take samples of the tin dross for analysis by Inspectorate and by ECO. This
meant that the results from the analyses by Inspectorate and ECO themselves
were unreliable. As such, the Bank did not place much reliance on these
results in its closing submissions. Instead, it contended that it was
mathematically impossible for the tin dross in the Warehouse to have an
average tin content of more than 80%.

100 Mr Jeremiah’s mathematical argument was founded on Clause 4 of Appendix I
to the CMA, which stated as follows:[note: 32]

Subject to the limits and conditions set out in clause 6 of the Agreement, SN
tin ingots shall be released by ABN AMRO for refining purposes and thereafter,
converted to SN+ which shall be of LME grade and quality (minimum 99.90% tin
content). BORROWER shall ensure that for every one metric tonne of SN released
for refining, a minimum of 0.9985 metric tonne of SN+ is returned to C&P’s
custody and control after the WIP process. ... C&P shall also promptly notify
ABN AMRO in the event that the quantity of SN released for processing is not
returned to C&P as SN+ within a reasonable time or if the quantity of SN+
returned is less than that to be returned in accordance with ABN AMRO’s
conversion formula.

101 Mr Jeremiah explained Clause 4 of Appendix I to mean that the Bank and STI
had agreed on a conversion formula stipulating that for every one ton of crude
tin released to STI for purposes of refining, STI would return 0.9985 tons of
refined tin back to the Bank’s custody and CWT was to notify the Bank if this
formula was not adhered to. Since Creighton confirmed in cross-examination
that CWT had never once informed the Bank that the formula was not
observed,[note: 33] Mr Jeremiah submitted that it had been adhered to. Mr
Jeremiah therefore submitted that nearly all the tin content in the crude tin
released for refining was converted into refined tin, which implied that the
actual amount of tin lost through the refining process and found in the tin
dross was extremely small. Since it is not disputed that all the tin dross in
the Warehouse in fact came from STI’s refinery and not from outside sources,
it was mathematically impossible for the dross to contain 80% or more tin
content if the formula agreed on between the parties was adhered to.

102 The difficulty with this line of argument is that it assumed that the
formula agreed on by the parties was in fact observed. Although Creighton was
not aware of any notification by CWT to the Bank that the formula had not been
observed, it is not clear if he was even the person who was checking to ensure
that the formula was observed. What the formula demanded, in essence, was a
near-perfect rate of conversion of crude tin into refined tin which might well
depend on the quality of the crude tin ingots and the efficiency of STI’s
refining process on which no evidence was given.

103 Mr Jeremiah also attempted to rely on an admission given by Choong at the
end of cross-examination in which he appeared to agree that if crude tin
ingots of 99.85% tin content were put into the refinery, then the tin content
in the tin dross which came out of the refining process was going to be much,
much less.[note: 34] However, Choong’s answer must be seen in the context of
his entire cross-examination. Mr Jeremiah had earlier asked Choong to make
three assumptions: (1) that STI had a state of the art refinery; (2) that the
formula given was workable; and (3) that CWT had not notified the Bank that
the formula had been deviated from.[note: 35] It was on these assumptions that
Mr Jeremiah asked Choong at the end of cross-examination whether refining
crude tin of 99.85% tin content would end up producing tin dross of low tin
content and Choong agreed. This admission does not assist the Bank’s case
because it has failed to produce any real evidence to show that the
assumptions, which its mathematical calculations were based on, were correct.

104 The problem for the Bank was that it was initially relying on the results
from Inspectorate and ECO to prove that the CQs issued for tin dross were
inaccurate. When it appeared that these results were not reliable, the Bank
then switched tactics and sought to rely on the mathematical formula. Except
for Creighton’s evidence that he was not aware of any notification from CWT to
the Bank that the formula had not been observed, there was no other evidence
on this point.

105 I will briefly address Mr Jeremiah’s remaining arguments on this issue.
First, Mr Jeremiah submitted that CWT had misrepresented the tin content in
the tin dross in the CQs simply by mentioning a single percentage figure for
each batch of tin dross, whereas CWT had admitted in its own pleadings and
through Choong that tin dross is not uniform and that the tin content in dross
is likely to vary from drum to drum.

106 However, I find that the Bank’s concern related more to the allegedly low
tin content of the tin dross rather than the fact that the tin content was not
uniform. If the average tin content was not lower than that stated in each CQ,
the Bank would not be complaining.

107 Mr Jeremiah also pointed out that the samples of tin dross given to Alex
Stewart for analyses were taken by STI’s and not CWT’s staff. While this may
suggest a lax attitude by CWT, it was actually irrelevant because neither side
relied on the analyses by Alex Stewart for the trial.

108 Mr Jeremiah also submitted that the fact that the Receiver was offered
only US$10,000 for the entire stock of tin dross and tin concentrate, and to
dispose of the tin slag, was evidence that the tin content in the dross was
very low. I cannot accept this submission. I have noted earlier (at [19]
above) that the prospective buyer of the tin dross had apparently informed the
Receiver that it was unable to offer a higher price because the dross was
contaminated with toxic substances, not because the tin dross had a low tin
content. By the way, it was also not clear how the buyer had concluded that
the dross was contaminated with toxic substances, and why and how and when
this contamination had accrued.

109 As for the analysis conducted by ECO (see [19] above), aside from the fact
that it had not used the correct method to take samples of tin dross, there
was also no elaboration as to whether lead is necessarily or frequently found
in tin dross, and whether only a certain amount of lead would lead to a
conclusion that the tin dross is contaminated. There was also no elaboration
as to how the presence of lead would affect the value of tin dross. This would
affect the quantum of the Bank’s loss which I will come to later.

110 Although the evidence of Choong suggested that tin dross normally contains
tin content of between 50% and 70%, neither side relied much on this evidence.
This was presumably because Choong stated in his AEIC that his experience with
tin products came from his work with one specific company, Escoy Smelting Pte
Ltd (“Escoy”), where he had worked for over 30 years.[note: 36] He further
explained during cross-examination that he had arrived at the figure of
50%–70% based on samples of tin dross he had taken during his entire career
with Escoy.[note: 37] In other words, while Choong was familiar with tin
products and tin refining processes in general, he was not in a position to
give specific evidence about STI’s particular tin refining process and the
quality of the material used in its refining.

111 I therefore find that the Bank has failed to prove on a balance of
probabilities that the CQs issued by CWT for tin dross were false or
misleading.

Whether CWT’s breach of the CMA by failing to inform the Bank that tin dross
was not physically leaving and entering the Warehouse caused the Bank’s losses

The Bank’s case

112 Mr Jeremiah submitted that the Bank would not have suffered losses of
US$10,602,084 and $104,860 but for CWT’s breach of the CMA. He referred to the
case of _Sunny Metal & Engineering Pte Ltd v Ng Khim Ming Eric_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 782 (“ _Sunny Metal_ ”) where the Court of Appeal held (at [63]) that
the “but for” test in tort also applied in contract cases to determine whether
a defendant’s breach had, as a matter of fact, caused the plaintiff’s loss.

113 Applying this test to the present facts, Mr Jeremiah submitted that if CWT
had informed the Bank of the non-movement of tin dross in and out of the
Warehouse, the Bank would have discovered that the dross was being round-
tripped and consequently would not have advanced money to STI based on the
security of the tin dross. This was evidenced by the testimony of Clement Tan
and Egberts. Clement Tan elaborated that the Bank would have demanded an
explanation from STI and terminated the Facilities Agreement if it had known
about the round-tripping of tin dross,[note: 38] while Egberts said that he
would not have approved STI’s requests for drawdowns if he had known of the
same.[note: 39] Since the Bank would not have financed the tin dross if it had
known about the round-tripping, it would follow that the Bank would also not
have incurred the treatment and disposal costs of $104,860 when it discovered
that the tin dross was contaminated with lead.

CWT’s case

114 Mr Tan, on the other hand, argued that the Bank had caused its own loss by
extending loans to STI without heeding various red flags that had been raised.

115 First, all the tin dross that was purportedly being sold to STI had come
from KJP (whom I referred to above at [20]). The various invoices KJP
issued[note: 40] to STI in respect of these purported sales showed that both
companies shared the same address _ie_ , 61 Tuas Crescent. The invoices were
also signed on behalf of KJP by Janice Ku, who was one of STI’s main
directors.

116 Secondly, STI had purportedly sold tin dross to third party companies by
the names of Penggerang Pte Ltd, Rich Achieve Enterprise Ltd, and River Bright
Industrial Co. However, the SWIFT advices in respect of the payments for some
of these alleged sales showed that it was KJP who had been making the payments
to STI.[note: 41] Thus the alleged vendor of tin dross to STI was also the
paymaster for STI’s sales.

117 Thirdly, there was a letter dated 25 February 2008 from STI to the Bank
where STI’s address was displayed as “10 Ubi Crescent, #05-27 (Lobby B) Ubi
Techpark”.[note: 42] This address was identical to that of Penggerang Pte Ltd,
one of the third party “purchasers” of tin dross.

118 Mr Tan thus argued that the Bank had access to all this information and
was in a position to make further enquiries. Had it probed further, it would
have realised that STI was actually buying and selling tin dross from itself
and could have stopped the fraud in its tracks.

119 Mr Tan further contended that at the very least, the Bank should have
closely scrutinised the price KJP charged STI for the purported purchases of
tin dross since it knew STI and KJP were closely related companies.

120 Mr Tan concluded that on the whole, the Bank had been rather lax in its
dealings with STI and this was further evidenced by the fact that the Bank had
not taken steps to monitor the movement of the released tin dross to ensure
that it was delivered to its purchasers. Mr Tan concluded that this lax
attitude was the effective cause of the Bank’s losses, not CWT’s breaches of
the CMA.

The court’s decision

Preliminary issue – Lack of particulars in CWT’s pleadings

121 I will first address a preliminary objection taken by Mr Jeremiah. CWT in
its Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3) had pleaded at para 40(b):

Any alleged loss or damage allegedly suffered by the Plaintiff is a
consequence of its own assessment of the financial creditworthiness of STI
and/or a result of its own financial interactions or further dealings with STI
(and possibly others) with regard to or in relation to the financing of the
goods, which the Defendant is not privy to.

122 Mr Jeremiah submitted that CWT’s pleadings were too vague and lacked
sufficient particulars to give the Bank any notice of the case it would have
to meet. CWT had in fact taken advantage of this vagueness to fish for
evidence during the trial to support its contentions on causation. As a
result, the Bank had been embarrassed and prejudiced and CWT should thus not
be allowed to pursue its above arguments on causation. In this regard Mr
Jeremiah referred to the case of _Thomas & Betts (S.E. Asia) Pte Ltd v Ou Tin
Joon_ [1998] SGHC 57 (“ _Thomas & Betts_”) where Lai Siu Chiu J held (at
[23]):

It is a clear rule of pleading that ‘every pleading must contain the necessary
particulars of any claim’ (O 18 r 12(1) of the RSC). In the absence of
providing adequate particulars, and in the absence of any explanation as to
why these particulars were inadequate, I was constrained in finding that there
were insufficient facts in the pleadings to support the cause of action. I did
not think it fair that a plaintiff should be allowed to allege first, and then
through the process of discovery or interrogatories, hope to substantiate
those allegations later – that would be tantamount to ‘fishing’ which any
court would vigilantly guard against in balancing the interests and rights of
the parties concerned.

123 It bears noting that Lai J’s decision in _Thomas & Betts_ was one
involving the striking out of a statement of claim at the interlocutory stage.
It was not a case where a party had proceeded all the way to trial without
giving sufficient particulars in his pleadings and was subsequently precluded
from relying on them, despite no earlier objection being taken by the other
side. If the Bank felt prejudiced by the vagueness of CWT’s pleadings, it
should have applied for further and better particulars and/or to strike out
that part of CWT’s defence at the outset. Having come all the way to trial
without any objection, the Bank cannot be heard to complain now about the lack
of particularisation.

124 Mr Jeremiah argued that the onus of particularisation should be on CWT and
that the Bank has no duty to assist CWT in pointing out inadequacies in its
case. With respect, Mr Jeremiah’s argument misses the point. It is one thing
to assist the other side by pointing out the inadequacies in its case, and
another thing to _object_ to being prejudiced by such inadequacies.

125 In any event, CWT did plead the following in paragraph 40(c) of its
Defence and Counterclaim (Amendment No 3):

It is denied that the performance of the duties undertaken by the Defendant
pursuant to the CMA caused any alleged loss or damage allegedly suffered by
the Plaintiff. Further, the Defendant is not liable for any such alleged loss
or damage as they are too remote and the Defendant further cannot reasonably
be regarded as having undertaken responsibility for such alleged loss or
damage.

In my view, it was still for the Bank to establish that CWT’s failure to
inform it of the movement of tin dross caused it to continue to finance the
tin dross and the subsequent cost of treating and disposing of the tin dross.

Whether CWT’s failure to inform the Bank of the non-movement of tin dross
caused the Bank’s losses

126 I accept Mr Tan’s submission that there had been red flags relating to KJP
and the third party purchasers of tin dross which the Bank could have picked
up on, but did not. What would have happened if CWT had informed the Bank
about the non-movement of the tin dross? It was likely that the Bank would
have asked STI for an explanation as Clement Tan himself alluded to in his
AEIC, but it seems to me that it does not necessarily follow that the Bank
would have terminated the Facilities Agreement. This was a quantum leap. In my
view the likely scenario was that STI would have given some sort of
explanation to the Bank. The Bank might have accepted the explanation or STI
and the Bank might have reached some other arrangement.

127 I would add that Clement Tan had probably exaggerated when he said that
the Bank would have terminated the entire Facilities Agreement. That was a
comment made with the benefit of hindsight. The Bank might have terminated the
financing of the tin dross if it was not satisfied with any explanation given
by STI, but not necessarily the entire Facilities Agreement. Indeed, Egberts
said in his AEIC that he would not have approved drawdowns in respect of the
purchases of tin dross if he had known about the round-tripping of the
same.[note: 43] He did not say the Bank would have terminated the Facilities
Agreement.

128 However, in the circumstances, I do not conclude that the Bank would
necessarily have terminated the financing of the tin dross had it been
informed by CWT about the non-movement of the same.

129 It seems to me that the omission to tell the Bank about the non-movement
of tin dross meant that the Bank had lost the chance of seeking an explanation
from STI and reviewing its own position, with the possibility of terminating
the financing of the tin dross. This “loss of a chance” analysis was mentioned
as a possible approach on the question of causation in _Sunny Metal_ at [74].
Unfortunately for the Bank, it has not claimed for the loss of a chance here.

130 Therefore, I reject the Bank’s allegation that it would necessarily have
terminated the Facilities Agreement or even the financing for tin dross if CWT
had informed it that tin dross was not leaving and entering the Warehouse.

Whether the CQs caused the Bank’s losses if they were false or misleading

131 I have already found above that the Bank has failed to prove that the CQs
issued by CWT for tin dross were false or misleading. However, for the sake of
completeness, I would add that even if the Bank had proven that the tin
content in the dross was lower than what was reflected in the CQs, it did not
necessarily follow that the Bank would have terminated the financing of the
tin dross.

132 Egberts alluded to the figure of 70% in cross-examination as being the
minimum required tin content for any tin product before the Bank would finance
that particular product.[note: 44] This figure was presumably derived from the
CMA which stipulated a minimum required tin content of 70% for “Tin
Concentrates”.[note: 45] However, it is unclear whether the figure of 70%
automatically applied to tin dross.

133 Even if I accept Egberts’ evidence that 70% was the minimum required tin
content for tin dross, what that means is that the Bank has to prove not only
that the tin content in the CQs was incorrect, but that it was less than 70%.
If the tin content in the tin dross was still over 70%, the Bank would still
have advanced money to STI, albeit of a lesser amount.

Whether the Bank’s losses are too remote

134 I next consider whether the Bank’s losses of US$10,602,084 in unpaid
advances and $104,860 incurred in treating and disposing of the tin dross are
too remote in any event. The law on remoteness of damage in Singapore contract
law was definitively settled in the recent Court of Appeal decision in _MFM
Restaurants Pte Ltd v Fish & Co Restaurant Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGCA 36 (“ _MFM
Restaurants_ ”). The court affirmed the continued application of the
principles laid down in _Hadley v Baxendale_ (1854) 9 Exch 341 and elaborated
upon in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008]
2 SLR(R) 623, in that a plaintiff claiming for breach of contract may only
recover in respect of damages which (1) were reasonably contemplated as liable
to result from the breach, or (2) which the defendant had actual knowledge of.
The court in _MFM Restaurants_ expressly rejected the additional legal
criterion of assumption of responsibility introduced by Lord Hoffmann in
_Transfield Shipping Inc v Mercator Shipping Inc, The Achilleas_ [2009] 1 AC
61.

135 I am of the opinion that the Bank’s loss in financing tin dross is not too
remote as a _type_ of damage if causation had been established. It was
reasonably contemplated that the Bank would finance the tin dross based on the
security of the WRs and CQs issued by CWT.

136 If CWT had also breached the CMA in issuing false or misleading CQs, the
Bank’s loss would likewise be reasonably contemplated in relation to such a
breach.

137 I reject Mr Tan’s argument that the only losses by the Bank which were
reasonably contemplated were those relating to any damage or loss to the
security itself. Mr Tan’s argument assumes that CWT’s only responsibility was
to safeguard the Bank’s security but, as I have said above (at [71]–[74]), CWT
also had obligations as a collateral manager within the context of a trade
finance arrangement and these obligations extended to informing the Bank if
there was no physical movement of the goods it was financing.

138 As for the $104,860 which the Bank incurred in the treatment and disposal
of the tin dross, I am of the view that such loss is too remote to be
recoverable by the Bank in any event, whether or not CWT’s fault consists of
the failure to inform it about the non-movement of tin dross and/or the
issuance of inaccurate CQs. The Bank’s loss here resulted from the tin dross
being contaminated with lead, which was not something that was reasonably
contemplated. It seems that the scope of CWT’s duties to the Bank in respect
of tin dross was only to determine the tin content therein and did not extend
to testing the tin dross for lead. That is why the Bank accepted the CQs even
when they reflected the tin content only.

139 Indeed, it was also not made clear to me why a potential purchaser would
offer US$10,000 for the tin dross and tin concentrate when it would cost
$104,860 to treat and dispose of the tin dross. There was no elaboration as to
how much the tin concentrate was worth. I was not satisfied that the Bank had
reasonably incurred such a cost in the circumstances.

The appropriate quantum of loss

140 Even though the Bank’s financing of tin dross was not too remote a type of
damage, this does not mean that CWT would be liable to compensate the Bank for
the full US$10,602,084 (assuming the other elements of the Bank’s claim are
made out). The Bank would still have to prove that it was reasonable for it to
advance US$10,602,084 on the security of tin dross based on the formula agreed
between the Bank and STI. This is an issue not of remoteness, but quantum.

141 For example, suppose it was established that the objective value of the
tin dross at the time of the advances (based on the tin content reflected in
the CQs) was US$1m, it would be reasonable for the Bank to advance an
equivalent amount, minus a margin, to STI. Would it then be reasonable for the
Bank to have advanced US$10m based on the security of the US$1m tin dross, and
expect CWT to indemnify it for the full sum it had advanced? The answer
clearly is “no”. Although it was reasonably contemplated that the Bank would
lend money on the security of the WRs and CQs issued by CWT, this does not
mean that CWT should be held liable for any amount of money that the Bank
chose to advance to STI. Therefore, it was incumbent on the Bank to show that
its formula to determine the quantum advanced was reasonable and that the
amount it advanced, on the assumption that the tin content as stated in the
CQs for tin dross was accurate, was reasonable.

142 In this regard, some consideration of the Facilities Agreement between the
Bank and STI is required. Clause 1 of the Facilities Agreement provided the
following definitions:[note: 46]

**Advance Rate** shall be as described in Clause 4(2)(b);

**Borrowing Base** means the aggregate value of the Eligible Assets secured to
the Bank calculated by reference to the Advance Rate for the relevant Eligible
Assets, as further described in Clause 4(2);

**Eligible Assets** means collectively the Eligible Inventory, Eligible
Receivables and the Cash & Proceeds in Collection Account;

**Eligible Inventory** means collectively:

(a) Raw Materials (concentrate and slag) and Work-in Progress, fully owned by
the Borrower and stored in an approved warehouse in Bangka, Indonesia, managed
by the Collateral Manager and supported by warehouse receipt(s) issued by the
Collateral Manager;

(b) Crude Tin Ingot, fully owned by the Borrower and stored in an approved
warehouse in Bangka, Indonesia, managed by the Collateral Manager and
supported by warehouse receipt(s) issued by the Collateral Manager;

(c) Crude Tin Ingot in-transit from Indonesia to Singapore, fully owned by the
Borrower, together with a full set of 3/3 original bills of lading consigned
to the Bank or blank endorsed and presented to the Bank;

(d) Crude Tin Ingot and Work-in-Progress, fully owned by the Borrower stored
in an approved warehouse in Singapore managed by the Collateral Manager and
supported by warehouse receipt(s) issued by the Collateral Manager;

(e) Tin Ingot fully owned by the Borrower stored in an approved warehouse in
Singapore managed by the Collateral Manager and supported by warehouse
receipt(s) issued by the Collateral Manager;

(f) LME Warehouse Receipt, held by the Bank and/or its duly appointed agent
and/or the Collateral Manager for and on behalf of the Bank; and

(g) Tin Ingot in transit to the buyers from the Borrowers, fully owned by the
Borrower, together with a full set of 3/3 original bills of lading consigned
to the Bank or blank endorsed and presented to the Bank;

143 Clause 4(2)(b) of the Facilities Agreement stated:[note: 47]

The Borrowing Base shall be determined based on the Eligible Assets secured to
the Bank, calculated as follows:

_Borrowing Base Category_ |  _Advance Rate_  
---|---  
Eligible Inventory (a), (b) & (c) |  80% of Invoice Price or Market Price, whichever is lower  
Eligible Inventory (d), (e), (f) & (g) |  85% of Invoice Price or Market Price, whichever is lower  
...  
  
  

144 Finally, Clause 4(2)(c) of the Facilities Agreement stated:[note: 48]

For purposes of calculating the Borrowing Base, the relevant Market Price of
the respective Eligible Inventory shall be calculated based on the prevailing
LME price determined as follows or on such other basis as the Bank may in its
absolute discretion deems fit:

_Eligible Inventory_ |  _Market Price_  
---|---  
Eligible inventory (a) • For concentrates: • For slag: |  LME price × concentration × 88% LME price × concentration × 65%  
Eligible inventory (b), (c) and (d) |  LME price – USD100  
Eligible inventory (e), (f) and (g) |  LME price  
  
  

145 Mr Tan proceeded on the basis that the percentages of 88% and 65% for tin
concentrates and tin slag respectively were used by the Bank to factor in the
cost of extracting pure tin from these two products, and transportation costs.
This was accepted by Clement Tan in cross-examination, but actually, there was
no other evidence that the Bank had applied its mind to the cost of extracting
tin from these two products or the transportation costs. Indeed, Clement Tan
also said that these were arbitrary formulae inherited from the previous
financing arrangement that STI had obtained.[note: 49]

146 As for tin dross, there was no prescribed formula in the Facilities
Agreement as to how much money the Bank would advance to finance the dross.
Apparently, the Bank and STI eventually agreed that the Market Price for tin
dross would be calculated as: (LME price – US$100) multiplied by the
percentage of tin content stated in the CQs. This was also the price which KJP
“charged” STI for each batch of tin dross. The Bank would then finance 85% of
the Market Price under Clause 4(2)(b) of the Facilities Agreement.

147 What all this meant, basically, was that the Bank was financing 85% of
each batch of tin dross which STI “purchased” from KJP based on KJP’s invoice
price, which was in turn based on the Market Price agreed upon between the
Bank and STI for tin dross. However, the Bank did not establish that at the
time of the advances the formula of (LME price – US$100) multiplied by the
percentage of tin content stated in the CQs, used to calculate the Market
Price of tin dross, was reasonable. Neither did it establish that it was
reasonable to lend 85% of such Market Price.

148 Furthermore, if indeed tin dross can be contaminated because of the
presence of lead as the Bank was suggesting after the event, there was no
evidence as to how often lead is found in tin dross and what amount of lead
would constitute contamination and how this would affect the value of the tin
dross and the computation of the amount to be advanced.

149 The truth of the matter is that the Bank did not know what it was doing
especially when it came to tin dross. It simply agreed to an arbitrary formula
to determine the amount to be advanced on the security of tin dross (in
addition to the other security it had), without even establishing the
objective value of tin dross with such tin content as stated in the CQs.

150 In the circumstances, I find that the Bank has also not established that
it was reasonable for it to advance what it did and accordingly it has not
established the quantum of its loss.

The Bank’s alternative claims

151 In light of my above findings, it is not necessary for me to deal with the
Bank’s alternative claims for fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation as it
would encounter the same problems relating to causation and quantification of
loss.

CWT’s counterclaim

152 CWT’s counterclaim clearly has no merit. Clause 11.1 of the CMA states
that STI was to pay CWT’s fees and charges. Clause 11.3 further states that if
STI does not pay any fee or charge, CWT’s only remedy shall be a claim against
STI for damages.[note: 50] The Bank has no liability to CWT under the CMA.

Conclusion

153 For the foregoing reasons, I dismiss both the claim and counterclaim. I
will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Glen Creighton’s AEIC at p 179.

[note: 2]Glen Creighton’s AEIC at p 182.

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents (“PCB”) 18.

[note: 4]PCB 18–19.

[note: 5]PCB 43.

[note: 6]PCB 31–32.

[note: 7]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) 16/8/10 at pp 58, 61, 82.

[note: 8]PCB 23.

[note: 9]NE 28/9/10 at pp 6–7.

[note: 10]PCB 27.

[note: 11]NE 28/9/10 at p 28.

[note: 12]PCB 22.

[note: 13]PCB 24.

[note: 14]PCB 595.

[note: 15]NE 28/9/10 at p 70.

[note: 16]PCB 664.

[note: 17]NE 27/9/10 at pp 129–130.

[note: 18]PCB 24.

[note: 19]AEIC of Glen Creighton at para 43.

[note: 20]PCB 27.

[note: 21]PBD 37.

[note: 22]NE 29/9/10 at p 56.

[note: 23]NE 27/9/10 at pp 8-9.

[note: 24]NE 28/9/10 at pp 62–63.

[note: 25]PCB 512.

[note: 26]PCB 517.

[note: 27]AEIC of Glen Creighton at para 26.

[note: 28]PCB 42.

[note: 29]PCB 192.

[note: 30]NE 19/8/10 at p 38.

[note: 31]PCB 20.

[note: 32]PCB 36.

[note: 33]NE 28/9/10 at pp 73–74.

[note: 34]NE 27/9/10 at p 93.

[note: 35]NE 27/9/10 at pp 49–50.

[note: 36]AEIC of Choong Phak Leng at paras 3–4.

[note: 37]NE 27/9/10 at p 66.

[note: 38]AEIC of Clement Tan at para 28.

[note: 39]AEIC of Frank Egberts at para 32.

[note: 40]PCB 189, 206, 228, 284, 341, 349, 432, 440.

[note: 41]PBD 261–267.

[note: 42]PCB 283.

[note: 43]AEIC of Frank Egberts at para 32.

[note: 44]NE 19/8/10 at p 34.

[note: 45]PCB 35.

[note: 46]PCB 86–87.

[note: 47]PCB 97.

[note: 48]PCB 98.

[note: 49]NE 16/8/10 at p 67.

[note: 50]PCB 28.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

