Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chiu Teng Enterprises Pte Ltd _v_ Attorney-General  
[2011] SGHC 77

Case Number| :| Suit No 629 of 2010 (Summons No 901 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Seow Zhixiang AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Eu (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the applicant;
Shawn Ho (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chiu Teng Enterprises Pte Ltd — Attorney-General  
  
31 March 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Seow Zhixiang AR:

1 This is an application for specific discovery.

2 The applicant is the main contractor and occupier of a worksite at Balmoral
Crescent. In the main action, the applicant and two other companies are being
sued by the estate of a worker who was crushed to death by a metal frame which
fell while it was being lifted by a crane. The proximate cause of the accident
was the snapping of a steel wire rope carrying the metal frame. The rope was
seized by the Workplace Health and Safety Inspectorate of the Ministry of
Manpower, who commissioned MATCOR Technology & Services Pte Ltd (“MATCOR”) to
prepare a report (“the MATCOR report”) relating to tests conducted on the
rope.

3 The applicant seeks specific discovery of the MATCOR report. The other
parties in the main action have written to the applicant to express their
support for its position but are not formally interested in this application.
The Ministry of Manpower resists the application on the basis of (i) the
official communications privilege found in s 126(1) of the Evidence Act
(Chapter 97, 1997 Rev Ed) and (ii) litigation privilege. There was no dispute,
and I accept, that the MATCOR report is essential to the first defendant’s
case (and indeed the main action). But that is no answer to a valid assertion
of privilege.

Official communications privilege

4 Section 126(1) of the Evidence Act provides that:

**Official communications**

**126**. —(1) No public officer shall be compelled to disclose communications
made to him in official confidence when he considers that the public interest
would suffer by the disclosure.

5 The Court of Appeal has held in _Zainal bin Kuning v Chan Sin Mian_ [1996] 2
SLR(R) 858 at [32] that, when the s 126(1) official communications privilege
is asserted, “it is for the court to decide whether the communication in
question was made to the public officer in official confidence and it is for
the officer concerned to decide whether public interests would suffer by the
disclosure of the communication”. On the facts, the Court of Appeal accepted
that the relevant documents were communicated in official confidence and held
that the _bona fide_ determination of the relevant officers that the public
interest would suffer by their disclosure was sufficient to establish the
privilege.

6 In the present case, Mr Goh Chin Keong, a senior assistant director of
investigations in the Workplace Health and Safety Inspectorate, deposed in
support of the Ministry’s assertion of the official communications privilege
in relation to the MATCOR report, that:

The MATCOR report was commissioned by the Occupational Safety & Health
Inspectorate, MOM, so that its Investigating Officers can benefit from the
expert advice concerning the cause of the accident and decide where the
criminal liability for the accident lay. The MATCOR report forms part of the
Investigation Papers, and the MATCOR report was furnished to MOM in official
confidence. The MATCOR report is not intended to facilitate the gathering and
collation of evidence for the benefit of private litigants in the pursuit of
their private interests.

There is a broad public interest in facilitating investigations and having the
swift apprehension and punishment of offenders for worksite accidents, in
order to maintain public safety. Furthering this public interest requires
MATCOR to be forthcoming and candid in its report to the Occupational Safety &
Health Inspectorate, MOM. The MATCOR report includes the opinions and comments
of the expert which are confidential in nature and made to assist public
officers in determining the causal and liability issues for the worksite
accident for the purposes of criminal investigations.

The 1st Defendant [_ie_ the applicant] was the occupier of the premises when
the accident happened, making it a potential accused person. The 2nd and 3rd
Defendants, who are the suppliers of the crane and steel wire rope
respectively, are also potential accused persons. Disclosure of the MATCOR
report is against the public interest as it breaches the confidentiality of
the MATCOR report which forms part of the Investigation Papers. For the above
reasons, I strongly believe that the public interest would suffer if the
MATCOR report commissioned by and furnished to the Occupational Safety &
Health Inspectorate, MOM, were to be disclosed in the present matter.

7 Counsel for the applicant did not dispute that the MATCOR report was made in
official confidence. Instead, he argued that public interest against
disclosure, as stated by Mr Goh, was outweighed by the public interest in the
administration of justice, which militates in favour of disclosure. In support
of his argument, counsel referred to the decision of the district court in _Re
E (guardianship of an infant)_ [2003] SGDC 84.

8 Now, I accept that, under s 126(1), the relevant public officer does not
have an unfettered discretion to determine that the public interest would
suffer by the disclosure of the relevant communications. As the Court of
Appeal held in _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home Affairs_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525
at [86], “the notion of a subjective or unfettered discretion is contrary to
the rule of law. All power has legal limits and the rule of law demands that
the courts should be able to examine the exercise of discretionary power.”
Similarly, the Court of Appeal in _Zainal bin Kuning v Chan Sin Mian_
(_supra_[5]) was careful to state that the determinations of public interest
in that case were made _bona fide_. More generally, I would say that the court
can review the legality of a determination of public interest under s 126(1)
on the usual grounds known to administrative law. Certiorari will not issue if
the proceedings were not made under Order 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2006 Rev Ed), but the court can nevertheless disregard an illegal assertion
of public interest.

9 But the argument made by counsel for the applicant does not go towards the
legality of Mr Goh’s determination. It goes towards the merits of Mr Goh’s
determination, which are within Mr Goh’s discretion. Therefore, unless Mr
Goh’s determination was irrational in the _Wednesbury_ sense, and this is
hardly the case, I cannot review the same, but must instead accept it for the
purposes of s 126(1).

10 I do not think that _Re E_ (_supra_[7]) assists the applicant. In that
case, the learned district judge applied the common law balancing test in
deciding whether or not to compel Singapore Immigration and Registration to
give discovery and answer interrogatories, and concluded that the public
interest in maintaining the confidentiality of information pertaining to
national defence and internal security outweighed the public interest of the
administration of justice in the disclosure of evidence. Unlike in this case,
the s 126(1) privilege was not asserted. This is critical, because the s
126(1) privilege does not, as shown above, depend on a balancing test by the
court, but on the determination of the relevant public officer. So _Re E_ is
wholly distinguishable. Also, I should add, with great respect, that the
balancing test applied in _Re E_ appears to be inconsistent with the s 126(1)
privilege and may, to the extent of the inconsistency, have been repealed by
virtue of s 2(2) of the Evidence Act.

11 I initially had some doubts as to whether Mr Goh was the correct officer to
make the determination that the public interest would suffer by the disclosure
of the MATCOR report. Under s 126(1), the officer who makes the determination
must be the officer to whom the relevant communication was made. There was
nothing in his affidavit to show that the MATCOR report was made to Mr Goh.
However, counsel for the Attorney-General pointed out that the MATCOR report
was commissioned by the Workplace Health and Safety Inspectorate and made to
it, and argued therefore that Mr Goh, as a senior assistant director of the
Inspectorate, was a proper officer under s 126(1). I accept this argument. A
communication can be made to a group of officers or a single officer. In the
case of the former, any officer in the group with the necessary authority can
make the relevant determination under s 126(1).

12 I therefore hold that the s 126(1) official communications privilege was
validly asserted over the MATCOR report.

Litigation privilege

13 Litigation privilege was examined by the Court of Appeal in _Skandinaviska
Enskilda Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 367. The Court of Appeal held (at [67])
that litigation privilege at common law was envisaged by s 131 of the Evidence
Act, and not inconsistent with ss 128 and 131 of the same Act read together.
It also set out the two elements of litigation privilege. First, there must be
a reasonable prospect of litigation. Secondly, the legal advice must be taken
for the dominant purpose of anticipated or contemplated litigation.

14 If I may say so respectfully, the Court of Appeal was right to specify in
that litigation privilege in our law is based on ss 128 and 131 of the
Evidence Act, for otherwise the privilege would be inconsistent with the
Evidence Act, under which evidence is admissible if relevant, unless
specifically excepted: _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 239.

15 On the facts, Mr Goh deposed that:

I verily believe that the MATCOR report is privileged from disclosure as it is
protected by litigation privilege. As the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Defendants are
potential accused persons, the Occupational Safety & Health Inspectorate
commissioned MATCOR Technology & Services Pte Ltd to prepare the MATCOR report
in reasonable contemplation of criminal proceedings.

16 I have considerable difficulty in seeing how ss 128 and 131, which form the
basis of litigation privilege in our law, would apply to the MATCOR report.
Now, ss 128 and 131 provide as follows:

**Professional communications**

**128**. —(1) No advocate or solicitor shall at any time be permitted, unless
with his client’s express consent, to disclose any communication made to him
in the course and for the purpose of his employment as such advocate or
solicitor by or on behalf of his client, or to state the contents or condition
of any document with which he has become acquainted in the course and for the
purpose of his professional employment, or to disclose any advice given by him
to his client in the course and for the purpose of such employment.

**Confidential communications with legal advisers**

**131**. No one shall be compelled to disclose to the court any confidential
communication which has taken place between him and his legal professional
adviser unless he offers himself as a witness, in which case he may be
compelled to disclose any such communications as may appear to the court
necessary to be known in order to explain any evidence which he has given, but
no others.

MATCOR is certainly not an advocate or a solicitor for the purposes of s 128,
or, unless the term is stretched beyond recognition, a legal professional
adviser for the purposes of s 131. Can the two sections be extended beyond
their language? I rather doubt so, given the scheme of the Evidence Act, where
evidence is admissible if relevant, unless specifically excepted. At any rate,
a full analysis would be rather involved and quite unnecessary on the facts,
given my finding that the s 126(1) privilege applies to the MATCOR report.

17 I also have considerable difficulty with the proposition, advanced by
counsel for the Attorney-General, that litigation privilege, as it is
understood in civil proceedings, applies in exactly the same way to criminal
proceedings, for which the MATCOR report was commissioned. If this is right
then all material made in the course of criminal investigation would be caught
by the privilege. This is a very broad proposition, and not supported by
precedent or practice. Now, it can be argued that litigation privilege in
civil law applies to the discovery of investigative material in civil
proceedings but not the disclosure of the same investigative material in
criminal proceedings, which would be governed by the rules of criminal
procedure. But this would raise larger issues about the nature and scope of
litigation privilege and, once again, a full analysis would be rather involved
and quite unnecessary.

18 I therefore express no concluded opinion on litigation privilege.

Conclusion

19 I therefore dismiss the application on the ground that Mr Goh had validly
asserted the official communications privilege in s 126(1) of the Evidence Act
in respect of the MATCOR report.

20 Counsel agreed that the Attorney-General was entitled to costs regardless
of the outcome. I so order, and fix costs at $1,200, including disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

