Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  SKK (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1166  
[2011] SGHC 215

Case Number| :| Suit No 1022 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 September 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sunita Sonya Parhar (S S Parhar & Co) and Sankar
Saminanthan with Tan Heng Khim (Sankar Ow & Partners) for the plaintiff; Tan
Liam Beng and Sandra Tan Pei May (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  SKK (S) Pte Ltd — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
1166  
  
26 September 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J :

1 This was a claim by SKK (S) Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) against the Management
Corporation of Strata Title Plan No 1166 (“the defendant”) which manages the
Mandarin Gardens Condominium (“the estate”). The plaintiff, a paint
manufacturer, had supplied paint and carried out repainting as well as repair
works (“the Works”) at the estate in 2008 but did not receive full payment in
accordance with the contract concluded between the parties.

The facts

2 The estate was approximately 26 years old as of January 2007; it consists of
17 blocks of high rise and low rise apartments. There were numerous complaints
from residents of spalling concrete falling from balconies and air-
conditioning ledges etc within the estate. According to regulations
implemented under the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed), the estate
was required to be repainted after every five years. In February 2007, various
paint manufacturers (including the plaintiff) were invited for a site
inspection and to quote for the Works.

3 Members of the 21st council (“the Council”) which was then in charge of the
defendant were advised in April 2007 by the estate’s condominium manager
Catherine Ng (“Catherine”) that it would be more cost effective for the
repainting exercise to be carried out at the same time as repairs of the
spalling concrete. The Council by a majority decision accepted Catherine’s
recommendation. The Council had/has a separate service and maintenance
committee (“the SMC”) to take charge of building matters and it was the SMC
who instructed Catherine to take steps to carry out the Works.

4 Catherine sourced for and appointed professional engineers Castello
Consultant (“Castello”) to carry out a visual structural inspection. After an
inspection that lasted four months, Castello produced a report that showed
that the spalling concrete problem was widespread and needed to be attended to
urgently especially as there were incidents of chunks of loose concrete
falling off high rise blocks onto common areas. Besides spalling concrete, the
defects reported by Castello included cracks and water seepage.

5 At a council meeting on 27 September 2007, it was decided that professional
building surveyors be appointed as project manager for the Works. At a meeting
of the SMC on 3 November 2007, CC Building Surveyors Pte Ltd (“CCBS”) was
recommended for the job. Subsequently, the Council accepted the SMC’s
recommendation on 15 November 2007. The representative of CCBS was/is Crispin
Casimir (“Casimir”) who is a chartered building surveyor.

6 Casimir invited eight contractors (including the plaintiff) for a site show-
around on or about 12 December 2007. The tender closed at noon on 31 December
2007. The plaintiff submitted a price of $2,631,960.00 as its tender.

7 On the morning of 2 January 2008, members of the Council and the SMC were
invited to witness the opening of the tenders. The sealed envelopes containing
the tenders were opened by Philip Tan (“Philip”), the defendant’s property
officer, in the presence of the Council’s chairman Neoh Chin Chee (‘Neoh”) and
Catherine. Philip tabulated the quotations and Casimir was asked to attend a
meeting on 3 January 2008 to evaluate the tenders. The 3 January 2008 meeting
of the SMC was attended by Neoh, Catherine and three other Council members.
There was a discussion on the different types of paints that were available,
the colours and the timeframes for the Works while Casimir provided an
analysis of the differences in tenders submitted by contractors after which he
recommended the plaintiff to carry out the Works. In making his
recommendation, Casimir highlighted that the plaintiff was reliable, had
quality paints and he had worked with the plaintiff`in the past without
problems. Casimir brought to the attendees’ attention a letter from the
plaintiff dated 31 December 2007 (see [10]).

8 Neoh inquired of Casimir why Casimir had recommended paint type SS 345 if SS
500 was acceptable. Casimir replied that the main concern was whether there
was a waterproofing warranty. Since the plaintiff was willing to provide a
five year warranty, there was no risk in accepting its recommendation to
change the paint type from SS 500 to SS 345. The SMC agreed to accept the
plaintiff’s tender with the five variations set out in the plaintiff’s letter
dated 31 December 2007.

9 The contract itself was not controversial. It was subject to the Singapore
Institute of Architects Articles and Conditions of Building Contract (“the SIA
Conditions”). The dispute in this case concerned the plaintiff’s long letter
dated 31 December 2007 under the reference MG/SKK/RO/001/07-12 that Casimir
referred to at the meeting on 3 January 2008. The plaintiff contended (which
the defendant disputed) that its five proposals therein were accepted by the
defendant as evidenced in the subsequent supplementary report prepared by
Casimir (see [12] below). The plaintiff had written two letters to the
defendant on 31 December 2007: the longer one which was signed by its
managing-director and a much shorter letter under the reference
LL/NP/RO/07/953 which was signed by its sales manager Ong Tuan Hwa (“Ren”).
(Henceforth, the long letter will be referred to as “the 31 December letter”
while the shorter letter of the same date will be referred to as “the shorter
letter”).

10 As the 31 December letter is central to the dispute between the parties, it
is necessary to set out the contents in full. The letter (with numbering added
for ease of reference) reads as follows:-

**Tender for repair and repainting works to Mandarin Gardens along Siglap Road
Singapore**

A Reference to the above-mentioned tender, we are pleased to submit our tender
offer at a lump sum amount of S$2,613,960.00 excluding GST with a completion
duration of 42 weeks and as per according to the requirement and
specifications of the tender document.

B In addition, we would like to request for some waiver or amendments
pertaining to the above tender exercise and they are as follows:

1 SKK would like to request for a deposit of 25% of the total contract sum
upon receipt of the official confirmation or award of the tender.

2 Spalling repairs to the plastered and concrete surfaces of all balconies
shall be based on lump sum basis and not provisional sum.

3 For the painting system to the entire external wall façade, we would not
recommend that SS 500 to be used as the 2nd intermediate coat due to the fact
that should there be any water ingress from within side of the wall surfaces
or any leakage through the wall surfaces, it will caused (sic) a lot of
bubbling effect and thus it will be very unsightly and we shall not be
responsible. As such, we would strongly recommend the paint system as follows:

(i) One (1) coat of SKK Biofine Sealer or Rewah Indupact penetrative sealer.

(ii) Two (2) coats of SKK Super Biofine SS 345 weather-shield acrylic water
resistant breathable paint as final coats.

4 For the covered car park with metal roofing and steel frames, wee do not
recommend the specified conventional paint system but shall use a much better
paint system as follows:

(i) One (1) coat of SKK Mirac #100 two-pack high grade epoxy as primer coat.

(ii) Two (2) coats of SKK PU enamel two-pack polyurethane as final coats.

5 All other paint systems and terms and conditions shall remained (sic) the
same as per according to the tender specifications and requirements.

C We trust the above is in order and shall be looking forward to your
favourable reply for the outcome of the above tender soonest possible.
However, if you do need any clarifications, please feel free to contact us and
we will do our best to be of service to you.

11 The plaintiff’s proposal in item 2 to charge a lump sum price for spalling
concrete repair was attractive to the Council as it was not known how
extensive the problem was and the Council wanted to ensure that all areas of
spalling concrete were dealt with at a fixed cost including areas that may not
have been highlighted in Castello’s report or detected.

12 In contrast to the 31 December letter, the shorter letter stated:

**Tender Submission for Mandarin Gardens repair and repainting works**

With reference to the above, we would like to offer our tender price of
S$2,613,960.00 excluding GST on the above mentioned for your kind reference.

We would like to request on the total duration to be extended to 42 weeks
instead of 34 weeks, and shall be subject to weather increment (sic) & site
condition.

**Terms of Payment**

1 We would like to request 25% deposit upon award of contract and the balance
of payment to be follow (sic) as per tender document.

2 Validity Date: 90 days

We trust that the above is in order, should you require query, please do not
hesitate to contact the undersigned.

13 On 4 January 2008, Catherine emailed all the Council’s members attaching
Casimir’s analyses of the quotations (“the attachment”) and sought their
approval to appoint the plaintiff as the contractor. Separately, Catherine
hand-delivered or posted copies of her email with the attachment to all
Council members, specifically informing them that due to the thickness of the
tender documents, details of the same were available for perusal at the
management office. Between 4 and 9 January 2008, approval was received from
the majority of the Council members (including Neoh) for the plaintiff’s
appointment. On 9 January 2008, CCBS was instructed to award the contract for
the Works to the plaintiff which Casimir did by his letter of award dated 11
January 2008.

14 The contract with the plaintiff was subsequently signed in January 2008 by
Neoh on the defendant’s behalf. Under Appendix D to the contract, the
plaintiff had 34 weeks from the date of confirmation of award to complete the
Works but as the plaintiff’s request of 42 weeks had been acceded to, the
completion deadline was extended to 5 December 2008. The plaintiff was to
provide a defects liability period of twelve months from the date of
completion. The contract also provided for liquidated damages of $500 per day
and for the plaintiff to be paid by progress claims.

15 Casimir prepared a supplementary tender report dated 10 January 2008 (“the
supplementary report”) recommending the plaintiff’s appointment which he
submitted to the Council at its meeting on 11 January 2008. At this meeting,
it was decided that the plaintiff and CCBS would hold an exhibition to
highlight to the estate’s residents the type of paints that would be used and
to address their concerns if any.

16 On 16 January 2008, the defendant paid the plaintiff the 25% deposit
requested in the 31 December letter. The exhibition in [15] was held on 27
January 2008. The plaintiff furnished a performance bond of 10% of the
contract value by a bank guarantee dated 31 January 2008 for $261,396 issued
by The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ (“the performance guarantee”) and
commenced the Works sometime in February 2008.

17 On 23 May 2008, the Works at Block 3 were completed and inspected. The
feedback from residents of that block was positive save for minor
defects/complaints which the plaintiff attended to.

18 On 8 June 2008, the Annual General Meeting of the defendant was convened
and a new 22nd Council (“the new Council”) was elected. Some members of the
(previous) Council were re-elected to the new Council including Lee Kow Yee
(also known and referred to as “Bernard Lee”) while Joe Goh replaced Neoh as
chairman of the new Council and Chan Kum Kit (“Chan”) assumed the vice
chairmanship. (Chan subsequently became the chairman of the 23rd and 24th
Councils). Some members of the new Council were unhappy with the repainting
works and questioned CCBS as to why payment for the spalling concrete repair
under the contract had been changed to a lump sum basis and why it had made
provision for 2,000 balconies when the number stated in the tender document
was 1,000 balconies. The new Council also questioned the type of paint that
had been used and why Casimir had agreed to the change of paint from one coat
each of SS 345 and SS 500 to two coats of SS 345.

19 The new Council decided to and did appoint a clerk of works Ng Cheng Siong
(“Peter”) in August 2008 to oversee the Works. Peter was to be the liaison
person between the defendant and CCBS. Unfortunately, the flow chart
implemented by the new Council for approval of the plaintiff’s repair lists of
spalling concrete after Peter’s appointment caused delays to the plaintiff’s
progress. The flow chart was as follows:

Plaintiff ?CCBS ?Peter ? SMC ? CCBS ?Plaintiff

20 Instead of being ahead of schedule as of July 2008, the plaintiff became
progressively behind schedule, with the situation exacerbated by inclement
weather. By 19 December 2008, the Works were 16 weeks behind schedule.

21 On 23 October 2008 ([131]  _infra_), the plaintiff gave formal notice of a
claim for extension of time (“the EOT claim”), purportedly in accordance with
cl 23 of the SIA Conditions.

22 By a letter dated 15 October 2008 to the plaintiff copied to CCBS, the
defendant alleged that the plaintiff had committed breaches of the contract
which it had failed to rectify. On 24 October 2008, the plaintiff wrote to the
defendant complaining about non-payment of its progress claims and slow
approval of its repair lists. Between 25 October 2008 and 13 November 2008,
four other similar letters were written by the plaintiff. The delays
encountered by the plaintiff were also reflected in site meetings as well as
in letters from CCBS to the defendant prior to the termination of the latter’s
services. According to the chairman of the SMC of the new Council one Kuladeva
s/o Kulathungam (“Kula”), the defendant did not respond to any of the
plaintiff’s letters.

23 Instead, by a letter dated 6 November 2008 addressed to CCBS, the defendant
gave its views on how the contract should be administered. On 3 December 2008,
the defendant’s solicitors wrote to CCBS alleging _inter alia_ that Casimir
had failed to discharge his duties as contract administrator and demanded that
he take steps to comply (by 17 December 2008) with the defendant’s list of
required actions attached to the letter.

24 Before Casimir could evaluate the EOT claim and revert to the plaintiff,
the services of CCBS were terminated on 31 December 2008. In place of CCBS,
the new Council appointed Building Appraisal Pte Ltd (“BAPL”) with effect from
2 January 2009. Its managing-director was/is Chin Cheong (“Chin”), a key
witness for the defendant.

25 Subsequent to BAPL’s appointment, the plaintiff informed Chin of the EOT
claim and submitted to him full details thereof on 14 April 2009.

26 Progress claims submitted by the plaintiff in December 2008 were not paid
as of May 2009 despite the plaintiff’s letter dated 6 May 2009. Instead, on 11
May 2009, Chin issued the plaintiff Building Surveyor’s Direction no. 4
requiring the plaintiff to comply with his previous Direction No 2 dated 23
February 2009 to carry out rectification works. On 13 May 2009, Chin replied
to the plaintiff’s letter dated 6 May 2009 claiming there were valid grounds
to withhold payment on the progress claims.

27 The plaintiff submitted its final claim on 15 May 2009 for $678,702.02
which included agreed variation works of $105,671.50. By then, works to the
value of $307,479.02 had been certified but not paid.

28 On 21 May 2009, the defendant called on the performance guarantee and
obtained payment thereto of $261,396 even though the plaintiff asserted that
by 8 May 2009, it had completed the Works. It was the plaintiff’s pleaded case
that the call by the defendant on the performance guarantee was wrongful/_mala
fide_ and an abuse of process as the defendant owed a contract sum of
$936,865.09 to the plaintiff at the time the call was made. Further, on 16
June 2009 and 22 June 2009, the defendant had paid the plaintiff $258,163.07
which sum was almost equal to the value of the performance guarantee.

29 On 17 July 2009, Chin issued a Delay Certificate to the plaintiff extending
the period for completion by 179 days to 17 July 2009 and certified completion
had taken place that day. However, he withdrew the Delay Certificate on 20
August 2009.

30 The plaintiff commenced this suit in December 2009 after its claims had
been unpaid for more than a year, despite its reminders and the exchange of
correspondence between the parties’ solicitors. The plaintiff maintained that
it had carried out the Works in accordance with the contract as varied by the
31 December letter whilst the defendant contended that the plaintiff had
breached the contract in using two coats of SS 345 paints.

31 By the date of the trial, the 24th council of the defendant had taken over
the management of the estate from the 23rd council. Some members of the 22nd
and 23rd councils (including Chan and Kula) continued to serve in the 24th
council.

The pleadings

32 The plaintiff’s (amended) claims were essentially for the following sums:

(a)

$649,878.63 being the balance of the contract sum for work done of which
$307,479.03 had been certified;

(b)

$398,788.52 for prolongation costs due to delay in works caused by the
defendant;

(c)

$261,396 being the sum received by the defendant under the performance
guarantee.

33 In regard to the prolongation costs, the plaintiff put the blame on the
defendant’s approval process after Peter was appointed as the clerk of works
(which itself was cited as a breach of contract as it was not part of the
terms). The statement of claim particularised 34 occasions where the plaintiff
submitted repair lists to the defendant for approval and in eight instances
the approval process took 3 to 6 weeks.

34 The plaintiff had an attendant claim for damages for breaches by the
defendant and for the wrongful call on the performance guarantee. The
plaintiff also pleaded as an alternative claim that it was entitled to an
extension of time and prolongation costs as the Works were delayed by 54 days
due to inclement weather.

35 In its (amended) defence, the defendant alleged that the contract between
the parties only contained two variations _viz_ : (i) extension from 34 to 42
weeks for completion of the works subject to inclement weather and site
conditions, and (ii) a deposit of 25% of the contract value to be paid upon
award of the tender to the plaintiff. The defendant contended that the 31
December letter did not form part of the contract. The defendant _inter alia_
alleged that the plaintiff was in breach of the contract in failing to: (i)
use SS 500 paints as the top coat for the repainting works; (ii) ensure the
spalling works at the balconies were charged on a provisional instead of a
lump sum basis; (iii) carry out and complete the repainting work to
workmanship standards required under the contract; (iv) comply with Chin’s
Directions nos. 1, 2 and 4 and the Final Notice issued under the contract and
(v) complete the project by 5 December 2008 instead of on 17 July 2009 with a
resultant delay of 223 days.

36 The defendant asserted that its call on the performance guarantee was made
in good faith and was not unconscionable and that at all times it was prepared
to account for the monies paid thereunder.

37 As for the plaintiff’s claim for prolongation costs, the defendant
contended that the plaintiff had no grounds under cl 23 of the SIA Conditions
to be entitled to an extension of time. Alternatively, the defendant contended
that the plaintiff failed to discharge the requirements under cl 23(2) and (4)
of the SIA conditions and was not entitled to an extension of time.

38 The defendant counterclaimed the sum of $357,379 from the plaintiff for
loss and damage suffered from the plaintiff’s breaches of the contract (after
accounting for the performance guarantee sum) which included the cost of
rectification works to repaint Blocks 1, 3 and 7. In the alternative, the
defendant counterclaimed $24,040.84 (after deducting the performance guarantee
sum) for loss and damage net of the sums certified and due to the plaintiff.

39 The parties had tendered a Scott Schedule to the court before trial. When
trial commenced, the court was informed that the defendant no longer disputed
that the plaintiff’s quotation of $320,400 for spalling concrete repair of
1,000 balconies if it was a lump sum contract. Further, counsel for the
defendant informed the court that the nominated subcontractor Hydro Seal
Engineering Pte Ltd (‘Hydro Seal”) did not carry out the spalling repair works
as they were done by the plaintiff’s own subcontractor General Waterproofing
Repair. As such, the plaintiff should not claim 10% for profit and attendance.
This was not denied by the plaintiff.

40 A total of 15 witnesses testified at the trial of which nine (including two
who were subpoenaed) testified for the plaintiff. The plaintiff’s witnesses
comprised of two members of the Council _viz_ Neoh, Thomas Chia Ching Kwang
(“Chia”), Catherine, Casimir, two experts in the persons of Kenneth Jones
(“Jones”) and Szetho Foon Wah (“Szetho”) as well as the plaintiff’s sales and
project managers Ren and Neo Poh Low (“Neo”) respectively. Casimir was one of
the plaintiff’s two subpoenaed witnesses with the other being Tan Hong Kian
(“Tan”) from Setsco Services Pte (‘Setsco”).

41 Trial lasted almost nine days during which at the parties’ behest and in
the presence of their representatives and solicitors, the court visited the
estate on the morning of 29 March 2011 to look at the state of the Works.

(i) The plaintiff’s case

42 Casimir (PW1) was asked to testify because the defendant refused to agree
to dispense with formal proof of certain documents before the court in
particular, photographs showing spalling concrete and repair lists that
Casimir co-signed with Peter, site minutes he had prepared and faxes/letters
that Casimir had sent to the defendant, some of which dealt with the delay in
approving repair lists submitted by the plaintiff.

43 Casimir confirmed that he prepared the supplementary report at [12] which
made specific reference to the 31 December letter (see [10]). At para 3.0
therein under the heading SKK (S) Pte Ltd, Casimir referred to the 31 December
letter and to the plaintiff’s proposed four amendments to its tender _viz_ (i)
a request for 25% deposit; (ii) repair of spalling concrete to be on a lump
sum basis; (iii) top coat paint system to comprise of two coats of SS 345
paint and (iv) an alternative paint system employing epoxy primer and
polyurethane paint for the car park areas.

44 A further document disputed by the defendant was Casimir’s minutes of site
meeting no 1 dated 22 February 2008 which he had subsequently amended (of
which more will be said later). Casimir was subsequently recalled on the 8th
day of trial to testify on the letter dated 3 December 2008 (see [20]) from
the defendant’s solicitors and his reply to the same dated 24 December 2008.
Although Casimir was obviously reluctant to come to court as evidenced in his
having to be subpoenaed, his testimony was nonetheless fair and balanced.

45 The crux of Casimir’s testimony (as stated earlier at [42]) was to formally
prove documents the defendant disputed in particular the (amended) minutes of
the first site meeting and his supplementary report (at 2AB123) where it was
recorded:

It was noted that SKK (Pte) Ltd had submitted a letter dated the 31st December
2007, at the time of tendering in respect of certain amendments, as follows:

Casimir then listed the four amendments in the 31 December letter (set out
earlier (at [10]) in items B.1 to B.3. In answer to the court’s question (see
N/E 30-31), Casimir explained that he had met members either of the defendant
or of the SMC on 3 January 2008 to discuss the 31 December letter and the
defendant had agreed to the change in paints (from one coat of SS 500 to two
coats of SS 345) before he issued the supplementary report a week later.
Casimir confirmed he had seen the 31 December letter as well as the shorter
letter when he collected the tender documents from the defendant’s office that
morning after the close of tenders.

46 As for the minutes of the first site meeting on 22 February 2008 (see
PCB64-66) item (j) therein recorded:

A copy of the required colour scheme had been passed to the contractor by the
Managing Agent. (It was noted that the common lift lobbies would be painted
with SS: 345 paint, and that the external elevations would be painted with a
combination of SS: 345 and SS: 500.

Contrary to the stand taken by the defendant, Casimir confirmed (at N/E 27-28)
that he prepared the amended minutes to correct the error he had made in the
original minutes on item (j) to reflect what transpired at that site meeting
which he attended along with representatives (2) of the plaintiff, one Ms
Chiew from the defendant and Catherine.

47 Two other witnesses _viz_ Neoh and Catherine corroborated Casimir’s
testimony that the terms of the 31 December letter were incorporated into the
contract between the parties.

48 Neoh (PW3) testified that he had witnessed the opening of the sealed
tenders on 2 January 2008. The tenders were then tabulated and discussed at a
meeting that he attended with Casimir and members of the SMC on 3 January
2008. At the meeting, Casimir had specifically referred to the 31 December
letter. When Neoh was given the contract to sign on the defendant’s behalf, he
had pointed out to Catherine that some of the changes proposed by the
plaintiff in the 31 December letter had not been incorporated. Catherine had
assured him she had been informed by Casimir/CCBS that a supplementary tender
report would be issued setting out the amended terms.

49 Catherine (PW5) corroborated Neoh’s testimony in [48]. In her affidavit of
evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Catherine deposed that the new Council insisted
that the plaintiff had used the wrong paint for the Works even though she and
Casimir had explained that the specifications had been changed. Casimir then
suggested that a meeting be held between members of the Council and the new
Council to determine what had been agreed with the plaintiff. However, the
meeting never took place.

50 Catherine deposed she was never queried by the new Council on why the 31
December letter did not have a date stamp (although it was the gravamen of the
defendant’s case). She explained that she had specifically informed Kula, the
chairman of the SMC of the new Council, that none of the tender documents were
stamped as they had arrived in sealed envelopes. Hence, only the envelopes
were stamped. After the sealed envelopes were opened on 2 January 2008, all
the tender documents were returned to the receptionist to stamp the dates on
the tender quotations in accordance with the dates and times stamped on the
envelopes. In the process however, the 31 December letter was overlooked
although the plaintiff’s tender document was stamped. However the new Council
refused to accept her explanation.

51 I should point out that besides Neoh, another member of the Council Chia
testified for the plaintiff. Chia (PW4) was also a member of the Council’s
SMC. Chia deposed he attended the meeting on 3 January 2008 where the various
tenders submitted were discussed before the SMC decided to award the contract
to the plaintiff. He recalled coming across the 31 December letter amongst the
documents presented to the attendees. After reading the 31 December letter,
Chia had turned to Casimir and requested the latter’s comments on the
variations in the type of paints proposed by the plaintiff. Chia deposed he
was satisfied with Casimir’s views and hence he recommended the appointment of
the plaintiff for the Works.

52 Chia disclosed that sometime in September 2009, he received a call from
various members of the new Council who asked to meet with him. Chia met with
some members of the new Council (including Bernard Lee) on 6 September 2009
and when asked, confirmed that he had seen the 31 December letter at the SMC
meeting on 3 January 2008 prior to the award. Chia referred to his email dated
9 January 2008 which he had forwarded to Catherine and to members of the new
Council (including Bernard Lee) stating he had agreed with Casimir’s
recommendation to award the contract to the plaintiff. He added that the
plaintiff had also submitted the lowest tender. In his email, Chia (in
referring to the various tenders submitted) had said:-

2 ...The scope of work for all bids were consistent. There were no significant
variations, except for a request for extension of period of execution from
about 36 weeks to about 42 weeks or so.

3 This was also consistently requested by most bidders.

53 I move next to look at the testimony of the plaintiff’s staff starting with
Ren (PW6). Ren explained how the two letters dated 31 December 2007 came to be
sent to the defendant. He had prepared the plaintiff’s tender and drafted both
letters dated 31 December 2007. That morning, on his instructions, the
plaintiff’s administrative clerk was to have attached the plaintiff’s tender
to the 31 December letter and submitted the documents in a sealed envelope to
the estate. The plaintiff’s tender was submitted by the plaintiff’s project
manager Neo Poh Low (“Neo”) that morning. Subsequently, Neo telephoned Ren to
inquire whether the tender submitted included the 31 December letter. Ren
called his administrative clerk for confirmation only to be told she had
submitted the shorter letter instead. Ren immediately printed out the 31
December letter from a computer and personally submitted it himself to the
estate in a sealed envelope before the noon deadline.

54 Ren recounted the problems the plaintiff faced with the new Council after
it took office in June 2008. The new Council not only questioned the Works at
Blocks 1 and 3 but also queried Casimir on the number of balconies for repair
work for spalling concrete which the members contended should be for 1,000
units of flats (with 2 balconies each) and not 2,000 units. The new Council
was also unhappy with the lump sum basis of calculation for the spalling
concrete repairs and the change of external paints from one coat each of SS
500 and SS 345 to two coats of SS 345. The position taken by the new Council
was that the plaintiff had conspired with CCBS/Casimir, the 21st Council’s
members and Catherine to cheat the defendant. He pointed out that at no time
did the new Council contend that the contract did not incorporate the
amendments in the 31 December letter; the members were merely unhappy with the
changes to the contract.

55 Ren pointed out that even if the plaintiff had applied one coat of SS500
and SS 345 instead of two coats of SS 345, the savings would only be $2,500
for Blocks 1 and 3 and $10,500 for the entire estate. On a goodwill basis, the
plaintiff was willing to credit the sums saved to the defendant. However, this
did not appease the new Council. In a letter dated 8 July 2008, the defendant
required the plaintiff to proceed with repainting of Blocks 5 and 7 using one
coat of SS 500 and one coat of SS 345. Purely out of goodwill, the plaintiff
acceded to the request. However, the plaintiff informed the defendant that it
would not provide a guarantee for the intermediate coat of SS 500.

56 Ren revealed that without the plaintiff’s prior knowledge, the defendant
arranged for tests to be conducted on the plaintiff’s paintwork by one Dr Lim
Chooi Seng (“Dr Lim”) of TUV SUD PSB Pte Ltd (“PSB”). The plaintiff was only
informed of the same on 5 February 2009 at the 38th site meeting. The test
results were made known to the plaintiff at the 41st site meeting on 25
February 2009. Ren did not accept the test results and informed Chin/BAPL that
the plaintiff would conduct its own tests. That resulted in the appointment of
and the tests done by Setsco whose representative (Tan) was subpoenaed to
testify for the plaintiff.

57 It would not be necessary to advert to Ren’s testimony of the events that
escalated the dispute between the parties into these proceedings as they have
been adequately (albeit briefly) set out earlier.

58 Nothing turns on Neo’s testimony as he largely repeated Ren’s evidence. Neo
(PW7) deposed that it was for cost considerations that the plaintiff did not
appoint the nominated subcontractor Hydro Seal to carry out the spalling
repair works. Instead, the plaintiff appointed General Waterproofing Repair.

59 Neo gave the reason for the change of paints from one coat of SS500 and one
coat of SS 345 to two coats of SS 345. He deposed it was because SS 500 was/is
an elastomeric paint which would not allow water to seep out but would trap it
under the paint and this would cause bubbling. Bubbles would render the
painted surface unsightly. On the other hand, applying two coats of SS 345
would allow water underneath the paint to seep out and avoid the formation of
bubbles. (In this regard, Jones had opined that the rate of permeability of SS
500 was much slower than that of SS 345. Cross-examined (at N/E 710) on this
aspect, Bernard Lee was unable to challenge Jones’ opinion.

60 Neo disclosed that the plaintiff (upon reviewing the tender
specifications), noted that the metal frame and roof of the covered car park
lots were to be painted with one coat of etching primer and two coats of top
gloss. As the estate was close to the sea and to the East Coast Expressway, it
meant that the paintwork would come into contact with salt and fuel emissions
from vehicles respectively, both of which would affect the durability of the
enamel paints specified. Neo said the plaintiff therefore proposed, which the
defendant accepted, the use of one coat of SKK Mirac primer and two coats of
SK PU enamel finish; the latter included a hardener that would protect the
paint surface from the elements.

61 Since the contract for spalling repairs was on a lump sum basis, the
plaintiff only submitted to Casimir for approval lists containing the units it
intended to repair without providing measurements. Once Casimir had signed the
lists, the plaintiff proceeded with the work. Claims for spalling concrete
repairs were submitted, evaluated and paid based on the number of units
repaired, not on the number of balconies. This was never disputed by Casimir
or the defendant.

62 Finally, Neo referred to another aspect of the plaintiff’s work, that of
cleaning and roughing the surface of air-conditioning ledges in preparation
for coating. The plaintiff then had to re-form top surfaces to fall to a new
outlet with epoxy repair mortar. However, Neo noticed on site that the air-
conditioning ledges already had a gradient albeit it was inadequate, resulting
in water stagnation. The plaintiff proposed an alternative method of work to
Casimir which comprised of installing a new PVC drain-pipe and constructing a
new kerb to channel water to the new PVC pipe. It was approved and work
proceeded on that basis without complaints from Casimir or the defendant until
the new Council came into the picture and started fault-finding the plaintiff.
Neo deposed that if the new Council or the 23rd or 24th councils of the
defendant were unhappy with the decision made by the (21st) Council over the
choice of paints or that the spalling concrete repairs were done on a lump sum
basis, that was a matter between the various councils’ members and had nothing
to do with the plaintiff.

63 Neo revealed that he kept daily site records of the weather for the
duration of the contract in which he logged the hours of rain per day that
prevented the plaintiff from proceeding with the Works. (Neo’s records were
partly the basis for the plaintiff’s claim for extension of time).

64 As the expert testimony of both parties is of considerable importance in
this case, I shall deal with it separately later and turn now to consider the
testimony of the defendant’s factual witnesses.

(ii) The defendant’s case

65 I start my review of the defendant’s evidence with the testimony of Bernard
Lee [18]. Bernard Lee was both a member of the 21st and 22nd Councils of the
defendant. His contention that the contract did not incorporate the terms in
the 31 December letter was based entirely on the fact that he only saw the
shorter letter and not the 31 December letter at the defendant’s office and on
the fact that the latter document did not have a date and time stamp unlike
the shorter letter. To reinforce his argument (with which Chia disagreed),
Bernard Lee referred to Chia’s email of 9 January 2008 in which Chia only
referred to the two conditions set out in the shorter letter and not to the
five terms set out in the 31 December letter. Bernard Lee concluded that the
31 December letter was never received by the defendant at the time the tenders
closed.

66 Besides Bernard Lee, two other Council members testified _viz_ Kula and
Chan [32]. Kula was a member of all three councils (_viz_ 21st, 22nd and 23rd
Councils). He was also the chairman of the SMC of the new Council. Kula’s AEIC
deposed to disparities between the work done by the plaintiff and the sums it
had claimed and which were certified. Kula claimed the new Council’s concerns
were raised at meetings that were attended by Neoh and Catherine but neither
of them made any attempts to clarify matters. Consequently, the new Council
decided to take matters into its own hands by reviewing the contract
documentation. In so doing, it noticed that the paints applied by the
plaintiff differed from those specified in the contract. Kula deposed it was
also inconsistent with the minutes of the first site meeting on 22 February
2008.

67 Kula complained that Casimir had certified payments totalling $189,000 for
repairs to 288 balconies when the provisional sum of $450,000 was for work for
over 800 balconies. The plaintiff’s claim equated to 42% of the provisional
sum. Kula deposed that the defendant had highlighted the discrepancies between
the works carried out and the progress claims of the plaintiff and alleged
that Casimir had agreed there were errors. Casimir subsequently
revised/reduced the sums he had certified for the plaintiff’s claims. Kula
claimed that the defendant’s representatives also met with the plaintiff’s
managing-director on or about 26 August 2008 to express its concerns but the
plaintiff did not address the issue.

68 On 20 June 2008, the new Council met up with Casimir and Ren. Kula alleged
that Casimir informed the attendees that he (Casimir) was not on site most of
the time and Casimir had not inspected and signed off each coat of paint when
completed (as required under the contract) before he certified payment. Kula
(in his capacity as chairman of the SMC) followed up the meeting with a letter
dated 24 June 2008 to CCBS requesting particulars of Casimir’s project
management methodology and processes in verifying and certifying the quantity
and location of spalling concrete repairs.

69 Like Bernard Lee, Kula asserted that the terms in the 31 December letter
did not form part of the contract. He noted that the plaintiff had a specific
reference in the 31 December letter viz MG/SKK/RO/001/07-12 whereas the
shorter letter contained a general reference (LL/NP/RO/07/953). Kula deposed
that it was “common sense” that a company would not create a project file (and
therefore have a specific project reference) for a job until it was awarded
the same. He therefore surmised that the 31 December letter must have been
issued by the plaintiff after the letter of award (in [13]) was issued by
CCBS. The defendant did not have as part of its records for the contract, a
copy of the 31 December letter. Kula added that neither Catherine, Casimir nor
the plaintiff had highlighted the 31 December letter or its amended terms to
him or the other members of the Council. This statement was patently untrue as
Casimir had briefed attendees at the first meeting of the SMC of the new
Council on 26 June 2008 which Kula chaired.

70 Kula said the appointment of Peter (from Colsult Consultants) as clerk of
works was to monitor the project so as to avoid further disputes with the
plaintiff/CCBS. In that regard, a procedure for repair works (set out earlier
in [19]) was approved by the plaintiff, the defendant and CCBS around 8 August
2008. Kula alleged this was necessitated by the plaintiff’s breaches and its
inaccurate records/claims for work done. It was also to maintain proper cost
control. He denied that the approval procedure delayed the plaintiff’s works
and entitled it to claim prolongation costs for 29½ weeks. In his AEIC (para
44), Kula set out 35 repair lists and the length of time the SMC took to
approve each list. Approval time ranged from 0 to 47 days. Where the SMC
approval took longer than 1-2 weeks (there were nine instances altogether)
Kula sought to put the blame on the plaintiff alleging it was due to lack of
clarity in the latter’s submissions while some repair lists were submitted in
a haphazard manner necessitating either Peter or the defendant having to seek
clarification. If indeed there was a delay, he contended it would be during
the interval when CCBS’s services were terminated and before BAPL took over as
project manager. His excuse was that Chin/BAPL needed time to review the
project; the repair lists were approved late consequentially.

71 Kula complained that by October 2008, the paintworks of the plaintiff
started peeling and ‘bubbling’ appeared. The defendant engaged (without the
plaintiff’s knowledge) PSB to inspect the paintworks and to carry out tests.
The tests were conducted by Dr Lim in February and August 2009.

72 Chan corroborated Kula’s testimony that the 31 December letter could not
have been part of the contract. Chan added there were no records in the
defendant’s documents of the amended minutes of the first site meeting on 22
February 2008 made by Casimir. Indeed he and other members of the new Council
only saw the amended minutes for the first time on or about 28 April 2009 when
the plaintiff forwarded a copy to Chin.

73 It is noteworthy that neither Kula, nor Bernard Lee nor Chan attended the
7th meeting of the Council on 14 January 2008 chaired by Neoh (which Chia and
Catherine attended) at which Casimir presented the supplementary report. The
project was discussed (at item 3.1.5 of the minutes at 3AB220) and it was
minuted that the SMC had deliberated and supported the recommendation of
Casimir that the plaintiff be awarded the contract. Their belief that Casimir
had backdated the supplementary report was unfounded as the document had the
date 11 January 2008 stamped on it.

74 Chan contended that the plaintiff was not entitled to prolongation costs as
it had failed to first comply with the 28 days notice period stipulated under
the SIA rules. I shall return to this issue later.

75 Chan also defended the defendant’s call on the performance guarantee
claiming that the defendant had incurred costs relating to the engagement of
Peter and Chin due to the plaintiff’s late completion of the project. Costs
were also incurred in engaging PSB to conduct tests on and to prepare a report
of the plaintiff’s paintwork. He accused the plaintiff of refusing to comply
with Chin’s direction to repaint Blocks 1, 3 and part of 7 with one coat of SS
500 paint and a finishing coat of SS 345. He claimed the plaintiff’s non-
compliance would have resulted in the defendant having to incur rectification
costs of $370,000. Consequently, the defendant was justified in calling on the
performance guarantee which sum was only for $261,396. He claimed that at the
time the defendant called on the performance guarantee on 22 May 2009, it did
not owe any monies to the plaintiff. Subsequent progress claims were certified
on and after 11 June 2009\. Chan also relied on Chin’s final certificate to
assert that the plaintiff had been overpaid $308,671.84 not including the
defendant’s loss and damage of another $642,010 which excluded the costs of
engaging Peter and Chin.

76 The defendant relied heavily on Chin’s testimony for its defence and
counterclaim. I should point out that Chin was called as a factual not an
expert witness by the defendant whose only expert was Dr Lim. The plaintiff on
the other hand had two expert witnesses in Jones and Szetho.

77 It may be appropriate at this juncture to review Chin’s testimony before I
move on to address the expert testimony of the parties. Chin’s AEIC comprised
eight ring files and sixteen voluminous exhibits.

78 In its closing submissions, the plaintiff criticised Chin’s testimony as
unreliable and inconsistent and accused him of blatant lying. The plaintiff
contended that Chin failed miserably in his duty as contract administrator in
not acting fairly and equitably. In support of such criticism, the plaintiff
highlighted various portions of Chin’s cross-examination where his allegation
of breaches of the contract by the plaintiff was proved to be unfounded.

79 During cross-examination, Chin was taken to task by counsel for the
plaintiff for his opinion that the plaintiff had no contemporaneous records
for the inclusion of the amended terms in the 31 December letter into the
contract. Counsel had pointed out to Chin (who conceded) that the
contemporaneous record was reflected in the supplementary report itself. To
circumvent Chin’s admission, the defendant’s closing submissions [at para 92]
urged the court to disregard the supplementary report on the basis that it did
not form part of the contract and the document recorded nothing more than the
views of CCBS on the plaintiff’s tender amendments in the 31 December letter
(citing _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029. I shall return to this
misconceived argument later.

80 Other instances cited by the plaintiff of Chin’s unsatisfactory conduct and
partiality towards the defendant included the fact that he omitted to hand a
copy of PSB’s first report to the plaintiff when he received the same from the
defendant in August 2009. (The plaintiff was also unaware of PSB’s second
report and saw it for the first time during the discovery process in these
proceedings). Chin also omitted to furnish a copy of his statement of final
accounts dated 18 September 2009 to the plaintiff. His unsatisfactory
explanation was that he thought it very unlikely that he would have received
any response from the plaintiff.

81 Chin further did not inform the plaintiff of his inspection of the air-
conditioning ledges from which he determined that the plaintiff had failed to
re-form top surfaces to fall to new outlets for drainage. Neither did Chin
inform the plaintiff that its work was unsatisfactory. Chin had in fact
certified that the air-conditioning ledges were 95% complete before reversing
his certification to zero in his final account.

82 Other than the above instances, Chin’s conduct in administering the
contract came in for severe criticism by the plaintiff. It bears repeating
that after Chin had issued a Delay Certificate and certified completion had
taken place on 17 July 2009, he did a _volte face_ and reversed his decision
on 20 August 2009\. Cross-examined, Chin was unable to provide any cogent let
alone satisfactory explanation, for his action. All he could say repeatedly
when questioned by the court (in the course of his re-examination) was that he
had made a “mistake” in the completion date when he issued the Delay
Certificate. He maintained his unconvincing answer notwithstanding being
reminded that he had appeared before this court in another construction case
as an expert and he was probably more familiar with the SIA Conditions than
anyone else involved in this dispute.

83 Counsel for the plaintiff had drawn Chin’s attention to a number of
progress claims where Chin had acted contrary to his certification. For
progress claim no.7, Chin had certified $102,976.91 as being due to the
plaintiff on 13 May 2009. His certification included 78% completion for the
air-conditioning ledges. Similarly in progress claims nos 8 and 9, Chin had
certified that the plaintiff had completed 81% and 95% of work on the air-
conditioning ledges on 13 May 2009 and 19 June 2009 respectively. He had also
certified 95% completion for progress claim no 10 of the plaintiff.
(Certification of 95% completion meant in effect that the plaintiff had
completed 100% of the work because the 5% balance was actually the retention
sum). Yet, on 11 May 2009, Chin had issued his Building Surveyor’s Direction
No 4 requiring the plaintiff to redo the air-conditioning ledges in accordance
with contract specifications. Chin could not explain his inconsistent actions.

84 As observed earlier at [75], the defendant had relied wholly on Chin’s
testimony for its counterclaim. One item was the loss and damage of $314,000
to rectify the painting works at Blocks 1, 3 and 7 on the basis that the
plaintiff was in breach of contract in applying two coats of SS 345 instead of
one top coat of SS 500 and one finishing coat of SS 345. In the course of his
cross-examination, Chin disclosed that his figure of $314,000 was based on a
quotation dated 22 March 2011 of Jotun Coatings to paint Blocks 1 and 3 and
part of Block 7 with SS 345 paints. An earlier quotation dated 5 May 2009 that
he had obtained from the same supplier quoted a figure of $370,000. Chin
estimated that the cost difference between SS 500 and SS 345 paints was $1.00
per sq.m. He further assumed that 40% of the repainting work had been carried
out by the plaintiff _viz_ 40% of 126,000 sq m or 50,400 sq m. There was no
quotation as such from Jotun Coatings that specified the cost of SS 345 and
SS500 paints alone. In any event, should the court find that the terms in the
31 December letter were indeed incorporated into the contract, the defendant’s
claim for this item must fail. It would then follow that Chin had no basis to
issue his Building Directions Nos. 2 and 4 requiring the plaintiff to redo the
painting works.

85 Another aspect of Chin’s testimony that pointed to his unreliability
related to Dr Lim’s testimony. Counsel for the plaintiff had inquired of Chin
if he had ever met Dr Lim to discuss this case. Chin testified he had met Dr
Lim once but could not recall the date. However, Dr Lim (who testified earlier
than Chin) said he had never met Chin prior to the trial. Cross-examined, Chin
admitted Dr Lim was correct but was unable to give any reason why he would lie
even on such a trivial matter. If Chin lied on such an unimportant point,
could he be expected to have been truthful on far more important matters? I
think not, as can be seen from the following observations.

86 It was noted that:

(a) despite his voluminous AEIC and exhibits, Chin neither referred to the 31
December letter nor to the amended minutes of the first site meeting that the
plaintiff had provided to him. Chin was selective in his choice of exhibits or
references and only relied on those that were favourable to the defendant’s
case;

(b) Chin’s choice of language in his letters and minutes of site meetings was
unfortunate (as the court pointed out to him at N/E 871) and clearly showed he
was beholden to the defendant, who was his paymaster. In his letters to the
plaintiff, it was noted that Chin repeatedly used the word “we” instead of “I”
in referring to himself. That can only mean he was adopting the stand (however
unreasonable or unfounded) of the new Council and in particular persons like
Kula and William Tey (who he revealed instructed him);

(c) Chin did not contact either Casimir or members of the Council to verify
what had been agreed between the parties on the choice of paints and whether
the spalling contract works were agreed on a lump sum basis;

(d) Chin chose to accept what the defendant told him without verifying the
accuracy thereof. This can be seen from his testimony (at N/E 873) that unlike
the 31 December letter, the shorter letter had MSCT stamped on it with an
initial when clearly there was no stamp thereon and he could not even identify
the signatory of the initial;

(e) Chin issued Building Surveyor’s Directions Nos 2 and 4 (dated 23 February
2009 and 11 May 2009 respectively) requiring the plaintiff to repaint Blocks
1, 3 and 7. Instructions as opposed to Directions, would have been the
appropriate mode of communication as the plaintiff was entitled to claim
additional payment for carrying out extra works after they had satisfactorily
completed the painting works to those blocks in accordance with Casimir’s
instruction;

(f) Chin was unable to offer any coherent/satisfactory explanation (despite
repeated questioning by the court as to why he withdrew the Delay Certificate
over a month after its issuance, apart from his supposed “misunderstanding”
(which was unbelievable) of the extended completion date. If indeed he had
made a mistake as to the actual date of completion _viz_ that it should be 5
December 2008 instead of 31 December 2008, then he should have _added_ 26 more
days (6 to 31 December 2008) to the 197 days he extended to the plaintiff to
complete the Works by 17 July 2009, to make a total of 223 days’ extension
instead of withdrawing the extra 197 days he had granted;

(g) Chin’s AEIC was factually inaccurate – although he claimed to having
sought clarification from both sides’ experts (his para 71), cross-examination
revealed that Chin had only clarified with the defendant’s expert Dr Lim. Yet
he insisted that PSB’s reports by Dr Lim were more reliable;

(h) Chin’s figures which made up the defendant’s counterclaim were inflated
and/or unjustified.

The expert testimony

87 I turn next to the expert evidence of the parties. As the plaintiff’s
experts were called to rebut the testimony of the defendant’s experts, I shall
deal with this evidence in reverse order and first address the testimony of
the defendant’s expert Dr Lim (DW5) from PSB.

88 In order to carry out his tests, Dr Lim deposed he took paint samples from
Blocks 1, 3 and 7 at the estate. In his test report dated 12 February 2009
(“the PSB first report”), Dr Lim concluded that the plaintiff had applied two
coats of SS 345 instead of one coat of SS 500 and one coat of SS 345. Dr Lim
took further paint samples from various parts of the estate for his second
report dated 18 August 2009 (“the PSB second report”). He concluded that some
of the SS 500 and SS 345 paints used fell short of the thickness expected of
such paints. He said the average thickness of one layer of both types of paint
was 94.5 microns which was below the tender specification of 94.6 microns. In
fact, some samples of the three coats of paint he tested had average
thicknesses that ranged from 19.40 to 88.88 microns. As was noted earlier at
[56], the plaintiff was unaware that Dr Lim had taken samples of their
paintwork for testing until much later.

89 During cross-examination, Dr Lim estimated at the court’s request that a
piece of tissue paper produced in court by counsel for the plaintiff was about
100 microns in thickness. That was to be contrasted with his results that one
coat of paint he tested measured only 15.49 microns which according to counsel
for the plaintiff meant it “would be like water”. If the PSB first and second
reports were accepted, it meant that the average thickness of the paints
applied by the plaintiff to Blocks 1, 3 and 7 in the estate was thinner than
an ordinary piece of tissue paper. I should point out that one micron is one-
thousandth of a millimetre.

90 At this juncture I turn my attention to the expert testimony of the
plaintiff starting with that of Jones (PW8). Jones from Robinson Jones
Associates Pte Ltd, was tasked with carrying out a survey inspection as well
as assessing the various items of the defendant’s counterclaims.

91 Jones’ findings were contained in his report dated 21 December 2010. To
arrive at his findings, Jones inspected the estate on 7 July 2010 (during
which he took 341 photographs) and took into account the following:

(a)

the PSB first report;

(b)

Setsco’s test report;

(c)

the technical specifications of the paints SS 500 and SS 345;

(d)

the minutes of the first site meeting and the amended version; and

(e)

other documents relevant to the subject matter and dispute.

92 In his inspection of the paintworks, Jones found that the finish was
excellent as the paint had been evenly applied, had solid cover and was neatly
cut-in. There was no evidence of peeling or flaking and the tonality was even
with no apparent colour variations.

93 Jones could not carry out a close-up inspection of the spalling concrete
repair works as he had no access to individual units in the estate. He relied
on a visual inspection from the ground level using binoculars. Randomly
selected soffits above balconies viewed from that level showed that the finish
was smooth and even, which indicated to Jones that the work was properly
carried out. Unfortunately, due to the entire repair works having been
completed and painted over, Jones was unable to calculate the quantum of the
total area of spalling concrete that had been repaired.

94 In regard to the dispute on whether the repair works should have been
carried out on a lump sum basis as opposed to on a provisional sum basis,
Jones opined that it would be difficult in a tender exercise to estimate the
values of provisional sums to be included in tender documents. Jones added
that quite often provisional sums included in a tender exercise are found to
be inadequate when the full extent of the previously unknown quantum of the
work covered under a provisional sum becomes apparent as work progresses. He
opined that it was generous albeit foolhardy on the plaintiff’s part to carry
out the spalling work on a lump sum basis, given the size of the estate and
the extent of the spalling problem. In so doing, the plaintiff assumed the
very real risk that the spalling could be much more extensive than what
Casimir had envisaged or assumed. Had he acted for the defendant, Jones would
have advised it to accept the spalling work on a lump sum basis.

95 Noting that the spalling repair works had been completed for more than a
year with no instances of failure by the time of his inspection, Jones
concluded that the works had been properly carried out by the plaintiff.

96 Jones opined that the quality of the finishing coat used for the metal
frame and roof of covered car park lots was superior in performance to the
gloss paint specified under the tender.

97 Jones went on to review the defects list prepared by BAPL/Chin. On the
alleged blistering of the paintwork, he pointed out that the photographs upon
which Chin relied did not show this defect or it was not apparent. Some
instances of alleged blistering were actually unevenness of the substrate and
not blistered paint. Further, many instances of alleged blistering and paint
discolouration was due to moisture trapped in the substrate. In addition, the
cause was due to an inherent defect in the structure and fabric of the
building, noting that the estate had a history of seepage from external walls
over the years. He noted that there were cracks in the plaster but it was not
certain whether they were in the new plaster or originated from the old
plaster of previous painting works.

98 Jones concluded that the defects list of BAPL had been based on an
inspection by persons who did not possess sufficient knowledge to accurately
identify the nature of the conditions they observed. Moreover, repeated items
in the defects list meant that site recordings were inaccurate and there had
been an attempt to falsely increase the magnitude of the alleged defects
recorded.

99 Szetho (PW4) was the plaintiff’s other expert witness who testified on the
issue of the plaintiff’s claim for prolongation costs due to the delay in
approval of repairs lists by the defendant. Based on the workflow chart at
[19] implemented by the defendant and the records he had been given of the
time the defendant took to approve repairs lists submitted by the plaintiff,
Szetho opined that the plaintiff was entitled to an extension of time under
clause 23 of the SIA Conditions. He was also of the view that the plaintiff’s
letter dated 23 October 2008 (see [131]  _supra_) complied with clause 23.
Szetho revealed he had assisted the plaintiff to prepare the documentation to
support its claim for extension of time. In the process, he interviewed the
project manager (Neo), perused the minutes of site meetings as well as Neo’s
daily progress reports.

100 Szetho assessed that the plaintiff’s work had been delayed by 46 days
(6.42 weeks) at which time it had completed 57% of the work and needed another
13 weeks to complete the balance 43%. Added to the delay of 46 days/6.42
weeks, that meant that the plaintiff’s claim for extension of time totalled
19.42 weeks.

101 Szetho also assessed the plaintiff’ claim for extension of time due to
inclement weather based on site records and arrived at a figure of 54 days. He
noted that there were several changes of condominium managers which caused
further delays due to lack of continuity.

102 The plaintiff’s final expert witness was Tan from Setsco [41]. For his
report dated 21 April 2009, Tan (PW2) took paint samples from the lobby areas
of various floors of Blocks 1, 3 and 7 to test for the number of layers and
the thickness within the coats which were all of SS 345 paints.

103 Tan’s tests results showed there were three to five layers of paints and
the minimum and maximum thickness of the paints (in microns) can be seen from
the tables below:-

Sample reference spots |  Final layer |  1st layer |  2nd layer  |  3rd layer  |  Based coat layer  |  Total  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Level 1 lobby D (min thickness) |  50 |  30 |  10 |  10 |  80 |  235  
Level 1 lobby D (max. thickness) |  85 |  70 |  30 |  35 |  130 |  295  
Blk 1 lobby A #09-01 (min. thickness) |  40 |  55 |  ___ |  ___ |  150 |  315  
Blk 1 lobby A #09-01 (max. thickness) |  80 |  130 |  |  |  200 |  350  
Blk 1 lobby B #05-06 (min. thickness) |  50 |  60 |  20 |  30 |  100 |  280  
Blk 1 lobby B #05-06 (max. thickness) |  80 |  85 |  50 |  50 |  120 |  340  
*Blk 3 lobby F #03-22 (min. thickness) |  60 |  50 |  40 |  85 |  70 |  420  
*Blk 3 lobby F #03-22 (max. thickness) |  100 |  90 |  70 |  140 |  100 |  535  
Blk 3 lobby G airwell (min. thickness) |  50 |  40 |  20 |  20 |  40 |  195  
Blk 3 lobby G airwell (max. thickness) |  60 |  50 |  30 |  35 |  60 |  220  
Blk 7 lobby Q #22-63 (min. thickness) |  50 |  50 |  50 |  90 |  95 |  375  
Blk 7 lobby Q #22-63 (max. thickness) |  70 |  80 |  70 |  120 |  110 |  410  
Blk 7 lobby R #07-66 (min. thickness) |  40 |  40 |  20 |  20 |  90 |  200  
Blk 7 lobby R #07-66 (max. thickness) |  80 |  60 |  40 |  40 |  110 |  260  
  
  

*The skim coat layer has been omitted from the above table as it did not apply to the other tables. The figures in the last column were also not the total of the cumulative figures in the preceding columns. Unfortunately, the court is none the wiser as Tan was not examined/cross-examined on the issue.

104 Tan’s tests were only on SS 345 paints. His report is to be contrasted
with that of Dr Lim at [89] which seemed to suggest that some of the paints
applied were thinner than tissue paper which had a thickness Dr Lim estimated
to be about 100 microns. Like Tan, Dr Lim had tested a sample of paint from
lobby A of Block 1 #09-01. His paint thickness was 15.49 microns whereas Tan’s
result showed it was 350 microns. Tan found that one coat each of SS 345 and
SS 500 was below 100 microns and the average thickness of two coats of SS 345
was between 235 and 295 microns. Dr Lim on the other hand found (in PSB’s
second report) that the average thickness ranged from 71.9 to 115.8 microns.

105 Cross-examined on the vast discrepancies between his and the test results
carried out by Tan, Dr Lim had no answer except to speculate that Setsco’s
machinery might have been wrong when Tan conducted the tests. It was Jones’
opinion that both experts’ reports should be excluded in view of their vast
differences in findings; I agree. Jones had also recommended (quite sensibly I
would add) that new tests should be conducted by a third independent expert
instead.

The issues

106 Based on the pleadings and the evidence adduced in court, the court must
determine the following issues:

(a)

were the terms set out in the 31 December letter part of the contract between
the parties?

(b)

was the plaintiff in breach of its contractual obligation in using two coats
of SS 345 paints for external areas?

(c)

was the contract for spalling contract repairs agreed on a lump sum or
provisional sum basis?

(d)

was the plaintiff entitled to an extension of time for completion?

(e)

was the plaintiff entitled to prolongation costs for the defendant’s alleged
delay in approving repair lists?

(f)

was the defendant’ call on the performance bond wrongful?

(g)

is the defendant’s counterclaim justified and if so, which items?

The findings

(i) Were the terms in the 31 December letter part of the contract?

107 I entertain little doubt on the evidence that the proposals of the
plaintiff in the 31 December letter (at [10]) were accepted by the Council and
formed part of the contract between the parties. In this regard, I believe and
accept the testimony of Casimir, Catherine, Neoh and Chia all of whom
corroborated the evidence of the plaintiff’s witnesses Ren and Neo.

108 The defendant had argued against the incorporation of the 31 December
letter into the contract because the defendant did not have a copy in its
records, the document did not have a date stamp and it contained a reference
number even though the plaintiff had yet to be awarded the contract.

109 At the commencement of trial, I had taken to task counsel for the
defendant for not agreeing to dispense with the authenticity of numerous
documents purely because his client did not have copies of the same even
though some of those documents emanated from the defendant. That showed that
the defendant maintained poor record-keeping at its management office. Just
because the defendant could not find a copy of the 31 December letter and
other correspondence (including minutes of site meetings) did not mean that
the plaintiff did not send that or other letters or that the defendant did not
receive the same or that the documents did not exist.

110 It bears remembering that members of the Council had seen the 31 December
letter which was also referred to in Casimir’s supplementary report dated 10
January 2008. Members of the Council had received and discussed the
supplementary report a day later. According to Casimir (and corroborated by
attendees Neoh and Chia), he had previously discussed the tenders at a meeting
with the SMC (on the evening of 3 January 2008) after he had collected the
tender documents that morning.

111 What is most telling and damning of the defendant was an email sent to
Neoh by the honorary secretary of the defendant (Jeanette Chong Aruldoss) on
15 July 2008 (at 2AB149) that said:

Need your help.

Just wanted to check if SMC was aware of SKK’s letter dd 31 Dec 07 (attached),
or at least the contents of such letter, before Council voted via email to
award the tender to SKK. (The approval by email was obtained between 4 and 10
Jan 08). To jog your memory, there was a SMC special meeting held on 3 Jan 08
at 7.30pm attended by Thomas, yourself, Nitin and Jaime.

It is not clear from the MG Office records whether SKK’s letter was found
inside the Tender Box clipped together with their Tender at close of Tender
(31 Dec 07), or whether SKK sent their letter shortly after close of Tender
(which is still alright as long as SMC is aware of the proposed variations
before deciding to award to SKK).

In the light of the above email, it did not lie in the mouth of the
defendant’s witnesses to claim that members of the new Council were unaware of
the existence of the 31 December letter until much later when disputes arose
with the plaintiff. It bears noting that Kula was the chairman of the SMC of
the new Council and was a member of all four councils (21st to 24th). He knew
or ought to have known of the terms and conditions of the contract between the
plaintiff and the defendant at the time it was negotiated by persons like Neoh
and Chia with the plaintiff, as well as Casimir’s recommendations and advice.
As will be seen later, the court was unimpressed with Kula as a witness.

112 In respect of the missing date stamp, Catherine had given a credible
explanation for its omission on the 31 December letter. Bearing in mind that
all the tenders came in sealed bids, it would have been surprising if any bids
were date stamped. The dates were stamped on the bids and the shorter letter
after the bids were opened on 2 January 2009. It was an inadvertent but
unfortunate omission that whoever was tasked with stamping the dates on all
the bids and the letters had omitted to do so on the 31 December letter.

113 As for the defendant’s third reason in [108], it is strange that the
defendant who was not the maker thereof was in a position to speculate on what
the reference used by the plaintiff on the 31 December letter meant.

114 The defendant’s reasons for refusing to accept the 31 December letter as
being part of the contract were frivolous and baseless. Consequently, I hold
that the contract between the parties incorporated the following four
amendments set out in that letter:-

(a) a completion period of 42 instead of 34 weeks;

(b) two coats of SS 345 paints to be applied instead of one coat each of SS
500 and SS 345 for the entire external walls;

(c) one primer coat of SKK Mirac and two final coats of SKK PU enamel for the
metal frame and roof of the covered car-parks;

(d) spalling repairs to plastered and concrete surfaces were to be charged on
a lump sum basis.

As for _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ ([80]  _infra)_ , that case has no application
whatsoever to our case. The plaintiff was not attempting to import extrinsic
evidence to interpret the contract between the parties as the
plaintiff/respondent in the case sought to do. The plaintiff’s case was that
the 31 December letter varied the contract between the parties as found in the
tender documents, which I hold it did.

(ii) Was the plaintiff in breach of contract in using two coats of SS 345
paints instead of one coat each of SS345 and SS 500?

115 In the light of my finding in (i) that the proposals in the 31 December
letter formed part of and varied the contract, the plaintiff was not in breach
of the tender specifications in not providing one coat of SS500 and SS345
instead of applying two coats of SS345 together with one coat of primer
sealer.

116 It would be pertinent at this juncture to return to the testimony of Ren
and Chin on this issue. Ren had testified (see [55]) that if one coat of SS
500 and one coat of SS 345 had been applied instead of two coats of SS 345,
the costs savings would only have amounted to $10,500 for the entire estate,
or a sum of $2,500 for Blocks 1 and 3.

117 The defendanthad disavowed the amended minutes of the first site meeting
(item (j) at [47]) that recorded that the paint to be used for external
elevations would be two coats of SS 345 instead of one coat each of SS 500 and
SS 345. However, no evidence was presented by the defendant to contradict
Casimir’s testimony that he made the amendment (which the Council accepted) to
reflect the discussion on site. No objections by the defendant were recorded
anywhere on the choice of paints before the new Council took office.

118 In the course of proceedings, after being pressed by the court, counsel
for the defendant confirmed that his client was not making a claim for paint
blistering. The court required clarification of this issue as, during the site
inspection on 29 March 2011, many instances of paint blistering/bubbling) were
pointed out by the defendant’s representatives.

119 I note that the quality of the plaintiff’s painting works was recorded
favourably by a Council member Jaime Chiew at site meeting no. 5 on 28 March
2008. On the other hand, apart from complaints by its witnesses, the defendant
produced not one iota of evidence to support its claim that it had complained
of defective paintworks. Further, when the handover inspection of Block 3 took
place on 23 May 2008, no complaints were made to the plaintiff on its
workmanship save for the usual touch-ups and minor rectification works
required by Casimir.

120 I should also point out that at the first meeting of the SMC of the new
Council held on 26 June 2008 at which Casimir was present, the subject of the
change in paint specifications was raised and discussed.

121 It seems to me from the evidence that the new Council was bent on finding
fault regardless with the plaintiff of what had transpired and agreed
previously between the plaintiff, Casimir/CCBS and the defendant when the
Council was in charge. This can be seen from the defendant’s solicitors’
letter dated 3 December 2008 to CCBS where the solicitors alleged that Casimir
had

...deliberately taken a position that SS 345 paint shall be applied as the 2nd
coat contrary to the express terms of the Contract requiring SS 500 pain to be
applied…

I note in this regard that the defendant did not respond to the plaintiff’s
lengthy letter dated 11 July 2008 giving the history of the plaintiff’s tender
and how the selection of paints came about. In the same letter, the plaintiff
had also touched on the delay by the SMC in approval of the repair lists as
well as the defendant’s non-payment of its progress claim no. 2 even though it
was certified on 9 June 2008. The defendant did not respond to the letter.

122 As was noted earlier (at [22]), this was not the only letter from the
plaintiff to which the defendant failed to reply. In cross-examination, Kula
was unable to given any (satisfactory) explanation for the defendant’s silence
on the plaintiff’s repeated complaints in its several letters.

Were the repairs for spalling concrete a lump sum or provisional sum contract?

123 Neo (the plaintiff’s project manager) had referred to repair lists that
only stated the units that needed repairs, not the areas. Casimir had approved
those lists prior to the termination of CCBS’ services. The defendant did not
challenge Neo’s evidence. No complaints were made against the plaintiff either
at site meetings or in correspondence for its claims for repairs being made on
a lump sum basis, prior to the new Council taking office.

124 I would make the same observation in regard to the defendant’s complaint
on the plaintiff’s work relating to the air-conditioning ledges.

125 In any event, as the plaintiff’s witness Neo said, whatever differences
the new Council’s members may have had with the 21st Council was a matter
between them and did not/should not concern the plaintiff – it was
contractually obliged to and did, carry out the instructions of the defendant
as given by its contract administrator Casimir/CCBS at the material time.

(iii) Was the plaintiff entitled to an extension of time for completion?

126 It was the evidence of the plaintiff’s witnesses Ren and Neo that the late
approval from the SMC of the plaintiff’s repair lists caused the delay in
works. This was recorded in numerous letters from the plaintiff to the
defendant to which there were no replies (as admitted by Kula). The
plaintiff’s evidence was supported by none other than Kula himself whose AEIC
(at para 44) set out a table listing at least nine instances of undue delay by
the SMC in granting approval. In court however, Kula changed tack and claimed
that Peter had been authorised from 16 September 2008 to approve the repair
lists.

127 Peter on the other hand claimed he had not been so authorised even as of
November 2009. Indeed, when he was questioned by the court (at N/E 812), Peter
not only disclaimed authority but revealed that he was specifically instructed
by a new Council member not to sign off painting works after October 2008.
Peter had initially denied his duty was to approve the painting works until he
was confronted with a set (at 1AB2489-2661) of repair/repainting lists that he
had signed off. While minutes of site meetings recorded that both Casimir
(before January 2009) and the plaintiffs’ representatives complained of
delayed approvals by the SMC, there were no minutes that recorded the
plaintiff and/or Casimir being told that Peter was authorised to approve the
repair lists submitted by the plaintiff. As Kula’s own records showed, the
approval process took 46-47 days in two instances. Questioning by the court
revealed that Peter was as unreliable a witness as Kula.

128 Undoubtedly there were delays on the part of the defendant/the SMC that
entitled the defendant to an extension of time for completion. Even Chin was
forced to admit after prevaricating (at N/E 944), that if the delays were
caused by slow approvals from the SMC (which I find it was), then the
plaintiff was entitled to extensions of time.

129 The defendant in its closing submissions (at paras 169-175) argued that
the plaintiff was not entitled to its EOT claim (by its letter dated 23
October 2008) as it had failed to comply with the condition precedent in cl
23.2 of the SIA Conditions. It would be appropriate at this juncture therefore
to look at the clause.

130 Clause 23.2 of the SIA Conditions states:-

It shall be a condition precedent to an extension of time by the Architect
under any provision of this Contract including the present clause (unless the
Architect has already informed he Contractor of his willingness to grant an
extension of time) that the Contractor shall within 28 days notify the
Architect in writing of any event or direction or instruction that which he
considers entitles him to an extension of time together with a sufficient
explanation of the reasons why delay to completion will result. Upon receipt
of such notification the Architect, within one month of a request to do so by
the Contractor specifically mentioning the sub-clause, shall inform the
Contractor whether or not he considers the event or instruction or direction
in principle entitles the Contractor to an extension of time.

131 For ease of reference, I shall also set out the full text of the
plaintiff’s letter dated 23 October 2008 (at 2AB166) to CCBS. It states:-

Dear Sir,

Re: REPAIR & REPAINTING WORKS TO MANDARIN GARDENS AT SIGLAP ROAD

Reference to the above caption, please be informed officially in this letter
that SKK formerly (sic) request for an Extension of Time as at October 2008
based upon the valid following reasons:

1 Excessive inclement weather which badly affects the progress of the external
repair and repainting works.

2 Failure to receive timely instructions and required information of all
repair works which also hindered the progress of the repainting works in order
to complete the contracted works accordingly.

3 Breach of the agreed Contract by the MSCT in relation to the contractual
obligations of the delay of the contracted works and the payment terms caused
by the Management Council.

In lieu of the above, we shall look forward to your early confirmation and
assessment of the additional costs incurred by SKK (S) Pte ltd pertaining to
the claim for Extension of Time.

132 In its closing submissions, the plaintiff contended that Casimir supported
the plaintiff’s request for an extension of time save that he had not decided
on the period of the extension. This was evidenced in numerous minutes of site
meetings as well as in Casimir’s own letters to the defendant. The plaintiff
had submitted that the defendant could not rely on the plaintiff’s purported
non-compliance with cl 23.2 of the SIA Conditions as it was not pleaded in the
defence and counterclaim, relying on the following extract from _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ (at p 267):-

...a general averment of the due performance of all such conditions precedent
is implied in every pleading and therefore it need not be alleged (para (4)).
It follows that the onus is on any party contending that some condition
precedent has not been duly performed to state with proper particularity what
that condition was, and to plead its non-performance; otherwise its due
performance will be presumed. See _Amixco Asia Pte Ltd v Bank Bumiputra
Malaysia Bhd_ [1992] 2 SLR 943 at 954, where Selvam JC said: By O 18 r 7(4)of
the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970, a condition precedent necessary for the
case of a p is to be implied in his pleadings. The defendant must therefore
raise in his defence the point of non compliance with a condition precedent: O
18 r 8(1)…

133 Order 18 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, r 5 2006 Rev Ed) states:

A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter, for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality -

(a) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

134 In the light of O 18 r 8(1) of the Rules of Court, the defendant is
precluded by the omission in its pleadings from raising the defence that the
plaintiff had failed to comply with the condition precedent in cl 23.2 of the
SIA Conditions for the EOT claim.

135 The EOT claim was not only based on the SMC’s delayed approvals of the
plaintiff’s repair lists but also based on inclement weather. This aspect of
the plaintiff’s claim was much less controversial as Neo had maintained daily
records of the weather conditions throughout the project which the defendant
did not challenge. The subject of inclement weather was also recorded in the
minutes of site meetings. Chin himself agreed that the plaintiff was entitled
to an extension of time since his Delay Certificate gave an extension of 197
days for completion (before he purported to withdraw it). Szetho assessed that
the plaintiff was entitled to 54 days extension due to inclement weather.
Szetho’s calculations (see his exhibits ST-6 and ST-7) were based on a
comparison of Neo’s log entries for the period 1 March 2008 to 13 January 2009
with the records of the meteorological department of the National Environment
Agency.

136 The defendant did not produce any contrary evidence to challenge the
evidence of Neo or Szetho’s calculations. Instead, in its closing submissions,
it relied on the Malaysian case _Bina Puri Sdn Bhd v MUI Continental Insurance
Bhd (formerly known as MUI Continental Insurance Sdn Bhd)_ [2010] 1 MLJ 347
for its argument that the plaintiff had failed to prove a causal link between
the 54 days of inclement weather and the delay in the Works. The defendant
submitted that the delaying event must have affected the critical path of the
Works and have a knock-on effect on the completion date to justify the
granting of an extension of time. The defendant argued that inclement weather
being a neutral cause of delay, “it was trite that the contractor bears the
risks of such costs. In such instances, even if an extension of time is
awarded, no prolongation costs are claimable by the contractor” (para 179 of
its submissions).

137 The defendant further contended that cl 23(1)(b) of the SIA Conditions
allows an extension of time to be granted based on “exceptionally adverse
weather” whereas the plaintiff had in its pleadings referred to “inclement
weather”(the plaintiff argued the phrase was used synonymously with
“exceptionally adverse weather”). Citing passages from the textbooks _Delay
and Disruption in Construction Contracts_ (Keith Pickavance 4th ed at p 149)
and Chow Kok Fong’s _Law and Practice of Construction Contracts_ (2004 at p
420-421), the defendant submitted that there was no basis for Szetho’s opinion
that 2 hours of rainfall in a day was considered exceptional. Szetho should
have ascertained whether the rainfall logs (of Neo) exceeded the statistical
average as recorded by the meteorological department instead of comparing
Neo’s records with those of the meteorological department. Szetho’s “overly
simplistic method” of assessment ignored the fact that Singapore’s tropical
climate meant that heavy rain was not unforeseeable much less exceptional. The
defendant added that the plaintiff being experienced contractors in a wet
tropical climate ought to have factored in days for which work could not be
carried out due to rain _viz_ a “float”.

138 I do not accept the defendant’s foregoing arguments. Painting works in
Singapore would invariably be subject to the vagaries of the weather. It bears
noting again that the original completion date of the contract was 5 December
2008 before the full onset of the seasonal rainy weather in December. Had it
not been for the defendant’s conduct which resulted in completion being
delayed by five months to May 2009, the plaintiff would have completed the
Works on time or ahead of schedule which meant a “float” would have been
factored into the completion period bearing in mind the plaintiff are
experienced, as a paint supplier as well as a paint contractor. Moreover,
Szetho’s assessment of 54 days inclement weather was less than the 70 days of
rain recorded by the meteorological department.

139 The defendant’s submission (like its argument on the need for the Works’
critical path to be affected by a delaying event before an extension of time
can be granted) completely ignored the fact that the Works were primarily a
painting exercise of the external elevations of the blocks in the estate. The
contract was not a construction contract per se. A critical path programme was
inapplicable and/or unnecessary in this case. Even if the rainfall was
unexceptional, exterior painting works would be affected by rain, bearing in
mind that the plaintiff’s working hours were 8am to 5pm daily. As Szetho noted
(paras 45-49 of his AEIC), painting cannot be carried out once it rains as
wall surfaces would be damp. The plaintiff would have to wait (4 hours
normally) for the moisture to dry as paints that are applied to moist surfaces
will not bond to the wall. Even interior areas like corridors and lobbies
would be affected by moisture from rain.

140 Attendant to the dispute regarding delays was Chin’s withdrawal on 20
August 2009 of the Delay Certificate that he issued on 17 July 2009. It was
the plaintiff’s case that Chin could not withdraw the certificate and declare
it null and void as that was expressly prohibited by cl 31(6) of the SIA
Conditions (at PCB 46). The clause states:-

The Architect shall have power to issue a further Interim Certificate at any
time whether before or after completion, correcting any error in an earlier
Interim Certificate (but not in any Delay, Termination of Delay, Further Delay
or any certificate other than an Interim Certificate) or dealing with any
matter of which he was not aware, or which should have been dealt with, at the
time of an earlier Interim Certificate, or revising any decision or opinion on
which that Certificate was based.

141 The defendant countered the plaintiff’s submission by arguing that the
plaintiff could not rely on cl 31(6) as it did not plead the clause in its
statement of claim. The plaintiff on the other hand relied on _Lian Soon
Construction Pte Ltd v Guan Qian Realty Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 518 to argue
it was not necessary to do so. In that case, an architect issued two delay
certificates three days before the hearing of the main contractor’s
application for summary judgment based on interim certificates issued by the
architect. The court held that on the facts, the architect had failed to act
upon the main contractor’s application for extension of time when he left the
matter ambiguous and uncertain for a whole year and no explanation was offered
for such failure. The plaintiff highlighted the following passages from the
case:-

24 As the architect’s decisions on extensions of time have such significant
financial implications on the parties, it seems that once he has made a
decision, he is not permitted without exceptionally good reason to change it.
This is implicit in cl 31(4) of the SIA general conditions which provides that
a delay certificate cannot be corrected. It reads as follows:

…

25 The position is illustrated in _Tropican Contractors Pte Ltd v Lojan
Properties Pte Ltd_ [1989] 1 SLR (R) 591. There, the architect had in the
course of the contract given the contractors extensions of time totalling nine
months. Subsequently, when the contractors applied for summary judgment on
interim certificates, the architect purported to change his decision on
extension of time, reducing it from nine months to 17 days. He purported to
then issue a delay certificate enabling the employers to deduct liquidated
damages, with the effect of nullifying the contractors’ claim on the interim
certificates. It was held by LP Thean J (as he then was) that the purported
revision of extension of time was invalid; so was the purported delay
certificate.

142 Chin undoubtedly contravened cl 31(6) of the SIA Conditions and it is
telling that he offered no credible reason for his withdrawal of the Delay
Certificate. In this regard, the defendant’s submission (at para 322) that
Chin was entitled to correct “a plain and obvious error” is without merit.

143 However, I would need to address the defendant’s argument that the
plaintiff was precluded from raising cl 31(6) SIA Conditions as that was not
part of the plaintiff’s pleaded case. I note that the plaintiff made no
reference to the SIA Conditions in its statement of claim (although the
Further and Better Particulars of the statement of claim did refer to cl
23(1)[b]). In its reply to the defence and counterclaim, the plaintiff pleaded
cll 23(1)(b) 23(2) and 23(4) of the SIA Conditions but it did not refer to cl
31generally or to cl 31(6) specifically. The defendant on its part referred to
cll 11(1), 23 and 31(4) of the SIA Conditions in its defence but not the
condition precedent in cl 23(2). I am of the view that the plaintiff is
precluded from relying on cl 31(6) of the SIA Conditions for its argument that
Chin could not withdraw the Delay Certificate once it was issued. Like the
defendant, the plaintiff is bound by its pleadings. Chin’s breach of cl 31(6)
should have but had not, been pleaded by the plaintiff.

(iv) Was the plaintiff entitled to prolongation costs for the defendant’s
delay in approval of the repair lists?

144 It follows from my earlier finding (that the plaintiff was entitled to an
extension of time for completion), that the plaintiff was consequentially
entitled to prolongation costs (based on Szetho’s computation) for the
defendant’s delay in approving the repair lists. In this regard, I reject the
defendant’s submission that the plaintiff must go further to establish that
the risk of the loss and expense resulting from the defendant’s delayed
approvals fell on the defendant as owner as opposed to the defendant as
contractor. This was an unmeritorious argument in the light of the evidence
(and admitted by Kula) that it was the defendant’s repeated delays in
approving the repair lists that caused the plaintiff from being ahead of
schedule in July 2008 to being behind schedule by sixteen weeks in December
2008, after Peter’s appointment in August 2008 and the implementation of the
approval flow chart in [19].

(v) Was the defendant’s call on the performance guarantee wrongful?

145 I find that there was no basis for the defendant to call upon the
performance guarantee on or about 21 May 2009 as the plaintiff had completed
the Works by 8 May 2009. Further, certified payments were due and owing to the
plaintiff at the time of the call. Consequently, the plaintiff is entitled to
a refund of the sum of $261,396 that the defendant obtained under the
performance guarantee.

(vi) The defendant’s counterclaim

146 In the light of the evidence adduced and my earlier observations, I find
that the defendant’s counterclaim has no merit.

The witnesses

147 It would be appropriate before I conclude to make my observations on the
witnesses that were called by the parties.

148 Viewed as a whole, the testimony of the plaintiff’s witnesses both factual
and expert, was far more credible than the evidence presented by the
defendant’s witnesses. The members of the Council and Catherine were
forthright in their testimony and so too were the plaintiff’s representatives
Ren and Neo.

149 As for the plaintiff’s experts, the testimony of Jones and Szetho
withstood the rigours of cross-examination. However, I decided to ignore the
testimony of Tan (a subpoenaed witness) as recommended by Jones, since Tan’s
test results were greatly discrepant with those presented by the defendants’
expert. Dr Lim’s testimony could not be accepted as it was absurd to accept
that the paint applied to the exterior elevations of the estate could be
thinner than the thickness of a piece of tissue paper. The court had viewed
the various blocks at the estate on 29 March 2011 and had noted therefrom that
the paints were thick if not too thick at some parts. The site inspection also
revealed bubbling and blistering of paints at numerous locations particularly
on Blocks 3 and 5. This defect vindicated the plaintiff as it corroborated
Ren’s and Neo’s testimony at [59] (which Jones confirmed) that SS 500 paint
had a lower permeability than SS 345 paint; the entrapment of water under SS
500 paint (which paint the defendant insisted the plaintiff must use despite
the latter’s advice) caused bubbles and blisters to form on the surface.

150 Needless to say and at the risk of repetition, I was not at all impressed
by the defendant’s witnesses Kula, Bernard Lee, Peter, Chan and least of all
by Chin. Chin was not only blatantly biased in favour of the defendant but was
found to have lied in the witness stand. I therefore give no credence
whatsoever to his testimony. Notwithstanding my ruling in [143] that the
plaintiff cannot rely on cl 31(6) of the SIA Conditions, I find that Chin had
no basis as the contractor administrator to withdraw the Delay Certificate, an
act that further added to his lack of credibility as the plaintiff was
entitled to an extension of time for completion.

151 Like the defendant’s other witnesses, Bernard Lee’s testimony was equally
suspect. He came close to being cited for contempt of court as, despite the
court’s repeated exhortation not to do so, Bernard Lee persisted in referring
to a tape recording of what transpired at the last meeting of the Council held
on 28 February 2008 although the typed minutes were before the court and the
tape-recording was not admitted as evidence. Chan, Kula and Bernard Lee relied
heavily on the fact that the defendant’s records did not have copies of
disputed documents including the 31 December letter and the amended minutes of
the first site meeting. Their AEICs were short on personal knowledge and long
on suspicions and/or speculations.

152 I should add that in the course of cross-examination, Chan’s attention was
drawn to several minutes of site meetings where it was recorded that the
defendant had borrowed the plaintiff’s files and it was put to him by counsel
for the plaintiff (which he disagreed) it was because “the MSCT’s files were
in such a mess that many documents were missing”. Chan’s disagreement does not
detract from the fact that the defendant’s files were obviously incomplete.

153 None of the trio _viz_ Kula, Bernard Lee or Chan was present at the SMC
meeting on 3 January 2008 or at the Council meeting on 14 January 2008 so as
to be able to refute the testimony of Neoh and Chia that the 31 December
letter was indeed discussed and the plaintiff’s proposals accepted there and
then. The defendant could have tested Neoh’s/Chia’s veracity by producing the
minutes of the SMC meeting on 3 January 2008 but it did not. What is
noteworthy is that at the first SMC meeting of the new Council on 26 June 2008
(see [120]) which all three attended, Casimir had explained why SS 345 paint
was preferred over SS 500 (the plaintiff would not provide a warranty against
blistering and bubbling if SS 500 was used). Yet the trio chose to ignore his
explanation as the contract administrator and persisted in their unreasonable
stance that the defendant was bound by the original tender specifications.
Their behaviour bordered on pettiness as reflected in their complaint (which
proved to be unfounded) that the plaintiff had omitted to take site
photographs for the repair works before the same were carried out. Their
allegation that Casimir or the Council or Catherine had backdated the
supplementary report was similarly baseless.

Conclusion

154 In the light of my earlier findings, the plaintiff is entitled to final
judgment with interest (from the date of the writ) and costs (to be taxed or
otherwise agreed) for the following sums set out in the Scott Schedule:-

(a) Item 1 -- $307,479.02 payments certified but not paid (including the
retention sum of $220,615.28);

(b) Item 2 - $342,399.60 for spalling concrete works not certified (ie
$320,400 as the court found it was a lump sum contract and item 75 (balance
$21,999.60) under cl 3.0 of Section C of the contract);

(c) Item 3 – refund of $261,396 on the performance guarantee.

155 The plaintiff is awarded interlocutory judgment with damages to be
assessed by the Registrar for the claim for prolongation costs. The costs of
such assessment with interest thereon are reserved to the Registrar. The
defendant’s counterclaim is dismissed with costs.

156 In the plaintiff’s submissions (para 30), the defendant’s case was
described as being based on suspicions, speculation and theories. Having
reviewed the evidence adduced in court, I agree. The alleged conspiracy
between the plaintiff, Casimir, Catherine and the Council to cheat the new
Council was nothing more than a figment of the imagination of members of the
new Council especially its witnesses. Their conduct left much to be desired;
they did not act in the interests of the subsidiary proprietors of the estate
in resisting the plaintiff’s claim and in launching what turned out to be a
frivolous counterclaim.

157 Had the new Council abided by the contract, the plaintiff was obliged
under the twelve months’ defects liability period as well as its five year
waterproofing warranty for SS 345, to attend to defects in the paintworks in
the estate if called upon to do so by the defendant. Because the new Council
of the defendant insisted on the change of paints from SS 345 to SS 500 and
the plaintiff provided no warranty against blistering for the latter, the
defendant only has itself to blame that it has no remedies for defective
paintworks arising from usage of SS 500.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Sep 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

