Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) _v_ Newport Mining Ltd and
another appeal  
[2011] SGCA 42

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 151 and 153 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Chan and Koh Junxiang (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the
appellant in Civil Appeal No 151 of 2009 and the respondent in Civil Appeal No
153 of 2009; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Tay Yong Seng, Tan Xeauwei and Sylvia Tee
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 151 of 2009 and
the appellant in Civil Appeal No 153 of 2009.  
Parties| :|  Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Newport Mining Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 3 SLR 956.]

23 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 These were appeals by both Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (“Norwest”) and Newport
Mining Ltd (“Newport”) (respectively, “CA 151/2009” and “CA 153/2009”) against
the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in Suit No 28 of 2009 (see
_Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Newport Mining Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR
956 (“the GD”)) concerning the sale by the liquidator of Norwest of the entire
share capital of its wholly-owned subsidiary Norwest Chemicals Pte Ltd
(“Norwest Chemicals”) to Newport. The Judge dismissed Norwest’s claim for
S$5.6475m as damages arising from Newport’s failure to complete the purchase
of the shares and allowed Newport’s counterclaim for recovery of the S$102,500
deposit it had placed with Norwest. Norwest appealed against the entirety of
the Judge’s decision whilst Newport appealed against the Judge’s specific
finding that there was a binding contract between Newport and Norwest for the
sale and purchase of the entire share capital of Norwest Chemicals (“the
Shares”).

2 After hearing submissions from both parties, we were satisfied that there
was no binding contract between Newport and Norwest and that Newport was
therefore under no obligation to complete the purchase of the Shares. That
being the case, we dismissed Norwest’s appeal in CA 151/2009 and allowed
Newport’s appeal in CA 153/2009. Even though we arrived at the same result as
the Judge below, we respectfully differed in terms of the reasoning. We now
set out below the detailed grounds for our decision.

The background facts

3 Norwest is a company incorporated in Singapore. It was placed under
compulsory liquidation on 11 January 2008 pursuant to an order of court. Mr
Lai Seng Kwoon (“the Liquidator”) was appointed the sole liquidator of
Norwest.

4 Norwest Chemicals is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Norwest. At the material
time Norwest Chemicals owned 100% of the share capital of Sichuan Mianzhu
Norwest Phosphate Chemical Company Limited (“Norwest China”), a company
incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (“China”). Norwest China owns a
30,000 mtpa (_ie_ , metric tonnes per annum) sodium and potassium phosphate
production facility and a 6,000 mtpa facility for acid production located in
the Sichuan province in China (“Production Facilities”) as well as the mining
rights to two phosphate rock mines (“the Mines”) for a period up to 2015
(collectively referred to as the “Chinese Business”).

5 Newport is an Australian publicly listed company which was at the material
time actively looking to acquire phosphate assets. In response to an
information memorandum prepared by the Liquidator (“the Information
Memorandum”) for the intended sale of the entire share capital of Norwest
Chemicals, Taylor Collison Limited (“Taylor Collison”), acting as sharebrokers
and investment advisers to Newport, indicated Newport’s interest in acquiring
the Shares in a letter dated 27 February 2008[note: 1] addressed to the
Liquidator.

6 The purpose of the Information Memorandum[note: 2] prepared by the
Liquidator in relation to the proposed sale of the Shares was to inform
interested buyers of the conditions of the proposed sale (on an “as is where
is” basis) so that those interested buyers could submit an Expression of
Interest and “non-binding offer” to the Liquidator and to allow the Liquidator
to determine which parties would be involved in the second stage of due
diligence in order to finalise the sale process. Interested buyers had to
carry out independent investigations at their own expense and make their own
independent assessment of the potential value of Norwest Chemicals. It was
further stated in the Information Memorandum (at para 3.0) that the intention
of the Liquidator was to sell Norwest Chemicals together with Norwest China in
its “present state and condition on an ‘as is, where is’ basis and subject to
a Sale and Purchase Agreement”.[note: 3]

7 The following timeline was provided for at para 3.1 of the Information
Memorandum. As it contains several important pieces of information, it is
reproduced in full as follows:

|  **Item** |  **Proposed Deadline**  
---|---|---  
i |  Interested parties to revert with an Expression of Interest on [Norwest Chemicals] in the format as appendixed hereto (See Appendix A).[note: 4] |  6 April 2008  
ii |  Liquidator to inform shortlisted parties of his intention to proceed with them to the due diligence stage and to request them to confirm their participation by submitting a refundable Cashier’s Order equivalent to 1% of their proposed offer or S$25,000, whichever is higher. |  15 April 2008  
iii |  Shortlisted parties to reply to the Liquidator’s invitation to proceed to due diligence stage by the remittance of a _refundable cashier’s order amounting to 1% of their proposed preliminary offer_ or S$25,000, whichever is higher. Shortlisted parties are also required to submit a list of documents that they would like to inspect at the due diligence process. |  22 April 2008  
iv |  Due diligence in Singapore and China. |  28 April 2008 – 11 May 2008  
v |  Interested parties to deliver to the Liquidator a firm letter of offer in the format as annexed hereto (see Appendix B).[note: 5] |  16 May 2008  
vi |  Liquidator responds with _acceptance subject to agreement on terms and conditions. Negotiation and conclusion of Sale and Purchase Agreement with successful bidder_. |  23 May 2008 – 3 June 2008  
vii |  Transfer of title in [Norwest Chemicals] and close of sale. |  13 June 2008  
  
  

[emphasis added]

8 In a letter dated 4 April 2008, Taylor Collison submitted an Expression of
Interest (in the form of Appendix A to the Information Memorandum) to the
Liquidator, making an offer of S$5.5m for the Shares on behalf of Newport.

9 On 2 May 2008, Newport submitted a Firm Letter of Offer (in the form of
Appendix B to the Information Memorandum) (“First Firm Letter of Offer”),
offering to purchase the Shares for S$10m. This was followed by a subsequent
Firm Letter of Offer dated 9 May 2008 (“Second Firm Letter of Offer”),
increasing the offer to S$10.25m. The material portions of the Second Firm
Letter of Offer read as follows:

We have conducted our independent assessment of the available information and
we hereby offer to purchase the shares held by you in [Norwest Chemicals] at
Singapore Dollars _10,250,000 (ten million two hundred and fifty thousand)_
subject to the terms and conditions in the Sale and Purchase Agreement _to be
negotiated_.

In the event our offer is accepted, we agree to the aforesaid purchase price
and will pay the balance of the purchase price, less the Cashier’s Order of
Singapore Dollars _55,000 (fifty five thousand)_ that has been submitted to
you, in accordance to the terms and conditions set out in the Sale and
Purchase Agreement _to be negotiated_.

This offer is irrevocable and is valid for a period of 45 days from 2 May
2008.

[emphasis added]

The words in italics were added by Newport to the standard form set out in
Appendix B to the Information Memorandum.

10 On 12 May 2008, at 2.28pm (Singapore time), a massive earthquake, measuring
7.9 on the Richter scale, struck the Sichuan province (“the Sichuan
Earthquake”). On the very same day, at 4.20pm (Singapore time), the Liquidator
sent an email to Newport, attaching a letter purporting to accept the offer
made in the Second Firm Letter of Offer (“Acceptance Letter”).[note: 6] In the
Acceptance Letter, the Liquidator stated that:

We hereby accept your offer of Singapore Dollars Ten Million Two Hundred Fifty
Thousand (SGD10,250,000) for all the shares that we hold in [Norwest
Chemicals]. A formal Sale and Purchase Agreement is to be negotiated and
executed between [Newport] and [Norwest]. As previously indicated, the sale is
on an “as is, where is” basis and we make no warranties, representations or
undertakings as regards the assets and liabilities of [Norwest Chemicals] or
its subsidiary [Norwest China].

In the Acceptance Letter, the Liquidator also requested that Newport provide
an additional sum of S$47,500 to make up for the shortfall in the 1% deposit
(out of which Newport had already paid S$55,000).

11 Newport replied the following day, 13 May 2008, at 2.36pm, via email,
thanking the Liquidator for his Acceptance Letter. Newport also stated that it
would work towards the deadline of 1 June 2008, adhering to the revised
timetable enclosed in a 10 April 2008 letter[note: 7] from the Liquidator to
Taylor Collison, and requested the Liquidator to advise on the condition of
the “mine and plant” as well as any information with respect to casualties and
injuries amongst the staff and workers. On 14 May 2008 Newport transferred
S$47,500 to Norwest.

12 No news regarding the damage caused by the Sichuan Earthquake to the
Chinese Business was forthcoming from the Liquidator. The completion date of 1
June 2008 came but Newport did not complete the purchase of the Shares.

13 On 2 June 2008, Norwest’s solicitors sent a letter to Newport’s solicitors,
stating that Newport had failed to fulfil its contractual obligation to
complete the purchase of the Shares by 1 June 2008 and gave Newport a final
extension of up to 4pm on 5 June 2008 to do so.[note: 8] The next day, on 3
June 2008, Newport’s solicitors replied, disavowing the existence of any
“binding and enforceable contract in place for the sale and purchase” of the
Shares.[note: 9]

14 By a letter dated 6 June 2008, Norwest purported to accept Newport’s
repudiation of the contract and gave notice that it would be seeking to
mitigate its loss by seeking alternative buyers for the Shares. In August
2008, the Liquidator sold the Shares to Hwa Hong Edible Oil Industries (“Hwa
Hong”) for S$4.5m. Hwa Hong was the main shareholder of Norwest (holding 49.5%
of Norwest shares) and also the main creditor which put Norwest in liquidation
because of unpaid management fees to the tune of S$4.9m.

15 In January 2009, Norwest commenced this suit against Newport claiming
damages for breach of contract.

The Judge’s decision

16 The Judge dismissed Norwest’s claim for damages and allowed Newport’s
counterclaim for the deposit. In arriving at this conclusion, she made the
following findings:

(a) When Norwest accepted Newport’s Second Firm Letter of Offer, parties had
agreed on the price, subject-matter and the risk and had therefore reached
substantial agreement. The contract was only incomplete as to the mechanics of
the sale but that did not prevent any contract from coming into existence (at
[31] of the GD);

(b) Newport evinced an intention to enter into legal relations immediately
upon Norwest’s acceptance of the Second Firm Letter of Offer (at [38] of the
GD);

(c) The subject-matter of the contract was the Chinese Business, not the
Shares _in vacuo_. After the Sichuan Earthquake, the Shares did not present
the same value as offered on 9 May 2008 and the Liquidator was not able to
deliver the value that was bargained for when Newport made the offer in the
Second Firm Letter of Offer (at [43] of the GD);

(d) Since Newport would not be receiving what it offered to buy, it was not
bound to accept the Shares or make payment (at [50] of the GD);

(e) As the change in the Chinese Business as a result of the Sichuan
Earthquake was unknown to both Newport and Norwest at the time the Acceptance
Letter was sent, the parties were operating under a common mistake as to the
subject-matter of the contract (_viz_ , control over the Chinese Business),
which resulted in the contract being void _ab initio_ (at [67] of the GD); and

(f) Newport was entitled to recover the 1% deposit it placed with Norwest due
to the total failure of consideration from the latter (at [71] of the GD).

The issues

17 In these appeals, Norwest essentially made the following arguments:

(a) The Second Firm Letter of Offer was not “subject to contract” as there
were very strong and exceptional reasons not to give the phrase “subject to
contract” its _prima facie_ meaning. In any case, following Norwest’s
acceptance of Newport’s offer, the essential terms of the contract had been
agreed upon and a contract had been concluded between the parties;

(b) The subject matter of the contract was the Shares, which were not damaged
or destroyed by the Sichuan Earthquake in any way. Since Norwest was ready and
willing to perform its obligation to sell the Shares, in failing to tender the
purchase price Newport had acted in breach of its obligations under the
contract;

(c) It is not part of Singapore law that a condition precedent is implied by
law in all offers that the subject matter of the contract must remain
materially and substantially unchanged at the time of acceptance, failing
which the offer would be incapable of being accepted; and

(d) On Newport’s pleaded case regarding the rules set out in the Information
Memorandum, Norwest was not obliged to return the 1% deposit.

18 In response, Newport contended that there was _no binding legal contract_
between Norwest and Newport for the following reasons:

(a) The Second Firm Letter of Offer was “subject to contract” and was not a
legally binding offer that could be accepted by Norwest;

(b) Even if the Second Firm Letter of Offer constituted a legally binding
offer, it lapsed after the underlying business of Norwest China was destroyed
by the Sichuan Earthquake, and could no longer be capable of acceptance;

(c) Even if there was a binding contract between the parties, Norwest was
unable to perform the contract as the Production Facilities and the Mines had
been severely damaged by the Sichuan Earthquake; and/or

(d) Even if parties had reached any form of agreement, such contract was void
by reason of common mistake between the parties as to the subject matter of
the contract at the time of contract.

Newport also contended that as the 1% deposit was paid on the basis that a
contract would be executed between the parties, the absence of any completed
contract should result in the refund of the deposit by Norwest.

19 Therefore, the dispute between Norwest and Newport boiled down to the
following issues:

(a)

Whether there was a binding contract between Norwest and Newport;

(b)

The characterisation of the subject-matter of the contract between Norwest and
Newport (_ie_ , whether the subject matter was the Shares or the Chinese
Business); and

(c)

Whether the 1% deposit should be refunded to Newport.

After hearing the parties’ submissions, we decided issue (a) in the negative
for the reasons given below, at [20]–[35]. Consequently, it was unnecessary
for us to make a decision on issue (b), and issue (c) was answered in the
affirmative. Since there was no binding contract between Norwest and Newport,
the 1% deposit ought to be refunded because there has been a total failure of
consideration.

The “subject to contract” issue

20 Newport’s first response to Norwest’s claim for damages was that there was
no concluded contract between the two parties owing to the insertion of a
“subject to contract” clause by Newport in both the First and Second Firm
Letters of Offer. Newport contended that after the Second Firm Letter of
Offer, it still needed to negotiate with the Liquidator several conditions
precedent, including one stipulating that the Chinese Business should remain
in the same operating state as observed by Newport during the due diligence
stage, before it could enter into a binding agreement with Norwest. Newport’s
position was that under these circumstances, owing to the absence of a
concluded Sale and Purchase Agreement, the _prima facie_ meaning of a “subject
to contract” clause should be applied, _ie_ , there was no binding and
enforceable contract between them.

21 Norwest took the position that all the essential terms of the contract had
been agreed upon and nothing remained to be negotiated between the parties. In
particular, since it was a liquidation sale, the Liquidator was not in a
position to give any representations or warranties. Norwest also submitted
that the “subject to contract” clause should not be given its _prima facie_
meaning because of the “very strong and exceptional context” which gave rise
to the inference that parties had intended to be bound upon acceptance of the
Second Firm Letter of Offer. These circumstances included:

(a)

Newport’s procuring of third party funding, under which its own obligations
were triggered upon Norwest’s acceptance of its Second Firm Letter of Offer;

(b)

Newport’s decision to call a trading halt the day after the Sichuan Earthquake
in anticipation of its making an announcement concerning the acquisition of an
asset in China; and

(c)

Newport’s topping up of its deposit by S$47,500 despite having full knowledge
of the occurrence of the Sichuan Earthquake.

22 According to _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008)
(“ _Chitty_ ”) at para 2-118, agreements for the sale of land are usually made
“subject to contract” and such agreements are normally regarded as incomplete
until the terms of a formal contract have been settled and approved by the
parties. While such “subject to contract” clauses are well-known in
conveyancing transactions, they are not peculiar to that area and are often
used in commercial transactions (see M P Furmston and G J Tolhurst, _Contract
Formation: Law and Practice_ (Oxford University Press, 2010) (“Furmston and
Tolhurst”) at para 9.15).

23 In the local context, it was held in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Ground & Sharp Precision Engineering Pte Ltd v Midview Realty Pte Ltd_ [2008]
SGHC 160 that (at [18]):

The meaning of “subject to contract” is clear. This expression simply means
that “unless and until a formal written contract has been executed and
exchanged by the parties there is no binding and enforceable contract between
them. That is so even if the parties are in agreement as to all the terms.”
(_Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore
Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR 437 at [27].)

In the Singapore High Court decision of _United Artists Singapore Theatre Pte
Ltd and another v Parkway Properties Pte Ltd and another_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 791
(“ _United Artists_ ”) (affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Parkway Properties
Pte Ltd and another v United Artists Singapore Theatre Pte Ltd and another_
[2003] 2 SLR(R) 103 (where this particular point was not in issue)), it was
similarly held (at [57]) that:

It is well settled that the phrase “subject to contract” makes it clear that
the intention of the parties is that neither of them is to be contractually
bound until a contract is signed. The negotiations remain subject to and
dependent upon the preparation of a formal contract. Either party may withdraw
from the negotiations before a final agreement has been concluded.

24 While the holding in _United Artists_ quoted above seems to suggest that
the phrase “subject to contract” is _conclusive_ of the intention of the
parties, in our judgment, the better view is that the question whether there
is a binding contract between the parties should be determined by considering
all the circumstances, not just the inclusion of the stock phrase “subject to
contract” (on the basis that the _substance_ of the situation must always
prevail). These would include what was communicated between the parties by
words or conduct. In this regard, we are in agreement with the recent decision
of the UK Supreme Court in _RTS Flexible Systems Ltd v Molkerei Alois Müller
GmbH & Co KG (UK Production)_ [2010] 1 WLR 753 in which it was held that (at
[56]):

Whether in such a case [_ie_ , concerning an agreement that is “subject to
contract”] the parties agreed to enter into a binding contract, waiving
reliance on the “subject to [written] contract” term or understanding will
again _depend upon all the circumstances of the case_ , although the cases
show that the court _will not lightly so hold_. [emphasis added]

25 The documentary evidence of the communication between the parties
pertaining to the transaction contained several indications to an objective
observer that they had not intended to be contractually bound until a formal
Sale and Purchase Agreement was negotiated and executed. Right at the outset,
the Information Memorandum stated expressly at para 3.0 that the intention of
the Liquidator was to sell Norwest together with Norwest China “ _subject to a
Sale and Purchase Agreement_ ” [emphasis added]. In the “Events and Timeline”
outlined at para 3.1 of the Information Memorandum, the Liquidator’s
acceptance was expressly “ _subject to agreement on terms and conditions_ ”
[emphasis added].

26 Apart from the Information Memorandum, the letters that Newport sent to the
Liquidator contained several variations of “subject to contract” clauses. The
Expression of Interest (following the template in Appendix A to the
Information Memorandum) that Taylor Collison sent to the Liquidator expressly
stated that:

In the event we should decide to make a firm offer for [Norwest Chemicals] and
this offer is in turn accepted by you, we agree to pay the balance of the
purchase price (less this deposit) _in accordance to [sic] the terms and
conditions set out in the Sale and Purchase Agreement_. [emphasis added]

The Second Firm Letter of Offer provided that Newport’s offer price of
S$10.25m was “ _subject to the terms and conditions in the Sale and Purchase
Agreement to be negotiated_ ” [emphasis added]. In that same letter, Newport
reiterated that in the event that its offer was accepted, it would pay the
balance of the purchase price less the deposit of S$55,000 that had been
submitted to Norwest, “in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in
the Sale and Purchase Agreement _to be negotiated_ ”.

27 In the Acceptance Letter, the Liquidator stated that “[a] formal Sale and
Purchase Agreement is to be _negotiated and executed_ between [Newport] and
[Norwest]” [emphasis added].

28 Given the various references in the communications between the parties to
the negotiation of a Sale and Purchase Agreement after acceptance, Norwest’s
argument that there was _nothing_ left to be negotiated seemed somewhat
disingenuous. Any objective reading of the documents would lead to the
inference that the parties had intended to negotiate the terms and conditions
of a Sale and Purchase Agreement under which Newport’s obligation to pay the
purchase price would be fulfilled. The force of that argument was diminished
further when we considered that the internal email correspondence between the
Liquidator and Hwa Hong evinced Norwest’s contemplation that the terms and
conditions of the Sale and Purchase Agreement still needed to be negotiated
before the agreement could be executed. In an email from Simon Ong, chief
financial officer of Hwa Hong, to the Liquidator dated 8 May 2008, at 3.43pm,
he expressed his concern that:

... the deal cannot be counted as completed until we receive the money. That
means that _they [ie, Newport] may still walk away from the deal if certain
conditions precedent (if any are to be introduced) are not met or waived_. ...

...

In this connection, as a first step, can you share with us your proposed draft
sales [_sic_] and purchase agreement? We will get our lawyers to help and
suggest amendments to tighten the agreement to improve our chances of
obtaining a successful completion of the transaction. _We must not allow too
many condition precedents [sic] to be introduced into the sales [sic] and
purchase agreement_ and also not allow any delay to the completion of the
transaction as stipulated in the timetable.

[emphasis added]

In response, the Liquidator replied in an email dated 8 May 2008 at 4.12pm,
saying that:

... in any deal of this nature and size, and as you have correctly pointed
out, there is always the possibility that things may fall apart and yes, until
the money is in the bank, there is no certainty that this is done.

...

... Given that the sale is on a “as is, where is” basis, _I think there
shouldn’t be too many conditions precedents_ [_sic_] _to go through_. ...

[emphasis added]

If there was indeed nothing left to be negotiated, neither the Liquidator nor
Simon Ong needed to have worried about the conditions precedent that Newport
might have sought to include in the eventual Sale and Purchase Agreement to be
executed between the parties. After receiving the First Firm Letter of Offer
on 2 May 2008 and prior to the occurrence of the Sichuan Earthquake and
sending their Acceptance Letter on 12 May 2008, Norwest’s view—while not
conclusive, but by no means irrelevant—appeared to be that there were terms to
be negotiated before the Sale and Purchase Agreement could be executed between
the parties.

29 Even if the essential terms of a contract have been agreed upon, and thus
needed no further negotiation regarding those terms, parties who enter into an
agreement which is expressly “subject to contract” may be taken to have
intended for legal relations to be deferred until the execution of a formal
contract, unless there is strong and exceptional evidence to the contrary. In
the Malaysian High Court decision of _Low Kar Yit & Ors v Mohamed Isa & Anor_
[1963] MLJ 165 (“ _Low Kar Yit_ ”), the defendants granted an option to the
plaintiffs to purchase a piece of land, providing in the option that if it was
exercised, it would be subject to both a formal contract agreed upon by both
parties, and the approval of the sale and contract by the High Court at Kuala
Lumpur. After the plaintiffs exercised the option, a contract reflecting the
terms agreed between the parties was prepared by the defendants’ solicitors
and sent to the plaintiffs’ solicitors, but one of the defendants subsequently
refused to execute the contract. In an action for specific performance or
alternatively damages for breach of contract, the High Court of Kuala Lumpur
held that the stipulation that the option was to be subject to a formal
contract to be agreed upon meant that there was no binding contract between
the parties until such a formal contract was entered into. At 173, Gill J held
that:

[E]ven where there is nothing in the agreement to suggest that the parties
contemplate that the subsequent contract shall contain any new or different
terms, nevertheless if it appears that the parties do not intend to bind
themselves contractually by the agreement but only by the subsequent conduct
is in words which according to their natural construction import a condition,
this will almost invariably be conclusive that the agreement itself was not
intended to be a contract. To my mind this was true of this case. _It will
bear repetition if I say that when the actual phrase “subject to contract” is
used, the courts tend to give effect to those words unless there is strong
evidence to the contrary. The result is that the agreement which is made
“subject to contract” is of no legal effect_. Perhaps I should add that the
plaintiffs in this case are asking the court to order the defendants to
execute the draft agreement agreed upon, which amounts in effect to asking the
court to enforce an agreement to enter into an agreement. That is an order
which the court clearly has no power to make in the circumstances of the case.
[emphasis added]

30 The Singapore High Court decision of _Thomson Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators
of Yaohan Department Store Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
483 concerned the grant of a new tenancy by the applicant Thomson Plaza to
Yaohan Department Store, “subject to all the terms and conditions as contained
in the specimen Lease Agreement”, which was not executed. G P Selvam J held
(at [29]) that there was no tenancy, following Gill J’s reasoning in _Low Kar
Yit_ , as the “subject to contract” provision made it clear that the execution
of a lease agreement was a condition precedent to the tenancy coming into
being. Selvam J further explained (at [28]) that:

Parties who contract on the basis of “subject to contract” do so because they
want an escape route in case they wish to call the transaction off. They do
not consider it a wrong way of business. It is a last-chance escape route in
case they find it impossible or undesirable to fulfil the contract.

31 We turn next to the question whether there was a “very strong and
exceptional context” which would override the _prima facie_ meaning of the
various “subject to contract” provisions contained in the correspondence
between the parties. Looking at all the circumstances in their proper context,
we were of the view that they did not constitute a strong and exceptional
context sufficient to override the plain meaning of the “subject to contract”
provisions for the following reasons.

32 First, third party funding was the subject-matter of agreements between
Newport and Newport’s funding partners such as Lawrence Asset Management Inc
(“the funding letters”), which agreements Norwest was not privy to. The
funding letters, dated 8 May 2008, must be read in the context of Newport’s
confirmation in the cover letters accompanying the First Firm Letter of Offer
and the Second Firm Letter of Offer that Newport had “sufficient funding to
complete the/this transaction”.[note: 10] The confirmation of sufficient
funding was certainly an attempt to bolster Newport’s chances of eliciting
Norwest’s acceptance of its offer. The fact that, pursuant to the terms of the
funding letters, Newport’s obligations to the third party funding partners
under the funding letters would be triggered by Norwest’s acceptance did not
imply that Newport had similarly intended to be bound to fulfil the separate
and distinct contract with Norwest upon Norwest’s acceptance of Newport’s
offer. We accepted Newport’s explanation that it had needed the funds to be in
so that it could be in a position to complete the transaction with Norwest
once the negotiations on the terms and conditions of the Sale and Purchase
Agreement were completed. Indeed, by their very terms the funding letters had
provided for an exit procedure should the transaction with Norwest not go
through, in spite of Norwest’s acceptance. Clause 8 of the funding letters
made it clear that if “for any reason” the Shares are not acquired by Newport,
the parties to the funding letters could recover their full contribution with
no drawdown on the amount previously committed. In any case, there was no
drawdown on any funding partner’s contribution since Newport had not completed
the transaction to acquire the Shares.

33 Second, Newport’s announcement of a trading halt of its shares simply
stated that “[Newport] intends to make an announcement regarding the
acquisition of an asset in China”. On its face, the announcement did not
suggest that there was already a concluded contract with Norwest. Indeed, in a
subsequent announcement on 21 May 2008, Newport explained that after the media
reports regarding the Sichuan Earthquake on 12 May 2008, subsequent news of
the damage and casualties of the Sichuan Earthquake was far worse than earlier
reported, and Newport had “requested the ASX [_ie_ , the Australian Securities
Exchange] to suspend securities of [Newport] to enable it to be better
informed of the situation in China with respect to the asset”.[note: 11]

34 Third, Newport’s payment of the remaining sum of S$47,500 of its deposit to
Norwest on 14 May 2008 was at the Liquidator’s request, in order to comply
with the terms in the Information Memorandum that were reiterated in the
Acceptance Letter, _viz_ , that all offers should be accompanied by a deposit
of 1% of the offer price. At the time the sum of S$47,500 was paid, _ie_ , 14
May 2008, Newport had not received definite confirmation from the Liquidator
or other executives in Norwest as to the extent of the damage to the Chinese
Business caused by the Sichuan Earthquake. In order that its offer would not
be rejected in the event that the Mines and the Production Facilities turned
out to have emerged unscathed by the Sichuan Earthquake, Newport decided to
pay the balance of its 1% deposit so as to comply with the express terms of
the Information Memorandum. This was on the understanding that the 1% deposit
was refundable if the negotiations did not result in the execution of the Sale
and Purchase Agreement. Thus, the payment of the 1% deposit indicated
Newport’s willingness to negotiate the terms and conditions of the Sale and
Purchase Agreement. It did not indicate Newport’s intention to create legal
relations upon Norwest’s acceptance of its Second Firm Letter of Offer.

35 For all these reasons, we were of the view that the plain meaning of the
“subject to contract” provisions in the Information Memorandum, the First Firm
Letter of Offer, the Second Firm Letter of Offer and the Acceptance Letter
should be applied in this case. The facts that Norwest relied on for its claim
that the plain meaning should be displaced did not constitute a very strong
and exceptional context in which to do so. In the circumstances, therefore,
there was no binding contract entered into between the parties.

36 However, we noted that the Judge considered and rejected the implied term
approach adopted by the English Court of Appeal of _Financings Ltd v Stimson_
[1962] 1 WLR 1184 (“ _Financings_ ”) and by the New Zealand Supreme Court
decision of _Dysart Timbers Limited v Roderick William Nielsen_ [2009] 3 NZLR
160 (“ _Dysart Timbers_ ”). According to the Judge (at [63]), “ _Financings_
was based on the implication of a condition into the offer that the subject
matter of the offer must remain in substantially the same condition it was in
at the time of the offer, failing which the offer lapses”. _Dysart Timbers_
appeared to qualify the approach in _Financings_ by requiring that the change
in circumstances must be fundamental in order to justify the court holding
that an offer had lapsed where a change of circumstances had arisen between
the time an offer was made and the time it was purportedly accepted. However,
differing views were expressed as to the precise juridical basis that ought to
be adopted.

37 The Judge was doubtful that the implied term approach in _Financings_
provides a satisfactory juristic basis on which to approach the formation
problems. Basically, she was of the view (having regard, presumably, to the
facts of the present appeal) that an implied term is an artificial solution to
unanticipated changes of circumstances, and the formulation of the precise
term to be implied is also likely to be fraught with artificiality and indeed
arbitrariness, and therefore the usual objective approach to offer and
acceptance, or the doctrine of common mistake, is more than adequate to
provide a principled approach to changes in circumstances occurring after an
offer was made and before the offer is purported to be accepted.

38 These conceptual problems may well be pertinent in considering whether the
court should apply the _Financings_ approach to the facts of a particular
case. But it is not necessary to express our views on this matter as we have
found that there was no binding contract between the parties on the ground
that the offer was subject to contract.

Conclusion

39 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed Norwest’s appeal in CA 151/2009
and allowed Newport’s appeal in CA 153/2009, and awarded costs for both
appeals to Newport. The usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]CA 151/2009, Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol 2B, p 412.

[note: 2]CA 151/2009, ACB vol 2A, pp 64ff.

[note: 3]CA 151/2009, ACB vol 2A, p 66.

[note: 4]CA 151/2009, ACB vol 2A, p 79.

[note: 5]CA 151/2009, ACB vol 2A, p 81.

[note: 6]CA 151/2009, Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle (“RSCB”), pp
54–56.

[note: 7]Joint Record of Appeal, vol 5B, pp 4023–4025.

[note: 8]CA 151/2009, RSCB, p 61.

[note: 9]CA 151/2009, RSCB, p 62.

[note: 10]CA 151/2009, ACB vol 2B, pp 415 and 417.

[note: 11]CA 151/2009, RSCB, p 60.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

