Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Whang Tar Liang _v_ Standard Chartered Bank  
[2011] SGHC 154

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 228 of 2011/H)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Sze Yao AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Josephine Chong (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Hri
Kumar SC and James Low (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Whang Tar Liang — Standard Chartered Bank  
  
17 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Sze Yao AR:

Introduction

1 This was an application for pre-action discovery pursuant to Order 24 Rule
6(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) by
the plaintiff, a private banking customer, against the defendant bank. The
items sought for discovery were “[a]ll tape recordings of telephone
conversations between the [p]laintiff and any officer(s)/representative(s) of
the [d]efendant” pertaining to certain transactions and trades in equity-
linked notes (“Transactions”) allegedly entered into by the defendant on
behalf of the plaintiff.

Facts

2 The facts are simple. Between June 2010 and December 2010, the Transactions
were allegedly entered into by the defendant on the plaintiff’s behalf.
Subsequently, the plaintiff asserted that the Transactions were never
authorised by him. The defendant responded to this assertion by saying that
apart from documentary records that confirmed the plaintiff’s cognizance and
approval of the Transactions, they also had in their possession tape
recordings (“Tape Recordings”) of telephone conversations between the
defendant’s employees and the plaintiff where the plaintiff could be heard to
be authorizing or agreeing to the Transactions.

3 In the event, the plaintiff was granted an opportunity by the defendant to
listen to one of the Tape Recordings, specifically a conversation he had had
with his relationship manager, one Mavis Koh (“the Mavis recording”) on 8
November 2010. According to the defendant, the Mavis recording contained the
plaintiff’s confirmation and acknowledgment of one of the Transactions.
However, the plaintiff eventually refused to sign the requisite request form
to listen to the Mavis recording, asserting that “[w]hat I had requested to
listen to … had been the earlier pre-trade telephone conversation with Dennis
Ng, not the 8 November telephone conversation with Mavis Koh”.

4 Subsequently, by a lawyer’s letter dated 23 March 2011, the plaintiff
informed the defendant that he had commenced the present application for pre-
action discovery of the Tape Recordings.

Law

5 Pre-action discovery exists for the plaintiff who is unable to plead a case
as he does not know whether he has a viable claim and requires the discovery
to ascertain the gaps in his case. Where the plaintiff has evidence sufficient
to commence a claim, he is generally not entitled to discovery _before_
action: see generally _Kuah Kok Kim and others v Ernst & Young_ [1996] 3
SLR(R) 485 (“ _Kuah Kok Kim_ ”), _Bayerische Hypo- und Vereinsbank AG v Asia
Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and other applications_ [2004] 4 SLR(R)
39 (“ _Asia Pacific Breweries_ ”) and _Lian Teck Construction Pte Ltd v Woh
Hup (Pte) Ltd and others_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 266 (“ _Lian Teck_ ”).

6 The relevant provisions relating to pre-action discovery are found under
Order 24 Rule 6 of the Rules of Court:

6\. Discovery against other person (O. 24, r. 6)

(1) An application for an order for the discovery of documents before the
commencement of proceedings shall be made by originating summons and the
person against whom the order is sought shall be made defendant to the
originating summons.

…

(3) An originating summons under paragraph (1) or a summons under paragraph
(2) shall be supported by an affidavit which must —

(a) in the case of an originating summons under paragraph (1), state the
grounds for the application, the material facts pertaining to the intended
proceedings and whether the person against whom the order is sought is likely
to be party to subsequent proceedings in Court;

(b) in any case, specify or describe the documents in respect of which the
order is sought and show, if practicable by reference to any pleading served
or intended to be served in the proceedings, that the documents are relevant
to an issue arising or likely to arise out of the claim made or likely to be
made in the proceedings or the identity of the likely parties to the
proceedings, or both, and that the person against whom the order is sought is
likely to have or have had them in his possession, custody or power.

…

(9) Unless the Court orders otherwise, where an application is made in
accordance with this Rule for an order, the person against whom the order is
sought shall be entitled to his costs of the application, and of complying
with any order made thereon on an indemnity basis.

7 In _Kuah Kok Kim_ , Lai Kew Chai J described the nature of pre-action
discovery under Order 24 Rule 6 as follows (at [31] and [56]):

31 It can be seen from the tenor of the cases that where pre-action discovery
is sought, the plaintiff has a duty to set out the substance of his claim to
enable a potential defendant to know what the essence of the complaint against
him is. **_This is because in the nature of pre-action discovery, the
plaintiff does not yet know whether he has a viable claim against the
defendant, and the rule is there to assist him in his search for the
answer_**. Thus the safeguards specified in the rules are to ensure that the
plaintiff is not allowed to take advantage of the rules merely to enable him
to go on a fishing expedition.

…

56 In deciding whether to order discovery of [the relevant] documents, we were
… concerned with … the _purpose of the discovery_ , namely, **_that the
appellants wanted to find out if they had a good cause of action in tort or
contract against the respondents_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

8 Subsequently in _Asia Pacific Breweries_ , Belinda Ang J acknowledged and
expounded on the authority of _Kuah Kok Kim_ at [4]-[5]:

4 The requirements of O 24 r 6(3) as guided by the decision of Kuah Kok Kim
are that the application for pre-discovery be supported by an affidavit
setting out the grounds for the application, the material facts pertaining to
the intended action and whether the person against whom the order is sought is
likely to be a party to subsequent proceedings. The tests of “possession,
custody or power” and “relevance” remain applicable for the purposes of pre-
action discovery. _The criterion of the rule is intended to ensure that the
application for pre-action discovery is not brought frivolously or without
justification. Lai Kew Chai J, in delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal in Kuah Kok Kim_ , … said that the court’s duty is to ensure that the
application is not frivolous or speculative and that the applicant is not on a
fishing expedition. That duty was adopted and applied by Choo Han Teck JC (as
he then was) in _Ng Giok Oh v Sajjad Akhtar_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 375.

5 _Once the court is satisfied_ , based on an assessment of the formal
evidence before the court, that the criteria of the rule are met, _the next
consideration_ is whether discovery is necessary either for disposing fairly
of the cause or matter or for saving costs. …

[emphasis added]

9 But what, exactly, is a “viable” or “good” cause of action, as alluded to in
_Kuah Kok Kim_? A “cause of action” is a legal term of art; one makes out a
cause of action simply by fulfilling and articulating certain legal criteria
based upon a set of facts. Would therefore a “viable” or “good” cause of
action refer to a cause of action that possesses a healthy likelihood of
success? Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that the affixation of these
adjectives, prevalent in the case law, indicated that the inquiry was one that
necessarily segued into the merits. This interpretation appeared to be a
reasonable one, given the specific insertion of “good” and “viable” over and
above the basic phrase “cause of action”.

10 To properly address the issue, I found it instructive to refer to Jeffrey
Pinsler SC, _Supreme Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at p 632:

The High Court [in _Asia Pacific_ Breweries] ruled that pre-action discovery
should only be permitted if the potential plaintiff is unable to initiate a
case without the desired information. … _As the banks had indicated the causes
of action that lay against the defendant, pre-action discovery was
inappropriate. …_

_Ng Giok Oh_ and [_Asia Pacific Breweries_] stand for the proposition that if
the claimant has sufficient evidence to mount a claim, he is not entitled to
discovery before proceedings in order to complete his ‘entire picture’ of the
case. He does not have the right to all the evidence before he sues simply
because this is not necessary. _If it were otherwise, the ordinary processes
of general and particular discovery pursuant to O 24 r 1 and r 5 respectively
would be rendered otiose. Therefore, he is not allowed to ‘snoop’_.

[emphasis added]

From the extract above it is clear that pre-action discovery is for the
plaintiff to come to a _determination of its cause(s) of action_. It is not an
opportunity for the plaintiff to come to an early assessment of _the merits or
strengths of its case_. The plaintiff banks in _Asia Pacific Breweries_ had
sufficient information and evidence to begin their lawsuit against the
defendant; indeed, no mention was made in Belinda Ang J’s decision about the
strength or weakness of the banks’ case. Additionally, given that no plaintiff
is “entitled to discovery before proceedings in order to complete his ‘entire
picture’ of the case”, any talk about merits at that juncture would be both
moot and misguided; a half-formed impression of any case would be an
unfaithful mirror to that case’s true nature on the merits. The question posed
at [9] above, therefore, has to be answered in the negative – a “viable” or
“good” cause of action means no more than a cause of action that is made out
in law. The two adjectives do not express a degree, but rather indicate a
binary inquiry.

11 Support for this view may also be found in Kan Ting Chiu J’s recent
decision in _EC-Asia International Ltd (in liquidation) v
PricewaterhouseCoopers_ [2011] 2 SLR 607 (“ _EC-Asia_ ”), a case in fact cited
to me by counsel for the plaintiff. In this case, the plaintiff had applied
for pre-action discovery for the audit and working papers of the defendant
auditor, with the plaintiff’s liquidator taking the view that the defendant’s
audit procedures needed to be scrutinised carefully. In reversing the
assistant registrar’s decision disallowing pre-action discovery, Kan J stated
at [24]-[25]:

… The [l]iquidator had deposed in the affidavit in support of the application
that “the [d]efendants’ audit procedures need to be scrutinized carefully”
and, “although I have not come to a firm conclusion on this, the [d]efendants
are likely to be a party to future proceedings”. _On a fair and careful
reading of the [l]iquidator’s affidavit, it was clear that the plaintiff was
not ready or able to plead a cause of action without reviewing the requested
papers … The [l]iquidator had explained in his affidavit that he needed the
audit papers and working papers to come to an informed decision whether the
plaintiff had a viable cause of action_. Unless he was dishonest or wrong in
his affidavit, his professional conclusion should be accorded due weight, and
there was nothing to suggest that he was being disingenuous or was mistaken.

[emphasis added]

In granting pre-action discovery in _EC-Asia_ , Kan J was concerned only with
the binary question of whether said discovery, if granted, would assist the
plaintiff in making out its cause of action. Indeed, in the extract above he
uses the phrase “cause of action” without prefixing it with “viable” or
“good”: a clear indication of the either-or nature of the test for pre-action
discovery.

12 Kan J therefore was interested only in the _necessity_ of such a grant: see
Order 24 Rule 7 of the Rules of Court (“the Court may, if satisfied that
discovery is not necessary, or not necessary at that stage of the cause or
matter, dismiss or … adjourn the application”). He was not interested, and it
is readily apparent from the italicized portions above, in whether the case
against the defendant auditor was a strong or weak one.

13 Counsel for the plaintiff nonetheless further cited to me the following
passage from _Atkin’s Court Forms – Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2010) in support
of her proposition that in deciding whether or not to grant pre-action
discovery, a court should look to see if such discovery would strengthen the
plaintiff’s case (as opposed to merely furnishing a cause of action) (at para
XVII [803]):

[803]

It has been suggested that one of the objects of pre-action discovery is to
enable the plaintiff to find out, before he starts proceedings, whether he has
a good cause of action against the defendant. This object would be defeated if
he has to show in advance that he has already got a good cause of action
before he saw the documents. _Hence, it has been held that it is immaterial
that the likelihood of the claim being made against the defendant is dependent
on the outcome of the discovery_. The court is not precluded from making an
order if the only basis for saying that a claim was not likely was the absence
of the documents of which discovery was sought.

[emphasis added]

14 This passage, to my mind, is a puzzling one. There is a sizeable – and
unexplained – logical leap between the italicized sentence and the sentences
that precede it. If the “likelihood of the claim being made” (interpreting the
phrase broadly to mean either “likelihood of the cause of action being
determined” or “likelihood of success of the cause of action”) is _not_
dependent on the outcome of the pre-action discovery, why should any court
grant pre-action discovery in the first place? What would be the point of pre-
action discovery, regardless of whichever test for pre-action discovery
employed, if its prospective result is discounted even before its grant?
Indeed, the remainder of the passage appears to indicate otherwise: (to
paraphrase) the court may grant pre-action discovery if the only reason for
saying that a claim is not likely is the absence of the selfsame undiscovered
documents.

15 Accordingly I am of the opinion that, at best, the passage is of neutral
value; it does not prefer either definition of “good” or “viable”, as set out
at [9]-[10] above. It merely employs the prefix “good” without defining it
further. At worst, the passage is internally inconsistent and somewhat
incomprehensible. In either case, the passage can be of no assistance to the
position adopted by counsel for the plaintiff.

Application

16 From the foregoing, we can see that pre-action discovery occupies a very
thin space in the civil procedure real estate. It cannot be held to the same
standards or be used for the same purposes as regular discovery, as that would
render the latter procedure redundant. It _must_ be circumscribed by the one
singular feature of its existence, _viz_ , its invocation _prior_ to an action
being brought. Accordingly, as has already been stressed before, pre-action
discovery should only be granted where a plaintiff is unable to plead its case
legally due to certain voids or gaps in his or her knowledge.

17 That scenario is patently not the scenario here. The plaintiff here knows
his case: he did not authorise the defendant bank to carry out the
Transactions, whether over the telephone or otherwise. He therefore has a
cause of action against the defendant for entering into the same purportedly
on his behalf. Indeed, the plaintiff said as much in his initial affidavit in
support of this application, at para 16:

My causes of action against the [d]efendant in subsequent proceedings would be
for breach of contract or mandate, negligence, breach of fiduciary duty and/or
fraud, which has caused me loss and damage.

18 Counsel for the plaintiff submitted the English case of _Shaw v Vauxhall
Motors Ltd_ [1974] 1 WLR 1035 (“ _Shaw_ ”) in an attempt to draw an analogy
between the circumstances in that case with those here. In _Shaw_ , the
plaintiff was injured driving a fork lift truck at the defendant’s factory. He
subsequently sought pre-action discovery of the fork lift truck’s maintenance
records, suspecting that the fork lift truck was defective. Lord Denning MR,
in granting the application for pre-action discovery, stated at pp 1039-1040:

One of the objects of the section is to enable the plaintiff to find out
before he starts proceedings whether he has a good cause of action or not.
That object would be defeated if he had to show in advance that he already had
a good cause of action before he saw the documents. The reasoning applies to
the present case. _If the reports did show a want of proper maintenance or
repair of this truck, an action would no doubt be brought. Whereas if they
show that there was proper maintenance and repair, an action would not be
brought_.

…

Counsel for the [plaintiff] has told us that [he] has only one cause of
complaint, namely, that this machine was defective; and furthermore, that if
the reports show that the machine was in good condition and that it was
properly maintained, the legal advisers would not feel able to recommend to
the legal aid fund a continuance of the proceedings. The claim would no longer
be proceeded with. That would be a great saving in costs. … I would allow the
appeal accordingly.

[emphasis added]

It was argued by plaintiff’s counsel that _Shaw_ was directly analogous to the
facts at hand. In both cases, the discovery of one category of items would
resolve all dispute; in both cases, pre-action discovery would lead to great
savings in costs; in both cases, the binary inquiry (see italicized portion
above) countenanced would justify the court’s employment of its discretion to
allow pre-action discovery.

19 To my mind, however, the present facts are readily distinguishable from
those in _Shaw_. To begin with, the plaintiff here _is in possession of the
information that he seeks from the defendant bank_. The Transactions involved
significant sums of money. They were hardly likely to be entered into
carelessly or forgetfully by the plaintiff. Indeed, in his initial affidavit
the plaintiff was very certain that he “did not give any instructions over the
telephone or via any means verbally for the [Transactions] to be entered into
on [his] behalf”. Why should the presence or absence of the Tape Recordings
make any difference to this position? Unlike in _Shaw_ , where the plaintiff
genuinely had no idea about the maintenance records of the fork lift truck,
the plaintiff here _must have known_ if he had authorised the Transactions. It
beggars belief that the plaintiff would contemplate filing a suit when he was
not even aware of what it was that he had or had not done. Indeed, his
affidavits were all filed based on his memory, a memory that was good enough
for him to specify causes of action (see [17] above). Taken at face value, the
plaintiff appears to be delegating the decision of suing to the defendant;
and, upon scrutiny, fishing around for evidence to bolster causes of action
already known.

20 Second, regardless of whether the Tape Recordings are produced or even
exist, _the plaintiff already has his cause of action_ (see above at [17]
again). The point about a “good” cause of action, terminology employed in
_Shaw_ as well, has already been discussed above at [8]-[12]. Suffice it to
say that unlike here, the plaintiff in _Shaw_ could not have known his cause
of action without the maintenance records of the fork lift truck.

21 Third, the issue of costs savings is _logically subsequent_ to the issue of
whether or not a cause of action may be made out without pre-action discovery.
_Shaw_ was a legal aid fund case, so costs were a primary concern; but
nonetheless it was not a case that disregarded principle in favour of
“practicalities” (to employ a phrase utilised by the plaintiff’s counsel). It
was first determined in _Shaw_ that pre-action discovery was required in order
that the plaintiff could properly frame a cause of action (at p 1039); only
thereafter did considerations about costs arise (at p 1040). This mirrors the
approach taken in the extract from _Asia Pacific Breweries_ at [8] above,
where Belinda Ang J, in outlining the theoretical approach to pre-action
discovery, first considered issues of relevance, justifiability and necessity
_before_ segueing into any assessment of cost savings (“Once the court is
satisfied … that the criteria of the rule are met, the next consideration is
whether discovery is necessary … for saving costs”).

22 Counsel for the plaintiff separately submitted that the plaintiff did not
know whether to believe that the defendant actually possessed the Tape
Recordings in question, and that since a simple disclosure by the defendant
would allow the dispute to be cleanly resolved in one fell swoop, pre-action
discovery ought to be ordered. (The lack of belief was necessarily so, for if
he had believed the defendant this application would never have been brought.)
To my mind this argument was clearly flawed. In _Lian Teck_ , Lai Siu Chiu J
stated the following concerning belief as a justification at [32] of her
decision:

32 … The basis put forward by the plaintiffs for seeking pre-action discovery
was their disbelief that A[sia] P[acific] B[reweries] had no knowledge of the
unauthorised accounts and the unauthorised loans taken by Chia. However,
disbelief of APB’s position itself could not be a sufficient reason for
seeking pre-action discovery.

In _Asia Pacific Breweries_ , Belinda Ang J was of a similar view (at
[25]-[26]):

25 It seems to me that the banks are not constrained from starting proceedings
without pre-action discovery. From their contentions, it is obvious that the
banks have taken a view as to whether they have a case that [Asia Pacific
Breweries] is responsible for the loans and whether to plead a case. It has
not been said anywhere in the affidavits or in submissions by counsel that
without pre-action discovery the banks are unable to plead a case. This is
unlike the case of an applicant who is unable to plead a case as he does not
yet know whether he has a viable claim against the opponents, and needs pre-
action discovery to fill the void or gaps in his knowledge. That is the nature
(and I should add, function) of pre-action discovery, and the rule is there to
assist him to search for the answer …

26 It is plain that the banks simply do not believe anything that [Asia
Pacific Breweries] has said. _In my judgment, a disbelief of [Asia Pacific
Breweries’] position itself cannot be a sufficient reason for seeking pre-
action discovery. Otherwise, it will result in pre-action disclosure being
applied for as a matter of course. That is not what the procedure is intended
for. Invariably, cases that make their way to court are founded on a mutual
disbelief of each other’s perception of things, and a face-off situation is
common in any dispute before the commencement of proceedings_. I have already
pointed out in [4] that the criterion of O 24 r 6(3) is intended to ensure
that the application for pre-action discovery is not brought frivolously or
without justification.

[emphasis added]

23 The positions taken in _Lian Teck_ and _Asia Pacific Breweries_ must be
correct. Mutual disbelief is what engenders lawsuits; pre-action discovery
cannot be manipulated into becoming a matter-of-course application in the name
of “practicalities”. Although there appears to be something to be said for the
convenience that would be precipitated in the present case via the disclosure
of the Tape Recordings, this instinct towards gratification has to be balanced
against a wider policy interest in preventing the widespread abuse of O 24 r
6.

24 Finally, I also found the plaintiff’s reason for not wanting to listen to
the Mavis recording to be disingenuous, and indicative of his lack of _bona
fides_. He had expressed a desire to listen to conversations wherein his
acknowledgment of the Transactions was recorded, and indeed this application
is for pre-action discovery of the same. The Mavis recording was an example of
one such conversation. On what basis, then, did the plaintiff turn down the
defendant’s offer for him to listen to the Mavis recording? It surely would
have made no difference _which_ recording he listened to, had he been sincere
in wanting to hear any proof of his sanctioning the Transactions.

Conclusion

25 In the light of all of the above, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application.
Costs were fixed at $8,000 on an indemnity basis (exclusive of reasonable
disbursements) pursuant to Order 24 Rule 6(9) of the Rules of Court (see above
at [6]).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

