Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hau Tau Khang _v_ Sanur Indonesian Restaurant Pte Ltd and another (Hau Tau
Thong, non-party) and another matter  
[2011] SGHC 97

Case Number| :| Registrar's Appeal Nos 491 and 492 of 2010 (Originating
Summons No 879 and 1197 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tony Yeo and Esther Foo (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
appellant; Adrian Wong and Nelson Goh (Rajah & Tann LLP) as counsel, Jasmine
Foo (Andrew Chua & Co) as instructing solicitors for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Hau Tau Khang — Sanur Indonesian Restaurant Pte Ltd and another
(Hau Tau Thong, non-party)  
  
25 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 These are two appeals against the decisions of the Assistant Registrar
(“AR”) in Originating Summons No 1197 of 2010 (“OS 1197”) and SUM 5515 of 2010
(“SUM 5515”), where Hau Tau Thong (“the appellant”) applied, as director, to
enforce the right to inspect the company’s accounts pursuant to s 199(3) of
the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) (the “right to inspect”) and
for specific discovery of the company’s accounts under O 24 r 5 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”) respectively. The
applications, initiated as alternatives to each other, were both dismissed by
the AR.

2 Central to both appeals are the issues whether there are any restrictions on
the right to inspect and if so, what these are. The appellant readily accepted
that he was exercising the right to inspect so as to defend against an
intended derivative action instituted by another director, Hau Tau Khang (“the
respondent”), for alleged breaches of fiduciary duties arising from the
company’s accounts. In the respondent’s view, this was an exercise of the
right to inspect for an improper purpose, an exception following, _inter alia_
, the decision of _Oxford Legal Group Ltd v Sibbasbridge Services plc and
anor_ [2008] EWCA Civ 387 (“ _Oxford Legal_ ”). He contended that the purpose
of the right to inspect was for discharge of _present or prospective_
director’s duties pertaining to the company accounts or at least director’s
duties in general. In view of this, it would also be improper to use the right
to justify the past conduct/performance of director’s duties. Lastly, he
claimed the appellant was attempting to use the right to inspect to subvert
the discovery process.

Factual background

3 The appellant and the respondent are co-directors with equal shareholdings
in the companies, Sanur Indonesian Restaurant Pte Ltd (“SIRPL”) and Sanur
Holding Pte Ltd (“SHPL”) (collectively referred to as “the Companies”). The
Companies were engaged in the business of running a chain of restaurants
serving Indonesian cuisine under the trade name of “ _Sanur_ ”. At all
material times, the appellant, as the elder brother, was the managing director
overseeing the business operations of the Companies though both the appellant
and the respondent were co-signatories of all the Companies’ bank accounts.

4 Sometime in 2003, the relationship between the brothers began to
deteriorate. In 2006, they entered into an agreement to keep the restaurants
in operation with a view to selling the business and the properties of the
Companies and eventually of an orderly winding up of the Companies (“the 2006
Agreement”). Both sides later accused the other of unreasonable behaviour in
managing the winding down process. Specifically, the respondent claimed the
appellant deliberately allowed the offer for renewal of the lease for their
flagship restaurant at Ngee Ann City to lapse. The respondent also discovered
some irregularities in SIRPL’s accounts but when he sought an explanation from
the appellant, the latter was allegedly evasive. By 2009, all the _Sanur_
restaurants had ceased operations, though both brothers remained as directors
of the Companies. In October 2009, the appellant and his wife started another
Indonesian restaurant, _Pepes_ , at the same location at Ngee Ann City.

5 The respondent claimed that while investigating into the affairs of the
Companies, he was stonewalled by Ms Cecilia Tan, the Office Manager. The
respondent then terminated the services of Ms Tan in September 2009 and took
possession of the keys to the Companies’ documentation cabinets. There is some
dispute over the manner and circumstances under which he came to acquire
possession of the keys. However, that is not strictly relevant for the
purposes of the appeals. Having had access to the Companies’ accounts, the
respondent apparently discovered that the cash deposits did not match the
daily cash sales of the restaurants. Unknown to the appellant, the respondent
then engaged the services of Stone Forest Corporate Advisory Pte Ltd (“Stone
Forest”) to conduct a forensic examination of the accounts of the Companies so
as to investigate the alleged cash discrepancies. Thereafter, a report was
issued by Stone Forest (“Stone Forest Report”) in which it was reported that
“based on the monthly sales summary for all 3 restaurants, the total amount of
cash sales not deposited into Sanur’s bank accounts amounted to S$153,525.45”.

6 In August 2010, the respondent applied for leave of court to commence a
derivative action on behalf of the Companies against the appellant for alleged
breaches of fiduciary duties pursuant to Originating Summons No 879 of 2010
(“OS 879”). The breaches alleged against the appellant included financial
irregularities in SIRPL’s accounts based on the Stone Forest Report.

7 In response to OS 879, the appellant instituted a separate application in OS
1197 pursuant to s 199(3) of the CA to exercise his right as a director to
inspect SIRPL’s accounts. In the alternative, the appellant made a second
application vide SUM 5515 in OS 879, for specific discovery of the Companies’
accounts.

The decision of the Assistant Registrar

8 Before the learned AR, the appellant accepted that his motivation behind
both applications was to gain access to the Companies’ accounts in order to
prove his defence in OS 879 and exonerate himself from the allegation of
financial irregularities and/or breaches of fiduciary duties.

9 The AR agreed with the respondent’s submission that the right to inspect
under s 199(3) was restricted to enabling a director to carry out his duties.
As she found that the application was intended to seek “ammunition” to defend
the appellant against the potential derivative action, she dismissed the
application. As for SUM 5515, the AR found that the application was premature
given that leave had not been granted for the commencement of OS 879.

The appeals

10 The appellant appealed against both decisions. Before me, parties agreed
that if the appellant succeeded in his appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 492 of
2010 (“RA 492”) against the AR’s decision to dismiss the application under s
199(3) of the CA, there was no need to deal with Registrar’s Appeal No 491 of
2010 (“RA 491”) as it involved the same set of documents.

11 The appeals concern the following documents (collectively referred to as
“the Companies’ accounts”):

(a) The accounting and other records of the Companies that sufficiently
explained the transactions and financial position of the Companies.

(b) Transaction records of SIRPL’s DBS cheque book for the period 1 July 2006
till end November 2007.

(c) Daily cash deposit slips for SIRPL’s outlet at Causeway Point for the
period 1 July 2006 to March 2009 and for the period 1 July 2006 to September
2009 for the Centrepoint outlet.

12 Before embarking on an examination of the substantive merits of the
appeals, I believe it is helpful to begin my analysis by considering the
relevant principles applicable to the right of inspection under s 199(3) of
the CA. It should be noted that the exercise of the right of inspection,
unlike an application for specific discovery under O 24 r 5, does not require
the director to establish either relevance or necessity. Therein lies the
critical difference in these two “ _discovery_ ” regimes.

The origin and nature of the right to inspect

13 An appropriate starting point will be to consider the precise terms of s
199 of the CA which states, _inter alia_ , as follows:

**Accounting records and systems of control**

(1) Every company and the directors and managers thereof shall cause to be
kept such accounting and other records as will sufficiently explain the
transactions and financial position of the company and enable true and fair
profit and loss accounts and balance-sheets and any documents required to be
attached thereto to be prepared from time to time, and shall cause those
records to be kept in such manner as to enable them to be conveniently and
properly audited.

...

(3) The records referred to in subsection (1) shall be kept at the registered
office of the company or at such other place as the directors think fit and
**_shall at all times be open to inspection by the directors_**.

(4) If accounting and other records are kept by the company at a place outside
Singapore there shall be sent to and kept at a place in Singapore and be at
all times open to inspection by the directors such statements and returns with
respect to the business dealt with in the records so kept as will enable to be
prepared true and fair profit and loss accounts and balance-sheets and any
documents required to be attached thereto.

(5) The Court may in any particular case order that the accounting and other
records of a company be open to inspection by a public accountant acting for a
director, but only upon an undertaking in writing given to the Court that
information acquired by the public accountant during his inspection shall not
be disclosed by him except to that director. (6) If default is made in
complying with this section, the company and every officer of the company who
is in default shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction
to a fine not exceeding $2,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3
months and also to a default penalty.

[emphasis added]

14 From the wording, it is immediately apparent that s 199(3) of the CA is
couched in mandatory terms. This was observed by the Court of Appeal in _Wuu
Khek Chiang George v ECRC Land Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 352 (“ _George Wuu_ ”)
at [25]. Less obvious is the origin of this right. Over the years, many judges
have disagreed on this including, Slade J in _Conway v Petronius Clothing Co
Ltd_ [1978] 1 All ER 185 (“ _Conway_ ”) who was a proponent of the view that
the right was conferred at common law (see 201), and Mahon J in the New
Zealand decision of _Berlei Hestia (NZ) Ltd v Fernyhough_ [1980] 2 NZLR 150 (“
_Berlei_ ”) who declared the right was a creature of statute (see 163).
However, in _George Wuu_ , the Court of Appeal observed that it was immaterial
whether the right owed its origin to common law or statute when it approved
Kan JC’s holding (as he then was) in _Welch and anor v Britannia Industries
Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 64 (“ _Welch_ ”) at [32]:

There is nothing in s 199 or elsewhere in the [Companies] Act that suggests
that the common law rule reflected in _Edman v Ross_...is modified. The
provision should therefore be read in conformity with _Edman v Ross_...

It appears to me that implicit in the Court of Appeal’s decision is the
acceptance that the right was _initially_ conferred at common law and
_thereafter_ remained unmodified by legislation. It is at least clear that the
Court of Appeal treated the rights under common law as co-extensive with the
CA.

15 Next, the right to inspect has been described in various terms such as “an
absolute right” in _Welch_ at [29], _George Wuu_ at [33] and “unqualified” in
_Berlei_ at 163. Whatever the nomenclature used to describe this right, the
following principles appear from the decided cases:

(a) The right to inspect the company’s accounts flows from the office of the
director. Accordingly, that right cannot be exercised once he or she ceases to
be a director: _Conway_ at 201, _State of South Australia & Anor v Barrett &
Ors_ (1995) 64 SASR 73 (“ _Barrett_ ”) at 76. The rationale is that an ex-
director “has no proprietary, managerial or other similar interest in the
accounting and other records of a company” (see _Haw Par Bros (Pte) Ltd v Dato
Aw Kow_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 813 at [12]).

(b) There is strictly no necessity for the director to furnish reasons or
justify himself before he can exercise his right to inspect. This is clear
from the facts of _George Wuu_. At the time the application for enforcement of
the right to inspect was made, there were various disputes between the
applicant director, the respondent company and its joint venture partner over
the leasehold interest in two plots of land leased from the Land Office and
certain payments which were made in relation to the assignment of the lease.
There was initially some ambiguity as to the capacity in which the request for
inspection was made. The right was denied and the director applied to court to
enforce his right of inspection. At first instance, the court dismissed the
director’s application principally because he had written to the Commissioner
of Land advising revocation of consent to the assignment of the lease in view
that the respondent company had committed several serious breaches of the
lease agreement and the joint venture had reached a stalemate (“the Letter”).
On the strength of the Letter, the court held that the respondent company was
justified in harbouring doubts about the _bona fides_ of the application. The
Court of Appeal, however, disagreed. In their view, the judge below had erred
by placing too much emphasis on the Letter as evidence of _mala fides_.
Instead, on the premise that the director had an absolute right to inspect the
accounts, it allowed the appeal.

The significance of this decision lies in the fact that the applicant director
did not have to state his reasons for the request to inspect. This ties in
neatly with the decisions in _Edman v Ross_ [1922] 2 SR (NSW) 351 (“ _Edman_
”) at 361 and _Welch_ at [29], where it was observed that a director is not
required to furnish any reason to inspect the company’s accounts in the first
place. This principle was applied recently by Pillai JC (as he then was) in
_Ng Joo Soon (alias Nga Ju Soon) v Dovechem Holdings Pte Ltd and another suit_
[2011] 1 SLR 1155 at [37].

(c) In the absence of proof to the contrary, the court would assume that the
right would be exercised for the benefit of the company: _Edman_ at 361 and
_Welch_ at [29].

(d) In exercising the right of inspection, the director can engage external
assistance, for instance in the form of an accountant: _Edman_ at 361–362.

(e) The right to inspect will be lost where it is exercised for some ulterior
purpose _or_ to injure the company. This was expressed in clear terms by the
Court of Appeal in _George Wuu_ at [33]:

33 The right of a director to inspect the books and records of the company
flows from his office as a director and enables him to perform his duties as a
director, including the duty to ensure that the company complies with the
requirements as to accounts set out in the Companies Act: see s 204(1) of the
Act. Such right is an important one, as the books and records of a company are
a primary, and sometimes the only, source of information as to the state of
affairs of a company. It follows that unless a director has access to these
sources of information, he would be severely inhibited in the proper
performance of his duties. So long, therefore, as such right is exercised for
that purpose and not with a view to causing any detriment to the company, the
right to inspect is "absolute". In this sense and to that extent, the right
may be termed "absolute". **_The corollary of this is that the right will be
lost where it is exercised not to advance the interests of the company but for
some ulterior purpose or to injure the company_** _: Edman v Ross_ ([28]
_supra_) at 361, _Molomby v Whitehead_ ([27] _supra_) at 292, _Deluge Holdings
Pty Ltd v Bowlay_ (1991) 9 ACLC 1,486, 1,488 and _Re Geneva Finance Ltd
(Receiver and Manager Appointed)_ (1992) 10 ACLC 668, 675 and 676.

[emphasis added]

It bears noting at this point that the Court of Appeal did not define what
constitutes an “ulterior purpose”. This became the pivotal issue for
determination in the present appeals.

(f) Where the right of inspection has been disallowed, the denial is not a
function of the court’s residual discretion but rather an outcome arising from
the court’s decision that the right was to be exercised in aid of some
ulterior or illegitimate purpose (see _Berlei_ at 163 which was cited with
approval in _George Wuu_ at [32]):

In the course of his judgment Slade J relied to a considerable extent, with
reference to the extent of the director's rights, upon the quotations just
made from the two reported cases referred to, but I venture to suggest, with
great respect, that **_neither of the cases in fact justifies the conclusion
of Slade J that there is a discretion as to whether or not a Court will permit
a director to have access to corporate records and accounts. The correct
construction of the authorities relied upon by Slade J seems to me to be that
the right of inspection is unqualified, but that where it is proved that a
director is acting or is about to act in breach of his fiduciary duty to the
company and intends to aid that process by inspecting the books, then his
right to inspection disappears_**.

[emphasis added]

It is noteworthy that _Oxford Legal_ holds a contrary view at [12] that the
court has a residual discretion.

The issues in the appeals

16 The upshot of the principles listed above ([15]  _supra_) is that a
director’s right to inspect, though described as “ _absolute_ ”, is subject to
certain limitations. As both counsel rightly appreciated, the issue in dispute
was thus whether the appellant’s disclosed purpose (_viz_ exercise of the
right to prove that he had not in fact committed any breaches of fiduciary
duties) fell within the scope of these restrictions so as to oust the
appellant’s otherwise “absolute” right to inspect.

17 Counsel for the respondent, Mr Adrian Wong submitted that the appellant’s
“absolute” right to inspect the company accounts was subject to the following
parameters:

(a) The right had to be exercised for performance of director’s duties
pertaining to the accounts of the company.

(b) The right had to be exercised in relation to performance of a director’s
present and future duties. It could not be used to justify past
conduct/performance of director’s duties.

(c) The exercise of the right for any other purpose not pertaining to
discharge of a director’s duties generally was “improper” and would therefore
displace the “absolute” right of inspection.

18 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Tony Yeo adopted the more traditional view
that, short of proof that the exercise would be injurious to the Companies,
the appellant’s “absolute” right of inspection could not be denied.

19 I will now turn to each of the respondent’s contentions and examine them in
closer detail.

Must the right to inspect be strictly exercised in relation to director’s
duties pertaining to the company accounts

20 Mr Wong’s first submission was that the right to inspect was conferred
strictly to enable a director to fulfil his statutory duties in relation to
the Companies’ accounts, for instance in the preparation of “true and fair
profit and loss accounts” pursuant to s 201(3) of the CA. Any other unrelated
purpose was, by definition, an improper purpose. In support of this narrow
interpretation, Mr Wong directed me to the placement of s 199(3) within Part
IV of the CA which governed “Accounts and Audit”. With this restricted purpose
in mind, he argued that the appeal in RA 492 simply could not succeed given
the declared purpose of the appellant’s intended inspection.

21 As palatable as the respondent’s argument may appear, I note that there is
nothing in s 199 that suggests that the right of inspection should be so
restricted. In fact, in _George Wuu_ (see [14(e)] _supra_), the Court of
Appeal specifically held that the right was to enable the director to perform
his duties, _including_ the duty to ensure that the company complies with the
requirements as to accounts. It went on to observe at [25] that the right is
“a _concomitant_ of the fiduciary duties of good faith, care, skill and
diligence which a director owes to the company”. In the earlier English case
of _Conway_ , Slade J similarly pointed out that “the right to inspect
documents and, if necessary, to take copies of them is essential to the proper
performance of a director’s duties...” without stipulating which duties he
meant. It bears noting that even under the leading authority relied on by the
respondent (_viz Oxford Legal_) a director can exercise the right to inspect
for the purposes of carrying out his duties as a director _generally_ (see
_Oxford Legal_ at [37]). This interpretation is supported by the later comment
in the same paragraph in _Oxford Legal_ that it was inconsistent for the court
to, on the one hand, hold a director at risk of liability for breach of his
duties and, on the other hand, refuse to enforce the right of inspection _by
the exercise of which the director could take steps to avoid liability for
breach of those duties_.

22 In light of the above considerations, I reject the respondent’s narrow
construction of the purpose of the right to inspect and find that inspection
was intended to enable a director to discharge _all_ his statutory duties,
including but not limited to those in relation to accounts. It appears quite
foreseeable to me that a director might need to check the company’s accounts
so as to discharge his duties of reasonable care and diligence pursuant to s
157(1) of the CA. This was precisely what Rodgers J in _Law Wai Duen v Boldwin
Construction Co Ltd_ [2001] HKCA 284 (“ _Law Wai Duen_ ”) was alluding to at
[12] when he said:

Hence, in relation to many matters directors will no doubt rely upon what is
done by company officials and their fellow directors in relation to the
affairs of a company. But that is not the say that the ultimate responsibility
does not lie upon the director. If a director has cause to be suspicious, or
reasonably believes there is such cause, then the director may incur liability
if he does not satisfy himself in relation to _all matters_ relating to the
company’s affairs. More importantly, even if a director does rely upon other
directors or company officials in the conduct of the company’s affairs, he
must, at all times, be at liberty to satisfy himself as to _any matter_ in
relation to the company’s business.

[emphasis added]

Further, a director might also need to check the company’s accounts to
discharge his duty to act in the interest of the company as, without
information on the company’s financial position, the director may not be able
to exercise his discretion properly.

23 In the circumstances, a wider purpose is, in my view, entirely consistent
with the right of the director to inspect the company’s accounts as such a
right is but a “legal incident of his directorship” (see _Molomby v Whitehead
and Australian Broadcasting Corporation_ [1985] 63 A.L.R.282 (“ _Molomby_ ”)
at 293).

Is the right restricted to performance of present and future duties

24 The appellant submitted that there was no logical reason why the right
should be restricted to the discharge of a director’s present and future
duties. Instead the criterion should be whether the intended inspection bore
any _nexus_ to the performance of any duty as a director – past, present and
future. In support of this, Mr Yeo drew my attention to the case of _McDougall
v On Q Group Ltd_ [2007] VSC 184 (“ _McDougall_ ”), where the right of
inspection was invoked in relation to a past event, _ie_ a loan that was
extended some time ago.

25 In _McDougall_ , the quantum of a loan pursuant to a loan agreement was
subject to revision following audit of the company’s accounts. The plaintiff
director felt that he had grounds to believe that the accounts were irregular,
and for this purpose sought to exercise his right to inspect the company’s
accounts but was prevented by the board of directors from doing so. The
company subsequently brought legal proceedings against him for recovery of the
outstanding loan amount. In response, he applied to court to enforce his right
to inspect and succeeded.

26 Mr Wong sought to distinguish _McDougall_ on two grounds. First, the court
enforced the right to inspect because the director had acted early enough. He
had sought inspection before commencement of legal proceedings against him but
had been stonewalled by the board of directors from making further
investigations. In contrast, once legal proceedings had been instituted, his
interest to prove that the quantum was excessive would necessarily oppose the
company’s interest to ensure that the amount did not diminish. Secondly,
though the director’s purpose was to defend himself against a claim brought by
the company, he had other legitimate reasons for the inspection, _ie_ to
establish irregularities in the administration of the company’s accounts. This
was in stark contrast to the appellant who admitted that his sole purpose of
inspection was to prove his defence against the allegations of financial
irregularities.

27 As regards Mr Wong’s first argument, I am not convinced that the timing of
the application or request to inspect the accounts is particularly relevant,
as long as the applicant is still a director at the material time. Mr Wong’s
second argument also fails to consider the observation in _McDougall_ at [30]
that:

“…the mere fact that a director requires access to company documents to defend
a claim by the company against the director does not, by itself, establish
that the director requires access for an impermissible private purpose. In
this case, **_it is just as much in the company’s interests, as it is in Mr
McDougall’s personal interests, that the dispute concerning his indebtedness
to the company is resolved, on proper grounds, as soon as possible_**.”

[emphasis added]

This, I believe, was the crux behind the court’s decision to allow the
application in _McDougall_. Similarly, in the present appeals, the appellant
submitted that it was in the Companies’ interest to allow him to inspect the
accounts because if the accounts proved that he had not breached his fiduciary
duties, the Companies’ limited resources would not be squandered on futile
litigation. I agree. There appears to be no principled reason why a company’s
accounts cannot be inspected to answer allegations against a director in
respect of alleged misconduct in the performance of his duties as a director.
The accounts are documents belonging to _the Companies_. The respondent should
thus have no greater right to the accounts than the appellant since they are
_both_ existing directors of the Companies with equal rights to the Companies’
documents. As such, I find that the respondent was not entitled to restrict
discovery to selective documents relied on and referred to in the Stone Forest
Report. It is common ground that such documents do not represent the complete
set of the Companies’ accounting documents. The respondent should not be able
to pick and choose the documents for inspection as surely, the right to decide
cannot be determined by his fortuitous possession of the keys to the
documentation cabinet. In the words of Beaumont J in _Molomby_ at 293, the
respondent had “wrongly assumed the role of arbiter of [the plaintiff
director’s right to inspect]” which was “a matter of legal right vested in
[him]”.

28 To further justify his narrow interpretation, Mr Wong also relied on the
decision in _Barrett_ where it was stated at [82] that the right to inspect is
“restricted to directors acting in that capacity and for the purposes of the
corporation as distinct from private and personal reasons”. In his view, this
stood for the proposition that a director’s use of the right to inspect to
account for past conduct constituted a “personal” purpose that would be
“improper”.

29 I do not agree with the respondent’s interpretation of _Barrett_. In that
case, the parties seeking to enforce the right of inspection were _former_
directors, unlike the appellant in the present appeals. Upon termination of
their tenure as directors, the defendants in _Barrett_ no longer had duties in
relation to the company for which the right could be enforced. It was in those
circumstances that the right was described as being exercised in their “
_personal capacities_ ”.

30 The respondent’s final argument lay in his assertion that the positions of
an ex-director and a director of a dormant company were analogous as both no
longer owed _present_ or _future_ duties in relation to the Companies’
accounts. There is, however, one significant difference which lies in the fact
that a director of a dormant company remains liable as a director with
statutory duties. For discharge of those duties, he must continue to hold the
right to inspect as recognised in _Re Carry Strong Dyeing Factory Ltd_ [2007]
HKEC 1140 (“ _Re Carry Strong_ ”). I also note that in _Re Carry Strong_ , the
Hong Kong court did not consider relevant the fact that the company had ceased
business some three years prior to the application to enforce the right of
inspection. This reinforces my view that the right of inspection is not in any
way curtailed by the dormant or inactive nature of any company as long as the
applicant is still a director of the company at the time of the application.
There is, therefore, no convincing reason to confine the right of inspection
to the performance of present and future duties as a director.

Can the right to inspect be exercised for purposes wholly unconnected to
discharge of a director’s duties

31 Before dealing with the respondent’s last argument, it is helpful for me to
examine in greater detail the existing restrictions articulated in case law,
the most established of which arises in a situation where a director exercises
the right to inspect “with a view to causing any detriment to the company”
thereby “abusing the confidence reposed in him” (see _George Wuu_ at [32]).
Observations of similar tenor were made in _Welch_ at [32] – if his intentions
were “ _materially to injure the company_ ” and in _McDougall_ at [7], if
there is “clear proof that a misuse of power is involved (the onus of which
lies on those asserting it)”.

32 What is less clear from the decided cases is whether the restriction
extends beyond that, _ie_ does refusal of the right to inspect when it would
cause injury or detriment to the company operate as the _only_ restraint to
the otherwise absolute right of inspection? The respondent argued in the
negative and in support, referred this court to the decision of _Oxford Legal_
at [34] where the English Court of Appeal analysed _George Wuu_ in close
detail:

[34] In _Wuu Khek Chiang George v ECRC Land Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 65 at [32]
the Singapore Court of Appeal referred to the director being refused
inspection when the court was satisfied 'that the intention of the director in
inspecting the books and records is to make use of the information for
ulterior purposes such as with a view to causing detriment to the company'.
The court said this (at [33]):

[33] The right of a director to inspect the books and records of the company
flows from his office as a director and enables him to perform his duties as a
director ... Such a right is an important one, as the books and records of a
company are a primary, and sometimes the only, source of information as to the
state of affairs of a company. It follows that unless a director has access to
these sources of information he would be severely inhibited in the proper
performance of his duties. So long, therefore, as such right is exercised for
that purpose and not with a view to causing detriment to the company, the
right to inspect is 'absolute'. In this sense and to that extent, the right
may be termed 'absolute'. The corollary of this is that the right will be lost
where it is exercised not to advance the interests of the company but for some
ulterior purpose or to injure the company: Edman v Ross (supra) at p 361,
_Molomby v Whitehead_ (supra) at p 292.

And the court went on to say (at para [34]):

It is for those who oppose the director's right to inspect to show "clear
proof" and to satisfy the court "affirmatively" that the grant of the right of
inspection would be for a purpose which would be detrimental to the interests
of the company. There must be a "real ground" that the right would be abused
and that substantial harm would be caused to the company thereby.

The appellant, of course, relies on that final passage. But, when read in
conjunction with the earlier passages which I have cited, it is, I think,
reasonably clear that the court did not intend a distinction between 'some
ulterior purpose' (not involving injury to the company) and 'a purpose which
would be detrimental to the interests of the company'. The true distinction is
that drawn in its judgment (at para [33]): a distinction between the
director's exercise of the right 'in the proper performance of his duties' and
his exercise of the right 'not to advance the interests of the company but for
some ulterior purpose'. **_Properly understood, as it seems to me, the
decision in Wuu Khek Chiang George v ECRC Land Pte Ltd does not support the
proposition that the circumstances in which the court will refuse to enforce
the right to inspect are confined to those in which the purpose for which the
director sought inspection is to injure the company_**.

[emphasis added]

33 Looking at Rodgers J’s judgment in _Law Wai Duen_ , the Court of Appeal in
_Oxford Legal_ also held at [37] that:

**_I find it difficult to think that [Rogers J] intended to hold that a court
would be required to enforce the right in circumstances in which it was
demonstrated that the director was seeking inspection for some other improper
purpose (not involving injury to the company)_**. First it was unnecessary, in
that case, to make a distinction between intention to injure the company and
other improper purpose...Second, as I have said, I am not persuaded that there
is support for that proposition in the judgment of Street CJ in _Edman v Ross_
or in the judgment of Slade J in _Conway v Petronius_ , to both of which
Rodgers J referred with approval. Third, as it seems to me, that proposition
would be inconsistent with his own analysis of the reason why the court ought
not to refuse to enforce the right inspection: if the director was seeking to
exercise that right, not for the purpose for which it was conferred but for
some purpose unconnected with his duties as a director, there was no reason
why inspection should not be refused.

[emphasis added]

34 Having reviewed the authorities mentioned in [34] and [37] of _Oxford
Legal_ , I agree with Sir John Chadwick that “properly understood”, _George
Wuu_ and _Law Wai Duen_ did not confine the circumstances under which a court
would refuse inspection to situations where the exercise of the right would
injure the company. I also accept Mr Wong’s submission that the exception to
the right to inspect cannot be restricted only to instances where the exercise
would be “injurious” or “detrimental” to the company. Obviously if it is
“injurious” to the company, it would _ipso facto_ amount to an “improper”
purpose. But the right to inspect can also be displaced if the director
intends to use it for any purposes unconnected to the discharge of his
director’s duties. This reasoning is consistent with case law and with my
finding at [22] (_supra_) that the right to inspect was conferred on directors
(whether at common law or by statute or both) to facilitate the discharge of
all director’s duties in the CA.

35 The next issue in contention is where the burden of proof lies. On the
authority of _George Wuu_ at [34], it appears to me that the burden squarely
lies on the party opposing the right, whatever the exception may be:

34 The onus of establishing that the right is being, or will be, exercised for
an improper purpose lies on the person who asserts it: _per_ Isaacs J in
_Australian Metropolitan Life Assurance Co Ltd v Ure_ (1923) 33 CLR 199, 219.
There is no burden on a director to show any particular reason for his request
for inspection - this will ordinarily be assumed: see _Molomby v Whitehead_
([27] _supra_) at 293\. **_It is for those who oppose the director's right to
inspect to show "clear proof" and to satisfy the court "affirmatively" that
the grant of the right of inspection would be for the purpose which would be
detrimental to the interests of the company_**. There must be a "real ground"
that the right would be abused and that substantial harm would be caused to
the company thereby.

[emphasis added]

Unless this burden is discharged to the satisfaction of the courts, it must be
assumed that the director will exercise the right for the benefit of the
company (see _Edman_ at 163). In other words, the default position is that a
director is entitled _as of right_ to have access to the company’s accounts
and other corporate information unless it can be demonstrated that an
exception applies. The threshold is a high one, as demonstrated in _Campbell v
Jervois Mining Limted_ [2009] FCA 316. Here, the plaintiff director admitted
that the purpose for which he sought access to the company records was for the
lobbying of shareholders who had given proxies. Despite that, the court
nevertheless held that the plaintiff director was entitled to inspect all the
records of the company and the purpose identified for the inspection would not
“abuse the confidence reposed in him” or materially injure the company.

36 Now, although it was not necessary for the appellant to provide reasons for
the exercise of his right to inspect, he openly stated on record that his
purpose was to address the allegations of breaches of fiduciary duties in
relation to the Companies’ accounts in OS 879. The question whether such a
purpose is “injurious” to the interest of the Companies or unrelated to the
performance of director’s duties therefore arose. In this regard, the
respondent argued that the factual matrix in the present case bore many
similarities to _Oxford Legal_ , where the English Court of Appeal found that
the right to inspect was exercised for an ulterior purpose. With this in mind,
I will now examine whether there is any material distinction between _Oxford
Legal_ and the present case.

Distinguishing Oxford Legal

37 As a starting point, it is helpful to note the facts of _Oxford Legal_ in
some detail. The appellant company (“OLG”) and one Mr Hoyer Millar (“HM”) were
director-shareholders of the respondent company (“SBS”). OLG was controlled by
one Mr Kenneth Brooks (“Mr Brooks”) through companies he owned. In 2005, HM
presented a petition under s 459 of the UK Companies Act 1985 claiming that Mr
Brooks’ actions had caused him unfair prejudice as a shareholder. A court
order was issued, requiring OLG to sell its shareholding in SBS to HM. The
only outstanding issue was for the share price to be determined. This was to
be done at a later date, after establishing SBS’s net asset value as at 30
September 2006.

38 In 2007, OLG applied to the court seeking inspection of the SBS accounts
from 2002. The Court of Appeal refused inspection on the ground that the right
was being exercised for an “improper purpose”. In doing so, it accepted the
trial judge’s inference that Mr Brooks (through OLG) was applying the right to
fish for evidence that HM had made wrongful payments out of SBS, causing the
company’s share value to depreciate. This would allow him to charge HM a
higher price for the SBS shares. Unlike a specific discovery application under
O 24 r 5 of the Rules of Court, there was no requirement for the director to
establish either relevance or necessity to exercise his right of inspection.

39 There were four factors that the trial judge considered in drawing such an
inference:

(a) The fact that Mr Brooks was, in substance, synonymous with OLG.

(b) The reasons furnished by OLG for wanting to inspect the company documents
mirrored the allegations of impropriety raised in the amended defence by Mr
Brooks in the earlier s 459 petition.

(c) OLG had inspected, or been offered inspection of all documents required
for completing and approving SBS’s financial statements for the period between
30 September 2005 and 30 September 2006 pursuant to the discovery regime under
the s 459 petition to enable OLG to deal with the accounts for the year ending
30 September 2006. Nonetheless, OLG still wanted to inspect all the company
records since 2002.

(d) OLG had remained a director only because of Mr Brooks’ action in delaying
the valuation of SBS’s shares. Upon sale of its shares, OLG would have ceased
to hold its post as director.

40 The respondent relied upon _Oxford Legal_ and argued that an improper
purpose necessarily arose when the right to inspect was exercised with the
intention of subverting the discovery process as it bore no relation to the
discharge of director’s duties. This was precisely the appellant’s intention
in instituting OS 1197 whilst the derivative action (_viz_ OS 879) was still
at the leave stage. The respondent contended that if the appellant wanted
access to the accounts, he would have to wait until discovery was ordered at a
later stage instead of trying to “usurp the function of the discovery
process”.

41 The respondent’s argument, though convincing, does not recognise two
important differences between the factual matrices in _Oxford Legal_ and the
present appeals. First, it appears to me that part of the English Court of
Appeal’s reasoning in finding an improper purpose arose because OLG was not
exercising the right in furtherance of its obligations as a director. Rather,
the application was intended to safeguard Mr Brooks’ interest _qua_
shareholder by facilitating a better valuation of his shares. In fact, OLG
would not have remained a director if not for its refusal to acknowledge the
court order and agree to a sensible valuation of the SBS’s shares. The trial
judge himself considered this when he observed at [15] there was a “serious
case that OLG was not pursuing these proceedings through any genuine concern
that it was necessary or appropriate to do so in order to discharge its
obligations as a director”.

42 Second and more significantly, the appellant in the present appeal does not
face any restriction in the discovery disclosure as Mr Brooks did in _Oxford
Legal_. Whilst the English Court of Appeal found that Mr Brooks would not have
been given the documents he sought as he was unable to fulfil the discovery
threshold of relevance and necessity, the appellant in this appeal would be
entitled to the Companies’ accounts at the discovery stage of the proceedings
in any event. The appellant’s rationale in making this application now instead
of waiting to address the matters at trial was to “nip the problem in the
bud”. Parties would thus save on time, costs and resources certainly insofar
as the allegations relating to financial irregularities. I see no real issue
in this. As such, it could not be said that the appellant was exercising the
right to inspect in order to obtain documents which would otherwise not be
discoverable.

43 As a final observation, in determining whether the exercise is for the
performance of director’s duties, the court should adopt a broad and liberal
interpretation so as not to render the right nugatory. It is a right that
comes with the office. In the present case, there is no doubt in my mind that
the inspection has a sufficient nexus to the appellant’s duties as a director.
It would be too narrow to construe the right as limited to duties in relation
to accounts or for the performance of present and future duties only, a view
which I have rejected above ([20]–[30]  _supra_).

44 For the reasons furnished above, I hold that the right to inspect the
Companies’ accounts is related to the appellant’s discharge of his director’s
duties even if he did so with a view to prove that he had not acted in breach
of his duties. As said in _Berlei_ at pp163–164:

“No court will act upon a mere presumption that a director will in a given
situation act in breach of his fiduciary duty to the company...it must be
proved, either by words or conduct, that there in fact exists an intention on
the part of the director to use the information not for the benefit of the
company and the shareholders...”

In fact, to suggest that the appellant should be denied the right to inspect
accounts accessible by the directors to account for his action is
“unthinkable” (see Iles, Nicholas, (1997) _The Corporation, its Former
Directors & Legal Professional Privilege_ Bond Law Review: Vol. 9: Iss 1,
Article 2 at p18).

45 In the premises, I allow the appeal in RA 492. Given my decision in RA 492,
there is strictly no necessity to deal with RA 491\. However, for
completeness, I will briefly explain why I agree with the AR that the
application for specific discovery was indeed premature.

Specific discovery

46 The regime governing specific discovery is set out in O 24 rr 5(3) and 7 of
the Rules of Court. However, a hurdle which the appellant would need to
overcome is O 24 r 5(4), which provides that the court will not order specific
discovery _before_ general discovery unless it is of the opinion that doing so
is _necessary_ or _desirable_.

47 The appellant argued that specific discovery was necessary in the
circumstances to aid the court in arriving at its decision whether to grant
the respondent leave to commence the derivative action in OS 879\.
Specifically, the appellant alleged that the documents would establish that
the respondent was not acting in good faith or in the interests of the
Companies (see _Pang Yong Hock & another v PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [20] and _Law Chin Eng & Another v Hiap Seng & Co Pte
Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 223 at [19]). Bad faith would be demonstrated by establishing
that the respondent had cherry picked documents to present to the forensic
accountants, thereby furthering his intention of pursuing a “personal
vendetta” against the appellant through the derivative action in OS 879.
Specific discovery of the Companies’ accounts would also permit the appellant
to better demonstrate to the court his innocence in relation to the alleged
financial irregularities. This would in turn confirm that the respondent was
not acting in the interests of the Companies by wasting the Companies’ already
limited coffers on unmeritorious litigation.

48 The respondent relied on the trite proposition at law which provides that,
at the leave stage, the court should not adjudicate on disputed issues of
fact, but merely to determine whether a _prima facie_ case has been made out
(see _Teo Gek Luang v Ng Ai Tiong and others_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 426 at [15] and
_Agus Irawan v Toh Teck Chye & others_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 471 at [6] both
approved by the Court of Appeal in _Pang Yong Hock and another v PKS Contracts
Services Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 1 at [16]–[19]). The respondent further
averred that the appellant was seeking to “usurp” the function of the general
discovery process in the derivative action by “fishing” for information to
support his defence which was not even due for filing.

49 The question whether the court will grant an order for specific discovery
at such an early stage of proceedings (specifically, before pleadings are
closed), was considered in _RHM Foods and Another v Bovril Ltd_ [1982] 1 WLR
661 where the plaintiff brought an action of passing off against the
defendant. The plaintiff subsequently applied for discovery of certain
documents after issuing a writ and a motion of its intention to apply for an
interlocutory injunction restraining the defendants from continuing to pass
off their product, but prior to filing a statement of claim. The English Court
of Appeal dismissed the application and held that, although O 24 r 7 (the
Singapore equivalent being O 25 r 5) gave the court discretion to order
specific discovery prior to filing of pleadings, such discretion would only be
exercised in “exceptional” circumstances. The main reason for this was that it
would be unfair to compel a party to provide unilateral discovery before the
other party has formally pleaded its case (at 665–669). The court also felt
that, until at least a statement of claim was delivered by setting out the
matters in question in the action, it could not properly exercise its
discretion (at 665). The same reasoning _mutatis mutandis_ is applicable, and
was in fact applied in the Hong Kong decision of _Bank of India v Gobindram
Naraindas Sadhwani & Anor_ [1994] 2 HKLR 69 to a defendant who had not filed a
defence prior to the application. In my view, this must be right: prevention
of a “fishing” expedition prior to general discovery must apply both ways in
the interests of consistency and fairness.

50 I find that the appellant has clearly failed to discharge the burden to
show “exceptional” circumstances to justify discovery at this stage of the
proceedings. I note that the respondent has relied on grounds extending beyond
allegations of financial irregularities against the appellant in OS 879. Other
breaches include, _inter alia_ , the following[note: 1]:

(a) Failure to use reasonable diligence in:

(i) filing the Companies’ accounts for the financial year ending on 30 June
2008 and sending the said accounts for auditing. As a result, the Companies
incurred penalties from ACRA;

(ii) paying fees for services rendered by one M/s Spin Creative Pte Ltd.
Consequently, the latter instituted legal proceedings against the Companies
and obtained judgment in default of appearance; and

(iii) revoking the respondent’s instruction to appoint a solicitor to defend
the lawsuit commenced by Cecilia Tan against the Companies for wrongful
dismissal.

(b) Usurping corporate opportunities from the Companies by allowing the lease
for the flagship restaurant at Ngee Ann City to lapse and subsequently
operating a competing restaurant, _Pepes_ , at the same location.

(c) Placing himself in a position of conflict against the interests of the
Companies by incorporating Ochacha (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Simple Spice Pte
Ltd, that ran the principal activities of retail sale of food and beverages
and a restaurant business respectively. The appellant also failed to disclose
the existence of these companies to the respondent.

(d) Improper management of the restaurant operations, such as the termination
of the leases at Causeway Point and Suntec City and the ceasing of operations
of the Centrepoint outlet, despite the fact that the business was still
profitable. As a result, the Companies breached the Memorandum of Lease
entered into with Frasers Centrepoint, which included a covenant binding SHPL
to operate an Indonesian restaurant on the unit and to keep the restaurant
open daily.

51 In my view, discovery of the Companies’ accounts would not be able to
summarily address the above non-financial allegations in any event. As such,
it is difficult to see how discovery of the Companies’ accounts would
necessarily dispose of the intended derivative action in OS 879 at the leave
stage. It follows that the appellant’s argument that the discovery would save
time and costs simply cannot stand.

Conclusion

52 I therefore allow the appeal in RA 492 while that in RA 491 is dismissed.
Since the bulk of the submissions related to RA 492, the cost orders should be
reflected accordingly. I order the respondent to pay the appellant a net cost
amount of $3,500 inclusive of disbursements for both appeals.

53 It leaves me now to thank both Mr Yeo and Mr Wong for their helpful
submissions together with their citations of relevant case authorities which
assisted me in writing this decision.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Hau Tau Khang dated 26.08.10 at [13]–[39]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

