Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yu Peng Hsueh-Shu _v_ Public Prosecutor and another matter  
[2011] SGHC 198

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 41 of 2011 (DAC No 000301-307 of 2011)
and Criminal Motion No 46 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
appellant; Kan Shuk Weng and Darryl Soh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Yu Peng Hsueh-Shu — Public Prosecutor  
  
25 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 In this appeal, Yu Peng Hsueh-Shu (“the appellant”), pleaded guilty to three
charges of copyright infringement preferred against her. The first charge read
as follows:

YOU, … are charged that you, sometime between November 2009 and 6th day of
July 2010 at 12.05pm, at No. 1 Rochor Canal Road #03-30, Sim Lim Square,
Singapore, did have in your possession for the purpose of distributing
infringing copies of visual recordings, at a time when copyright subsists in
the works, articles which you knew or ought reasonably to know to be
infringing copies of works, to wit, four thousand two hundred and eighty-six
(4286) infringing copies of song titles published by Warner Music Singapore
contained in 5 external hard disks and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 136(2)(b) of the Copyright Act, Chapter 63.

The second and third charges were similar to the first. The number of
infringing copies involved in the second charge was three thousand two hundred
and seventy-two (3,272), and they were contained in ten external hard disks.
The relevant copyright owner was Sony Music Entertainment Singapore Pte Ltd.
The third charge concerned eight hundred and seventy-eight (878) infringing
copies. They were contained in nine external hard disks and the copyright
owner was Ocean Butterflies Music Pte Ltd. The appellant admitted in the
statement of facts that the hard disks were inspected by the owners of the
copyrighted subject-matter who were the recording companies named in the
charges respectively. The recording companies “confirmed that they [_ie_ the
subject-matter of ‘music videos’] were infringing copies.” There were thus a
total of 24 hard disks and 8,436 infringing copies in the three charges
proceeded with. Four other charges which were taken into consideration
involved a further 6,407 infringing copies of “visual recordings” and “song
titles” contained in 21 hard disks. In the seven charges, there were
altogether 14,843 infringing copies contained in 45 external hard disks.

2 Section 136(2) of the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) stated
as the relevant provision in the charges reads:

A person who at a time when copyright subsists in a work has in his possession
or imports into Singapore any article which he knows, or ought reasonably to
know, to be an infringing copy of the work for the purpose of –

(_a_)selling, letting for hire, or by way of trade offering or exposing for
sale or hire, the article;

(_b_)distributing the article for the purpose of trade, or for any other
purpose to an extent that will affect prejudicially the owner of the copyright
in the work;

(_c_)by way of trade exhibiting the article in public,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 for the article or for each article in respect of which the
offence was committed or $100,000, whichever is the lower, or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

The trial judge imposed a custodial sentence on the appellant. She received
six months’ imprisonment in respect of the first and second charges, and one
month’s imprisonment in respect of the third charge. The imprisonment terms of
the first and second charges were ordered to run concurrently, and the
imprisonment term for the third charge was to run consecutively, making an
aggregate of seven months’ imprisonment. Counsel for the appellant, Mr Leo
Cheng Suan, submitted that the sentence was manifestly excessive. He submitted
that the trial judge erred in law because she seemed to have assumed each
“infringing copy” to be an “article” and thus passed sentence on the
assumption that there were 8,435 articles. Mr Leo argued that the term
“article” in s 136(2)(_b_) of the Act should refer to each hard disk rather
than the individual copyrighted subject-matters that were stored in the hard
disks. He relied on the case of _Public Prosecutor v Poh Kim Video Pte Ltd_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 373 (“ _Poh Kim Video_ ”). In that case, an issue which arose
was whether 18 video compact discs, which contained a pirated film drama
series, sold in a single boxed set should be regarded as 18 articles or one
article. On appeal to the High Court, Yong CJ upheld the trial judge’s view
that each boxed set should be considered as one article. The relevant portion
of the judgment (at [26]) reads as follows:

While no definition of “article” is provided in the Copyright Act, it was
evident from a plain reading of s 136(2) that an “article” is any “infringing
copy of the work”. Taking this into account, I was of the view that there is
nothing in the Copyright Act that prevents the court from regarding a box set
of a single drama series as an “article” for the purposes of sentencing. I
disagreed with TS Laser’s contention that the court was bound to regard each
VCD in the box as an “article”. In light of the legislature’s decision not to
provide a definition of “article” in the Copyright Act, each case must be
considered on its own facts. …

Yong CJ went on to explain why the court thought that TS Laser’s argument was
untenable. He explained that a single drama series could be released in
different versions. One version of the drama series may be recorded on 18
discs while another version of exactly the same may be recorded on five discs
instead. I agree with Yong CJ that it is irrelevant how many discs were used
to store the same pirated drama series. The number of discs did not affect the
offender’s culpability since in either instance the offender intended to
distribute each drama series as one boxed set and the consumer would have
intended to purchase just that.

3 I agree with _Poh Kim Video_ when it states that what constitutes an
“article” for the purposes of s 136(2) is a question of fact because the
existence of the infringing copies and articles must be proven as matters of
fact. But what “article” means in s 136(2) is a matter of legal interpretation
as well because the provision states “any article which he knows … to be an
infringing copy of the work”. On the face of it, the just quoted relates an
“article” to an “infringing copy”. The question that arises by implication is
whether an infringing copy is the article or are there instances in which an
article may comprise several infringing copies. What is clear is that an
“article” must contain an “infringing copy”. That is, “infringing copy” is a
definitional element of “article”. The term “infringing copy” is an abstract
noun. It acquires a corporeal form only in relation to a “work”, “sound
recording”, “cinematograph film”, “television or sound broadcast” or a
“published edition of a work”: s 7(1) of the Act. There cannot be infringing
copies of anything else apart from the subjects enumerated in s 7(1). The
phrase “infringing copy” is a reference to such a subject, or, in the
terminology of the Act, the “subject-matter”. When the categories of subjects
in which copyright can subsist need to be expanded, the new subjects will be
added by legislation. What each category means and includes may sometimes
require explanation. This is one such instance. Even in its corporeal form, an
infringing copy may not be readily identified. What, for example, is the
infringing copy an infringement of in this case? The proper construction of
the term “article” in s 136(2) will depend on the way that question is
answered. The charges in this case alleged that the appellant possessed
infringing copies of “visual recordings” and “song titles”. In the statement
of facts, the same subject was also referred to as “music videos”, but these
three terms do not necessarily mean the same thing. Since infringing copies
can only exist in relation to a subject that is specified for in the Act, the
copyrighted subject that constitutes the offence in this case must fall within
those categories of subject.

4 The Act makes a clear distinction between original “works” comprising
literary, dramatic, musical and artistic works in Part III of the Act on the
one hand, and “subject-matter other than works” in Part IV of the Act on the
other hand. These latter classes of subjects are not referred to as works in
the Act, and there is no requirement that Part IV subjects must be original.
The duration of their copyright protection is also different from works.
Copyright in “subject-matter other than works” is a copyright which subsists
independently of, and does not affect or detract from, copyright in original
works: s 117 of the Act. Thus, an infringement of the copyright in a sound
recording may also constitute an infringement of copyright in the musical work
and literary work embodied in the record as well. Furthermore, a record that
sounds like another may not have infringed a sound recording copyright even
though it might have been an infringing copy of the musical and literary work
copyrights which subsist in the recorded music. The infringing copies in this
case must be a reference to “sound recordings” even though they were variously
described in lay terms. The recording companies which ascertained the
legitimacy of the subject-matter in the hard disks are not necessarily the
relevant copyright owners of the literary and musical works that may subsist
independently in each sound recording. The distinction is important and must
be clearly stated and either proved or admitted. From the statement of facts,
the court could only be certain that the recording companies were the owners
of the sound recording copyrights and no more. Hence, the charges should have
used the term “sound recordings” instead of “works”; and s 136(2) read with s
136(5) of the Act for the offence to be clearly stated.

5 The use of lay terms in the charge and statement of facts shows that items
alleged to be literary, dramatic, musical, artistic “works” or “subject-matter
other than works” can be easily mixed up with each other. The stated
categories help us to be more precise in recognising the types of things we
can have intellectual property rights in, but they retain an element of
arbitrariness. For example, when one “movie title” is pirated by reproducing
it on one storage disc for sale, there is in law an infringing copy in
relation to each of the various copyrightable subject-matters that comprise
the movie, namely, the cinematograph film, the dramatic work, the sound
recording, the musical work and possibly others. I think that it is not
reasonable, correct, or fair to regard that one storage disc as four
infringing articles. It is fairer to say that there is only one infringing
article, the storage disc itself. The fairness of this interpretation can be
appreciated from the perspective of the parties, and what they would have had
in mind in a transaction that involved the sale of a hard disk such as those
in this case; matching the intention of the offender and that of the buyer or
consumer. The buyer and seller alike would clearly have intended to be trading
in the “articles” and not the “infringing copies”. The understanding that an
article must be construed from the offender’s perspective is also reflected in
language of s 136(2) which uses the terms “sell”, “let for hire”, “offer or
expose for sale or hire”, “distribute” or “exhibit in public” in relation to
the article. Those acts described can only be carried out with respect to the
thing, that is, the article that the offender deals with the consumer. Of
course, the thing that is being dealt with need not always be visible to the
eye. In a case where a pirate sells individual copyrighted songs online, the
article will be each of the songs in the electronic form. In this context,
therefore, it seems clear that the terms “infringing copy” and “article” in s
136(2) may not be one and the same, and that is where _Poh Kim Video_ sensibly
declared that what an article is in each case is a matter of fact. In the
present case, it is incorrect to treat each infringing copy of a sound
recording as an article in itself. This is consistent with the verdict in _Poh
Kim Video_ , where the offender sold units of boxed sets of discs which each
stored a pirated drama series. Here, the appellant’s plan was to distribute
units of karaoke players which each contained a hard disk which stored
infringing copies of sound recordings. The article that was being distributed
was the individual hard disk which contained infringing copies of sound
recordings. The infringing copies of sound recordings were not and could not
have been distributed in any other way by the appellant.

6 I disagree, however, with the _dictum_ in _Poh Kim Video_ where Yong CJ had
suggested that it was inappropriate to require the court to sentence offenders
based on the number of infringing video compact discs (the storage medium in
that case) in all cases for two reasons. The first was the point I made above,
distinguishing an article from the infringing copy. Secondly, Yong CJ thought
that (at [28]):

[S]uch an approach would be entirely inappropriate in copyright offences where
two or more infringing works are captured on a single VCD. In such cases, the
court would be bound to sentence the offender based on one article only and
the maximum fine which could be imposed is $10,000. The court's hands should
not be tied in such a manner, particularly since developments in digital
technology have now made it possible for a single hard disk to contain
hundreds of infringed works.

The deputy public prosecutors, Ms Kan Shuk Weng and Mr Darryl Soh, adopted
this _dictum_ in their submissions. They fear that an offender would simply
store many infringing copies of copyrighted subject-matter on one hard disk
and distribute that hard disk. That argument does not recognise that there may
in fact already be several copyrighted works or other subject-matter present
in a single product such as a “movie” or, in our case, a “music video”. If a
pirated movie, made up of at least four infringing copies, which is stored in
a single disc is regarded as one article, the presence of a further pirated
movie on the same disc to give rise to conceptually eight infringing copies
should not cause the disc to be construed as two articles. It is true that if
all other circumstances were identical, an offender who distributes a disc
containing two pirated movies is more culpable than an offender who
distributes a disc which contains only one pirated movie. But the elements of
the offence must not be mixed up with an assessment of the offender’s degree
of culpability at once. They must be considered in turn. Hence, both offenders
in the example would have distributed only one article, but the one who copied
two movies on the disc may receive a heavier punishment than the other
offender who copied only one movie.

7 The legislative policy behind the copyright offences is to punish and deter
copyright infringements that are committed for commercial benefit. Given this
policy and the plain wording of s 136(2), the proper focus in defining the key
element of the offence, the term “article”, must be the mode by which the
infringing copies are traded since that is how the offender derives his
profit. A prosecution under s 136(2) is not an exercise to determine the
precise number of copyrights that had been infringed by rationing the
punishment proportionally to the number of infringing copies although when the
number of articles is established, the value of the copyrighted subject-matter
in each article may be a relevant sentencing consideration as it may determine
the extent of prejudice suffered by the copyright holders. The profits derived
from the trade of each article may also be relevant to the offender’s
culpability. The owners of the precise copyrights in each article will not be
prejudiced by the criminal law’s approach which takes into account the
offender’s characteristics when assessing culpability for sentencing. The
offences were not created to vindicate their private rights in the first
place. The copyright owners can seek compensation through a civil action for
that.

8 For the purposes of sentencing, the trial judge referred to _Public
Prosecutor v Yeo Wei Kian_ [2007] SGDC 55 and _Public Prosecutor v Mohd Hapiz
b Tahir_ [2007] SGDC 40 to justify a custodial sentence. Imprisonment terms of
nine months and five months were handed down in the two cases respectively.
However, they were different from the present in material ways. First, there
was a strong element of wilfulness in those cases which called for a custodial
sentence. In _Yeo Wei Kian_ , the offender was part of a syndicated operation.
In _Mohd Hapiz b Tahir_ , the offender made planned efforts to evade detection
by the authorities when transporting the infringing articles. Secondly, there
was a far greater number of infringing articles in those cases, namely 2,602
articles (some of which were also the subject-matter of a trademark
infringement charge) and 695 articles respectively. In my view, the sentence
in this case was manifestly excessive because the court seemed to have
proceeded on the assumption that the article was the infringing copy of the
copyrighted subject-matter instead of the hard disk. The trial judge also
noted the fact that the appellant’s distribution of the karaoke players
containing the hard disks despite knowing six months before her arrest that
the hard disks were infringing articles. That seemed to the judge to be an
aggravating factor. But the appellant’s profit-mindedness or greed cannot be
an aggravating factor in itself because s 136(2) criminalises the distribution
of infringing articles “for trade”. Thus the appellant’s intention to profit
is a necessary feature of the offence. What would have constituted an
aggravating factor would be the manner in which an offender carried out his
business. In this case, the appellant was a sole retailer. There was no
evidence that she was part of a syndicate engaging in piracy. Her business
operations were also a legitimate one apart from the distribution of the
relevant karaoke players. In addition, the usual mitigating factors were
present, such as she had no antecedents and she was cooperative with
investigations and remorseful for her actions, which the judge noted. Since
the usual sentence that had been imposed for a copyright infringement offence
where the number of articles was small and there were no aggravating factors
was a fine (_Public Prosecutor v Chew Alleng_ (MA 248/1993, unreported) and
_Cherng Chiu Yung v Rahman bin Haji Omar_ (MA 16/1997, unreported)), the
custodial sentence was manifestly excessive. Finally, the facts were that the
hard disks were all seized at the same time. Hence, the appellant can properly
be said to be in possession for the purposes of distributing all the 45 hard
disks containing the 14,843 infringing copies of sound recordings at the
material time. One single charge could thus have been preferred, setting out
the total number of hard disks and the total number of infringing copies. This
would have the effect of exposing the appellant to a maximum fine of $100,000
or to imprisonment for up to five years or both. However, because the
prosecution laid seven charges and proceeded with three of them, the appellant
became liable to a maximum fine of $300,000 or to 15 years’ imprisonment or
both. Sentencing is probably more art than science. If that be so, one may lay
greater store in contemporary art and match the sentence with the public
policies of the day, but it may be wise to steer clear from abstract art. The
court’s best guide in such circumstances is to have regard to the totality
principle. This seems to have been the view of the court below when it imposed
a total of seven months’ imprisonment because it took into account all the
infringing copies. That was why the first two charges carried six months’
imprisonment and the third charge carried only one month’s imprisonment. Given
the fact that that account was based on the assumption that each infringing
copy is an article, as well as considering a neutral factor as aggravating,
the sentences should be varied.

9 I note that the usual tariff where there is a small number of infringing
items is between $400 to 600 per article. However, because the appellant’s
profit margin for distributing each article was in the range of $100 to $250,
and the number of infringing copies found in them is high, the fine imposed
per article here must be substantially higher. I also note that a fine of
$2,000 per article was imposed in _Poh Kim Video_ , where the profit derived
from the sale of each boxed set of drama series and the infringing copies in
each article are presumably much lower. Taking also into account the other
factors I mentioned above, I would impose a fine of $4,000 per article.

10 For the reasons above, the appeal is allowed. The sentence of imprisonment
is set aside and the sentence is varied to fines as follows: DAC 301-2011 –
$20,000 and in default one month imprisonment; DAC 302-2011 – $40,000 and in
default one month’s imprisonment; and DAC 305-2011 – $36,000 and in default
one month’s imprisonment, making a total fine of $96,000 for the three
charges.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

