Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jiang Ou _v_ EFG Bank AG  
[2011] SGHC 149

Case Number| :| Suit No 1055 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lawrence Quahe, Chenthil Kumarasingam and Kenneth Lim
(Lawrence Quahe & Woo LLC) for the plaintiff; Siraj Omar (Premier Law LLC) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Jiang Ou — EFG Bank AG  
  
9 June 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Conclusive evidence or verification clauses, commonly found in banking
documentation, have consistently been upheld by the courts, _inter alia_ , on
the premise that banks who insert them “ _are known to be honest and reliable
men of business who are most unlikely to make a mistake_ ” (per Lord Denning
MR in _Bache & Co (London) Ltd v Banque Vernes et Commerciale de Paris SA
_[1973] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 437 at 440). Such clauses have been upheld to exonerate
banks from liability in honouring cheques that were _subsequently_ established
to bear the forged signatures of their customers. From my survey of the case
law, there has been no occasion where the courts have had to pronounce on the
validity of such a clause when invoked to exculpate a bank from liability of
the fraud of its own employees engaging in unauthorised trades. If such
clauses were to be upheld in relation to such unauthorised trades, the risk of
fraud of the bank’s employee, entirely within the sphere of control of the
bank, would be shifted to the customer. Are such clauses, even if worded
broadly enough to encompass the fraud of the bank’s employee, enforceable? Is
the lack of case authority explained by banks’ intuitive recognition that such
liability cannot be validly excluded or perhaps by reason of other commercial
considerations? This is precisely the principal issue that presented itself
before me for determination in the instant case.

Material Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 The plaintiff, Jiang Ou (“Mdm Jiang”) is a citizen of the People’s Republic
of China (“China”) and a permanent resident of Singapore. At all material
times, Mdm Jiang was a substantial shareholder, the General Manager and
Managing Director of Liaoning New Wentai Paper Industries Co Ltd, a company
engaged in the business of manufacturing of paper and paper products.

3 The defendant, EFG Bank AG (“EFG Bank”) is a bank incorporated in
Switzerland, licensed to operate as a bank in Singapore.

Background to the dispute

4 In 2008, Mdm Jiang and her husband applied for permanent residence under the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) Financial Investor Scheme (“FIS”).
Under this scheme, an individual can apply for permanent residence in
Singapore by depositing a sum of at least S$5 million with an approved bank
regulated by the MAS, for a continuous period of five years.

5 In support of her application for permanent residence under the FIS, Mdm
Jiang opened a _non-discretionary_ account (Account No XXX) (“the FIS
Account”), with EFG Bank on or around 2 June 2008. A non-discretionary account
is distinct from a discretionary account in that Mdm Jiang’s instruction or
mandate (written or oral) was required prior to the valid execution of any
transaction by EFG Bank. Mr Ng Ton Yee (“Mr Ng”), an employee of the EFG Bank
as well as Mdm Jiang’s client relationship officer, purported to witness Mdm
Jiang signing the account opening documentation in China though it was not
disputed that Mr Ng was not present in China at that time.

6 In the customer information profile, Mdm Jang was described by EFG Bank as
someone with “ _little level of understanding of financial products_ ”[note:
1] and her objective was clearly stated as achievement of capital growth
balanced with an emphasis on “ _Capital Protection_ ”.[note: 2] Additionally,
from the transcript of a voice log conversation between Mdm Jiang and Mr Ng on
5 September 2008,[note: 3] it appeared that Mr Ng was fully aware that she did
not understand English and needed him to explain the relevant EFG Bank
documents to her.

Mr Wu (Mr Ng): |  Yah, yah. Er, I want to report to you, normally every month I will let my client, that is to say let him have an understanding about his _portfolio_ , which is what is your investment result.  
---|---  
Jiang Ou: |  Ah-huh.  
Mr Wu (Mr Ng): |  Let you know because whatever you receive, **all of them are in English version, correct? So (you) don’t understand them**.  
Jiang Ou: |  Ah.  
[emphasis added] |   
  
  

7 While Mdm Jiang initially denied being bound by the terms stated in the
account opening documents (on the basis that the documents were not explained
to her), she eventually accepted that the relationship between the parties was
governed, _inter alia_ , by the following (collectively “the Agreement”):

(a)

Account Mandate and Trading Terms;

(b)

General Conditions;and

(c)

Risk Disclosure Statement.

8 EFG Bank’s Account Mandate and Trading Terms provide, _inter alia_ ,
that:[note: 4]

2.1The Bank is _authorised to act on Instructions given by the Client in
accordance with the signing authority_ set out below (or as the same may be
amended by the Client from time to time).

[emphasis added]

9 Also, the General Conditions define “ _Instructions”_ as follows:[note: 5]

Instructions given by the Client or an Authorised Representative in accordance
with the Account & Trading Mandate

...

2.3All written instructions must be in accordance with the terms of the
Account & Trading Mandate and must bear signatures(s) which, in the Bank’s
sole opinion, corresponds to the specimen signature(s) of the Client(s) and/or
the Authorised Representative(s) as provided to the Bank. Instructions may not
be given by e-mail.

...

2.7The Bank may at its discretion record telephone instructions by writing
and/or tape recording and/or any other method, and save in the case of
manifest error the Bank’s record of such instructions shall be conclusive and
binding. _All telephone conversations between the Client and the Bank made in
the course of Transactions will be recorded_.

[emphasis added]

10 From 24 July 2008 until 14 August 2008, Mdm Jiang deposited a total of
US$4,999,957.50 into her FIS Account. On or about 15 August 2008, Mdm Jiang,
on the advice of Mr Ng, opened another portfolio account to deposit the excess
FIS monies (_ie_ the difference between the US$4,999,957.50 deposit and the
required S$5 million for the FIS Account). On or about 16 August 2008, Mr Ng
advised Mdm Jiang to convert the FIS monies into Australian Dollars to benefit
from the higher interest rates to which Mdm Jiang agreed.[note: 6] She also
accepted that Mr Ng could engage in “minor” transactions involving currency
conversion of the FIS monies to benefit from the higher interest rates. It is
noteworthy that this was the _only_ type of transaction authorised by Mdm
Jiang.

11 Between 5 August 2008 and 1 April 2009, EFG Bank through Mr Ng executed a
series of 160 high-volume and/or high risk leveraged foreign exchange and
securities transactions (“the 160 transactions”) purportedly on behalf of Mdm
Jiang. None of the 160 transactions fell within the “minor” transactions which
Mr Ng was authorised to carry out for the currency conversion of the FIS
monies.

12 On 1 April 2009, at a meeting with Mdm Jiang and her husband in Shenyang,
China, Mr Ng “confessed” that he had entered into the160 transactions without
the knowledge or consent of Mdm Jiang which resulted in losses to her FIS
Account. Mr Ng pleaded with Mdm Jiang for time to make good the losses within
three months.[note: 7] When Mr Ng failed to do so, Mdm Jiang and her husband
arranged to meet the Managing Director of EFG Bank, Mr Kees Stoute (“Mr
Stoute”) on 11 September 2009. At this meeting, Mdm Jiang averred that Mr Ng
admitted in the presence of Mr Stoute that he had entered into the 160
transactions without her authority.[note: 8] On 18 September 2009, Mdm Jiang
together with her solicitor had a meeting with EFG Bank’s representatives, Mr
Tan Kay Siong and Mr Ong Beng Guan (“Mr Ong”) at which time she was informed
that EFG Bank was undertaking an internal investigation and that she would be
informed of the outcome. EFG Bank has since claimed privilege over the
internal investigation report and has not informed Mdm Jiang of the outcome of
its investigations.

13 It was common ground between the parties that as a result of the 160
transactions executed by Mr Ng, Mdm Jiang’s FIS Account suffered a loss of
US$2,338,278.68. EFG Bank denied liability for the losses and consequently Mdm
Jiang commenced this action by way of writ on 15 December 2009, seeking
recovery of the said sum of US$2,338,278.68 from EFG Bank on the principal
basis that the 160 transactions were executed without her knowledge or
consent.

EFG Bank’s case

14 From 15 December 2009 until 28 March 2011 (the first day of the trial), in
its Defence, EFG Bank specifically denied Mdm Jiang’s assertion in her
Statement of Claim that the 160 transactions were executed without her
knowledge or consent and instead alleged that Mdm Jiang “ _was aware, of each
and every one of the transactions that were carried out under the FIS Account_
”.[note: 9] On the premise that the 160 transactions were authorised, EFG Bank
further alleged that although Mdm Jiang had received all the transaction
confirmation slips in respect of the 160 transactions as well as the other
bank statements (collectively “the transaction documents”), she did not
protest that the 160 transactions were unauthorised. Consequently EFG Bank
asserted that Mdm Jiang was “ _estopped_ from now denying that the trades were
authorised”.[note: 10]

15 Conspicuously, no particulars of estoppel were pleaded. Neither did EFG
Bank plead any specific clause in the Agreement in support of the estoppel
defence. In fact the only clauses of the Agreement pleaded by EFG Bank in its
Defence were cll 6 and 8 of the Account Mandate and Trading Terms which dealt
with investment advice provided by EFG Bank and its entitlement to charge fees
for services rendered to Mdm Jiang.

16 On 28 March 2011, in its Opening Statement, counsel for EFG Bank, Mr Siraj
Omar (“Mr Omar”), made a complete about-turn and conceded that, “[t]he Bank
_does not have any record of specific instructions_ given by Mdm Jiang in
respect of the Transactions”.[note: 11]

17 Upon EFG Bank’s admission that it did not have any record of written
instructions or voice logs of specific instructions given by Mdm Jiang in
relation to the 160 transactions, it became clear that EFG Bank accepted _for
the first time_ that the 160 transactions were in fact unauthorised. Arising
from EFG Bank’s admission, Mr Lawrence Quahe, counsel for Mdm Jiang (“Mr
Quahe”) was able to streamline the causes of action pursued by Mdm Jiang to an
action for breach of the Agreement; abandoning the alternative causes of
action for breach of fiduciary duties, breach of implied terms, breach of duty
of care and undue influence. In support of her original causes of action, Mdm
Jiang engaged the services of an expert witness, Ms Janice Chua Bee Lian (“Ms
Chua”) whose expertise in fraud prevention and corporate risk management was
procured to assist the court on the prevailing private banking practices in
Singapore. She submitted an expert report, _inter alia_ , to demonstrate that
the prevailing industry practice dictated that EFG Bank should have obtained
and recorded the instructions or authorisation from Mdm Jiang prior to the
execution of any of the 160 transactions in respect of her non-discretionary
FIS Account. [note: 12] As regards Mdm Jiang’s breach of duty claim, Ms Chua
provided a comparative analysis of EFG Bank’s conduct, the prevailing industry
practice and safeguards commonly put in place in relation to, _inter alia_ , a
non English speaking client, compliance with the client’s risk profile and the
frequency and mailing of transaction documents. However, following EFG Bank’s
admission that the 160 transactions were in fact unauthorised, Ms Chua’s
testimony was no longer necessary and was therefore not adduced. In light of
the mandatory requirement of instructions in respect of her non-discretionary
FIS Account, Mdm Jiang submitted that the unauthorised transactions were void
and that EFG Bank should bear the loss of US$2,338,278.68 occasioned by the
160 transactions.

18 Having conceded that the 160 transactions were unauthorised, EFG Bank’s
defence at trial was that by reason of receipt of all the transaction
documents, pursuant to the conclusive evidence clauses set out in the
Agreement under cll 3.1and 3.2, as well as the presumption of delivery of the
transaction documents under cl 4 of the General Conditions, Mdm Jiang was
precluded from disputing the unauthorised transactions. What was regrettable
was the glaring omission that EFG Bank had failed to plead cll 3.1, 3.2 or 4
of the General Conditions which formed the heart of its defence at the trial.

19 Mdm Jiang claimed that prior to April 2009 she did not receive any of the
transaction documents from EFG Bank save for the 18 documents she had received
from 29 July 2008 to 5 January 2009.[note: 13] Of the 18 documents received by
Mdm Jiang, 12 were transaction confirmation slips while the remaining six were
non-transactional in nature. Of the 160 transactions listed in Schedule A of
the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1), Mdm Jiang accepted that she received
the transaction confirmation slips for the unauthorised transactions listed as
serial numbers 1, 19, 20, 51, 57, 58, 61, 62, 75, 76, 77 and 86.[note: 14]
Contrarily, EFG Bank submitted that all the transaction documents for the 160
transactions were sent by ordinary mail to Mdm Jiang.

Discovery of the internal protocols relating to EFG Bank’s mail system

20 An understanding of the factual background of this dispute would not be
complete without a detailed review of the discovery process in respect of the
various internal protocols of EFG Bank. It was common ground between the
parties that in order to rely on cll 3.1 and 3.2, cl 4 of the General
Conditions must first be satisfied. While EFG Bank pleaded that all of the
transaction documents were sent by ordinary mail to Mdm Jiang, only _at the
trial_ did it rely on cl 4 to argue that Mdm Jiang was deemed to have received
them. This was because prior to the commencement of the trial, EFG Bank’s case
was that the 160 transactions were validly authorised by Mdm Jiang.

21 Prior to the trial, Mdm Jiang sought discovery of a wide range of EFG
Bank’s internal documents including its internal protocols relating to the “
_post mailing system of the Defendant with respect to the transmission of
account statements, transaction confirmation slips and other relevant
documents to local and overseas clients of the Defendant_ ”.[note: 15] Mdm
Jiang requested discovery of EFG Bank’s internal protocols including the
protocol relating to its postal mailing system on three separate
occasions:[note: 16]

(a) By a letter dated 1 April 2010, Mdm Jiang’s solicitors requested EFG Bank
to disclose a range of documents including its internal protocol relating to
the postal mailing system. In reply, in a letter dated 26 April 2010, EFG
Bank’s solicitors took the position that the internal protocols (_even if they
existed_) were irrelevant and privileged.

(b) Mdm Jiang then filed an application pursuant to Summons No 2174/2010 on 17
May 2010 for discovery of the internal protocols. EFG Bank stated that the160
transactions were _authorised_ and thereby the internal protocols were
irrelevant. The Assistant Registrar (“AR”) agreed with EFG Bank and dismissed
the application on the ground of _irrelevance_ as the issue relating to
posting or receipt of the transaction documents did not arise from the
pleadings.

(c) On 16 September 2010, Mdm Jiang then amended her Statement of Claim to
include a claim against EFG Bank for breach of an implied term in failing,
_inter alia_ , to “implement processes and procedures to ensure prompt
confirmation of transactions to facilitate timely detection of unauthorised
transactions”.[note: 17] This amendment was introduced in an effort to bring
the internal protocol relating to the postal mailing system into issue to
warrant discovery of the same. The application for specific discovery pursuant
to Summons No 5921/2010 was filed on 21 December 2010. The AR again dismissed
Mdm Jiang’s application on the ground of _irrelevance_.

22 In the affidavit filed by Mr Ong to resist the discovery applications,
there was no mention that no such written protocol existed. At the discovery
hearing, Mr Omar highlighted to the AR that “ _the touchstone_ [of any
discovery application] _is relevance and this is determined by the pleadings_
”.[note: 18] Mr Omar’s main submission to oppose the discovery applications
was that since the 160 transactions were “ _not unauthorised_ ”, _ie_
“authorised”, the internal protocols would not be able to address the issue of
whether the transactions were authorised.

23 It became clear on the first day of the trial that the discovery
applications were successfully resisted by EFG Bank on the wrong and somewhat
disingenuous premise that the 160 transactions were authorised. EFG Bank would
have known by the time of the discovery applications or even by the time of
the request from Mdm Jiang’s solicitors that the 160 transactions were
unauthorised. It would have been plain and obvious to EFG Bank by then that
there were no written or oral instructions to support the 160 transactions
since it had initiated investigations in September 2009, long before the first
discovery application was filed. It was on the basis that the 160 transactions
were authorised that the ARs found on two separate occasions that the internal
protocols were irrelevant. More will be said about the discovery of the
internal protocols when I evaluate the quality and reliability of EFG Bank’s
sole witness for the trial, Mr Ong.

The issues

24 Following EFG Bank’s long overdue admission that the160 transactions were
unauthorised, the remaining issues for determination are as follows:

(a)

Whether EFG Bank has discharged the burden of proof that the transaction
documents were sent to Mdm Jiang?

(b)

Whether cll 3.1 and 3.2 of the General Conditions cover unauthorised
transactions carried out by EFG Bank’s own employee?

(c)

If cll 3.1 and 3.2 cover unauthorised transactions carried out by EFG Bank’s
own employee, whether they are unenforceable under the Unfair Contract Terms
Act (Cap 396, 1994 Rev Ed) (“UCTA”)?

(d)

Whether, on the facts of this case, it was unconscionable for EFG Bank to rely
on cll 3.1 and 3.2 to exclude liability for the unauthorised 160 transactions?

25 I will address each of these issues _in seriatim_.

Were the transaction documents sent to Mdm Jiang

Burden of Proof

26 Mdm Jiang claimed that prior to April 2009, she did not receive any of the
transaction documents save for the 18 documents received between the period of
29 July 2008 and 5 January 2009\. As stated above, on the other hand, EFG Bank
alleged that all of the transaction documents were sent by ordinary mail and
relied on cl 4 of the General Conditions which provides as follows:

4All statements, confirmations and other communications from the Bank as well
as correspondence or notifications received from third parties relating to the
Account, including any documents which may have legal consequences to the
Client ... _shall be deemed to have been validly given to the Client upon
actual delivery by hand or by mailing_ [them] _by ordinary mail_ to the last
address supplied by the Client for this purpose or by sending it in any other
manner (including fax) as the Bank may reasonably consider appropriate. The
date of issue appearing on any statement or communication from the Bank or in
the case of third party communications the date specified on the copy (if any)
retained by the Bank or otherwise in the dispatch list in the possession of
the Bank shall be considered to be the date of delivery in the case of
Correspondence sent by post, and in the case of fax transmission the date
shown in the Bank’s transmission record shall be the applicable date of
delivery.

[emphasis added]

27 As this was essentially a factual inquiry, it would be useful to first
address the question as to which party bore the burden of proof of posting. In
_Pertamina Energy Trading Limited v Credit Suisse_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 273 (“
_Pertamina_ ”), the Court of Appeal followed _Ri Jong Son v Development Bank
of Singapore Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 824 (“ _Ri Jong Son_ ”) at [65] and held
that prior to undertaking any analysis of the relevant conclusive evidence
clause, the defendant bank bore the burden of first proving that the account
statements were effectively dispatched. In the face of such a clear statement
of the law, Mr Omar conceded that the burden was indeed on EFG Bank to prove
on a balance of probabilities that the transaction documents were sent by
ordinary mail to Mdm Jiang and that failure to discharge the burden would be
fatal to EFG Bank’s entire defence.

28 Before embarking on a detailed analysis of cl 4, it is apposite to mention
that cl 4 was not specifically pleaded by EFG Bank. This was probably another
reason why the ARs ruled that the internal protocols were irrelevant.

Ambit of clause 4

29 As a preliminary point, Mr Quahe raised the argument that cl 4 did not
apply to transaction confirmations:

(a) He highlighted that while the term “Transaction Confirmation” is found in
cll 3.1 and 3.2 (this was strictly incorrect as cl 3.1 does not include this
term), the prefix “transaction” was missing from “confirmation” in cl 4.[note:
19] On this premise, he submitted that from the standpoint of the reasonable
business person surveying the Agreement, the term “confirmation” in cl 4 would
not be wide enough to include transaction confirmations.

(b) Secondly, applying the objective principle, Mr Quahe further submitted
that the omission of the prefix “transaction” from “confirmation” in cl 4
should be construed as the deliberate intention of the parties to exclude
transaction confirmations from the ambit of cl 4.

(c) Thirdly, he alluded to the perverse situation that could arise if
“customers of a bank could be exposed to indeterminate liability by the mere
fact that a transaction confirmation slip or statement was sent to the
customer at the last known address and was not challenged within the time
prescribed”.[note: 20] He submitted that this eventuality could be avoided if
cl 4 was interpreted to exclude transaction confirmations. The illustration of
a Singapore Armed Forces serviceman away on a relief mission unable to
challenge otherwise unauthorised transaction confirmations within the 30-day
window was advanced in support of the unreasonable outcome hypothesis.

(d) The crux of Mr Quahe’s argument was that the deliberate omission of
“transaction” from the general breed of “confirmations” referred to under cl 4
was to avoid such a perverse outcome. Mr Quahe submitted that, if cl 4 were
determined not to apply to transaction confirmations, EFG Bank would have to
prove on the balance of probabilities that the transaction confirmations for
the 160 transactions were in fact sent and delivered to Mdm Jiang.

30 Mr Omar submitted that the effect of cl 4 was straightforward. If EFG Bank
was able to show that the transaction documents were sent to Mdm Jiang by way
of one of the modes of delivery set out therein, by operation of cl 4, the
transaction documents would be deemed to have been validly sent and delivered
to Mdm Jiang. Mr Omar submitted that it was clear that cl 4 was wide enough to
encompass all of the transaction documents, including transaction
confirmations. While the precise term “transaction confirmation” may be absent
from cl 4, EFG Bank submitted that “transaction confirmations” would be
included under the phrase “documents which may have legal consequences to the
client [Mdm Jiang]”.

31 In my view, Mr Quahe’s interpretation of the omission of “transaction” from
“confirmation” in cl 4 was overly technical and ignored the fact, as rightly
pointed out by Mr Omar that transaction confirmations would fall under the
rubric of “documents which may have legal consequences”. It is undeniable that
the transaction confirmations forming the subject matter of this enquiry have
legal consequences to Mdm Jiang.

32 Additionally, while Mr Quahe sought to establish that the transaction
documents were not posted to Mdm Jiang because they might have been
intercepted by Mr Ng or someone acting at his behest, it must be made clear
that Mdm Jiang has no burden to prove the interception. In other words, a
finding that EFG Bank had, on the evidence, failed to discharge the burden of
proof of posting was not tantamount to a finding that the transaction
documents were _in fact_ intercepted prior to posting to Mdm Jiang.

Proof of sending

33 Under cl 4, the transaction documents were deemed to have been validly
delivered to Mdm Jiang upon proof of one of the following modes of delivery:

(a)

actual delivery by hand; or

(b)

mailing by ordinary mail to the last known address of Mdm Jiang; or

(c)

any other manner which EFG Bank may reasonably consider appropriate. This
could encompass delivery by facsimile or electronic mail.

Upon delivery by any of the above modes, the dates of issue appearing on the
transaction documents shall be considered as the dates of delivery to Mdm
Jiang.

34 In the present case, EFG Bank relied on proof of posting by ordinary mail
and sought to discharge its burden of proof by calling its only witness, Mr
Ong, the Head of Operations, for the trial. EFG Bank did not adduce any other
form of evidence, written or through the testimony of other witnesses, to
prove and/or corroborate its case. EFG Bank was therefore content to rest its
_entire_ factual defence on one sole witness. All other personnel who had any
involvement with Mdm Jiang’s FIS Account (_ie_ Mr Ng, Ms Linda Lee and Ms
Alicia Ng who assisted Mr Ng and Ms Jessie Tan, Head of Private Banking, whom
Mr Ng reported to) had either been terminated by EFG Bank or had since left
its employ and were not called to testify on behalf of EFG Bank.[note: 21] The
quality of Mr Ong’s evidence was accordingly pivotal to EFG Bank’s defence.
Prior to my evaluation of the quality of Mr Ong’s evidence, it is perhaps
useful to review decisions where the same issue was considered to assist my
determination of whether the burden in this case has been satisfactorily
discharged.

35 In _Ri Jong Son_ , the plaintiff claimed that remittance instructions which
the defendant bank had complied with to transfer funds from an account bore
his forged signature and consequently sought a declaration that the transfer
was without his authority and of no legal effect. The defendant bank denied
liability and relied on its clause that all bank statements sent by post shall
be deemed to have been received by the plaintiff.

36 Ms Tan, an officer from the administration department of the defendant
bank, rather than the person who actually dealt with the mailing of
statements, testified in relation to the defendant bank’s procedure for
sending the weekly, quarterly and yearly statements of accounts to the bank’s
customers. She explained that based on the defendant bank’s procedure, she
believed that the disputed statements were duly generated and mailed to the
customer. In support, the defendant bank produced some computer generated
checklists in relation to the documents which were sent out. Ms Tan explained
that crosses were marked on a checklist by the mail room operators when they
had completed their jobs and ticks were marked on another checklist to
indicate that the documents had been posted. However, on examination of the
checklists, the court found that the entries in some of the checklists were
unmarked, some were marked with crosses but without ticks and none of the
markings were dated.

37 Under these circumstances, the court held that the person who dealt with
the statements and made the crosses and ticks would have been the appropriate
witness to explain the checklists. Further, although Ms Tan stated in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”) that the statements were sent to the
customer, she did not explain the basis and source of her belief or knowledge.
For these reasons, in _Ri Jong Son_ , the court held that Ms Tan’s evidence
was not sufficient to discharge the burden on the defendant bank of proof of
posting of the disputed statements.

38 In _Tjoa Elis v United Overseas Bank_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 747 (“ _Tjoa Elis_
”), the defendant bank had a two-part system in place for dispatching bank
statements to its customers. The first part involved the printing of
statements and the second part involved inserting these statements into
envelopes, sealing them and delivering them to the post office. While the
first part was carried out by the bank, the second part was carried out by a
third party, Datapost Pte Ltd (“Datapost”).

39 Evidence was given by the operations manager of Datapost as to how monthly
statements of account were printed and packed by the defendant bank and then
picked up by Datapost. A copy of the summary report was to be given to
Datapost when they picked up/collected the statements and Datapost would
produce a reconciliation report reflecting the total number of statements
processed by them. Although the evidence of the bank officer in charge of the
mailing system of the bank and the operations manager of Datapost was not
challenged, the plaintiff nevertheless submitted that the bank had failed to
discharge its burden of proof that the disputed statements were _in fact_
posted to the mailing address of the plaintiff. It was in this context that
Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was) observed at [34] that the plaintiff:

[C]ould not be serious in suggesting that there should be someone who could
testify that he or she remembered putting the particular statement... into an
envelope each month and then delivering it to Singpost, even though there may
be hundreds, if not thousands, of such statements.

40 Further, the plaintiff had admitted to receiving statements until the
beginning of 2000 and did not complain to the defendant bank when she ceased
to receive statements even though she admitted that she was very concerned
about not receiving her monthly statements. Under these circumstances, the
court in _Tjoa Elis_ had no hesitation in finding that the defendant bank had
indeed discharged its burden of proof that the disputed statements were sent
to the plaintiff.

41 From _Ri Jong Son_ and _Tjoa Elis_ , it is clear that the court’s focus was
rightly on the quality of the bank’s evidence when determining whether the
burden of proof as regards posting had been discharged. In _Ri Jong Son_ , the
court held that it was imperative for the bank’s witness (Ms Tan) to explain
the basis of her belief and knowledge of the bank’s mailing system and more
importantly, where the mailing system was capable of corroboration, evidence
was to be led from the person with the requisite personal knowledge. Crucially
in _Tjoa Elis_ , the evidence of the bank’s officer and Datapost on the
mailing system was not challenged by the customer. It is also relevant that in
_Tjoa Elis_ , independent evidence of the mailing system through Datapost
supported by the summary and reconciliation reports were adduced.

42 Turning our attention back to the present case, EFG Bank argued that all
the transaction documents were sent to Mdm Jiang at her stated address in the
account opening documents, namely, “Room 231, No. 27 Zongzhan Street, Heping
District, Shenyang, Liaoning, P R China”. Mdm Jiang confirmed in court that
this address was the correct one.[note: 22] Mdm Jiang had also acknowledged
that she received the 18 documents sent by EFG Bank over a period of five
months. Mdm Jiang’s receipt of the 18 documents was presented by EFG Bank as
sufficient evidence to support the submission that EFG Bank’s postal mailing
system was working properly and that the address to which the transaction
documents were sent was the correct one.

43 In its effort to discharge its burden of proof, EFG Bank submitted that Mr
Ong as Head of Operations was in charge of and had overall knowledge of, and
responsibility for its back room operations which included the system of
dispatching the transaction documents to customers including Mdm Jiang.
However, Mr Ong was extremely economical in his description of EFG Bank’s
mailing system in his AEIC and his evidence, unlike _Tjoa Elis_ , was
challenged by Mdm Jiang. The sum total of his evidence on EFG Bank’s mailing
system was limited to one brief paragraph in his AEIC:

27Once the transactions have been executed, it is keyed into the Bank’s system
and the backroom operations staff sends a transaction confirmation directly to
the customer. The Bank’s practice of sending the confirmations directly to the
customer (and not via the CRO) is a form of check to ensure that the
transactions were correctly executed. The Bank would expect the customer to
highlight any error in transactions upon receipt of the confirmations.

44 Mr Ong did not provide any basis for his belief or knowledge of EFG Bank’s
mailing system. No corroborative evidence whatsoever was adduced. Under cross-
examination, additional details of EFG Bank’s mailing system were revealed. Mr
Ong testified that:[note: 23]

(a) He did not have personal knowledge that the transaction documents were in
fact mailed to Mdm Jiang’s address.

(b) Every morning, the transaction confirmations would be automatically
downloaded into the system which was located within a controlled environment
in EFG Bank’s Operations Room. Only members of the Operations Department
(including the CEO of EFG Bank) had access to the system. A designated person
from the Operations Department, one Mr Selva, who was in charge of the mail
room at all material times, would access the controlled room, print out all
the downloaded transaction confirmations, sort them out by way of the
different accounts and place them into envelopes.

(c) Mr Selva would then bring the mail to the receptionist for franking after
which the mail would be returned to Mr Selva, placed in a mail bag and then
sent to Singapore Post’s branch at UOB Centre. All this was apparently done on
a daily basis by Mr Selva.

(d) The Client Relationship Officers (“CROs”) of EFG Bank including Mr Ng did
not have access to the controlled room. The transaction documents were sent
out on daily basis directly by the Operations Department without any
involvement of the CROs.

45 In re-examination Mr Ong volunteered additional information. He testified
that all transaction confirmations would be downloaded into a spool file on a
daily basis. Mr Selva would then check to ensure that the total number of
downloaded transaction confirmations tallied with the quantity printed
out.[note: 24]

46 I have noted that none of the above details were stated in Mr Ong’s AEIC.
From Mr Ong’s testimony in court, it appeared to me that the integrity of the
mailing system was largely if not solely dependant on Mr Selva and yet EFG
Bank failed to call Mr Selva (he was still with EFG Bank at the time of the
trial) as a witness. Mr Quahe submitted that Mr Selva was the best person to
shed light on the mailing system as described by Mr Ong. I agree. Further, the
receptionist could also have been called to corroborate Mr Ong’s evidence on
the alleged segregation of duties between “the front and back offices”.

47 Mr Quahe also submitted that even taking Mr Ong’s evidence at face value,
there must be some record of the daily automatic downloading of the
transaction confirmations into the spool file to corroborate his testimony,
but none was produced. In addition, EFG Bank also failed to produce any record
of the limited access to the controlled environment of its Operations Room
alluded to by Mr Ong. EFG Bank could also have called other CRO(s) to confirm
Mr Ong’s evidence that CRO(s) were not involved in the mail process at the
material time or at all. It was immediately apparent to me that while EFG Bank
had ample opportunity to adduce evidence to substantiate or corroborate Mr
Ong’s evidence, curiously enough, it failed to do so completely. Finally, cl 4
(excerpted at [26]) referred to a “ _dispatch list_ ”. Again EFG Bank did not
disclose any records of the dispatch list. Instead, it elected to rely solely
on the evidence of Mr Ong.

48 Quite apart from the fact that Mr Ong did not explain the source of his
belief or knowledge of the alleged mailing system of EFG Bank either in his
AEIC or his oral testimony, I entertained serious doubts about the reliability
of his evidence. When he was questioned about the average number of daily
transactions in July 2008, he estimated that it was between 20 to 30
transactions.[note: 25] However, on my direction, after checking EFG Bank’s
records, he corrected himself that actually about 200 transactions were
carried out per day.[note: 26] Perhaps it may not be fair to Mr Ong to
attribute too much weight to this discrepancy.

49 However what was more troubling was his evidence in relation to EFG Bank’s
internal protocol relating to the mailing of transaction documents. As
explained in ([20]–[23]) above, EFG Bank had successfully resisted discovery
of the internal protocol on the ground that it was not relevant. As observed
earlier, when the discovery applications were heard before the ARs, EFG Bank’s
case was that all the 160 transactions were authorised and cll 3.1, 3.2 and 4
of the General Conditions were not even expressly pleaded. However, when it
became clear on the first day of the trial that these clauses were pivotal to
the defence, the relevance of EFG Bank’s internal protocol relating to the
mailing system was unquestionable. Under these changed circumstances, I
directed Mr Ong to produce the internal protocol and he agreed to do so with
the concurrence of Mr Omar.[note: 27] However, the following day, Mr Omar
informed the court that he was instructed that there was no such _written_
protocol.[note: 28]

50 This was an entirely unsatisfactory development given that EFG Bank had
resisted discovery on the ground of irrelevance on three separate occasions
without once stating that there was no such written protocol to begin with. By
informing the court that no such written protocol existed despite having
earlier informed the court that the protocol would be disclosed, Mr Ong either
did not have adequate knowledge of EFG Bank’s mailing system or decided to
withhold disclosure because it would be adverse to EFG Bank.

51 Giving Mr Ong the benefit of doubt, at the very least, his knowledge of EFG
Bank’s mailing system was less than satisfactory or plainly unreliable. How
could the Head of the Operations Department who purported to testify on EFG
Bank’s mailing system not know whether a written protocol for the mailing
system existed? Why did EFG Bank fail to inform the court and Mdm Jiang at any
stage of the lengthy discovery process that no written protocol existed for
the mailing system? Viewed in this context, it was indeed puzzling that EFG
Bank elected not to call other available witnesses to substantiate or
corroborate Mr Ong’s evidence. Furthermore no reason was offered to explain
its decision not to call the other _available_ witnesses.

52 Unlike the production of the checklists in _Ri Jong Son_ (which was held to
be unsatisfactory upon the court’s examination) or the summary and
reconciliation reports in _Tjoa Elis_ , there was no objective evidence
forthcoming from EFG Bank of any system to verify whether all the transaction
documents were posted to Mdm Jiang. Again, in light of the shortcomings of Mr
Ong’s evidence, while in re-examination he alluded to the fact that Mr Selva
would check to ensure that the downloaded documents tallied with the printed
quantity, this was not corroborated at all. As the daily quantity of post was
about 200 and not 20 to 30 transaction confirmations as was initially but
incorrectly estimated, I would have thought that there should have been some
kind of checklist or dispatch list as provided for in cl 4 and yet none was
provided. At the very least, Mr Selva should have been called as a witness.

53 Mr Omar’s submission was that since Mdm Jiang had admitted to receiving the
18 documents, her admission in and of itself was proof that EFG Bank’s mailing
system was working properly and therefore she must have received the rest of
the transaction documents. First, under the customer profile information, Mdm
Jiang had instructed EFG Bank to send the statement of accounts to her on an
annual basis.[note: 29] Mr Ong agreed that this meant that the statement of
account should have been sent to Mdm Jiang in January of each year.[note: 30]
Yet Mdm Jiang gave unchallenged evidence that she was provided with a
statement of account dated April 2010 at her specific request because she was
not provided with any statement of accounts prior to 1 April 2010. This
corroborated her evidence that she did not receive the transaction documents
save for the 18 documents. Further, as a matter of simple logic there was no
reason for Mdm Jiang to deny receiving the rest of the transaction documents
after having admitted to receiving the 18 documents since it was not disputed
that Mr Ng knew that she did not understand the nature of the transaction
documents. In other words, since Mdm Jiang did not understand the nature of
the transaction documents, there was no reason for her to have selected the 18
documents which she admittedly received and none was suggested by Mr Omar.

54 Mdm Jiang further testified that when she received the first batch of the
18 documents, she contacted Mr Ng to enquire about the status of the documents
as she did not understand them. Mdm Jiang stated in her Supplemental AEIC that
she asked Mr Ng whether the documents were supposed to be balance sheets of
her FIS Account to which Mr Ng answered in the negative.[note: 31] This was
also not challenged.

55 I have also examined the 18 documents myself and it was not apparent to me
on the face of the 18 documents that Mdm Jiang’s FIS Account had incurred any
loss from any of the unauthorised transactions. Her evidence that Mr Ng
informed her that the documents related to her deposits or to her one-off
conversion of the FIS monies to Australian Dollars was not challenged either.
In any event, it was not suggested to Mdm Jiang that she knew or ought to have
known from the 18 documents that Mr Ng had engaged in unauthorised
transactions on her behalf. Finally, unlike _Tjoa Elis_ where the plaintiff
did not request for her bank statements after she ceased receiving them, Mdm
Jiang testified that she had requested, to no end, on several occasions
between August 2008 and April 2009, that Mr Ng provide her with her account
balance statements and the same were eventually provided _only_ in April 2009.

56 Having carefully considered the evidence adduced by EFG Bank through Mr
Ong, I find that EFG Bank has failed to discharge its burden of proof that the
transaction documents were sent and therefore the presumption of delivery as
provided for in cl 4 of the General Conditions did not arise.

57 As EFG Bank’s substantive defence, premised on the legal effect of cll 3.1
and 3.2, was entirely dependent on establishing proof of posting under cl 4,
my finding that the burden of proof has not been discharged effectively
disposes of its defence. On this ground alone, Mdm Jiang’s claim is allowed as
it is common ground that the 160 transactions were all unauthorised.

58 For completeness, I shall nonetheless consider the applicability of cll 3.1
and 3.2 to exclude EFG Bank’s liability for the 160 transactions, on the
premise that the transaction documents were in fact posted to Mdm Jiang.

The conclusive evidence clauses

59 EFG Bank’s defence was ultimately based on cll 3.1 and 3.2 of the General
Conditions which provide as follows:

3.1Subject to paragraph 3.2, the Bank shall send the Client _periodic_
confirmations or advices of all Transactions _carried out by the Client and/or
the Authorised Representative_ and all deposits placed with, and cleared by,
the Bank for the account of the Client, and periodic statements reflecting
such Transactions and balances in the Account. The Client undertakes to
carefully examine and verify the correctness of each confirmation, advice and
statement of account and agrees that reliance may only be placed upon original
confirmations, advices, and/or statements of account issued by the Bank. The
Client further undertakes to inform the Bank promptly in writing and in any
event within fourteen (14) days from the date of any such confirmation or
advice, and within thirty (30) days from the date of such statements of
account, of _any discrepancies, omissions, incorrect or inaccurate entries_ in
the Account or the contents of any confirmation, advice or statement of
account or the _execution or non-execution of any order_ , failing which the
Bank may deem the Client to have approved the original confirmations, advices
or statements of account as sent by the Bank to the Client, in which case they
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Client without any further proof that
the Account is and all entries therein and the execution of all Transactions
are correct, and _the Client shall be deemed to have waived all Claims against
the Bank in respect of the Account and all such Transactions, even if the Bank
had not exercised the usual diligence in relation thereto_.

3.2A _Transaction Confirmation_ in respect of each Transaction concluded will
be sent to the Client in the same manner as any other confirmation no later
than the end of the next Business Day after the date upon which the relevant
Transaction is entered into. The details contained in the Transaction
Confirmation shall be evidence of the particulars of the Transaction concluded
between the Bank and the Client and shall be binding and conclusive on the
Client. The Client must notify the Bank in writing within fourteen (14)
Business Days after the date of the relevant Transaction of _any claimed
discrepancy between the Instructions and the Transaction Confirmation_. The
Bank may deal with the matter in such manner as the Bank may in its sole and
absolute discretion consider appropriate, and if no such notification is
received by the Bank in writing within the time stipulated, the Client will be
deemed to have waived all further rights to raise any objection or query
thereto, and to have waived all Claims against the Bank in respect of the
relevant Transaction, even if the Bank had not exercised the usual diligence
in relation thereto.

[emphasis added]

60 Conclusive evidence clauses, such as cll 3.1 and 3.2, impose two concurrent
duties on EFG Bank’s customers. First, it places the onus on the customers to
verify their bank statements and second, it requires the customers to notify
the bank if there is any discrepancy (See _Pertamina_ at [68]). If the
customer fails to do so within the stipulated time, he or she would be
precluded from challenging the correctness of the statement.

61 It is critical to stress that a defence under conclusive evidence clauses
such as cll 3.1 and 3.2 is a contractual defence which is _separate_ and
_distinct_ from estoppel. In fact, as illustrated in _Pertamina_ at [72?85],
the defence of the bank under the conclusive evidence clause succeeded while
the alternative estoppel defence failed on the evidence. In _Pertamina_ ,
despite the fact that the Court of Appeal found that the appellant was aware
of the unauthorised transactions, the estoppel defence nevertheless failed
simply because the respondent had failed to plead and prove any detriment
arising from the appellant’s silence. It is instructive that the Court of
Appeal remarked at [85] that to rely on estoppel, the party must “(a) plead
and identify what steps it would have taken and (b) prove that it would have
had a real chance of protecting or improving its situation and that it would
have taken that chance”. This was not done by EFG Bank and might explain why
Mr Omar readily accepted that estoppel was not made out on the evidence before
the court.[note: 32]

62 In the present case, in spite of the fact that EFG Bank recognised that the
transactions were in fact unauthorised, and therefore knowing that its defence
was entirely based on cll 3.1 and 3.2, it was unfortunate, to say the least,
that these clauses and similarly cl 4, were not specifically pleaded.

63 EFG Bank was in effect pursuing a defence at the trial which was not
specifically pleaded and in fact ran counter to its pleaded case. This
objection, though mentioned by Mr Quahe in passing during the oral closing
submissions, was not seriously pursued before me. In any event, as the
rationale underpinning rules relating to pleadings relates to guarding against
prejudice and surprise, and since full submissions were made by both counsel
on this issue which is essentially a question of construction and law, I shall
consider whether the defence has been made out notwithstanding its lack of
specific pleading and EFG Bank’s failure to satisfy the burden of proof of
posting ([42]–[58]).

64 My analysis of the conclusive evidence clause defence entails an
examination of the rationale and genesis of such clauses and the appropriate
construction of cll 3.1 and 3.2. The question of whether they were worded
sufficiently wide to exclude liability for unauthorised transactions carried
out by EFG Bank’s own employees is central to this analysis. I will also
examine, as a matter of public policy, whether banks should be able to exclude
liability for the fraud or unauthorised dealings of its employees even if the
clauses were wide enough to encompass such a situation.

Genesis and rationale of conclusive evidence clauses

65 It is a feature of any banking relationship that banks would periodically
send various types of correspondence including statements of accounts and
transaction confirmation slips to their customers. Given the sheer volume of
such correspondence, it is perhaps inevitable that mistakes and errors may
occur at times, however uncommon they might be. The following passage by Lord
Scarman in _Tai Hing Cotton Mill Ltd v Liu Chong Hing Bank Ltd and others_
[1986] AC 80 at 106 (“ _Tai Hing Cotton_ ”) acknowledged that the risk of a
bank paying without legal mandate was a necessary incident of the service
inherent in the customer-banker relationship:

One can fully understand ... that the banks must today look for protection. So
be it. They can increase the severity of their terms of business, and they can
use their influence, as they have it the past, to seek to persuade the
legislature that they should be granted by statute further protection. _But it
does not follow that because they may need protection as their business
expands the necessary incidents of their relationship with their customer must
also change. The business of banking is the business not of the customer but
of the bank_. They offer a service ... [i]f they pay out upon cheques which
are not his [the customer], they are acting outside of their mandate and
cannot plead his [the customer] authority in justification of their debit to
his account. _This is a risk of the service which it is their business to
offer_.

[emphasis added]

66 As early as 1909 in _The Kepitigalla Rubber Estates Limited v The National
Bank of India Limited_ [1909] 2 KB 1010 (“ _Kepitigalla_ ”), Bray J held that
in the absence of any express agreement, a customer does not owe a duty to the
bank to check his bank statements. In _Tai Hing Cotton_ , the Privy Council
held that in the absence of properly drafted provisions in the banking
documentation, the common law would not impose a direct duty on the customers
to verify their bank statements for discrepancies as a means to exclude
liability of the bank. Following the Privy Council, an identical position was
also adopted by the Supreme Court of Canada in _Canadian Pacific Hotels Ltd_ v
_Bank of Montreal_ [1988] 40 DLR (4th) 385. Similarly, the Malaysian Supreme
Court in _United Asian Bank Bhd_ v _Tai Soon Heng Construction Sdn Bhd_ [1993]
1 MLJ 182 remarked at 189:

[A]t common law, in the absence of a contract to the contract, [no] duty [is]
imposed upon the customer to inspect his periodical bank statements to ensure
that his account [is] being properly maintained by the bank.

67 Banks have traditionally attempted to shift the consequences of such errors
onto their customers. However, this desired outcome could only be achieved if
there was a duty on the customer to check and verify the statements received
from the bank. Persistent attempts by banks to persuade courts to impose this
direct duty on customers have met with outright failure all over the
Commonwealth. In fact, _Tai Hing Cotton_ has been referred to or followed in
principle in a number of Commonwealth jurisdictions wherein absent a
contractual provision to the effect, customers are not duty bound to inform
the bank of discrepancies or errors in their bank statements: see _Fried v
National Australia Bank Ltd_ [2001] 111 FCR 322; _National Bank of New Zealand
Ltd v Walpole and Patterson Ltd_ [1975] 2 NZLR 7; _Canadian Pacific Hotels Ltd
v Bank of Montreal_ [1987] 40 DLR (4th) 385; _Canara Bank v Canara Sales
Corporation_ [1987] (2) AIR SC 1603; _Big Dutchman (South Africa) v Barclays
National_ Bank [1979] (3) SA 267 (WLD.) at 283; _Holzman v Standard Bank_
[1985] (1) SA 360 (WLD) at 363. In fact, in _Pertamina_ at [54], the Court of
Appeal observed in _obiter_ that the court should be slow to intervene and
imply a term into a contract as a matter of law, that a customer is under a
general duty not to facilitate fraud by his negligence and that also, such an
implied duty “lacked precise definition as to its scope and content.”

68 The steadfast reluctance of the courts to impose this direct duty on
customers has resulted in banks taking it upon themselves to contractually
create the customer’s duty to check bank statements; taking the form of terms
commonly known as verification or conclusive evidence clauses. Of historical
interest is the fact that the introduction of these clauses in Singapore was
pioneered by Bank of America, heralding from the United States, where
statutory protection under Art 406(c) of the Uniform Commercial Code (“UCC”)
expressly legitimises the incorporation of conclusive evidence clauses in
banking contracts. However, no equivalent statutory instrument exists in
Singapore.

69 In contrast, it is worth mentioning that paying heed to strong consumer
protection cultures, banks in the United Kingdom and Australia appear to have
refrained from incorporating such clauses in their banking documentation.
Benjamin Geva in “Allocation of Forged Cheque Losses – Comparative aspects,
policies and a model for reform” (1998) Law Quarterly Review 250 at 252
remarked, in general, that banks in the United Kingdom are reluctant to
incorporate such clauses in their standard form account agreements. The UK Law
Commission on Contributory Negligence as a Defence in Contract (London: Law
Com No 219, 1993) at [5.21] also stated that:

[A]s we pointed out in the consultation paper, it is open to banks to
stipulate in their contracts, subject to UCTA, that the customer should take
reasonable precautions to prevent forged cheques being presented, or to check
bank statements. **As we have already said, a number of respondents thought
that this point was important and suggested that the reason that banks did not
do this was fear of losing business in a competitive market** …

[emphasis added]

70 In _National Bank of Australia v Hokit Pty Ltd_ [1996] 39 NSWLR 377 at
405–406, resisting the attempt to impose a direct duty on customers, the New
South Wales Court of Appeal observed:

It has always been open to banks to contract upon the basis of an express term
imposing the duty contended for on the customer. **No doubt for good
commercial reasons the bank in the present case has not elected to take that
course**. It is inconceivable that it [the bank] would not have been aware of
the long line of authority rejecting the wider principle for which it argues
and where, in that authority rejecting the wider principle for which it argues
and where, in that knowledge, it declines to provide contractually for the
duty there appear to me to be no grounds to impose it on the customer.

[emphasis added]

71 Accordingly, cll 3.1 and 3.2 of the General Conditions should be construed
within the context of the creation and development of conclusive evidence
clauses, with the knowledge that such clauses essentially seek to protect the
bank’s inherent instinct to contractually shift the risk and corresponding
liability arising from _erroneous_ transactions to the customer.

72 Mr Omar cited several local decisions in support of the proposition that
conclusive evidence clauses similar to cll 3.1 and 3.2 have been construed to
exclude banks’ liability for unauthorised transactions such as those bearing
forged signatures of the customers. On the strength of his understanding of
those authorities, Mr Omar advanced the argument that EFG Bank was not liable
for the 160 admittedly unauthorised transactions on the mistaken belief that
the transaction documents were posted (the contrary was found at [42] to [58]
above). Notwithstanding, I will turn my attention to review the relevant
authorities to determine whether, in theory, they support EFG Bank’s
submission.

An overview of the case law: judicial approach to construction of conclusive
evidence clauses

73 Poh Chu Chai’s Law of the Banker and Customer (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2004) at
854 states:

In carrying out the instructions of a customer, a banker acts under the
_mandate of the customer_ (_London Joint Stock Bank Ltd v Macmillian & Arthur_
[1918] AC 777, per Lord Finlay L.C at 789; _Tai Hing Cotton_ per Lord Scarman
at 106.)

...

[I]f a bank fails to ensure that the requisite signatures are present on the
instructions given to the bank, the bank has no authority from the customer to
carry out the instructions.

[emphasis added]

74 It is important to note that a bank in making payment on cheques drawn by
its customers acts upon the mandate given by its customer. The mandate comes
into operation when the customer issues a cheque or other order or direction.
If the customer’s signature is forged or unauthorised, pursuant to s 24 of the
Bills of Exchange Act (Cap 23, 2004 Rev Ed), the signature is inoperative.
Hence in the absence of a common law or contractual duty to inform the bank of
errors and discrepancies, the bank has no mandate to pay on the forged cheques
and is consequently liable to the customer if it does so.

75 Forged instructions vitiate the customer’s mandate. However, the customer’s
express agreement to accept the duty to alert the bank of discrepancies by way
of conclusive evidence clauses has acted as a shield to banks’ liability in
some instances. The pertinent question is if unauthorised transactions by
reason of forgery have been found to be within the reach of conclusive
evidence clauses, why should the 160 unauthorised transactions in the instant
case be treated any differently? For this reason, it was imperative to examine
the cases where the relevant clauses have been found to exclude the liability
of the defendant banks for paying against cheques bearing forged signatures or
otherwise unauthorised transactions.

76 In _Consmat Singapore (Pte) Ltd v Bank of America National Trust & Savings
Association_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 195 (“ _Consmat_ ”) the plaintiff company was a
customer of the defendant bank. From May 1982 to March 1983, the defendant
bank honoured and paid out fifteen forged cheques (by an unknown individual)
totalling $94, 355.32. The relevant conclusive evidence clause stated:

I/We hereby undertake to verify the correctness of each statement of account
and accompanying cheques or vouchers received from you and to inform you
within seven (7) days from the receipt of any discrepancies, omissions or
debits wrongly made to or inaccuracies or incorrect entries in the account as
so stated and that at the end of the said period of seven (7) days the account
as kept by you shall be conclusive evidence without any further proof that,
_except_ as to any alleged errors so notified and _any payments made on forged
or unauthorised indorsements_ , the account is and entries therein are
correct, and except as provided above you shall be free from all claims in
respect of the account.

[emphasis added]

77 The conclusive evidence clause in _Consmat_ relieved the defendant bank of
_all_ claims in respect of “any discrepancies, omissions or debits wrongly
made to or inaccuracies or incorrect entries in the account” subject only to
two specific exceptions of which “payments made on forged or unauthorised
indorsements” was one. However, following the majority’s reasoning in the
Canadian Supreme Court decision of _Arrow Transfer Co Ltd v Royal Bank of
Canada_ (1972) 27 DLR (3d) 81, L P Thean J at [19] held that this exception
only related to forged indorsements and not to forged signatures of the
drawer. His rationale for the distinction was simply the recognition that “
_forged indorsements would not be apparent to the customer upon their
verifying the statement of account and the cheques, as contrasted with forged
signatures on the cheques_ ”. Given that this exception was not applicable, he
held that the 15 forged cheques fell within the scope of “debits wrongly made”
or “incorrect entries in the account”. However, there was no dispute in
_Consmat_ that the defendant bank in honouring the forged cheques had acted in
good faith unlike the present case when Mr Ng carried out the 160 transactions
knowingly without any instructions or approval from Mdm Jiang. I will explore
the issue of good faith in detail below at [103] –[104] . As such, the
reasoning adopted in _Consmat_ to construe forged cheques within the ambit of
“debits wrongly made” or “incorrect entries” does not assist EFG Bank in its
attempt to exclude liability for the 160 transactions executed in the absence
of instructions.

78 In _Tjoa Elis_ , the plaintiff’s account with the defendant bank had been
debited pursuant to fax instructions bearing her signature which was forged by
the plaintiff’s sister. The defendant bank paid against the allegedly forged
instructions and sought to rely on the following conclusive evidence clause:

The Account holder is under a duty to (i) monitor the balance of the Account
at all times (ii) examine all entries in the statement of account (iii) within
fourteen (14) days of the date of the statement of account notify the bank in
writing of any omission from or debits/credits wrongly made or made _without
authority_ or inaccurate entries in such Statement of Account; and (iv) sign
and return any confirmation slip, including any required for audit purposes
(if requested to do so).

If the Bank does not receive any written notification pursuant to Clause
4(b)(iii) within 21 days from the date of the Statement of Account, then, at
the end of the said 21 days, the Account as kept by the Bank shall be
conclusive evidence, without any further proof that except as to any alleged
errors so notified, the Accounts contains all credits that should be contained
therein and no debits that should not be contained therein and all the entries
therein are correct and further the Account Holder shall be bound by such
entries in the Account and the Bank shall be free from all claims in respect
of the Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank reserves the right
upon giving notice to the Account Holder to add to and/or alter the entries in
the Account in the event of missing and/or incorrect entries or amounts stated
therein.

[emphasis added]

79 Woo JC did not hesitate to find that the defendant bank had a valid defence
since the plaintiff failed to report the error in the bank’s statement of
accounts within the specified time. The relevant conclusive evidence clause in
_Tjoa Elis_ made specific reference to transactions “ _without authority_ ”,
covering cheques bearing forged signatures.

80 Next, in _Pertamina_ , the appellant deposited US$9 million in a deposit
account it had opened with the respondent bank. The appellant company also
authorised the bank to take instructions from its vice president of finance
and administration. The drawdown documents on the appellant’s credit facility
had been forged, permitting a transfer of US$8 million to a third party.
Subsequent bank statements were sent to the authorised signatory (the
appellant’s fraudulent employee) instead of the customer (appellant), pursuant
to a validly executed mail-redirection letter. The Court of Appeal held that
the appellant was to bear the legal consequences of its authorised signatory
diverting the bank statements to his home address, and that the respondent
bank was shielded from liability by reason of the conclusive evidence clause
which stated:

(b) To examine all statements of account, bank statements, printed forms,
deposit slips, credit advice notes, transaction advices and other documents
(hereinafter in this Clause referred to collectively as “statements”) supplied
by the Bank setting out transactions on any of the Accounts and agrees that
unless the Customer objects in writing to _any_ of the matters contained in
such statement within 14 days of the date of such statement, the Customer
shall be deemed conclusively to have accepted _all the matters_ contained in
such statement as true and accurate in all respects …

[emphasis added]

81 The clause relied upon by the defendant bank in _Pertamina_ was drafted
widely, covering “ _any_ ” and “ _all_ the matters contained in such
statement”. Given the width of the language used, the Court of Appeal held
that it encompassed unauthorised transactions by reason of forgery committed
by the customer’s agent.

82 Mr Omar also referred me to the decision of the High Court in _Stephan
Machinery Singapore Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1999] 2
SLR(R) 518 (“ _Stephan Machinery_ ”). In that case, the plaintiff had opened a
current account with the defendant bank and for the sake of convenience had
authorised the use of a facsimile signature for cheques drawn on the account.
One of the plaintiff’s employees had fraudulently misapplied the plaintiff’s
authorised facsimile signature on 57 of its cheques and subsequently encashed
them. The defendant bank denied liability and relied on the following
conclusive evidence clause:

A statement of the customer’s account generated by the Bank’s Computer (bank
statement) will be sent to the Customer every month unless there is no
transaction during that month. The customer shall be under a duty to examine
the entries in every bank statement and to report immediately to the bank if
there _are any errors or discrepancies_. If the customer does not within
fourteen days after the date of the bank statement object to _any of the
matters_ contained in such statements, _he shall be deemed conclusively to
have accepted all the matters_ contained in such statement as true and
accurate in all respects. Subject to the rights of the Customer to object as
aforesaid, the bank statement shall be accepted by the Customer as conclusive
evidence of the balance in the account and of the particulars of the account.

[emphasis added]

83 Lai Kew Chai J held that the plaintiff had agreed to the conclusiveness of
the bank statements and that it could not be allowed to breach its agreement
by asserting that the 57 debits were errors and discrepancies by operation of
the conclusive evidence clause. The court, in endorsing _Consmat_ , took the
position that forged cheques fell within the term “wrong debits” or “errors”
and held that the conclusive evidence clause was operative to exclude its
liability. However, similar to _Consmat_ , the loss in _Stephan Machinery_ ,
unlike the present case, was not caused by unauthorised trades of the bank’s
employee and consequently was of no assistance to EFG Bank.

84 Accordingly, it is apparent from the examination of the conclusive evidence
clauses in _Consmat_ , _Tjoa Elis_ , _Pertamina_ and _Stephen Machinery_ that
the defendant banks were able to shield themselves from liability as each of
the clauses were drafted sufficiently wide to cover forgery.

85 Mr Omar relied on two further decisions which did not concern forgery. In
_RBS Coutts Bank Ltd v Shishir Tarachand Kothari_ [2009] SGHC 273 (“ _RBS
Coutts_ ”) the court observed in _dicta_ that the relevant conclusive evidence
clause was wide enough to cover unauthorised transactions. In _RBS Coutts_ ,
the defendant had opened an account with the plaintiff bank for the purposes
of, _inter alia_ , engaging in investment and forex trading activities.
Towards the end of the six-month trading period, market forces turned against
the defendant’s position and the bank informed the defendant to inject more
funds or close out some transactions to cut his losses. The defendant did
neither and eventually the plaintiff exercised its rights under the account
terms and conditions, closed out the defendant’s positions in the various
forex transactions and proceeded against the defendant for the sum of
US$569,109 owing under the account. The defendant alleged that some of the
transactions were unauthorised. In response to this allegation, the plaintiff
relied on the following conclusive evidence clause:

17.1RBS Coutts will, unless it receives written instructions from you to the
contrary, send to your address of record a Statement on any Account at
periodic intervals.

You agree that it will be your sole responsibility to ensure that you receive
Statements in due time and to make enquiries with and obtain the same from RBS
Coutts immediately if not duly received. _You undertake to verify the
correctness of (a) each Statement; and (b) any accompanying cheques or
vouchers received from RBS Coutts, and to inform RBS Coutts within 90 days
from the receipt thereof of any discrepancies, omissions or inaccurate or
incorrect entries in the account or details so stated in the Statement_.

At the end of the period of 90 days, the Account as kept by RBS Coutts and the
details set out in the Statement shall be conclusive evidence without any
further proof that the Statement, the entries and details therein are correct
(subject to the right of RBS Coutts, which may be exercised by it at any time,
to adjust any entries in the Account or details in the Statement where they
have been wrongly or mistakenly made by it)...

[emphasis added]

86 On the face of the above clause, it did not specifically cover unauthorised
transactions. However, the court in _RBS Coutts_ held at [18] that:

The time period provided for dispute was a generous one and gave the Defendant
more than adequate time to examine all transactions in detail. _The
Statements, not having been disputed during the relevant periods, were
conclusive evidence that the Forex Transactions were authorised_.

[emphasis added]

87 Mr Omar submitted that the language of the conclusive evidence clause in
_RBS Coutts_ was very similar to cll 3.1 and 3.2 in the present case and that
a similar outcome should ensue. It is, however, relevant and critical to note
that in _RBS Coutts_ , the court specifically found that the transactions were
authorised. Further, while the defendant claimed that some of the transactions
were unauthorised, the purported unauthorised transactions were not identified
by the defendant. Finally, there was also no dispute in _RBS Coutts_ that the
defendant was notified by way of email and/or written confirmation after each
of the forex transactions had been carried out and on no occasion did the
defendant object to any of the particulars stated therein. In the
circumstances, in _RBS Coutts_ , the court was not concerned with a situation
like the present case, where EFG Bank had admitted to unauthorised trading by
its employee, Mr Ng.

88 As noted above at [86], the court upon being satisfied that the defendant
did receive the transaction confirmation slips, remarked that failure to
dispute the statements was “ _conclusive evidence that the Forex Transactions
were authorised_.” Given the court’s finding that the transactions were
authorised, there was understandably no detailed analysis in _RBS Coutts_ as
to how and why the relevant wording of the particular conclusive evidence
clause was capable of applying to transactions executed in the absence of a
valid mandate.

89 One must keep in mind that the operation of a conclusive evidence clause is
not a substitute to the customer’s mandate or simply put, does not create
authorisation where there was none. In fact as examined below ([101]–[102]) cl
3.3 of the General Conditions in this case clearly limits the effect of
receipt of transaction confirmations for “record purposes only”. In my view,
conclusive evidence clauses merely impose a duty on the customer to verify his
or her bank statements and to inform the bank of discrepancies failing which
the customer is precluded from disputing the _correctness_ of the transaction.
Accordingly, as stated in the operative clause in _RBS Coutts_ , the
confirmation slip sent by the bank was conclusive evidence of the
_correctness_ , rather than capable of operating as retrospective “
_authorisation_ ” of the transaction though the outcome would be no different.

90 While EFG Bank also relied on _Banque National de Paris v Tan Nancy & Anor_
[2001] SGCA 76 (“ _Tan Nancy_ ”) in support of its contention, this decision
provided no assistance to its defence. The employee of the claimant bank in
_Tan Nancy_ effected share and foreign exchange transactions using the
accounts of the 1st and 2nd defendants. The defendants were found to be liable
for the trades done by the employee. Significantly, various telephone logs
showed that the 1st and 2nd defendants (ex-wife and former brother-in-law of
the bank’s employee respectively) had discussed and agreed to a number of the
transactions with the employee. Furthermore, on no less than five occasions,
the 1st defendant instructed the bank employee to transfer profits from the
disputed transactions to the 2nd defendant’s account.

91 The Court of Appeal was persuaded by the cogent evidence presented that the
defendants were _fully cognisant_ of the trades executed by the employee on
their accounts and _acquiesced to and condoned_ his actions. The crucial
finding underpinning this decision was the court’s satisfaction that the
employee had actual or apparent authority to perform the trades in the
defendants’ accounts. Therefore, _Tan Nancy_ , like _RBS Coutts_ , concerned
transactions that were found to have been authorised by the customers.

True construction of clauses 3.1 and 3.2

92 In the final analysis, whether a particular risk of loss due to error,
discrepancy, forgery or just plain unauthorised transaction is shifted onto
the customer is a question of construction of the relevant clause. It is worth
noting that the approach taken by the Court of Appeal in _Pertamina_ at [61],
in upholding the conclusive evidence clause against a commercial entity,
limited its reasoning to the same. As such, the preferred approach to the
construction of such clauses in the context of a private individual or a non-
commercial entity was intentionally left unanswered. The Privy Council
decision of _Tai Hing Cotton_ held, on a question of construction, that each
of the three clauses did not constitute a valid “conclusive evidence clause”:

If banks wished to impose upon their customers an express obligation to
examine their monthly statements and to make those statements in the absence
of query, unchallengeable by the customer after expiry of a time limit, _the
burden of the objection and of the sanction imposed must be brought home to
the customer_.

The test is rigorous because the bankers would have their terms of business so
construed as to exclude the rights which the customer would enjoy if they were
not excluded by express agreement. _Clear and unambiguous provision is needed
if the banks are to introduce into the contract a binding obligation upon the
customer who does not query his bank statement to accept the statement as
accurately setting out the debit items in the accounts_.

[emphasis added]

93 The guiding principle articulated in _Tai Hing Cotton_ was simply that if a
bank seeks to contractually allocate the burden and responsibility of the duty
to inform of any forgery or unauthorised drawing or instruction on the
customer, no less than _clear and unambiguous_ reference will suffice.
Sufficiently wide language ascertainable by a reasonable person to include the
specific liability borne by the customer would also, in theory, suffice.

94 Thus, in order for EFG Bank to successfully rely on cll 3.1 and 3.2, it
would have to overcome the following hurdles:

(a) Discharge its burden of proof that the transaction documents were sent by
ordinary mail to give rise to the presumption of delivery under cl 4. As I
have found at [42] to [58] above, EFG Bank has failed to cross this first
hurdle.

(b) Assuming the burden was successfully discharged, whether cll 3.1 and 3.2
are sufficiently wide or expressly cover unauthorised transactions executed in
the absence of instructions.

(c) Even if the language is sufficiently wide or expressly covers unauthorised
transactions, whether cll 3.1 and 3.2 are applicable to unauthorised
transactions carried out fraudulently by EFG Bank’s employee.

(d) Finally, if the clauses expressly or impliedly apply to unauthorised
transactions carried out by EFG Bank’s employee, whether such clauses should
be upheld as a matter of public policy and/or under UCTA.

Ambit of clauses 3.1 and 3.2

95 For ease of reference, cll 3.1 and 3.2 are repeated below.

3.1 _Subject to paragraph 3.2_ , the Bank shall send the Client _periodic_
confirmations or advices of all Transactions _carried out by the Client and/or
the Authorised Representative_ and all deposits placed with, and cleared by,
the Bank for the account of the Client, and periodic statements reflecting
such Transactions and balances in the Account. The Client undertakes to
carefully examine and verify the correctness of each confirmation, advice and
statement of account and agrees that reliance may only be placed upon original
confirmations, advices, and/or statements of account issued by the Bank. The
Client further undertakes to inform the Bank promptly in writing and in any
event within fourteen (14) days from the date of any such confirmation or
advice and within thirty (30) days from the date of such statements of
account, of _any discrepancies, omissions, incorrect or inaccurate entries_ in
the Account or the contents of any confirmation, advice or statement of
account or the _execution or non-execution of any order_ , failing which the
Bank may deem the Client to have approved the original confirmations, advices
or statements of account as sent by the Bank to the Client, in which case they
shall be conclusive and binding upon the Client without any further proof that
the Account is and all entries therein and the execution of all Transactions
are correct, and _the Client shall be deemed to have waived all Claims against
the Bank in respect of the Account and all such Transactions, even if the Bank
had not exercised the usual diligence in relation thereto_.

3.2A _Transaction Confirmation_ in respect of each Transaction concluded will
be sent to the Client in the same manner as any other confirmation no later
than the end of the next Business Day after the date upon which the relevant
Transaction is entered into. The details contained in the Transaction
Confirmation shall be evidence of the particulars of the Transaction concluded
between the Bank and the Client and shall be binding and conclusive on the
Client. The Client must notify the Bank in writing within fourteen (14)
Business Days after the date of the relevant Transaction of _any claimed
discrepancy between the Instructions and the Transaction Confirmation_. The
Bank may deal with the matter in such manner as the Bank may in its sole and
absolute discretion consider appropriate, and if no such notification is
received by the Bank in writing within the time stipulated, the Client will be
deemed to have waived all further rights to raise any objection or query
thereto, and to have waived all Claims against the Bank in respect of the
relevant Transaction, _even if the Bank had not exercised the usual diligence
in relation thereto_.

[emphasis added]

96 The first noteworthy point is that cl 3.1 was subject to cl 3.2. As such,
the limitations applicable to cl 3.2 were equally applicable to cl 3.1.
Secondly, while cl 3.1 generally related to “ _confirmations_ , advice and
statement of account”, further inspection revealed that the _confirmations_ in
cl 3.1 related to _periodic_ confirmations. The use of the term “ _periodic_ ”
indicated a lower level of frequency.

97 On the other hand cl 3.2 specifically related to “ _transaction
confirmations_ ” and all confirmations were required to be sent to the
customer “no later than the end of the next Business Day after the date upon
which the relevant transaction is entered into”. Clause 3.2 clearly catered to
specialised transaction confirmations for trading activity which by its very
nature (such as forex trading) is frequent and regular, ensuring that the
customer is promptly informed upon the execution of each transaction. The 160
unauthorised transactions forming the subject matter of this dispute fell
squarely within the targeted _type_ of transaction and _trading pattern_
envisioned under cl 3.2 while the statements of periodic nature such as
statements of account would more likely be governed by cl 3.1. During closing
oral submissions, Mr Omar agreed that cll 3.1 and 3.2 should indeed be
construed as such.

98 However, the principal argument advanced by Mr Quahe on the construction of
cll 3.1 and 3.2 was more fundamental. He submitted that both clauses
contemplated EFG Bank acting on _instructions_ from the customer and as such
had no bearing on transactions carried out in the absence of instructions.
First, cl 3.2 expressly limited the client’s duty of notification to “ _any
claimed discrepancy between the Instructions and the Transaction Confirmation_
”. From the plain wording of the clause, the mischief EFG Bank sought to
shield itself from were errors which could have taken place between the
specific order/instruction given by the customer and the execution thereof.
This would presuppose the giving of instructions by the customer.

99 Under cl 3.1, the customer was required to inform EFG Bank of “any
discrepancies, omissions, incorrect or inaccurate entries in the Account of
the contents of any confirmation, advice or statement of account or the
_execution or non-execution of any order”_. In addition, cl 3.1 covered
“periodic confirmations or advices of all Transactions _carried out by the
Client and/or Authorised Representative_ ”. Thus, the language of cl 3.1 also
contemplated transactions executed on instructions by the customer or his or
her authorised representative. Furthermore, both cll 3.1 and 3.2 should be
construed as consistent with each other especially since cl 3.1 is to be read
subject to cl 3.2.

100 There was no reference in cll 3.1 or 3.2 to the exclusion of liability for
transactions carried out in the _absence of instructions_. In fact, the
contrary was apparent. Curiously, Mr Omar during closing oral submissions
claimed that “ _Instructions_ ” under cll 3.1 and 3.2 were wide enough to
include “ _no instructions_ ”. This submission was plainly misconceived. To
begin with, “ _Instructions_ ” was specifically defined under the General
Conditions as “Instructions given by the Client or an Authorised
Representative in accordance with the Account & Trading Mandate”.

101 Furthermore, the tenor of the language used in cl 3.3 was instructive as,
similar to cl 3.2, it specifically related to “Transaction Confirmation[s]”
and in effect, reiterated the central importance of the customer’s
instructions for the transactions. Clause 3.3 states:

_Any Transaction Confirmation is provided for record purposes only_ , and any
Instructions given or authorised, if accepted, are accepted at the time of the
same being given or authorised and not at the time of the Transaction
Confirmation.

[emphasis added]

102 Clause 3.3 provides that the transaction confirmations were _only_ for
_record purposes_. Therefore, delivery or receipt of the transaction
confirmations alone was not treated as instruction having been given for the
transaction in question. Clause 3.3 guarded against the conflation of the
customer’s mandate or authorisation solicited _prior to_ the execution of
transactions, with the transaction confirmations sent _subsequent to_ the
execution of the transactions. By express reference to “ _instructions_ ”,
specific to cll 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3, it was clear that the Agreement did not
intend for unauthorised transactions executed in the absence of any
instructions from the customer to be included within the ambit of the clauses.
Instead, in my view, cll 3.1 and 3.2 would only protect EFG Bank from
liability against “discrepancies” and/or “omissions” in the execution of the
customer’s instructions. As such, I agree with Mr Quahe’s submission that the
clear and unambiguous wording of cll 3.1 and 3.2 exclude from the scope of its
protection transactions carried out _without_ any instructions from the
customer.

Unauthorised transactions performed by bank’s employee

103 Both Mr Omar and Mr Quahe confirmed that, to their knowledge derived from
their research, there is no authority where a conclusive evidence clause has
been invoked by a bank, let alone upheld by any court, to exclude liability
for unauthorised transactions carried out fraudulently by its employee in the
absence of instructions. In _Consmat_ , _Tjoa Elis_ , _Pertamina_ , _RBS
Coutts_ , _Nancy Tan_ and _Stephen Machinery_ , the courts in each of the
cases were concerned with situations where at the time when the transactions
were executed, the banks believed in good faith that they were acting in
accordance with the customers’ mandate or instructions. The mandate was
subsequently found in some of the cases to have been vitiated by reason of
forgery which the banks were not aware of at the time when the transactions
were executed. In the result, the transactions were not authorised since the
mandate had been vitiated. None of the cases concerned the fraud or forgery of
the bank’s employee or the bank acting in the _absence of instructions_.

104 In the present case, the situation is materially different. EFG Bank
managed Mdm Jiang’s FIS Account through Mr Ng. At the time when the 160
transactions were executed, EFG Bank knew through Mr Ng that it had no
mandate/instruction to do so. There was therefore no question of EFG Bank
acting on “instructions” in good faith when the transactions were executed.
Given that the 160 transactions were executed _knowingly_ by Mr Ng on Mdm
Jiang’s non-discretionary FIS Account, without any instruction from Mdm Jiang,
it must follow on the facts of the present case that such transactions were in
effect carried out fraudulently by EFG Bank’s employee, Mr Ng. It was not
suggested by Mr Omar that the 160 transactions were carried out by Mr Ng
either negligently or inadvertently.

Clauses to exclude liability for the fraud of banks’ employees

105 No sensible bank, to my knowledge, has sought to incorporate a conclusive
evidence clause in its banking documentation to exclude liability for
unauthorised transactions fraudulently carried out by its own employees. There
is probably a logical reason why this is so. If such a risk is provided for in
the relevant clause, the law would require the bank to bring it to the
specific attention of the customer. It would be difficult to imagine that any
reasonable customer would agree to assume such an outrageous risk given the
wide range of choices offered by alternative banks. There is _dicta_ in at
least two local decisions where the courts have cautioned that such clauses
would not be enforceable. In _Tjoa Elis_ , Woo JC expressed the view at [96],
that:

However, this is not to say that if UOB had inadvertently and unilaterally
make a wrong debit _without any instructions whatsoever_ , it would still be
entitled to rely on cl 13 [the conclusive evidence clause]. In such a
situation, it _may be_ against public policy or _may be_ unreasonable to allow
UOB to rely on cl 13.

[emphasis added]

In fact, Woo JC’s observation was made in relation to debits _inadvertently_
made without instructions. Here, the court is concerned with a higher degree
of fault wherein transactions were _fraudulently_ carried out in the absence
of instructions.

106 In _Pertamina_ at [63], the Court of Appeal made a more direct observation
which specifically related to transactions carried out by the fraud of the
bank’s employee:

For example, if a bank attempted to exclude liability for the fraud of its own
employees, we would have _no hesitation_ in declaring such a clause
unreasonable and invalid.

107 From the concluding words of cll 3.1 and 3.2, _ie_ “even if the Bank had
not exercised the usual diligence in relation thereto”, it is clear that EFG
Bank, at best, sought to exclude liability for errors caused by its lack of
due diligence. It is also clear from other provisions of the General
Conditions that EFG Bank did not intend for cll 3.1 and 3.2 to exclude
liability caused by the fraud or wilful misconduct of its employees. In this
connection, Mr Quahe drew my attention to cl 7.1 of the General Conditions
which provided, _inter alia_ , as follows:

Neither the Bank nor any of the Bank’s Affiliates shall be liable for any
Claims, or for any diminution of value of or loss or damage to any property or
security under the Account, or in respect of the Services, or for any lost
opportunity whereby the value of such property or security could have been
increased, or for any other reason, or for the acts of any Agent, broker,
custodian, nominee or correspondent appointed by the Bank in good faith, _save
where the same arises directly from their respective gross negligence, wilful
misconduct or fraud_.

[emphasis added]

108 The risk of fraud by the bank’s employee is a unique risk that typically
resides with the bank. If EFG Bank had intended to shift such risk to its
customers including Mdm Jiang, in my view, nothing short of express reference
in the relevant clause to such a risk would have sufficed. Clauses 3.1 and 3.2
clearly did not expressly or impliedly cover unauthorised transactions carried
out fraudulently by its employee in the absence of instructions. In any event,
as explained below, conclusive evidence clauses which purport to exclude
liability for the fraud of banks’ employees would, in my judgment, stand
contrary to public policy considerations and would run foul of the
reasonableness test under UCTA.

Void under UCTA and/or contrary to public policy

109 First and foremost, one must bear in mind that on my construction of cll
3.1 and 3.2, their validity for what they stand for is without question. I
was, however, dismayed that EFG Bank sought to exclude its liability for
transactions executed in bad faith without any instructions from Mdm Jiang,
particularly in the absence of express wording to that effect under any clause
in the Agreement (_especially_ in light of the plain wording of the clauses
supporting the contrary proposition). However, EFG Bank’s underlying
contention that in theory, a conclusive evidence clause could exclude
liability of the bank for unauthorised transactions executed by a fraudulent
bank employee merited closer analysis.

110 I think it is fair to start from the presumption that when parties enter
into contracts they contemplate honesty and good faith in the performance of
their obligations. In the House of Lord’s decision of _HIH Casualty & General
Insurance Ltd v Chase Manhattan Bank_ [2003] 1 All ER (Comm) 349 (“ _HIH
Casualty_ ”) at [68] Lord Hoffman remarked:

_I think that in the absence of words which expressly refer to dishonesty, it
goes without saying that underlying the contractual arrangements of the
parties there will be a common assumption that the persons involved will
behave honestly_.

[emphasis added]

111 However, if a clause expressly contemplated the exclusion of liability for
fraud or wilful misconduct by the bank through its agents, it would be
confronted with the reasonableness test under s 11 of the UCTA regime. In
_Consmat_ at [23], the court took the position that there was no reason to
“import” the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 of the United Kingdom under s 5 of
the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1988 Rev Ed) to interpret conclusive evidence
clauses as their validity could be determined by reference to s 24 of the
Bills of Exchange Act. In 1994, Parliament enacted UCTA in Singapore,
materially altering the statutory landscape which formed the basis of the
decision in _Consmat_ in determining the non-applicability of UCTA. Any
residual doubt as to the applicability of UCTA to conclusive evidence clauses,
was clarified by the Court of Appeal in _Pertamina_ as V K Rajah JA remarked
at [59]–[63]:

The freedom of the parties to contract is however circumscribed by legislation
(such as the UCTA) and public policy considerations.

Section 3(1) of the UCTA mandates that terms seeking to exclude liability in
respect of the breach of one’s own contractual obligations (_which effectively
is what conclusive evidence clauses do) must satisfy the requirement of
reasonableness_. The Second Schedule to the UCTA lays down a few guidelines in
assisting the court’s determination of whether such terms are reasonable.

[emphasis added]

112 Pursuant to s 3 of UCTA, exclusion of contractual liability falls within
the reasonableness test:

3\. —(1) This section applies as between contracting parties where one of them
deals as _consumer_ or on the other’s written standard terms of business.

(2) As against that party, the other cannot by reference to any contract term
—

(a) _when himself in breach of contract, exclude or restrict any liability of
his in respect of the breach_ ; or

(b) claim to be entitled —

(i) to render a contractual performance substantially different from that
which was reasonably expected of him; or

(ii) in respect of the whole or any part of his contractual obligation, to
render no performance at all,

except in so far as (in any of the cases mentioned in this subsection) _the
contract term satisfies the requirement of reasonableness_.

[emphasis added]

113 In respect of contracts in which one of the parties is a consumer, by
operation of s 3 of UCTA, a conclusive evidence clause excluding liability for
the fraud or wilful misconduct of an agent would be subject to the
reasonableness test set out under s 11:

11.(1) In relation to a contract term, the requirement of reasonableness ...
is that the term shall have been _a fair and reasonable_ one to be included
_having regard to the circumstances which were, or ought reasonably to have
been, known to or in the contemplation of the parties when the contract was
made_.

11.(5) It is for those claiming that a contract term or notice satisfies the
requirement of reasonableness to show that it does.

[emphasis added]

114 As provided for under s 11(5), the burden of satisfying the reasonableness
requirement clearly falls on the party seeking to exclude its own liability
(_ie_ EFG Bank in this case). In applying the reasonableness test, the court
may have regard to the matters specified in Schedule 2 of UCTA though it does
not preclude it from taking into account other principles of law in
determining the enforceability of exclusion clauses.

115 Unequal bargaining power is a relevant consideration under Schedule 2 in
determining the validity of any conclusive evidence clause. Articulating a
preference to the non-interventionist approach to the reasonableness test in
the context of commercial contracts, in _Photo Production Ltd v Securicor
Transport Ltd_ [1980] AC 827 Lord Wilberforce said (at 843):

[I]n commercial matters generally, when the parties are not of unequal
bargaining power, and when risks are normally borne by insurance, not only is
the case for judicial intervention undemonstrated, but there is everything to
be said for leaving the parties free to apportion the risks as they think fit
for respecting their decisions.

116 In similar vein, the Court of Appeal in _Pertamina_ upheld the widely
drafted conclusive evidence clause in that case, at [61] but expressly limited
its analysis to commercial entities, cautioning that the reasonableness of
such clauses in a non-commercial context was decidedly open:

It bears emphasis that in holding that conclusive evidence clauses if and when
properly and reasonably defined are enforceable, _we restrict such a
conclusion to cases where the customers are commercial entities_. ..._However,
we are not required to express a general opinion as to the reasonableness of
conclusive evidence clauses as and when applied to individuals and non-
corporate customers since the issue does not arise in the present context_.
Each case will entail a careful examination of its own peculiar factual matrix
starting with a careful scrutiny of the conclusive evidence clause that is
being questioned.

[emphasis added]

117 However, the dispute before me concerned a private individual. As I have
found that cll 3.1 and 3.2 were not applicable to the unauthorised
transactions carried out by EFG Bank’s employee in the absence of
instructions, there was strictly no necessity for me to examine the issue of
whether the clauses should be upheld in the case of an individual. I shall
therefore refrain from expressing a view on the matter particularly since
neither counsel made significant submissions on this point. No doubt this
point will be revisited when the appropriate occasion arises.

118 Notwithstanding that on my construction of cll 3.1 and 3.2, the situation
in question does not arise, it appears to me that it is plainly unreasonable
that a bank should be able to shift the risk of unauthorised transactions by a
fraudulent employee (within its own sphere of control) to an innocent customer
by way of a conclusive evidence clause. The purpose or introduction of
conclusive evidence clauses was to enable banks to contractually allocate
risks which were better managed by customers, brought about by tainted
transactions outside the purview of the bank. In recognition of this
rationale, conclusive evidence clauses have been upheld due to the relative
ease of detection of forgeries by the customer as opposed to the bank. In
_Pertamina_ at [61] the Court of Appeal recognised this underlying principle
as support for the validity and reasonableness of conclusive evidence clauses,
_albeit_ in a commercial context:

In the context of banks on the one hand (which would otherwise bear the
onerous, if not near impossible task of detecting forgeries given the advent
of modern technology) and commercial entities on the other (which only have to
check their own records), we do not find it onerous or unreasonable to place
the risk of loss on the latter if this has already been agreed upon.

119 However, the converse must be true as regards transactions executed
fraudulently by banks’ employees. Allocation of the risk of fraud or wilful
misconduct of banks’ employees to the customers by way of conclusive evidence
clauses is contrary to the somewhat compelling rationale underpinning the
genesis of such clauses in that banks rather than the customers would be in a
better position to effectively detect the fraud of its own employees. This
allocation of risk was implicitly recognised in _Pertamina_ at [60]:

[In] principle conclusive evidence clauses employed in a banker and corporate
customer relationship afford _a practical and reasonable device for pragmatic
management of risk allocation_.

120 One must not lose sight of the foundational legal rule that fraud unravels
all: _fraus omnia corrumpit_. As Lord Denning correctly observed in _Lazarus
Estates Ltd v Beasley_ [1956] 1 QB 702 at 712, once fraud is proved, “it
vitiates judgments, contracts and all transactions”. I am, however, dealing
with the nuanced question of whether liability for the fraud of agents or
specifically, employees of banks should be capable of contractual exemption.
For example, in the UCC which gives legislative force to conclusive evidence
clauses in the United States, Art 4-406(d)–(e) makes it clear beyond doubt
that banks are not at liberty to exclude liability or shift losses
attributable from transactions executed through its employees in bad faith.
Using conclusive evidence clauses to allocate the risk of fraud of an employee
of the bank to the customer is not only devoid of pragmatism, but also appears
to be entirely inconsistent with the core rationale underpinning the court’s
willingness to uphold these clauses in the first place, as the allocation of
the risk of fraud of the bank’s employees, by reason of the relative ease of
detection and control, should rightfully and reasonably be borne by the bank.

121 While it is extraordinarily unlikely that a customer seeking to open a
bank account would knowingly agree to a term which expressly excludes
liability for fraud of the employees of a bank, the question of whether such a
clause is unreasonable by reason of UCTA turns on the relevant factors
identified (_ie_ unfair bargaining power (commercial, individual, non-
corporate customer), inducement and knowledge of the clause in question) as
well as public policy considerations.

122 Individuals and corporations entrust banks and employees of banks with
their savings and investments. Public confidence in the banking system is
therefore fundamental to the integrity of the system and is no doubt founded
upon mutual trust and a reasonable expectation of honest dealings by employees
of banks. Shifting the attendant risk and liability for the fraud or wilful
misconduct of employees of banks by way of conclusive evidence clauses,
strikes at the very heart of the presumed integrity of the system. The
negative impact on public confidence and trust in the modern banking system
would, in my view, render such clauses to be unreasonable under UCTA as well
as void as a matter of public policy.

**Unconscionable conduct of EFG Bank**

123 This was Mdm Jiang’s alternative submission in the event EFG Bank
succeeded in its defence under cll 3.1 and 3.2 and on the premise that the
clauses were not unenforceable under UCTA. Mr Quahe expressly stated that he
was not seeking to rely on his alternative submission to vitiate the
Agreement.[note: 33] In support of his alternative submission, Mr Quahe relied
principally on Mdm Jiang’s lack of proficiency in the English language as well
as the exorbitant fees earned by EFG Bank totalling approximately US$1 million
(comprising of US$456,000 in commissions and over US$500,000 in net option
fees) from the 160 unauthorised transactions. In light of my findings that EFG
Bank has failed to discharge its burden of proof of posting as well as my
construction of cll 3.1 and 3.2, this issue did not arise for consideration.

Conclusion

124 By reason of my findings, I make the following orders:

(a) Judgment in the sum of US$2,338,278.68 to be paid by EFG Bank to Mdm
Jiang;

(b) Interest at the rate of 5.33 per cent on the judgment sum of
US$2,338,278.68 from 15 December 2009 till the date of judgment; and

(c) Costs on a standard basis to be paid by EFG Bank to Mdm Jiang to be taxed
if not agreed and such costs shall include the cost of the expert witness.

* * *

[note: 1]Agreed Bundle of Documents, (“AB”) (Volume II) at 287.

[note: 2]AB (Volume I) at 181.

[note: 3]Defendant’s Bundle of Documents at 30.

[note: 4]AB (Volume I) at 15.

[note: 5]AB (Volume I) at 61?62.

[note: 6]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at [18].

[note: 7]Plaintiffs Bundle of Affidavits (Volume I) at 33 to 35, 37 (“PBOA”);
Mdm Jiang’s Affidavit Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) at [72] &#8211;[75], [79]
&#8211; [81].

[note: 8]PBOA (Volume I) at 39; Mdm Jiang’s AEIC at [86].

[note: 9]Bundle of Pleadings (“BP”) at 118; Defence (Amendment No 1) at [21].

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]Transcript 28 March 2011 p 26 line 5 to p 27 line 22.

[note: 12]AEIC of Chua Bee Lian, 18 March 2011 at 18–28.

[note: 13]BP at 160; Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) at [37.5].

[note: 14]PBOA (Volume I) at 28–30; Mdm Jiang’s AEIC at [57] &#82211;[60].

[note: 15]Summons 2174/2010, 17 May 2010 at [1(d)(iv)].

[note: 16]Plaintiffs Closing Submissions (“PCS”) at [51].

[note: 17]BP at 93; Statement of Claim (Amendment No.1) at [23(b)].

[note: 18]Summons 2174/2010, 23 June 2010, AR Francis Ng’s Minute sheet at 2.

[note: 19]PCS at [59].

[note: 20]PCS at [63].

[note: 21]PCS at [130]; Transcript 29 March 2011 p 2 lines 2 to 5 (Ng);
Transcript 29 March 2011 p 42 line 29 to p 43 line 5 (Linda Lee); Transcript
30 March 2011 p 47 lines 8 to 22 (Alicia Ng); Transcript 30 March 2011 p 34
line 28 to p 35 line 8 (Jessie Tan).

[note: 22]Transcript 29 March 2011 p 6 line 7 to 17.

[note: 23]Transcript 30 March 2011 p 14 line 27 to p 17 line 4.

[note: 24]Transcript 30 March p 49 lines 22 to 28.

[note: 25]Transcript 29 March 2011 p 59 line 4 to 10.

[note: 26]Transcript 30 March 2011 p 3 line 38 to p 3 line 3.

[note: 27]Transcript 29 March 2011 p 72 line 12 to 15.

[note: 28]Transcript 30 March 2011 p 1 line 11 to 31.

[note: 29]PBOA (Volume II) at 149; AEIC of Mdm Jiang dated 11 March 2011 at
149.

[note: 30]Transcript 30 March 2011 p 46 line 3 – 29.

[note: 31]Supplemental AEIC of Mdm Jiang, 24 March 2011 at [6].

[note: 32]Transcript 30 March 2011 p 42 lines 8 to 21

[note: 33]PCS at [123].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

