Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yap Shirley Kathreyn _v_ Tan Peng Quee  
[2011] SGHC 5

Case Number| :| Suit No 43 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 242 of 2010) and
(Summons No 804 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sankaran Karthikeyan and Bhargavan Sujatha (Toh Tan LLP)
for the plaintiff; Deborah Barker SC and Ang Keng Ling (Khattar Wong) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Yap Shirley Kathreyn — Tan Peng Quee  
  
11 January 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Assistant Registrar (the “AR”) granted the defendant’s application for a
temporary stay of proceedings in Suit No 43 of 2010 (“Suit 43”) pending the
resolution of an action in the Malaysia courts. The plaintiff appealed against
that decision in Registrar’s Appeal No 242 of 2010 (the “Stay Appeal”). At the
hearing of this appeal before me, the plaintiff also applied for an anti-suit
injunction in Summons No 804 of 2010 to restrain the defendant from commencing
any suit in Malaysia or in any forum until the final determination of the
Singapore proceedings in Suit 43. After hearing counsel, I dismissed both the
Stay Appeal and the Anti-Suit Injunction. The plaintiff has appealed against
my decision.

2 The disputes between the parties here and in Malaysia concerned a
partnership known as the Eres Tu No 2 Stable (the “ET 2 Partnership”). The ET
2 Partnership was registered with the Malayan Racing Association (“MRA”) on 28
June 1998 and de-registered on 29 March 2005. MRA is the controlling body of
horse racing in the Turf Clubs in Malaysia and Singapore. The parties intended
to buy horses and enter them for races through the ET 2 Partnership. There
were three partners in the ET 2 Partnership, namely, the plaintiff, the
defendant and one Malcolm Thwaites (“Malcolm”).

3 At the time when the ET 2 Partnership was formed, the plaintiff and Malcolm
were in a relationship and were staying together. Their relationship ended in
2006. The plaintiff was in dispute with Malcolm over various matters an as a
result, Malcolm commenced action against the plaintiff in Kuala Lumpur High
Court on 31 July 2009. The Malaysia proceedings between Malcolm and the
plaintiff relate to various properties and transactions including the accounts
and winnings of the ET 2 Partnership as well as another horse racing
partnership (in which the defendant was not a partner). The plaintiff
counterclaimed for the return of a sum of US$910,000 allegedly loaned to
Malcolm by her for the purchase of a horse.

4 The defendant allegedly learnt from Malcolm that the plaintiff had not fully
accounted to him for his share of the ET 2 Partnership earnings. The defendant
then sent the plaintiff a letter of demand on 13 January 2010 seeking an
account of the income generated by ET 2 Partnership and payment of the sums
RM443,653.00 and S$531,172.00. On 21 January 2010, the plaintiff commenced
proceedings in Singapore against the defendant seeking payment of RM543,660.00
and S$1,123,513.60 and an accounting of the monies earned by the ET 2
Partnership, _viz_ Suit No 43 of 2010. Shortly after, the defendant commenced
proceedings against the plaintiff in Kuala Lumpur High Court on 25 January
2010. On 11 February 2010, the defendant filed an application in Singapore for
a stay of the proceedings in Suit No 43 of 2010. The plaintiff filed the Anti-
Suit Application on 5 March 2010. The defendant’s application for a stay was
heard by the AR on 7 June 2010, and she granted a stay pending the resolution
of the suits in Malaysia. The plaintiff appealed against this decision. After
hearing the Stay Appeal and the Anti-Suit Application, I dismissed both.

5 In the defendant’s application for stay, the defendant sought _inter alia_
the following reliefs:

(1)

that all further proceedings in the plaintiff’s action against the defendant
be stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ and/or _lis alibi pendens_ ;

(2)

alternatively, that all further proceedings in the plaintiff’s action against
the defendant be stayed pending and until the final determination and
resolution of the proceedings in Malaysia, _viz_ , the Malaysia proceedings
between Malcolm and the plaintiff, and the Malaysia proceedings between the
defendant and the plaintiff.

The AR granted prayer 2 above, which was a grant of a stay of proceedings
pending the final determination of the Malaysia proceedings. She declined to
grant prayer 1. As the plaintiff had not filed a cross-appeal, the issue
before me regarding the Stay Appeal was whether the court should exercise its
discretion to grant a temporary stay of Suit No 42 of 2010 pending the actions
in Malaysia.

6 In my view, this was not a case on _lis alibi penden_ since it did not
involve the same parties and the same issues. While the proceedings between
the plaintiff and the defendant in Malaysia involve the same issues regarding
the account of earnings of ET 2 Partnership, the prayer sought by the
defendant included a stay pending the Malaysia proceedings between Malcolm and
the plaintiff. Malcolm was not a named party in this Singapore suit. _Lis
alibi penden_ pinciples would therefore not apply. The issues engaged here
were more that of _forum non conveniens_.

7 The grant of a limited stay order pending the conclusion of other
proceedings did not strictly require the application of _forum non conveniens_
principles because under s 18 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
2007 Rev Ed) and para 9 of the First Schedule, or alternatively, under the
inherent jurisdiction of the court, the court has the full discretion to stay
any proceedings before it until whatever appropriate conditions are met. See C
_han Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt Cheung_ [2010] 1 SLR 1192 (“ _Chan Chin Cheung_
”) at [47]. Notwithstanding this, I had considered the principles of _forum
non conveniens_ (as the Court of Appeal did in _Chan Chin Cheung_) as I
thought that they were useful in deciding whether or not to exercise my
discretion to grant the stay.

8 The principles of _forum non conveniens_ are well established. The defendant
must satisfy the court that there is some other available and more appropriate
for trial of the action. See _Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_
[1987] AC 460. The facts of this present case show that Malaysia was the more
natural forum:

(a)

ET 2 Partnership was formed in Malaysia under the rules of the Malayan Racing
Association hence the more appropriate law to be applied should be that of
Malaysia’s; and

(b)

Most of the witnesses to be called reside in Malaysia since 70% of the races
concerned were held in Malaysia and the earnings of the ET 2 Partnership were
deposited in bank accounts in Malaysia. Particularly Malcolm and the plaintiff
herself reside in Malaysia.

Furthermore, it was clear to me that the Malaysian suits were inextricably
linked to this Singapore action. The subject matter of the suit in Malaysia
and Singapore between the plaintiff and defendant was the same, that is, the
account of the earnings of ET 2 Partnership. Also, as between Malcolm and the
plaintiff, at least one aspect of the action was also on the account and
distribution of the ET 2 Partnership’s earnings. This will inevitably overlap
with the issue in the Singapore action in Suit 43. In allowing a temporary
stay of the Singapore proceedings pending the resolution of the proceedings in
Malaysia, I had in mind the practical considerations relating to international
comity and the prevention of the duplicity of proceedings; see _Chan Chin
Cheung_ at [46]. The plaintiff is free to return to the Singapore court for
trial of this action after the conclusion of the Malaysia proceedings and the
Singapore court, though not bound by the Malaysian courts, would have the
benefit of the findings by the Malaysia court; and that is likely to narrow
the issues and length of the trial here.

9 In the Anti-Suit Application, the plaintiff asked _inter alia_ that the
defendant be restrained from commencing any suit in Malaysia or any other
forum until the final determination of the Singapore proceedings. Following my
decision to stay the Singapore proceedings, the logical consequence is that
there is no reason for such a restrain. The application was therefore
dismissed.

10 Costs ought to follow the event in this case, and awarded to the defendant
fixed at $8,000, excluding reasonable disbursements, for both the Stay Appeal
and the Anti-Suit Application jointly. Liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

