Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Huang Meizhe and another _v_ Attorney-General  
[2011] SGHC 38

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 951 of 2010 (Summons No 4661 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 February 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck SC and Jay Lee (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the applicant/defendant; Spencer Gwee (instructed), Benjamin
Aloysius Frois and Bala Albert (Lee, Frois & Partners) for the respondents /
plaintiffs.  
Parties| :|  Huang Meizhe and another — Attorney-General  
  
22 February 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tan Lee Meng J:

Introduction

1 The first plaintiff, Mdm Huang Meizhe (“Mdm Huang”), is the widow of Mr Tan
Lead Sane (the “deceased”), who was killed by his sister-in-law, Mdm Wu Yun
Yun. The second plaintiff, Mdm Ng Bee Hion (“Mdm Ng”) is the deceased’s
mother. The plaintiffs, who thought that Mdm Wu should have been sentenced to
life imprisonment, were dissatisfied with the Public Prosecutor’s decision not
to appeal against the sentence of imprisonment for 16 years meted out to the
latter by Kan Ting Chiu J (“Kan J”). As such, they filed Originating Summons
No 951 of 2010 to obtain a declaration that the Attorney-General, as the
Public Prosecutor, acted illegally and/or irrationally and/or with procedural
impropriety in failing and/or refusing to appeal against the sentence.

Background

2 Mdm Wu, the China-born wife of Mr Tan Lead Shake (“TLS”), the elder brother
of the deceased, came to Singapore in November 2001. She and TLS lived at No
6G Paya Lebar Crescent, Singapore 536027, with Mdm Ng, his two brothers, Mr
Tan Lead Hand and the deceased, and the deceased’s wife, Mdm Huang. Mdm Wu and
TLS have two children.

3 Apparently, Mdm Wu, who quarrelled with other members of the extended
family, felt that Mdm Ng favoured the deceased and Mdm Huang. Some two weeks
before the deceased was killed, Mdm Wu bought a fruit knife and hid it in a
box beneath the kitchen sink on the ground floor of the family home. On 27
June 2008, she removed the fruit knife from the kitchen and hid it on top of
the wardrobe in her bedroom. On the following day, at around 5.30 am, she went
to Mdm Huang’s bedroom and stabbed the latter in the neck. Mdm Huang shouted
for the deceased and when the deceased, who had been sleeping on a makeshift
bed in the balcony of the bedroom, got up, Mdm Wu lunged at him and stabbed
him in the chest and abdomen.

4 After stabbing the deceased, Mdm Wu walked to the ground floor with the
fruit knife in her hands. She took her jacket, umbrella and wallet from the
kitchen and proceeded to leave the house. She was stopped by Mdm Ng. Mdm Wu
cut Mdm Ng with the fruit knife, threw the fruit knife into a drain and left
the house.

5 TLS called the police, who arrived at the scene at about 6.05 am. The
deceased was ferried to the emergency department of Tan Tock Seng Hospital. He
was pronounced dead at 6.59 am.

6 At around 12.15 pm on the same day, Mdm Wu contacted her husband, TLS, who
managed to persuade her to surrender to the police. At about 1.15 pm, she was
arrested by the police. She was remanded at Changi Women’s Prison from 7 July
2008 to 18 August 2008 for psychiatric evaluation at the Institute of Mental
Health (“IMH”).

7 In his report dated 18 August 2008, Dr George Joseph Fernandez (“Dr
Fernandez”), a Senior Consultant Psychiatrist at the IMH, stated that Mdm Wu
was suffering from a major depressive disorder when she killed the deceased
and injured Mdm Huang and Mdm Ng. He opined that her depression was largely a
reaction to the discord in her family home and that this was characterised by
“depressive moods, tearfulness, loss of appetite, loss of weight, suicidal
ideation, diurnal variation of moods, a sense of worthlessness and
hopelessness, somatic complaints, and even hypochondriacal fears of having
cancer”. Dr Fernandez concluded that while Mdm Wu was not of unsound mind at
the time she committed the offences, the severity of her depressive symptoms
had substantially affected her to such an extent that she could rely on the
defence of diminished responsibility.

8 Mdm Wu was initially charged with the murder of the deceased and the
attempted murder of Mdm Huang. However, after the psychiatric reports
submitted by Dr Fernandez were taken into account, she was charged with one
count of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, punishable under s 304(a)
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), and one count of attempting to
commit culpable homicide not amounting to murder, punishable under s 308 of
the Penal Code. Mdm Wu also faced a third charge of causing hurt to Mdm Ng.

9 On 17 April 2009, Mdm Wu pleaded guilty to both the charges concerning the
death of the deceased and Mdm Huang’s injury. She also consented to having the
charge of causing hurt to Mdm Ng taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. Kan J adjourned the hearing for six months to enable Dr Fernandez
to monitor Mdm Wu’s condition and furnish a psychiatric report on her response
to the treatment of her psychiatric condition.

10 The trial of Mdm Wu resumed on 17 November 2009. After hearing Dr
Fernandez’s oral testimony and the closing submissions of the Deputy Public
Prosecutor and of Mdm Wu’s counsel, Kan J sentenced Mdm Wu to imprisonment for
16 years. The judge said to Mdm Wu:

The first charge carries a maximum of life imprisonment. The second charge, a
maximum of 15 years’ imprisonment. On the facts …, there is no room for light
sentences….

The … relevant considerations for determining whether a .. sentence of life
imprisonment is to be imposed are generally referred to as the “Hodgson
Conditions”, that is (1) whether the offences committed are in themselves
grave enough to require a very long sentence; (2) whether the offender is
likely to commit such offences in the future; and (3) if such offences are
committed again, whether the consequences may be especially serious.

In your case, conditions (1) and (3) are clearly satisfied. The question is
whether condition (2) … is also satisfied. On this question, we are fortunate
to have the benefit of Dr Fernandez’s latest report of the 10th of November
which attests that you have complied with the treatment [prescribed] to you
and have responded reasonably well to the treatment and [have] significantly
improved in your mental state.

Dr Fernandez cautions that a relapse of your condition may occur but he did
not state any apprehensions of re-offending ….

In the last few years, the Courts had examined with care and concern the issue
of the imposition of life sentence, most recently in the case of _Aniza_ which
your counsel cited. I find on the review of the views propounded in these
cases that your case is not one to which life imprisonment should be imposed.

Having taken into account the facts of the case, the mitigating factors that
your counsel have referred to and the fact that you have pleaded guilty to the
two charges on which you are convicted and have agreed to have the 3rd charge
taken into account for the purpose of sentencing, the sentence of this Court
on you is: For the 1st charge, 12 years’ imprisonment. For the 2nd charge, 4
years’ imprisonment. Both sentences are to run consecutively. In fixing the
two sentences, I’ve taken into account the total period that you have to serve
before remission that is 16 years. These two sentences are to be backdated to
the date of your arrest, 28th of June 2008.

11 Although the Deputy Public Prosecutor had argued before Kan J that a
sentence of life imprisonment was appropriate, no appeal against the sentence
was filed.

12 Both Mdm Huang and Mdm Ng thought that the sentence meted out to Mdm Wu was
too light and they repeatedly urged the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”) to
appeal against the sentence.

13 On 25 and 26 November 2009, their lawyer, Mr Benjamin Frois (“Mr Frois”),
wrote to the AGC to explain why an appeal against the sentence should be
filed.

14 On 9 December 2009, the AGC replied that the matter had been given careful
consideration and that an appeal against the sentence was not warranted as it
was not manifestly inadequate in the light of recent decisions of the Court of
Appeal.

15 On 7 January 2010, the plaintiffs’ lawyers, M/s Lee Frois & Partners wrote
to the Minister for Law about the alleged unsatisfactory features in the trial
of Mdm Wu. Among other things, a complaint was made that the Prosecution had
tendered Dr Fernandez’s psychiatric report to the court and had not called
upon another psychiatrist to furnish a report, which presumably would have
contradicted Dr Fernandez’s report. A copy of this letter was forwarded by the
Ministry of Law to the AGC.

16 On 25 January 2010, the AGC reiterated that the decision not to appeal
against the sentence was made after careful consideration and that no appeal
will be lodged against the sentence. As for the plaintiffs’ complaint that the
Prosecution had placed Dr Fernandez’s report before the court, it was pointed
out that the Prosecution was obliged to place all relevant evidence, including
the said report, before the court. The AGC added that the plaintiffs’
allegation that the Prosecution was at fault for not presenting a second
psychiatrist report to the court was off the mark as the practice of “shopping
around” for psychiatric reports until one is found that supports a particular
point of view was unethical.

17 On 12 February 2010, the plaintiffs’ lawyers sent another letter to the AGC
to reiterate their clients’ view on the matter. On 15 March 2010, the AGC
reiterated its position that no appeal will be lodged against the sentence and
added that no further correspondence on the matter was necessary.

18 The plaintiffs then filed the present application on 13 September 2010. The
AGC responded by applying to have the Originating Summons struck out.

Whether the Originating Summons should be struck out

19 O 18 r 19 (1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), which
deals with the striking out of an action or pleadings provides as follows:

The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or anything
in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(_a_)it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may
be;

(_b_)it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(_c_)it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(_d_)it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

20 The court’s power to strike out an action is a draconian one. As such, it
should not be exercised unless a plaintiff’s case is wholly devoid of merit.
In _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649, the Court
of Appeal explained at [18]:

In general, it is only in _plain and obvious cases that the power of striking
out should be invoked_. … It should not be exercised by a minute and
protracted examination of the documents and facts of the case in order to see
if the plaintiff really has a cause of action. The practice of the courts has
been that, where an application for striking out involves a lengthy and
serious argument, the court should decline to proceed with the argument
unless, not only does it have doubts as to the soundness of the pleading but,
in addition, it is satisfied that striking out will obviate the necessity for
a trial or reduce the burden of preparing for a trial.

[emphasis added]

21 Obviously, a case that is hopelessly doomed to fail should be struck out.
In _Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd v Keppel TatLee Bank Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 295,
where the Court of Appeal struck out a hopeless claim, Chao Hick Tin JA stated
(at [34]) that to allow the case to go further for trial would be to compel
the defendants to expend time and money in defending a case which obviously
had not merit whatsoever.

22 The plaintiffs’ application for a declaration must be viewed in the context
of separation of powers under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint). In regard to judicial power, Art 93 of the
Constitution provides:

The judicial power of Singapore shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such
subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in
force.

23 As for the role of the Attorney-General as the nation’s Public Prosecutor,
this is outlined in Art 35(8) of the Constitution, which provides:

The Attorney-General shall have power, exercisable at his discretion, to
institute, conduct or discontinue any proceedings for any offence.

Furthermore, s 336(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
provides:

The Attorney-General shall be the Public Prosecutor and shall have the control
and direction of criminal prosecutions and proceedings under this Code.

24 When considering the effect of Art 93 and Art 35(8) of the Constitution in
_Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 239, Chan
Sek Keong CJ (“Chan CJ”) explained at [144] that these two provisions
“expressly separate the prosecutorial function from the judicial function, and
give equal status to both functions”. He added at [145]:

In relation to public prosecutions, Art 35(8) makes it clear that the
_institution, conduct or discontinuance_ of any criminal proceedings is a
matter for only the Attorney-General to decide. This means that except for
unconstitutionality, the Attorney-General has an unfettered discretion as to
when and how he exercises his prosecutorial powers.

[emphasis in original]

25 Admittedly, Chan CJ made it clear at [149] that the exercise of
prosecutorial discretion is subject to judicial review. However, he opined
that the question of judicial review arises in only two situations. The first
is where the prosecutorial discretion is abused because it was exercised in
bad faith for an extraneous purpose. The second is when the exercise of
prosecutorial prosecution contravenes constitutional protections and rights,
as would be the case if discriminatory prosecution results in an accused being
deprived of his right to equality under the law and the equal protection of
the law under Art 12 of the Constitution.

26 The plaintiffs did not assert that in deciding not to appeal against the
sentence, the Public Prosecutor had acted unconstitutionally or had been
motivated by bad faith or extraneous circumstances. Neither did they allege
that they had been deprived of equal protection of the law under Art 12 of the
Constitution. It is worth noting that in so far as equal protection is
concerned, in _Teh Cheng Poh v PP_ [1979] 1 MLJ 50, Lord Diplock, while
considering Art 8(1) of the Malaysian Constitution, which is on all fours with
Art 12(1) of the Singapore Constitution, stated at p 57 that all that equality
before the law requires is that the cases of all potential defendants to
criminal charges shall be given unbiased consideration by the prosecuting
authority and that decisions whether or not to prosecute in a particular case
for a particular offence should not be dictated by some irrelevant
consideration.

27 Although the plaintiffs had initially asserted that the Public Prosecutor
had acted illegally and/or with procedural impropriety and/or irrationally in
refusing to appeal against the sentence, their counsel, Mr Spencer Gwee,
confirmed during the hearing that his clients were only relying on the ground
that the decision not to appeal was irrational in the _Wednesbury_ sense: see
_Associated Provincial Picture Houses Ltd v Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1
KB 223. In effect, all that the plaintiffs asserted was that their lawyers
were of the opinion that the Public Prosecutor has misconstrued the effect of
recent decisions of the Court of Appeal by coming to the conclusion that an
appeal was unwarranted in this case. As a decision of the Public Prosecutor in
relation to the conduct of a case, which includes whether or not to appeal
against a decision of the trial judge, cannot be challenged in the courts
where there has been no breach of the Constitution and no bad faith, the
plaintiffs’ application is bound to fail.

28 Apart from the effect of the constitutional provisions referred to above,
it is also clear that the plaintiffs do not have legal rights with respect to
the trial of Mdm Wu that can be the subject matter of the declaration sought.
It follows from s 44 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 332, 2007 Rev
Ed) that appeals in criminal cases emanate exclusively from an accused person
or from the Public Prosecutor. As such, no legal rights of the plaintiffs had
been affected by the Public Prosecutor’s decision not to appeal against the
sentence and they have no _locus standi_ to apply for the declaration in
question.

29 For the reasons stated, it is plain and obvious that the plaintiffs’
application for a declaration that the Public Prosecutor had acted illegally
and/or irrationally and/or with procedural impropriety in failing and/or or
refusing to appeal against the sentence is bound to fail. As such, I order
that it be struck out with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

