Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Wah Chuan _v_ Seow Hwa Chuan  
[2011] SGHC 98

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1227 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for the Applicant; Perumal
Athiham (Yeo Perumal Mohideen Law Corporation) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ong Wah Chuan — Seow Hwa Chuan  
  
26 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 This Originating Summons (“OS”) raises the issue of whether leave of court
is required to appeal against a decision of the District Court or Magistrates’
Court in a case where only liability has been decided and there has been no
decision on quantum. What is the position if it is not clear whether the
quantum will or will not cross the threshold of $50,000? The significance of
this threshold is that leave to appeal is required under section 21(1) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“ SCJA”), if the
amount in dispute or the value of the subject-matter does not exceed $50,000
but there is an appeal as of right if it exceeds $50,000.

2 I should mention that section 21(1) SCJA has been amended by the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 30 of 2010), which came into
effect on 1 January 2011. However my judgement is based on the provisions
before the amendments as the previous provisions govern these proceedings.

3 The claim in this case arose from a road traffic accident between the
plaintiff’s motorcycle and the defendant’s motor van on 19 June 2006. The
plaintiff brought his claim in the Subordinate Courts. There was a bifurcation
of liability and quantum, both of which were disputed. The trial on liability
was heard on 24 September 2010 and the learned District Judge (“DJ”) delivered
oral judgement on 21 October 2010, holding the defendant 90% liable for the
accident. The learned DJ then ordered that damages be assessed by the
registrar with costs and interest being reserved to the registrar.

4 The defendant filed a notice of appeal on 2 November 2010 against the
learned DJ’s decision. On 4 November 2010, the Subordinate Courts Registry
informed the defendant’s solicitors that the learned DJ took the view that
leave of Court was required before an appeal could be lodged pursuant to
section 21(1) SCJA.

5 The defendant’s solicitors wrote to the Subordinate Courts Registry on the
same day, stating that the plaintiff’s claim was for both personal injuries
and property damage, and pointed out that the special damages alone, pleaded
pursuant to Order 18 rule 12(1A)(b) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Rules of Court”), amounted to $44,770.45. The defendant’s
solicitor also sought the views of the plaintiff’s solicitor who confirmed in
writing that, in his view, his client’s claim was well in excess of $50,000.
Both solicitors therefore took the view that leave to appeal was not required
as the claim was above $50,000. The learned DJ disagreed and directed that an
application be filed to seek the District Court’s leave to appeal to the High
Court. The defendant’s solicitors complied and filed Summons No.19086/2010/Q
in DC Suit No.1680/2009/R seeking leave to appeal.

6 This application was heard by the learned DJ on 18 November 2010. Both
counsel submitted that leave was not required in this case, given that special
damages alone came up to $44,770.45 with general damages yet to be taken into
account. On 1 December 2010, the learned DJ delivered a written judgement
dismissing the defendant’s application with no order as to costs.

7 The defendant’s solicitor thereupon filed this OS asking that the decision
of the learned DJ made on 21 October 2010 be set aside and/or reversed and/or
varied or further or in the alternative, that I grant a declaration that leave
is not required to appeal against the learned DJ’s decision on liability or
alternatively, that leave be granted to the defendant pursuant to section
21(1) SCJA to file an appeal against the DJ’s decision on liability.

8 The learned DJ felt that the defendant’s application for leave to appeal
raised an important practical question because of the large number of cases
before the Subordinate Courts involving unliquidated claims or claims without
an ascertained quantum due to bifurcation of liability and quantum. In the
latter type of case, there is often no or incomplete evidence on quantum as
that issue was to be dealt with at a later stage. How then does one measure
“the amount in dispute” for the purposes of determining whether leave is
required to appeal?

9 Section 21(1) of the SCJA reads as follows:

**Appeals from District and Magistrates’ Courts**

**21**. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act or any other written law,
an appeal shall lie to the High Court from a decision of a District Court or
Magistrate’s Court in any suit or action for the recovery of immovable
property or in any civil cause or matter where the amount in dispute or the
value of the subject-matter exceeds $50,000 or such other amount as may be
specified by an order made under subsection (3) or with the leave of a
District Court, a Magistrate’s Court or the High Court if under that amount.

[emphasis added]

10 The learned DJ felt there were two lines of authority on the ascertainment
of the amount in dispute for the purposes of leave to appeal. The first looked
at the amount in dispute in the appeal (pursuant to section 21(1) SCJA), and
the other at the amount or value of the subject-matter at the trial (pursuant
to section 34(2)(a) SCJA). With respect, I do not think that is quite right
because section 34(2)(a), which applies to cases which are commenced in the
High Court, is worded differently:

**Matters that are non-appealable or appealable only with leave**

**34**. ...

(2) Except with the leave of the Court of Appeal or a Judge, no appeal shall
be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

(a)  _where the amount or value of the subject-matter_** _at the trial_** _is
$250,000_ or such other amount as may be specified by an order made under
subsection (3) or less;

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The phrase “at the trial ” is not present in section 21(1). That phrase
underlies the Court of Appeal (“the CA”) decisions like _Tan Chiang Brother's
Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 633
(“ _Tan Chiang Brother’s Marble (S) Pte Ltd_ ”) and _Teo Eng Chuan v Nirumalan
V Kanapathi Pillay_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 442 (“ _Teo Eng Chuan”)_ which lay down
the rule that for the purpose of establishing whether the $250,000 threshold
was met in respect of section 34(2)(a) of the SCJA, the figure to be
considered was the quantum of the original claim at the trial.

11 In _Teo Eng Chuan’s_ case, the plaintiff, who suffered a whiplash injury
and posterior disc prolapses, obtained interlocutory judgement with damages to
be assessed. On assessment, the plaintiff was awarded $100,000 made up of
$20,000 for pain and suffering, $20,000 for cost of future surgery and $60,000
for loss of future earning capacity. Special damages of $35,361.78 were also
awarded, making it a total of $135,361.78. On appeal, the plaintiff claimed
about $1.5 million, but the judge in chambers only increased the damages for
pain and suffering to $30,000 and future loss of earning capacity to $180,000
making it a total of $265,361.78.

12 The CA said, at [16], that the defendant “would have been entitled as of
right to appeal against the judgment entered against him” simply on the basis
of the plaintiff’s claim before the judge in chambers being close to $1.5m.
The CA then went on to elaborate at [21] that assuming the plaintiff claimed
general and special damages totalling more than $250,000, if the plaintiff had
only been awarded $200,000, he would be entitled as a matter of right, without
the need for leave, to appeal to the CA as the sum claimed was in excess of
$250,000. Similarly, if the plaintiff decided for reasons of his own, not to
appeal the $200,000 award, but the defendant felt the award should not be more
than $120,000, the defendant was also entitled as a matter of right to appeal
to the CA. The underlying basis for this approach is clearly set out at [22]
of the judgement of the CA where it ruled that the test for both scenarios was
the same: “what is the value of the subject matter at the ‘trial’?” This was
clearly based on the words used in section 34(2)(a). The learned DJ below
appears to have correctly recognised the differences in wording between
section 21(1) and section 34(2)(a) by citing some examples given by the CA at
[21] – [23] of their judgement (see [29] and [30] of the learned DJ’s grounds
of decision). These cases correctly reflect the position today on section
34(2)(a) SCJA.

13 For section 21(1), which applies to cases commenced in the Subordinate
Courts, there is a separate line of cases consisting of _Anthony s/o
Savarimiuthu v Soh Chuan Tin_ [1989] 1 SLR(R) 588, _Augustine Zacharia v Goh
Siam Yong_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 746 (“ _Augustine Zacharia_ ”), _Sethuraman
Arumugam v Star Furniture Industries Pte Ltd_ [1999] SGHC 144 (“ _Sethuraman
Arumugam_ ”) and _Abdul Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed_ [1999] 3
SLR(R) 138 which make clear that for the purpose of establishing whether the
$50,000 threshold is met, the figure to be considered is the amount disputed
in the appeal.

14 _Augustine Zacharia_ was also a claim for damages arising from a road
traffic accident. After the plaintiff obtained interlocutory judgement,
damages were assessed by a deputy registrar at $4,780.89. This amount was
lowered on appeal to a district judge in chambers to $1,177.50. At that time,
the threshold under section 21(1) SCJA was $2,000. The court held that the
amount in dispute was the difference between the sum assessed by the deputy
registrar and the sum allowed by the district judge and as this exceeded
$2,000, leave to appeal was not required. As _Augustine Zacharia_ is a CA
decision it is binding on me.

15 _Sethuraman Arumugam’s_ case involved a claim for damages arising from an
industrial accident. The plaintiff there claimed general and special damages.
At the trial, damages were quantified by the plaintiff’s counsel at $52,560.
The district judge dismissed the plaintiff’s claim and the plaintiff applied
to the High Court for leave to appeal against the dismissal of his claim. It
is not clear from that decision whether there was a bifurcation of liability
and quantum below and therefore the judgement below only dealt with liability;
or whether the district judge below found against the plaintiff on liability
and decided there was no need to deal with quantum. What is clear is that the
judgement below did not indicate any quantum. Hence the real issue was not
whether leave should be granted but whether leave was required at all. Kan
Ting Chiu J (“Kan J”) seemed to be at pains, at [6], to obtain confirmation
from counsel that the claim was quantified at $52,560 at trial. Since the
defendant had denied liability in that case, the amount in dispute on appeal
would consequently be the entire sum of $52,560. He therefore ruled that leave
was not required.

16 Kan J raised what he saw to be an interesting question – what if the
district judge had only allowed part of the claim, _ie_ , $30,000 instead of
the whole $52,560 claimed? If the plaintiff appealed, he was only seeking
$22,560 more and if the defendant appealed, it was seeking to avoid $30,000.
Kan J did not have the benefit of _Augustine Zacharia’s_ case being cited to
him but on considering the purpose of section 21(1), which was to discourage
non-serious appeals, he came to the same conclusion as the CA in _Augustine
Zacharia_ , _viz_ , the threshold of section 21(1) was the disputed amount in
the appeal rather than the disputed amount in the original claim (see
[17]-[18] of _Augustine Zacharia_). Kan J pointed out (at [18]) the anomalous
situation caused by setting the threshold limit as the original sum claimed at
trial: where a claim for $30,000 was dismissed, leave to appeal would be
required; but where only $30,000 was awarded on a larger $60,000 claim, the
appeal also involved $30,000 but leave to appeal would not be required. The
purpose of setting the threshold limit by Parliament would not be furthered by
such a construction and one should look at the amount in dispute in the
appeal. However he declined to give a definite opinion as the issue was not
before him.

17 Before going any further, we need to examine the ratio in _Augustine
Zacharia’s_ case. The CA ruled that the phrase “the amount in dispute” in
section 21(1) SCJA means the amount in dispute in the appeal. Where the
Subordinate Court registrar had assessed the plaintiff’s damages at $_x_ and,
on appeal by the defendant, the district judge had reduced that sum to $_y_ ,
the amount in dispute in the appeal by the plaintiff against that reduction is
the difference between $_x_ and $_y_. It should be noted that in _Augustine
Zacharia’s_ case the plaintiff/respondent did not contend that he was entitled
to more than the $4,780.89 initially assessed by the deputy registrar. This
was because the plaintiff was satisfied with an award at $4,780.89 and did not
appeal. It was the defendant who appealed to the district judge. Having had
his $4,780.89 award reduced, it was the plaintiff who then wanted to appeal
against that reduction (and argued that it did not require leave to do so);
see the decision at [2]:

... The appellants [defendant] appealed to a district judge in chambers who
reduced the damages to $1,177.50. The respondent filed a notice of appeal to
the High Court against this reduced assessment ...

and at [12]:

... In the present case, however, it was the plaintiff who sought to appeal
against a reduction in the award from the sum of $4,780.89 assessed by the
deputy registrar to the sum of $1,177.50 allowed by the district judge, a
difference of some $3,603.39. This was the "amount in dispute", and it
obviously exceeded $2,000.

18 _Augustine Zacharia’s_ case did not lay down the rule that the difference
between the amount adjudged due by the court below and the amount claimed to
be the correct amount in the appeal is always the amount in dispute for the
purposes of section 21(1) SCJA. In my view, what the CA ruled in _Augustine
Zacharia’s_ case was that we always have to ask: what is the true amount in
dispute in the appeal in question for the purposes of section 21(1) SCJA? And
that means we have to consider each case on its facts and as contemplated in
the appeal sought to be brought. We now need to look at two cases that were
decided after _Augustine Zacharia’s_ case.

19 In _Hua Sheng Tao v Welltech Construction Pte Ltd & Anor_ [2003] 2 SLR(R)
137 (“ _Hua Sheng Tao_ ”), there were two defendants. The plaintiff was a
plasterer who was injured in the course of his work. He sued the first
defendant, the main contractor, who put up the scaffolding, including a metal
deck which was inherently defective, and which gave way, causing him to fall
and sustain injuries; and the second defendant, the subcontractor, who was his
direct employer. The plaintiff sued for damages. At the trial, the plaintiff
quantified his claim at $188,872.89. The district judge dismissed his claim
against the first defendant but allowed his claim against the second
defendant. He also found the plaintiff had contributed to the accident to the
extent of 40%, assessed damages at $59,872.39 and consequently awarded the
plaintiff $35,923.43 in damages for his injury. Neither the second defendant
nor the plaintiff was pleased with this result and sought to appeal.

20 The judgement states at [2] that it was not disputed that the second
defendant required leave to appeal under section 21(1) SCJA. I pause here to
make an observation. There was no explanation in the judgement as to why this
was so. Perhaps the second defendant did not contend that its liability was
zero on the cross-appeal and argued for a higher level of contributory
negligence only whilst accepting that on a 100% liability, quantum was
$59,872.39. However it seems to me that even if the second defendant accepted
quantum at 100% was $59,872.39, and was contending on appeal that the
plaintiff was totally to blame or for some other reason liable for his own
loss and damage to the exclusion of the second defendant it would appear that
the second defendant did not need leave to appeal as the amount in dispute
would be above $50,000.

21 Leaving that to one side, the second defendant in accepting that it needed
leave to appeal, contended that the plaintiff similarly required leave. Choo
Han Teck J (“Choo J”) disagreed and held that the amount in dispute may well
be the amount claimed by the plaintiff at first instance and not the judgement
sum granted by the appellate court. This would have been correct if the
plaintiff maintained on appeal that his award should have been the sum he
claimed at trial, _viz_ , $188,872.89 and not $59,872.39. Choo J adjudged that
to be the case before him and held that the plaintiff did not need leave to
appeal. More importantly, Choo J held that since there was a sufficiently
strong nexus between the two intended appeals, fairness required that leave be
granted to the second defendant to appeal. But, he added the caveat that just
because one party was allowed to appeal as of right, as the threshold had been
crossed, it did not mean that the other party, whose claim did not exceed the
threshold, would automatically be entitled to leave to appeal as well.

22 The claim in _Ang Swee Koon v Pang Tim Fook Paul_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 733 also
arose from a traffic accident. The plaintiff had his damages assessed by a
district judge who awarded him $51,000 in total: $31,000 for pain and
suffering (neck, back, right knee and right wrist injuries) and $20,000 for
loss of earning capacity. Being aggrieved with both awards, the plaintiff
appealed. No leave was required because the two awards when added together
crossed the section 21(1) threshold of $50,000. After the appeal was filed,
and after the learned DJ issued his grounds of decision, the plaintiff decided
not to appeal against the damages for pain and suffering. Consequently, when
the plaintiff filed his appellant’s case, the appeal was limited to the award
for the loss of earning capacity. Upon the defendant’s objection that leave
was required since the amount in dispute was now only $20,000, Kan J, with
respect, correctly held at [26] that leave was required because the amount in
the dispute in the appeal was now below the $50,000 threshold. The learned
judge then gave the plaintiff (at [30]) an extension of one week from the date
of the judgement to apply to the district court for leave to appeal against
the award on the loss of earning capacity.

23 In his judgement in _Ang Swee Koon’s_ case, Kan J took the opportunity to
review the cases. He pointed, (at [18]), to the passage, (at [9]), of Choo J’s
judgement in _Hua Sheng Tao_ which suggested that in respect of s 21(1) SCJA,
one should look at the amount claimed at the trial:

...

Although the two sections in the same Act differ in that s 21(1) refers to the
amount in dispute while s 34(2)(_a_) refers to the amount at trial, _it seems
to me that there is no justification in applying a diametrically opposite
principle on account of such difference_. It must not be forgotten that the
words 'amount in dispute' in s 21(1) qualify the preceding words, 'in any
civil cause or matter'. So, in so far as one examines the purposive approach
taken by the Court of Appeal, it only reveals that the court ... did not
regard the amount adjudicated by the trial judge to be the pivotal sum for the
purposes of determining whether leave to appeal is required.

[Kan J’s emphasis]

Kan J found this inconsistent with the other authorities reviewed by him. Kan
J held at [25] that he was bound by the decision of the CA in _Augustine
Zacharia_ and that “amount in dispute in the appeal” was the correct test to
apply to section 21(1). He said that we have to look at the amount of the
judgement sum under appeal or the amount in dispute in the appeal (see [21]
and [25]).

24 As noted earlier, we need to remember the ratio and guiding principle set
out by the CA in _Augustine Zacharia’s_ case. The amount we have to consider,
in deciding whether leave is required under s 21(1) SCJA, is the true amount
in dispute in the appeal. We cannot lay down any rigid formula. It all depends
on the facts of each case. These include, but are clearly not limited to, (a)
which party is appealing, (b) what is being appealed against and (c) what the
appellant is contending in the appeal. All these and other relevant factors go
towards ascertaining what the amount in dispute in the appeal is.

25 As the decision in _Ang Swee Koon’s_ case, with respect, correctly
illustrates, the position is not necessarily crystallised at the time the
notice of appeal is filed. It is fluid, and if subsequent to filing of a
notice of appeal as of right the amount in dispute in the appeal is reduced
below the threshold set by s 21(1) SCJA by abandonment of some grounds or
heads of appeal, leave will be required to continue with that appeal.

26 There are other fact permutations or factors which are or may become
relevant in deciding what the true amount in dispute in the appeal is. Some
rather fine distinctions and cases can arise. But if the guiding principle of
the _Augustine Zacharia_ case is kept firmly in mind, then I venture to think
the way through is relatively clear. For example, let us take a situation
where a defendant in the type of cases we have been looking at appeals or
cross-appeals. Assume the plaintiff claims $60,000 for loss and damage arising
out of a road traffic accident and the court awards him $30,000:

(a) If the plaintiff appeals, maintaining that he should have been awarded the
full $60,000 he claims, he requires leave because the amount in dispute in the
plaintiff’s appeal is $30,000.

(b) However, if the defendant then, _ie_ , subsequently, cross-appeals and
maintains at trial and on appeal that he is not liable at all, then the amount
is dispute in the defendant’s appeal, (as far as the defendant is concerned),
is $60,000 and not $30,000 because on appeal the amount in dispute in the
defendant’s appeal is not merely the existing judgement of $30,000 but the
full $60,000 the plaintiff says he is entitled to. It is possible to argue
that amount in the defendant’s appeal can only be the existing judgement of
$30,000 as no court has yet ruled that the plaintiff is entitled to an award
of $60,000 and under the Rules of Court, the defendant can set out in its
respondent’s case in the plaintiff’s appeal the grounds supporting the quantum
to no more than $30,000 and then file separately in its own appellant’s case
the grounds upon which it contends its liability is zero. However I do not
think that is how s 21(1) should be construed and we should look at the true
amount in dispute in the appeal. The defendant in effect is ‘defending’
himself against a judgement of $30,000 which he contends was wholly wrong, it
should have been zero, as well as a claim of an additional $30,000 against him
in the appeal. In such an event, by examining the amounts in dispute in the
appeals, the defendant does not need leave, but the plaintiff needs leave to
appeal. We then have to consider what Choo J said in _Hua Sheng Tao’s_ case,
(see [20] above), where one party appeals as of right but the other has to
seek leave to appeal.

(c) Suppose in the same example, it is the defendant who first files a notice
of appeal against the plaintiff’s award but there is no appeal by the
plaintiff at that point in time; the defendant would need leave to appeal
because the amount in dispute in the defendant’s appeal is less than $50,000.

27 Let us take another, and not unusual, set of facts: assume the plaintiff
claims $90,000 and the defendant denies the whole claim, counterclaims $20,000
and the district court only awards $25,000 to the plaintiff and dismisses the
defendant’s counterclaim. If the plaintiff chooses not to appeal and the
defendant decides to appeal against the judgement of $25,000 and dismissal of
his counterclaim, then the defendant needs leave to appeal under s 21(1)
because the amount in dispute in the defendant’s appeal is the plaintiff’s
award of $25,000 and the dismissed counterclaim of $20,000. However, if the
plaintiff appeals first, claiming that he should have been awarded more than
the sum adjudged due, _viz_ , the $90,000 he claimed at trial, and the
defendant subsequently cross appeals denying the plaintiff is entitled to
anything at all and that his counterclaim should be allowed, then in the
absence of anything more, neither side needs leave to appeal as the amounts in
dispute on either side have crossed the $50,000 threshold.

28 As I noted earlier, taking the facts of _Hua Sheng Tao’s_ case, if the
plaintiff appealed contending that the trial judge’s assessment of damages (on
100% liability) was wrong _ie_ , that it was not $59,872.39 but $188,872.89,
then even if he did not appeal the 40% contributory negligence, there would be
no need to seek leave because 60% of $188,872.69 is above the section 21(1)
threshold. This would be all the more so if the plaintiff was also going to
contend on appeal that he was not guilty of any contributory negligence at
all. In such fact situations, taking into consideration the amount claimed at
trial is not wrong if what was claimed at trial is the amount contended for in
the appeal; the amount in dispute in the appeal is therefore the difference
between the amount awarded to the plaintiff by the DJ and the sum the
plaintiff/appellant contends he is entitled to on appeal, which is the amount
he claimed at trial. If before the plaintiff filed any notice of appeal, the
second defendant appealed contending that (i) it was not liable at all for the
plaintiff’s injuries but that it was the first defendant who should liable for
the full sum, (ii) accepts that quantum at 100% was $59,872.39 and (iii)
accepts the DJ’s ruling on contributory negligence, then the second defendant
would need leave because the amount in the appeal was only $35,923.43. However
the position would be otherwise if the second defendant appealed after the
plaintiff filed his notice of appeal as set out above.

29 There is admittedly room for abuse. Where an appellant inflates his claim,
or for example if the plaintiff in _Ang Swee Koon’s_ case maintains his claim
for pain and suffering without legal justification after the grounds of
decision are published, and only for the purposes of crossing the $50,000
threshold, then he will be penalised in costs, see _Tan Chiang Brother’s
Marble (S) Pte Ltd’s_ case at [24]. If, unusually, a party can show the other
party inflated his claim in bad faith just to cross such a threshold as in
section 21(1), then the court can take a strong stand and treat the case as
one with its true value and not one according to the inflated sum pleaded
_mala fide_ : see _Mason v Burningham_ [1949] 2 KB 545, where Lord Greene MR
(at 552-554) explained the less satisfactorily reported case of _Mayer v
Burgess_ , 4 E & B 655, 119 ER 241 (“ _Mayer v Burgess_ ”). In _Mayer v
Burgess_ , Lord Campbell CJ held at 243:

We must look at the real nature of the cause, not at the amount claimed. It is
clear that here so much as 20 _l_. could not have been recovered; so that
there was jurisdiction under stat. 9 & 10 Vict. c.95, s.58, and it was not
given by stat. 13 & 14 Vict. c.61, in which case only an appeal lies. We
therefore have no jurisdiction to hear this appeal.

30 What of those cases where damages are unliquidated or where quantum has not
been decided because of a bifurcation of issues – does the s 21(1) SCJA
threshold apply at all? There is a question of law involved as well as a
factual question.

31 On the question of law, I think that on its true construction, since s
21(1) specifically sets out a monetary amount, if there is no monetary amount
set out (_ie_ damages are truly at large) then the threshold criterion has no
application. In other words, when damages are truly at large, leave to appeal
is not required. However because of the policy considerations behind and
purpose for the enactment of s 21(1) SCJA, I would add a qualification, _viz_
, provided that on the facts the maximum possible amount in damages when
assessed is not clearly below $50,000.

32 I find some support from the CA decision of _Hailisen Shipping Co Ltd v
Pan-United Shipyard Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 148 (“ _Hailisen Shipping_ ”).
Although this is a case dealing with s 34(2)(a) SCJA, that section similarly
had a specified monetary amount and the court was faced with a situation where
damages were not quantified. A shipyard, PUS, carried out repairs and supplied
equipment to a vessel at the request of its owner, Castle Shipping. Castle
Shipping failed to make payment and on 12 August 2001, PUS caused the vessel
to be arrested. Negotiations ensued and a settlement was reached. Castle
Shipping agreed to pay PUS $310,000 in 3 instalments. The first instalment of
$140,000 was paid and the vessel was released. The second and third
instalments of $85,000 each were to be paid on 14 September and 14 October
2001 respectively. Shortly after the first instalment was paid, Castle
Shipping sold the vessel on 21 September 2001 to Hailisen and the vessel’s
name was changed. Castle Shipping failed to pay the remaining two instalments.
PUS commenced an admiralty _in rem_ action against Castle Shipping claiming
for the balance of $170,000 and on 29 July 2002 caused a warrant of arrest to
be issued against the vessel. Hailisen furnished security of $260,000 and on
10 August 2002, the vessel was released. Hailisen obtained leave to intervene
in the admiralty action and applied to set aside the warrant of arrest on the
ground that a breach of a settlement agreement did not give rise to an _in
rem_ right against the vessel and claimed damages for wrongful arrest. The
assistant registrar set aside the warrant of arrest but did not grant
Hailisen’s claim for damages for wrongful arrest. Both PUS and Hailisen
appealed, the former against the setting aside of the warrant of arrest and
the latter against the refusal to award damages against the wrongful arrest.
Ang J upheld the setting aside of the warrant of arrest and ordered PUS to pay
damages to Hailisen for wrongful arrest of the vessel, such damages to be
assessed.

33 PUS appealed against Ang J’s decision on both issues. Hailisen took out a
motion contending that PUS was not entitled as of right, without leave, to
appeal because the claim _in rem_ was only for the sum of the 2 instalments,
$170,000, and this was below the $250,000 threshold set by section 34(2)(a).
The CA disagreed, holding that what was before Ang J was whether the warrant
of arrest should be set aside and if so, whether there should be an order for
an assessment of damages, stating at [15]:

Neither of them bore any specific value. Indeed the damages to be assessed was
wholly at large. The claim of PUS in the main action could in no way limit the
damages suffered by Hailisen due to the wrongful arrest. Therefore the matter
did not fall within s 34(2)(a) and no leave was required.

We do not know if there was any estimate of damages in the affidavit evidence.
I would venture to guess not given the language used in the judgement quoted
above and the lack of any reference to any sum in the judgement although a
known factor was that the second arrest for which damages were awarded by Ang
J, lasted some 13 days. On my reading of this CA decision, it is authority for
the following rule: no leave to appeal is required under s 34(2)(a) SCJA where
the damages claimed bore no specific value, were to be assessed and were truly
at large, as the matter did not fall within s 34(2)(a) SCJA.

34 In any event, I take the view that the damages in this case, although not
yet assessed, were not truly at large as the value of the damages could be
estimated. Therefore, with respect, I think the learned DJ was wrong in
requiring the parties to obtain leave.

35 First, unless the damages bore no specific value and were truly at large,
the parties and the court must ascertain, as best it can, the amount in
dispute in the appeal on the facts of each case. I accept there will be
difficulties in cases where there is no evidence at all on quantum and one is
therefore in the dark whether the $50,000 threshold has been met or not. In
such a case it behoves counsel resisting an application to dismiss the appeal
for not having crossed the threshold to show that his client’s claim has
crossed the threshold. Perhaps counsel of prudence would also dictate that
somewhere in the opening counsel should state what the envisaged damages are
or the approximate amount being sought even in cases where there has been a
bifurcation of damages, in the event that his client may wish to appeal an
adverse or inadequate award of damages. This is what the learned DJ below
seemed to be saying, perhaps rather wistfully, at [33]:

... If only the plaintiff had told me the amount of his claim, whether in his
opening statement, somewhere in his affidavit of evidence in chief, possibly
even in his closing submissions, there would have been material enough, be it
that it was pure _ipse dixit_ for the purpose of the trial on liability, and
that would have sufficed, for the appeal to go forward without leave. Had the
defendant been alert to the issue of an appeal, he could have secured from the
plaintiff such a statement about his claim quantum. ...

The learned DJ then concluded that unfortunately there was simply no material
before him to satisfy that there was an appeal as of right.

36 Secondly, with great respect, I cannot agree with the conclusion of the
learned DJ. There was material before him to form a view that damages clearly
exceeded the $50,000 threshold under s 21(1) SCJA. Thirdly, where both counsel
responsibly say they agree and accept that the claim exceeds the threshold,
that should be sufficient for the court.

37 The pleadings, the requisite medical reports and the Order 18 rule
12(1A)(b) Rules of Court statement of special damages contained the necessary
material for the court to form a view. There were special damages pleaded in
relation to medical expenses, ambulance services, hospital charges, transport
expenses for treatment, cost of vehicle survey and repairs to the motor cycle,
loss of earnings, loss of Central Provident Fund benefits and loss as a result
of reduced earnings. All this totalled $44,770.45. This did not include
general damages for pain and suffering nor future loss of earnings and future
medical support. There were five medical reports from Changi General Hospital
stretching from 7 August 2006 to 21 April 2008 referring to fractures of the
right distal radius and right transverse processes of thefirst to fourth
lumbar vertebrae, disc degeneration, medication for pain treatment, symptoms
of post-traumatic stress disorder, radiation of back pain to the right
posterior thigh, numbness of two toes, and a “burning pain” sensation at the
lateral aspect of the left calf. The plaintiff complained of continuing pain
even in the neck and right upper limb. There was degenerative disc disease but
whether that was from the accident or from a previous condition was not made
clear in the medical reports. It is very clear that with general damages for
pain and suffering, the total claim would comfortably exceed the $50,000
threshold. The fracture of the distal radius alone would amount to some
$12,000 to $15,000 for pain and suffering, for the four lumbar fractures the
figure, even with overlap would come to amount to approximately $15,000 to
$18,000. Books on quantum for personal injuries would produce these figures.
The court could also get assistance from counsel, if it felt it was necessary.
The medical reports and pleadings show he had stopped working as an aircraft
technician and was working as a concierge. Indeed before me, Mr Athitham,
counsel for the plaintiff and respondent in these proceedings, quantified his
client’s loss and damage at about $252,000 and put the figure for damages for
pain and suffering at $55,000.

38 I accept that there will be some borderline cases where it will be very
difficult to ascertain if the $50,000 threshold has been crossed. However, in
such cases, the parties and/or the courts will have to do the best it can to
ascertain the amount that is in dispute. Invariably such questions will arise
where one party contends that the other needs leave to appeal. Counsel can
then be asked to assist the court in estimating the likely damages in dispute
in the appeal. If counsel cannot agree and each side puts forward a sum
falling on either side of the threshold, then the court will just have to
decide who is more likely to be right, something courts are called upon to do
all the time. There will be no prejudice as such a decision is only to
ascertain quantum for the ‘leave’ stage, and it will not bind the judge who
has to assess quantum eventually.

39 I do not see my decision here as opening the floodgates to allow appeals
from the Subordinate Courts to inundate the High Court. For those claims
arising from road traffic accidents, I think that one would be able to
estimate with reasonable accuracy the likely damages in dispute. I would
venture to say that this would hold true for many, if not most, other kinds of
claims that come before the Subordinate Courts.

40 The new section 21(1) SCJA, which came into effect on 1 January 2011
pursuant to the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment) Act 2010 (Act 30 of
2010), reads as follows:

**Appeals from District and Magistrates’ Courts**

**21**. —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act and any other written law,
an appeal shall lie to the High Court from a decision of a District Court or
Magistrate’s Court —

(a) in any case where the amount in dispute, or the value of the subject-
matter, _at the hearing_ before that District Court or Magistrate’s Court
(excluding interest and costs) exceeds $50,000 or such other amount as may be
specified by an order made under subsection (3); or

(b) with the leave of that District Court or Magistrate’s Court or the High
Court, in any other case.

[emphasis added]

With the inclusion of the words “at the hearing” in the new section 21(1)(a),
it appears that the “amount in dispute _in the appeal_ ” test established by
the case law relating to the previous section 21(1) discussed earlier has
become obsolete.

41 It should also be observed that the new section 34(2)(a) SCJA has similarly
had the phrase “at the trial” deleted and the phrase “at the hearing”
substituted therefor. Sections 21(1)(a) and 34(2)(a) are now uniform insofar
as the determination of the “amount in dispute” is concerned. At the Second
Reading of the relevant Amendment Bill, (see Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report (18 October 2010) vol 87 (at col 1371)) the Senior Minister of
State for Law explained that:

Currently, a party does not require leave of court to file an appeal to the
High Court or the Court of Appeal, as the case may be, if the "amount in
dispute or value of the subject-matter" exceeds $50,000 for appeals to the
High Court; or $250,000 for appeals to the Court of Appeal. Clauses 4(a) and
9(c) amend section 21 and section 34(2)(a) to clarify that the computation of
this monetary threshold does not include interest or costs ordered by the
court. _The amendment also puts it beyond doubt that the respective monetary
thresholds of the High Court and Court of Appeal is computed by reference to
the original amount claimed in the lower court and not the judgment sum
awarded by the court, or the amount in dispute on appeal. This is consistent
with recent Court of Appeal decisions_.

[emphasis added]

Going forward therefore, sections 21(1)(a) and 34(2)(a) SCJA should be
construed in accordance with the _Tan Chiang Brother’s Marble (S) Pte Ltd_
line of authorities, _viz_ , one need only look at the amount in dispute at
the hearing before the lower court. Indeed, this change avoids the
uncertainties of the various hypothetical factual permutations discussed
above.

42 Nevertheless, I think my earlier statements regarding the applicability of
_Hailisen Shipping_ to the previous section 21(1) of the SCJA, as well as my
views on the likelihood of being able to estimate damages even for cases where
there has been a bifurcation of liability and quantum remain relevant to the
application of the new section 21(1)(a) of the SCJA.

43 In the circumstances, I grant the order and declarations prayed for:

(i) The decision of the Learned District Judge made on 1 December 2010 in
Summons No. 19086/2010/Q in DCS 1680 of 2009/R be set aside;

(ii) I declare that no leave is required for the Defendant in DCS 1680 of
2009/R to file an appeal to the High Court against the decision of the Learned
District Judge on liability made on 21 October 2010;

(iii) I declare and order that the Defendant’s notice of appeal dated 2
November 2010 in DCS 1680 of 2009/R shall stand and is valid but time for all
subsequent steps to be taken in the appeal shall be suspended as from 3
November 2010 to a date that is one week from the date of this judgement.

(iv) There be no order as to costs for these proceedings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

