Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zhang Yijun and others _v_ ING Asia Private Bank Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 231

Case Number| :| Suit No 1080 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 304 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tham Wei Chern (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellant/
defendant; Jacelyn Chan (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the respondent/
plaintiff  
Parties| :|  Zhang Yijun and others — ING Asia Private Bank Ltd  
  
24 October 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The defendant bank appealed before me against an order that the trial of
this action be bifurcated. The order below was made upon an application by the
plaintiffs. The first plaintiff is the principal plaintiff. The second
plaintiff is her daughter. The third and fourth plaintiffs are investment
holding companies set up by the first plaintiff. The plaintiffs’ claim in this
action involved five accounts maintained with the defendant and the causes of
action were based on inter alia misrepresentation and breaches of duties by
the defendant as banker.

2 The action is scheduled for trial for ten days commencing on 9 January 2012.
This was fixed at a pre-trial conference held on 15 September 2011 and was
determined on the basis that the action be heard in its entirety. The
affidavits of evidence-in-chief are due to be exchanged on 18 November 2011.
The experts’ reports, however, have already been exchanged on 7 September 2011
pursuant to directions. The experts’ evidence, according to Mr Tham Wei Chern,
counsel for the defendant, will just be affirmations of those reports. The
defendant has one expert. The plaintiffs have three experts, and one of them
resides in Australia.

3 Miss Jacelyn Chan, counsel for the plaintiffs, then applied on 16 September
2011 to have the trial bifurcated. On 30 September 2011, the Assistant
Registrar granted the application in terms. Although the application merely
prayed that “the trial of this matter be bifurcated with the issue of
liability being tried and determined separately and prior to the assessment
and determination of the quantum of damages payable”, both counsel agreed that
it was intended and understood that the order will result in the trial judge
hearing the question of liability and the quantum of damages, if liability is
established, to be determined subsequently by an assistant registrar.

4 Mr Tham submitted that the order should not have been made because an action
should normally be tried in its entirety and it is incumbent upon the party
applying for a bifurcation order to show special reasons why such an order was
necessary. He argued that there were no special reasons shown in this case. On
the contrary, the evidence relating to quantum have already been filed and
exchanged. Thus, the only reason put forward by the plaintiffs, namely, that a
bifurcation would save time and costs, cannot be justified. Counsel argued
that, on the contrary, more time and costs would result from a bifurcation of
the trial because Mr Owain Stone, the expert who resides in Australia and
testifying as an expert witness regarding liability and quantum will have to
make two trips. Parties will also have to spend time on refresher when the
trial is bifurcated.

5 In my view, consideration of the merits of this appeal ought to begin with
the directions given at the pre-trial conference. The parties having settled
on the number of days required for the trial and the trial dates, it is
incumbent upon counsel wishing to change the dates or the number of days to
show on good grounds why changes should be made. The length and dates for
trial are normally, as in this case, calculated in contemplation that the
entire action, namely, liability and damages, will be determined at the same
time. Changes can be made, of course, with reason. Some reasons for changes
are straightforward and reasonable, for example, when a party overestimated
the number of days required because he decided to call half the witnesses he
initially thought he needed; or where the parties subsequently agreed on major
issues that were initially in dispute.

6 In this instance, the cause of action being inter alia misrepresentation and
breach of duties concerning transactions made by the defendant bank to its
customers and which the customers now claim to be made without authority are
matters in which liability, and the quantum of loss are closely connected.
They are so intertwined that it is only reasonable that the action is tried in
its entirety by the same judge. Evidence may show that some transactions were
clearly made, some clearly not made, some made for reasons not supported by
the claims made, and so on. Some of these may result in loss and damage and
some may not. Other peripheral and related matters such as the assessment of
the credibility of witnesses common to the issue of liability and the issue of
quantum should not be made by different judges for obvious reasons. Even if it
became necessary for different judges to hear liability and quantum
separately, the second judge ought generally to be a judge and not an
assistant registrar, not because the latter would be less competent but
because it meant that the right of appeal for one may be exercised twice –
once to the High Court and then the Court of Appeal. Thus, there must be good
reason for this kind of bifurcation. Personal injury cases appear to have been
a long established exception and it is not necessary for me to comment on that
here.

7 If, as Miss Chan now says, the court finds that the plaintiffs fail to
establish liability, and the parties would have saved five days of trial time,
then the plaintiffs should not have agreed at the pre-trial conference for the
exchange of expert reports and the number of days for trial. As it turned out,
the plaintiffs applied to bifurcate shortly after receiving the defendant’s
expert reports on damages. In these circumstances, the claim that there would
be a saving in time and costs is a poor one. It fails to recognise the waste
of the experts’ time in preparing their reports. It also ignores the
possibility that even more costs and time may be wasted in convening a second
trial to determine the quantum of damages. Not only will there be a
duplication of effort for the parties to prove and disprove overlapping
evidence, there will also be unnecessary time, effort, and consequently,
costs, being expended to refresh the historical matters that might already
have been determined but essential to the preparation of the dispute as to
quantum.

8 For these reasons, I am of the view that the appeal be allowed and the order
for bifurcation is set aside with costs here and below to be argued before me
on a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

