Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Yip Holdings Pte Ltd _v_ Asia Link Marine Industries Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 227

Case Number| :| Suit No 399 of 2008 (Registrar's Appeal Nos 389 of 2010 and
391 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Glenn Knight and Susan Jacobs (Messrs Glenn Knight) for
the plaintiff; Walter Ferix Justine (Joseph Tan Jude Benny LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Yip Holdings Pte Ltd — Asia Link Marine Industries Pte Ltd  
  
13 October 2011|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The Assessment of Damages against the Defendant, Asia Link Marine Industries
Pte Ltd, was pursuant to Lai Siu Chiu J’s decision on liability given on 5
June 2009. Interlocutory Judgment was duly entered in favour of the plaintiff,
Yip Holdings Pte Ltd, on its claim with costs, and damages were directed to be
assessed by the Registrar with costs of the assessment reserved to the
Registrar (see _Yip Holdings Pte Ltd v Asia Link Marine Industries Pte Ltd_
[2009] SGHC 136 (“ _Yip Holdings v Asia Link_ ”).

2 The facts giving rise to these proceedings may be briefly stated as follows.
The plaintiff in Suit No 399 of 2008 claimed damages for breach of contract in
relation to, _inter alia_ , damage caused to the plaintiff’s American Hoist
9280 crane (“the Crane”) that was kept at the defendant’s premises pursuant to
an oral agreement made in 1999 (see _Yip Holdings v Asia Link_ at [107] for
the terms). The defendant admitted that on 17 February 2007, the plaintiff had
requested access to the Crane in order to facilitate its removal, and that the
defendant had instructed the Crane to be moved to another yard belonging to
Haruki Machinery Pte Ltd (“Haruki”). Lai J found that the Crane was
unilaterally moved from the defendant’s premises to another location on 18
April 2007, that the plaintiff had no prior knowledge of the defendant’s
instructions to Haruki, and that the defendant did not inform the plaintiff
that the Crane had been moved to another location until 7 May 2007.

3 Haruki had demobilised and dismantled the Crane purportedly to carry out
repairs to the Crane at No 48 Tuas Avenue 9, Singapore (“Haruki’s yard”). From
what had been stated, the dismantling of the Crane involved taking out various
parts of the Crane. However, repairs were never carried out. Instead, the
defendant left the Crane in the open in its dismantled state at Haruki’s yard.

4 The plaintiff’s managing director and major shareholder who testified at the
trial was Yip Fook Chong also known as Ronald Yip (“Yip”). The defendant’s
director and shareholder who testified on behalf of the defendant was Lim
Seong Ong also known as Kenny Lim (“Lim”).

Decision of Lai Siu Chiu J

5 I refer to the trial judge’s finding of facts and legal conclusions on the
liability issue in _Yip Holdings v Asia Link_. The paragraphs that are
relevant to the assessment of recoverable damages are set out hereunder:

102 I found Lim’s explanation as to why he refused Yip permission for [Triple
Gem International Pte Ltd (“Triple Gem”)] to move the [Crane] out from the
yard utterly incredible. As it was the plaintiff and not the defendant which
owned the [Crane], it was of no concern to the defendant whether the removal
from the yard was done by a qualified or unqualified crane contractor. It
would be the plaintiff and not the defendant who would bear the consequences
should it be found that the moving needed to be done by an approved contractor
on MOM’s list.

...

104 As the plaintiff rightly pointed out in its closing submissions [at para
11(b)], Yip responded as expeditiously as possible when Lim demanded that the
[Crane] be removed by 2 January 2007\. On 17 February 2007, the plaintiff was
ready to move the [Crane] to the premises of Triple Gem but was denied access
to the yard by Lim. Lim failed to respond to Yip’s letter dated 17 February
2007 in [30]. After his unilateral move of the [Crane] on 18 April 2007, Lim
still did not inform Yip/the plaintiff of the move until 7 May 2007. It is my
view that the only reason Lim was prompted to respond was due to his receipt
of the letter dated 3 May 2007 from the plaintiff’s solicitors in [33] which
was carbon-copied to Jurong Police station, after Yip had lodged a police
report on Lim’s attempt to move the [Crane] out of Haruki’s yard.

105 What made the defendant’s/Lim’s conduct even more reprehensible was the
fact that Lim had engaged Haruki who were not a qualified contractor for the
make of the [Crane], to dismantle and disassemble [Crane]. Judging by
subsequent events, Haruki not only damaged the [Crane] in the process but
seemed incapable of assembling and/or restoring the [Crane] to its original
state.

106 Lim acted to all intents and purposes as if he was the owner of the
[Crane] to the extent that he denied Yip access to the [Crane] while it was in
the yard. ...

...

109 ...I accepted the plaintiff’s submission that the defendant breached the
oral agreement when it unilaterally moved the [Crane] out of the yard without
the prior knowledge or consent of the plaintiff and against the plaintiff’s
express request to have the move carried out by its appointed contractor,
Triple Gem.

110 It would not even be necessary to consider the plaintiff’s submissions on
the necessary terms to be implied into the oral agreement as Lim himself had
admitted (at N/E 169-170) that he needed to inform the owner should any
equipment stored in the yard be relocated to another area and, when questioned
by the court, he agreed that he would be liable should any damage result from
such a move (see [93] above).

111 Consequently, the [Crane] having been damaged when it was moved and/or
after it was moved, from the yard to Haruki’s yard on the instructions of Lim,
the defendant was liable for the damage caused thereby.

...

113 There can be little doubt that the present deplorable condition of the
[Crane] was entirely attributable to Haruki’s dismantling and disassembling of
the [Crane]. In the words of Spencer (at N/E 98) the condition of the [Crane]
was near scrap value. Spencer’s view was confirmed by none other than the
defendant’s own witness Razak (at para 8.03 of his report) when he said:

The [Crane] had deteriorated to such a state it might not be economical to
repair to bring it back to original working condition.

...

6 The undisputed facts as narrated by Lai J in _Yip Holdings v Asia Link_ are
as follows:

35 The plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendant on 28 May 2007 to say the
latter had breached its obligations to safeguard the [Crane]. Despite the
plaintiff’s various efforts to recover the [Crane], the defendant refused to
respond to the plaintiff’s request to repair and reassemble the crane into
working condition.

36 At the same time as the plaintiff/its solicitors were corresponding with
the defendant, the plaintiff requested Haruki to give a list of replacements
to put the [Crane] into fully operational condition. The plaintiff was anxious
to rebuild the [Crane] as soon as possible so that it could rent it out or
sell it off as at that time, the construction industry was booming in both
Asia and the Middle East with a corresponding high demand for big heavy
cranes.

37 Haruki did give the plaintiff an estimate but it failed to take any steps
to rebuild the [Crane] leaving the [Crane’s] components exposed to the
elements. Notwithstanding Haruki’s inaction, Yip let the market know that the
plaintiff had a 150 ton lifting capacity crane which was available for rent or
sale.

38 Between 7 May 2007 and 7 December 2007, the plaintiff received inquiries
from three interested parties either to buy or to rent the crane. One offer
was from an Indian party (at US$400,000), another from Malaysia (also at
US$400,000) and the third offer was from Haruki itself whose offer was
$300,000 on an “as is where is” basis. The first two interested parties
required the [Crane] to be rebuilt to its fully operational condition.
Unfortunately, the plaintiff was unable to accept either the first or second
offers (Yip rejected Haruki’s offer) because of Haruki’s inaction on the
repair works.

39 Subsequently, Haruki renewed its offer to the plaintiff after the Malaysian
buyer withdrew its offer. On 7 December 2008, the plaintiff’s solicitors
received an offer from Haruki’s solicitors of $300,000 for the [Crane]. The
offer required the plaintiff as well as Yip to given an indemnity. Yip
rejected the offer.

The Assistant Registrar’s Order of 15 September 2010

7 The plaintiff’s Notice of Assessment of Damages, namely, NA 18 of 2008/W
(“NA 18”) was listed for hearing before an Assistant Registrar (“AR”) over
several tranches. The AR’s decision on the quantum of damages recoverable was
given on 15 September 2010 (“the Order of 15 September 2010”). In particular,
the AR awarded:

(a) Damage to the Crane at US$285,000;

(b) Loss of chance of rental at US$48,000;

(c) Cost of torque converter at US$6,000; and

(d) Outstanding amount on the Manitowoc crane at S$65,715.

8 The AR also awarded interest at 5.33% per annum from the date of the Writ of
Summons to the date of assessment with costs of the assessment fixed at
S$53,000 excluding disbursements.

9 Both parties were dissatisfied with the quantum of damages assessed by the
AR and Notices of Appeal to Judge in Chambers were filed. RA No 389 of 2010/J
(“RA 389”) was filed by the Defendant and the scope of the appeal related to
items (a) and (b) of the AR’s Order of 15 September 2010 (see [7] above). RA
No 391 of 2010/E (“RA 391”) was filed by the plaintiff, and the appeal also
related to items (a) and (b). In short, both parties did not appeal against
items (c) and (d) of the Order of 15 September 2010. At the conclusion of the
hearing, I made the following orders:

(a) The defendant to pay the plaintiff the sum of US$395,000 (equivalent to
S$516,265) being the value of the Crane after deducting the sum of US$5,000.
The defendant is to take over the plaintiff’s proprietary interest in the
Crane “as is, where is”;

(b) No damages for loss of rental;

(c) No damages for loss of chance to rent out the Crane; and

(d) Each party to bear its own costs of appeal.

10 I informed counsel at the hearing on 20 April 2011 that I would use the
AR’s exchange rate of US$1 = S$1.307.[note: 1] For the plaintiff’s loss of the
Crane being the value of the Crane, the amount of damages awarded in US
Dollars was US$395,000 after deducting US$5,000. I was informed by Ms Jacob
that in Singapore dollars, the quantum of damages would be S$516,265
(US$395,000 x S$1.307).

11 Given the scope of the defendant’s appeal, I will only be publishing the
reasons for my decision to award the sum of US$395,000 as damages to the
plaintiff for the destruction of its Crane.

The legal principles for assessment in this case

12 To recap, the breaches were that the defendant had refused to allow the
plaintiff to take away the Crane between 17 February and 30 March 2007, and
thereafter the defendant failed to, _inter alia_ , safeguard the Crane in
Haruki’s yard. In April 2007, without the consent and authorisation of the
plaintiff, the defendant unilaterally gave instructions to Haruki (acting on
behalf of the defendant) to dismantle and move the crane to the latter’s yard
which instructions were acted upon by Haruki. In the process of the move, the
Crane, in its dismantled state, was damaged on 18 April 2007. The Crane was
not reassembled and its condition deteriorated over time as it was left in the
open at Haruki’s yard with its components exposed to the elements. Under these
circumstances, the plaintiff is entitled to _restitution_ in _integrum_. As
Andrew Burrows in _Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract_ (Oxford
University Press, 3rd Ed, 2004) (“ _Remedies for Torts and Breach of Contract_
”) observed (at 232):

Whether for torts or breach of contract, the general compensatory aims dictate
that the claimant should be put into as good a position as if its property had
not been damaged.

13 In the context of the present case, how this general compensatory principle
is to be applied will depend on whether the chattel was damaged or destroyed.
In the case of damage to property, the amount by which the value of the
chattel is diminished is usually equated with the cost of repair.
Alternatively, if the damaged chattel is owned for use, the measure of damages
would be the cost of replacement of a similar chattel and loss of use.
However, where the chattel has been destroyed or is a constructive total loss
in the sense that it would be uneconomic to repair, the _prima facie_ measure
of damages is the value of the chattel at the time and place of destruction,
plus any other consequential losses (see _The Liesbosch_ [1933] AC 449 at 464,
per Lord Wright and _Butterworth’s Common Law Series, The Law of Damages_ ,
(LexisNexis, 2010, 2nd Ed) (“ _Butterworth’s Law of Damages_ ”) Chapter 14,
paras 14.01 and 14.02).

14 The burden of proof is on the plaintiff as the party seeking to establish
its entitlement to damages. As for the degree of proof required in respect of
the loss claimed, I refer to and adopt the apt words of Andrew Grubb in _The
Law of Torts_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed at para 6.5) where the author, rightly,
observed:

... it is not possible to say more than that the claimant must prove his
damage with as much degree of particularity as is required in the
circumstances.

15 The impossibility of laying down any definitive rule as to what may
constitute adequate proof of damage means that a court has to adopt a flexible
approach with regard to the proof of damage. This approach was fully explained
by Andrew Phang JA in _Robertson Quay Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants
Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 (“ _Robertson Quay_ ”). The decision at [27] –
[28] and [30] – [31] is particularly instructive:

27 ... [I]t is fundamental and trite that a plaintiff claiming damages must
prove his damage. ... The process of proving damage is an intensely factual
one ... . In the circumstances, it is impossible to lay down any _general_
rules or principles as to what constitutes adequate proof of damages since the
_particular_ factual circumstances can take, literally, a myriad of forms.

28 The law, however, does not demand that the plaintiff prove with complete
certainty the exact amount of damage that he has suffered. Thus, the learned
author of _McGregor on Damages_ continues as follows (at para 8-002):

[W]here it is clear that some substantial loss has been incurred, the fact
that an assessment is difficult because of the nature of the damage is no
reason for awarding no damages or merely nominal damages. As Vaughan Williams
L.J. put it in Chaplin v Hicks [[1911] 2 KB 786], the leading case on the
issue of certainty: “The fact that damages cannot be assessed with certainty
does not relieve the wrongdoer of the necessity of paying damages.” Indeed if
absolute certainty were required as to the precise amount of loss that the
claimant had suffered, no damages would be recovered at all in the great
number of cases. This is particularly true since so much of damages claimed
are in respect of prospective, and therefore necessarily contingent, loss.
[emphasis added]

...

30 Accordingly, a court has to adopt a flexible approach with regard to the
proof of damage. Different occasions may call for different evidence with
regard to certainty of proof, depending on the circumstances of the case and
the nature of the damages claimed. ... The correct approach that a court
should adopt is perhaps best summarised by Devlin J in the English High Court
decision of _Biggin & Co Ld v Permanite, Ld_ [1951] 1 KB 422 (“ _Biggin_ ”),
where he held (at 438) that:

[W]here precise evidence is obtainable, the court naturally expects to have
it. Where it is not, the court must do the best it can.

...

31 To summarise, a plaintiff cannot simply make a claim for damages without
placing before the court sufficient evidence of the loss it has suffered even
if it is otherwise entitled in principle to recover damages. On the other
hand, where the plaintiff has attempted its level best to prove its loss _and_
the evidence is cogent, the court should allow it to recover the damages
claimed.

...

[emphasis in original]

Overview of the parties’ submissions

16 The plaintiff had in its Statement of Claim claimed damages comprising of:

(a) The cost of repairs/replacement;

(b)

The loss of rental income; and

(c)

The costs of recovery and reassembly.

Before the AR, the plaintiff’s former lawyers argued that the defendant should
pay US$500,000 as it was the cost of cure, _ie_ , the cost of repairs or the
replacement cost. Before me, counsel for the plaintiff, Ms Susan Jacob (“Ms
Jacob”), who was assisted by Mr Glenn Knight, explained that the plaintiff
accepted the AR’s assessment of the value of the Crane at US$400,000, but she
argued that, in awarding damages to the plaintiff, the AR was wrong to have
deducted the scrap value of the Crane (_ie_ , US$100,000) from its pre-
accident value of US$400,000. Put another way, the plaintiff’s case at the
appeal before me is that the defendant is liable to pay for the full pre-
accident value of the Crane, and it is for the defendant to take over the
Crane “as is, where is”.

17 The defendant’s arguments toggled between two different positions. This was
because the defendant did not take a firm position as to whether its case was
that the Crane was damaged or that it was destroyed. The first contention was
that the cost of repair should be US$15,000, and in the alternative, the
plaintiff was entitled to only the replacement cost of a similar crane. The
second contention was that if the Crane was beyond repair, counsel for the
defendant, Mr Walter Ferix (“Mr Ferix”) accepted that the _prima facie_
measure of damages was the value of the chattel at the time and place of
destruction. However, he argued that as there was no available market for the
Crane, the plaintiff was only entitled to its current scrap value and no more.
Finally and in the alternative, the value of the Crane in 2007 was S$150,000
based on the fair market value of comparable cranes with similar
characteristics as the Crane. Therefore, the AR was wrong to have assessed the
value of the Crane in 2007 at US$400,000.

18 For expediency, I propose to discuss some of the defendant’s arguments here
since they are short points and hence easily dealt with. First, the contention
that there was no available market for this Crane and, as such, the value of
the Crane undamaged was the same as the value of the Crane damaged, _ie_ , its
scrap value. Mr Ferix argued that it would be impossible to find a 40-year old
150 ton crawler crane in Singapore because the age of obsolescence of cranes
in Singapore was 30 years.[note: 2] By reason of that norm, the Crane was
obsolete and consequently, there would be no available market for such cranes
in Singapore. Therefore, the value of the Crane would be its scrap value. Not
only was the legal basis for his contention suspect (see [36]-[41] below), Mr
Ferix appeared to have disregarded the evidence of the defendant’s own
expert’s valuation of the Crane which was supposedly based on the comparable
values of cranes with similar characteristics as the Crane (see [49]-[50]
below).

19 Second, Mr Ferix argued that the plaintiff had neither used the Crane for
many years nor attempted to sell or rent the Crane. Developing his argument,
Mr Ferix submitted that it would be akin to the plaintiff receiving a windfall
if the latter was awarded as damages the value of the used Crane. Mr Ferix’s
point was a nonstarter. The law in this area is quite clear and it is set out
succinctly in “ _Butterworth’s Law of Damages_ ” at para 14.03:

... Damages are awarded to a goods owner for loss or damage to the goods
themselves, rather than for pecuniary loss as such. Put another way, an owner
can generally be awarded the above measure of damages for destruction or
injury, whether or not he is actually impoverished as a result. For example,
if a car is destroyed, it is nothing to the point that the owner did not in
fact drive it, or that he might have given it away in the future.

See also _The Mediana_ [1900] AC 113 at 117.

Mitigation of Damages

20 Earlier before the AR, the defendant argued that no damages should be
awarded for the damage to the Crane because the plaintiff had failed to
mitigate its losses. The AR summarised the defendant’s arguments on mitigation
and her decision was as follows:[note: 3]

**_Damage to crane_**

When he was represented by his previous solicitors, the Defendant’s position
was that the crane was already damaged prior to its being moved from the
Defendant’s yard to Haruki’s yard. His present counsel now informs the court
that having perused Lai J’s judgment, the Defendant now accepts that a finding
had been made that the crane was not damaged prior to its removal. However,
the Defendant now submits that the damage occurred after it was moved to
Haruki’s yard and hence, because the Plaintiff had failed to mitigate his
losses thereafter, no damages should be awarded on this head.

PW2 [Yip] has testified that DW1 [Lim] and Haruki Lim had prevented him from
accessing the crane during the material time (_ie_ around the time of breach,
and after). As I prefer PW2’s testimony over DW1’s, I accept PW2’s evidence on
this. Accordingly, D/C’s submission on this point is not sustained. Even if
the damage to the crane was not caused by the act of dismantling the crane
improperly, if DW1 prevented PW2 from accessing the crane, PW2 obviously will
not be in any position to mitigate his losses. However, on this point, I
accept PW2’s evidence that the damage to the crane was caused by the act of
dismantling the crane improperly, and this was done by Haruki on the
Defendant’s instructions.

21 Before me, Mr Ferix repeated the same arguments that were canvassed at the
hearing of NA 18. I found difficulty with Mr Ferix’s submissions that the
plaintiff chose to “go after the defendant for damages instead of reassembling
the crane and selling/renting out the Crane”. It was alleged that (a) the
Crane and been removed to Haruki’s yard on or about 18 April 2007, (b) the
plaintiff was aware of that fact on the same day or shortly thereafter, (c)
the plaintiff, initially, could have reassembled the Crane at a cost of
US$15,000 but wilfully chose not to do so, and (d) the plaintiff could have
sold the Crane to Haruki soon after 18 April 2007, but chose not to do so. In
relation to the cost of cure at US$15,000[note: 4], the submission was that
Yip could have taken action soon after 18 April 2007, and the subsequent
deterioration in the condition of the Crane was not recoverable from the
defendant. I also found difficulty with Mr Ferix’s statement that the “damage
to the [Crane] was done only after it was allowed to waste away at Haruki’s
yard by the [plaintiff]”. It was alleged that the plaintiff did not attempt to
reassemble the Crane but chose to allow the Crane’s component parts to lay
exposed to the elements thereby causing the Crane to waste away.

22 Two points may be made. First, it seemed to me that the defendant was re-
arguing the liability issue when the trial judge had expressly ruled against
the defendant in _Yip Holdings v Asia Link_ at [111] (see [5] above). Those
findings should be read with [61], [113] and especially Lai J’s further
observations at [93]-[94] of _Yip Holdings v Asia Link_ :

93 Although he had initially prevaricated when first questioned by counsel for
the plaintiff, Lim eventually agreed when pressed by the court (at N/E 172)
that if the [Crane] was damaged while it was being moved within the yard, he
was liable.

94 In relation to moving the [Crane] to Haruki’s yard without the plaintiff’s
consent, Lim further admitted that as a result of his instructions, Haruki
practically took out all the parts of the [Crane] which were then left in the
open at Haruki’s yard. He accepted that he was responsible for the present
state of disrepair of the crane.

23 Second and more importantly, mitigation of damages as a defence must be
properly pleaded and proved. Mr Ferix’s contention that the plaintiff’s loss
was due to its failure to mitigate was raised at the hearing of NA 18. The AR
should not have permitted and entertained the arguments because there was no
plea of mitigation of damages in its Defence. The state of the defendant’s
pleadings contravened the established procedural rule that an assertion that
the plaintiff had failed to mitigate its loss must be pleaded and proved by
the defendant relying on it (see _Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v Ann
Lee Pte Ltd_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 288 at [71] following _Geest plc v Lansiquot_
[2002] 1 WLR 3111 at [16]; and recently _The “Rainbow Star”_ [2011] 3 SLR 1 at
[56]).

24 There is no gainsaying the importance of a specific plea of mitigation of
damages as a defence following the restatement of the principles of mitigation
by the Court of Appeal in _The Asia Star_ [2010] 2 SLR 1154. For present
purposes, V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court), _inter alia_ ,
observed at [24]: (a) mitigation of damages involves an inquiry as to the
reasonableness of the innocent party’s action or inaction after the breach,
and (b) ordinarily it is the defendant’s burden of proving that the innocent
party had failed to take reasonable steps to mitigate its loss, and that the
burden is not one that is easily discharged. In his overview of the law
relating to mitigation of damages, Rajah JA pointed out at [31] that whilst
the standard of reasonableness is said to be an objective one, it also takes
into account subjective circumstances such as the aggrieved party’s financial
position. Accordingly, the reasonableness inquiry falls short of being purely
an objective one. Furthermore, since the question of mitigation is a question
of fact, and the circumstances in which the plaintiff was placed by the breach
dictated its action or inaction, they would be matters of materiality that
must be pleaded with as much particularity as would be required in the
circumstance.

25 Significantly, two applications were taken out by the defendant late, long
after RA 389 and RA 399 were filed. The defendant’s first application was
related to mitigation of damages. Summons No 86 of 2011 (“SUM 86”) filed on 10
January 2011 was for leave to adduce further evidence by filing the Affidavits
of Evidence-in-Chief of two persons from Haruki, namely, Lim Choon Bock and
Samy Nathan, the defendant’s director and manager respectively. Interestingly,
the defendant wanted to show through the two witnesses from Haruki that once
the Crane was moved to Haruki’s yard, the defendant had nothing to do with the
Crane, that it was a matter between Haruki and the plaintiff, that Haruki did
not stop the plaintiff from accessing the Crane, and finally, that the
condition of the Crane was not as bad as it was made out to be by the
plaintiff. The application was dismissed by me on 31 January 2011. The
defendant had not appealed against the dismissal of SUM 86. I was of the view
that SUM 86 was made too late in the day, and above all, it was a veiled
attempt to re-visit and re-litigate the liability issue which it could no
longer do so. Neither could the defendant adduce evidence on failure to
mitigate when mitigation was not pleaded in its Defence. Previously, Lai J had
(a) commented on the glaring absence of Haruki’s representative as a witness
in the liability trial despite the pivotal role of Haruki’s director, Lim
Choon Bock, who dealt with the defendant’s Lim, and (b) recorded in the
judgment the defendant’s acknowledgement that it was responsible for the state
of disrepair of the Crane whilst it remained at Haruki’s yard (see _Yip
Holdings v Asia Link_ at [72] and [94]).

26 The defendant must have realised that its pleadings were deficient for the
latter on 28 January 2011 applied _vide_ Summons No 431 of 2011(“SUM 431”) for
leave to amend the Defence to plead that the plaintiff had failed to mitigate
its loss. No particulars of the failure of the plaintiff to mitigate were
provided. It was telling that Mr Ferix withdrew SUM 431 on 14 February
2011.[note: 5]

27 In the premises, those parts of the defendant’s submissions that traversed
the issues of liability and mitigation of damages were not considered by me.

Discussions and decision

28 I now turn to the Assessment of Damages with the relevant legal principles
in mind (see [12]-[15] above). In this particular case, the defendant refused
to allow the plaintiff to move the Crane in February and March 2007 and the
Crane was later dismantled. Due to the damage sustained by the Crane on 18
April 2007, the delay associated with the non-repair of the Crane, the neglect
and abuse of the Crane, the plaintiff was permanently deprived of the Crane.
Put another way, this damage to property is analogous to the pecuniary loss
consequent on a breach of contract where the damaged property is said to
correspond to a deprivation of the contractual benefit which, in this case was
to, _inter alia_ , safeguard the Crane (see _Remedies for Torts and Breach of
Contract_ at p 232).

29 By way of background and clarification, the defendant at the hearing of NA
18 had initially adopted the position that the Crane was not in a working
condition when it was kept at the defendant’s premises. However, midway
through the hearing, the defendant changed its position, and Mr Ferix accepted
that Lai J had made a finding of fact that the Crane was in a working
condition.[note: 6] Consequently, an application was made for leave to file an
affidavit from an expert witness, Mr Leng Kwang Chiang (“Mr Leng”) to testify
on the value of the Crane in 2007 based on the value of a working crane of the
type of crane in question.[note: 7] Mr Leng filed his Affidavit of Evidence-
in-Chief on 16 June 2010. A supplementary affidavit was filed on 21 July 2010
to correct typographical errors in Mr Leng’s earlier affidavit.

30 The evidence adduced at the hearing of NA 18 pertained to the following:

(a) repair of the Crane would be completely uneconomical as it would cost
about US$500,000; and

(b) the value of the Crane as determined by the respective experts called by
the parties.

I will consider the evidence in turn.

Crane was a constructive total loss

31 Ms Jacob submitted that the cost of repair would be US$500,000, and that
what was left of the damaged Crane was its scrap metal value of US$100,000. I
was reminded that, at the trial on liability, Lai J at [113] of Yip Holdings v
Asia Link had found the Crane to be in a deplorable condition and that it was
near scrap value. The trial judge accepted the evidence of the plaintiff’s
expert witness, Mr Spencer Kenneth Harold Spencer (“Mr Spencer”) that the
Crane had been neglected and abused. Lai J at [61] noted:

... Spencer opined that the [Crane] had been neglected and abused. He surmised
that the parts had been taken off by hacking and that they were not
professionally removed by experienced engineers. Many of the major parts had
been dismantled and dumped on the ground with some parts beyond repair while
others had rusted and would need to be replaced. There was little evidence of
maintenance work and the condition of the [Crane] was such that it was near
scrap value.

32 The trial judge also noted the evidence of the defendant’s own witness, Mr
Abdul Razak, a marine engineer, who agreed with Mr Spencer’s view on the state
of deterioration of the Crane and opined that it might be uneconomic to repair
to reinstate it to previous working condition (see [5] above). Mr Spencer had
estimated the total cost of repair to be about US$500,000 excluding the other
costs of lifting equipment such as a forklift, a small crane and an 85 ton
crawler crane for the rebuilding and reassembly of the Crane (see _Yip
Holdings v Asia Link_ at [62]).

33 Before me, Mr Ferix confirmed that the condition of the Crane was not an
issue at the hearing of NA 18 as it was already decided by Lai J. Before the
AR, the defendant did not adduce evidence of the cost of repair of the Crane
in its damaged state.

34 On the other hand, the plaintiff called Mr Ian Drysdale Banks (“Mr Banks”)
as its expert witness. Mr Banks testified on 9 April 2010. He had inspected
the Crane on-site and seen its condition before writing his report. Mr Banks
opined that it was commercially not viable to repair the Crane for it would
cost the sum of US$500,000.[note: 8] The cost of repairs in the sum of
US$500,000 did not take into consideration the cost of replacing the main boom
which was found to be in an unusable condition. The condition of the various
component parts of the Crane was described in detail and the report contained
his recommendations on whether they were serviceable or had to be replaced. Mr
Banks assessed the Crane’s scrap value to be US$100,000.

35 The AR accepted that it was uneconomical to repair the Crane. She proceeded
to assess damages based on the value of the Crane at the time and place of
destruction. I agreed with the AR that the Crane was a constructive total
loss.

Value of the Crane: pre-breach

36 The Crane was manufactured in 1967. It was an old and second-hand crane
that was no longer in production as its manufacturers were no longer in
business. The market was unable to supply any close replica or suitable
replacement of what had been lost. Damages were awarded for the loss of the
Crane. In other words, the loss was _prima facie_ the value of the Crane. A
question for consideration is how is the value of the Crane to be assessed?

37 One way of putting a monetary figure on the value of the chattel is to use
“market value”. Market value is looked upon as the fairest way to objectively
assess the value of a chattel destroyed at the place and the time of the
wrong. The function of an available market as the basis upon which to
determine compensation in damages in a case involving negligent damage to
goods was explained by Coleman J in _Derby Resources AG and another v Blue
Corinth Marine Co Ltd_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 410 (“ _Derby Resources_ ”).
Colman J’s explanation (which is of general application) states (at 416):

The relevance of an available market in this exercise is thus simply to
provide evidence of the monetary value of the goods, both in their sound
condition and in their damaged condition.

Thus, in cases where the chattel can be replaced in the market, evidence to
assess compensation to the owner for the destroyed or lost chattel is easily
available. It is not disputed that expert evidence may be given of the market
value of the chattel as it was at the time and place of destruction (see _The
Harmonides_ [1903] P 1 at p 5-6).

38 However, if the market value cannot be determined or will be inadequate
because of the special or unique nature of the chattel, the value of the
chattel must still be ascertained, and the court has to do the best it can on
the available evidence. This is because the exercise required to quantify the
damages would involve the same objective and principle: the value of the
chattel at the time and place of destruction.

39 I now come to what evidence the court can take into consideration if there
is no meaningful market value. The commentary in para 14.11, _Butterworth’s
Law of Damages_ is instructive:

... [W]here there is otherwise no meaningful market value, the court must
attempt as best it can to value what was lost, or rather to determine what it
was worth to the claimant. For these purposes the admissible evidence ranges
widely. Courts have taken into account original cost less depreciation,
evidence of earnings (in the case of a chattel such as a ship), insurance
appraisals, bona fide offers, sales of similar chattels or agreed resale
prices.

40 Another suggestion that is instructive is gathered from Coleman J’s
observations in _Derby Resources_ (at 416 – 417):

There may be cases where the probative value of market prices at different
place or at different dates is weak but where the monetary value of the goods
indicated by that evidence can be corroborated by other evidence from the
place of delivery at the time of delivery with the result that on the whole of
the evidence the court can reach a conclusion. It is, however, important to
keep in mind that the purpose of the exercise is to ascertain the objective
monetary value of the goods, not their utility to the receiver in the
circumstances peculiar to him.

41 Finally as stated, the value of the Crane is assessed at the place and time
of the wrong. This is the general rule that damages for tort or breach of
contract are assessed as at the date of the breach. It is recognised in the
cases that such an inquiry may be factually difficult, and should not be
applied mechanistically in circumstances where assessment at another date may
more accurately reflect the compensatory principle (see _Dodd Properties
(Kent) Ltd v Canterbury City Council_ [1980] 1 WLR 433). Thus, events
occurring between the date of damage and the date of trial may fall to be
taken into account (see Scrutton LJ in _The Kingsway_ [1918] P 344 at 362).

42 In the present case, the AR held that it was “fair to assess the value of
damage to the crane by taking ... the value of the crane as at the date of
breach (February/March 2007)”.[note: 9] In my view, what the AR meant to say
was that she would determine the Crane’s pre-breach or pre-accident value, and
she rightly identified the period to be in “February/March 2007”.

43 I now come to the evidence of the expert witnesses.

44 The plaintiff’s expert witness, Mr Banks, was the Managing Director and co-
owner of Mobile Crane Asia Pte Ltd. The defendant’s expert witness, Mr Leng
Kwang Chiang (“Mr Leng”), was the Director of Valuations, Asia of GoIndustry
DoveBid Pte Ltd.

45 Mr Banks stated at paragraph 4 of his Affidavit that he has had extensive
experience working in the crane business industry having worked over 30 years,
holding various roles in engineering, sales and senior management, in three of
the largest companies in the industry, namely Grove Crane, Krupp and Demag
Cranes, which was acquired by Terex Cranes in 2002.[note: 10]

46 In preparing his report, Mr Banks read and considered Mr Spencer’s
affidavit evidence filed for the trial on liability. He also gathered the
condition of the Crane from the evidence given by Yip and Mr Spencer at the
trial.[note: 11] Mr Banks also spoke to Yip. On 15 February 2007, Yip
inspected the Crane with one Chan Yeng Sum of Triple Gem with the view of
estimating the labour and equipment cost of moving the Crane out of the
defendant’s premises. Photographs of the Crane were taken at the time. Mr
Banks also inspected the Crane on-site before writing his report. He put
forward a figure of US$400,000, in part based on his understanding that the
Crane was refurbished in 1997, and that its value at that time was US$550,000
and it was financed to this amount. He had not seen evidence to cast doubt in
his mind that the Crane was not refurbished in 1997. In re-examination, Mr
Banks elaborated that these types of cranes were built to last, and the older
ones were built to enable refurbishing to be done, unlike the modern ones.
Maintenance, working conditions and climatic conditions would play a part in
the working life span of the cranes.[note: 12]

47 Based on his knowledge of the market in 2007, the figure of US$400,000 was
what the Crane could be sold to his client in 2007, and on the assumption that
the Crane was in a working condition.[note: 13] Mr Banks also explained that
second-hand cranes were in demand between 2007 and 2009 because of a world-
wide shortage.

48 In cross-examination, Mr Banks was asked a second time how he had arrived
at the figure of US$400,000:[note: 14]

Q:And your final sentence is that you estimate the next value of the crane in
February 2007 is in the region of US$400,000. Can you explain how you arrived
at this figure?

A:From my knowledge of the market at the time. This is how I make my living.

Q:And this was based on the assumption that the crane was in good working
condition.

A:Yes

49 On the other hand, Mr Leng was of the view that the Fair Market Value of
the Crane in 2007 would be S$150,000.00.[note: 15] Fair Market Value was
defined in Mr Leng’s appraisal report as:[note: 16]

A professional opinion of the estimated most probable price expressed in terms
of currency to be realised for property in an exchange between a willing buyer
and a willing seller, with equity to both, neither being under compulsion to
buy or sell, and both parties fully aware of all relevant facts, as of the
effective date of this appraisal report. Both the buyer and the seller
acknowledge that the assets must be dismantled and removed at the buyer’s
expense.

50 Mr Leng’s valuation was on a “Desktop” basis (meaning that a physical
inspection of the crane was not made). He considered that the closest guide to
the Crane’s value was to be found in certain comparables which he had put
together in a table. The table was annexed to his appraisal report. As stated
earlier, the defendant was no longer disputing Lai J’s finding that the Crane
was in a working condition when it was handed over to the defendant,[note: 17]
and as such, Mr Leng’s evidence was based on comparable cranes in a working
condition.

51 Yip had testified that the Crane was meant for the offshore industry which
was the plaintiff’s main business.[note: 18] He explained that the Crane was
not “a standard production”. It had to be specially ordered for the offshore
industry, and was thus unique. He said: [note: 19]

...

The special features are: the boom is ordered specially with a “92 inch”,
high-lift boom. 92-inch refers to the diagonal measurement, the length of the
boom. Whereas a standard boom for a 150-ton crawler crane is only 77 inches.
The cords of the base unit has a 5 inch diameter, the outer section is reduced
to 3.5 inches. In comparison to the standard boom, the outer cord is 3 and
a-half inches, if I remember correctly. This 92-inch boom actually was
designed as part of one model higher of the American hoist, the crane
identified as 9310. This 9310 is rated at 225-tons, as opposed to 150. The
tracks of the standard-sized crawler crane is 44-inches, whereas on my 9280,
it is equipped with a 50-inch track. Again this track is taken from 9310. The
chassis of the 9280 also have an option available, to extend the track by
about 2 and a half feet wider. All these options are needed for offshore
operation because the crane will be mounted on a barge in the open sea, where
it is subjected to marine environment, waves action etc. I have perused the
Notes of Evidence of in respect of PW1’s testimony for the AD given on 9 April
2010- he testified that under ISO standards, the crane capacity is
automatically reduced or downgraded by 40%, in the marine environment. With
these features identified, then the crane is suitable for working in the
environment. The wider track gives you stability... .

52 Yip’s reference to Mr Banks’ evidence on the downgrading of the Crane for
off-shore operations was further explained in cross-examination:[note: 20]

But for offshore operations, for a marine environment, we select features to
compensate the downgrading of the ISO features of the lifting capacity by 40%.
To overcome that, we select components from a bigger crane to compensate, and
they came up with a new number only for this crane, 9280. So it’s more like a
special built model.

53 Yip also gave evidence before the AR that there had been approaches to buy
the Crane in 2007. I was mindful that the same evidence was previously noted
to be undisputed by Lai J in [38] of her decision (see [6] above). One
interested party was Skyboom from India, and the other was See Yong & Sons
from Malaysia. Yip referred to his Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief filed for
the liability trial where he had recounted that between May and December 2007,
one Ashni Suchdev of Skyboom was prepared to buy the Crane at US$400,000 if it
was in a fully operational condition.[note: 21] Yip’s offer to Mr See Fann of
See Yong & Sons was to sell the Crane, rebuilt by Haruki, at US$400,000.[note:
22] There was Haruki’s offer to buy the Crane “as is, where is” for
S$330,000.[note: 23]

54 In my view, the expert’s opinion of value in the present case had to
operate on the basis of experience and judgment as opposed to having material
on the basis of which to offer analytical approaches. I accepted the AR’s
reasons for preferring the opinion of Mr Banks. Mr Banks had extensive
knowledge, expertise and experience in the heavy crane industry for over 30
years where he had held various roles in engineering, sales and senior
management in three of the largest companies in the industry. The Crane in
question was built by the American Hoist Company. The American Hoist Company
was acquired by Terex Cranes, of which Mobile Crane Asia Pte Ltd was the
official agent. In this sense, Mr Banks had particular knowledge and
experience of cranes manufactured by American Hoist Company.

55 In contrast, Mr Leng’s experience as a licensed appraiser and valuer was
more broad-based and general. Mr Leng possesses a certificate in ship building
and engineering from Ngee Ann Polytechnic. During his career as an appraiser
and valuer, he had valued cranes of different makes. In his report under the
heading “Use of the Appraisal”, he wrote:[note: 24]

... to provide [the defendant] with the documentation necessary for
determining the potential value of the asset and financial decision making.

56 The AR noted that Mr Leng had told the court that he made his assessment
based on internet information and general sources from trade magazines.[note:
25] His answers at cross-examination assisted in evaluating his experience and
expertise: [note: 26]

Q:Please tell the court your qualifications.

A: _I have a certificate in shipbuilding and engineering from Ngee Ann
Polytechnic_.

...

Q:Have you ever been involved in the sale, use, maintenance or inspections of
American crawler cranes?

A: _Ok, my career is an appraiser or valuer. So I’m only involved with
inspection and appraisal of cranes_.

...

Q:In the past, you physically go to see the crane but now, you are doing more
_desktop appraisals_?

A:Yes.

...

Q:Am I right to say that your job scope as a desktop appraiser, you will just
get the necessary information pertaining to that machine, and make an
evaluation based on the documents?

A:Yes.

Q:Does your company hold yourself out to be specialists in American crawler
cranes?

A:No, because we are not so called dedicated dealers of maintenance company.
We are an appraising and auctioneering company.

...

Q:The plaintiff’s expert had opined that the price of cranes had gone up due
to the construction boom from 2007 to 2009, and this was a factor he
considered. What are your views?

A:Actually, the boom was from 2005. It is the truth, it is worldwide, China is
the biggest consumer, this knowledge was given to me by people in the
business.

[emphasis added]

57 From the answers above, it is evident that Mr Leng was lacking in terms of
experience, expertise or knowledge of American crawler cranes. Furthermore, I
noted from the table and the printouts attached to his report that the
comparable cranes he had identified as having similar characteristics as the
Crane were located in various states in America. Significantly, his valuation
of S$150,000 was based on a sale “as is, where is” to be removed at the
expense of the buyer[note: 27] and that valuation would not assist the court
as the appropriate measure of damages would have to include the notional cost
of transportation to Singapore. More importantly, the cranes listed in the
table prepared by Mr Leng were for use on land rather than of the type used
offshore in a marine environment with the special features identified by Yip
in his testimony (see [51]-[52] above).

58 Mr Leng was informed by the defendant that the length of the boom was 100
feet and based on that advice, Mr Leng commented that this length was
impractical in the sense of its proportion and utility.[note: 28] When told
that the Crane’s shorter boom was not for lifting but for offshore dredging
purposes, he agreed with counsel’s statement. However, he claimed without
explanation that the Crane could be used offshore as well as onshore and that
it was not a dedicated offshore crane.[note: 29] In the end, he conceded that
the Crane would have to be converted to be used for onshore operations.[note:
30] Later, when pressed by counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Leng accepted that if
the Crane had the special features Yip talked about, the features would be
considered as enhancements, and that his valuation would be different in the
sense that the value would be dependent on the level of enhancement.[note: 31]

59 From the overall evidence, Mr Leng’s evidence lacked probative value. In
contrast, Mr Banks provided more cogent and convincing evidence. Besides, the
monetary value of the Crane could be corroborated by the offer Yip received
from Ashni Suchdev of Skyboom who was prepared to buy the Crane at US$400,000
if it was in a fully operational condition.[note: 32]

60 The figure of US$400,000 represented a reasonably conservative figure for
what its value would have been if the defendant had not acted in breach of
contract. It was accepted that in February 2007, an engine of the Crane had to
be repaired[note: 33] and that it would cost US$5,000 to do so.[note: 34]
Against the figure of US$400,000, a sum of US$5,000 had to be deducted.
Notably, the next sum of US$15,000 was the cost to reassemble the Crane. It
was an expenditure that arose because the defendant had wrongly caused the
Crane to be dismantled. I agreed with Ms Jacob that the AR was wrong to have
deducted this sum from the value of the Crane. Finally, I concluded that the
defendant should take over the Crane “as is, where is” since the award of
US$395,000 was for damages in full. Accordingly, there should be no deduction
of the scrap value of US$100,000 from the figure of US$400,000.

61 Given that each side was partially successful in respect of its own appeal,
I ordered that each side is to bear its own costs.

* * *

[note: 1]NOA dated 20 April 2011

[note: 2]Defendant’s Further Skeletal Submissions dated 19 April 2011 at paras
13-14

[note: 3]AR’s NOE dated 15 September 2010 at p 4

[note: 4]Defendant’s skeletal submissions dated 16 February 2011 at para 152

[note: 5]AR Leong’s Minute Sheet dated 14 February 2011

[note: 6]Affidavit of Walter Ferix filed 9 June 2010 at para 3

[note: 7]Summons No 2262/2010

[note: 8]Banks’ affidavit filed 18 January 2010 at paras 5 & 6

[note: 9]AR’s NOE dated 15 September 2010 at p 5

[note: 10]Banks’ Affidavit filed 18 January 2010 at para 4

[note: 11]AR’s NOE dated 9 April 2010 at p 7

[note: 12]AR’s NOE dated 9 April 2010 at p 14

[note: 13]AR’s NOE dated 9 April 2010 at pp 8 & 9

[note: 14]AR’s NOE dated 9 April 2010 at p 9

[note: 15]Defendant’s Bundle of Expert Reports and Affidavits for NA No 18 of
2010, p 26

[note: 16]Mr Leng’s AEIC filed 16 June 2010 at p 20

[note: 17]AR’s Minutes dated 9 June 2011 to Summons No 2262/2010

[note: 18]Yip’s AEIC filed 18 January 2010 at paras 12 & 19

[note: 19]AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at pp 2 & 3

[note: 20]AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at p 11

[note: 21]AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at pp 16 & 21

[note: 22]AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at p 34

[note: 23]AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at p 27

[note: 24]Leng Kwang Chiang’s AEIC filed 16 June 2010 at p 20

[note: 25]AR’s NOE dated 15 September 2010 at p 3.

[note: 26]AR’s NOE dated 9 July 2010, pp 2 to 7

[note: 27]Leng Kwang Chiang’s report at 23 of Bundle of Expert Reports and
Affidavits

[note: 28]AR’s NOE dated 9 July 2010 at p 9

[note: 29]AR’s NOE dated 9 July 2010 at p 11

[note: 30]AR’s NOE dated 9 July 2010 at p 13

[note: 31]AR’s NOE dated 9 July 2010 at p 14

[note: 32]AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at pp 16 & 21

[note: 33]AR’s NOE dated 28 April 2010 at p 8

[note: 34]AR’s NOE dated 9 April 2010 at p 11 & AR’s NOE dated 18 June 2010 at
p 36

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

