Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGCA 52

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 1 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) and James Chai (James
Chai & Partners) for the appellant; Winston Cheng and Samuel Chua (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 7.]

13 October 2011|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_Public Prosecutor v Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus_ [2010] SGHC 7 _(“Kamrul”_)
convicting the appellant, Kamrul Hasan Abdul Quddus (“the Appellant”), of the
charge of committing murder by causing the death of one Yulia Afriyanti (“the
deceased”). We dismissed the Appellant’s appeal, and now give our reasons.

Facts

2 The Appellant was a construction worker and Bangladeshi national. He was the
lover of the deceased, a domestic helper and Indonesian national. The personal
relationship between the Appellant and the deceased was tumultuous. They first
became lovers in January 2007, and by September 2007, they had made plans to
marry. The Appellant then returned home to Bangladesh on vacation. In early
October 2007, the deceased broke off the relationship when she discovered that
the Appellant was already married and had a wife in Bangladesh. Two weeks
later, the deceased began a new relationship with one Joseph Guerzon Corpuz
(“Corpuz”).

3 When the Appellant returned to Singapore in November 2007, he called the
deceased’s hand-phone when she was with Corpuz. Corpuz answered the call as
the deceased did not wish to answer it, and identified himself as the
deceased’s boyfriend. The Appellant reacted in anger, proclaimed that he was
the deceased’s real boyfriend and swore at Corpuz and Corpuz’s family. The
deceased told the Appellant not to disturb her as she was in a relationship
with Corpuz, and the Appellant responded by insisting that the deceased was
still his girlfriend. However, despite their arguments, the Appellant and the
deceased resumed their relationship sometime in late November 2007. On 2
December 2007, the deceased met a friend, Listiyana, who testified at the
trial that the deceased had told her that the Appellant would kill the
deceased if she broke up with him. On 9 December 2007, the deceased met Corpuz
to terminate her relationship with him and told him that she would marry the
Appellant in January 2008. However, the deceased and Corpuz continued to send
each other intimate SMS messages by hand-phone at the same frequency as they
did before the break-up. (The hand-phone that the deceased used to communicate
with Corpuz belonged to Corpuz, but he asked the deceased to keep it so that
they could still communicate with each other.)

4 Despite the deceased’s break-up with Corpuz, her relationship with the
Appellant remained tempestuous – they continued to argue in the course of
their SMS messages to each other. In an SMS message sent on 12 December 2007,
she told the Appellant that it would be better if they broke up. However, on
15 December 2007, the deceased told three witnesses (who testified at the
trial) that she was going to the airport with the Appellant the following
morning to pick up his mother and his sister, who were coming to Singapore to
meet her to discuss the wedding plans. The three witnesses were: (a) her
sister, Leni Apriyana; (b) her mother, Yulismawati; and (c) Corpuz. The
deceased also sent an SMS message to another witness, her friend Nausatar,
giving her the same information and inviting her to a party at the Appellant’s
house on 20 December 2007.

5 At 1.48am on 16 December 2007, the morning of the deceased’s death, the
Appellant sent the deceased an SMS message asking her to wake up quickly:
“Lia, pls fts [faster] wake up ok.” He did not receive a reply from her. The
Appellant then made a total of five consecutive missed calls to her hand-phone
in an attempt to wake her up at, respectively, 1.55am, 1.57am, 2.00am, 2.03am
and 2.07am. At 2.09am, the deceased replied with an SMS to the Appellant
stating thus: “Ray edy bkg [barking] how?” Ray was one of the names the
deceased used to refer to the Appellant and Edy was the deceased’s employer’s
family dog. This was the last documented communication between the deceased
and the Appellant.

6 The deceased’s body was found at 9.50am later that morning in a box left in
the storeroom of unit #03-10, Block 3 (“the Unit”) at the construction site of
Viz@Holland (“the Site”). The forensic pathologist, Associate Professor
Gilbert Lau, testified at the trial that the deceased was killed by
strangulation at approximately 4.12am that morning. The Appellant was arrested
later in the morning when he was working at the Site. After he was arrested,
the Appellant claimed in his statements to the police that he did not kill the
deceased. He further claimed that he had been asleep in his dormitory
throughout the early morning on 16 December 2007, and that the deceased had
told him that she was going to the airport with Corpuz to fetch Corpuz’s
family.

The decision below

7 At the trial, the Prosecution adduced various pieces of evidence in the form
of both direct evidence and witness testimony. The direct evidence included
the pathological findings and forensic report for the autopsy conducted on the
deceased’s body, items recovered from the Appellant’s person and locker at his
dormitory after he was arrested, the call and SMS records of the Appellant’s
and the deceased’s respective hand-phones, as well as the ten investigation
statements made by the Appellant to the police after his arrest (“the
Investigation Statements”), which were admitted with the Appellant’s consent.
At the close of the Prosecution’s case, counsel for the Appellant made a
submission that there was no case to answer.

8 The Judge rejected the submission and called on the Appellant to enter his
defence. However, the Appellant elected to remain silent, and did not call any
witnesses to give evidence on his behalf.

9 After examining the evidence before him, the Judge held that the Prosecution
had discharged its burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that the
Appellant had murdered the deceased. The Judge also drew an adverse inference
against the Appellant from his decision to remain silent. He further held that
the lies and inconsistencies in the Investigation Statements satisfied the
_Regina v Lucas (Ruth)_ [1981] QB 720 (“ _Lucas_ ”) test as they were
deliberate lies on material issues indicating a consciousness of guilt, such
that they amounted to corroboration of the circumstantial evidence that the
Appellant had killed the deceased. The Judge thus convicted the Appellant of
murder and sentenced him to the mandatory death sentence.

Issues that arose on appeal

10 The following issues were raised by the Appellant on appeal:

(a) whether, on the evidence, a _prima facie_ case had been made out against
the Appellant at the close of the Prosecution’s case, such that the Judge was
correct in calling upon the Appellant to enter his defence;

(b) whether the Judge properly drew an adverse inference from the Appellant’s
election to remain silent;

(c) whether the Appellant’s lies satisfied the _Lucas_ test, such that they
could be used to corroborate the circumstantial evidence that the Appellant
had killed the deceased; and

(d) whether the Judge rightly held that the Prosecution had proved its case
against the Appellant beyond a reasonable doubt.

We found that none of the Appellant’s grounds of appeal had merit, and thus
dismissed the appeal accordingly. The reasons for our findings on each ground
will be elaborated in turn in the discussion which follows.

Whether a _prima facie_ case had been made out against the Appellant at the
close of the Prosecution’s case

11 _Haw Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 (“ _Haw
Tua Tau_ ”) laid down the test to be applied at the close of the Prosecution’s
case to determine whether a _prima facie_ case against the accused had been
made out which, if unrebutted, would warrant his conviction. _Haw Tua Tau_ at
[15] stated:

The Prosecution makes out a case against the accused by adducing evidence of
primary facts. It is to such evidence that the words “if unrebutted” refer.
What they mean is that for the purpose of reaching the decision called for by
s 188(1) [of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 113, 1970 Rev Ed)] the court
must act on the presumptions: (a) that all such evidence of primary fact is
true, unless it is inherently so incredible that no reasonable person would
accept it as being true; and (b) that there will be nothing to displace those
inferences as to further facts or to the state of mind of the accused which
would reasonably be drawn from the primary facts in the absence of any further
explanation.

12 This test was applied in _Tan Siew Chay and others v Public Prosecutor_
[1993] 1 SLR(R) 267, where this court emphasized at [67] that the same test is
to be applied regardless of whether the evidence is direct or circumstantial.
The Prosecution’s evidence must be considered in its totality, and “[a]ll that
is required at this stage of the proceedings is a minimum evaluation of the
evidence as a whole” (see _Public Prosecutor v IC Automation (S) Pte Ltd_
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 799 at [17]).

13 Applying these principles, we were of the view that the Judge was correct
in calling for the defence on the basis of the primary facts found by him and
summarised at [37] of _Kamrul_ as follows:

(i) the deceased’s death on 16 December 2007 was caused by asphyxia due to
strangulation,

(ii) the deceased had informed her family and friends on 15 December 2007 that
she would be going with the [Appellant] to the airport to meet his mother,

(iii) the [Appellant] was at the [Site] where the deceased’s body was
discovered on 16 December 2007,

(iv) the [Appellant’s] EZ Link card shows that a trip was made on SBS bus
service No 93 to a bus stop near the [Site] at 12.05 am on 16 December 2007,

(v) although the [Appellant] knew of the body in the box and suspected that it
was the deceased, he kept silent about the deceased, [Corpuz] and the box
until after his arrest,

(vi) swabs taken from the deceased’s groin, vagina and external genitalia
yielded DNA that matched the [Appellant’s] DNA. (Of particular significance is
that DNA from a swab of the deceased’s rectum which tested positive for semen
under the presumptive acid phosphatase test matched the [Appellant’s] DNA),

(vii) items belonging to the deceased were recovered from the [Appellant]’s
locker,

(viii) the deceased’s torn work permit was in his possession, and

(ix) the [Appellant] lied

(a) that he and the deceased had never thought of marriage,

(b) that the deceased was planning to go to the airport with [Corpuz] on 16
December 2007 (see [24] & [28]),

(c) that he had bought the watch recovered from his locker for his wife (see
[32]),

(d) that he had possession of the deceased’s mobile phone when they parted
company on the night of 15 December 2007. (The call tracing records of his
telephone number 826XXXXX record calls between this telephone number and the
deceased’s telephone number between 10.50 pm on 15 December 2007 and 2.10 am
on 16 December 2007). This shows that he was not in possession of both phones
at the same time), and

(e) that he received a call from the deceased on 16 December 2007 at about
4.30 am on his telephone 902XXXXX while he was in his room in the dormitory.
(The call tracing records of telephone number 902XXXXX have no record of such
a call.)

14 Additionally, we agreed that the evidence adduced by the Prosecution to
support the primary facts was cogent and corroborated by both the accounts of
the Prosecution’s witnesses and the physical evidence. One example of such
corroboration was the fact that there were three witnesses who all testified
that the deceased told them that she was going to the airport to meet the
Appellant’s family, and there was a text message saying the same thing sent by
the deceased to a fourth witness, Nausatar.

15 Although the evidence against the Appellant was circumstantial in
character, we agreed with the Judge that having regard to the physical
evidence linking the Appellant to the deceased, coupled with the witnesses’
testimonies and the various untruths told by the Appellant, the inference was
irresistible that the Appellant had sex with the deceased and had strangled
her.

Whether the court below properly drew an adverse inference from the
Appellant’s election to remain silent

16 Section 196(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
provides that the court may draw such inferences from the accused’s silence as
appear proper:

(2) If the accused —

(a) after being called upon by the court to give evidence or after he or the
advocate representing him has informed the court that he will give evidence,
refuses to be sworn or affirmed; or

(b) having been sworn or affirmed, without good cause refuses to answer any
question,

the court, in determining whether the accused is guilty of the offence
charged, may draw such inferences from the refusal as appear proper.

17 In the present case, there were no eyewitnesses to the deceased’s death. As
the person whose DNA was found on the deceased’s corpse in the Unit at the
Site and who was the last person to have seen the deceased alive, the
Appellant was the best and only person to explain what happened to the
deceased on the day of her death. His refusal to testify in his own defence to
explain the incriminating evidence against him meant that he could not offer
any credible explanation. Hence, the Judge was justified in drawing an adverse
inference from the Appellant’s decision to remain silent. The inference was
not being used as a makeweight, but rather to reinforce strong circumstantial
evidence adduced at the close of the Prosecution’s case. To adopt the words of
this court in _Oh Laye Koh v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] SGCA 102 (“ _Oh Laye
Koh_ ”) at [15], “[t]he circumstantial evidence stacked up against the
[Appellant] … had been so damning in nature as to demand that he proffered
some explanation for the death of the [deceased].”

Whether the Appellant’s lies satisfied the _Lucas_ test, such that they could
be used to corroborate the circumstantial evidence that the Appellant had
killed the deceased

18 After the Appellant elected to remain silent and decided not to call any
witnesses, the Judge re-examined and re-evaluated the reliability of the
evidence against the Appellant and concluded at [47]–[56] of _Kamrul_ :

47 In addition to that, the lies listed in [37] may also be taken into
consideration. The applicable rules were set out by the English Court of
Appeal in _Regina v Lucas (Ruth)_ [1981] QB 720 (“ _Lucas_ ”) where Lord Lane
CJ ruled at p 724 that:

Statements made out of court, for example, statements to the police, which are
proved or admitted to be false may in certain circumstances amount to
corroboration.

…

To be capable of amounting to corroboration the lie told out of court must
_first_ of all be deliberate. _Secondly_ it must relate to a material issue.
_Thirdly_ the motive for the lie must be a realisation of guilt and a fear of
the truth. The jury should in appropriate cases be reminded that people
sometimes lie, for example, in an attempt to bolster up a just cause, or out
of shame or out of a wish to conceal disgraceful behaviour from their family.
_Fourthly_ the statement must be clearly shown to be a lie by evidence other
than that of the accomplice who is to be corroborated, that is to say by
admission or by evidence from an independent witness.

[emphasis added]

For convenience, I will refer to a lie which satisfies the four conditions as
a _Lucas_ lie.

48 In _PP v Yeo Choon Poh_ [1994] 2 SLR 867 (“ _Yeo Choon Poh_ ”), our Court
of Appeal endorsed and applied those rules (substituting “the judge” for “the
jury”) and explained at 876 that:

the mere fact that an accused tells lies should not be taken as evidence of
his guilt, but that lies can in certain circumstances amount to corroboration
because it indicates a consciousness of guilt.

49 In _Lucas_ , the court was dealing with a case where the prosecution had
relied on the evidence of an accomplice. In England an accomplice’s evidence
requires corroboration, and the Court of Appeal held that the accused’s lies
can constitute corroboration.

50 Corroboration is required or is considered desirable for some forms of
evidence, e.g. evidence of victims of sexual offences and children, and
evidence on identification. However, any form of evidence can be strengthened
by corroboration.

51 For any lie to be taken as corroborative evidence, the four conditions in
_Lucas_ must be met, whether or not corroboration is required. However, there
is a statement in _PP v Lau Boon Huat_ [1997] SGHC 148 at [53] that:

In R v. Lucas, Lord Lane CJ laid down 4 tests to decide whether a lying
statement amounted to corroboration. These tests were laid down in a case
where corroboration was a special requirement in that the nature of that case
made it incumbent to make a special effort to look for corroboration or
consider the lack of corroboration. In the present case there is no special
requirement for corroboration of the accused's guilt. I have already
considered the effect of all the lies of the accused on the rest of his
evidence and came to the conclusion that because of the lies he could not be
believed and that some of them demolished his own case. The lying statements
of the accused did not call for a special consideration.

This should not be taken to mean that the tests only apply in situations where
there is a special requirement for corroboration. The tests have been applied
in cases where there were no special requirements for corroboration eg, _Yeo
Choon Poh_. Lies which satisfy the tests may amount to corroboration in any
sort of case.

52 When a lie offers corroboration, it does that by corroborating some
existing evidence, as was made clear in _PP v Chee Cheong Hin Constance_
[2006] 2 SLR 24 at [92] that:

An accused’s deliberate lies on material issues can corroborate _other
evidence_ against him.

[emphasis added]

53 Statements appear in some judgments that lies can corroborate guilt. In
_PP_ v _Manogaran s/o R Ramu (No. 2)_ [1997] SGHC 121 at [62], the court held
that person’s lie “can amount to corroboration of his guilt”. In _Bala Murugan
a/l Krishnan v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 289, it was ruled at [22] that an accused
person’s lies “could be relied on as corroborating evidence of his guilt”. In
_Jagatheesan s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR 45 at [83], it was stated that
a “lie may very well be used by the Prosecution as corroboration of the
[accused] witness’s guilt”.

54 These statements were not intended to be extensions of or departures from
_Lucas_ , which was cited as authority in each case. In all three cases, the
court acted on evidence (other than the lies) that the lies corroborated.
_Lucas_ is not to be construed to mean that an accused person can be convicted
because he had lied. The true effect of _Lucas_ is that a person’s lies may
corroborate other evidence against him, and the corroborated evidence may
establish his guilt. Lies are not evidence of guilt.

55 Reverting to the present case, the question remains whether the
[Appellant’s] lies are _Lucas_ lies. The five lies identified in [37]
satisfied the four conditions in _Lucas_. All five lies were deliberate. They
have been contradicted by clear evidence. They related to material issues in
the investigation, ie, his relationship with the deceased, whether they were
in each other’s company on the morning of 16 December 2007, how the deceased’s
belongings came to be in his possession, and his whereabouts at about 4.30 am
on 16 December 2007. When he told these lies, he must have realised that if he
told the truth, it would link him to the deceased’s death.

56 The result is then that the lies corroborated the circumstantial evidence
that the [Appellant] had killed the deceased.

19 We agreed with the Judge’s finding that the Appellant had lied in the
manner described by the Judge (the Appellant’s lies were clearly shown to be
such by the testimony of the Prosecution’s witnesses as well as by the
deceased’s things found in the Appellant’s possession), and with the Judge’s
conclusion on the corroborative effect of the lies. However, we would also add
that the circumstantial evidence adduced by the Prosecution was so strong
that, even if the Appellant had kept silent on the matters on which he was
found to have lied, it would have been sufficient to prove his guilt beyond a
reasonable doubt – the next issue which we will examine.

Whether the Prosecution proved its case against the Appellant beyond a
reasonable doubt

20 In cases where the Prosecution’s case is based wholly on circumstantial
evidence, the various strands of circumstantial evidence are to be considered
cumulatively at the end of the trial to see if the Prosecution has proved the
guilt of the accused beyond a reasonable doubt. In this regard, “[w]hilst each
piece of evidence of a circumstantial nature may be insufficient of itself for
the purpose, the various strands of evidence considered together in totality
may be strong enough to prove the guilt of the accused beyond a reasonable
doubt” (see _Oh Laye Koh_ at [16]).

21 In the present case, the direct evidence produced by the Prosecution
incriminated the Appellant. DNA samples examined from swabs taken from the
following areas of the deceased’s body, _viz_ , the left groin, right thigh,
perineum, vagina, rectum and external genitalia, were found to contain the
Appellant’s DNA and seminal fluids. The Appellant’s fingerprints were also
found in the Unit where the deceased’s body was discovered, specifically, on
the glass door of the shower screen in the master bedroom bathroom. A piece of
chewing gum containing the Appellant’s DNA was also found in the room. The
cleaner who had cleaned the room earlier on the day of the murder testified
that he had not seen any chewing gum then.

22 A watch and other items belonging to the deceased were recovered from the
Appellant’s locker when the police went to search it after his arrest.
Additionally, two torn pieces of the deceased’s work permit were recovered
from a plastic bag found in the Appellant’s trouser pocket.

23 Furthermore, the travel records on one of two EZ-link cards seized from the
Appellant suggest that he was in the vicinity of the Site around the time of
the murder. The records on that EZ-link card showed that it had been used for
a journey on SBS bus service No 93 which started at 11.35pm on 15 December
2007 from the bus stop opposite Eunos Link, which was next to the Appellant’s
dormitory. The user had alighted from the bus at about 12.05am on 16 December
2007 at either the bus stop opposite Tulip Garden at Farrer Road or the bus
stop opposite Holland Hill Lodge at Queensway, both of which were a short
walking distance from the Site. The fact that the Appellant was found with
that EZ-link card in his possession strongly suggests that he made the
aforesaid trip and was thus present in the vicinity of the Site at 12.05am on
the morning of the killing. This inference is strongly supported by the fact
that the earlier travel patterns recorded on both of the EZ-link cards seized
from the Appellant were consistent with the Appellant’s account of the various
bus and train journeys he had been making up till the 11.35pm trip on 15
December 2007 in terms of sequence, mode of transport, location and time.

24 We accordingly agreed with the finding of the Judge that the composite
picture presented when the circumstantial evidence was considered cumulatively
was sufficient to prove the case against the Appellant beyond a reasonable
doubt.

Conclusion

25 For the above reasons, we dismissed the appeal and affirmed the conviction
and the sentence imposed by the Judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

