Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Azman bin Kamis _v_ Saag Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known
as Derrick Services Singapore Pte Ltd) and another suit  
[2011] SGHC 181

Case Number| :| Suit No 183 of 2010 (Summons No 2768 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramasamy K Chettiar (Instructed counsel) (Acies Law LLC)
and Mohammed Nasser Ismail (Md Nasser Ismail & Co) for the plaintiff in Suit
No 183 of 2010; Krishna Morthy (S K Kumar & Associates) for the plaintiff in
Suit No 717 of 2009; Tito Isaac and Ho Seng Giap (Instructed counsel) (Tito
Isaac & Co LLP) and Hong Heng Leong (Ang & Partners) for the defendant in Suit
No 183 of 2010 and the first defendant in Suit No 717 of 2009; K Anparasan and
Grace Tan (KhattarWong) for the second defendant in Suit No 717 of 2009.  
Parties| :|  Azman bin Kamis — Saag Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Derrick Services Singapore Pte Ltd)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 55
and 56 of 2011 were allowed by the Court of Appeal on 30 November 2011. See
[2012] SGCA 7.]

2 August 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 The parties in Suit No 183 of 2010 and Suit No 717 of 2009, posed a question
of law under O 14, r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) to
be determined on the agreed facts set out below. The question of law, as
amended by consent of the parties and with leave of the court, reads as
follows:

Whether the Plaintiff’s causes of action in Suit No 183 of 2010 [or Suit No
717 of 2009] against the Defendant [or the First Defendant, in the case of
Suit No 717 of 2009] have been extinguished and/or barred and/or precluded
from being maintained consequent to the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement
dated 3 July 2008 which has been duly completed, performed and fulfilled
according to its terms by 4 May 2009.

2 Having heard counsels’ submissions, I delivered my decision that the
plaintiff’s causes of action in Suit 183 of 2010 and, subject to the
assumption in [14] below, the plaintiff’s causes of action in Suit 717 of
2009, respectively, against the defendant/first defendant have not been
extinguished and/or barred and/or precluded from being maintained consequent
to the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement dated 3 July 2008 (“the Scheme”)
which was by 4 May 2009 successfully completed and terminated. I now set out
the grounds for my decision on this question of law on the following agreed
facts.

Summons No 2768 of 2010 in Suit No 183 of 2010

3 The plaintiff in Suit No 183 of 2010 suffered injuries due to an industrial
accident on 14 August 2007. On 21 September 2007, the plaintiff’s solicitors
wrote to the defendant (then known as “Derrick Services Singapore Pte Ltd”) to
request for the defendant’s industrial accident report on the full nature of
the accident, the plaintiff’s injuries and the scope and costs of the
treatments which the plaintiff had to undergo as a consequence of the
accident.

4 On 21 November 2007, the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) wrote to the Company
to request for Azman’s medical report. Azman later filed a claim under the
“Workmen’s Compensation Act” on 7 April 2008 (“Azman’s WCA Claim”). It should
be noted that the Company’s liability to Azman whether under WCA or at common
law was and continues to be covered by a valid insurance policy taken out by
the Company. Azman’s solicitors subsequently wrote to the MOM on 15 March 2010
to inform it that Azman had decided to pursue his claim for damages under
common law and that the MOM was to hold the matter in abeyance until further
notice. The MOM later replied to Azman’s solicitors to inform them that it
considered Azman’s WCA Claim to be withdrawn.

5 Azman then filed a writ for breach of employers’ duty and breach of
statutory duty on 16 March 2010 against the Company, his employer.

6 Shortly after Azman first filed his WCA Claim, the provisional liquidators
of the Company procured an investor who pursuant to an investment agreement
conditional upon creditor approval of a scheme of arrangement, would acquire
control of the Company. The Company then issued a notice to creditors of a
meeting to be convened on 25 July 2008 to consider the Scheme. This notice was
sent to all Scheme Creditors (as that term is defined in the Scheme – see
below at [17]). Azman averred that he did not receive any notice of the
Scheme. The Scheme’s meeting of creditors was advertised in _The Straits
Times_ on 3 July 2008. Azman avers that he was unaware of the advertisement as
he does not read the English newspapers. The Scheme was duly approved by
creditors attending the creditors’ meeting and a notice was issued and
advertised in _The Straits Times_ on 8 August 2008 of a court hearing on 25
August 2008 for court approval of the Scheme that had been approved by the
creditors. The court approved the Scheme on 25 August 2008 and the Scheme took
effect on 26 August 2008 when the Scheme and court approval were filed with
the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority.

7 The Company admits that it had been notified and was aware of Azman’s
industrial accident prior to the approval of the Scheme. It is not disputed
that the Company is covered by a valid insurance policy in respect of Azman’s
claim.

8 The Scheme provided that the cut-off date to submit proofs of debt (“the
Claims Cut-Off Date”) was 22 October 2008. Azman did not submit any proof of
debt by this date or thereafter. Azman did not participate in the Scheme nor
did he receive any payments under the Scheme. The Scheme was terminated on 4
May 2009 by the Scheme’s manager (“the Scheme Manager”), upon the fulfilment
of all its terms. The Scheme Manager was then discharged on 11 May 2009. The
Company, having successfully restructured and compromised its debts, is now
operating unburdened by the Scheme.

Summons No 4266 of 2010 in Suit No 717 of 2009

9 The plaintiff in Suit No 717 of 2010, Shaik Abu Bakar bin Abdul Sukol
(“Shaik”), suffered injuries due to an industrial accident on 4 February 2008.
Shaik was also an employee of the Company. The Company then filed a report of
the accident with the MOM. The report, which was filed on 11 February 2008,
indicated that it was filed under the “WCA Act [_sic_] [_ie_ , the Workmen’s
Compensation Act] only”. This report indicated that Shaik was claiming for
“Workmen Injury Compensation” (“Shaik’s WCA Claim”).

10 Shortly thereafter, the Company went into provisional liquidation on 24
March 2008 and it subsequently entered into the Scheme (see [6], above).
Unlike the situation with Azman, Shaik had earlier notice of the creditors’
meeting. Shaik had also received notification on 27 August 2008 that the court
had approved the Scheme and that he was to file a proof of debt.

11 Shaik had also submitted original medical bills to the Scheme Manager on 14
August 2008 after the meetings of the creditors to consider the Scheme were
held. The Scheme Manager submitted to the Company’s insurance company the
bills which had not been paid. The MOM later issued a “notice of assessment of
compensation” under the “Work Injury Compensation Act” for the sum of $29,400
on 20 October 2008. The insurance company filed its objection to the notice of
assessment. Apparently, the Scheme Manager later issued a cheque for $1,235.25
to Shaik in “full and final settlement” of his claim on 9 January 2009.

12 Like Azman, Shaik did not submit any proof of debt by the Claims Cut-Off
Date.

13 Shortly before the Scheme was discharged, on 8 April 2009 Shaik gave notice
to the MOM of his intention to proceed with a claim under common law and,
accordingly, he withdrew his WCA Claim. On 20 August 2009, Shaik commenced
this suit against the first and second defendants.

14 Some preliminary points pertaining to Shaik’s case should be noted, before
I proceed further. It is worth reiterating that Shaik neither submitted a
proof of debt nor did he vote in the creditors’ meeting. It is also worth
noting that it was common ground that merely making his WCA Claim does not
abrogate his common law claims and that he is entitled to withdraw his
application and pursue his common law claims in court (see _Ying Tai Plastic &
Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 212 at
[25]). The final preliminary point is that the legal significance of the
Scheme Manager’s payment to Shaik of a cheque for $1,235.25 in “full and final
settlement” of his claims in respect of the MOM’s assessment of the payable
sum of $29,400 on his common law causes of action in Suit No 717 of 2009 was
not argued before me. There was only a reference, without further elaboration,
in Shaik’s affidavit that he had received a cheque for that amount in “full
and final settlement of [his] claim against the [Company]”. For the purpose of
the question of law before me, I expressed to the parties that I would be
assuming for the purpose of this question of law, that the part payment by the
Scheme Manager did not amount to a compromise by agreement within or apart
from the Scheme, between the Scheme Manager or the Company and Shaik of his
WCA Claim and his common law causes of action. If the part payment made by the
Scheme Manager or the Company was in fact a “full and final settlement” of
Shaik’s compromised claims and common law causes of action, then he would be
barred from pursuing Suit No 717 of 2009 for reasons independent of the
question of law posed before me.

The factual setting of the question of law

15 The question of law posed on these agreed facts is a novel but fundamental
one which does not appear to have been addressed head on. This is either
because the principles of law relating to the legal effect of schemes of
arrangement are well settled or because the question of law on the factual
matrices of these claims has not hitherto been squarely posed. I should begin
by saying that the question of law is posed on the agreed factual matrix of a
successfully completed and terminated scheme. The question is not posed within
the context of an ongoing scheme. Now that the Scheme has been successfully
completed and terminated in accordance with its terms, are Azman and Shaik
(collectively referred to hereafter as “the plaintiffs”) barred as a matter of
law from instituting their claims against the Company by reason of the Scheme?
It is common ground that these claims are not barred by any statute of
limitation.

16 The Company submits that the Scheme had the legal effect even after the
successful completion and termination of the Scheme, of extinguishing the
insured contingent tortious claims because the plaintiffs had not filed a
proof of debt as required by the Scheme document. Therefore, it is argued that
the Company is completely and absolutely discharged from all such unproven
claims as provided by clause 5.4 of the Scheme.

The relevant provisions of the Scheme

17 The relevant provisions of the Scheme document are set out as follows:

**1.** **Definitions**

1.1 In this Scheme, except where the context or subject matter otherwise
indicates or requires, the following expressions shall have the meaning set
out opposite or following the expressions respectively:

...

**Excluded Creditors** means Preferential Creditors hereto and persons to whom
any rights of the foregoing persons have been assigned or transferred, and
Excluded Creditor means any one of the Excluded Creditors;

…

**Preferential Creditors** means any person who has a claim against the
Company that would be entitled to priority in the case of a winding-up of the
Company as set out in Schedule 1.

[Namely, “4) fourthly, all amounts due in respect of workmen’s compensation
under the Workmen’s Compensation Act accrued before, on or after the
commencement of winding up”;]

…

**Distribution Sum** means the aggregate sum of:

(i)the sums realized by the Provisional Liquidator;

(ii)the sums realized and/or to be realized by the Scheme Manager;

(iii)the sum of US$1,000,000 less GBP 100,000 paid to the Company pursuant to
the investment agreement signed between the Company, SAAG (S) Pte Ltd,
Deradmin and the administrators of Deradmin dated 30 May 2008;

less

(i)the sums set aside for payment to Preferential Creditors; and

(ii)the sums set aside for the fees, remuneration including legal fees and
others expenses of the Provisional Liquidator and the Scheme Manager.

…

**Liability** means any obligation, liability or indebtedness of a person
whether it is present, future, prospective or contingent, whether its amount
is fixed or unliquidated, whether it arises in contract, tort, restitution or
otherwise, whether or not it involves the payment of money, which arises at
common law, in equity, by statute (in Singapore or in any other jurisdiction)
or which arises pursuant to a valid assignment or a valid authority to pay any
amount on behalf of a person or in any other manner whatsoever provided that
such expression does not include any obligation or liability which is barred
by statute or one for which no remedy may be granted or is otherwise
unenforceable. For the avoidance of doubt, where any obligation or liability
under a contract or policy is void or, being voidable, has been duly avoided,
no obligation or liability shall arise in respect of such obligation or
liability;

…

**Proof of Debt** means a declaration executed by a Scheme Creditor in respect
of the Scheme Claims claimed against the Company, in the form annexed hereto
as Schedule 4, or in such other form acceptable to the Scheme Manager;

…

**Scheme** means this scheme of compromise and arrangement including all such
amendments, additions and variations thereto as may be required, approved or
sanctioned by the Court in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Act;

**Scheme Claim** in relation to any Scheme Creditor means the total amount of
Liabilities (including any Liabilities that had been agreed between the
Company and the respective Scheme Creditor but had not paid prior to 24 March
2008), if any, as at 24 March 2008 for which the Company is or may be liable
to that Scheme Creditor (whether contingently or otherwise) after deducting
the value of any Security held by the Scheme Creditor, in respect of or
arising from any and all act, omissions, agreements, transactions, dealings,
matters and events whatsoever effected, occurring or otherwise taking place at
any time prior to the 24 March 2008, and which determination shall be subject
to the provisions of this Scheme;

**Scheme Creditor** means a creditor of the Company (other than an Excluded
Creditor) who has a Scheme Claim;

…

**Scheme Creditor’s Resolution** means a resolution passed at any Scheme
Creditors’ Meeting with the support of a majority in number of the Scheme
Creditors present and voting (whether in person or by proxy) on the resolution
and whose Scheme Claim at that time in aggregate constitutes more than 50% of
the total of the Scheme Claims of all the Scheme Creditors present and voting
on the resolution;

...

**2\. The Scheme**

2.1 **Preliminary**

2.1.1The purposes of this Scheme which is proposed by the Company are to
procure, in consideration of the matters set out in this Scheme the discharge
and release of all claims by Scheme Creditors relating to the Scheme Claims
against the Company.

2.1.2The Company proposes and agrees, subject to acceptance by the requisite
majority of Scheme Creditors at the Court Meeting and approval by the Court of
this Scheme pursuant to Section 210 of the Act, to implement this Scheme.

…

**3.** **Proof of Debts, Barring of Claims and Dispute Resolution**

3.1 The admission of any proof of debt or any voting form __for the purpose of
voting__ at the Court meeting convened for any purpose including the purpose
of approving this Scheme shall __not__ constitute an admission of the proof of
debt or voting form by the Scheme Manager or the Company to any claim or the
amount claimed in the proof of debt or voting form for the purpose of
distribution and payment of the Cash Entitlement.

3.2 For the purpose of seeking payment in respect of a Scheme Claim, each
Scheme Creditor of the Company shall, no later than the Claims Cut-Off Date,
submit by way of __pre-paid registered post or personal delivery__ , to the
Scheme Manager at the Specified Address, a Proof of Debt relating to that
Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim.

3.3 The value of all Scheme Claims of any Scheme Creditor who fails to submit
a Proof of Debt on or before the Claims Cut-Off Date shall be deemed to be
zero. For the avoidance of doubt, and as an independent stipulation, in such a
situation, the relevant Scheme Creditor shall be bound by the terms of the
Scheme.

3.4 The amount of the Scheme Claims of each and all the Scheme Creditors shall
be determined by the Scheme Manager, and notified by the Scheme Manager to the
Company and each and all the Scheme Creditors, within seven (7) Business Days
of the Scheme Manager’s Ascertainment Date.

**4.** **Ascertainment of Scheme Claims**

4.1 The amount of the Liability of the Company to each and all the Scheme
Creditors in respect of their Scheme Claims shall be determined by the Scheme
Manager.

4.2 Each Scheme Creditor and the Company shall be deemed to have agreed and
accepted the Scheme Manager’s determination of the amount of the Scheme
Creditor’s Scheme Claim for the purposes of payment of the Cash Entitlement as
set out in the notice issued by the Scheme Manager pursuant to Clause 3.4,
save and to the extent of any notice of the Scheme Creditor or the Company
submit to the Scheme Manager, by way of __pre-paid registered post or personal
delivery__ , at the Specified Address stating that it disagrees with and or
disputes such amount of the Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim ….

4.3 In the event that the Company or any Scheme Creditor submits to the Scheme
Manager a notice … stating that it disagrees with or disputes the amount of
its Scheme Claim determined by the Scheme Manager, then, unless otherwise
agreed in writing between the Scheme Creditor and the Company the amount of
the Scheme Claim of that Scheme Creditor shall be determined by the
Independent Adjudicator. …

…

4.5 Subject to any mandatory applicable law, the determination of the
Independent Adjudicator in respect of any differences or disputes referred to
him pursuant to any provision of this Scheme shall be final and binding on the
Company and the Scheme Creditor, and there shall be no right of appeal
therefrom, and no right to make any claim against the Independent Adjudicator
in respect thereof.

**5.** **Payment to Scheme Creditors**

5.1 **Payment of Cash Entitlement**

5.1.1The Company shall make or procure the payment in full to Scheme Creditors
in respect of their Cash Entitlements by or no later than seven (7) Business
Days after the Independent Adjudicator’s Ascertainment Date, in the Reference
Currency.

…

5.3 **Unclaimed Payments**

If a Scheme Creditor to whom a cheque has been despatched in accordance with
Clause 5.2.1 has not presented it for payment before it expires (such expiry
date being six months from the date of issue), such failure to present the
cheque will be deemed to be a discharge of the Company’s obligations to that
Scheme Creditor in respect of that payment. …

5.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Scheme Creditor who
has failed to submit to the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address, a Proof
of Debt in respect of its Scheme Claim on or before the Claim Cut-Off Date,
shall not be entitled to payment of his Scheme Claim, and with effect from the
Claims Cut-Off Date, the Company shall be completely and absolutely discharged
from that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim.

...

**7.** **Effect of Scheme**

7.1 The Scheme shall take effect upon the lodgement of a copy of the Approval
Order with the Registrar in accordance with Section 210(5) of the Act.

7.2 Save as provided for and permitted in this Scheme, no Scheme Creditor
shall, be entitled to take any action or commence or continue any proceedings
against the Company in any jurisdiction after the Court Meeting Date for or in
connection with the payment or recovery of any sum in respect of or in
connection with the Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim.

7.3 Nothing in this Scheme shall affect the rights of any Scheme Creditor in
respect of its Security, or in respect of that portion of its Scheme Claim
secured by the Security, to the extent, in both instances, of the value of
such Security as has been valued in the process of determination of the amount
of the Approved Scheme Claim.

7.4 This Scheme constitutes all the terms and conditions agreed upon between
the Company and each of the Scheme Creditors as to the matters dealt with
herein and supersedes and cancels in all respects all previous arrangements,
agreements, compromise or negotiations relating to the Scheme Claim of each
Scheme Creditor.

7.5 Nothing in this Scheme shall entitle any person purporting to be a Scheme
Creditor to file or make any claim or remedy under and in connection with this
Scheme that has been barred by reason of any limitation of time whether
statutory, contractual or otherwise prior to the Effective Date.

...

**11** **Termination of Scheme**

11.1 This Scheme shall terminate immediately in the event that:-

11.1.1 The last telegraphic transfer is made or the last cheque is dispatched
to the Scheme Creditors in accordance with Clause 5.2; and /or

11.1.2 The investment agreement between the Company, SAAG (S) Pte Ltd,
Deradmin and the administrators of Deradmin dated 30 May 2008 is not completed
by the Completion Date (as defined in the aforesaid investment agreement).

**12** **Miscellaneous**

…

12.2 All the statements in this document are made solely in connection with
this Scheme. Accordingly, they do not constitute, and should not be deemed to
be, admissions of Liability on the part of the Company or any other party.
Nothing herein shall prejudice any right of the Company in any pending or
future legal or other proceedings to dispute the claim of any person in
respect of or in connection with any indebtedness or the amounts of such
indebtedness and nothing shall imply that any person described herein as a
Creditor or Scheme Creditor or having the benefit of a claim has a valid claim
against the Company or any other parties.

12.3 Details of Scheme Claims provided to the Company for the purposes of the
Court Meeting, the amount in respect of which the Scheme Creditor votes at the
Court Meeting and any determination relating to the value of the Scheme
Creditor’s claim for those purposes shall not be binding on anyone other than
for the purposes of voting at the Court Meeting and the computation of votes
for the purposes of obtaining approval of the Scheme under Section 210 of the
Act.

…

[emphasis in original]

Analysis

18 Although the industrial accidents occurred prior to the commencement of the
Scheme, the plaintiffs’ writs were filed in 2009 and 2010 respectively, after
the successful completion and termination of the Scheme. The question is
whether the plaintiffs are, by reason of the Scheme, now barred, after the
completion and termination of the Scheme, from pursuing their respective
insured claims in those writs against the Company.

19 This question falls in law to be determined by the terms and the scope of s
210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Companies Act”) in the
first instance and, secondarily, by the terms and effects of the Scheme
document itself.

Section 210 of the Companies Act

The purpose, text and scope of s 210 of the Companies Act

20 I first examine s 210 of the Companies Act to determine whether anything
within its purpose, text or scope supports the argued proposition that the
insured contingent tortious claims of the plaintiffs are, after the completion
and termination of the Scheme, barred. Section 210(3) of the Companies Act
provides for the effect of a duly approved and confirmed scheme to be as
follows:

(3) If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the adjourned meeting
agrees to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement shall,
if approved by order of the Court, be binding on all the creditors or class of
creditors or on the members or class of members, as the case may be, and also
on the company or, in the case of a company in the course of being wound up,
on the liquidator and contributories of the company.

21 The purpose and function of the antecedents of s 210 of the Companies Act
have been set out and approved by the Court of Appeal in _The Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“
_Oriental Insurance_ ”) at [38] and [40] in the following terms:

38 … In _Re Norfolk Island And Byron Bay Whaling Co Ltd_ (1969) 90 WN (Pt 1)
(NSW) 351, Street J summarised the purpose behind the then equivalent of the
Australian s 411 as follows (at 354):

_The section is intended to provide machinery (i) for overcoming the
impossibility or impracticability of obtaining the individual consent of every
member of the class intended to be bound thereby [ie, by the scheme of
arrangement], and (ii) for preventing, in appropriate circumstances, a
minority of class members frustrating a beneficial scheme_. As Younger J. said
in 1917 [in _In re Guardian Assurance Company_ [1917] 1 Ch 431 at 441] of the
corresponding English section [_viz_ , s 120 of the Companies (Consolidation)
Act 1908 (c 69) (UK)], in terms later quoted by Astbury J. in _In re Anglo-
Continental Supply Co. Ltd_. [[1922] 2 Ch 723]: “Its purpose is strictly
limited; it does not confer powers; its only effect at any time is to supply,
by recourse to the procedure thereby prescribed, the absence of that
individual agreement by every member of the class to be bound by the scheme
which would otherwise be necessary to give it validity” [emphasis added]

...

40 A leading local commentary on companies law shares the same view as well
(see _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 3rd Ed, 2005) (“ _Walter Woon_ ”) at para 16.2):

Section 210 [of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)] provides for schemes
of arrangement to be binding on creditors and members alike after the
requisite approval by the specified majority and upon confirmation by the
court. _This section obviates the need for a messy and complicated series of
negotiations with a view to obtaining the unanimous approval of the members or
creditors to a novation or assignment or other variation of their rights_. A
scheme of arrangement may be proposed where it is desired to adjust members’
or creditors’ rights _inter se_ , or to reorganize the share capital of the
company, or in the case of a group, … [with a view to] reconstruction or
merger. In particular, recourse to s 210 is often made when it [is] desired to
compromise creditors’ claims against an insolvent company. [emphasis added]

22 The scope and procedural object of schemes of arrangements or compromises
are further outlined by Peter Gibson LJ in _SEA Assets Limited v Perusahaan
Perseroan_ (_Persero_) _PT Perusahaan Penerbangan Garuda Indonesia_ [2001]
EWCA Civ 1696 at [2]:

It has been the legislative policy for well over a century to encourage
compromise and arrangements between a company and its creditors or members.
That has been achieved by the enactment of a statutory mechanism to enable the
absence of consent of minority creditors or members to be overcome, provided
that a sufficient number of the relevant creditors or members agree with the
proposed compromise or arrangement and the court gives its approval. If that
occurs, then the dissentient minority will be bound by that compromise or
arrangement. That of course in the case of a creditor is an encroachment on
his right to be paid what he is owed in accordance with the contractual terms.
But the utility of the statutory mechanism is particularly obvious in a case
where a company is in financial difficulties but can persuade most, but not
all, of the relevant creditors that the company’s debts should be restructured
rather than that those creditors should exercise their rights, including the
right to put the company into liquidation.

Finally, in _In re T & N Ltd and others_ [2006] 1 WLR 1728 (“ _In re T & N_”),
David Richards J described the purposes of a scheme of arrangement in the
following terms (at [40]):

... one of recognised purposes of section 425 [of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6)
(UK)] is to encourage arrangements with creditors which avoid liquidation and
facilitate the financial rehabilitation of the company …

23 The courts have given effect to the underlying legislative policy of the
antecedents of s 210 of the Companies Act by holding that such creditor and
court approved schemes of compromise or arrangement bind all creditors. I
should underscore that what binds the creditors is the compromise or
arrangement set out in the scheme. A compromise or arrangement ordinarily
means a variation by way of restructuring and/or rescheduling of the company’s
debts owed to creditors. The question here is whether a scheme has the effect
in law of unilaterally _extinguishing_ an insured claim in totality, quite
apart from compromising it. A careful reading of s 210 of the Companies Act
and the underlying legislative policy set out in the cases cited above,
reveals nothing which supports the proposition that s 210 of the Companies Act
by its terms confers a statutory result that the scheme extinguishes an
insured claim against a company, after the completion and termination of a
scheme. Debts or claims can ordinarily only be _compromised_ to the extent
provided and performed by the company as set out in the scheme _vis-à-vis_
each individual creditor or claimant.

24 Once a scheme has been duly approved by the creditors and the court, the
scheme will be binding on all creditors, whether proven or unproven, and the
courts will not vary or amend the scheme save for fraud, obvious mistakes in
the scheme document and, in Singapore, our courts will on occasion extend the
time for an unproven creditor to prove his debt and participate in the scheme
(see _Oriental Insurance_ at [66] and [69]). A duly approved scheme may also,
in principle, be amended by another duly approved scheme. This guarded
approach provides finality, clarity and certainty for such approved schemes
(see _Oriental Insurance_ at [66] and [69]), and facilitates corporate
rehabilitation.

25 Where a scheme has been proposed between the company and its creditors, the
court is empowered under s 210(10) of the Companies Act upon the application
of the company or any member or creditor of the company to restrain further
proceedings in any action or proceeding against the company except by leave of
the court and subject to such terms as the court imposes. What this means is
that once the scheme has been approved by the court, for the duration of the
scheme, the status of any further court proceedings against the company will
be determined by the court before which such proceedings were commenced,
either by reason of s 210(10) of the Companies Act or by reason of any
moratorium against actions provided for in the scheme document itself.

Are the plaintiffs “creditors” within the meaning of s 210(3) of the Companies
Act?

26 I turn next to consider the meaning of the word “creditors” in s 210(3) of
the Companies Act. The word is not defined in the Companies Act. Courts
elsewhere have adopted different interpretations of the word. A summary of the
relevant case law may be found in _Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow
Claire and another_ [2010] SGHC 134 at [24]–[31] and in _Australian
Corporation Law: Principles and Practice_ (Butterworths, Looseleaf Ed, 1991,
November 2010 issue) at para 5.1.0035.

27 On one view, “creditors” may refer to all persons who have claims which may
be admitted to proof in the winding up of the company (see _Re Glendale Land
Development (in liq)_ (1982) ACLC 562 at 564; followed in _Re Huon Valley
Springs Pty Ltd (Receivers and Managers appointed)_ (1986) 10 ACLR 883).
Applying this view in the context of the relevant legislation in Singapore,
unliquidated tort claimants such as the plaintiffs would not be “creditors”
within the meaning of s 210(3) of the Companies Act. This is because s 327(2)
of the Companies Act provides that, in the winding up of an insolvent company,
the same rules that prevail in relation to bankrupt persons are applicable
with regard to, _inter alia_ , the debts that are provable. Reference must
then be made to the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Bankruptcy
Act”) to determine whether unliquidated tort claims may be provable in the
winding up of an insolvent company. Section 87(1) of the Bankruptcy Act
provides, in effect, that such claims shall not be provable:

Description of debts provable in bankruptcy

87\. —(1) Demands in the nature of unliquidated damages arising **_otherwise
than by reason of a contract, promise or breach of trust_** shall **_not_** be
provable in bankruptcy.

…

[emphasis added in bold italics]

28 Another view is that the definition of “creditors” for the purpose of
schemes of arrangement extends beyond persons with claims provable in winding
up (see _In re T & N_ at [40]). However, even if a broader view is adopted, it
is not entirely clear whether a person with an unliquidated claim in tort is a
creditor for the purpose of a scheme of arrangement. There is Australian case
law to the effect that such claimants are not creditors (see _Trocko v Renlita
Products Pty Ltd; The Commonwealth Trading Bank and Shepherd (Claimants)_
[1973] 5 SASR 207 at 209–210, _In re Waymouth Guarantee and Discount Co_
[1975] 10 SASR 407 at 457 (per Walters J)). There is case law to the contrary
as well (see _Re R L Child & Co Pty Ltd_ (1986) 10 ACLR 673).

29 However, it was not necessary for me to reach a conclusion as to whether
unliquidated tort claimants, in general, are “creditors” within the meaning of
s 210(3) of the Companies Act.

30 It is appropriate that the courts adopt an approach which gives the
broadest scope to creditors for the purpose of facilitating corporate
rehabilitations. Thus an insured unliquidated tort claimant may opt in to
participate in a scheme, receive compromised payments thereunder and be bound
by the scheme. Other insured unliquidated tort claimants may elect to opt out
of the scheme and commence court actions against the company between the
period where the company has proposed scheme and right up to the termination
of the scheme. Claimants who opt out run the risk of any moratorium that might
arise either out of s 210(10) of the Companies Act or from the terms of the
scheme document.

31 Nothing in s 210 of the Companies Act is directed to address post-
completion and post-scheme termination events. Section 210 of the Companies
Act quite naturally does not go further to prescribe consequences that follow
the completion and termination of schemes of arrangement, it being concerned
only to facilitate the corporate rehabilitation process. The practical reality
before me, is that the Company’s insurer is the person who bears the liability
to meet the unliquidated tort claims should the plaintiffs succeed. It would
not serve any statutory purpose of s 210(3) of the Companies Act, which is to
facilitate rehabilitation of companies in financial difficulty, and neither is
there any language in s 210(3) of the Companies Act which provides any basis
to conclude that a scheme may statutorily extinguish the insured claims of
persons such as the plaintiffs, which have no real impact on the Company’s
assets or its rehabilitation, and who did not participate in the scheme in any
way.

The terms of the Scheme

32 I next turn to the Scheme document on how it defines Scheme Creditors and
the scope and effects expressed within it. The material definition clauses are
as follows:

**Scheme Creditor** means a creditor of the Company (other than an Excluded
Creditor) who has a Scheme Claim;

**Scheme Claim** in relation to any Scheme Creditor means the total amount of
Liabilities (including any Liabilities that had been agreed between the
Company and the respective Scheme Creditor but had not paid prior to 24 March
2008), if any, as at 24 March 2008 **_for which the Company is or may be
liable to that Scheme Creditor (whether contingently or otherwise)_** …

**Liability** means any obligation, liability or indebtedness of a person
whether it is present, future, prospective or contingent, whether its amount
is fixed or unliquidated, whether it arises in contract, tort, restitution or
otherwise, whether or not it involves the payment of money, which arises at
common law, in equity, by statute (in Singapore or in any other jurisdiction)
or which arises pursuant to a valid assignment or a valid authority to pay any
amount on behalf of a person or in any other manner whatsoever provided that
such expression does not include any obligation or liability which is barred
by statute or one for which no remedy may be granted or is otherwise
unenforceable. For the avoidance of doubt, where any obligation or liability
under a contract or policy is void or, being voidable, has been duly avoided,
no obligation or liability shall arise in respect of such obligation or
liability;

[emphasis added in bold italics]

33 It is clear that each Scheme Claim is defined to mean a claim “for which
the Company is or may be liable to that Scheme Creditor”. The definition of
“liability” which is defined to aggregate all liabilities in their totality
and to comprise individual claims for which the company is or may be liable to
that Scheme Creditor, resonates the same point. I note that an Australian
court has following its construction of the scheme document held that an
unliquidated tort claimant was not a creditor bound by a scheme of arrangement
(see _Smith v Carr and others_ (1993) 10 ACSR 427). As a matter of
construction of the Scheme document’s definition clauses, the plaintiffs’
insured claims for which the Company bears no substantive actual or contingent
liability would not, in my view, be claims for which the Company “is or may be
liable ... (whether contingently or otherwise)”.

34 Even if insured claims were to be construed to be within the Scheme
definitions, the next question is whether the Scheme document has overreaching
effects after the conclusion and termination of the Scheme. The critical
clause which is invoked by the Company to close out the plaintiffs’ claims is
clause 5.4 of the Scheme which reads as follows:

5.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Scheme Creditor who
has failed to submit to the Scheme Manager at the Specified Address, a Proof
of Debt in respect of its Scheme Claim on or before the Claim Cut-Off Date,
_shall not be entitled to payment of his Scheme Claim, and with effect from
the Claims Cut-Off Date_ , **_the Company shall be completely and absolutely
discharged from that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim_**.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

35 In order for a scheme to achieve its purpose of binding minority creditors,
the statutory conditions in s 210(3) of the Companies Act must be followed and
court approval of the scheme must be obtained. In order to fulfil the
statutory conditions in s 210(3) of the Companies Act, the company has to
identify its creditors and settle the amounts payable to them in order that
the necessary numerical and value votes may be determined. Clause 5.4 is
designed to determine the classes of eligible Scheme Creditors and the amounts
due to them for this purpose. In order to determine the relevant numbers and
values, clause 3.3 treats unproven debts or claims to be computed as zero and
then clause 5.4 treats such unproven creditors as not being entitled to
participate in payments under the Scheme and as having had their debts
discharged from the Claims Cut-off Date for the purposes of the Scheme.
Clauses 3 and 5 accordingly set out the mechanics of determining the number
and value of eligible creditors for purposes of computing the statutory
thresholds and for determining the persons entitled to receive the compromised
payments as set out in the Scheme.

36 What is clear is that such unproven creditors are not entitled to receive
any payments made to proven creditors under the Scheme and for this purpose
his claim is to be treated as discharged. As noted above, the unproven
creditor would find himself closed out from participating in the Scheme save
in exceptional circumstances (see [24], above). What is not expressed in
clause 5.4, however, is that all unproven claims are to be treated as
unilaterally discharged beyond the life of the Scheme.

37 The heart and effects of the Scheme is set out in clause 2.1.1 of the
Scheme as follows:

The purposes of this Scheme which is proposed by the Company are to procure,
**_in consideration of the matters_** set out in this Scheme the discharge and
release of all claims by Scheme Creditors relating to the Scheme Claims
against the Company.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Clause 2.1.1 expressly contemplates that the Company has to provide some
consideration to Scheme Creditors in exchange for which the claims as
compromised will be discharged and released. Clause 5.4 does not have an
independent life of its own but is subject to clause 2.1.1. The compromise is
ordinarily structured by a variety and combination of means including
reduction/forgiveness of principal and/or interest (referred to as
“haircuts”), equity for debt exchanges, and the rescheduling/postponement of
repayment. This comports with the basic legal principle that a legal
obligation cannot be unilaterally disclaimed by one party save by mutual
agreement. Neither clause 2.1.1 nor clause 5.4 have, following the completion
and termination of the Scheme, the overreaching effect of enabling the company
to have unilaterally extinguished debts or claims which were unproven and
which did not participate in the scheme.

38 I am mindful of the wider market implications of this question of law and I
accordingly frame my decision within the narrow context of the agreed facts
(see [3]–[13], above) and test it against the legislative policy of s 210 of
the Companies Act. The legislative policy is to facilitate companies to reach
a compromise and arrangement with their creditors in order to obviate the need
for liquidation and to facilitate financial rehabilitation of the company,
where the prescribed majority of creditors agree to such compromise or
arrangement (see above at [21]–[22]). This policy is achieved by ensuring
finality to the process of identifying and quantifying the value of
outstanding debts and claims in order to determine whether the prescribed
majority agree to the proposed compromise. This legislative policy will not be
undermined by holding that unproven and insured unliquidated tort claimants
whose claims have no substantive effect on the Company’s assets, are not
barred from pursuing their claims in court after the successful completion and
termination of the Scheme. I have addressed the risks that such insured
claimants take in commencing actions in court once a scheme has been proposed
and up to the termination of a creditor and court approved scheme above at
[30].

39 In the light of the above, I would hold that the plaintiffs’ unproven
insured contingent tortious claims against the Company are not within the
definition of creditors in the Scheme document. Even if they were to be
regarded as within such definition, the Scheme document does not have
overreaching effects following the completion and termination of the Scheme so
as to unilaterally completely and absolutely discharge the Company from the
plaintiffs’ claims.

Conclusion

40 For all these reasons, I decided that, in these circumstances:

(i) Azman’s causes of action in Suit No 183 of 2010 against the Company have
not been extinguished and/or barred and/or precluded from being maintained
consequent to the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement dated 3 July 2008 which
had been duly completed, performed and fulfilled according to its terms by 4
May 2009; and

(ii) Shaik’s causes of action in Suit No 717 of 2009 against the Company,
assuming that his receipt of part payment from the Scheme Manager was not in
full and final settlement of his claim and causes of action, either in or
apart from the Scheme, have not been extinguished and/or barred and/or
precluded from being maintained consequent to the Scheme of Compromise and
Arrangement dated 3 July 2008 which had been duly completed, performed and
fulfilled according to its terms by 4 May 2009.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

