Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Ng Bock Hoh Dixon  
[2011] SGHC 242

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 442 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Sushil Sukumaran Nair, Abraham Vergis and Kimberley Leng
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the applicant; The respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Ng Bock Hoh Dixon  
  
9 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
for an order that Mr Dixon Ng Bock Hoh (“the Respondent”), be made to suffer
such punishment as is provided in s 83(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The Law Society had preferred five charges
against the Respondent. A disciplinary tribunal (“the DT”) had found the
Respondent liable for three charges (see _The Law Society of Singapore v Ng
Bock Hoh Dixon_ [2011] SGDT 7 (“the Report”)).

2 After hearing the Law Society and the Respondent, who appeared in person, we
ordered that the Respondent be struck off the roll of advocates and solicitors
of the Supreme Court (“the roll”). We now provide our detailed grounds for
reaching that decision.

Background

The parties

3 The Respondent was an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court at the
material time (see the Report at [1]). We should mention that the Respondent
is no stranger to disciplinary proceedings. In 2010, a court of three Judges
suspended the Respondent from practice for a period of two years for preparing
two draft court judgments purportedly issued by the Subordinate Courts of
Singapore which he knew were false (see _Law Society of Singapore v Ng Bock
Hoh Dixon_ [2010] 2 SLR 1000 (“ _Ng Bock Hoh Dixon (2010)_ ” or “the False
Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings”)).

4 In the present case, the complainant was one Integrax Berhad (“the
Complainant”), a Malaysian company. The Chairman of the Complainant was one
Encik Harun bin Halim Rasip (“Encik Harun”) (see the Report at [3]).

The complaint

5 The Complainant claimed that the Respondent had failed to refund a sum of
US$100,000 which it had placed with the Respondent’s law firm. According to
the Complainant, the US$100,000 was to be held by the Respondent’s law firm as
stakeholders “pursuant to an introductory arrangement in relation to a
potential project in Cambodia” (“the Stakeholding Agreement”).[note: 1] The
purpose and terms of the Stakeholding Agreement were set out in a letter from
the Complainant (signed by Encik Harun) to the Respondent’s law firm dated 20
January 2006 (“the January 2006 Letter”). The material terms of the January
2006 Letter are as follows:[note: 2]

(a) The Complainant had engaged a consultant to assist it in obtaining a
Cambodian port concession. The consultant was to receive a success fee of
US$200,000 if the concession agreement was made unconditional.

(b) In order to assure the consultant that the success fee would be paid, the
Complainant had agreed to pay 50% of the success fee (_ie_ , US$100,000) (“the
Consultancy Fee Deposit”) to a stakeholder before 15 February 2006 on, _inter
alia_ , the following terms:

(i) The stakeholder was to hold the Consultancy Fee Deposit and release it
only upon written confirmation from the Complainant that the requisite
concession agreement had been made unconditional.

(ii) The Consultancy Fee Deposit was to be returned to the Complainant when
the stakeholder received written confirmation that the Complainant had
terminated the consultant’s engagement or after the expiry of 12 months from
20 January 2006 (whichever was the earlier).

The Respondent accepted these terms by signing a copy of the January 2006
Letter on 25 January 2006.[note: 3] On 21 February 2006, the Complainant paid
the sum of US$100,000 to the Respondent’s law firm. The money was _not_ paid
into the Respondent’s law firm’s client’s account.

6 Approximately two years later, on 4 February 2008, the Complainant gave the
Respondent written notice that the engagement set out in the January 2006
Letter had not yielded satisfactory results and was not extended beyond its
expiry date of 20 January 2007. The Complainant therefore demanded that the
Respondent’s law firm repay the Complainant the Consultancy Fee Deposit
together with any interest.[note: 4]

7 The Respondent failed to repay the money. This led to the Complainant
lodging a complaint with the Law Society on 29 January 2009.

The Respondent’s letter to the Inquiry Committee

8 An inquiry committee was constituted to inquire into the complaint.

9 The Respondent wrote a letter to the inquiry committee on 17 July 2009. In
that letter, the Respondent explained that he did not hold the Consultancy Fee
Deposit as a stakeholder. Instead, the Consultancy Fee Deposit was a “Party
Political Donation” by the Complainant “for the ruling party in
Cambodia”.[note: 5] The Respondent paid the Consultancy Fee Deposit to a
representative of the Cambodian government, one “Seng Phally”, and received a
receipt for the payment (“the Seng Phally Receipt”).[note: 6] The Seng Phally
Receipt was annexed to the Respondent’s letter to the inquiry committee. The
Respondent further explained that he had rendered a bill to the Complainant
for the amount of US$100,000 for “professional charges in connection with the
[Sihanoukville Port] matter including other incidental work necessary to carry
out the business entrusted to [his law firm]” and for “[his law firm’s]
[a]greed costs in introducing and working towards turn key project for the
operations and management of Sihanoukville Port, Cambodia” (“the Bill”).[note:
7] The Bill was dated 15 February 2006.[note: 8] The Respondent asserted that
the Bill was a contemporaneous document which supported his version of events
because it was produced to the Council of the Law Society when it exercised
its powers on 11 January 2008 under the Act[note: 9] to conduct an
investigative audit into the accounts of the Respondent’s law firm.[note: 10]

10 In his affidavit filed for the proceedings before the DT, the Respondent
elaborated that the Stakeholding Agreement had terminated after the
Consultancy Fee Deposit was not paid by the 15 February 2006 deadline
indicated in the January 2006 Letter.[note: 11] The Respondent then received
oral instructions from Encik Harun to pay out the Consultancy Fee Deposit to a
nominee of the Cambodian Government.[note: 12] As part of these oral
instructions, he rendered the Bill to the Complainant.[note: 13] After he
received the Consultancy Fee Deposit, the Respondent paid it to Seng
Phally.[note: 14]

The charges

11 The Law Society charged the Respondent with the following:[note: 15]

(a) Grossly improper conduct or, alternatively, misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor by breaching r 12 of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) in failing to use all reasonably
available legal means consistent with his retainer to advance the interest of
the Complainant in carrying out his obligation as a stakeholder (“the
Stakeholding Charge”);

(b) Grossly improper conduct in wilfully and knowingly rendering a bill with a
statement that he knew to be false (“the False Bill Charge”);

(c) Grossly improper conduct in breaching r 3 of the Legal Profession
(Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Solicitors’
Accounts Rules”) in failing to pay the US$100,000, which was client’s money,
into a client account (“the Client Account Charge”);

(d) Grossly improper conduct or, alternatively, misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor by failing to honestly cooperate with and wilfully
failing to provide accurate information and explanations to his accountants,
for the purpose of their preparation of the Accountant’s Report provided for
under s 73 of the Act, by providing inaccurate information to them about the
Bill and/or the nature of the payment of US$100,000 (“the Accountant’s Report
Charge”); and

(e) Grossly improper conduct or, alternatively, misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor by failing to honestly cooperate with and wilfully
failing to provide accurate information and explanations to the Council of the
Law Society, for its purpose of inspecting his law firm’s books of account and
other relevant accounting documents, by providing inaccurate information to it
about the Bill and/or the nature of the payment of US$100,000 (“the Account
Inspection Charge”).

The Report of the DT

12 The DT found that the Stakeholding Charge and the Client Account Charge
were not proven beyond reasonable doubt because there was some basis to think
that the January 2006 Letter, which purported to set out a stakeholding
arrangement, was a sham document that did not represent the true intentions of
the parties (see the Report at [19]).

13 However, the DT found that the False Bill Charge, the Accountant’s Report
Charge and the Account Inspection Charge were made out. On the Respondent’s
evidence, the Bill was a sham. It was not issued for professional charges
incurred by the Respondent. Hence, the False Bill Charge was made out. The
Accountant’s Report Charge and the Account Inspection Charge were made out
because the Respondent had failed to provide accurate information and
explanations to his law firm’s accountant and the Law Society as to the true
nature of the Bill (see the Report at [25]).

The arguments

The Law Society’s arguments

14 In its written submissions, the Law Society relied on the findings of the
DT. The Law Society did not take a firm position on the sanction to be ordered
against the Respondent. It pointed out that the DT had not found that the
Respondent was dishonest.[note: 16] However, the Law Society proceeded to
refer to authorities which held that an advocate and solicitor may be struck
off the roll even though there was no finding of dishonesty.[note: 17]
Significantly, the Law Society referred to an authority which held that an
advocate and solicitor may be struck off the roll in the absence of dishonesty
if he fell short of the “standard of integrity, probity and trustworthiness”
required of advocates and solicitors (see [31] below) and submitted that the
Respondent’s conduct fell within this description for the following reasons:

(a) the Respondent had prepared a false document;

(b) this was not the first time that he had done so (referring to the False
Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings (see [3] above));[note: 18]

(c) the Respondent’s propensity to create false documents to facilitate his
client’s needs, if left unchecked, could bring the profession into
disrepute;[note: 19] and

(d) unlike the situation with the False Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings,
parties other than the Complainant would have seen the Bill.[note: 20]

15 At the hearing before us, counsel for the Law Society, Mr Abraham Vergis
(“Mr Vergis”), submitted that the Law Society was seeking an order for the
Respondent to be struck off the roll. When we pressed Mr Vergis for the Law
Society’s position on whether the Respondent was dishonest, Mr Vergis candidly
conceded that the Law Society had not pursued the point that the Respondent
was dishonest at the proceedings below. However, he expressed his personal
view, based on the relevant facts, that the Respondent’s conduct was dishonest
(it is apposite to note here that Mr Vergis was not counsel for the Law
Society in the proceedings below). Mr Vergis also submitted, in the
alternative, that the Respondent’s conduct fell short of the “standard of
integrity, probity and trustworthiness” required of advocates and solicitors
(see [31] below).

16 Mr Vergis also ventured to suggest that the Bill was not the only document
produced by the Respondent which was false. Mr Vergis suggested that the Seng
Phally Receipt, which was one of the documents annexed to the Respondent’s
letter to the Inquiry Committee (see [9] above), was false or contained false
statements in two respects. First, the Seng Phally Receipt stated that the
Consultancy Fee Deposit was received by Seng Phally on 1 March 2006. This
contradicted the Respondent’s accounting documents which recorded that the
Consultancy Fee Deposit was paid out in _three tranches_.[note: 21] Second, on
the Respondent’s evidence, the Consultancy Fee Deposit was a party political
donation. The Seng Phally Receipt, on the other hand, described the payment as
“50% advance consultancy fees for Sihanoukville Port Project”. We did not,
however, think that the Law Society (or indeed the Respondent) could rely on
the Seng Phally Receipt. As we expressed to Mr Vergis during his oral
arguments, the maker of the Seng Phally Receipt, _viz_ , Seng Phally, had not
been called as a witness for the proceedings before the DT.

The Respondent’s arguments

17 In his written submissions, the Respondent explained that his position
would be “one of contriteness and unreserved acceptance”.[note: 22] The
Respondent then proceeded, however, to challenge the DT’s finding that the
Accountant’s Report Charge and the Account Inspection Charge were made out.
The Respondent submitted that those charges required wilfulness and dishonesty
and that there had been no evidence that he had dishonestly and wilfully
misled his accountant or that he had dishonestly and wilfully failed to
provide information and explanations to the Council of the Law Society.[note:
23]

18 The Respondent also submitted that his status as a bankrupt (which was
referred to in passing in the Law Society’s written submissions[note: 24])
should not be taken into account in determining the sanction to be meted out
to him because he had voluntarily disclosed his bankrupt status to the DT and
had provided an explanation for his bankruptcy.[note: 25] He also argued that
nobody had been misled by his transgression.[note: 26] The Respondent urged
that he was being rehabilitated through his counselling and work for senior
lawyers.[note: 27] He asserted that he was not a recalcitrant offender because
the circumstances of this case occurred around the same time as the
disciplinary offence for which he was charged in the False Judgment
Disciplinary Proceedings.[note: 28]

The issues

19 The following issues arose for our consideration:

(a) Had due cause been shown as to why the Respondent should suffer such
punishment as is provided under s 83(1) of the Act?

(b) If so, what sanction should the Respondent suffer?

Our decision

Had due cause been shown as to why the Respondent should suffer such
punishment as is provided under s 83(1) of the Act?

The relevant legal principles

20 Under s 83(2) of the Act, due cause may be shown against an advocate and
solicitor if he is, _inter alia_ , shown to be guilty of grossly improper
conduct (see s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act) or misconduct unbefitting an advocate
and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession (see s 83(2)(_h_) of the Act).

21 Grossly improper conduct under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act refers to conduct
which is “dishonourable to the solicitor as a man and dishonourable in his
profession”; an advocate and solicitor need not have an intention to deceive
in order to be found liable for grossly improper conduct (see _Law Society of
Singapore v Nor'ain bte Abu Bakar and others_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 753 at [59]).

22 Misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor under s 83(2)(_h_) of the
Act is a “catch-all provision” (see _Law Society of Singapore v Ng Chee Sing_
[2000] 1 SLR(R) 466 at [40]; cited in _Ng Bock Hoh Dixon (2010)_ at [19]).
This particular limb therefore also applies to conduct in the advocate and
solicitor’s personal capacity; the advocate and solicitor only has to be shown
to be guilty of conduct which would “render him unfit to remain as a member of
an honourable profession” (_ibid_).

23 It should be noted that the court of three Judges has extensive powers in
hearing an application for an order pursuant to s 98(1) of the Act (see s
98(8) of the Act):

(8) The court of 3 Judges —

(_a_) shall have full power to determine any question necessary to be
determined for the purpose of doing justice in the case, including any
question as to the correctness, legality or propriety of the determination of
the Disciplinary Tribunal, or as to the regularity of any proceedings of the
Disciplinary Tribunal; and

(_b_) may make an order setting aside the determination of the Disciplinary
Tribunal and directing —

(i) the Disciplinary Tribunal to rehear and reinvestigate the complaint or
matter; or

(ii) the Society to apply to the Chief Justice for the appointment of another
Disciplinary Tribunal to hear and investigate the complaint or matter

24 However, the court of three Judges will not interfere with findings of fact
by a disciplinary tribunal unless the conclusions are “clearly against the
weight of evidence” (see _Law Society of Singapore v Lim Cheong Peng_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 360 (“ _Lim Cheong Peng_ ”) at [13]). A different approach is taken to
findings based on inferences. The court of three Judges is as competent as a
disciplinary tribunal in drawing inferences of fact (_Lim Cheong Peng_ at
[14]).

Our view

25 Our view was that the DT had correctly found that the False Bill Charge,
the Accountant’s Report Charge and the Account Inspection Charge were made out
on the evidence.

26 We begin with the False Bill Charge. We found that the Bill was a sham on
the Respondent’s own evidence. It will be recalled that the Respondent’s
evidence was that the Consultancy Fee Deposit was in reality a party political
donation and that he had _paid_ _out_ the Consultancy Fee Deposit to a
representative of the Cambodian government (see [9]–[10] above). On this
version of events, the Bill was patently false. The Bill represented that the
Consultancy Fee Deposit was received by the Respondent as _his_ _professional
charges_. This stands in stark contrast to his evidence that he was, in
essence, _channelling_ the Consultancy Fee Deposit through his law firm. In
fact, the Respondent conceded in cross-examination that the Bill was a
sham:[note: 29]

Q:The money is supposed to come through you and go off to pay somebody in
Cambodia?

A:Yes.

Q:That’s your --- that’s your position. So _wouldn’t you agree with me, in a
sense this bill is a sham_?

A: _Yes_.

[emphasis added]

27 We turn now to the Accountant’s Report Charge and the Account Inspection
Charge. It would be convenient to deal with both charges together since they
are similar. The Accountant’s Report Charge alleges that the Respondent
“failed to honestly cooperate and wilfully failed to provide accurate
information and explanations to [his] accountants for the purposes of their
preparation of the Accountant’s Report” required under the Act by providing
inaccurate information to them about the Bill and/or the nature of the payment
of US$100,000 to the Respondent’s law firm.[note: 30] The Account Inspection
Charge is similarly worded save that the Respondent was alleged to have failed
to provide accurate information to the _Council of the Law Society_ in its
inspection of the Respondent’s law firm’s books. The Respondent’s only
contention in connection with these two charges was that there was no evidence
that he was dishonest or that his failure to provide accurate information was
wilful.[note: 31] There was no doubt that he did not in fact provide accurate
information to his accountants and the Council of the Law Society.

28 We found that there was sufficient evidence before the DT to infer that the
Respondent’s failure to provide accurate information to the Council of the Law
Society and his accountant was wilful and amounted to a lack of honest
cooperation. The Respondent provided the Council of the Law Society and his
accountant with the Bill when he was made to produce his accounting records.
The Respondent was not under any misapprehension as to the nature of the Bill.
He knew that the Bill was a sham. In the absence of a reasonable explanation
from the Respondent as to why he submitted a sham document to his accountant
and the Council of the Law Society without disclosing its true nature, the
only possible inference that we could draw from his conduct was that he
intended for the Council of the Law Society and his accountant to accept the
Bill as a genuine document. We did not think that an advocate and solicitor
who intentionally presents sham documents to his accountant and the Council of
the Law Society can be said to have honestly cooperated with them.

29 We should also mention that the Respondent had in his written submissions
referred to a Statement of Auditing Practice (“SAP”) approved by the Council
of the Institute of Certified Public Accountants of Singapore in February 1986
(as revised and amended) for use in the auditing of solicitors’ accounts (“SAP
7”).[note: 32] Like r 4(2) of the Legal Profession (Accountant’s Report) Rules
(Cap 161, R 10, 1999 Rev Ed), para 26 of SAP 7 provides, in effect, that an
accountant is not required to enquire beyond the information contained in the
relevant documents relating to any client’s matter (as supplemented by such
information and explanations as the accountant may obtain from the solicitor).
The Respondent’s argument was that SAP 7 showed that his accountant would not
have been misled by the Bill.

30 We did not see the relevance of SAP 7 to the Accountant’s Report Charge.
The Accountant’s Report Charge charged the Respondent with failing to honestly
cooperate and wilfully failing to provide accurate information to his
accountant. The impact of the Respondent’s provision of a false bill on the
accountant’s role in preparing his Accountant’s Report is immaterial to the
charge.

The appropriate sanction

The applicable legal principles

31 It is well established that if an advocate and solicitor is shown to be
dishonest, he will “almost invariably” be struck off the roll (see _Ng Bock
Hoh Dixon (2010)_ at [31]). However, dishonesty is not the only situation
which will warrant striking an advocate and solicitor off the roll; an
advocate and solicitor _may_ be struck off even where dishonesty is not shown
if he is “shown to have fallen below the required standards of integrity,
probity and trustworthiness” (see _Ng Bock Hoh Dixon (2010)_ at [32] citing
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 1 WLR
512 at 518):

32 However, it does  _not_ follow that an absence of dishonesty will  _never_
result in an advocate and solicitor being struck off the roll. In the oft-
cited words of Sir Thomas Bingham MR in the English Court of Appeal decision
of  _Bolton v Law Society_ [1994] 1 WLR 512 at 518:

Any solicitor who is shown to have discharged his professional duties with
anything less than complete integrity, probity and trustworthiness must expect
severe sanctions to be imposed upon him ... Lapses from the required high
standard may, of course,  _take different forms and be of varying degrees_.
The  _most serious_ involves  _proven dishonesty, whether or not_ leading to
criminal proceedings and criminal penalties. In such cases the tribunal has
_almost invariably, no matter how strong the mitigation advanced for the
solicitor, ordered that he be struck off the Roll of Solicitors._ Only
infrequently, particularly in recent years, has it been willing to order the
restoration to the Roll of a solicitor against whom  _serious dishonesty_ had
been established, even after a passage of years, and even where the solicitor
had made every effort to re-establish himself and redeem his reputation.  _If
a solicitor is not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to have
fallen below the required standards of integrity, probity and trustworthiness,
his lapse is less serious but it remains very serious indeed in a member of a
profession whose reputation depends upon trust. A striking off order will not
necessarily follow in such a case, but it may well. The decision whether to
strike off or to suspend will often involve a fine and difficult exercise of
judgment, to be made by the tribunal as an informed and expert body on all the
facts of the case. Only in a very unusual and venial case of this kind would
the tribunal be likely to regard as appropriate any order less severe than one
of suspension._ [emphasis added]

Reference may also be made to the decision of this court in  _Law Society of
Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 266 (“ _Ravindra Samuel”_) at
[14]-[15].

[emphasis in original]

Our view

32 We found that the Respondent’s conduct clearly fell below the standards of
integrity, probity and trustworthiness required of an advocate and solicitor
and that his conduct warranted an order that he be struck off the roll.

33 On his own evidence, the Respondent had deliberately created a false
document in the course of discharging his professional duties. Although the
document that he falsified in the present case, _viz_ ¸ the Bill, was not a
court document (as was the case in the False Judgment Disciplinary
Proceedings), it was nevertheless an important accounting record relating to
his law firm’s client’s account. As Mr Vergis had submitted at the hearing
before us, courts take improprieties involving the handling of clients’
accounts very seriously (see, for example, _Law Society of Singapore v Tay Eng
Kwee Edwin_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 171 (“ _Edwin Tay_ ”) at [26])_._ We appreciated
that the charges for which the Respondent was found liable did not involve a
breach of the Solicitors’ Account Rules and hence _Edwin Tay_ was not strictly
relevant. Nevertheless, _Edwin Tay_ is pertinent for this court’s remarks on
the importance of proper maintenance of clients’ accounts. It is beyond
dispute that bills produced by advocates and solicitors are important
documents and it is vital to the proper maintenance of accounting records that
they mean what they say. Hence, it could not be argued that the Respondent’s
conduct in the present proceedings was less severe than his conduct in the
False Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings.

34 In fact, we were of the view that the Respondent’s conduct in the present
case was, on one view at least, _more egregious_ than his conduct in the False
Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings. One aspect which particularly influenced
the court in the False Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings was the fact that the
false court document was _only meant to be shown to the complainant’s wife_ in
order to placate her (see _Ng Bock Hoh Dixon (2010)_ at [36]). In other words,
the false document was not put into general circulation. In contrast, the Bill
in the present case formed a part of the Respondent’s accounting documents and
was presented to third parties (_ie_ , the Council of the Law Society and the
Respondent’s accountant) without further clarification.

35 We also took into account the fact that the Respondent had previously been
suspended for a period of two years for falsifying a judgment (see [3] above).
The fact that an advocate and solicitor had previously committed a similar
disciplinary offence is a significant aggravating factor that the court will
consider in determining the appropriate sanction (see _Law Society of
Singapore v Low Yong Sen_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 802 at [41]). Having said that, we
accepted that the events for which the Respondent was charged in these
proceedings occurred _before_ he was subjected to the False Judgment
Disciplinary Proceedings. In the criminal law context, the Singapore High
Court has observed that if an accused is _convicted_ of an earlier offence
only _after_ he _committed_ the offence for which he is being sentenced, the
court might consider that he was “not acting in defiant disregard of the law”;
in certain circumstances, the court may even sentence such an accused person
as a first time offender (see _Public Prosecutor v Boon Kiah Kin_ [1993] 2
SLR(R) 26 at [37]). This is not to say that the first offence is entirely
irrelevant to sentencing unless the offender has been convicted of it before
he committed the first offence. All that can be said is that the Respondent
was not acting in defiance of the disciplinary process. However, the False
Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings were certainly relevant because they
demonstrated a disturbing _propensity_ on the part of the Respondent to
falsify documents. We also pause to note that the Bill was rendered by the
Respondent not long after the Respondent had prepared the false court
judgments that were the subject of the False Judgment Disciplinary
Proceedings. The Respondent’s conduct in the present proceedings did not,
therefore, appear to us to be the product of a discrete and momentary lapse of
judgment. We did not think that an advocate and solicitor who demonstrated
such a propensity could be described as having the requisite standards of
integrity, probity and trustworthiness.

36 We should also say that we were not impressed with the Respondent’s
repeated references in his written submissions to the fact that the DT had not
found him to be dishonest. We agreed with Mr Vergis’s submission that a _lack_
of a finding of dishonesty in the Report of the DT does not equate to a
finding that the Respondent was _not_ dishonest. Indeed, as already noted
above (at [15]), the Law Society had not pursued the point that the Respondent
was dishonest in the proceedings below and it was therefore not surprising
that the DT had arrived at the finding it did.

Conclusion

37 For all these reasons, we ordered that the Respondent was to be struck off
the roll. We made no order as to costs in view of the Law Society’s indication
that it was not seeking costs.

Postscript

38 In _Edwin Tay_ , the court expressed its regret (at [29]) that it was not
informed that another disciplinary proceeding was pending against the advocate
and solicitor in question:

29 Subsequent to the hearing, our attention was drawn to the fact that there
was in fact another DC proceeding concerning the respondent which related to a
breach of the [Solicitors’ Accounts] Rules. _It is regrettable that in a case
of this nature, counsel for the Law Society failed to highlight this case to
us in her submissions._ All that counsel mentioned in passing was that other
unrelated DC proceedings prevailed against the respondent. This did not convey
the correct picture. The respondent had actually been found guilty by another
DC of having breached r 3 of the [Solicitors’ Accounts] Rules (“the second DC
proceedings”) as well. No show cause proceedings were subsequently initiated
against the respondent only because he had been struck off the roll in the
present proceedings. The second DC proceedings had been initiated as a result
of the respondent's inappropriate conduct in depositing $15,000 into an
overdrawn office account rather than properly into a client's account. While
we are satisfied that counsel was not aware of the outcome of these
disciplinary proceedings, this does not absolve her from the duty of diligence
to draw all material facts to the court's attention. _The substance of the
second DC proceedings should have been specifically drawn to our attention
even if counsel was not aware of the actual outcome of the disciplinary
proceedings when we heard this matter._ Counsel should not have so quickly
echoed the respondent's blithe and by no means verifiable claim that no loss
had accrued as a result of his conduct. [emphasis added]

Unfortunately, heed was not taken of this caution in the False Judgment
Disciplinary Proceedings. The Respondent appeared before a court of three
Judges on 2 February 2010 for the show cause proceedings in respect of the
False Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings. By this time, the DT for these
proceedings had already been appointed.[note: 33] Counsel for the Law Society
should have informed the court of three Judges during the show cause
proceedings for the False Judgment Disciplinary Proceedings that the
Respondent was facing other charges. We reiterate that the Law Society should
attempt its level best to apprise the court of three Judges of all material
facts including the fact that the advocate and solicitor in question is facing
other disciplinary proceedings. Once apprised of such material facts, the
court of three Judges may well decide to adjourn the hearing in order to
comprehensively hear all current matters pending against the advocate and
solicitor concerned.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Vol I at p 8.

[note: 2]ROP Vol II at p 14.

[note: 3]ROP Vol II at p 15.

[note: 4]ROP Vol II at p 19.

[note: 5]ROP Vol II at p 54.

[note: 6]ROP Vol II at p 66.

[note: 7]ROP Vol II at pp 55 and 64.

[note: 8]ROP Vol II at p 64.

[note: 9]ROP Vol II at pp 138–139.

[note: 10]ROP Vol II at p 55.

[note: 11]ROP Vol I at p 286, [25]–[29].

[note: 12]ROP Vol II at p 287, [33].

[note: 13]ROP Vol II at p 287, [34].

[note: 14]ROP Vol II at p 287, [35].

[note: 15]ROP Vol I at pp 26–29.

[note: 16]The Applicant’s Submissions at [69] and [89].

[note: 17]The Applicant’s Submissions at [67].

[note: 18]The Applicant’s Submissions at [71]–[79].

[note: 19]The Applicant’s Submissions at [80]–[82].

[note: 20]The Applicant’s Submissions at [83].

[note: 21]ROP at Vol II at pp 199 (February 2006 USD bank account statement),
202 (March 2006 USD bank account statement), 233 (Dixon Ng & Co’s Cash Book
Records), 270 (Payment Voucher for US$50,500), 272 (Payment Voucher for
US$45,000) and 274 (Payment Voucher for US$4,000).

[note: 22]The Respondent’s Submissions at p 1A.

[note: 23]The Respondent’s Submissions at pp 10E, 18A–C, 19D and 20D.

[note: 24]The Applicant’s Submissions at [99].

[note: 25]The Respondent’s Submissions at pp 22–25.

[note: 26]The Respondent’s Submissions at pp 25D–E and 27B–C.

[note: 27]The Respondent’s Submissions at p 26B–C.

[note: 28]The Respondent’s Submissions at p 27D–E.

[note: 29]ROP Vol III at p 218, lines 7–12 (NE).

[note: 30]ROP Vol I at pp 27–28 (the charges).

[note: 31]The Respondent’s Submissions at pp 18–19.

[note: 32]Respondent’s Attachments (submitted in hard copy).

[note: 33]ROP Vol I at p 31.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

