Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Koh Seah Wee and another  
[2011] SGHC 240

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 36 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 November 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Aedit Abdullah and Jean Chan, DPPs (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Ravinderpal Singh and Rina Kalpanath
(Kalpanath & Co) for First Accused; Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (RHT
Law LLP) for Second Accused; Tan Chee Meng, SC (Wong Partnership) on watching
brief for SLA; Loh Kia Meng (Rodyk & Davidson) on watching brief for IPOS.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Koh Seah Wee and another  
  
4 November 2011|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

The accused persons

1 The accused persons were former colleagues in the Singapore Land Authority
(“SLA”). At the material time, Koh Seah Wee (“Koh”), now 41 years old, was the
deputy director of the SLA’s Technology and Infrastructure (“TI”) department
while Lim Chai Meng (“Lim”), now aged 38, was the said department’s manager, a
position subordinate to that of Koh’s.

2 Between 11 February 1997 and 20 July 2004, Koh was a consultant in the
information technology department of the Supreme Court. From 21 July 2004 to
11 March 2007, he worked as a consultant in the information technology
department of the Intellectual Property Office of Singapore (“IPOS”). He then
moved to the SLA’s TI department and worked there until 31 March 2010. For the
next two months, he worked in the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory
Authority of Singapore.

3 Lim was employed as a manager in the TI department of SLA from 1 July 2006
to 30 April 2010. He resigned from SLA on 30 April 2010 and remained
unemployed thereafter, not bothering to look for a job as (according to his
defence counsel) he knew it was a matter of time that the law would close in
on him.

The charges

4 Koh faced a total of 372 charges. He pleaded guilty to 55 charges of which
46 concerned the offences of cheating (s 420 Penal Code Cap 224) or conspiracy
to cheat (s 420 read with s 109 Penal Code). Nine charges related to
concealment or conversion of properties representing his benefits from
criminal conduct punishable under s 47(6) of the Corruption, Drug Trafficking
and Other Serious Crimes (Confiscation of Benefits) Act (Cap 65A)
(“Confiscation of Benefits Act”). The two categories of offences will be
referred to hereafter as the cheating and the money laundering offences. In
addition, Koh admitted and consented to the remaining 317 charges involving
cheating and money laundering offences to be taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing.

5 Lim face a total of 309 charges. He pleaded guilty to 49 charges. Out of
these, 40 charges concerned the offence of conspiracy to cheat SLA and one
charge involved a conspiracy to cheat a finance company, Sing Investments &
Finance Limited (“Sing Investments”). The other 8 charges were for money
laundering offences. Lim also admitted and consented to the remaining 260
charges of cheating and money laundering offences to be taken into
consideration for the purpose of sentencing.

The factual background

Koh and Lim

6 On 15 June 2010 (after both Koh and Lim were no longer working in SLA), SLA
lodged a police report alleging that goods and services procured through some
purchase orders put up by Lim and subsequently approved by Koh were
fictitious. The Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) commenced investigations
which led to the discovery of more offences committed by Koh during his
earlier employment in the Supreme Court and IPOS. The investigations also
revealed that there were seven accomplices who aided Koh and Lim in the
cheating offences, the most notable of whom was a man named Ho Yen Teck
(“Ho”), aged 31, the owner of seven sole proprietorships and a full-time sales
executive of a local company at the material time.

7 Lim was the procurement/verifying officer responsible for the requisition of
goods and services required by SLA’s TI department. The procurement procedure
to be followed depended on the value of the goods and services in question.
For values of up to $3,000, Lim, the vendors or an in-house third party vendor
would submit the invoices directly to SLA’s finance department. For values of
between $3,001 and $80,000, Lim would create an Invitation-to-Quote (“ITQ”) in
the government procurement portal known as GeBiz.

8 Part of Lim’s scope of work was to identify the business needs of the TI
department and to justify those needs to Koh. Once Koh gave the permission to
send out an ITQ, Lim would put up the requirements and specifications on
GeBiz. When the quotations were received, Lim would make recommendations to
Koh on whom to award the contract to. Koh could approve contracts of up to
$60,000 in value.

9 Once Koh approved the contract, a purchase order would be generated and sent
to the successful vendor. The vendor would send an invoice to SLA which would
forward the invoice to the TI department for Lim to verify and for Koh to
approve for payment. Upon Koh’s approval, SLA’s finance department would pay
the money to the vendor.

10 Koh and Lim would rig the quotation results by arranging for their own
“vendors” (the accomplices) to offer the lowest quotations which Lim would
recommend and Koh would approve. Lim would also assist in preparing fictitious
invoices for some of the “vendors” for submission to SLA’s finance department.

11 For contracts not exceeding $3,000 in value, Lim would ask for quotations
directly from the vendor if the price of the item in question was known and
was reasonable. If the price was not known, Lim had the discretion to ask
other vendors to submit quotations. The successful vendor would submit an
invoice to Lim who would pass it on to the finance department. Alternatively,
the vendor would submit an invoice directly to the finance department. The
finance department would then send a system-generated email to Lim to verify
that delivery of goods had been made or the service rendered. Upon Lim’s
verification, an email alert would be sent to Koh for his approval to make
payment to the vendor. For such lower value contracts, Lim would provide the
descriptions and the amounts to the “vendor” for submission of invoice for
payment.

12 All the specifications listed in GeBiz and the lower value contracts were
not required by SLA and were fictitious in one or more of the following ways
in that they were for:

(a) maintenance of equipment which SLA did not have;

(b) maintenance of equipment for which SLA already had existing agreements
with other vendors;

(c) goods and services which SLA did not need;

(d) duplicated specifications; and

(e) no goods or services were actually supplied.

Through this fraudulent scheme, contracts were awarded to the “vendors” which
had no intention of fulfilling them and which were not able to in any case.
282 such contracts were awarded to 11 “vendors” which were merely façades
operated by the seven accomplices. As a consequence, SLA was dishonestly
induced to pay the “vendors” a sum of more than $12.1m. Once payment was made
by SLA, the money would be withdrawn from the respective vendors’ accounts and
the cash would then be handed over to Koh. The accomplices would be given a
share of the money but the bulk of it would go to Koh and Lim. The prosecution
was not able to state the proportions of the loot as between Koh and Lim.

Koh

13 The investigations conducted by CAD uncovered earlier wrongdoing by Koh
when he was working at IPOS and the Supreme Court. He committed fraud at these
organizations by dishonestly concealing his financial interests in the vendors
submitting quotations which were evaluated by him and submitted for approval
by his superiors. Further, in most of the 15 contracts in question at IPOS,
the quotations by his accomplice were submitted after the close of ITQ when
all other quotations were already known to Koh, thus enabling his accomplice
to submit the lowest bids. More than half of the contracts were for goods and
services not required by IPOS and were fictitious in one or more of the ways
set out at [12](b), (c) and (d) above. A total of $254,142 was paid out in
these contracts.

14 Koh, who is married and has a young daughter, used the fraudulently
obtained money to buy private properties in his or in his wife’s name, to open
bank accounts in the names of family members, withdrawing the cash soon after
that, to invest in unit trusts and shares, to buy luxury goods with high
retention values and to indulge in expensive cars such as a limited edition of
a Lamborghini LP 670 SV (with number plate SDP 88R), a Mercedes Benz E350
Coupe (registered as SJH 8T) and a Mercedes Benz E200 (registered as SDP 40C).
The first two cars were registered in his wife’s name while the third was
registered in his mother’s name. All three cars were seized and subsequently
sold as they were depreciating assets.

15 The CAD managed to seize properties and cash from Koh and his family worth
some $7.54m (not including a number of luxury watches, luxury bags and
jewellery which have not been valued). Out of this amount, some $1.5m is the
subject of adverse claims, the merits of which have not yet been determined.

Lim

16 Lim is married and has four children (two of whom were from his wife’s
previous marriage). He used the illegally obtained money in much the same ways
as Koh did. In fact, both accused persons went together to visit the showroom
of the condominium called Optima@Tanah Merah where Koh purchased unit 08-14 in
his wife’s name and Lim booked unit 09-14. This turned out to be a fairly good
investment as 09-14 was resold at a modest profit. Lim also bought another
private property with his wife.

17 Lim deposited some of his criminal proceeds into the bank accounts of his
family members and withdrew the cash soon thereafter. He also opened a bank
account in his own name for the purpose of depositing cash obtained from
cheating SLA.

18 Like Koh, Lim also bought expensive cars. However, unlike Koh, Lim traded
in one car for another and did not have three at the same time. The series of
cars included an Audi TT Coupe 2.0, a Porsche Cayman S Tip and a second-hand
Ferrari F430 F1 (bearing the registration plate SJV 82D). It was in the
process of buying the Ferrari that the cheating offence against Sing
Investments was committed.

19 The Ferrari cost some $721,000 and Lim needed a loan of $350,000 loan from
Sing Investments. Based on the salary stated in his official payslip, he would
not have qualified for such an amount in loan. The owner of the car dealer
company selling the Ferrari helped Lim to create a false document stating that
Lim was a consultant of an existing company earning $20,000 per month, an
income level that qualified Lim for the $350,000 loan. The use of this false
document deceived Sing Investments into granting Lim the loan and he bought
the Ferrari. Unfortunately, Lim crashed the Ferrari in an accident along
Nicoll Highway in December 2009 and the car has since been scrapped and sold
for $10,800. Some $210,000 were also received by way of road tax refund and
registration fee and certificate of entitlement rebates.

20 The CAD seized properties and cash from Lim and his family worth some
$1.43m (not including some luxury watches and luxury bags which have not been
valued). Out of this amount, some $38,000 is the subject of adverse claims,
the merits of which have not yet been determined.

The prosecution’s submissions on sentence

21 Both Koh and Lim have no criminal record. However, the prosecution
submitted that “a heavy deterrent sentence is called for in view of the
unprecedented scale and magnitude of fraud” in this case, highlighting the
following matters:

(a) The cheating offences were against a public institution (and against three
such institutions in the case of Koh) over a substantial period of time (more
than 10 years for Koh and more than 2 years for Lim), resulting in loss of an
astronomically large sum of public funds. Offences against public institutions
impinge on larger national and public interests;

(b) There was an egregious abuse of trust and position by public servants in
the discharge of official duties;

(c) Such collusive fraud was often hard to detect;

(d) The accused persons’ roles as coordinating masterminds of an elaborate and
organized fraud;

(e) The offences seriously undermined public confidence in the integrity of
our country’s public procurement processes; and

(f) The accused persons were sophisticated offenders who engaged in systematic
and elaborate laundering of criminal proceeds.

22 Due to the circumstances here, the accused persons should each receive in
total more than the maximum imprisonment period of 14 years that the district
court may impose in any one case under the provisions of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (it was not in dispute that the Criminal
Procedure Code in force before 2011 applies to this case).

23 The prosecution argued that the guilty pleas were not motivated by genuine
remorse and should therefore be accorded little mitigating weight. The accused
persons here knew that their game was up when CAD came into the picture and
“their guilty pleas stem from a pragmatic realization that there is no point
in delaying the inevitable”. “It is all too easy for an offender to say he is
sorry when the strong arm of the law has caught up with him” (_Chen Weixiong_
_Jerrick v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 334 at [23]).

24 The prosecution also contended that there was no real restitution as most
of the assets recovered were seized by the CAD in the course of its
investigations. While the recovered assets would reduce the overall financial
loss caused to SLA, they should not be viewed as evidence of remorse.

25 The “one transaction rule” should not apply to this case as there was no
proximity in time in the multiple offences. Consecutive imprisonment terms
should be imposed on the accused persons “for a significant number of charges
so that the court may show its abhorrence of the nefarious conduct” in this
case. The prosecution cited the Court of Appeal’s decision in _ADF v PP_
[2010] 1 SLR 874 for the proposition that more than two consecutive
imprisonment sentences ought to be given serious consideration in dealing with
distinct offences when one or more of the following factors are present:

(a)

Persistent or habitual offenders;

(b)

There is a pressing public interest concern in discouraging the type of
criminal conduct being punished;

(c)

There are multiple victims; and

(d)

Other peculiar cumulative aggravating features are present.

26 The sentences on the charges that the prosecution has proceeded on should
also be enhanced in view of the substantial number of charges taken into
consideration. The prosecution referred to three cases involving large scale
fraud heard by the High Court for comparison. They are:

(a)

_PP v Teo Cheng Kiat_ [2000] SGHC 129

The accused in that case, a supervisor in Singapore Airline, misappropriated
about $35m from the airline. About $24m were recovered. A high degree of trust
was reposed in him. For the 10 charges of criminal breach of trust by a
servant under s 408 Penal Code, with 16 other charges taken into
consideration, he was sentenced to a total of 24 years imprisonment upon his
plea of guilt.

(b)

_PP v Lam Cheng Fong_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 599

The accused in that case operated a money remittance business and embezzled
almost $8.8m from more than 1,000 foreign workers here within a period of 3
months. Only $905,000 was recovered while the rest of the money was squandered
by the accused. He pleaded guilty to 20 charges of criminal breach of trust as
an agent under s 409 Penal Code, one charge of money laundering and one charge
under s 241 Penal Code. 1,190 other charges were taken into consideration for
sentencing purposes. The court imposed a total of 22 years imprisonment.

(c)

_PP v Chia Teck Leng_ [2004] SGHC 68

The accused there was the finance manager of Asia Pacific Brewery (Singapore)
Pte Ltd. He cheated four banks of some $117m and squandered about $62m in
gambling at casinos. He pleaded guilty to 6 charges under s 467 Penal Code and
8 charges under s 420 Penal Code, with 32 other charges taken into
consideration. He received a total of 42 years imprisonment.

27 The accomplice Ho has been sentenced by the district court to 10 years
imprisonment. He pleaded guilty to 21 cheating charges with 174 similar
charges taken into consideration. His assistance in the criminal acts caused
SLA to disburse more than $9.7m to the seven sole proprietorships in his name.
His share of the criminal proceeds was about $200,000 only.

28 The prosecution submitted that Koh should be sentenced to an aggregate
imprisonment term of between 20 and 24 years while Lim should be given a total
of between 16 and 20 years.

Mitigation for Koh

29 Koh’s early guilty plea and full cooperation with CAD indicated that he was
sincerely remorseful over his actions. He has saved time and effort on the
investigators’ part by admitting his wrongdoing and cooperating with them
during investigations and helping in the tracing of the assets. A protracted
trial has also been obviated.

30 Koh was on holiday in the United States of America when he was informed
that the CAD was looking for him. He chose to return to Singapore to surrender
himself after meeting his counsel in Malaysia and reflecting on the matter for
a few days. The CAD was duly informed of the time and place of Koh’s return to
Singapore. He was arrested on 23 June 2010 and charged in court on 25 June
2010 after which he has remained in remand. He made it clear from the outset
that he would be pleading guilty at the earliest available opportunity. It was
argued that a wrong message would be sent if a heavy sentence were imposed as
that would be telling offenders that if they came back, they would be hammered
to a pulp.

31 Koh’s wife used to be a home-maker but has been forced by the circumstances
to work part time to support herself and their 9 year old daughter. They are
now living in rented premises. They were shocked by the revelations as Koh had
merely informed his wife that he had made some good investments in information
technology businesses.

32 Koh served our nation as a field engineer officer during his national
service. He graduated in electrical engineering with first class honours from
the Queensland University of Technology and was granted membership in the
Golden Key National Honour Society in the said university. He could have been
a very successful person but for the wrongdoing.

33 Koh acknowledged that as he was Lim’s superior officer in SLA, more trust
was reposed in him and he was therefore the more culpable offender between
them. He denied however that he instigated Lim to commit the cheating offences
(see Lim’s version at [40] and [41] below). They simply had discussions and
both agreed to cheat SLA together. He maintained that the criminal proceeds
between him and Lim were shared equally while some of the money was given to
the accomplices. That was also the case with the final round of cheating
offences in March 2010 against SLA involving more than $3m (Lim denied this –
see [45] below).

34 Koh also denied Lim’s allegation (see [46] below) that he had telephoned
Lim to ask him to bear responsibility for all the offences in exchange for
$1.5m. While he did call Lim, he was merely suggesting that they tell CAD that
they had shares in the “vendors” involved and were therefore entitled to some
money paid to the “vendors”.

35 SLA has commenced civil proceedings against Koh, Lim, their family members
and the accomplices. It was therefore likely that the loss occasioned to SLA
would be minimal or fully recovered.

36 The three High Court cases cited by the prosecution at [26] above were
distinguishable on the facts. Apart from the fact that some of them concerned
criminal breach of trust rather than cheating, the amounts taken and lost were
much higher in those cases. The sentence imposed on the accomplice, Ho, by the
district court does not constrain the High Court in any way where Koh was
concerned.

37 It was suggested that an aggregate imprisonment term of 16 years, backdated
to his date of remand, would suffice for Koh.

Mitigation for Lim

38 Lim has an external degree in computer science from University College
London. His wife is 7 years his senior and has two children from her previous
marriage, one of whom is autistic and studying in a special needs school. They
have two other children of their own. His wife has been unemployed since 2008.
She takes care of their four children. Lim’s mother is 64 and unemployed while
his father is 62 and earns a meagre salary as a security guard. While his
family is extremely supportive of Lim, as seen in their many letters attesting
to Lim’s good general character and pleading for leniency, Lim did not want
them to be in court so as to avoid the media.

39 The following information came from a report dated 26 May 2011 by Dr
Stephen Phang, a psychiatrist in the Institute of Mental Health (tendered as
part of the mitigation plea). Lim’s incarceration led to him developing and
suffering from a major depressive disorder of mild to moderate severity. Prior
to the offences, he experienced an adjustment disorder, possibly with
depressed mood, which was ameliorated while the offences were being committed
primarily because of the ill-gotten gains he received from the offences. His
background history is suggestive that he is not, by any perception, a habitual
offender. He is currently on antidepressant medication.

40 Lim stated that when Koh joined SLA in March 2007, Koh became his immediate
superior and was in charge of all of Lim’s work appraisals. Koh made efforts
to know Lim and learnt that Lim was in financial difficulties because his wife
was retrenched in 2004 and he had to support two step-children and two
children of his own. Lim was then struggling with his mortgage payments and
his credit card bills. A few months later, Koh sent Lim an innocuous email
stating that he had a scheme to make money and if Lim was interested, he was
to approach Koh to discuss (Koh gave a different version of the inception of
the scheme to defraud – see [33] above)..

41 Lim did approach Koh who told him about a flaw in the GeBiz procurement
portal which could be exploited. Koh told Lim to take care of the purchase
orders and other documentation while he would enlist the help of external
vendors. Due to Lim’s adjustment disorder and sense of desperation, he was
enticed into the cheating scheme. He was told that he would receive about one-
third of the criminal proceeds but his eventual share was much less than that.
Koh wanted to do “a few big ones” and then stop.

42 Out of the 11 vendors brought into the cheating scheme, Lim never met
anyone from the eight of them responsible for cheating SLA of almost $11.5m.
Most of them were brought in through Ho, Koh’s friend, whom Lim has never met.
Lim was responsible for bringing in three vendors which were involved in
cheating SLA of about $685,000.

43 Lim profited by about $1.87m from the criminal proceeds. His debts were
more than taken care of. Koh advised him not to keep too much money in the
bank to avoid trouble and suggested that Lim invest in property and luxury
goods which would retain their value. Koh also introduced the contact person
for the second-hand Ferrari. He reckoned that Koh took more than 70% of the
criminal proceeds from cheating SLA while he received between 20% and 25%
thereof.

44 As the adverse claims to the assets recovered involved about $38,000 only,
SLA would be able to recover at least $1.35m together with another $100,000 or
so from the luxury goods. Lim was making no claim to the assets and there
would therefore be savings in legal costs for SLA.

45 In 2010, Lim began to have misgivings about the cheating scheme and tried
to persuade Koh to stop. He told Koh that he wanted out and would not help him
with the transactions in the second half of March 2010. However, Koh told him
that he would be responsible for the last batch of about 53 transactions.
Feeling beholden to Koh, Lim complied with Koh’s instructions “one last time”.
Lim did not take a share of the proceeds from these transactions while Koh
kept the entire amount of $3m or so (this was disputed by Koh – see [33]
above). Lim argued that he could not have had a share of this amount looking
at the value of the assets recovered from him and his family.

46 Lim assisted CAD fully with the investigations. While he was being
interviewed by the CAD officers, Koh called him from abroad without knowing
where Lim was at that time. Koh asked Lim to take the entire blame for the
offences in exchange for $1.5m. Lim refused the offer and persuaded Koh to
return to Singapore. Although the CAD officers could not hear the
conversation, Lim told them about it immediately after ending the call. Koh’s
version about this telephone call is at [34] above.

47 Lim is extremely remorseful and makes no excuse for his actions. He
accepted that “his role as Koh’s runner was essential in carrying out the
scheme”. He apologises to all adversely affected by his foolish actions and
finds solace in religion now. He was charged in court on 6 October 2010 and
remanded thereafter. Before that, he was granted bail by CAD.

48 Lim contended that Koh was the one controlling the whole scheme from
beginning to end. While he acknowledged that he was “not a pawn, he certainly
was not the chess master that Koh was”. He likened his role to that of a
knight, “one who was controllable and whose path was limited in scope but yet
important enough in the scheme to ensure maximum benefit for the chess master
who knew how to wield him”. Lim submitted that his culpability was similar to
that of Ho, whom he has never met. Both of them had been manipulated by Koh.

49 “Deterrence must always be tempered by proportionality in relation to the
severity of the offence committed as well as by the moral and legal
culpability of the offender” (_Tan Kay Beng v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 10). It was
suggested that compassion could still be shown in a deterrent sentence and
that a total custodial sentence of 10 to 12 years would suffice to meet the
ends of justice here. The precedents cited by the prosecution (at [26] above)
were inapplicable as s 409 and s 467 of the old Penal Code provided for even
life imprisonment. Moreover, the amount defrauded and lost in this case was
nowhere near the astronomical sums in those three cases.

50 Sing Investments has sued Lim for the $350,000 loan taken out for the ill-
fated Ferrari. I was informed by counsel on watching brief for SLA that the
insurers for the Ferrari have repudiated liability on the ground that the
policy was purchased with proceeds from fraud.

The decision of the court

51 The Penal Code was amended on 1 February 2008\. As some of the cheating
offences were committed before 1 February 2008, the Penal Code (1985 Rev Ed)
(“old Penal Code”) applies to those. The punishment prescribed under 420 of
the old Penal Code was a maximum imprisonment term of 7 years with a liability
to a fine. For the cheating offences committed on or after 1 February 2008,
the Penal Code (2008 Rev Ed) (“new Penal Code”) applies. The punishment
provided under s 420 of the new Penal Code is 10 years imprisonment and a
liability to a fine. Section 109 in the new Penal Code remains the same as its
predecessor and provides that an abettor of an offence shall be punished with
the punishment provided for the offence abetted if there is no express
provision for the punishment of such abetment. There is no such express
provision and, accordingly, s 420 is the governing provision and imprisonment
is mandatory for the cheating offences.

52 Section 47(6)(a) of the Confiscation of Benefits Act provides that an
individual who commits an offence under s 47 shall be liable to a fine not
exceeding $500,000 or to imprisonment of up to 7 years or to both.

53 The precedents cited by the prosecution at [26] above have a basic common
theme with the present case. They all concern accused persons defrauding
others of millions of dollars and spending their illegally obtained fortunes
on themselves, their families or friends. There are of course differences in
the cases, some of which have been pointed out above. Nevertheless, they serve
as useful comparisons for what the total imprisonment terms ought to be for
Koh and Lim in the present case. As all involved in this case (and similar
ones before) have pragmatically noted, the significance of the sentencing
process in such cases is not what each of the offences deserves but what the
aggregate sentence comprising the consecutive imprisonment terms would be.

54 The strongest points in both accused persons’ favour are that they have
pleaded guilty at the first available opportunity and have rendered assistance
to the CAD in the investigations and in the recovery of the money and assets
wholly obtained or tainted by their fraud. More than $12m were taken by them
collectively and some $9m (in money and assets) were recovered. There are
still a number of luxury goods which have not been valued. Out of the
recovered sum, slightly more than $1.5m is the subject of adverse claims. The
total recovery will therefore be between 62.5 and 75%. In absolute terms, the
loss will be between $3m and $4.5m.

55 None of the parties in this case could come up with accurate computations
as to what the respective shares of Koh and Lim were as between themselves
since everything was transacted in cash, leaving no financial trail. Even the
accused persons disagreed on what their shares were. Koh maintained it was
50-50 (see [33]) while Lim surmised it was in the region of 70-30 (at [43]).
However, we could fairly say that Koh gave himself a larger share if we
consider the assets seized, bearing in mind that Lim had admitted he was in a
financial mire and therefore would have used some of the funds to clear his
debts and to support his family (his parents, his wife and their four
children), causing him to be less asset-rich than Koh who did not appear to
have any money problems.

56 First offenders in the position of Koh and Lim do not deserve the kind of
sympathy reserved for those who transgress for the first time on an isolated
occasion and often out of line with their general character. A clear
distinction has to be drawn between those who break the law for the first time
and those who have been flouting the law with impunity for years and are
finally caught and charged for the first time. The latter class can hardly be
called novices in crime. It would be much more apt to describe them as
seasoned criminals skilled at avoiding detection. This is particularly true
for Koh whose fraudulent acts in his previous workplaces came to light only
fortuitously years after the events.

57 Offences involving public funds committed against public institutions have
to be dealt with sternly as they amount to an assault on the common weal and
undermine good administration. It is worse when such assaults come from within
the organization and are initiated by people trusted to handle public funds
and to ensure fair play in commercial dealings with the organization. Fraud
which is carefully planned and coolly played out is often difficult to uncover
even with good checks and balances. It becomes even more elusive when there is
collaboration and collusion from within the organization defrauded.

58 Koh defrauded three public bodies consecutively while working within them.
Lim cheated only one but, like Koh, in a big way. Koh and Lim siphoned off
SLA’s funds stealthily and systematically over a number of years. They were
the safety checks put in place to administer the technology infrastructure and
to prevent financial leakage but they transformed themselves into
surreptitious sluices letting out torrents of public funds illegally. Koh as
the more senior officer between the two of them naturally bears more
culpability but it would diminish Lim’s role unjustifiably if we forget that
the duet of deception could not have been performed with such virtuosity
unless both of them were in complete harmony. Koh needed Lim and Lim needed
Koh.

59 Their duty as conscientious employees should have been to rectify flaws in
the system should they come across any. Instead, they decided to manipulate
the system then existing in order to enrich themselves at public expense.
Their brashness and sheer confidence were evidenced by the fact that they
frequently authorised huge payments without even receiving any of the
purported goods and services contracted for. While owners of property may be
expected to exercise some care in protecting their possessions, our courts do
not entertain pleas by cheaters and thieves that they were tempted by any
perceived lack of security or alertness on the victims’ part, particularly
when the defrauders took pains to disguise themselves and their activities.
Organizations large and small, public and private, may put in place the best
systems but if those entrusted with operating the systems (especially at the
higher levels) choose to be dishonest, fraud can still occur. For this reason,
as mentioned in [57] above, fraud from within must be deterred and decisively
punished when it is committed.

60 Financial crimes like these often have repercussions beyond the immediate
facts of the case. New and more stringent checks may have to be introduced to
try to prevent a repeat of the cheating. More levels of authorisation and
authentication may have to be put in place. The result is increased costs in
time, manpower and possibly infrastructure which would have been quite
unnecessary if honesty prevails. There is the added dimension of creating
disputes and litigation among those deceived. One example here is the
potential dispute relating to the Ferrari involving the insurers, Sing
Investments and SLA. We also witnessed in recent court history how the
criminal activities in _PP v Chia Teck Leng_ (mentioned at [26] above)
generated costly litigation among the victim organizations.

61 Where the money laundering offences were concerned, the prosecution
described Koh and Lim as “highly sophisticated criminals” capable of
“systematic and elaborate laundering of criminal proceeds”. With respect, I do
not quite agree with this description. They had the commonsense not to leave
an audit trail and therefore transacted in cash only among the accomplices.
They did try to camouflage their huge cash reserves by their various means of
investments. However, the investments were all in Singapore and were readily
traceable to them because the purported owners were not persons of apparent
financial means and stature who could easily explain the source of their
wealth. Their rather egoistic acts in purchasing super cars, especially the
attention-grabbing Lamborghini and Ferrari, in our small island indicated
inane vanity rather than sophistication. They were carelessly inviting
questions about their new found wealth, particularly for Lim, whose recent
financial woes must have been known to those who knew him. They were indeed
seasoned in cheating but were hardly sophisticated money launderers.

62 Koh apparently had reservations about returning to Singapore when he became
aware of the investigations by the CAD. Whatever the true context of that
telephone call that he made to Lim, it was at the very least an attempt to
deceive the investigators and to downplay the enormity of their criminal acts.
In any event, he made the correct and honourable decision to return home to
admit to the wrongdoings and to face the consequences. Belated repentance is
still better than total lack of remorse and blatant refusal to acknowledge
guilt.

63 Nothing was said about Koh’s motivation for his criminal activities. He did
not appear to have been in debt. Therefore I can only surmise from the way he
spent the criminal proceeds that he craved luxury but was unwilling to work
hard for it.

64 Lim’s depression while in custody was largely induced by his own criminal
acts. Further, his pre-existing adjustment disorder, as noted by Dr Stephen
Phang, did not deprive him of the mental capacity to differentiate between
right and wrong. The psychiatrist went on to opine that “[i]n fact, he would
conceivably have required a nimble state of mind to have successfully engaged
in the illicit activities for which he is presently charged with committing,
over an extended period of approximately 3 years”. His mental state therefore
carries practically no mitigating value.

65 While I had some sympathy for Lim’s previous predicament in view of his
family commitments, which spurred him to partner Koh in this criminal
enterprise, that unfortunately dissipated quickly when his needs evolved
rapidly into greed. This was particularly the case concerning the charge
involving Sing Investments. There could have been no justification whatsoever
for cheating in order to upgrade from an already expensive car to a super car,
albeit a second hand one.

66 Although Lim claimed to have had misgivings about the cheating scheme in
2010, he nonetheless agreed to help Koh cheat SLA out of more than $3m in over
50 false transactions within the month of March 2010\. As pointed out by the
prosecution, that worked out to an average of more than two fraudulent
transactions per working day during that month. The “one last time” of
cheating was truly a grand finale. It certainly fits into the original plan to
do “a few big ones” (see [41] above). Even if Lim did not take any share of
this money, he had again knowingly assisted Koh in cheating a public body in
spectacular fashion.

67 Lim’s family members and friends have written to the court to attest to his
general good character and to plead for leniency for him. I shall mention a
sampling of the testimonials here. His wife wrote to say that he is “a dutiful
husband and loving father to our four children … My family condemned his crime
but not him”. His biological daughter described him as “a good man” and stated
that she “really really miss him very much”. His step-daughter wrote to say
that “he is a kind hearted man, a loving husband and yet a stern father” and
that after her biological father left her, her mother and her autistic younger
brother, Lim’s presence “made a great impact in my life”. Lim’s former school
mate described him as “a very loyal friend” and “obsessed with cars”. His
father also touched on this issue when he wrote (in Chinese) that Lim’s
“weakness is the love for cars, so in a moment of folly and overcome by greed,
he treaded on the wrong path”. Two of his friends wrote that Lim was a very
responsible man who “has not only taken the responsibility of a husband but
also a father to two kids not of his own as his. This is a very huge
responsibility for anyone what more a young man with no prior parental
experience. Added to this was the fact that one child needed special care for
his autism”. Others stated that Lim has found meaning and solace in his
religion.

68 I acknowledge all the testimonials written for Lim and wish to assure the
writers that due consideration has been given to them. Should the sentence
that I am about to pronounce not meet the wishes of the writers, especially
the two daughters, it will not be due to my disbelief or disregard of their
statements and sentiments. To Lim’s children, your father will return to you
one day. Do not forget him, do not stop loving him.

69 In view of the enormity of the criminal activities in this case, deterrence
and retribution have to be clearly reflected in the sentences to be imposed,
tempered by proportionality in relation to the severity of the offences
committed as well as by the moral and legal culpability of the accused persons
here (see [49] above). Although the new Penal Code provides for a higher
maximum imprisonment term for cheating, I decided not to draw a distinction in
sentence between the cheating offences committed under the old Penal Code and
those under the new Penal Code as the substance of the offences committed was
essentially the same.

70 I now pronounce the following sentences.

**_Koh_**

For each of the 46 cheating charges - 4 years imprisonment

For each of the 9 money laundering charges - 3 years imprisonment

The imprisonment terms in respect of cheating charges number 1, 44, 185 and
189 and money laundering charges number 238 and 241 are to run consecutively
with effect from **23 June 2010** (date of arrest), making a total
imprisonment term of **22 years**.

**_Lim_**

For each of the 41 cheating charges - 4 years imprisonment

For each of the 8 money laundering charges - 3 years imprisonment

The imprisonment terms in respect of cheating charges number 44, 189 and 264
and money laundering charge number 253 are to run consecutively with effect
from **6 October 2010** (date of remand by district court), making a total
imprisonment term of **15 years**.

71 A disposal inquiry is to be conducted in the Subordinate Courts to deal
with all the seized properties in this case.

72 I thank the prosecution and the defence counsel for their able assistance
in this matter.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Nov 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

