Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chee Soon Juan and another _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 17

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals Nos 133 & 134 of 2008; 279 & 273 of 2009;
233 & 234 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 January 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Appellants in person; Mr Chia Ti Lik @ Xie ZhiLi (Chia
Ngee Thuang & Co) for appellant in MA 133/2008); Mr Sellakumaran Sellamuthoo,
Mr Han Ming Kuang and Mr John Lu Zhuoren (Attorney General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chee Soon Juan and another — Public Prosecutor  
  
20 January 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

The Facts

1 The appellants were each convicted of four charges for providing public
entertainment by way of making an address in a place to which the public has
access without a licence under s 19(1)(a) the Public Entertainments and
Meetings Act (Cap 257, 2001 Rev Ed) (“PEMA”). The offences were committed on
four different occasions (in particular, on 16 November 2005, 8, 12 and 15
April 2006) at separate locations. A fine of $5,000 (in default five weeks’
imprisonment) for each charge was imposed on Chee Soon Juan (“Dr Chee”) while
a fine of $2,000 was imposed on the other appellant, Yap Keng Ho (“Mr Yap”)
for each of the offences (with 10 days’ default imprisonment for the offences
committed on 16 November 2005, 8 April 2006, 12 April 2006, and 14 days’
default imprisonment for the offence committed on 15 April 2006).

2 The trial in respect of the offences committed on 8 April 2006 was heard by
District Judge Jasvender Kaur over 10 days (MA 133 and 134 of 2008). The trial
in respect of the offences committed on 16 November 2005 and 12 April 2006
lasting 33 days was heard by District Judge Thian Yee Sze (MA 273 and 279 of
2009), while District Judge Jill Tan heard the 15-day trial in respect of the
offences committed on 15 April 2006 (MA 233 and 234 of 2010). The appellants
appealed against all the convictions and the respective sentences. The three
District Judges are hereinafter collectively referred to as “the trial
Judges”.

3 It is provided under s 3 of the PEMA that no public entertainment shall be
provided unless it is in an approved place and in accordance with a licence
issued by the Licensing Officer. Section 19(1)(a) of the PEMA stipulates that
any person who provides any public entertainment without a licence issued
under the PEMA shall be guilty of an offence and liable to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 upon conviction. Section 2(m) of the Schedule to the PEMA
defines public entertainment to include, _inter alia_ , any “lecture, talk,
address, debate or discussion…in any place to which the public or any class of
the public has access whether gratuitously or otherwise.”[note: 1]

4 It is undisputed that the appellants were physically present at the scene
where the offences were committed, and that the offences took place at the
locations where the public had access. It was also not disputed that the
appellants did not apply for a licence.

5 The appellants raised four main arguments in the appeals before me:

(a) First, the appellants asserted their right to freedom of speech under Art
14 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (“the Constitution”).

(b) Second, the appellants argued that the police, the Executive, and the
Public Entertainments Licensing Unit’s (“PELU”) blanket policy of not granting
licences under the PEMA to political parties was discriminatory and therefore
unconstitutional, in contravention of the appellants’ right to equal
protection of the law, under Art 12 of the Constitution.

(c) Third, the appellants contended that they were victims of bad faith and
discriminatory enforcement of the PEMA. The appellants claimed to have
modelled their activities to be similar to those conducted by hawkers and
stall-owners at public places, but were singled out and targeted by the
police. The appellants argued that their prosecution was discriminatory and a
denial of equality contrary to the law enshrined in Art 12 of the
Constitution.

(d) Fourth, the appellants contended that they were only making a sales pitch
which did not amount to an “address” within the meaning of s 19 of PEMA. I
shall consider each of the arguments in turn.

The Court’s decision

Whether the PEMA contravenes the appellants’ asserted right to freedom of
speech under Art 14 of the Constitution

6 Mr Chia Ti Lik (“Mr Chia”) represented the appellant, Dr Chee in MA
133/2008. However, his role as counsel for Dr Chee was limited to advancing
the legal submission that the provisions of the PEMA are in violation of the
freedom of speech enshrined in Art 14 of the Constitution. It is not denied
that the same legal issue was raised and resolved in two earlier High Court
decisions, _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_
[1989] 2 SLR(R) 419 (“ _JBJ v PP_ ”) and _Chee Soon Juan v Public Prosecutor_
[2003] 2 SLR(R) 445 (“ _Chee Soon Juan v PP_ ”). In both decisions, the High
Court held that the freedom of speech under Art 14 of the Constitution is not
an absolute right. Specifically, in both decisions, the High Court held that
the enactment of the PEMA was permitted under Art 14(2)(a) of the
Constitution. The High Court in _Chee Soon Juan v PP_ made the following
pertinent observations:

19 The right to freedom of speech is enshrined in art 14(1)(a) of our
Constitution. However, this right is expressly made subject to the limitation
in art 14(2)(a) of the Constitution, which reads as follows:

(2) Parliament may by law impose -

(a) on the rights conferred by clause (1)(a), such restrictions as it
considers necessary or expedient in the interest of the security of Singapore
or any part thereof, friendly relations with other countries, public order or
morality and restrictions designed to protect the privileges of Parliament or
to provide against contempt of court, defamation or incitement to any offence;
...

20 In any society, democratic or otherwise, freedom of speech is not an
absolute right. Broader societal concerns such as public peace and order must
be engaged in a balancing exercise with the enjoyment of this personal
liberty. This is embodied in art 14(2)(a). I did not find the provisions of
PEMA to be in any way contrary to our Constitution. Indeed, it seemed
eminently clear that the enactment of PEMA was fully within the power of the
legislature pursuant to the power granted to it by art 14(2)(a).

7 Dr Chee and Mr Yap both adopted Mr Chia’s submission on the alleged
unconstitutionality of the PEMA for their respective appeals. Before me, Mr
Chia’s legal submission was essentially the same arguments which were raised
and subsequently rejected in the two earlier High Court decisions. In
addition, Mr Chia drew my attention to the recent decision of the Court of
Appeal of British Columbia in _Vancouver (City) v Zhang_ [2010] BCCA 450 (“
_Vancouver v Zhang_ ”) to mount a fresh challenge against the
constitutionality of PEMA. The case concerned an application by the City
Council of Vancouver for an injunction compelling Falun Gong practitioners to
remove their billboards containing political expressions from a grassy portion
of the city street in front of the Chinese consulate because they were in
contravention of s 71 of the Street and Traffic By-Law (Revised By-law No
2849) (“the by-law”). The Court of Appeal of British Columbia held that s 71
of the by-law was unconstitutional as it was inconsistent with the freedom of
expression guaranteed under s 2(b) of the Canadian Charter. A close
examination of _Vancouver v Zhang_ would reveal that it provides no assistance
to the appellants in the appeals before me. First, the provisions of the
Canadian Charter are quite different from that found in the Constitution of
Singapore. Section 2(b) of the Canadian Charter provides the following:

2\. Everyone has the following fundamental freedoms:

...

(b) freedom of thought, belief, opinion and expression, including freedom of
the press and other media of communication…

8 The freedom of expression under s 2(b) is, however, qualified by s 1 of the
Canadian Charter which provides as follows:

The _Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms_ guarantees the rights and
freedoms set out in it subject only to such reasonable limits prescribed by
law as can be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society.

[emphasis in original]

9 The restriction under s 1 of “such reasonable limits prescribed by law” has
been interpreted by the Canadian case law _R v Oakes_ [1986] 1 SCR 103 to
refer to the “minimal impairment requirement”. Therefore, under the Canadian
regime, the freedom of expression guaranteed under s 2(b) of the Charter is
subject only to restrictions prescribed by law provided it meets the minimum
impairment requirement. The position in Singapore is, however, quite
different. Art 14 is expressly made subject to the right of Parliament to
impose such restrictions as it may consider necessary or expedient by reasons
of, _inter alia_ , interest of the security of Singapore or “public order”.
Unlike the position in Canada, there is no requirement in Singapore for such
restrictions to meet the minimal impairment requirement. Furthermore, there is
no dispute that the PEMA was validly passed by Parliament pursuant to Art
14(2)(a) of the Constitution.

10 In _Vancouver v Zhang_ , the court was persuaded to find that s 71 was
unconstitutional because the City Council chose to maintain a _complete_ ban
against the use of structure for political expression. In the appeals before
me, there is simply no evidence that a _complete_ ban exist. The very fact
that the PEMA specifically provides for a procedure to apply for a licence to
provide public entertainment, which by definition includes making an address,
would negate the existence of such a _complete_ ban. As such, there is no
merit whatsoever in the appellants’ renewed submission as regards the alleged
unconstitutionality of the PEMA.

Whether the alleged discriminatory licensing policy provides a defence to the
appellants

11 The appellants argued that, as members of a political party, they were
subjected to an alleged discriminatory application and enforcement of the PEMA
by the police authorities, the Executive and the PELU. The appellants contend
that there exists an Executive policy to impose a blanket ban on the issuance
of licences to political parties to make speeches, and that such a policy
contravenes their right to equal protection under the law as guaranteed by Art
12(1) of the Constitution.

12 I find the appellants’ contentions to be wholly misconceived. First, during
the appeal, I questioned Dr Chee as to how such a policy, even assuming that
it exists, could translate into a defence against his convictions under s
19(1)(a) of PEMA. In particular, I asked Dr Chee whether such a policy would
render the PEMA unconstitutional. Dr Chee was unable to provide a clear
explanation. However, he accepted that the policy did not affect the
constitutionality of the PEMA (see Notes of Evidence of the present appeal
(“N/E”) at p 75):

Court: And if you say, if you succeed in persuading me that this policy was in
place and this policy was unconstitutional, are you therefore saying that PEMA
is unconstitutional?

Chee: No, your Honour.

13 The logical effect of Dr Chee’s clarification is that the PEMA remains
valid and if so it continues to be an offence under the PEMA to make an
address without a licence.

14 Second, it is undisputed that the appellants did not apply for the
requisite licence to make an address. Given that there was _no application_
for the licence under the PEMA, there is no decision that the Court can
review. Without an application for a licence by the appellants, any alleged
discriminatory _licensing_ policy would have _no effect_ on the appellants and
would therefore be irrelevant to the appellants’ offences under the PEMA.
Indeed, s 13 of the PEMA expressly provides for the proper procedure to be
adopted in the event that the PELU rejects an application for a licence:

**Refusal of licence**

**13**.—(1) The Licensing Officer may, in his discretion, refuse to issue or
renew any licence.

(2) The Licensing Officer shall, if so required by the applicant or the
licensee, as the case may be, furnish the applicant or the licensee within 7
days of being so required with the _grounds of such refusal in writing_.

(3) Any applicant or licensee who is aggrieved by the refusal of the Licensing
Officer may, within 14 days of the furnishing to him of the grounds of the
refusal, _appeal in writing to the Minister whose decision shall be final_.

(4) Where the Minister decides to grant the appeal for the issue or renewal of
a licence, he may impose such conditions as he thinks fit.

[emphasis added]

15 The proper remedy for a complainant whose licence application was refused,
is to seek grounds for such refusal in writing under s 13(2) and to appeal in
writing to the Minister under s 13(3). This was elaborated by Chan J (as he
then was) in _JBJ v PP_ :

23 Under s 13(2) of the Act, the first appellant was entitled to ask the
licensing officer for the reasons for rejecting his application. He omitted to
exercise this right at that stage. He contended that he was still entitled to
exercise it at the trial. In my view, he was wrong. The purpose of s 13(2) is
not to enable a person charged for an offence under the Act to ask for the
reasons at the trial. The purpose is to enable an aggrieved applicant to
appeal to the Minister under s 14 of the Act. There was no question of an
appeal to the Minister in this case….

...

26 The soundness of the first appellant's submission may be tested by assuming
that the licensing officer wrongfully refused the licence. What were his legal
rights? The court would have quashed the decision if the appellants had
commenced proceedings for judicial review. The licensing officer would then
have to consider the application afresh. If he refused, the court would have
the power to direct him to do so. But, the court would not have been able to
grant a licence to the first appellant or direct the licensing officer to do
so, as the power of court is exercisable by way of supervisory jurisdiction in
these matters. Therefore, the invalidity of the decision of the licensing
officer would result in nothing more than the appellants' _status quo ante_
the application. They would still have had no licence when they provided the
public entertainment. The law was that no public entertainment might be
provided without a licence under the Act and except in accordance with the
terms of the licence. The law was not that public entertainment might be
provided subject to such restrictions as might be imposed under the Act. It
must follow that the answers of the licensing officer, whatever they might
have been, could not have provided any defence to the appellants on the
charges against them.

16 The appellants tried to explain away their omission to apply for the
licence. They claimed that there would have been no point in applying for a
licence as they believed that the PELU or police authorities would in any
event not consider and reject applications by political parties. I am unable
to accept this contention. First, it has been decided in _Tan Khee Wan Iris v
Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 723 (“ _Tan Khee Wan Iris_ ”) that the
offence of providing public entertainment without a licence under the PEMA is
one of strict liability. There is no burden on the Prosecution to establish
any _mens rea_ as regards the absence of a licence. Second, the truth of the
matter is the appellants had never intended to apply for a licence because
such a requirement had not operated on their minds before and during the
commission of the offences; the appellants did not believe that the licence
was required since, according to their own case, _they had only intended to
make a sales pitch_. Indeed, Dr Chee testified that he did not apply for a
licence because he believed that none was required (see N/E at pp 265?266 for
MA 133/2008):

Q:On that day, you did not have a licence to speak to the crowd as shown in
the video. Agree?

A:No. We were selling the newspaper. As I made it abundantly clear, I have
been doing so for years and never had a permit to do what we were doing on 8
April 2006.

Q:You agreed you were the person talking in the video. All I am asking is did
you on that day have a licence?

A:We have a permit on the newspaper to sell the newspaper which we have been
doing it for years. There is a separate licence which we can apply to the PELU
and do it online but because we were not giving a speech we did not apply for
a licence.

17 Dr Chee reiterated the same position subsequently (see N/E at p 593 for MA
233/234 of 2010):

Q:But you were certain of one thing, which is that you did not need a public
entertainment licence because your purpose in engaging in these sort of
activities was to sell your publications and raise funds?

A:That’s correct.

Q:And what was the basis of this belief?

A:I am not sure what you mean.

Q:What was the basis of your certainty that you did not need a licence under
PEMA?

A:I suppose because our intention was to go out and sell the newspaper, as far
as I understand it, that doesn’t fall under PEMA. Only if you want to make a
speech. So it’s not something that seemed to be congruent, I guess.

18 It is also noteworthy that District Judge Jill Tan observed in her
judgment, _Public Prosecutor v Chee Soon Juan & another_ [2010] SGDC 298 (“
_PP v Chee Soon Juan & anor_”), the same:

21 [Chee] did not apply for a public entertainment licence because he
considered it to be unnecessary as he only intended to sell the publications,
not make a speech. He contended that all his utterances that day were to
further the sale of the publications, and that if the exhortations to the
public to buy the publications were removed, his remaining words would have no
meaning

19 In light of the above, it is misleading for the appellants to submit that
they did not obtain a licence because of their belief that a policy existed to
deny licences to political parties for making public addresses and that such a
policy is unconstitutional. The truth is that the appellants made a wrong
judgment call that no licence was required.

20 I further note that there is no evidence of the alleged discriminatory
policy. The appellants attempted to suggest that the lack of evidence of the
discriminatory policy was due to the trial Judges’ refusal to allow the
appellants to cross-examine the police officers and officers from the PELU on
the parliamentary statements made by Minister Wong Kan Seng.[note: 2] In
particular, the appellants contended that the trial court was the appropriate
forum to consider the constitutional challenge of the discriminatory licensing
policy, and submitted that the trial Judges should have allowed the appellants
to conduct the cross-examination. In the oral submissions before me, the
appellants argued that they were entitled to raise the issue on the
unconstitutionality of the discriminatory licensing policy before the trial
Judges, and submitted that if the policy was indeed found to be
unconstitutional, it would have provided a complete defence to the offence
under the PEMA. The appellants relied on the decision of _Boddington v British
Transport Police_ [1992] 2 AC 143 (“ _Boddington”_) to support their position
that such collateral challenges are permitted in criminal proceedings, and
argued that it was not necessary for such constitutional challenges to be
dealt with by way of a separate judicial review. Dr Chee made the following
submissions in the appeal (see N/E at pp 69 and 70):

Chee: …on the point of the judicial review and whether…it is a must that the
questions that we had raised during the trial itself could not be addressed by
the Courts but only by way of a judicial review, your Honour, I want…to bring
your attention to the decision again in _Boddington._.

…

Chee: Page 13. Fourth paragraph from the top, your Honour…Line 6 of that
paragraph, Lord Slynn, he writes that:

[Reads] “It is not a realistic or satisfactory riposte that defendants can
always go by way of a judicial review. In any event although the procedural
advantages of raising such damages by way of judicial review have long been
recognised, an application for judicial review is not a straight-jacket which
must be put on before rights can be asserted. The decisions in cases in your
Lordships’ House sighted [_sic_] by Lord Steyn had made this clear”…

Court: And you were referring this passage to support which argument?

Chee: The fact that, your Honour, because---in response to the DPP’s point
that these questions can only be dealt with at a judicial review, your Honour,
and _I am trying to point out that that is not necessarily so…_

[emphasis added]

Dr Chee further asserted that (see N/E at p 76):

Chee: I referred you to _Boddington_ , your Honour... the House of Lords have
ruled that it is open to a defendant to raise in a criminal prosecution the
contention of a byelaw or an administrative act, in this case, we are
referring to the administrative act, which is equivalent to the policy…that we
are talking about, undertaken pursuant to it is _ultra vires_ …and unlawful.

21 In _Boddington_ , a railway company exercised its powers pursuant to s
67(1) of the UK Transport Act 1962 to create a by-law to ban smoking in all
carriages. In his defence to a conviction of smoking in a carriage, the
appellant argued that the railway company’s decision to create the relevant
by-law was _ultra vires_ the UK Transport Act. The House of Lords held that
such an argument could be raised as a defence to criminal proceedings and need
not be brought by way of a separate enquiry for judicial review. The decision
of _Boddington_ can be understood in its context; if the by-law was found to
be _ultra vires_ , it would have been declared invalid, and there would have
been no offence for which the appellant in that case could have committed.
This is in contrast to the present case, where, as already emphasised above at
[12], the existence of the unconstitutional licensing policy, if any, would
have _no effect_ on the constitutionality of the PEMA. The statute which
creates the offence would still remain valid. Furthermore, as highlighted
above at [14], the purported existence of the unconstitutional licensing
policy would, in the absence of an application for a licence, be irrelevant to
the appellants’ case in any event. Moreover, I have serious doubts that the
principle in _Boddington_ would apply similarly for _constitutional_
challenges raised in subordinate court proceedings, given the subordinate
court’s lack of powers to grant public law remedies such as _certiorari_ and
_mandamus_. Indeed, it has been emphasised in _Chan Hiang Leng Colin and
others v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 209 (“ _Chan Hiang Leng”_) that
the position in England is quite different from the local position, given that
our Subordinate Courts have the guidance of s 56A of the Subordinate Courts
Act (Cap 321, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Subordinate Courts Act”), or more recently,
of s 395 of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (No. 15 of 2010) (“ the CPC
2010”). Both provisions are dealt with in greater detail below at [26]–[37].
The Court in _Chan Hiang Leng_ pointed out that the principle in _Boddington_
may apply to an _ultra vires_ challenge of the relevant Order in question, but
_constitutional_ challenges should properly be governed by applications under
s 56A (at [32]):

There is no provision in England similar to our s 56A. The English position
can therefore be distinguished in this respect. However, in the context of
this case, I am of the view that the English principles are relevant. Section
56A can be read as being confined to constitutional issues alone. The issues
raised here include challenges to the validity of orders on the basis that
they are _ultra vires_. _Ultra vires_ issues are not necessarily issues
arising out of or with respect to an interpretation of the Constitution and
therefore cannot be referred to the High Court under s 56A. As I have stated
earlier, the district judge's ruling on these preliminary issues was correct.
I would add however that it should also be subject to the refinement
enunciated by Woolf LJ in _Bugg v Director of Public Prosecutions_. It is
clearly not proper to raise _ultra vires_ issues which extend beyond
substantive validity, in the sense of being clearly wrong on the face of it,
in Subordinate Court proceedings.

22 In any event, the trial Judges’ decisions not to allow the appellants to
cross-examine the police or officers from PELU on the Parliamentary reports
made by the Minister were plainly correct for the simple reason that the
reports had _no bearing or relevance_ to the appellants’ case. The Minister’s
statements related to the prohibition of _outdoor and street demonstrations
and protests_ ; the statements relied upon by the appellants say nothing about
prohibiting political parties from making addresses (under the PEMA) in public
places. The Minister’s statements are reproduced below for ease of reference;
see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (28 February 2008) vol 84 (Mr Wong Kan
Seng, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs):

We have also evolved our policies in relation to different forms of
expression. To recapitulate, in the year 2000, we created the Speakers' Corner
as an outdoor venue for political speeches. In 2004, we liberalised its use to
include performances and exhibitions. In addition, we exempted all indoor
public talks from the licensing requirement under the Public Entertainments
and Meetings Act, so long as the organisers and speakers are Singapore
citizens. The only content restriction to all these is that the speeches must
not touch on race or religion, and Members know why.

**_We have stopped short of allowing outdoor and street demonstrations_**.
However, we allow demonstrations if they take place indoors or within the
confines of stadiums, as the Police assess that any disorder will be better
contained in such venues. We are presently reviewing how we can further
liberalise the use of Speaker's Corner as an outdoor venue for more political
activities including demonstrations.

Our experiences in the past have taught us to be **_very circumspect about
outdoor and street protests_**. The 1950 Maria Hertogh riots and the 1964 race
riots, both started as peaceful assemblies, but eventually ended up with 54
dead, 736 injured…

…we constantly review our assumptions by monitoring the developments in other
countries. And what we learn tells us that our concerns remain valid. In many
supposedly mature societies, we see cases where **_peaceful protests_** do
degenerate into riots and violence. ** _Protest organisers_** do not typically
declare that they want to hold a violent protest. And although most people
involved in a demonstration may have no intention of using violence, a handful
of agitators can spark off mob violence quite easily. So, for young people in
their exuberance, they may think that it is fun to demonstrate for whatever
the cause. They have no control of the situation should agitators choose to
exploit it.

The question for Singaporeans is **_whether we should accept the risk and
permit a culture of street protests._** That is the key question. In my view,
one riot is one riot too many. The scars of violence in a community take a
long time to heal. Once lost, public confidence in our stability and security
will take a long time to re-build.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

23 Evidently, there is nothing in the Minister’s parliamentary speech to
suggest any alleged blanket ban on the issuance of permits to political
parties to make addresses at public places. The parliamentary statements
pertained to the prohibition of outdoor and street demonstrations and
protests. The appellants’ contention in the context of the offences before me
was therefore devoid of any merit.

24 Dr Chee had also relied on some parliamentary statements made by Associate
Professor Ho Peng Kee. These statements are reproduced below; see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ (27 August 2007) vol 83, col 1337 (Associate Professor
Ho Peng Kee for the Deputy Prime Minister and the Minister for Home Affairs):

Ms Sylvia Lim asked the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs if
he will provide reasons for the rejection of a police permit to hold the
Workers' Party 50th Anniversary Cycling Event on 9th September 2007 at the
East Coast Park.

Assoc. Prof. Ho Peng Kee (for the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Home
Affairs): Mr Speaker, Sir, the reason why political parties are not allowed to
organise outdoor activities has been explained in Parliament before.

Police does not allow political parties to **_organise outdoor gatherings_**
because such activities have the potential for public disorder and mischief,
and may disrupt community life. Police's requirement is that such party
activities be held indoors or within stadiums, so that any law and order
problems would be contained. **_This policy applies to all political
parties_**.

The Workers' Party had applied to the Police to organise a **_mass cycling
event_** to celebrate the party's 50th anniversary at the East Coast Park. The
East Coast Park is a recreational park for Singaporeans and their families.

It is not meant to be used by a political party to promote its cause. Apart
from displacing the usual recreational users of East Coast Park, it is an open
area where there is greater potential for a breach of the peace, public
disorder and unruly behaviour. As I have explained, Police takes a more
cautious approach towards outdoor activities organised by political parties.
In line with this approach, Police rejected Workers' Party's application.

…the Workers' Party may wish to consider organising its celebrations at an
indoor venue or in a sports stadium.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

25 It is unclear why Dr Chee had sought to rely on these parliamentary
statements. There is nothing in them to suggest that a policy exists to impose
any blanket ban on all applications for licences by political parties under
the PEMA to make addresses in a public place. The statements were made in the
specific context of a cycling event, and are relevant only to the broader
context of **_outdoor gatherings_** organised by political parties. They have
no relevance to the present appeals. I should add that Dr Chee, in his
submissions, had omitted to mention Associate Professor Ho’s clear statement
that the policy against outdoor gatherings applies to _all_ political parties.

Reference of constitutional questions to the High Court

26 In the proceedings before District Judge Thian,[note: 3] the appellants
applied for issues on the constitutionality of the PEMA, the constitutionality
of the alleged Executive licensing policy, and the alleged discriminatory
enforcement by the police, to be referred to the High Court under s 56A of the
Subordinate Courts Act (hereinafter referred to as “s 56A”). Ordinarily, if
there arises, in the course of the criminal proceedings, a serious or novel
constitutional question relevant to the determination of the proceedings, the
proper course of action would be for the Subordinate Court to stay the
criminal proceedings and refer the constitutional question to the High Court.
Section 56A provides for the procedure for the reference of constitutional
challenges to the High Court:

**Reference of constitutional question to High Court**

**56A**. —(1) Where in any proceedings in a subordinate court a _question
arises as to the interpretation or effect of any provision of the
Constitution_ , the court hearing the proceedings may stay the proceedings on
such terms as may be just to await the decision of the question on the
reference to the High Court.

(2) An order staying proceedings under this section may be made by the court
of its own motion or on the application of any party and shall be made at such
stage of the proceedings as the court may see fit having regard to the
decision of such questions of fact as may be necessary to be settled to assist
the High Court in deciding the question which has arisen and to the speedy and
economical final determination of the proceedings.

(3) Where an order for stay of proceedings has been made under this section,
the court shall state the question which in its opinion has arisen as to the
interpretation or effect of the Constitution in the form of a special case
which so far as may be possible shall state the question in a form which shall
permit of an answer being given in the affirmative or the negative.

(4) The court shall cause the special case to be transmitted to the High Court
and the High Court shall hear and determine the constitutional question
arising out of the case in the exercise of its original jurisdiction.

(5) Notice of the hearing of the special case by the High Court under this
section shall be given to the Attorney-General who shall have a right to be
heard.

[emphasis added]

27 Section 56A was recently deleted from the Subordinate Courts Act with
effect from 2 January 2011. The new version is now found in s 395 of the CPC
2010 which is reproduced as follows:

**Power of court to state case 395**. —(1) A trial court hearing any criminal
case, may on the application of any party to the proceedings or on its own
motion, state a case to the relevant court on any question of law.

(2) Any application or motion made —

(a) on a _question of law which arises as to the interpretation or effect of
any provision of the Constitution_ may be made at any stage of the proceedings
after the question arises and must set out the question to be referred to the
relevant court;

(b) on any other question of law must be made in writing within 10 days from
the time of the making or passing of the judgment, sentence or order by the
trial court and set out briefly the facts under deliberation and the question
of law to be decided on them.

(3) The trial court shall —

(a) upon an application or motion made _on a question of law which arises as
to the interpretation or effect of any provision of the Constitution_ , state
the case to the relevant court by setting out the question which in its
opinion has arisen as to the interpretation or effect of the Constitution,
which question shall, so far as may be possible, be in a form which shall
permit of an answer being given in the affirmative or the negative; and

(b) upon an application or motion made on any other question of law, state the
case to the relevant court by briefly setting out the facts that it considers
proved and the question of law to be reserved for the opinion of the relevant
court.

(4) Notwithstanding subsection (3), the trial court **_may refuse to state a
case upon any application if it considers the application frivolous or without
any merit_** , _but it must state a case if the application is made by the
Public Prosecutor_.

(5) If a trial court refuses to state a case under subsection (4), the
applicant may apply to the relevant court for an order to direct the trial
court to state the case.

(6) The trial court in stating any case under subsection (3) shall cause the
case to be transmitted to the Registrar of the Supreme Court.

(7) The relevant court shall hear and determine the question of law or
constitutional question arising out of the case stated.

(8) Before stating any case to the relevant court under subsection (3)(_a_),
the trial court may make an order to stay the proceedings which shall be made
at such stage of the proceedings as the court may see fit, having regard to —

(a) the decision of such questions of fact as may be necessary to assist the
relevant court in deciding the question which has arisen; and

(b) the speedy and economical final determination of the proceedings.

(9) The trial court making an order to stay the proceedings under subsection
(8) may impose any terms to await the opinion and order, if any, of the
relevant court on any case stated under subsection (3)(_a_).

(10) The trial court stating a case to the relevant court under this section
may make such orders as it sees fit for the arrest, custody or release on bail
of any accused.

(11) When the Registrar of the Supreme Court receives a case stated, he must
send a copy to every party to the proceedings and to the Public Prosecutor (if
he is not a party), and fix a date for the hearing of the case stated.

(12) The Public Prosecutor shall have a right of hearing at the hearing of the
case stated.

(13) Where the High Court is hearing the case stated, it shall ordinarily be
heard by a single Judge, but if the Chief Justice so directs, the case stated
must be heard before a court comprising 3 or any greater uneven number of
Judges.

(14) Where the Court of Appeal is hearing the case stated, it shall ordinarily
be heard by 3 Judges of Appeal, but if the Chief Justice so directs, the case
stated must be heard before a court comprising 5 or any greater uneven number
of Judges of Appeal.

(15) In this section, “relevant court” means —

(a) the High Court where the trial court which stated the case is a
Subordinate Court; and

(b) the Court of Appeal where the trial court which stated the case is the
High Court.

[emphasis added]

28 Section 395 of the CPC 2010 represents a consolidated provision which
governs the process in which _any_ question of law is referred from the trial
court to a higher court. The Explanatory Statement to the _Criminal Procedure
Code Bill (Bill No 11/2010)_ (27 April 2010) at p 432 provides a concise
description of s 395:

[Section] 395 relates to the power of a trial court to state a case on _any_
question of law to a superior court.

[emphasis added]

29 In this regard, a reference of a question of law which relates to the
interpretation or effect of any constitutional provision, which was previously
governed by the standalone provision under s 56A, is now _subsumed_ under s
395 (in particular, s 395(2)(a)) of the CPC 2010. Indeed, with the enactment
of s 395 of the CPC 2010, s 56A is no longer required and has _consequently_
been repealed (see Sixth Schedule, _Consequential and Related Amendments to
Other Written Laws_ , _Criminal Procedure Code Bill (Bill No 11/2010)_ (27
April 2010) at p 390, paragraph 105(c)). I further observe that s 395 of the
CPC 2010 (in particular, s 395(2)(b)) encapsulates aspects of the repealed s
263 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), a provision which
had previously governed the procedure of reserving points of law from a
Subordinate Court acting in summary jurisdiction in any criminal cause or
matter to the High Court.

30 In my view, both s 56A and s 395(2)(a) (read with s 395(4)) of the CPC 2010
propound a two stage test. First, the Subordinate Court has to determine from
the facts and submissions presented by the accused (or in certain cases, by
the Prosecution), whether a _relevant_ question concerning the
_interpretation_ or _effect of any provision of the Constitution_ has arisen
for determination by the High Court (“the first stage”). This requirement is
evident from the language of s 56A(1) and s 395(2)(a) of the CPC 2010, and was
alluded to in the decision of _Chan Hiang Leng_ , where the Court decided that
the lower court was correct _not_ to make any reference to the High Court
since no constitutional issue had arisen in that case:

32 Section 56A can be read as being _confined to constitutional issues alone_.
The issues raised here include challenges to the validity of orders on the
basis that they are _ultra vires_. _Ultra vires_ issues are not necessarily
issues arising out of or with respect to an interpretation of the Constitution
and therefore cannot be referred to the High Court under s 56A.

[emphasis added]

31 The first stage requires the Subordinate Court to characterise the factual
matrix and arguments presented by the party asserting the constitutional
challenge so as to determine whether a question has arisen on the
interpretation or effect of a constitutional provision. The burden is on the
party asserting the constitutional challenge to satisfy the Court that such a
relevant question has arisen for determination. The mere assertion or allusion
to a contravention of a provision of the Constitution is insufficient.

32 The second requirement of s 56A and s 395(2)(a) (read with s 395(4)) of the
CPC 2010 (“the second stage”) arises for consideration once the Subordinate
Court decides that the proceedings does give rise to a question relating to
the interpretation or effect of a provision in the Constitution which is
relevant to the determination of the criminal proceedings. The Subordinate
Court would thereafter have to decide whether it is a proper case to be
referred to the High Court. As is evident from the phrase “the court hearing
the proceedings _may_ stay the proceedings” under s 56A(1), this is a matter
of judicial discretion as was observed in _Johari bin Kanadi and another v
Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 422 (at [9]):

9 A subordinate court has the discretion whether or not to stay proceedings
when an application is made before it under s 56A of the [Subordinate Courts
Act]. This discretion, properly exercised after judicious consideration of the
_merits_ of the application, will _prevent unnecessary delay and possible
abuse_ every time a party in the proceedings purports to raise an issue of
constitutional interpretation or effect. To merit a reference under s 56A, the
applicant must show that there are new and difficult legal issues involving
the Constitution which have not been previously dealt with by the superior
courts. It is not sufficient merely to set out a new factual situation because
new factual permutations will always arise. _Where questions of law have
already been decided or principles relating to an article in the Constitution
have been set out by the superior courts, a subordinate court need not stay
proceedings_ under s 56A but should proceed to apply the relevant case law or
extrapolate from the principles enunciated to reach a proper conclusion on the
facts before it.

[emphasis added]

33 The pertinent question governing the second stage is, _how_ should the
Subordinate Court exercise this discretion? It should, at the outset, be
stressed that the judicial discretion is necessarily a _limited_ one. The
Subordinate Court has to exercise this discretion with caution and judicious
sensitivity to its own lack of jurisdiction to deal with the substantive
issues of the constitutional challenge. Unlike the powers conferred on the
High Court by way of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed
), the Subordinate Courts are _not_ conferred the powers to grant _certiorari_
or _mandamus_ orders. Without such powers, the Subordinate Court has no
jurisdiction to determine the substantive issues of any constitutional
challenge. The Subordinate Court can however, properly exercise its discretion
_not_ to refer constitutional challenges which are frivolous, or which are
made for collateral purposes or to delay proceedings, or if they otherwise
constitute an abuse of process. In this regard, the Subordinate Court may
consider the merits of the case _in so far as_ to determine whether the
constitutional issue raised is a genuine or serious one and not a frivolous
one merely to delay proceedings. If the constitutional question raised has
already been resolved by a superior court, such that the position in that area
is settled and uncontroversial, no reference to the High Court should be
permitted. Indeed, as compared to s 56A, these considerations are now
_expressly_ provided by statute: s 395(4) of the CPC 2010 expressly confers on
the trial court the discretion to _refuse_ an application (unless it is an
application made by the Prosecution) to refer the purported constitutional
question to the High Court, if the trial court considers the application to be
frivolous or without any merit. Nevertheless, I emphasise the importance that
the Subordinate Court should apply its mind to the facts of each case to
determine if it indeed involves a constitutional question which has decidedly
been resolved by a superior court, or whether a different, unresolved,
constitutional question has arisen from the unique facts of the particular
case at hand. If a serious or novel constitutional question does arise, the
Subordinate Court should ordinarily stay the proceedings and refer the
question to the High Court. In these circumstances however, the Subordinate
Court should also be mindful that s 56A and s 395 of the CPC 2010 is not
misused as a backdoor approach to evade the leave requirement for applications
for judicial review under Order 53 of the Rules of Court.

34 Turning the analysis to the present case, I am of the view that the trial
Judges made the correct decisions not to stay the respective criminal
proceedings in the courts below in order to refer the purported constitutional
challenges to the High Court. I make no specific observation on the reasoning
relied upon by the trial Judges to come to their respective decisions. I will
however explain why there was indeed no necessity to stay the criminal
proceedings to refer the purported constitutional questions to the High Court
for determination.

35 First, as explained above at [11]–[25], the appellants’ assertion of the
alleged discriminatory policy of the police, the Executive and the PELU in
imposing a blanket ban on the issuance of permits, even if taken as true, does
not give rise to any question concerning the interpretation or effect of any
provision of the Constitution that would have any bearing on the Prosecution’s
case or the appellants’ defence. The alleged discriminatory policy to deny
political parties the licence to make an address, even assuming _arguendo_
that it exists, is wholly irrelevant to the present appeals as the appellants
admitted that they had no intention to apply for a licence in the first place.
The requirement of a licence had never operated on the appellants’ mind before
and during the commission of the offences since they claimed that they had no
intention to make a speech or to make an address. The appellants allegedly
only had the intention to make a sales pitch of the newsletters. In effect,
the first stage of s 56A is not satisfied as the appellants’ allegations do
not give rise to any relevant question concerning the interpretation or effect
of any provision of the Constitution, and as such, does not warrant any
reference to the High Court.

36 With regard to the constitutional challenge based on Art 14, the second
stage of s 56A is not satisfied. It has already been shown above at [6] that
the law in this area is well settled by the High Court.

37 The appellants further argued in the alternative that they had modelled
their conduct and activities to be the same as hawkers and stall-owners, and
that by singling the appellants out, they were the target of discriminatory
prosecution in contravention of Art 12 of the Constitution. This contention is
_in effect_ a substantive defence framed in the guise of a constitutional
challenge. If the appellants’ conduct was indeed the same or similar to that
of hawkers or stall-owners, the appellants would merely be selling goods, and
that would operate as a defence to the offence of making an address without a
licence. The proper analysis for this question therefore hinges on whether
what was said by the appellant was a sales pitch. If the appellants’ conduct
was found to be making only a sales pitch and nothing more, that would
translate into a defence on the merits. However, as will be shown in the
succeeding paragraphs below, the appellants’ conduct was manifestly different
from those of hawkers and stall-owners; and was shown to have gone patently
beyond that of merely making a sales pitch.

Whether the appellants did make an “address”

38 To constitute an offence under s 19(1)(a) of the PEMA, the burden is on the
Prosecution to satisfy the following elements:

(a)

the appellants were present at the scene of the offence;

(b)

the place where the offence took place was one to which the public had access;

(c)

each of the appellants had made an address at the material time; and

(d)

each of the appellants did not have the requisite licence issued under the
PEMA to make the address.

39 There is no dispute that the appellants were at the locations at the
material time, and that each of the locations was a place to which the public
had access. It was also undisputed that the appellants did not have the
requisite licence at the material time.

40 In addition, there was no dispute that the appellants did speak to a crowd
of people at each of those public places. The dispute before the trial Judges
in the proceedings below was whether those instances constituted “addresses”
within the meaning of the PEMA. After each of the lengthy trials, the trial
Judges reached their respective conclusions, having the benefit of the oral
testimony of the various witnesses as well as the transcripts of the video
recordings, that the appellants did make addresses on each of the four
occasions.

41 It is trite that an appellate court will only disturb findings of fact made
by the trial judge when they are clearly against the weight of the evidence or
plainly wrong: See _Lim Ah Poh v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 192.
Having examined the evidence, I can see no reason to disturb their findings.
From my review, as explained below, the evidence supports the findings.

42 As a starting point, there is no dispute on the content of what was said as
recorded in the transcripts. Before me, the appellants dealt with this issue
only at the threshold level, that is, they simply disagree with the trial
Judges’ _interpretation_ of what was said. No specific submission was made by
the appellants in relation to each of the four incidents as to why, given the
contents of what was said, they nonetheless did not constitute “addresses”
within the PEMA. The appellants maintained that they were merely making a
_sales pitch_ to promote the sale of The New Democrat. As such, the only issue
here is whether _what was actually said_ amounted to an “ _address_ ” under
the PEMA. Specifically, Mr Yap claimed in the appeal before me that his
subjective _purpose_ at the material time was to sell the New Democrat, as
opposed to making an address (see N/E Day 2 at p 15):

Your Honour…the difference, I think, I like the first angle to be drawn to …
what’s the purpose. If it was an address, I think the person making the
address would have just the _objective_ of delivering its content…but for---
for sales, _the purpose was to promote the sales and get the revenue. So the
purpose, the main content being delivered is to tell people this is $2_ … If
the contents were all relating towards the promotion purpose and the sales
purpose and …gaining the attention and get[ting] the revenue, it will not be
the same as [an] address…

[emphasis added]

43 Mr Yap’s self-declared subjective intent must be considered in the context
of his actual objective conduct at the material time. In this regard, the
_actual words_ said by the appellants are material in determining whether an
“address” was made. The law in this area is clear. The intention or purpose of
the accused is irrelevant. In _JBJ v PP_ , the Court explained the meaning of
the word “address” in s 2(m) as follows:

…by reason of the statutory definition, _whether an activity is ‘public
entertainment’ is not determined by its purpose_ or its nature and/or effect
but simply by its form.

…The ordinary meaning of the word “address” is a speech made to a group of
people, usually on a formal occasion.

[emphasis added]

44 This position was endorsed in _Chee Soon Juan v PP_ , where the Court
observed that:

13…for an activity to come within the scope of PEMA, the activity must be
directed at the public; in the sense of procuring their involvement whether
actively or passively. This should be read implicitly into the activities
listed in s 2 of the Schedule, and is an objective test to be satisfied on the
facts of the case...

45 The appellants also submitted that they did not make any address since
their “ _speeches_ ” were short and they were made at informal settings.
However as rightly pointed out by the Prosecution, the length of the “
_speech_ ” is not _per se_ determinative of the issue. The contents of the “
_speeches_ ”, the manner in which they were made and the audience to which
they were addressed are all relevant factors for consideration.

46 I turn my attention now to the actual words said by the appellants on each
of the four occasions to examine whether they constitute as _addresses_ within
the meaning of the PEMA.

Incident on 16 November 2005

47 What Mr Yap said on 16 November 2005 clearly went beyond that of making a
sales pitch. He addressed the public on social issues, and attempted to
advance his party’s political agenda by persuading members of the public to
“refuse to be deceived” and to protect their own interests:[note: 4]

…our Lee Kuan Yew and his relatives are controlling and monopolizing
totally…Drawing the highest salaries in the world…It is difficult for us to
lead our lives. The system is not fair and reasonable. Nobody is allowed to
speak out.

…PAP has monopolized the mass media and tried to control the minds of the
people. _Refuse to be manipulated, refuse to be deceived, suppressed,
exploited, threatened and betrayed. Protect our own interests_.The people must
make full use of their civil rights, protect their civil rights, know their
civil rights, not neglect their civil rights, not become slaves. Only then
your own future and the future of your family will be safeguarded …

…Why are homeless people sleeping on the roadside, putting up at the HDB void
deck and in the parks? Why are they so miserable? Why do the old folks have to
make a living by selling tissue papers?...[note: 5]

[emphasis added]

48 Dr Chee’s speech on 16 November 2005 was in effect a political rally, much
less a sales pitch:[note: 6]

We are the Singapore Democratic Party…the general election is around the
corner…[w]e know and understand your hardships. We know our lives are getting
harder and harder, because…the cost of living is high. However, _we are unable
to help you if you do not lend your support_. _The General Election is coming
soon, you have an opportunity to relate to the Government, telling them that
we disagree…you are bullying the people – working people_.

[emphasis added]

Incident on 8 April 2006

49 As for the offences committed on 8 April 2006, District Judge Kaur’s
finding (see [74]–[76] of her Judgment, _Public Prosecutor v Chee Soon Juan &
anor_ [2008] SGDC 131) that Dr Chee had made an address to the public is
likewise supported by the transcripts.[note: 7] Dr Chee addressed members of
the public on a wide range of social issues: the income gap between the rich
and the poor, the salaries of Ministers, the homeless in Singapore, the NKF
saga and the need for an opposition. As for Mr Yap, he attempted to draw the
public’s attention to an alleged wrongdoing on the part of the government in
allegedly using taxpayers’ money to invest and co-operate with drug
traffickers, despite having strict laws in Singapore against drug
trafficking.[note: 8] This clearly went beyond promoting the sale of the New
Democrat. Mr Yap also attempted to advance his political agenda by stating
that the PAP was “putting on a pretence of being morally superior”.[note: 9]

Incident on 12 April 2006

50 On 12 April 2006, Mr Yap again tried to advance his party’s political
agenda and attempted to garner support from members of the public:[note: 10]

… _Don’t be afraid_. The more you are afraid, the more government will bully
you.

…Help us make the government accountable! Help us make the system transparent!
The only way we can do so is get into the parliament. The only way we can get
into parliament is when we are strong enough to fight the election. The only
way we can be strong enough during election is that you support us...[note:
11]

[emphasis added]

51 On 12 April 2006, Dr Chee addressed members of the public in telling them
_how_ to cast their votes:[note: 12]

The General Election is coming. Buying and selling of votes is a shameless
crime and illegal…Is it only the PAP can buy votes? What type of funds does
the PAP make use of to buy your votes? They did not give you money. _The money
is yours. Everyone, think properly. Don’t sell your votes to Lee Hsien Loong_
… _Don’t sell away your votes. Don’t sell away your country_ … _You can take
the money and go ahead and spend it. Don’t feel grateful to them_. You don’t
have to repay them. The money is yours. The money belongs to the country. The
money does not belong to the PAP.

[emphasis added]

Incident on 15 April 2006

52 As for the offences committed on 15 April 2006, District Judge Jill Tan
made the following observations on the speeches made by Mr Yap (see _PP v Chee
Soon Juan & anor_):

36 ...In the first phase, when referring to an article on casinos in
Singapore, he added information concerning the history of gambling activities
in Singapore and a claim that the casino policy was due to certain investment
losses. In the third phase, he spoke of exposing a scandal that the government
was trying to cover up. In the fifth phase, he read out the doggerel referring
derisively to persons in “white shirt and white trousers”. He then concluded
by saying (in Mandarin):

“Well, _the message will be sent to all of you to share_. _Those in white
shirt and white trousers in Singapore are drawing the highest salary in the
world_. They dare not dress white shirt and white trousers now, as they know
that people are disgusted with the sight of white shirt and white trousers.
Their candidates dare not dress white shirt and white trousers during walk
around. _They suck our blood to pay their salaries_. Read our New Democrat for
elaborations. Come buy a copy. Don’t leave it aside after reading it. It is
hope[d] that you would pass it on to your friends and relatives, to let more
people learn about the facts and political scandals that PAP has been doing
it[s] utmost … to cover up.”

[emphasis added]

53 In his own words, Mr Yap was trying to send a _message_ to the public, in
particular relation to the alleged high salaries drawn by people in
government. Dr Chee was observed by District Judge Jill Tan to have repeatedly
given advice to members of the public to take certain actions, where Dr Chee
also gave forewarnings of the consequences of not heeding his advice:

37 As for Chee, he spoke only on one occasion, in Mandarin, from 10:17:13 to
10:21:01. His words as reflected in the transcript were as follows:

“Come read more and understand more by buying a copy of The New Democrat to
support democracy. Chances are not many. _The voting opportunity is only once
in 4 to 5 years for you [to] express your views to the government_. But, if
you are afraid, it is a secret. If you dare not tell PAP that we need an
opposition in our parliament, I guarantee that your life will not be that easy
after the general election.

_You have to be a bit smart as the citizens_. Look at the people in other
countries like Taiwan, Hong Kong, Japan and Korea, [their] government dare not
deal with them in such a manner. _Lee Kuan Yew has said, “There is no
retirement hope for you old folks. You have to continue working for a longer
time. Don’t hope for a higher salary. You have to go for a pay cut_.

…

It is a different world in Singapore where our old folks are required to work
for the government. _When you have a chance, tell the PAP government that you
have had enough and you don’t want it to bully the people anymore_. Come and
buy a copy of The New Democrat to help us speak on your behalf. This is an
opportunity. The funds raised by us will be used in the general election. Buy
a copy of The New Democrat with lots of information inside. Or else, the
government will cover up. The front page tells the laughing story of Mr Lee
Hsien Loong while he was in Germany … Such photograph will not appear on PAP
newspaper, as it will not be published. The photograph appears on The New
Democrat because we are brave to publish such matter for the viewing of our
people. Come buy a copy of The New Democrat to give us your support. Thank
you.”

[emphasis added]

54 The above analysis merely illustrates some obvious _examples_ on each of
the four occasions where the appellants went beyond making a sales pitch. The
totality of the evidence presents a compelling case that the appellants were
indeed making addresses to members of the public on each of the four
occasions, primarily to raise several issues of social concern, as well as to
advance their party’s political agenda in highlighting several alleged
shortcomings of the government and by advising members of the public on how to
cast their votes. Many a time, the speeches resemble that of a political
rally. In the face of such overwhelming objective evidence, it is no defence
for the appellants to merely highlight from the transcripts that they did ask
members of the public at certain instances to purchase the New Democrat. In
the circumstances, I have no doubt that the offence of making an address
without a licence was made out under the PEMA in respect of each of the four
incidents.

55 Before concluding, I should add that Mr Yap did raise a completely new
point during his oral submission before me. He purported to rely on s 79 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), which states as follows:

**Act done by a person justified, or by mistake of fact believing himself
justified by law**

**79**. Nothing is an offence _which is done_ by any person who is justified
by law, or who by reason of a mistake of fact and not by reason of a mistake
of law in good faith believes himself to be justified by law, _in doing it_.

[emphasis added]

56 Mr Yap acknowledged that this submission was not raised in the courts below
or in any of his petitions of appeal. In any event, Mr Yap’s submission is
sorely misconceived. He is precluded from relying on s 79 because he does not
even admit to have committed the relevant act – he does not admit to making an
address under the PEMA. As explained above, his defence is that he did not
make nor did he intend to make any address in breach of the PEMA. There was
therefore no question of “mistake” which is a prerequisite to invoke the
defence under s79 of the Penal Code. I should add that it has been decided in
_Tan Khee Wan Iris_ that a defendant who seeks to rely upon s 79 of the Penal
Code as a defence to the offence of providing public entertainment without a
licence under the PEMA has the burden to show on a balance of probabilities
that he had acted under a mistake, and by reason of that, _he believed in good
faith that he had a valid licence at the material time_. Mr Yap has clearly
failed to discharge this burden.

The sentences

57 In the appeals before me, the appellants did not make any submission on the
sentences imposed. The appellants did not explain how and why the sentences
were manifestly excessive. Indeed, they did not even make the assertion that
the sentences were manifestly excessive. No mitigating factors were adduced,
and no sentencing precedents or benchmarks were submitted to the court. I am
of the view that the sentences imposed were appropriate and fair. A higher
fine and a higher corresponding default sentence were rightly imposed on Dr
Chee in view of his similar antecedents under the PEMA.

Conclusion

58 For the reasons set out above, the appeals against both convictions and
sentences are accordingly dismissed.

* * *

[note: 1]Section 2(m) of the Schedule to the PEMA has been deleted by Act
15/2009, wed 09/10/2009. See s 2 of Public Order Act 2009 (No. 15 of 2009).

[note: 2]See N/E p 92.

[note: 3]See MA 273 and 279 of 2009, Record of Proceedings, vol 2 at p 1040.

[note: 4]MA 237 and 239 of 2009, Exhibit PC at 13.21.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ at 13.54.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ at 14.01.

[note: 7]MA 133 and 134 of 2008, Exhibit D.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ at 16.10.

[note: 9]_Ibid_.

[note: 10]MA 237 and 239 of 2009, Exhibit PD at 11.51.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at 12.40.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ at 11.59.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jan 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

