Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohamed Hisham bin Sapandi _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2011] SGHC 190

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 42 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 August 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ramesh Tiwary (Ramesh Tiwary) for the applicant; G Kannan
and Sanjna Rai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mohamed Hisham bin Sapandi — Public Prosecutor  
  
18 August 2011|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Applicant is awaiting trial in respect of eight charges under the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185) (“MDA”) and three charges under the Moneylenders Act
(Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed.). He was denied bail in the Subordinate Court on the
ground that he was charged for an offence punishable with a maximum sentence
of 20 years imprisonment, and that the Subordinate Court has no jurisdiction
to grant him bail by virtue of s 95(1)(a) Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act No
15 of 2010) (“CPC 2010”).

2 At the hearing of the criminal motion on 3 June 2011, I granted bail
provisionally, pending further submissions by the parties on whether the
Subordinate Court possessed the requisite jurisdiction to grant bail in this
case. The main issue before me was the interpretation of s 95(1)(a). Section
95(1)(a) reads:

An accused shall not be released on bail or on personal bond if he is charged
for an offence punishable with death, imprisonment for life or imprisonment
for a term of 20 years or more.

Mr Tiwary, counsel for the Applicant, argued that offences punishable with
“imprisonment for a term of 20 years or more” should only mean offences where
the minimum sentence is 20 years imprisonment or more. Mr Kannan and Miss
Sanjna Rai, the Deputy Public Prosecutors (“DPP”) submitted that s 95(1)(a)
encompasses offences with maximum sentences of 20 years or more. The DPP also
submitted that s 97(1) of the CPC 2010 allows the High Court an over-riding
discretion to grant bail to the Applicant, as the High Court is not
constrained by the limitations in s 95(1)(a).

3 There are accordingly, two questions before me:

(a)

Whether the phrase “ _imprisonment for a term of 20 years or more_ ” in s
95(1)(a) of CPC 2010 refers to offences with a maximum sentence of 20 years or
more, or offences with a minimum sentence of 20 years or more.

(b)

Whether the High Court has, under s 97(1) of CPC 2010, the over-riding
discretion to grant bail to the Applicant, as it is not constrained by the
limitations in s 95(1)(a).

4 On the first question, I am of the view that the phrase “ _offences
punishable with imprisonment for a term of 20 years or more_ ” should be given
its plain and literal meaning and thus refer only to offences with a minimum
sentence of 20 years or more. That is to say that the starting point, not the
ending point, is 20 years. The contrary interpretation – that it encompasses
offences with a maximum sentence of 20 years imprisonment – offends a plain
reading of the phrase as these offences are not punishable with imprisonment
for a term of 20 years or more. Offenders in such cases are just liable to
imprisonment for up to 20 years. I should reiterate the point here that bail
has the role of preserving the “golden thread” in criminal law that a person
is innocent until proven guilty, yet ensuring that the accused does not
abscond before trial (_Abul Khabir Uddin Tohron Nisa v Public Prosecutor_
[2006] SGHC 57 at [5]). It is not intended to be punitive and must not be so.

5 As a general rule, the **CPC 2010** allows **bail** to be offered as of
right to the accused**. However, the discretion of the Subordinate Court to
grant bail is removed altogether for the offences falling under s 95(1)(a).
Only the High Court has the discretion to grant bail in respect of offences
under this provision. So what does the phrase “** _imprisonment for a term of
20 years or more”_ mean? The DPP argued that to interpret “ _imprisonment for
a term of 20 years or more_ ” as referring only to offences where the minimum
sentence is 20 years or more renders the phrase nugatory. They submitted that
since a survey of our penal legislation reveals that currently all the
offences attracting minimum sentences of 20 years imprisonment or more are
also punishable with a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, the phrase would
be devoid of meaning unless it was taken to refer to offences with maximum
sentences of 20 years or more.

6 Although the parliamentary debates (when this provision was amended) were
not helpful on the interpretation of s 95(1)(a) of the CPC 2010, s 52(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the old CPC”), the
predecessor section, is of some assistance. That section provides:

When any person accused of any non-bailable offence is arrested or detained
without a warrant by a police officer or appears or is brought before a court,
he may be released on bail by any police officer not below the rank of
sergeant or by that court, but _he shall not be so released if there appears
reasonable grounds for believing that he has been guilty of an offence
punishable with death or imprisonment for life_.

While the section was limited to instances where there were reasonable grounds
for believing that an accused has been guilty of an offence punishable with
death or imprisonment for life [see _S Selvamsylvester v PP_ [2005] 4 SLR(R)
409 (“ _Selvamsylvester_ ”)], the current version would require the question
of bail to be decided as soon as an accused is charged. The DPP’s
interpretation will lead to further expansion of s 95(1)(a) beyond the
intention of Parliament. The offences attracting a maximum sentence of 20
years imprisonment or more cover a wide sentencing range. For instance,
despite having a maximum sentence of 20 years imprisonment, the offence of
cultivating cannabis, opium or the coca plant under s 10 of the MDA has a
minimum sentence of a fine. It will also mean that a person who is charged
with cultivating a small amount of cannabis, and who may ultimately be
sentenced to a fine, may not apply for bail before a Subordinate Court.
Further, I am of the view that given that the other offences falling within s
95(1)(a) are those punishable with death or imprisonment for life, it is more
reasonable to read that as referring only to offences where the minimum
sentence is 20 years or more.

7 I now turn to the second question. A person accused of a non-bailable
offence may be released on bail in accordance with s 93(1) of the CPC 2010:

Subject to section 95(1), if any person accused of any non-bailable offence is
arrested or detained without warrant by a police officer, or appears or is
brought before a court, he may be released on bail by a police officer of or
above the rank of sergeant or by the court.

Section 93(1) is expressly stated to be subject to s 95(1). In contrast, s
97(1) of the CPC 2010, which sets out the High Court’s powers to grant or vary
bail, is not subject to s 95(1). Section 97(1) provides that:

Whether there is an appeal against conviction or not, the High Court may grant
bail to any accused before it, release him on personal bond or vary the amount
or conditions of the bail or personal bond required by a police officer or a
Subordinate Court, and impose such other conditions for the bail or personal
bond as it thinks fit.

Thus,the second question before this court was whether s 97(1) is subject to s
95(1)(a) such that the High Court has no power to grant bail to an accused
that comes within s 95(1)(a), or whether s 97(1) is outside s 95(1)(a) such
that the High Court’s power to grant bail is not restrained by s 95(1)(a). In
_Selvamsylvester_ , the High Court considered the relationship between ss
352(1) and 354(1) of the old CPC, which are the predecessor provisions to ss
93(1) and 95 of the CPC 2010, and s 97(1) of the CPC 2010 respectively.
Section 354(1) of the old CPC states that:

The High Court may, in any case whether there is an appeal on conviction or
not, direct that any person shall be admitted to bail or that the bail
required by a police officer or Magistrate’s Court or District Court shall be
reduced or increased.

In _Selvamsylvester_ , Kan J expressed the view that a harmonious reading of
ss 352(1) and 354(1) dictated that the latter should be read subject to the
former, that is, s 352(1) circumscribed both the High Court’s and the
Subordinate Court’s power to grant bail (at [8] and [9]). However, Kan J
nonetheless held that the relationship between ss 352(1) and 354 was not
conclusively settled and therefore dealt with the case on the assumption that
the prohibition in s 352(1) against releasing certain accused persons on bail
did not extend to the High Court (at [20]).

8 In contrast, the position taken by the Malaysian Courts is clear: the
prohibition against granting bail in the Malaysian equivalent of s 352(1)
applies only to the Subordinate Court and not also to the High Court (See _Re
K S Menon_ [1946] 1 MLJ 49; _PP v Shanmugam_ [1971] 1 MLJ 283; _PP v Dato
Balwant Singh_ [2002] 4 MLJ 427). The same position has been taken in India
(See _Nga San Htwa_ (1927) I.L.R. 5 Ran 276; _King Emperor v Joglekar_ AIR
1931 All 504; _Gurcharan Singh and others v State_ [1978] SCC 41). Further, in
Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure_ (Butterworths, 2010), Chapter X, Professor
Tan Yock Lin argues that s 351 of the old CPC (the predecessor to s 92 of the
CPC 2010) and s 352 of the old CPC (the predecessor to ss 93 and 95 of the CPC
2010), dealing with bail in the case of bailable and non-bailable offences
respectively, should apply only to the Subordinate Court and not to the High
Court. He wrote that the consequences of construing these provisions to apply
to the High Court would be awkward, if not absurd, for two reasons. First, (at
para 602):

section 352 imposes a general prohibition on granting bail where the offence
carries either the death penalty or life imprisonment. It would not be right
to impose any such prohibition on the High Court’s power to grant bail.

Second, (at para 603):

[t]he structure ... in which these bail provisions are found is further
argument that the High Court’s power to grant bail is outside these sections.
Thus, section 352(4) and section 354(2) cover essentially the same ground. The
former states that: ‘Any court may at any stage of any proceeding under this
Code cause any person who has been released under [section 352] to be arrested
and may commit him to custody.’ The latter states that: ‘The High Court may at
any stage of any proceeding under this Code cause any person who has been
released under [section 354] to be arrested and may commit him to custody.’ If
section 352(4) included the High Court, section 354(2) would be somewhat
superfluous.

The language of ss 352(4) and 354(2) of the old CPC has largely been preserved
in ss 93(5) and 97(2) of the CPC 2010 respectively. In support of Professor
Tan’s position, Professor Chandra Mohan has argued that the mention of the
High Court in only s 354 and not ss 351 and 352 must be deliberate and hence
subject to the _expressio unius est exclusio alterius_ rule of interpretation
(Chandra Mohan, “The High Court’s Latest Bail Decision: Overdue for 50 Years?”
Law Gazette, May 2006(5)). I am in full agreement with these views.

9 Apart from the above arguments against applying s 352 of the old CPC to the
High Court, there are further reasons for not construing ss 93 and 95 of the
CPC 2010 as applying to the High Court. Under the old CPC, if s 352(1) applies
to the High Court, then the Subordinate Court and the High Court would not be
able to grant bail only in the limited instances where there appear reasonable
grounds for believing that an accused is guilty of an offence punishable with
death or life imprisonment. The courts would continue to retain some measure
of discretion in the determination of whether the “reasonable grounds”
threshold is crossed. In contrast, the newly worded s 95(1)(a) of the CPC 2010
is such that if that provision also applies to the High Court, then bail would
be totally prohibited once the Prosecution decides to charge an accused with
an offence falling within s 95(1)(a), and the discretion of any court totally
ousted. That cannot be the intention of Parliament because such a drastic
change in the law will require clear and express Parliamentary language. Since
s 93 provides that the court has power to grant bail save in the instances
covered by s 95(1), there would have been no need for s 97(1) if the High
Court’s powers are also subject to s 95(1). Section 97(1), which states that
“the High Court may grant bail to any accused before it”, must mean what it
says. It means that the High Court can grant bail even to accused persons
charged with offences falling within s 95(1)(a).

10 For the above reasons, I am of the view that ss 93 and 95 of the CPC 2010
apply only to the Subordinate Court but not to the High Court. In the instant
case, the learned DPP indicated that he had no objection if the terms of the
provisional bail are extended. I thus ordered accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Aug 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

