Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Dolphina”  
[2011] SGHC 273

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No 113 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 December 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Vivian Ang, Kenny Yap and Bryna Yeo (Allen & Gledhill
LLP) for the plaintiff; Prem Gurbani and Bernard Yee (Gurbani & Co) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  The "Dolphina"  
  
30 December 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This has been, in many ways, a most unsatisfactory case, as evidenced by the
length of time it has taken since the first day of trial for this judgment to
be released.

2 The cause of this has been the evolution of the nature of the case as it
radically transformed from a fairly straightforward claim for breach of
contract due to misdelivery of cargo without production of the original bills
of lading into a claim for civil conspiracy, with a detour through issues of
subrogation. In order to accommodate fresh evidence coming to light,
fundamental assumptions being challenged and jettisoned, the opening of
different trains of enquiry, and new causes of action and/or submissions being
formulated in response, these proceedings have occupied four tranches:

(a) From 22 February to 16 March 2010 (the “first tranche”), the action was
originally mounted, fought and tried on the basis of breach of contract due to
misdelivery of cargo, and I reserved judgment at the conclusion of the trial.
In the course of my deliberations I began to entertain serious misgivings
about certain fundamental matters that had apparently been taken for granted
by both parties, but this was not taken up by them when I sought clarification
of my doubts in January 2011.

(b) By 6 June 2011 (the “second tranche”), however, I was certain that the
characterisation of the action as a claim for delivery of cargo without
production of bill of lading was questionable in that some significant issues
(including the equitable remedy of subrogation) had been overlooked, and I
invited parties to address me on them. On 18 July 2011, however, one of the
parties sought to introduce important new documentary evidence which would
alter the complexion of the case quite dramatically.

(c) From August to September 2011 (the “third tranche”), after numerous
adjournments, the new documentary evidence was finally admitted and the
pleadings allowed to be amended to include a new claim in conspiracy.

(d) The proceedings finally concluded in November 2011 (the “fourth tranche”)
with the hearing of the conspiracy claim.

3 As will become apparent, these unfortunate and unsatisfactory vicissitudes
are attributable to the nature of the allegations, which involve fraud and
commercial roguery implicating a number of actors; to the state of the
evidence, which, though substantial, was not always presented in a coherent
fashion and has had to be painstakingly pieced together (and even now there
are still some missing links); and to the issues of law involved, several
aspects of which are quite complex.

Dramatis Personae

4 Before explaining what this case is all about and exploring the facts in
greater detail, it is important to first record the key characters in this
saga.

The plaintiff

5 The plaintiff is Bank of Communications Co Ltd, Hangzhou Branch, now known
as Bank of Communications Co Ltd, Zhejiang Provincial Branch (“BOC”), a
mainland Chinese bank that provides financial services to import and export
companies,[note: 1] and represented in these proceedings by Ms Vivian Ang (“Ms
Ang”).

The defendant

6 The defendant is Universal Shipping Group Inc (“Universal”), a company
incorporated in Panama and the registered owner of the vessel _Dolphina_ ,
represented in these proceedings by Mr Prem Gurbani (“Mr Gurbani”).

7 Universal has three directors: Kwan Ngen Wah (“Alvin Kwan”), his brother
Kwan Ngen Chung (“Steve Kwan”), and Chong Kan Hiung (“K H Chong”).[note: 2]
The two shareholders of Universal, and the beneficial owners of the _Dolphina_
, are Alvin Kwan and Steve Kwan.[note: 3] As the following paragraphs will
demonstrate, these two individuals own shareholdings, and occupy
directorships, in a number of other entities which feature prominently in
these proceedings.

Kwantas Oil Sdn Bhd

8 One such company is Kwantas Oil Sdn Bhd (“KOSB”), an operator of palm oil
mills and a palm oil refinery plant, as well as a wholesaler and distributor
of palm oil products.[note: 4]

9 That Universal and KOSB are closely connected is, in my view, amply borne
out by the following:

(a) The ultimate parent company of KOSB was and is Kwantas Corporation Berhad
(“KCB”),[note: 5] a Malaysian listed company which has also been publicly
recorded in Lloyd’s Sea-Web as being the “Group Owner” of Universal,[note: 6]
and, even as late as 22 February 2010[note: 7] and 2 November 2011,[note: 8]
Universal continues to be publicly recorded in Lloyd’s Sea-Web as a
“subsidiary” of KCB.

(b) Alvin Kwan, Steve Kwan and K H Chong are all directors of KOSB, as well as
director-shareholders of KCB (indeed Alvin Kwan and Steve Kwan are substantial
shareholders of KCB, and Steve Kwan is the Managing Director thereof).[note:
9]

(c) Universal provided the sea freight requirements of KCB and its
subsidiaries (which I will refer to as the “KCB Group”), and those
transactions were disclosed in KCB’s 2008 Annual Report as freight charges
paid to a related party (namely, Universal), “a company in which certain
directors of [KCB] have interest [_sic_]”.[note: 10]

(d) Universal occupies a physical address at 1st Floor, Fordeco Building,
Jalan Singamata, 91100 Lahad Datu, Sabah, which is identical to that of KOSB
and KCB,[note: 11] while the domain name of Universal’s e-mail and website
address – kwantas.com.my – refers to that of KOSB. Lloyd’s Sea-Web also
publicly recorded Universal as having a second address at Suite 1-6-W9, 6th
Floor, CPS Tower, Jalan Centre Point, 88000 Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, which is the
same address that appears on Universal’s letterhead.[note: 12] That latter
address was also clearly used by KOSB as its business address, for instance,
in key documents such as the charterparty relating to the charter of the
_Dolphina_ ,[note: 13] KOSB’s commercial invoice[note: 14] and letter of
indemnity,[note: 15] a letter of credit with KOSB as beneficiary,[note: 16] as
well as in KOSB’s banking correspondence,[note: 17] and furthermore was the
venue of choice for meetings of the board of KCB.[note: 18]

(e) In addition to the identical addresses, even though KOSB and Universal
purportedly had their own staff, some employees of the former also helped out
in the office of the latter.[note: 19]

Dongma Oils and Fats (Guangzhou Free Trade Zone) Co, Ltd

10 Another company related to Universal and KOSB is Dongma Oils and Fats
(Guangzhou Free Trade Zone) Co, Ltd (“Dongma”), which, _inter alia_ , operates
a palm oil refinery and other downstream installations.[note: 20] Dongma’s
links to Universal (through KOSB) are disclosed by the facts that:

(a) Dongma was 51% owned by KCB at the material time.[note: 21]

(b) Alvin Kwan, Steve Kwan and K H Chong are all directors of Dongma,[note:
22] and Steve Kwan is in fact its “Legal Representative”.[note: 23]

(c) Wang Shi Hui (also known as Sophia Wang) (“Sophia Wang”), the assistant
manager of Dongma, was a witness for Universal, and testified that she saw
KOSB as Dongma’s “head office”.[note: 24]

(d) The domain name of Dongma’s e-mail and website address – “kwantas.com.cn”
– like that of Universal’s (see [9(d)] above) again refers to that of KOSB.

Fordeco Shipping Sdn Bhd

11 Yet another associated company is Fordeco Shipping Sdn Bhd (“Fordeco”),
which acted as Universal’s shipping representative,[note: 25] and is connected
to Universal by the following facts:

(a) Alvin Kwan and Steve Kwan are director-shareholders of Kwan Ah Hee
Holdings Ltd, which wholly owns Fordeco.[note: 26]

(b) Universal and Fordeco occupy the same physical address (which is the same
as that of KOSB and KCB (see [9(d)] above)).[note: 27]

(c) KOSB was formerly known as Fordeco Oil Sdn Bhd.[note: 28]

(d) Universal’s shipping manager, Yong Kui Fong (“K F Yong”), who was
authorised to run the commercial business of Universal, was also being
employed by Fordeco.[note: 29]

Zhejiang Zhongguang Industry Co Ltd

12 A company known as Zhejiang Zhongguang Industry Co Ltd (“Zhongguang”) was a
customer of BOC and a buyer of palm oil from KOSB.

Felda Vegetable Oil Products Sdn Bhd

13 Felda Vegetable Oil Products Sdn Bhd (“Felda”) is a Malaysian company in
the business of refining crude palm oil and palm kernel oil for the
oleochemical industries.

Ningbo Shanke Import and Export Co Ltd

14 Ningbo Shanke Import and Export Co Ltd (“Shanke”), like Zhongguang, is a
customer of KOSB,[note: 30] and there is some suggestion that Zhongguang was a
nominee buyer of KOSB’s palm oil for Shanke in relation to the events leading
to these proceedings.[note: 31]

15 Beyond that, very little is known about Shanke, save that a Ms “Xu Feng
Zheng” (also known as Xu Zheng Feng) seems to have been acting on its behalf
at the material time.

Malayan Banking Berhad

16 Malayan Banking Berhad (“Maybank”) played a number of different roles in
this case, some of which did not come to light until the third tranche of the
proceedings, but it can now be said with some confidence that, at the material
time, Maybank was the banker of both KOSB and Felda, but that on one occasion
it was not acting on their behalf as banker or agent, but in its own right as
principal.

These Proceedings

17 How I intend to approach the exposition of the facts and procedural history
of this case is to set out the four tranches over which these proceedings took
place. Within each tranche I then explain what facts were available to me (and
what were missing). I also set out some of my findings in relation to the
disputed facts, although legal analysis is deferred to subsequent portions of
this judgment.

18 I should also mention, for completeness, that before this action came on
for trial before me, there had been a failed attempt by BOC to obtain summary
judgment against Universal, as well as a number of other interlocutory matters
such as an application by Universal for security for costs.

First Tranche

19 The first tranche of these proceedings appeared to be a fairly
straightforward claim by BOC against Universal for breach of contract for
misdelivery of cargo without production of the original bills of lading, based
on the following facts.

Available evidence

(1) The Zhongguang Contract

20 On or around 16 January 2008, KOSB entered into a contract (numbered
ZJZ/RPL/16118/0308) with Zhongguang, pursuant to which KOSB sold a parcel of
3,000 mt (2% more or less at the seller’s option) of Refined Bleach Deodorised
(“RBD”) Palm Oelin to Zhongguang at a price of US$1,138.20 per mt (_ie_ , a
total sum of US$3,414,600.00) (the “Zhongguang Contract”).[note: 32]

21 As will become apparent below, there were in fact _two_ versions of the
Zhongguang Contract: the actual, real version (any references to the
Zhongguang Contract should be read as referring to this version), and another
version (the “Good Copy”). More will be said about the Good Copy later, but
the Zhongguang Contract, in addition to those summarised at [20] above,
contained the following key terms:[note: 33]

(a) Shipment was to be effected during March 2008 and before 31 March 2008.

(b) Payment was to be made by draft at ninety (90) days after sight by the
buyer, Zhongguang, opening an irrevocable letter of credit in favour of the
seller, KOSB, for 100% of the contract value seven (7) days before shipment.

(c) The documents required for payment under the letter of credit were, _inter
alia_ : KOSB’s signed commercial invoice and a full set of “clean on board
Bill(s) of Lading made out to order and blank endorsed”.

22 KOSB’s invoice and packing list dated 16 January 2008 (the “16 January 2008
invoice”) addressed to Zhongguang for 2,999.901 mt of RBD Palm Olein was
produced in evidence.[note: 34] The 16 January 2008 invoice bore a signature
in Chinese characters which, according to Sophia Wang, was that of an employee
of Dongma, who was signing on behalf of KOSB.[note: 35] Although ostensibly
issued in relation to the Zhongguang Contract, the 16 January 2008 invoice had
in my view clearly been backdated, because it listed the subject cargo as
being 2,999.901 mt of RBD Palm Oelin (instead of the figure originally
stipulated in the Zhongguang Contract, _viz_ , “3,000 mt of RBD Palm Oelin (2%
more or less at the seller’s option)”), when that exact figure was only known
on or around 23 March 2008 when BL4 was issued. In addition, the 16 January
2008 invoice notably contained a different term of payment from the Zhongguang
Contract, namely, “100% cash against documents via Buyer’s Nominated Banks”.

23 I should add at this point that another version of the invoice (bearing
reference number SS/RPL 0166/08 and also ostensibly issued in relation to the
Zhongguang Contract) dated 24 March 2008 (the “24 March 2008 invoice”) was
produced in evidence.[note: 36] Apart from the difference in dates, the 24
March 2008 invoice contained several important differences from the 16 January
2008 invoice; in particular, it had been signed by KOSB’s General Manager,
Christopher Chai,[note: 37] and the payment term was no longer “100% cash
against documents via Buyer’s Nominated Banks”, but referred to a letter of
credit. That reference, however, gave away the fact that the 24 March 2008
invoice had also been backdated, because the letter of credit to which it
referred only existed after 6 June 2008 (see [42] and [101] below).

(2) The February Charterparty

24 Pursuant to a voyage charterparty dated 19 February 2008 (the “February
Charterparty”),[note: 38] which was in the amended Vegoilvoy form together
with some additional clauses, Universal chartered the _Dolphina_ to KOSB to
carry 11,500 mt of RBD Palm Oelin from Kuantan, Malaysia, to Huangpu, China.

(3) The Felda Contract

25 In early March 2008, KOSB bought 11,500 mt of RBD Palm Oelin (the “Cargo”)
from Felda (the “Felda Contract”). It was this Cargo which was to be the
subject-matter of the February Charterparty, and it was from this Cargo that
the Zhongguang Contract was going to be fulfilled (see [29] below).[note: 39]

26 Although it was known at the time of the first tranche of the proceedings
that KOSB bought the Cargo from Felda, the precise terms of the Felda Contract
were not.

(4) The bills of lading and BL4

27 On or around 23 March 2008, the Cargo was loaded on board the _Dolphina_ at
Kuantan and Universal issued four bills of lading (bill of lading nos
KTN/HPU-01 (3,000 mt), KTN/HPU-02 (3,000 mt), KTN/HPU-03 (2,500 mt), and
KTN/HPU-04 (2,999.901 mt)) to Felda as the named shipper of the Cargo, all
dated at Kuantan on 23 March 2008\. All four bills of lading were cut the same
way: Felda was named as the shipper, the Cargo was consigned “TO ORDER”, and
the notify party was Dongma.[note: 40]

28 Although four separate bills of lading were issued for what were apparently
four separate parcels of cargo, the Cargo was stowed in a number of cargo
tanks with no segregation as to parcels, and the bills of lading themselves
provided that the Cargo would not be segregated:[note: 41]

For the whole shipment _4_ Sets of Bill of Lading have been issued for which
the Vessel is relieved from all responsibilities to the extent it would be if
one set only would have been issued. The Vessel undertakes to deliver only
that portion of the cargo actually boded [_sic_] which is represented by the
percentage that the total amount specified in the Bill(s) of Lading bears to
the total of the commingling shipment delivered at destination. Neither the
Vessel nor the owners assume any responsibility for the consequences of such
commingling nor for the separation thereof at the time of delivery.

29 Nonetheless, the present action is concerned with bill of lading no
KTN/HPU-04 (“BL4”), and it is common ground that the 2,999.901 mt of RBD Palm
Oelin which formed the subject-matter of BL4 (the “BL4 Cargo”) was to be used
to fulfil the Zhongguang Contract.

(5) The Cargo is shipped from Kuantan

30 Notwithstanding Zhongguang’s failure to open a letter of credit seven days
before shipment as required under the Zhongguang Contract (see [21(b)] above),
the entire Cargo of 11,500 mt of RBD Palm Oelin was shipped as undivided bulk
cargo on or around 23 March 2008.[note: 42]

(6) The Cargo arrives in Huangpu and is discharged against KOSB’s letter of
indemnity

31 On 25 March 2008, Fordeco, acting on behalf of Universal, appointed Jade
Shipping Agency (Guangzhou) Company Limited (“Jade Shipping”) as the
_Dolphina_ ’s agents in Huangpu.[note: 43]

32 On or around 26 March 2008, with the _Dolphina_ arriving in Huangpu, Jade
Shipping inquired of Fordeco whether the Cargo could be released to the
receivers without production of the original bills of lading (including BL4,
which is at the root of this dispute). This request was copied to, _inter
alia_ , Steve Kwan.[note: 44]

33 On 27 March 2008, KOSB as charterer issued a letter of indemnity (“LOI”) in
favour of Universal, agreeing, _inter alia_ , to indemnify Universal against
all liability arising as a result of delivering the Cargo to Dongma without
production of the original bills of lading.[note: 45] The LOI was signed by
Christopher Chai, the General Manager of KOSB, and provided, _inter alia_ , as
follows:

In consideration of you [Universal] complying with our [KOSB’s] request [to
deliver the Cargo to Dongma without production of the original bills of
lading], we hereby agree as follows: -

1.To indemnify you, your servants and agents and to hold all of you harmless
in respect of any liability, loss, damage or expense of whatsoever nature
which you may sustain by reason of delivering the [Cargo] in accordance with
our request.

…

4.If the place at which we have asked you to make delivery is a bulk liquid or
gas terminal or facility or another ship, lighter or barge, then delivery to
such terminal, facility, ship, lighter or barge shall be deemed to be delivery
to the party to whom we have requested you to make such delivery.

5.As soon as all original bills of lading for the above [Cargo] shall have
come into our possession, to deliver the same to you, or otherwise to cause
all original bills of lading to be delivered to you, whereupon our liability
hereunder shall cease.

…

34 KOSB obtained a similar LOI (for delivery of the Cargo to Dongma without
production of the original bills of lading) from Dongma on the same day,
apparently _before_ KOSB issued its LOI to Universal.[note: 46]

35 On 28 March 2008, with the _Dolphina_ already at Huangpu, Fordeco confirmed
to Jade Shipping that the Cargo could be released and discharged without
requiring the original bills of lading to be produced. This too was copied to,
_inter alia_ , Steve Kwan.[note: 47]

36 At some point, Dongma had apparently entered into an agreement with
Dongguan Huanan Oils & Fats Industrial Co, Ltd (“Huanan”) for storage of the
Cargo in shore tanks belonging to Huanan. There is some dispute between the
parties as to the validity of this agreement, and therefore whether Huanan was
storing the Cargo for Dongma, but in my view this is not material to the
present action. In any event, on 30 March 2008, the _Dolphina_ began
discharging the Cargo into Huanan’s shore tanks (as nominated by Dongma)
against KOSB’s LOI, and the discharge was completed by 1 April 2008 (the
“Discharge Date”).[note: 48]

37 It does not appear that the BL4 Cargo was separated from the rest of the
Cargo during the discharge into Huanan’s shore tanks. Although there was some
mention of “splitting” the four bills of lading,[note: 49] this turned out to
be for customs purposes only, and not to segregate the Cargo.

38 It is common ground that, as at the Discharge Date, neither KOSB nor Dongma
had possession of the bills of lading (in particular, BL4), and it has not
been suggested that the bills of lading were being held on their behalf.

(7) April to June 2008

39 Between April to June 2008, Huanan released the Cargo (including the BL4
Cargo) to various end-buyers in China.[note: 50]

(8) Zhongguang applies for a letter of credit from BOC with the “Good Copy” of
the Zhongguang Contract

40 On 6 June 2008, BOC received Zhongguang’s application for an irrevocable
letter of credit in favour of KOSB in the sum of US$3,414,600.00 (_ie_ , the
agreed price for the BL4 Cargo under the Zhongguang Contract (see [20]
above)).[note: 51]

41 In applying for the letter of credit, Zhongguang provided BOC with a copy
of the Zhongguang Contract that was marked “Good Copy”.[note: 52] The Good
Copy was a different version of the Zhongguang Contract, for it provided that
the BL4 Cargo was to be shipped _during June 2008_ and _before 30 June 2008_ ,
whereas the Zhongguang Contract had provided that shipment was to take place
_during March 2008_ and _before 31 March 2008_ (see [21(a)] above). The Good
Copy was otherwise identical to the Zhongguang Contract.

(9) The June L/C

42 BOC issued Zhongguang a letter of credit (no LCZE 001200800924) on 6 June
2008 (the “June L/C”),[note: 53] but not without Zhongguang paying BOC a
security deposit of 15% of the sum for which the June L/C was issued (_ie_ ,
US$512,190.00), which sum was apparently provided to Zhongguang by
Shanke.[note: 54]

43 The June L/C was expressed to be subject to the ICC Uniform Customs and
Practice for Documentary Credits 600 (“UCP 600”),[note: 55] and among the
documents that had to be presented in order to receive payment under the June
L/C were:[note: 56]

SIGNED COMMERCIAL INVOICE IN 4 ORIGINALS AND 3 COPIES INDICATING L/C NO. AND
CONTRACT NO. ZJZ/RPL/16118/0308

FULL SET (3/3) CLEAN ON BOARD OCEAN BILLS OF LADING MADE OUT TO ORDER AND
BLANK ENDORSED, MARKED “FREIGHT PREPAID” AND NOTIFYING DONGMA OILS AND FATS
(GUANGZHOU FREE TRADE ZONE) CO., LTD. NO. 15 JING QIAO ROAD, GUANGZHOU FREE
TRADE ZONE GUANGZHOU, CHINA 510730 IN 3 ORIGINALS AND 3 COPIES.

44 HSBC Bank Malaysia Berhad (“HSBC”), Kota Kinabalu, as advising bank,
advised the opening of the June L/C on 6 June 2008, the terms of which were as
follows:[note: 57]

40A : |  Form of Documentary Credit IRREVOCABLE |   
---|---|---  
20 : |  Documentary Credit Number LCZE001200800924  
31C : |  Date of Issue |  |   
|  080606 |  |   
|  |  Jun-06-2008 |   
40E : |  Applicable Rules [UCP 600]  
31D : |  Date and Place of Expiry  
|  Date |  :080702  
|  |  Jul-02-2008  
|  Place |  :MALAYSIA  
50 : |  Applicant [Zhongguang]  
59 : |  Beneficiary – Name & Address [KOSB]  
32B : |  Currency Code, Amount [USD 3,414,600.00]  
… |   
41D : |  Available With…By… - Name&Addr |  NameAndAddress  
|  : ANY BANK Code |  : BY NEGOTIATION  
42C : |  Drafts at… AT 90 DAYS AFTER SIGHT FOR 100.0PCT INVOICE VALUE  
42A : |  Drawee – BIC [BOC]  
… |   
44C : |  Latest date of shipment 080615  
|  |  Jun-15-2008  
… |   
48 : |  Period for Presentation DOCUMENTS TO BE PRESENTED WITHIN 100 DAYS AFTER THE DATE OF SHIPMENT BUT WITHIN THE VALIDITY OF THE CREDIT  
  
  

HSBC’s letter of advice also contained the following remarks:

THIS ADVICE… SHOULD BE PRESENTED WITH THE DOCUMENTS/DRAFTS _FOR
NEGOTIATION/PAYMENT/__ACCEPTANCE_ , AS APPLICABLE. [emphasis added]

45 The June L/C also provided instructions to the “paying/accepting/
negotiating bank” as follows:[note: 58]

ALL DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE SENT TO OUR COUNTER AT NO. 173 QINGCHUN ROAD HUANGZHOU
CHINA IN ONE LOT BY COURIER SERVICE. UPON RECEIPT OF THE DOCUMENTS AND
DRAFT(S) IN STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS CREDIT, WE
SHALL ACCEPT THE DRAFT(S) AND REIMBURSE THE PRESENTING BANK AS INSTRUCTED AT
MATURITY.

46 In other words, anyone hoping to be paid by Zhongguang (via BOC) under the
June L/C had to present to BOC (via that person’s bank) BL4 (endorsed in
blank) as well as KOSB’s commercial invoice in respect of the Zhongguang
Contract, within 100 days of shipment (the latest shipment date being 15 June
2008),[note: 59] but presentation had to take place in any case before the
expiry of the June L/C on 2 July 2008.[note: 60] Payment under the June L/C
would be made by draft ninety (90) days after sight, which was consistent with
the payment term under both the Zhongguang Contract and the Good Copy (see
[21(b)] and [41] above).

47 A bill of exchange dated 9 June 2008 was drawn by KOSB on BOC for payment
of the sum of US$3,414,487.32 to the order of Maybank at 90 days after sight
(the “June B/E”).[note: 61] In other words, the payee, Maybank, had to present
the June B/E and the other relevant documents to the drawee, BOC, for
acceptance, whereupon the maturity date (the date by which BOC was required to
make payment to the order of Maybank) would be fixed at 90 days after the date
of presentation of the June B/E (see A G Guest, _Chalmers and Guest on Bills
of Exchange, Cheques and Promissory Notes_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 17th ed, 2009) at
paras 2-086 and 6-004).

48 The June B/E was signed by K H Chong, one of the directors of KOSB,[note:
62] and its text was as follows:[note: 63]

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

49 On the reverse side of the June B/E was Maybank’s endorsement as
payee:[note: 64]

Pay/~~Delivered~~ To The Order of

For Maybank (3813-K)

Karamungsing Trade Finance Centre

[Signature]

[Illegible text]

(10) Maybank presents BOC with the relevant documents for payment under the
June L/C

50 On 9 June 2008, Maybank sent the following letter (the “presentation
letter”) to BOC:[note: 65]

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

51 There were a number of noteworthy features about Maybank’s presentation
letter:

(a) In addition to BL4 and KOSB’s commercial invoice, the June B/E was also
being presented, even though it was not actually one of the required documents
under the June L/C (unlike BL4 and KOSB’s commercial invoice) (see [43]
above). For convenience, I will refer to the June B/E, BL4 and KOSB’s
commercial invoice as “the relevant documents”.

(b) I have already mentioned that two invoices were ostensibly issued by KOSB
in relation to the Zhongguang Contract (see [22] and [23] above), and what was
being presented by Maybank on 9 June 2008 was KOSB’s 24 March 2008 invoice.

(c) Maybank’s presentation letter contained the following remarks:

WE CERTIFY ENDORSEMENT OF DRAWING AMOUNT IS ON THE REVERSE OF CREDIT

WE CERTIFY DOCUMENTS RECEIVED WITHIN PRESENTATION PERIOD AND VALIDITY OF
CREDIT

WE CERTIFY ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF LETTER OF CREDIT ARE COMPLIED WITH

ADVISE ACCEPTANCE AND MATURITY DATE BY SWIFT/TELEX

(d) As a result of Maybank’s presentation of both the June B/E as well as the
other relevant documents, some of these remarks were referable to the June B/E
while others were referable to the June L/C. The first remark referred to the
endorsement on the reverse side of the June B/E (see [49] above), the second
and third remarks were standard UCP 600 terms referable to the June L/C (see
[43] above) and the final remark related once again to the June B/E – it has
already been explained that presentation of the bill of exchange for
acceptance was required to fix the maturity date (see [47] above), and given
that it was presented on 9 June 2008, the maturity date was therefore 9
September 2008, and Maybank’s presentation letter directed BOC to pay
US$3,414,487.32 to American Express Bank Ltd (“Amex”).

(e) Maybank’s presentation letter stated that BL4, KOSB’s commercial invoice
and the June B/E were “for negotiation/payment”.

52 On 11 June 2008, BOC received by courier the relevant documents specified
in Maybank’s presentation letter,[note: 66] and they were found on their face
to comply with the terms of the June L/C. I should say that, by this point in
time, the reverse side of BL4 carried three endorsements: an endorsement in
blank by Felda, an endorsement by Maybank to KOSB, and an endorsement in blank
by KOSB.[note: 67] It has always been common ground that that was the order in
which the endorsements took place,[note: 68] but as none of these endorsements
was dated, the grave difficulty I have had in this case has been in deciding
when and the circumstances in which these various endorsements were executed,
on which my views have changed as between the first and third tranches of the
proceedings as a result of the new evidence which emerged.

53 On the same day (11 June 208), the relevant documents were sent by BOC to
Zhongguang, which, by endorsing BOC’s document entitled “Notice for Payment
under L/C”, confirmed that it had received the relevant documents presented on
11 June 2008, examined them and instructed and authorised BOC to make payment
under the June L/C to the presenting bank (_ie_ , Maybank), and to debit its
account with BOC.[note: 69] BOC duly accepted the June B/E and its obligation
thereunder to pay the sum of US$3,414,487.32 to Maybank crystallised.

(11) BOC is left in the lurch

54 After BOC’s acceptance of the June B/E (11 June 2008) but before payment on
the maturity date (9 September 2008), however, BOC ran into a number of
problems.

55 On 13 June 2008, Zhongguang returned the relevant documents to BOC, citing
financial difficulties.[note: 70] Although the evidence of when and how BL4
was returned to or recovered by BOC is inconsistent, in my view, nothing turns
on this as there is no doubt that BOC was and is in physical possession of the
full set of BL4.

56 Following Zhongguang’s refusal to take up the relevant documents, BOC
despatched its representatives to Huangpu to demand delivery of the BL4 Cargo
from Jade Shipping. At Huangpu, BOC’s representatives were eventually informed
by Dongma (which information was later confirmed by Jade Shipping), to their
consternation, that the BL4 Cargo had been released and discharged by the
Discharge Date (1 April 2008), without production of BL4.[note: 71] BOC thus
realised that the BL4 Cargo had been shipped in March 2008, and not June 2008,
and that the BL4 Cargo had long been dispersed.

57 On 16 June 2008, BOC understandably commenced legal proceedings in China
against Zhongguang and all its guarantors,[note: 72] but, at the time of the
proceedings, BOC had apparently not made any successful recovery in
China.[note: 73]

58 On 17 June 2008, BOC also desperately sent a SWIFT message to Maybank
informing it that the transactions in connection with the June L/C were
suspected of being fraudulent, and demanded that Maybank stop or cancel any
ongoing or outstanding export finance regarding KOSB.[note: 74] Unfortunately,
Maybank replied stating that it had already paid KOSB on 10 June 2008, and
that Maybank was holding BOC to its acceptance of the June B/E and its
obligations thereunder.[note: 75]

59 On 3 July 2008, BOC commenced the present _in rem_ proceedings against the
_Dolphina_ , claiming to sue as lawful holder of BL4 for misdelivery of the
BL4 Cargo to Dongma without proper production of BL4. On 20 July 2008, the
_Dolphina_ was arrested in Singapore, and Universal furnished security in the
sum of US$4.4 million for BOC’s claim.[note: 76]

60 Despite the grim situation, BOC nonetheless honoured its obligations under
the June B/E, and paid US$3,414,487.32 at Maybank’s order to Amex on 9
September 2008.[note: 77]

Parties’ arguments in the first tranche

61 I now come to the arguments of the parties during the first tranche of the
proceedings, which I briefly set out so that the subsequent turn of events
leading to the second, third and fourth tranches may be made sense of.

62 A preliminary issue dividing the parties was whether the contract of
carriage contained in or evidenced by BL4 was governed by English law (as BOC
contended) or by Malaysian law (as Universal contended). I resolved this issue
in BOC’s favour for the reasons I explain below (see [113] to [132]).

63 In relation to the substantive merits, Ms Ang for BOC was essentially
arguing that, by virtue of the facts set out above, BOC was entitled to BL4
and the BL4 Cargo, that it was a term of the contract of carriage evidenced by
or contained in BL4 that Universal would only deliver the BL4 Cargo against
the production of BL4, and that by failing to do so, Universal was in breach
of contract. Although a cause of action in conversion had also been pleaded by
BOC, Ms Ang conceded that she was relying on the contractual claim alone.

64 Mr Gurbani for Universal sought to meet BOC’s breach of contract claim
primarily on the basis that BOC had not acquired any rights of suit against
Universal, because BL4 had been “spent” (_ie_ , incapable of transferring
rights of suit in relation to the contract of carriage) as at the Discharge
Date because the BL4 Cargo had by then already been delivered to the person
entitled to it. This argument depended on, _inter alia_ , establishing who was
entitled to the BL4 Cargo at the Discharge Date, which in turn depended on
establishing when the various endorsements of BL4 (see [52] above) had taken
place, and it also drew upon the case of _London Joint Stock Bank Limited v
British Amsterdam Maritime Agency Limited_ [1908-1911] KB 571 (“ _London Joint
Stock_ ”).

Unavailable evidence and unanswered questions

65 I am compelled to observe that Universal’s argument, as I have just
described it, was substantially without evidential support during the first
tranche of the proceedings, and rested on rather extravagant presuppositions
and logical leaps which ignored material gaps in the evidence. I do not wish
to dwell on this matter because it was eventually superseded by the events
which I describe below, but it must be said that a frustrating amount of
energy was therefore expended in an attempt to follow Mr Gurbani’s arguments,
only to discover that they resulted in dead-ends. I note, furthermore, that
this lack of evidence was not accidental, as none of the following
individuals, who clearly possessed a great deal of material knowledge, was
called to give evidence on behalf of Universal:

(a) Steve Kwan, who had been copied into e-mail correspondence relating to the
shipment and discharge of the Cargo without production of the bills of lading,
swore almost all the affidavits on behalf of Universal in relation to BOC’s
application for summary judgment and the other interlocutory matters, and it
is clear to me that he played a key role in this entire affair.

(b) KOSB’s General Manager, Christopher Chai, was another major character in
the events leading up to these proceedings but whose evidence was
conspicuously absent.

(c) As the person who was apparently involved in the charter of the _Dolphina_
and who was generally authorised to handle Universal’s commercial business
(see [11(d)] above), K F Yong’s evidence would also have been obviously
relevant.

Instead of these possible candidates, however, Universal furnished Alvin Kwan
and Sophia Wang as witnesses of fact, both of whom were of remarkably little
assistance.

66 The former professed to be in overall charge of Universal but displayed
very little knowledge of the company and its affairs to support his claim. For
instance, he testified that Universal has two directors,[note: 78] when in
fact it has three (see [7] above). In addition, Alvin Kwan himself admitted
that he possessed no direct personal knowledge about the facts of the case and
his evidence was thus entirely unhelpful.

67 The other factual witness, Sophia Wang, was an employee of Dongma, and her
role in all this was somewhat peripheral.

68 In short, nothing was heard from the persons who, at least on the face of
the documentary evidence, quite clearly possessed actual knowledge of the sale
and shipment of the Cargo in March 2008, and I have no doubt that, given the
close connection between them, Universal could have called someone appropriate
from KOSB to testify on its behalf had it wanted to, especially given that
Universal was invoking the terms of KOSB’s LOI,[note: 79] and that it was
therefore KOSB’s funds which were at stake in these proceedings.

69 As a result, I was left with very little oral evidence with which to make
sense of the documentary evidence (or to be more precise, the documentary
evidence that was available to me), resulting in the following unanswered
questions casting a pall over my deliberations:

(a) The circumstances surrounding, and the events following, Zhongguang’s
failure to open a letter of credit at the time required by the Zhongguang
Contract: one would have thought that such an obligation would have been a
condition of the Zhongguang Contract, so why did KOSB not terminate the
Zhongguang Contract but instead continue to perform by shipping the BL4 Cargo?

(b) The significance of KOSB’s 16 January 2008 invoice containing a different
payment term from the Zhongguang Contract, and the circumstances surrounding
the creation and backdating of KOSB’s 24 March 2008 invoice: what was the
explanation for these discrepancies?

(c) The terms of the Felda Contract: had Felda been paid by KOSB for the
Cargo, and if so, how and when?

(d) What was the reason for Maybank’s endorsement of BL4 to KOSB?

(e) The circumstances surrounding the creation of the Good Copy: who was
responsible for it and what induced them to do it?

(f) The significance of BOC approving the opening of the June L/C by reference
to the Good Copy rather than the Zhongguang Contract: what were the
implications of this, if any?

70 Although BOC was clearly aware of some of these matters as well (for
instance, it argued that the Good Copy had been created to conceal the fact
that the BL4 Cargo had already been shipped[note: 80]), it too was ultimately
stymied by the lack of evidence, and could not make much of them. Given that
BOC’s claim was essentially for breach of contract, it could not legitimately
pursue other lines of enquiry. Unfortunately, however, this meant that in some
respects BOC was barking up the wrong tree, by relying on certain false
assumptions, such as the validity of KOSB’s endorsement of BL4, which was a
matter that troubled me greatly from an early stage of the proceedings.[note:
81]

71 As I have said, Mr Gurbani was arguing that BL4 had been spent as of the
Discharge Date (see [64] above). KOSB must have known that the BL4 Cargo had
been discharged as of the Discharge Date, because KOSB had requested that
Universal make delivery against its LOI of 27 March 2008 (see [33] and [35]
above). Yet, no point was being taken by Ms Ang in relation to the fact that
KOSB had, after the Discharge Date, gone ahead to endorse BL4 in blank,
thereby treating it (and intending that it be so treated) as a subsisting,
negotiable document of title capable of transferring rights of suit. This
peculiarity was exacerbated by the fact that KOSB’s LOI obliged it to
surrender BL4 to Universal once it was in KOSB’s hands. Thus, it seemed to me
seriously questionable whether KOSB’s endorsement of BL4 in blank had been
_bona fide_ and was valid, as the parties (and especially BOC) seemed to have
assumed.

72 On 28 January 2011, I therefore invited the parties to consider the
validity and effect (if any) of KOSB’s endorsement of BL4 in blank, in the
following terms:

[T[he parties are to consider the significance, if any, of the following facts
in evidence before the court.

KOSB obtained [BL4] from Felda in June 2008, and despite its promise under the
[LOI] issued on 27 March 2008 to surrender [BL4] to [Universal], KOSB
negotiated it to obtain payment. In short, KOSB went ahead to endorse and
transfer [BL4] as a negotiable document of title as against the ship to a
third party like [BOC] when the allegation was that by then [BL4’s] function
as a document of title had exhausted.

73 Perhaps predictably, Mr Gurbani submitted that KOSB’s endorsement was
irrelevant to Universal’s defence, as KOSB and Universal were separate legal
entities, and that KOSB’s conduct could not bind Universal (which had not
acquiesced in them) in any way. Surprisingly, however, Ms Ang also took the
position that KOSB’s endorsement of BL4 in blank was irrelevant to BOC’s
claim, submitting, _inter alia_ , that the only significance of the matters I
had raised was the prospect of a cause of action by Universal against KOSB
under KOSB’s LOI of 27 March 2008.

74 I was not at all satisfied with these responses, and I cannot help
observing that an enormous amount of the time and effort that was subsequently
expended to explore these matters and formulate the true controversies could
have been saved had the parties been more concerned about these troubling
details from an early stage of the litigation.

Key matters overlooked

75 I soon began to uncover other matters which, to my dismay, had been glossed
over, and in order to explain them it is necessary for me to elaborate how I
viewed the evidence during the first tranche of the proceedings.

(1) Maybank as pledgee of BL4?

76 As I have said, one of the relevant issues was who was entitled to the BL4
Cargo on the Discharge Date, which turned on when and in what circumstances
the various endorsements on BL4 had taken place (see [64] above). I knew that
Universal had issued BL4 to Felda on or around 23 March 2008 (see [27] above),
and I knew that Maybank presented BL4 to BOC on 9 June 2008 (see [50] above).
What, then, happened to BL4 in between and how were the various endorsements
on BL4 to be accounted for?

77 On the less than ideal state of the evidence at the time, I considered
there to be two possible scenarios.

78 The first was that no financing was required in respect of the Felda
Contract, and Felda was simply waiting to be paid by KOSB. As I did not know
the terms of the Felda Contract (see [26] above), and because there was no
evidence to the contrary, I assumed that Felda had not been paid by KOSB, and
that, due to the large sums of money involved, KOSB would pay by way of a
letter of credit. Based on Mr Gurbani’s statement from the Bar that Maybank
was Felda’s bank and collecting agent (in addition to being KOSB’s bank), I
considered that Felda had, at some point in time before June 2008, endorsed
BL4 in blank and passed it to Maybank to hold as collecting agent until such
time as KOSB was ready to pay Felda by way of a letter of credit. By 6 June
2008, KOSB would have known that Zhongguang had opened the June L/C with BOC
(of which KOSB was the beneficiary) (see [44] above). On 9 June 2008, Maybank
would then have presented BL4 (along with KOSB’s 24 March 2008 invoice and the
June B/E) to BOC as required under the June L/C, endorsing it to KOSB around
that time. Likewise around that time, KOSB would have endorsed BL4 in blank.
On this scenario, as at the Discharge Date, Felda would have been entitled to
the BL4 Cargo.

79 The second scenario again assumed that Felda had not been paid by KOSB, but
also assumed that financing was required in respect of the Felda Contract, and
that BL4 was pledged to Maybank as security for trade financing. Either Felda
or KOSB could have been the pledgor, with the movement of BL4 differing as
between the two possibilities:

(a) If Felda had been the pledgor, Felda would have pledged BL4 to Maybank,
endorsing BL4 in blank as it did so. Maybank as pledgee would have held on to
BL4 until KOSB was ready to make payment in respect of the Felda Contract,
which would have been around 9 June 2008 after Zhongguang had applied for the
June L/C. Maybank, as pledgee, would then have endorsed BL4 to KOSB and KOSB
would then have endorsed it in blank.

(b) If KOSB had been the pledgor, Felda would have endorsed BL4 in blank and
Maybank would have held it as Felda’s collecting agent, pending payment from
KOSB. KOSB would have obtained trade financing from Maybank (as KOSB’s banker)
to pay Felda, pledging BL4 to Maybank in the process. Upon paying Felda, KOSB
would have received BL4 from Maybank (as Felda’s collecting agent), with
Maybank for some reason endorsing BL4 to KOSB. KOSB would then have returned
BL4, endorsed in blank, to Maybank.

The second scenario would have had the consequence that, as at the Discharge
Date, Maybank would have been entitled as pledgee to the BL4 Cargo.

80 What puzzled me, however, was Maybank’s endorsement of BL4 to KOSB. Only if
Felda had pledged BL4 to Maybank could the endorsement satisfactorily be
explained, because Maybank would have been endorsing BL4 in its own right
_qua_ pledgee of BL4. In any other situation, however, Maybank would have been
acting as collecting agent for Felda, in which case it had no business
endorsing BL4 in its own name.

(2) Maybank not acting on behalf of and as agent for KOSB

81 What was even less explicable was the seemingly common ground that,
regardless of how the various endorsements ended up on BL4, on 9 June 2008,
Maybank was in possession of BL4 and presented it (as well as the other
relevant documents) to BOC on behalf of and as agent for KOSB (the beneficiary
under the June L/C). To my mind, this was an incorrect view of the evidence
(such as it was), and it did not become less so merely because both parties
shared it (see _Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd v Chenab Contractor Pte Ltd_
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 375 at [9] and _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology
Inc_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 (“ _Pacific Recreation_ ”) at [32]).

82 In my opinion, two things had not been adequately appreciated.

83 First, under the terms of the Zhongguang Contract, KOSB was giving
Zhongguang 90 days’ worth of credit (see [21(b)] above). On the evidence,
Zhongguang did not take steps towards making payment until 6 June 2008, when
the June L/C was opened. The June L/C, however, contemplated a _further_
90-day period of credit (“Drafts at: At 90 days after sight…”) (see [44]
above), which meant that KOSB was not going to be paid in respect of the
Zhongguang Contract till at least 9 September 2008 – some 6 months after
shipment. One would expect, therefore, that as an unpaid seller, KOSB must
have been extremely concerned about this state of affairs, especially given
the KCB Group’s policy on trade credits and control over receivables, set out
in KCB’s financial statements for the financial year ending 30 June 2008, in
the following terms:[note: 82]

The Group’s primary exposure to credit risk arises through its trade
receivables. The Group’s trading terms with its customers are mainly on
credit, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally
required. The credit period is generally for a period of 14 days, extending up
to three months for major customers. Each customer has a maximum credit limit.
The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables
and has a credit control department to minimise credit risk. Overdue balances
are reviewed regularly by senior management… Trade receivables are non-
interest bearing.

84 Second, given the June L/C’s instructions to the
“paying/accepting/negotiating bank” (see [45] above), HSBC’s letter of advice
expressing the June L/C to be “[a]vailable with” or “by” “[a]ny bank” “[b]y
negotiation” (see [44] above), as well as Maybank’s statement in its
presentation letter that it was presenting BL4, KOSB’s 24 March 2008 invoice
and the June B/E “for negotiation/payment” (see [50] above), it was clear to
me that the June L/C was a negotiation credit, that is, a credit in which the
issuing bank’s undertakings are directed to any bank which becomes a _bona
fide_ holder of the bill of exchange and the other documents stipulated by the
credit (A Malek QC and D Quest, _Jack: Documentary Credits_ (Tottel
Publishing, 4th ed, 2009) at para 2.20).

85 In my view, the appropriate inference to be drawn from the foregoing
observations, and which neither party seemed inclined to draw, was that KOSB,
perhaps because of the KCB Group’s strict control over outstanding
receivables, negotiated the June L/C and the other relevant documents (_ie_ ,
BL4 and KOSB’s 24 March 2008 invoice) to Maybank, endorsing BL4 in blank as it
did so, and that when Maybank presented the relevant documents to BOC on 9
June 2008, it was _not_ doing so on behalf of and as agent for KOSB (the
beneficiary of the June L/C), but as _principal in its own right_ , intending
thereby to itself obtain payment from BOC when the draft matured. As R King,
_Gutteridge and Megrah’s Law of Banker’s Commercial Credits_ (Europa
Publications, 8th ed, 2001) (“ _Gutteridge_ ”) at para 4-100 observes, a
negotiation credit is:

… _an invitation to_ a named bank or _banks generally_ (as stipulated in the
credit) _to act on the credit by purchasing the benefit of it from the
beneficiary_ against the promise of the issuing bank to pay in accordance with
the terms of the credit on presentation of the documents. [emphasis added]

_Gutteridge_ continues at para 4-102:

A negotiating bank negotiates on the invitation contained in the credit and
_not as an agent_. The credit constitutes an offer, which is accepted when the
negotiating bank acts on it.

Similarly, E McKendrick, _Goode on Commercial Law_ (LexisNexis, 4th ed, 2009)
at p 1070 describes a negotiation credit as:

… an undertaking not merely to S [the original beneficiary of the credit] but
also those negotiating S’s draft and/or documents. Such a credit is known as a
negotiation credit and its effect is that anyone who, pursuant to the
authority in the credit, negotiates S’s drafts in good faith and in reliance
on the credit may call upon [the issuing bank]… to honour the draft, provided
that this is accompanied by documents presented in accordance with the credit
and in apparent good order at the time the draft was purchased.

…

_Thus negotiation involves the purchase… of draft and/or documents, and with
it, the entitlement to present the documents and collect payment in its own
right at the due date_. _The original beneficiary, S, receives payment for the
drafts and documents, not payment under the credit and then drops out of the
picture, being replaced as beneficiary by the negotiating bank_.

[emphasis added]

86 In light of the foregoing, I was certain, therefore, that regardless which
of the two scenarios I have described at [78] and [79] above represented the
true state of affairs, KOSB must have negotiated the June L/C to Maybank in
early June 2008, endorsing BL4 as it did so, and that Maybank therefore could
not have been acting on behalf of and as agent for KOSB when Maybank presented
the June B/E and the other relevant documents under the June L/C to BOC on 9
June 2008, but was rather acting as principal in its own right.

Second tranche

87 While I could not in good conscience have acceded to a version of the facts
which the parties were not disputing but which I believed to be wrong, neither
would it have been in the interests of justice for me to have rendered a
decision without first hearing what the parties had to say about my views.
Accordingly, on 6 June 2011 I informed the parties that in the absence of
evidence to the contrary, I was likely to find that, _inter alia_ :

(a) BL4 had been held by Felda or Maybank (whether as collecting agent or
pledgee) up to about 9 June 2008 and that at some earlier point Felda had
endorsed BL4 in blank to Maybank.

(b) Maybank in turn endorsed BL4 to KOSB and KOSB then negotiated the June L/C
to Maybank, endorsing BL4 in blank as it did so.

(c) On 9 June 2008, Maybank acting as principal sent BL4 and the other
relevant documents to BOC for negotiation and payment under the June L/C.

I should add that I was still operating on the assumption that either one of
the two scenarios I have described at [78] and [79] above represented the true
state of affairs, _ie_ , Felda had not been paid by KOSB and Maybank had quite
possibly financed the Felda Contract.

88 On the basis of these proposed findings, I invited submissions from the
parties on the following issues:

(a) The validity and effect of KOSB’s endorsement of BL4 in blank in light of
what KOSB knew at the time (see [71] above).

(b) Whether BOC was subrogated to the rights of Felda or Maybank.

(c) Whether there was any need for BOC to revive its claim in conversion.

The reason I asked for submissions on the latter two issues was because, in my
view, either Felda (on the first scenario) or Maybank (on the second scenario)
would have been entitled to the BL4 Cargo on the Discharge Date, and Universal
would likely have been liable to one of them in conversion for discharging the
BL4 Cargo without requiring production of BL4, and furthermore I entertained
the possibility that BOC might have been subrogated to the rights of either
Felda or Maybank on the authority of some of the statements made by Channell J
in _London Joint Stock_ , a case on which Mr Gurbani had relied strongly (see
[64] above).

89 In response to my directions of 6 June 2011, BOC tendered its submissions
on 11 July 2011. In essence, Ms Ang argued that KOSB’s endorsement of BL4 was
ineffective, that BOC was subrogated to the rights of Maybank and/or Felda,
and that BOC also had a cause of action in conversion. These submissions were
made on the assumption (which I also entertained) that Maybank had likely
financed the Felda Contract (_ie_ , the second scenario at [79] above). More
importantly, BOC had all along assumed (as had I) that BL4 had been in
circulation within the banking system until about early June 2008 (probably
after the June L/C had been opened) when it apparently came into KOSB’s
possession and was endorsed in blank by KOSB. After Ms Ang tendered her
submissions, however, on 18 July 2011 Universal belatedly asked for directions
to introduce thirty new documents from KOSB in evidence to show, inter alia,
that Maybank had not in fact financed the Felda Contract at all, and that BL4
had come out of circulation much earlier, in early April 2008.

Third tranche

The new documentary evidence is admitted

90 Universal’s new documentary evidence from KOSB was clearly relevant and
necessary for the just and fair disposal of the issues, and it was admitted
without much difficulty, since Ms Ang was not challenging the authenticity and
contents of the new documents, which included, _inter alia_ :

(a) The terms of the Felda Contract (the Felda Contract was in fact two
separate contracts, but nothing turns on this), signed by Christopher
Chai.[note: 83]

(b) A bill of exchange dated 23 March 2008 drawn by Felda on KOSB payable to
the order of Maybank (the “March B/E”).[note: 84]

(c) A collection order which revealed that Maybank was in receipt of the March
B/E and the relevant documents (including BL4) by 1 April 2008, and that
Maybank’s instructions to its Sabah branch were to deliver the relevant
documents against payment.[note: 85]

(d) A collection order dated 2 April 2008 from Maybank’s Sabah branch to KOSB
which revealed that Maybank’s Sabah branch was ready to present the relevant
documents (including BL4) to KOSB.[note: 86] In the same document, Maybank
asked KOSB for signed authorisation to debit the latter’s account to settle
the March B/E.

(e) KOSB’s authorisation (signed by Steve Kwan and K H Chong) on a copy of the
collection order, allowing Maybank to debit its current account (to pay Felda
for the Cargo purchased by KOSB under the Felda Contract), which Maybank did
on 4 April 2008.[note: 87]

(f) KOSB acknowledged receipt of the relevant documents (including BL4) on 4
April 2008.[note: 88]

(g) A “Documentary Collection and/or Negotiation Form” dated 9 June 2008,
signed by Steve Kwan and K H Chong.[note: 89]

(h) An e-mail exchange dated 2 August 2011 between Sophia Wang and one Chong
Thien Wu (“T W Chong”), the Operations Manager of KOSB, wherein T W Chong
sought clarification of “any correspondence from… Zhongguang regarding the
change of shipment month from 31 Mar 2008 [t]o 30 Jun 2008…”, to which Sophia
Wang replied that, “Ningbo [_ie_ , Shanke] Ms.Xu [_ie_ , Xu Feng Zheng]
advised to amend shipment… so that bank could open [letter of credit]… Other
item remain [_sic_] unchanged”.[note: 90]

Significance of the new documentary evidence

91 The admission of the new documentary evidence meant that a number of
inaccurate assumptions held during the first tranche of the proceedings could
now be corrected, and that many of the unanswered questions I highlighted at
[69] above were now capable of being cautiously, if not confidently,
explained.

(1) Wrong assumptions corrected

92 It is now known, for instance, that contrary to my views in the first
tranche (see [79] above), no financing was required from Maybank in respect of
the Felda Contract, and that KOSB paid Felda for the Cargo on 4 April 2008
from its own funds. The movement of BL4 was therefore completely different
from what BOC and I had initially envisioned:

(a) Whereas it was previously thought that Felda had endorsed BL4 in blank any
time in or before early June 2008, it is now known that Felda had in fact
endorsed BL4 in blank much earlier, on or before 1 April 2008.

(b) Whereas it was previously thought that, between 23 March 2008 to early
June 2008, BL4 was being held either by Felda, by Maybank _qua_ Felda’s
collecting agent, or by Maybank _qua_ pledgee, it is now known that Felda only
held BL4 up to about 1 April 2008, before sending it to Maybank _qua_ Felda’s
collecting agent, and that Maybank in that capacity only held BL4 up to about
2 or 3 April 2008.

(c) Whereas it was previously thought that Maybank had endorsed BL4 to KOSB in
early June 2008 (either as Felda’s collecting agent or as pledgee in its own
right), it is now known that Maybank in fact endorsed BL4 to KOSB on or before
2 April 2008. It would therefore appear that Maybank endorsed BL4 in its
capacity as Felda’s collecting agent, although why it should have done that
remains a mystery to me.

(d) Most importantly, whereas it was previously thought that BL4 had always
been in circulation in the banking system from 23 March to early June 2008, it
is now known that it had in fact come out of circulation on 4 April 2008 when
it was received from Maybank by KOSB, and that KOSB then seems to have
retained BL4 up to early June 2008. I do not accept that BL4 ever left KOSB’s
possession between 4 April and early June 2008: in particular, I do not accept
that BL4 ever found its way back to Universal during this period (see [109]
below).

(e) Whereas it was previously thought that KOSB had endorsed BL4 in blank in
early June 2008, it is now clear that the endorsement took place between 4
April and early June 2008. I remain of the view (see [86] above), however,
that KOSB must have negotiated the June L/C to Maybank in early June 2008, and
I am inclined to think that KOSB’s blank endorsement of BL4 was part of that
process and therefore probably took place in early June 2008 (see [101]
below), for I can think of no reason why KOSB would endorse BL4 in blank
before that date, since there is no evidence that any other negotiation or
transfer of BL4 was in contemplation (save for KOSB’s promise under its LOI to
return BL4 to Universal, but KOSB would not have needed to endorse BL4 for
that purpose).

(2) Unanswered questions explained

93 In addition, as a result of the new evidence, I am now in a position to
make some sense of what must have happened in the critical months of March,
April and June 2008 to have led to the present proceedings.

94 As I still have not been furnished evidence as to what happened to the
Zhongguang Contract after Zhongguang failed to open a letter of credit seven
days before shipment as required, I find that the Zhongguang Contract
continued to subsist and that, for reasons best known to it, KOSB allowed the
BL4 Cargo to be shipped on or around 23 March 2008, despite Zhongguang not
having opened the letter of credit.

95 Sometime around 23 March 2008, the BL4 Cargo was quantified at 2,999.901
mt, and the 16 January 2008 invoice (which reflected that quantity) must then
have been issued and backdated (see [22] above). Sophia Wang’s oral testimony
was to the effect that the 16 January 2008 invoice had been prepared by Dongma
for customs purposes only,[note: 91] though she also testified that that
another invoice would be issued by Dongma’s “head office” (_ie_ , KOSB) for
the purposes of opening a letter of credit, though the contents of both
invoices would be the same.[note: 92] I am not entirely convinced that the 16
January 2008 invoice was only for customs purposes, and in the absence of
further evidence to the contrary, I am prepared to infer that the payment term
in 16 January 2008 invoice was different from that found in the Zhongguang
Contract because by the time the former was issued, Zhongguang had not opened
a letter of credit as required and the BL4 Cargo had already been shipped, and
that a plausible and reasonable explanation for the difference in payment
terms is that KOSB and Zhongguang must have agreed to vary the mode of payment
in respect of the BL4 Cargo to “100% cash against documents via Buyer’s
Nominated Banks” (which also perhaps explains why KOSB did not terminate the
Zhongguang Contract and allowed the BL4 Cargo to be shipped and delivered on
90-day credit terms, as K H Chong’s evidence in the fourth tranche
suggested[note: 93]). As there is no evidence, however, that any of the other
terms of the Zhongguang Contract had been varied, KOSB was still obliged to
give Zhongguang 90 days’ worth of credit, and when the Cargo (including the
BL4 Cargo) was shipped in March 2008 on board the _Dolphina_ KOSB was
therefore probably still expecting to be paid for the BL4 Cargo, though in the
absence of further evidence I am unable to say what payment date was in
contemplation.

96 As KOSB had yet to pay Felda for the Cargo by the Discharge Date, it was
not then in possession of the bills of lading, hence the recourse by both
Dongma and KOSB to their respective LOIs in order that Universal would
discharge the Cargo. After KOSB paid Felda on 4 April 2008, however, it came
into possession of BL4, and thereafter retained it while, I infer, awaiting
payment from Zhongguang in respect of the BL4 Cargo. In the meantime, to the
knowledge and probably with the consent of KOSB, the Cargo (including the BL4
Cargo) was steadily being released from Huanan’s shore tanks to the various
end-buyers.

97 The e-mail exchange between Sophia Wang and T W Chong revealed that Shanke
had apparently initiated the creation of the Good Copy, in order that BOC
would approve Zhongguang’s application for the June L/C, presumably to pay
KOSB in respect of the Zhongguang Contract and the BL4 Cargo. On this basis, I
am prepared to infer that around early June 2008, it must have transpired that
cash payment by Zhongguang to KOSB was not going to be possible, and that a
decision was then made that Zhongguang would open a letter of credit with BOC
(_ie_ , the June L/C). This appears to have been a reversion to the mode of
payment prescribed under the Zhongguang Contract (albeit highly delayed), but
whether that was truly what had been agreed between KOSB and Zhongguang is
somewhat immaterial: in my view the true motivation for opening the June L/C
was to protect KOSB’s commercial interests by transferring its loss onto an
unsuspecting third party financial institution like BOC.

98 I find that there was quite clearly bad faith and fraud involved in the
opening of the June L/C, on the basis of what I consider to be the following
overwhelming evidence:

(a) In order to open the June L/C, Zhongguang had to provide BOC with a copy
of the Zhongguang Contract.[note: 94] This was obviously a problem, since it
is most unlikely that BOC would have approved the June L/C had it known that
it was financing a transaction that had been completed months earlier, and
that it would in all probability have no recourse to the BL4 Cargo in the
event that it was not reimbursed by Zhongguang. Consequently, the Zhongguang
Contract had to be doctored.

(b) The e-mail exchange between Sophia Wang and T W Chong indicates that the
Good Copy was not the result of some administrative oversight or innocent
error (not that I considered such a thing likely in any event), but a
premeditated and deliberate effort orchestrated with the singular purpose of
inducing BOC’s approval of the opening of the June L/C.

(c) The e-mail exchange also indicates quite strongly that there was
complicity between Zhongguang and KOSB in the creation of the Good Copy.

(d) Even apart from the e-mail exchange, however, are the facts that the Good
Copy was signed by KOSB’s General Manager, Christopher Chai (and not some
minor functionary), and impressed with Zhongguang’s company seal (which, I am
prepared to infer, was done by Zhongguang’s legal representative, who would
typically be the keeper of the company seal). The evidence in fact goes
considerably further than this, because there is a copy of the Good Copy with
_only_ Christopher Chai’s signature,[note: 95] demonstrating that the Good
Copy must have been prepared and signed by KOSB before being passed to
Zhongguang for its execution.

I conclude and I find as a fact that the Good Copy was executed by KOSB and
Zhongguang, on the advice Xu Feng Zheng of Shanke, for the express purpose of
duping BOC into approving the opening of the June L/C. The Good Copy was
undeniably a sham document, as that term is classically understood, because it
was intended by KOSB and Zhongguang to give to third parties (in particular,
BOC) “the appearance of creating between [them] legal rights and obligations
different from the actual legal rights and obligations… which [they] intend to
create” (_Snook v London & West Riding Investments Limited_ [1967] 2 QB 786 at
802 (per Diplock LJ)); as between them KOSB and Zhongguang continued to
operate on the basis of the Zhongguang Contract.

99 At one point in his submissions that BOC did not acquire any rights of suit
against Universal in relation to BL4, Mr Gurbani faintly suggested that BOC
must have known that the BL4 Cargo had been shipped on or around 23 March 2008
and that it was not going to be shipped in June 2008 (as provided for in the
Good Copy), because, _inter alia_ , BOC allowed, in Mr Gurbani’s words, “an
extraordinarily long time of 100 days for presentation of [the relevant
documents under the June L/C] from date of shipment”,[note: 96] when the
normal presentation period provided for in the UCP 600 is only 21 days.
Although he did not say so in terms, Mr Gurbani’s argument implies that BOC
was somehow aware of the existence of the Zhongguang Contact, and therefore
that the shipment date provided for in the Good Copy was not intended to be
acted upon. This argument, based as it is on unarticulated and speculative
inferences, is so completely against the weight of the clear and direct
evidence given by BOC’s witnesses that I reject it entirely.

100 I therefore find that, when the June L/C was being opened, BOC was
ignorant of the fact that the BL4 Cargo had already been shipped in March
2008, and similarly that, at all relevant times, BOC never knew of or saw the
Zhongguang Contract providing for such shipment.

101 Although BOC was thus successfully fooled into approving the June L/C, I
remain of the view that, after paying Felda for the Cargo, KOSB must have been
unable or unwilling to wait an additional 90 days for payment under the June
L/C, thereby deciding to negotiate the June L/C and the relevant documents to
Maybank. I consider that the Documentary Collection and/or Negotiation Form
dated 9 June 2008 provides strong corroborative evidence of this negotiation,
because KOSB instructed Maybank that, upon “negotiation/discount of this bill
[_ie_ , the June B/E]”, the proceeds therefrom were to be credited to KOSB’s
account with Maybank, and the account was accordingly credited for
US$3,414,487.32 the very next day on 10 June 2008. In order for the June L/C
to be successfully negotiated to Maybank, however, all the relevant documents
had to be in order, _ie_ , KOSB had to provide Maybank with a “signed
commercial invoice” indicating the serial number of the June L/C and a full
set of BL4, made out to order and “blank endorsed” (see [43] above). The 16
January 2008 invoice would not do, since it indicated a different payment term
of “100% cash against documents via Buyer’s Nominated Banks”, and I therefore
find that the 24 March 2008 invoice (which, incidentally, was signed by
Christopher Chai), had to have been created and backdated around this time. In
addition, I find that BL4 must have been endorsed in blank by KOSB around this
time, in early June 2008.

102 The June L/C was thereby successfully negotiated to Maybank, so that when
Maybank presented the June B/E drawn under the June L/C and relevant documents
to BOC on 9 June 2008, it was doing so in its own right and not on behalf of
KOSB (see [86] above).

103 What happened thereafter has already been traversed, but the new evidence
did throw up one further significant development: that KOSB’s account had been
credited again in September 2008 for US$3,414,362.32, apparently as payment of
the June B/E drawn under the June L/C (as denoted by Maybank’s internal
reference number “9916WAM1907793” and KOSB’s internal reference number
“SS/RPL1066/08” (see [23] and [48] above)). This second payment has never been
satisfactorily explained,[note: 97] but I surmise that what must have happened
is that the June L/C was negotiated to Maybank on a full recourse basis,[note:
98] and that, after BOC informed Maybank on 17 June 2008 of its suspicions
(see [58] above), Maybank must have exercised its right of recourse against
KOSB to unwind its payment of US$3,414,487.32 to KOSB on 10 June 2008, and
that the crediting of KOSB’s account for US$3,414,362.32 in September 2008
represented payment by BOC under the June B/E (see [60] above).

Why did the new evidence come to light so late?

104 I cannot over-emphasise the significance of the thirty new documents, as
well as the effect they had on the case, and I must express my extreme
dissatisfaction that this evidence from KOSB appeared so late in the day.
Indeed, I cannot help wondering whether something sinister lurks behind
Universal’s selective and delayed disclosure, especially when it is borne in
mind that Steve Kwan had, in resisting BOC’s application for summary judgment,
sworn an affidavit deposing that KOSB had been in possession of BL4 on or
about 28 March 2008 (which, if true, would have provided Universal with a
complete defence to BOC’s action for misdelivery),[note: 99] a claim that was
now completely contradicted by Universal’s new evidence which revealed that
KOSB had come into possession of BL4 only after the Discharge Date of 1 April
2008. The wealth of information contained in the thirty new documents also
contrasts sharply with the paucity of Universal’s evidence during the first
tranche of the proceedings, on which I have already commented (see [65]
above).

105 It was never satisfactorily explained to me why the thirty new documents
were not disclosed earlier, as they were plainly relevant to the arguments
canvassed by Universal in the first tranche. Mr Gurbani claims that the new
documents were not then relevant since Universal merely had to meet BOC’s
pleaded case, and their disclosure was only necessitated to correct my
misapprehension of the true state of affairs during the second tranche. I
disagree, for it was obvious even at the first tranche of the proceedings that
much would turn on when the various endorsements on BL4 had been made
(especially since Universal itself was arguing that it had correctly delivered
the BL4 Cargo to the person entitled to it), and that having sight of these
new documents from KOSB would have assisted me in making important findings of
fact in relation thereto. In addition, in my view there is no reason why this
evidence could not have emerged soon after I gave directions on 6 June 2011
for further submissions, rather than on 18 July 2011, _after_ Ms Ang had
already returned with submissions on the issue of subrogation pursuant to my
directions, with the consequence that Ms Ang’s efforts were rendered entirely
futile, since (as I explain at [184] below) the new documents completely
destroyed any possibility of BOC being subrogated to the rights of Felda or
Maybank.

BOC amends its pleadings

106 In any event, on 15 August 2011, Ms Ang made an oral application to amend
BOC’s pleadings to include a claim in civil conspiracy, reflecting BOC’s
reaction to the new evidence which had come to light and which necessitated a
radical shift in BOC’s case. After numerous adjournments and delays, I finally
heard the application in late September 2011, where Ms Ang asked for some
latitude on the basis that the new evidence revealed BOC to have been a victim
of a fraud to which Universal had been privy, and that Universal ought not in
fairness to be allowed to get away with what it had done with impunity.
Unsurprisingly, Mr Gurbani vigorously resisted Ms Ang’s application,
contending first that, as a jurisdictional matter, a claim in conspiracy did
not fall within s 3(1)(_g_) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act
(Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (the “HCAJA”); and second, that BOC’s application to
amend its pleadings came far too long after the trial to be permitted.

107 I did not consider there to be any real force in the jurisdictional point,
for I could not see why the proposed amendment introducing the tort of
conspiracy would offend s 3(1)(_g_) of the HCAJA. As for the lateness of BOC’s
application, it was trite that an amendment which would enable the real issues
between the parties to be tried should be allowed subject to penalties on
costs, if necessary, unless the amendment would cause injustice or injury to
the opposing party which could not be compensated for by costs or otherwise
(_Wright Norman and another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [1993] 3
SLR(R) 640 at [6]). If these requirements were satisfied, an amendment to the
pleadings might even be allowed after the conclusion of the trial (see _Tang
Chay Seng v Tung Yang Wee Arthur_ [2010] 4 SLR 1020 (“ _Tang Chay Seng_ ”)).
It is of course true that in _Tang Chay Seng_ (perhaps the closest case to the
present), Tan Lee Meng J differentiated between “an amendment that merely
clarifies an issue in dispute and one that raises totally different issues at
too late a stage” (citing _Ketteman and others v Hansel Properties Ltd and
others_ [1987] 1 AC 189 at 220 (per Lord Griffiths)), and that no new evidence
was required in relation to the proposed amendment, whereas in the present
case it could arguably be said that the proposed amendment raised a totally
different issue and clearly required (and indeed had been precipitated by) new
evidence. Nonetheless, a number of considerations impelled me to allow BOC’s
application:

(a) Central to Mr Gurbani’s objection was the point that there had already
been sufficient material before the court for BOC to have pleaded a claim in
conspiracy. Mr Gurbani submitted that the common directorships of Alvin Kwan
and Steve Kwan had been raised during the first tranche of the proceedings,
with the questions asked by Ms Ang (in Mr Gurbani’s words) “veering to
conspiracy”, and that BOC was now “bringing things which long existed at the
trial”. In short, according to Mr Gurbani, it had always been BOC’s case that
KOSB and Universal’s directors were working in concert. That being so, it
seemed to me that Mr Gurbani himself tacitly accepted that conspiracy was an
issue in dispute, which BOC’s proposed amendment would clarify, rather than a
completely different issue as such.

(b) Given that it was Universal which had so belatedly introduced the new
evidence in the first place, I was of the view that it lay ill in Universal’s
mouth to now allege that the lateness of BOC’s proposed amendment was fatal
because it required the investigation of new evidence to determine (especially
when most of the evidence to be investigated was that adduced by Universal).
For the same reasons, I would not have countenanced any submission that the
proposed amendment caused prejudice to Universal, and to his credit Mr Gurbani
did not press the point.

(c) This was an exceptional case in which the discovery of evidence given by
Universal has been selective, to say the least, and because of the highly
unusual route by which this evidence was eventually disclosed.

Fourth tranche

108 Some time then had to be set aside for Universal to call witnesses to
respond to BOC’s conspiracy allegation, and in this regard I heard K H Chong’s
testimony over the course of two days.

109 Like Alvin Kwan, K H Chong turned out to be an exceedingly uninformed
witness, claiming that his only involvement as a director of Universal was to
lend his name to its incorporation, and that he had otherwise no knowledge of
how Universal was run, its business, its employees, or indeed almost anything
to do with the matters with which this action is concerned. Nonetheless, K H
Chong’s evidence confirmed what I already suspected (_viz_ , that BL4 was
retained by KOSB from 4 April to early June 2008 and not returned to Universal
as required under the terms of KOSB’s LOI), for he testified, _inter alia_ ,
that while he did not know what became of BL4 after KOSB received it from
Maybank on 4 April 2008, he considered it unlikely that BL4 was returned to
Universal, and that it was more likely that BL4 was kept by KOSB as it had not
been paid for the BL4 Cargo.

110 Finally, both parties’ closing submissions on the conspiracy claim were
addressed to me, and I was once again obliged to reserve my judgment in order
to take into account all the new developments, evidence and submissions, and
the impact they had on the case.

Issues

111 Having thus clarified the facts, and the procedural history of this case,
it is now possible to crystallise the issues that I have to decide:

(a) BOC’s claim for breach of contract:

(i) The proper law of BL4

(ii) Whether Universal was in breach of contract by delivering the BL4 Cargo
without production of BL4

(iii) Whether BOC acquired any rights of suit under BL4

(b) BOC’s claim for civil conspiracy

(i) Lawful means conspiracy

(ii) Unlawful means conspiracy

BOC’s Claim for Breach of Contract

112 BOC has not abandoned its original claim for breach of the contract of
carriage by Universal for misdelivery without production of BL4, and a
preliminary question which arises is what the proper law of the contract is. I
in fact decided this issue quite early in the first tranche (see [62] above),
and I now give my reasons for doing so.

The proper law of BL4

113 Ms Ang’s position was that the contract of carriage, contained in or
evidenced by BL4, was governed by English law, while Mr Gurbani submitted that
the contract was governed by Malaysian law. Both parties tendered expert
evidence to support their respective positions, but in determining the proper
law of BL4, I had to apply Singapore’s own conflicts of law rules, and the
opinions of expert witnesses would be, and indeed were, heavily discounted
(see generally the observations of Aikens J in _Primetrade AG v Ythan Ltd (The
“Ythan”)_ [2006] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 457 (“ _The Ythan_ ”)) at 462).

114 Singapore adopts the three-stage test as explained in _Overseas Union
Insurance Ltd v Turegum Insurance Co_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 285 at [82], and
affirmed by the Court of Appeal in _Pacific Recreation_ at [36]:

The first stage is to examine the contract itself to determine whether it
states expressly what the governing law should be. In the absence of an
express provision one moves to the second stage which is to see whether the
intention of the parties as to the governing law can be inferred from the
circumstances. If this cannot be done, the third stage is to determine with
which system of law the contract has its most close and real connection.

Express choice of law in BL4

115 It was not in dispute that there was no explicit reference in BL4 to the
governing law, however, BL4 expressly incorporated the terms of the February
Charterparty as follows:[note: 100]

This shipment is carried under and pursuant to the terms of the Charter dated
19 February 2008 between [Universal] as owner and [KOSB] as [charterer], and
all conditions, liberties and exceptions whatsoever of the said Charter apply
to and govern the rights of parties concerned in this shipment.

Clause 32 of the February Charterparty expressly stated:[note: 101]

THIS CP TO BE GOVERNED BY ENGLISH LAW.

116 The question, therefore, was whether the words of incorporation in BL4
were apt to incorporate cl 32 of the February Charterparty. If they were, it
would amount to an express choice of law (see R Aikens, R Lord and M Bools,
_Bills of Lading_ (Informa, 2006) at para 14.10).

(1) BOC’s arguments

117 Ms Ang argued that, on the authority of _Pacific Molasses Co and United
Molasses Trading Co Ltd v Entre Rios Compania Naviera SA (The “San Nicholas”)_
[1976] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 8 (“ _The San Nicholas_ ”), it was settled that where
there were general words incorporating charterparty terms into a bill of
lading, they would be sufficient to incorporate an express choice of law
clause in the charterparty.

118 Ms Ang’s argument rested on the premise that the word “conditions” in BL4
was to be given a wide meaning, so as to include all terms or provisions
unless they were of a particular type (such as an arbitration clause)
requiring specific words of incorporation, and that a choice of law clause
(like cl 32 of the February Charterparty) was on this approach to be
considered a “condition”.

(2) Universal’s arguments

119 Mr Gurbani argued that there was no express choice of law in BL4 by way of
incorporation of cl 32 of the February Charterparty because cl 32 was not a
“condition” (which, in this branch of the law, Mr Gurbani argued, meant only
those matters which have to be dealt with by both the shipowner and the
consignee in relation to the carriage, discharge and delivery of the cargo),
nor was it a liberty or exception clause. Rather, relying on _Siboti K/S v B P
France SA_ [2003] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 364 (“ _The Siboti_ ”), it was an ancillary
provision, much like an arbitration or jurisdiction clause, which could not be
incorporated into BL4 by general words of incorporation such as “all terms
whatsoever”, but required specific or express wording.

120 Mr Gurbani further submitted that, even if such general words could _prima
facie_ incorporate cl 32, such incorporation would be defeated due to
“linguistic inapplicability” (_ie_ , the clause to be incorporated from the
charterparty does not fit the bill of lading) because cl 32 specifically
referred only to the “CP” (_ie_ , the February Charterparty) and was therefore
not intended to apply to BL4.

(3) My decision

121 I was not persuaded by Mr Gurbani’s submissions. First of all, I agreed
with Ms Ang that Mr Gurbani’s reliance on _The Siboti_ was misplaced.

122 The relevant clause in the charterparty in that case was cl 49, which
provided:

49\. GOVERNING LAW/DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Charter Party…, the parties
hereby agree as follows:

(a)This Charter Party shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with,
and governed by, the laws of England…

(b)Subject to subclause (c) below, any dispute of whatsoever nature arising
under this Charter Party shall be determined by the English [Court]… and the
parties hereby expressly submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English…
Courts…

(c)Notwithstanding the foregoing… either party may… elect to have any such
dispute referred (and exclusively determined by)… arbitration in London…

(d)…

(e)All bills of lading under this Charter Party shall incorporate this
exclusive dispute resolution clause…

As can be seen, cl 49(a) was the choice of law clause and cl 49(b) was the
exclusive jurisdiction clause, which was the principal issue in _The Siboti_.
Ms Ang was quite right that cl 49(a) was never in issue, because Gross J in
_The Siboti_ was considering cl 49(b) and not cl 49(a). That this was so could
be seen from [48] of _The Siboti_ , where Gross J held that cll 49(b) and (e)
were provisions ancillary to the subject-matter of the bill of lading: in
contrast, there was no such ruling on cl 49(a).

123 Second, not only was _The Siboti_ not an authority for the proposition
that a choice of law clause is an ancillary clause, there was, as Ms Ang
pointed out, clear authority that a choice of law clause could be incorporated
by general words of incorporation. _Bills of Lading_ at para 14.10 says so in
terms, and the learned authors refer to _The San Nicholas_ for that
proposition.

124 In _The San Nicholas_ , the incorporation clause in the bill of lading
read:

This shipment is carried under and pursuant to the terms of the Charter dated
[blank] at [blank] between [blank] and [blank] as Charterer, and all the terms
whatsoever of the said Charter except for the rate and payment of freight
specified therein apply to and govern the rights of the parties concerned in
this shipment.

It was argued that the clause was meaningless, as no charterparty (let alone
the head charter, which was what was sought to be incorporated) had been
identified. The English Court of Appeal rejected this argument, and held that
the head charter was the applicable charterparty. The question then arose as
to whether an express choice of law clause in the head charter, providing that
“[t]his Contract shall be governed by the laws of England”, was incorporated
into the bill of lading.

125 Lord Denning MR held that it was, and (at 12) his Lordship drew a clear
distinction between an arbitration clause in the charterparty, which would not
be incorporated into the bill of lading in the absence of specific words, and
a “clause which defines the proper law of the contract”, which would (citing
_The Njegos_ [1936] 1 P 90).

126 In _The Njegos_ , cargo was damaged by fire on board the vessel, and the
cargo owners alleged that the ship was unseaworthy. A preliminary point arose
as to the proper law of the bills of lading, which the cargo owners argued was
English law, while the shipowner submitted was Yugoslavian law, the law of the
flag. It was common ground, however, that the proper law of the charterparty
(which was in the Centrocon form) was English law (because the charterparty
provided for arbitration in London), and that the bills of lading incorporated
“all the terms, conditions and exceptions” of the charterparty, “including the
negligence clause”. It was therefore not disputed that one of the clauses of
the charterparty that was incorporated into the bills of lading was cl 29,
which provided that the ship:

… shall not be liable for loss or damage occasioned by… perils of the sea…
fire from any cause occurring… or any latent defects in… appurtenances… even
when occasioned by the negligence, default or error of judgment of the…
master, mariners or other servants of the shipowners…

What was in dispute was whether cl 29 of the charterparty was to be
incorporated into the bills of lading entirely isolated from its context and
with no indication of the proper law governing the contract from which it was
taken; or whether it was to be incorporated as an extract of a contract to
which English law was known to be applicable.

127 Sir Boyd Merriman rightly favoured the latter approach, for his Lordship
considered it absurd to ignore the proper law of the charterparty when a term
such as the exceptions clause, which was directly material to the shipment,
carriage and delivery of the cargo (and therefore a “condition”, as Mr Gurbani
would have me understand the term), was sought to be incorporated into the
bill of lading. Sir Boyd stated (at 104):

I do not myself profess to understand how anyone contracting on the basis that
the liabilities of the shipowner in connection with the receipt, carriage and
delivery of the cargo are subject to the exceptions contained in a separate
document, can know the terms on which he is contracting, unless and until he
informs himself as to the system of law by which those exceptions are
governed.

On this basis, in the absence of any evidence to the contrary, his Lordship
considered that, as a matter of business efficacy, the parties were to be
presumed to have intended that the proper law of the bills of lading
incorporating the relevant terms of the charterparty was to be the same as
that of the charterparty itself, _viz_ , English law.

128 The incorporation clause in BL4, with its reference to “all conditions,
liberties and exceptions whatsoever of [the February Charterparty]”, was wide
enough to incorporate all provisions of the February Charterparty which are
directly germane and material to the shipment, carriage and delivery of the
BL4 Cargo (_ie_ , all “conditions”). By virtue of cl 32 of the February
Charterparty, those provisions would be governed by English law. I agreed with
Sir Boyd Merriman that it would not be sensible to incorporate those
provisions into BL4 but ignore the fact that they were intended (in their
original setting in the February Charterparty) to be governed by English law.
Indeed, I was prepared to go further and conclude that cl 32 was itself a
“condition”, for it provided a system of law by which the other conditions
(_ie_ , provisions in respect of the shipment, carriage and delivery of the
BL4 Cargo) were to be construed for their meaning, scope and effect. That BL4
and the February Charterparty related to the same voyage by the same carrier
also meant that it made good commercial sense for its rights and obligations
as carrier against the original and any later holder of the bill of lading to
be, as far as possible, the same as its rights and obligations against the
charterer. Consequently, as in _The Njegos_ , I held that the only sensible
inference to be drawn from the terms of the February Charterparty and BL4, in
the circumstances of this case, was that the parties intended to choose
English law as the law governing both contracts.

129 Third, I did not accept that the incorporation of cl 32 of the February
Charterparty was defeated because it was “linguistically inapplicable” to BL4,
as Mr Gurbani argued. This idea finds its expression in a statement by Lord
Robson in _T W Thomas & Co, Limited v Portsea Steamship Company, Limited_
[1912] 1 AC 1 (“ _Thomas v Portsea_ ”) at 10, that:

… the terms of the charterparty when incorporated or written into the bill of
lading shall not be insensible or inapplicable to the document in which they
are inserted…

_Thomas v Portsea_ , however, was concerned with the incorporation of an
arbitration clause (which, as _The Siboti_ and _The San Nicholas_ demonstrate,
cannot normally be effected by general words of incorporation) and was
therefore quite a different case from the present.

130 A similar sentiment was expressed by Lord Diplock in _Miramar Maritime
Corporation v Holborn Oil Trading Ltd_ [1984] 1 AC 676 (“ _The Miramar_ ”) at
687 to 688:

My Lords, in 22 of the 26 clauses in [the charterparty] _there are express
references to contractual rights or obligations of “the Charterer” under that
designation_. I can see no business reason for verbal manipulation of that
designation in any of those clauses so as to substitute for the words “the
Charterer”, or to include within that expression, “the consignee” or “holder
of a bill of lading”…

…

… this House should take this opportunity of stating unequivocally that, where
in a bill of lading there is included a clause which purports to incorporate
the terms of a specified charter-party, there is not any rule of construction
that clauses in that charter-party which are directly germane to the shipment,
carriage or delivery of goods _and impose obligations upon the “charterer”
under that designation_ , are presumed to be incorporated in the bill of
lading with the substitution of… or inclusion in… the designation “charterer”,
the designation “consignee of the cargo” or “bill of lading holder”.

[emphasis added]

The italicised portions of the quotation indicate quite clearly why _The
Miramar_ had no application to the present situation: the House of Lords
refused to “verbally manipulate” the term “charterer” so as to substitute or
include the term “bill of lading holder” because to do so would result in a
change in pre-existing and agreed contractual liabilities, by transferring the
obligation to pay demurrage from the charterer to the consignee when the
obligation to pay demurrage was, on the facts of _The Miramar_ , the
charterer’s alone. Incorporating cl 32 of the February Charterparty into BL4,
however, would result in no such alteration of the parties’ pre-existing
contractual obligations; it simply enabled those obligations to be understood
and given effect to.

131 I therefore decided that cl 32 of the February Charterparty was
incorporated into BL4 with some manipulation of the term “CP” in cl 32 by
adding the words “or bill of lading” (rather than replacing the term “CP” with
“bill of lading”, as suggested by Ms Ang), in order for it to fit BL4 exactly
(see to similar effect _The Annefield_ [1971] 1 P 168 at 184 to 185 (per Lord
Denning MR)). I did not regard this result as being repugnant to or
inconsistent with the other terms in BL4: for instance, the lien clause
printed on the front page of BL4 similarly states that “[t]he Owners shall
have an absolute lien on the cargo for all… monies due _under the above
mentioned Charter_ _or under this Bill of Lading_ ” [emphasis added].

132 For these reasons, I concluded that the general words of incorporation in
BL4 were apt to incorporate cl 32 of the February Charterparty into BL4, which
incorporation amounted to an express choice of applicable law, and that the
proper law of BL4 was English law.

Inferred choice of law and real and close connection

133 Given my conclusion above, it was not necessary to explore the other limbs
of the three-stage test set out at [114] above.

Whether Universal was in breach of contract by delivering the BL4 Cargo
without production of BL4

134 The next question, therefore, is whether Universal was, as of the
Discharge Date, in breach of the contract of carriage contained in or
evidenced by BL4 by delivering the BL4 Cargo without requiring the production
of the original set of BL4.

135 Ms Ang’s argument (relying on my own decision in _BNP Paribas v Bandung
Shipping Pte Ltd (Shweta International Pte Ltd and another, third parties)_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 611 (“ _BNP Paribas_ ”) at [26]) was simple and
straightforward: Universal was contractually obliged not to deliver the BL4
Cargo otherwise than against presentation of BL4.

136 Strictly speaking, Mr Gurbani did not join issue with Ms Ang on the
question of whether Universal was in breach of contract. Mr Gurbani’s
arguments were instead mainly directed towards the issue, considered in the
subsequent section of this judgment, of whether BOC had any right to sue in
respect thereof. Arguably the issue of breach may therefore be said to be
common ground. However, the effect of cl 19 of the February Charterparty,
which authorised Universal to discharge the BL4 Cargo against KOSB’s LOI, was
not adequately addressed to me, and the question which I therefore have to
consider is whether Universal was in breach of contract in delivering the BL4
Cargo without requiring the production of BL4, taking into account cl 19 of
the February Charterparty.

The presentation rule

137 The starting point, in my opinion, has to be the fact that, like most
bills of lading, the standard provision on the front page of BL4 required
delivery of the BL4 Cargo to be effected upon presentation of BL4:[note: 102]

In Witness whereof, the master has signed 3 (THREE) ORIGINALS Bills of Lading
of this tenor and date, one of which being accomplished the others will be
void.

138 Such a clause, as I observed in _BNP Paribas_ (at [26]):

… obliges the [shipowner] to deliver the cargo to the holder of the bill of
lading. Clarke J in _The Sormovskiy 2068_ [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 266 considered
a similar clause and said at 272:

[S]ubject to the terms of the particular contract and save in exceptional
circumstances a shipowner must not deliver the goods otherwise than against
presentation of an original bill of lading. That seems to me to be implicit in
the express provision… that any one of the bills of lading being accomplished
the others to stand void. In my judgment it is implicit in that provision
that, save perhaps in exceptional circumstances, one would expect one of the
bills of lading to be “accomplished” by being presented to the master or
shipowner.

139 “Accomplished” or “accomplishment”, in this context, means completing the
performance of the contract of carriage by delivery of the cargo against the
surrender of one of the original bills of lading (_Glyn Mills Currie & Co v
East and West India Dock Co_ (1882) 7 App Cas 591 at 599). This proposition
was also recognised by Mance LJ in _Motis Exports Ltd v Dampskibsselskabet Af
1912 Aktieselskabet_ [2000] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 211 (“ _Motis Exports_ ”) at 217:
“[t]he “accomplishment” of one of the original bills whereupon any other(s)
stand void contemplates _delivery against its presentation_ ” [emphasis
added].

140 According to Neill LJ in _Kuwait Petroleum Corporation v I & D Oil
Carriers Ltd (The “Houda”)_ [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 541 (“ _The Houda_ ”) at 550,
the presentation rule rests on:

… the general principle that once a bill of lading has been issued only a
holder of the bill can demand delivery of the goods at the port of discharge.
It is because of the existence of this principle that a bill of lading can be
used as a document of title so that the transfer of the document transfers
also the right to demand the cargo from the ship at discharge.

141 If the shipowner does not comply with the presentation rule, he may be
liable for conversion (_Sze Hai Tong Bank Ltd v Rambler Cycle Co Ltd_ [1959] 1
AC 576) and breach of contract (_The Houda_). As Leggatt LJ said in the latter
case (at 553):

Under a bill of lading contract a shipowner is obliged to deliver goods upon
production of the original bill of lading. _Delivery without production of the
bill of lading constitutes a breach of contract even when made to the person
entitled to possession_. [emphasis added]

142 According to Clarke J in Sa Sucre Export v Northern River Shipping Ltd
(The “Sormovskiy 3068”) [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 266 (“The Sormovskiy 3068”) at
274:

It makes commercial sense to have a simple rule that in the absence of an
express term of the contract the master must only deliver the cargo to the
holder of the bill of lading who presents it to him. In that way both the
shipowners and the persons in truth entitled to possession of the cargo are
protected by the terms of the contract.

143 In these circumstances, the important question is whether cl 19 of the
February Charterparty amounts to an express term of the contract varying or
abrogating the presentation rule.

Clause 19 of the February Charterparty

144 KOSB’s LOI of 27 March 2008 was essentially a request by KOSB to Universal
that the Cargo (including the BL4 Cargo) be delivered to Dongma without
production of the original bills of lading (including BL4), and it will be
recalled (see [33] above) that by cl 4 it was agreed that:

If the place at which we [KOSB] have asked you [Universal] to make delivery is
a bulk liquid… terminal or facility, … then delivery to such terminal… shall
be deemed to be delivery to the party to whom we have requested you to make
such delivery [_ie_ , Dongma].

145 This course of action appears to have been expressly authorised by cl 19
of the February Charterparty, which read:

IN THE ABSENCE OF ORIGINAL BL/S AT DISCHARGE PORT, OWNER TO DISCHARGE AND
RELEASE ENTIRE CARGO TO RECEIVERS AGAINST PRESENTATION OF CHRTR’S LOI (FORMAT
TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH OWNER’S PNI CLUB WORDING BUT VALUE OF INDEMNITY TO BE
100PCT CIF VALUE) WITHOUT A FIRST CLASS BANK GUARANTEE OR RECEIVER’S LOI
(FORMAT TO BE IN ACCORDANCE WITH OWNER’S PNI CLUB WORDING BUT VALUE OF
INDEMNITY TO BE 100PCT CIF VALUE) WITH A FIRST CLASS BANK GUARANTEE ACCEPTABLE
TO OWNER.OWNERS TO ENSURE AND ALL CERTIFICATE REQUIRED BY CHINESE PORT
AUTHORITIES ARE OBTAINED BEFORE TENDERING NOTICE OF READINESS AT DISCHPORT(S).

146 I have no doubt that cl 19 of the February Charterparty was incorporated
into BL4, as it was a term that was germane to the discharge of the Cargo (see
[128] above). However, it has consistently been held that the true effect of
such clauses is not to _oblige_ the shipowner to discharge the cargo without
production of the bill of lading, but to _permit_ the shipowner to do so if
necessary, and to afford the shipowner the benefit of an indemnity from the
charterer in case liability should befall the shipowner as a result.

147 This was very clearly explained by the English Court of Appeal in _The
Houda_ , where cl 13 (as amended by cl 50) of the charterparty in that case
provided:

… The master… shall be under the orders and direction of Charterers as regards
employment of the vessel…

Charterers hereby indemnify Owners against all consequences or liabilities
that may arise from … (… delivery of cargo without presentation of Bills of
Lading…) … Letter of Indemnity to Owners’ P & I Club wording to be
incorporated in this Charter-Party.

One of the issues for decision was whether the charterers could lawfully
require the owners to discharge the cargo without production of the bills of
lading, and one of the charterers’ arguments in support of this contention was
that that was the effect of cll 13 and 50.

148 Neill LJ rejected this argument, holding (at 551):

It is by no means uncommon in the oil cargo trade for the cargo to be
discharged before the bill of lading is received… there may be a number of
reasons for this practice, but it does not seem to me that the existence of
the practice or the right to a letter of indemnity can impose on the owners a
contractual obligation which does not otherwise exist. Clauses 13 and 50 do
not in my view impose any express obligation on the charterers to discharge a
cargo in the absence of the bill of lading. They merely provide for a letter
of indemnity if such discharge takes place…

Similarly, after explaining the consequences of non-compliance with the
presentation rule (see [141] above), Leggatt LJ held (at 553):

In practice, if the bill of lading is not available, delivery is effected
against an indemnity… Clause 50 provides expressly that, if the master
complies with charterer’s orders to deliver goods without presentation of the
bills of lading, the owners are indemnified by the charterers. **In default of
production of the bill of lading an indemnity is afforded to the shipowner not
on account of the lawfulness of the order to deliver but so as to protect him
if he does what he is**** _not_****contractually obliged to do**. [emphasis
added in bold]

149 Again, in _The Sormovskiy 3068_ , cargo had been delivered without
production of the bill of lading, and one of the issues was whether cl 46 of
the charterparty, which provided that the defendant shipowners could discharge
the cargo against production of a bank guarantee if the original bills of
lading were not at the discharge port in time for the vessel’s discharge, had
been incorporated into the bills of lading and provided the shipowners with an
adequate defence to the claims of the plaintiff holders of the bills of lading
for breach of contract and conversion.

150 Clarke J (at 274) held:

In trades where it is difficult or impossible for the bills of lading to
arrive at the discharge port in time the problem is met by including a
contractual term requiring the master to deliver the cargo against a letter of
indemnity or bank guarantee. That is commonplace and indeed there was a
provision to that effect here…

After holding that cl 46 of the charterparty was incorporated into the
contract contained in or evidenced by the bill of lading, because it was a
term which was germane to the discharge of the cargo, Clarke J continued:

So incorporated it appears to me to give support to the conclusion which I
have stated above [_viz_ , that the defendants were liable to the plaintiffs
because they had delivered the cargo without production of the bill of lading]
because it contemplates that _but for the clause the cargo would only be
discharged in return for a bill of lading_.

_The purpose of the clause was to ensure that the defendants would discharge
the cargo even if the bill of lading was not available for presentation, but
on terms that they would be protected by a letter of indemnity. It thus
contemplated that they would be liable to the holder of the bill of lading if
they delivered otherwise than in return for an original bill of lading._

[emphasis added]

151 A similar conclusion was reached by Thomas J in _Aegean Sea Traders
Corporation v Repsol Petroleo SA and another (The “Aegean Sea”)_ [1998] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 39 (“ _The Aegean Sea_ ”) at 61 to 62, where the relevant
charterparty clause was very similar to cl 19 of the February Charterparty,
for it read (at 57):

Should Bills of Lading not arrive at discharge port in time then Owners to
release the entire cargo without presentation of the original Bills of Lading.
Charterers hereby indemnify Owners against all consequences of discharging
cargo without presentation of original Bills of Lading…

152 In my opinion, the present case is on all fours with _The Sormovskiy 3068_
and _The Aegean Sea_ , and a clause such as cl 19 of the February Charterparty
does not vary the presentation rule or the consequence of not complying with
it: in such circumstances Universal was in breach of contract by discharging
the BL4 Cargo against KOSB’s LOI.

Whether BOC has title to sue for Universal’s breach of contract

153 The critical issue in determining whether Universal is liable to BOC for
breach of contract therefore resolves itself into the question of BOC’s _locus
standi_ to sue for Universal’s breach.

154 It was for this reason that it had to be decided, as a preliminary issue,
what the proper law of the contract was, because English law and Malaysian law
provided rather different means of determining BOC’s title to sue.

155 Based on my earlier decision that English law is the proper law of the
contract (see [132] above), BOC’s rights of suit depended on the following
provisions of the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1992 (c 50) (UK) (the “COGSA
1992”):

**2** **Rights under shipping documents**

(1)Subject to the following provisions of this section, a person who becomes—

(a)the lawful holder of a bill of lading;

…

shall (by virtue of becoming the holder of the bill…) have transferred to and
vested in him all rights of suit under the contract of carriage as if he had
been a party to that contract.

(2)Where, when a person becomes the lawful holder of a bill of lading,
possession of the bill no longer gives a right (as against the carrier) to
possession of the goods to which the bill relates, that person shall not have
any rights transferred to him by virtue of subsection (1) above unless he
becomes the holder of the bill—

(a)by virtue of a transaction effected in pursuance of any contractual or
other arrangements made before the time when such a right to possession ceased
to attach to possession of the bill; or

(b)as a result of the rejection to that person by another person of goods or
documents delivered to the other person in pursuance of any such arrangements.

…

**5** **Interpretation etc.**

…

(2)References in this Act to the holder of a bill of lading are references to
any of the following persons, that is to say—

…

(b)a person with possession of the bill as a result of the completion, by
delivery of the bill, of any indorsement of the bill or, in the case of a
bearer bill, of any other transfer of the bill;

…

and a person shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having become
the lawful holder of a bill of lading wherever he has become the holder of the
bill in good faith.

Parties’ arguments during the first tranche

(1) BOC’s arguments

156 Ms Ang argued first that, by reason of ss 2(1) and 5(2)(b) of the COGSA
1992, BOC is the “lawful holder” of BL4 and therefore has title to sue. She
regarded that conclusion as almost self-evident on the basis of the following
“facts and evidence” that were said to be “not in dispute”:[note: 103]

(a)...

(b)On 6 June 2008… [BOC] issued the [June L/C] in favour of KOSB.

(c) **On 11 June 2008, KOSB via** **__****Maybank presented** **_inter alia_**
**[BL4], which had been endorsed in blank, to [BOC] under the [June L/C]**.

(d)[BL4] and the other documents were in conformity with the [June L/C’s]
requirements.

(e)[BOC] were therefore obliged to accept and did accept [BL4] and signed on
[the June B/E].

(f)[BOC] therefore became liable to pay on the [June B/E] upon maturity and
they did pay upon maturity.

…

[emphasis added in bold]

157 Next, Ms Ang contended that, contrary to Mr Gurbani’s submissions, BL4 was
not “spent” (_ie_ , incapable of transferring rights of suit in relation to
the contract of carriage) by the time it came into BOC’s possession, and that,
even if it was, BOC comes within the protection of s 2(2)(a) or (b) of the
COGSA 1992. Finally, Ms Ang submitted that BOC did not lose its rights of suit
by surrendering BL4 to Zhongguang on 11 June 2008, and even if it did, it was
regained or re-acquired when Zhongguang returned BL4 to BOC on 13 June 2008.

(2) Universal’s arguments

158 Mr Gurbani first submitted that BOC did not acquire rights of suit under
ss 2(1) and 5(2) of the COGSA 1992, because it never became a “lawful holder”
of BL4 within the meaning of those provisions. He argued that there was never
an intention for BOC to be a “holder”, because within hours of receiving BL4
on 11 June 2008, BOC had transmitted BL4 to Zhongguang, demonstrating that it
was only intended that BOC should receive BL4 as agent for Zhongguang and not
as “holder” in its own right. Mr Gurbani also questioned whether BOC, if it
became a “holder” of BL4, did so “in good faith”, on the basis that BOC knew,
at the time the June L/C was opened, that the BL4 Cargo had been shipped
months earlier in March 2008.

159 Next, Mr Gurbani argued that, by the time BOC received possession of BL4,
it had been “spent” because the BL4 Cargo had already been delivered to the
person who was entitled to it, and therefore BOC could not derive any rights
of suit from BL4. To complete his argument, Mr Gurbani also submitted that BOC
could not avail itself of s 2(2)(a) or (b) of the COGSA 1992.

The core dispute: was BL4 spent?

160 Eventually, the main issue separating the parties was whether BL4 had
become spent after the Discharge Date by reason of the BL4 Cargo being
delivered to the person who was entitled to it, with the result that BOC could
not derive rights of suit under the COGSA 1992 to sue for Universal’s breach
of contract.

161 Ms Ang advanced a series of arguments designed, on both procedural and
substantive grounds, to undermine Universal’s position that BL4 had become
spent after the Discharge Date:

(a) Universal failed to plead that the BL4 Cargo had been delivered to any
particular person, nor did Universal’s pleadings identify the person who was
allegedly entitled to the BL4 Cargo.

(b) Universal adopted contradictory positions as to the identity of the person
who took delivery of, and was allegedly entitled to, the BL4 Cargo: in
Universal’s Opening Statement that person was said to be Zhongguang (via
Dongma as its warehousing agent) while in its Closing Submissions that person
was said to be KOSB (through Dongma as its sales agent).

(c) Universal failed to prove that delivery of the BL4 Cargo had in fact been
made to KOSB (assuming that that was indeed Universal’s case) since, _inter
alia_ , Alvin Kwan testified that Universal discharged the BL4 Cargo in
accordance with KOSB’s instructions and that he did not know who the Cargo was
delivered to,[note: 104] no witnesses were called from KOSB, and there was no
other evidence in support.

(d) Universal failed to prove that delivery of the BL4 Cargo had in fact been
made to Zhongguang (assuming that that was indeed Universal’s case) since the
evidence was against Universal on this point.

(e) Universal failed to show that the person to whom the BL4 Cargo had been
delivered (whether KOSB, Zhongguang, or even Dongma) was entitled to delivery
under the terms of BL4 as at the Discharge Date.

In those circumstances, Ms Ang submitted, at the Discharge Date, BL4 was not
spent. Therefore, rights of suit in relation thereto could still be
transferred via the operation of COGSA 1992, and they were so transferred to
BOC when it became the “lawful holder” of BL4 after Felda endorsed BL4 in
blank, Maybank endorsed it to KOSB, KOSB endorsed it in blank, and Maybank
presented it to BOC. This argument, as I have said, glossed over a number of
problems (the most important being KOSB’s endorsement of BL4, which I deal
with in further detail below).

162 In addition, I was treated to a great deal of learning by both parties on
the somewhat arcane question of whether BL4 would be spent if the BL4 Cargo
_had_ indeed been delivered to the person who was or would have been entitled
to delivery (assuming Mr Gurbani’s submissions were accepted in this regard),
in circumstances where that person did not tender or produce BL4 (it will be
recalled that the Cargo (including the BL4 Cargo) was discharged against
KOSB’s (and Dongma’s) LOIs).

163 While I consider that most if not all of Ms Ang’s objections were well
taken, and the legal issues involved have certainly been very interesting,
unfortunately, all of it has turned out to be entirely academic, simply
because the parties had taken for granted the validity of KOSB’s purported
blank endorsement of BL4 (see for instance the bolded portion of Ms Ang’s
submission in [156] above), which, as I have said, most likely took place in
early June 2008 (see [92(e)] and [101] above).

164 Even during the first tranche of the proceedings I harboured some doubts
about the correctness of that view (see [71] above), and I am now entirely
satisfied that the evidence shows quite clearly that KOSB’s endorsement of BL4
was ineffective and sorely lacking in _bona fides_.

The validity of KOSB’s endorsement

(1) Why the matter is relevant

165 The reason the validity of KOSB’s endorsement is relevant is because the
relevant provisions of the COGSA 1992 (see [155] above) are predicated on
there being a “holder” of a bill of lading (in this case BL4), and Ms Ang is
relying on the definition of that term in s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992, _viz_ ,
“a person with possession of the bill as a result of the completion, by
delivery of the bill, of any _indorsement_ of the bill or, in the case of a
bearer bill, of any other transfer of the bill” [emphasis added].

166 Although the subsection does not say so in terms, “any indorsement” must
surely mean “any _valid_ indorsement”, and this is borne out by a number of
authorities (I will come to the position of a bearer bill after discussing
them).

167 In _The Aegean Sea_ , the shipowners chartered the vessel to the second
defendant, Repsol Oil International Ltd (“ROIL”), for the carriage of cargo to
“one or two safe port(s) EUROPEAN MEDITERRANEAN”. ROIL directed the vessel to
discharge the cargo at La Coruña, but in attempting to berth at La Coruña, the
vessel ran aground and exploded, resulting in a loss of the vessel and most of
her cargo, as well as large scale environmental pollution and damage to
private property. The cargo had been shipped under two bills of lading, one
naming Sun Oil Great Britain Ltd (“Sun Oil”) as the shipper (“the Sun Oil
bill”). The cargo covered by the Sun Oil bill had been sold by Sun Oil to
Louis Dreyfus Energy Ltd (“Louis Dreyfus”), which in turn sold it to ROIL,
which in turn sold it to the first defendant, Repsol, its holding company. The
Sun Oil bill provided for delivery to, or to the order of, Louis Dreyfus, and
was endorsed by Sun Oil to Louis Dreyfus. Louis Dreyfus inadvertently endorsed
the Sun Oil bill to Repsol instead of ROIL, and when the mistake was
discovered, Repsol reconveyed the Sun Oil bill to Louis Dreyfus, which voided
the endorsement in favour of Repsol and re-endorsed it to ROIL. On these
facts, the shipowners sought to claim against both ROIL and Repsol for the
losses they suffered as a result of the destruction of the vessel and cargo,
as well as their exposure to third parties as a result of the pollution and
property damage.

168 For present purposes, I am only concerned with the shipowners’ claim
against Repsol, which proceeded on the argument that Repsol was the lawful
holder of the Sun Oil bill, under which there was an implied term as to the
safety of the port nominated and an implied indemnity. Thomas J disagreed,
holding (at 59) that Repsol never became a “holder” of the Sun Oil bill for
the purposes of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992, because there had been no
“delivery” to Repsol. While that reasoning is not really germane to the
present point, Thomas J went on to deal with an argument that, Louis Dreyfus
having endorsed the Sun Oil bill to Repsol, Repsol should have endorsed it
back to Louis Dreyfus for the latter to re-endorse to ROIL. Thomas J rejected
this argument, holding (at 61):

In my view, this submission… reinforces the conclusion that Repsol never
became the lawful holders. It cannot have been intended by the draftsman of
[the COGSA 1992] that a person to whom a bill of lading is endorsed and sent
in error has then to act as if he was a person entitled to endorse the bill of
lading as a precondition of the person who made the mistake being enabled to
rectify his error by re-endorsing and delivering it to the correct party; _the
person to whom it was sent was not the lawful holder_ and not therefore
entitled to endorse it. [emphasis added]

In other words, an endorsement of a bill of lading which is in error is not an
effective endorsement, and the person to whom the bill of lading was
mistakenly endorsed will not be a “holder” of it for the purposes of s 5(2)(b)
of the COGSA 1992.

169 In _Bandung Shipping Pte Ltd v Keppel TatLee Bank Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 295
(“ _Bandung Shipping_ ”), the appellant shipowners (“Bandung”) issued two
bills of lading for a shipment of cargo by Shweta International Pte Ltd
(“Shweta”). Shweta sold the cargo to Ranchhoddas Purshottam Holdings (“RPH”),
endorsing the bills of lading in blank and delivering them to RPH who, in
turn, sold the cargo to Lanyard Foods Ltd (“Lanyard”). Thereafter, RPH
delivered the two bills of lading to the respondent (“Keppel”) for
negotiation, without adding any name to Shweta’s blank endorsement. Keppel
subsequently added the name of “the State Bank of Saurashtra in India” (“State
Bank”) to Shweta’s blank endorsement, and forwarded the bills of lading to
State Bank to hold for collection by Lanyard, but Lanyard never paid for the
cargo and the two bills were duly returned to Keppel, without any endorsement
being made by State Bank either in blank or specially in favour of Keppel TL.
In the meantime, the vessel discharged the cargo to Lanyard without production
of the bills of lading, and Keppel brought an action against Bandung, claiming
that it (Keppel) was the lawful holder or endorsee of the two bills of lading
and thus entitled to the cargo.

170 Keppel’s claim was struck out by the Court of Appeal, on the basis that,
with the insertion of the name of State Bank into the blank endorsement of
both bills of lading, and the conveyance of the bills of lading to State Bank,
State Bank became the “lawful holder” for the purposes of s 5(2)(_b_) of the
Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384, 1994 Rev Ed) (_in pari materia_ with s 5(2)(b)
of the COGSA 1992), and that, since State Bank did not re-endorse the bills of
lading to Keppel, the latter never became a “lawful holder” and therefore
enjoyed no rights of suit. For present purposes, the interest in _Bandung
Shipping_ lies in the Court of Appeal’s pronouncement (at [28]) that,
“[p]hysical possession of a [bill of lading] does not constitute the holder
the lawful holder; _there must be a valid indorsement_ ” [emphasis added].
Although it is true that there was in fact no endorsement at all in _Bandung
Shipping_ , I see no good reason why the position should be any different
where there is an endorsement, but in circumstances where the validity of that
endorsement is impaired.

171 I read these authorities to mean, therefore, that if KOSB’s blank
endorsement of BL4 was invalid, then Maybank (which, in my view, received BL4
pursuant to KOSB’s negotiation to it of the June L/C (see [86] and [92(e)]
above)) did not obtain “possession of the bill as a result of the completion…
of any indorsement of the bill”, and thus never became a “holder” of BL4
within the meaning of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992, with the result that, when
BL4 was presented by Maybank and accepted by BOC, BOC did not thereby become a
“holder” of BL4 either, and therefore obtained no rights of suit under the
COGSA 1992.

172 Nor is BOC’s position improved by relying on the words “or, in the case of
a bearer bill, of any other transfer of the bill” in s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA
1992, because BL4 could only have become a bearer bill as a result of KOSB’s
blank endorsement (_Bandung Shipping_), which of course presupposes that that
endorsement was valid.

(2) KOSB’s endorsement was not valid

173 In what circumstances, then, will an endorsement of a bill of lading not
amount to a valid endorsement for the purposes of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992?

174 Curiously, there seem to be no authority on this question. When I called
for submissions on this point in the second tranche, Ms Ang took the position
that KOSB’s endorsement was invalid, relying on S C Boyd, S Berry, A S
Burrows, B Eder, D Foxton and C F Smith, _Scrutton on Charterparties and Bills
of Lading_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st ed, 2008) (“ _Scrutton on Charterparties_ ”)
at A103 and A104, but that portion of _Scrutton on Charterparties_ deals with
when an endorsement of a bill of lading will not pass property or title to the
endorsee at common law, which is a different matter from whether an
endorsement is effective for the purposes of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992,
since the COGSA 1992 is only concerned with contractual rights and not
proprietary or possessory rights (although it must be admitted that _Scrutton
on Charterparties_ at A104 cites _The Aegean Sea_ , which is a case on the
COGSA 1992). Mr Gurbani did not submit on this point at all, but rather sought
to introduce the new evidence which led to the third and fourth tranches.

175 The passage from _The Aegean Sea_ I have quoted at [168] above sheds some
slight light on the matter, because Thomas J considered that a person to whom
a bill of lading had been endorsed in error was “not entitled” to endorse the
bill of lading. While the facts of _The Aegean Sea_ were somewhat different, I
consider that there may be circumstances in which a bill of lading is “not
entitled” to be endorsed, and in those circumstances, any such endorsement
will be invalid and incapable of constituting any subsequent transferee of the
bill of lading a “holder” for the purposes of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992. I
am thinking particularly of situations where the endorsement of the bill of
lading is tainted by fraud, as in this very case.

176 Under the terms of its LOI, KOSB promised Universal that BL4 would be
returned as soon as it came into KOSB’s possession: the intention, therefore,
was that once KOSB paid Felda for the Cargo (including the BL4 Cargo) and
received BL4 from Felda, BL4 would be deemed to have no further purpose or
legal effect, _ie_ , BL4 would be deemed accomplished or spent, not merely as
a document of title, but also for the purposes of transferring rights of suit
under the COGSA 1992. KOSB was therefore clearly aware that it was not
entitled to deal with BL4 or endorse it to any third party, but was obliged to
withdraw it from circulation by returning it to Universal.

177 Yet, KOSB went ahead to endorse BL4 in blank, falsely representing that it
still had legal effect, and intending that it be so treated, as part of a raft
of measures to defraud third parties. I have already described the fraud
involved in opening the June L/C (see [98] above), and the endorsement of BL4
in blank, as well as the creation and backdating of the 24 March 2008 invoice,
was merely a continuation of that fraud, because the relevant documents had to
be doctored and a false trail created in order to comply with the key
requirements of the June L/C (see [101] above), so that payment could be
obtained thereunder.

178 Although I have cautioned against relying too heavily on authorities
dealing with a bill of lading’s function as a document of title, I note that
my views are at least consistent with them. For instance, G Treitel and F M B
Reynolds, _Carver on Bills of Lading_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd ed, 2005) at para
6-009 indicates that “[s]ince _Lickbarrow v Mason_ it has… been settled that
the transfer of a bill of lading will operate to transfer the transferor’s
property in the goods, _if the transfer was made with that intention_ ”
[emphasis added]. Likewise, in _Newsom and another v Thornton and another_
(1805) 6 East 17 (“ _Newsom v Thornton_ ”), Lord Ellenborough CJ clearly
stated (at 41):

A bill of lading indeed shall pass the property _upon a bonâ fide indorsement_
and delivery, _where it is intended so to operate_ … I consider the
indorsement of a bill of lading, _apart from all fraud_ , as giving the
indorsee an irrevocable, uncountermandable right to receive the goods…
[emphasis added]

Again, in _Motis Exports_ , it was held that a carrier which had delivered
cargo against a forged bill of lading, in circumstances where the fact that
the bill of lading was not genuine was not known or reasonably apparent to the
carrier, was guilty of misdelivery and liable to the holder of the genuine
bills (and hence the owners of the cargo) for the loss of the cargo. Stuart-
Smith LJ held (at 216) that:

A forged bill of lading is in the eyes of the law a nullity; it is simply a
piece of paper with writing on it, which has no effect whatever. That being so
delivery of the goods… was not in exchange for the original bill of lading but
for a worthless piece of paper.

I cannot see that it should make much difference if the bill of lading,
instead of being forged, is fraudulently endorsed (see _Carver on Bills of
Lading_ at para 6-061), especially in the light of Lord Ellenborough CJ’s
statements in _Newsom v Thornton_ ; in Stuart-Smith LJ’s language in _Motis
Exports_ , such a fraudulent endorsement, in the eyes of the law, is a nullity
and without any legal effect whatever.

179 In the circumstances, I do not accept that KOSB was entitled to endorse
BL4, or that BL4 was validly endorsed by KOSB, for the purpose of s 5(2)(b) of
the COGSA 1992.

Conclusion on BOC’s title to sue

180 For the above reasons, in my judgment BOC did not become a “holder” of BL4
within the meaning of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992, and as such never acquired
rights of suit in relation to BL4 under s 2(2) of the COGSA 1992.

181 Consequently, it is not necessary for me to deal with the bulk of the
arguments raised by the parties, which comes as something of a relief given
that they involve rather complex issues and would add significantly to the
length of this already long judgment.

Postscript: subrogation

182 As I already entertained doubts during the first tranche of the
proceedings as to the validity of KOSB’s endorsement of BL4 in blank, I
directed parties to submit arguments on this point at the start of the second
tranche. At the same time, I also asked the parties to investigate the
possibility of BOC being subrogated to the rights of Felda and/or Maybank (see
[88] above).

183 This possibility was based on the assumption that Maybank had been a
pledgee of BL4 because it had financed the Felda Contract (see [79] above),
and I considered that, on such an assumption, an analogy might perhaps have
been drawn to _London Joint Stock_ , where, on somewhat similar facts, it
seems to have been held by Channell J that subrogation was available to the
plaintiff bank in that case.

184 That assumption no longer stands after the new evidence in the third
tranche revealed that Maybank never financed the Felda Contract and thus never
became a pledgee of BL4. There can thus be no question of any subrogation, and
I therefore say no more about it.

Conclusion on BOC’s claim for breach of contract

185 I therefore conclude that BOC’s contractual claim fails because it did not
become a “holder” of BL4 within the meaning of s 5(2)(b) of the COGSA 1992. As
a result, it cannot derive any rights of suit in relation to BL4 under s 2(2)
of the COGSA 1992, and since BOC was not otherwise a party to the contract of
carriage, it has no standing to sue Universal for its breach in delivering the
BL4 Cargo without requiring the production of BL4.

BOC’s Claim for Civil Conspiracy

186 I now come to BOC’s alternative claim against Universal in the tort of
conspiracy.

The pleading points

187 Mr Gurbani raised a number of technical objections, arguing that BOC’s
pleadings on conspiracy were defective on the following grounds.

188 First, Mr Gurbani contended that at one point in its pleadings, BOC
specified that the individuals involved in the conspiracy were Alvin Kwan
and/or Steve Kwan and/or K H Chong and/or Christopher Chai and/or T W Chong
and/or Xu Feng Zheng,[note: 105] but there was no allegation that any of the
individuals were acting on behalf of Universal.

189 I do not accept this argument. BOC has clearly pleaded that these
individuals are officers of various companies,[note: 106] and it is obvious
from BOC’s pleadings that what it is alleging is that these individuals acted
in their official capacities. Of course, whether Christopher Chai, T W Chong
or Xu Feng Zheng can be said to be officers of or represent Universal is
another matter, but that is a question of whether the substantive requirements
of conspiracy have been made out.

190 Second, relying on _Wu Yang Construction Group Ltd v Zhejiang Jinyi Group
Co, Ltd and others_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 451 (“ _Wu Yang_ ”), _Mr_ Gurbani argued
that BOC did not plead the precise category of conspiracy it is relying on.

191 _Wu Yang_ was a rather different case in which the plaintiff made an
entirely unparticularised allegation of “conspiracy”, making it difficult to
determine whether to apply the requirements of lawful means conspiracy or
those of unlawful means conspiracy, and it was in that context that Phang J
made the point (at [82]) that “the plaintiff did not clearly indicate which
particular category of the tort of conspiracy it was in fact relying upon”.
Here, however, BOC has pleaded that it is relying on _both_ forms of
conspiracy in the alternative, and that is by no means uncommon (see _Fornet
Enterprise Co Ltd v Howell Universal Pte Ltd and others_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 349
at [10] and [58], _Beckett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 189 at [119] and _Lim Leong Huat v Chip Hup Hup Kee Construction Pte
Ltd_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 318 at [5]).

192 Such a course of action, however, raises a different problem, that of
inconsistent pleadings, which I discuss in relation to Mr Gurbani’s third
argument.

193 Third, again relying on _Wu Yang_ , Mr Gurbani submitted that, if BOC was
relying on unlawful means conspiracy, the unlawful means had to be identified
in the pleadings, which BOC failed to do. Mr Gurbani’s argument was
essentially that if BOC was alleging that there had been fraud or deceit, then
that had to be expressly pleaded, because fraud must be proved to a high
standard of proof, and in the absence of an express allegation of fraud that
standard cannot be met.

194 Mr Gurbani is on somewhat firmer ground here, because Ms Ang’s response
was rather contradictory, in that on the one hand she argued that BOC’s
pleadings plainly alleged that the Good Copy and 24 March 2008 invoice were
“bogus”,[note: 107] that BOC had been “duped”,[note: 108] and that the
relevant documents were not “genuine and valid”;[note: 109] but on the other
she appeared to be saying that fraud was not part of her case, especially in
relation to lawful means conspiracy.

195 The difficulty for Ms Ang (and all counsel who rely on both forms of civil
conspiracy) is that she cannot rely on lawful means conspiracy if she is
asserting fraud (or any other unlawful means), and she cannot rely on unlawful
means conspiracy if she does not plead something unlawful (such as fraud). In
the end, the only way to avoid being impaled on Morton’s Fork is to accept
that only one form of conspiracy can possibly succeed (if at all), but in my
view in these sorts of cases counsel are nonetheless at liberty to plead both
forms of conspiracy in the alternative _ex abundanti cautela_ (see _Ng Chee
Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another_ [2011] SGCA 62 at [31] to [38]).

196 There remains the question, however, of whether the unlawful means alleged
by BOC have been adequately pleaded. It is true that the words “fraud” and
“deceit” do not appear in BOC’s pleadings (no doubt because it was thought
that that might have restricted the availability of a cause of action in
lawful means conspiracy), but in my view the use of the synonyms and other
paraphrases described at [194] above left no doubt as to what BOC was alleging
the unlawful means were.

197 Consequently, I reject Universal’s contention that BOC’s pleaded case in
conspiracy is deficient.

The alleged conspiracy and conspirators

198 On BOC’s pleaded case, Universal is said to have conspired with KOSB
and/or Dongma and/or KCB and/or Fordeco (and/or Zhongguang) to induce BOC to
issue the June L/C, accept the relevant documents presented thereunder by
Maybank and to make payment accordingly.[note: 110]

199 It must be said that there is some infelicity in BOC’s position as regards
Zhongguang. BOC’s pleadings are ambiguous as to whether Zhongguang is a party
to the conspiracy or not,[note: 111] as are BOC’s submissions.[note: 112]
However, I do not really see how Zhongguang can rationally be excluded from
any alleged conspiracy, and as BOC’s pleadings are just about adequate to
support such a view, I have taken BOC’s position to be that Zhongguang was
indeed an alleged conspirator.

Lawful means conspiracy

200 This head of claim can be disposed of relatively shortly. I have already
determined that BOC was a victim of fraud, and if so, any conspiracy pursuant
to which that fraud was carried into effect can hardly be said to have
involved “lawful means” (_Quah Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R)
637 (“ _Quah Kay Tee_ ”) at [49]).

201 In addition, it is well-established that one of the requirements of lawful
means conspiracy is that the conspirators must have acted with the
“predominant purpose” or motive of causing injury or damage to the plaintiff
(_Quah Kay Tee_ at [45] and [49]). It should be apparent from what I have said
at [97] above that the predominant purpose or motive here was for KOSB to be
paid in respect of the Zhongguang Contract and thereby protect its own
commercial interests; it may well have been that in order to realise that
purpose, it was intended that BOC should suffer a loss that might otherwise
have been suffered by KOSB, but that is not sufficient to make out a claim in
lawful means conspiracy (_Quah Kay Tee_ at [49] and [50] and _Wu Yang_ at
[82]).

Unlawful means conspiracy

202 The real question, therefore, is whether BOC has made out its claim for
unlawful means conspiracy, and the requirements of unlawful means conspiracy
were stated to be as follows in _Quah Kay Tee_ (at [45]):

A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted when _two or more persons
combine_ to commit _an unlawful act_ with the _intention of injuring or
damaging the plaintiff_ , and _the act is carried out and the intention
achieved_. [emphasis added]

203 Although the _Quah Kay Tee_ test itself is familiar and uncontroversial,
applying it to the facts of this case is not entirely straightforward.

A preliminary problem: what did Universal know?

204 Part of the problem is that unlawful means conspiracy, being an
intentional tort, requires the conspirators to possess a certain state of
mind; most obviously an intention to injure the victim, but also knowledge
that they are part of an agreement, combination or common design.

205 Naturally, being a legal person, a company can be a party to a conspiracy,
but as a company is an artificial construct, in order for it to be fixed with
the requisite intention or state of mind, it is necessary to pinpoint some
human actor with that state of mind and to determine whether, as a matter of
law, that state of mind also counts as the company’s, via a process known as
“attribution”.

206 As I have said, BOC’s case rests on Universal being a party to a
conspiracy to induce BOC to issue the June L/C, accept the relevant documents
presented thereunder by Maybank and to make payment (see [198] above). That
seems to imply (and indeed BOC is arguing) that Universal was aware of these
matters. Whose state of mind, then, does BOC say is to be attributed to
Universal? Ms Ang naturally pointed to the Universal’s board of directors, and
she argued strongly that it is Steve Kwan whose knowledge is most relevant for
present purposes.

207 Even before considering whether unlawful means conspiracy has been made
out, therefore, it is necessary to determine what knowledge Steve Kwan
possessed, and whether that knowledge can be attributed to Universal.

(1) What did Steve Kwan know?

208 In attempting to ascertain what Steve Kwan knew, I am of course hampered
by the fact that Steve Kwan never appeared as a witness in these proceedings
(see [65] above), despite having had a clear opportunity to do so in the
fourth tranche so as to meet BOC’s allegations.

209 Nonetheless, I consider that Steve Kwan’s knowledge was considerable for a
number of reasons:

(a) In an affidavit affirmed for the purpose of resisting BOC’s (ultimately
unsuccessful) application for summary judgment, Steve Kwan deposed his belief
that, around 28 March 2008, when the Cargo was being discharged into Huanan’s
shore tanks, BL4 was in the possession of KOSB.[note: 113] It is now known
that BL4 only came into KOSB’s possession on 4 April 2008 (see [92(d)] above),
but the point is that Steve Kwan was purporting to give evidence on important
matters, such as the movement of BL4 and Universal’s commercial or operational
affairs.

(b) In the same affidavit, Steve Kwan deposed to the fact that KOSB had issued
the LOI to Universal, in order that the Cargo could be discharged: it seems
clear, therefore, that he knew of KOSB’s LOI and its terms.

(c) That Steve Kwan was in fact actively involved in the management of
Universal’s shipping business and affairs was also evident in his being copied
into many of Jade Shipping and Fordeco’s e-mails regarding the _Dolphina_
(including its request for permission to release the Cargo in the absence of
the original bills of lading, as well as Fordeco’s reply permitting this (see
[32] and [35] above)).[note: 114]

(d) On 4 April 2008, KOSB authorised Maybank to debit its current account to
pay Felda for the Cargo, and the authorisation was signed by Steve Kwan (as
well as K H Chong) (see [90(e)] above).

(e) On 9 June 2008, Steve Kwan (and K H Chong) signed a Documentary Collection
and/or Negotiation Form (see [90(g)] above) to Maybank, which clearly
specified that the relevant documents (including BL4) were being presented for
negotiation/payment under the June L/C.

(f) Amongst his many portfolios (see [7] to [11] above), Steve Kwan is one of
three directors in both Universal and KOSB, but is the only director not to
have testified in this case. In addition, the other two directors (Alvin Kwan
and K H Chong) who did testify vociferously denied having any knowledge about
the events leading to these proceedings. Unless I am to believe that the
entire board of directors of Universal and KOSB was collectively ignorant of
the goings-on in either company, and that all the actions taken by their
employees were without approval or authority, which is not supported by the
evidence, it must follow that the common course of business had been followed
(s 116(_f_) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)) and that everything
that was done was done with board approval or knowledge, and that the reason
Steve Kwan has not come forward to produce evidence is that such evidence
would not be favourable to either him or to Universal (s 116(_g_) of the
Evidence Act).

(g) K H Chong testified that he did not know whether Alvin Kwan was “the man
in charge” of Universal,[note: 115] and, when pressed by Ms Ang, admitted that
the facts deposed to in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief came to his
knowledge from information provided to him by Steve Kwan and Christopher
Chai.[note: 116]

210 I am therefore prepared to infer, on the basis of the foregoing and in all
the circumstances of the case, that Steve Kwan knew: that the Cargo (including
the BL4 Cargo) had been discharged by the Discharge Date without production of
the original bills of lading but against KOSB’s LOI; that BL4 was therefore
supposed to be returned to Universal once KOSB obtained it; that BL4 had in
fact been obtained by KOSB (although he may not have known the exact date on
which this occurred); that the June L/C had been opened in KOSB’s favour; that
the June L/C required, _inter alia_ , BL4 to be endorsed in blank; that KOSB
endorsed BL4 in blank; that KOSB was negotiating the June L/C to Maybank; and
that BL4 was therefore being passed off as a valid document in order to secure
payment under the June L/C.

(2) Can Steve Kwan’s knowledge be attributed to Universal?

211 Simply because Steve Kwan is possessed of certain knowledge, however, does
not mean that Universal should also be taken as possessing that knowledge,
especially since much of what Steve Kwan knew appears to have been learned as
a director of KOSB, rather than as a director of Universal.

212 Whether and in what circumstances Steve Kwan’s knowledge should be
regarded as Universal’s knowledge depends, as I have said, on the law of
attribution. This is an area of the law which has not been explored in great
depth by our courts, and as such most of the leading cases emanate from other
jurisdictions. Consequently, while I received some assistance from both
counsel as to the relevant jurisprudence, I find it necessary to approach the
matter from first principles.

(A) Attribution generally

213 The law in this area owes a great debt to the opinion of Lord Hoffmann in
the Privy Council decision of _Meridian Global Funds Management Asia Ltd v
Securities Commission_ [1995] 2 AC 500 (“ _Meridian_ ”), but I will defer
detailed examination of _Meridian_ for the time being in favour of more
general considerations.

214 As a matter of law, it is often necessary for the acts, knowledge or
liability of one person (A) to be attributed to another (B). This need arises
because B does not always act in person: B may for instance employ and
authorise subordinates to act on his behalf. Consequently, the law has evolved
a number of doctrines to determine when A’s actions, state of mind or
obligations will be seen as that of B’s. For instance, the doctrine of
vicarious liability renders B liable for A’s tortious conduct where that
conduct is sufficiently closely connected to A’s employment by B that it is
fair and just to hold B liable for it (_Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
(Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries Pte Ltd and another_ [2011]
3 SLR 540 (“ _Skandinaviska_ ”) at [75] and [86]). Vicarious liability is not,
however, relevant to this case, because BOC is not suggesting that Universal
is vicariously liable for anyone’s tort: it claims that Universal is liable
for its own tort of conspiracy.

215 That leaves, therefore, two other relevant attribution doctrines: agency
and identification.

(B) Agency

216 Agency is one of the most common means by which the knowledge of A is to
be regarded as the knowledge of B, and the position is stated in this way by
_Bowstead & Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th ed, 2010) at para
8-207, Art 95(1):

The law may impute to a principal knowledge relating to the subject matter of
the agency which the agent acquires _while acting within the scope of his
authority_. [emphasis added]

217 Directors are agents of the company (_Ferguson v Wilson_ (1866) LR 2 Ch
App 77 at 89 (per Cairns LJ)), but it has been repeatedly held that
information received by a director outside his agency (_ie_ , outside the
course of his directorship) is not _ipso facto_ attributed to the company.
This includes knowledge gained by the director in the course of his
directorship in a different company, unless the director owed not only a duty
to the first company to receive that knowledge (and it seems that he will only
owe such a duty where the company has a duty to inquire into the matters to
which that knowledge is relevant), but also a duty to the second company to
communicate it.

218 In _Re Hampshire Land Company_ [1896] 2 Ch 743 (“ _Re Hampshire Land_ ”),
the articles of association of the Hampshire Land Company required the
authorisation of the company in general meeting before certain sums could be
borrowed. A meeting was called to authorise the taking of such a loan from a
building society, but, in beach of the articles, insufficient notice had been
given to the shareholders of the company regarding the purpose of the meeting,
though the loan was nonetheless approved. One Mr Wills was the secretary of
both the company and the building society, and the question was whether his
alleged knowledge of the irregularity was to be attributed to the building
society.

219 Vaughan Williams J refused to do so, stating (at 748):

… it is said that [Mr Wills’] knowledge as the officer of the company is
equally his knowledge as the officer of the society, and that therefore I
ought to impute this knowledge to the society. I do not agree. [Counsel]
shrank from saying that wherever there is a common officer of two societies,
the knowledge of such officer personally is to be imputed to both the
societies employing him. In fact it was quite impossible… that they could
successfully contend for so wide a proposition… _[T]he knowledge which has
been acquired by the officer of one company will not be imputed to the other
company, unless the common officer had some duty imposed upon him to
communicate that knowledge to the other company, and had some duty imposed on
him by the company which is alleged to be affected by the notice to receive
the notice_ … [emphasis added]

220 _Re Hampshire Land_ was subsequently approved in _Re David Payne & Co,
Limited_ [1904] 2 Ch 608 (“ _Re David Payne_ ”), where the English Court of
Appeal refused to treat knowledge gained by a director of a company outside
the course of his directorship as having been attributed to the company, on
the basis that it was not the duty of the company to make any inquiry into
that matter, and as such there was no duty on the director to have
communicated his knowledge to the company (see especially the judgment of
Romer LJ at 619).

221 _Re David Payne_ was followed in _El Ajou v Dollar Land Holdings plc and
another_ [1994] 2 All ER 685 (“ _El Ajou_ ”), an important case with somewhat
complicated facts. The plaintiff (“EA”) owned substantial funds under the
control of an investment manager, who was bribed to invest them in fraudulent
share schemes operated by three Canadian fraudsters. Some of the proceeds of
the fraud were injected into an innocent company, the defendant (“DLH”). One
of DLH’s directors, Mr Ferdman, was aware that the money had been fraudulently
obtained, as he (through his company SAFI) was an agent for the Canadian
fraudsters (but not directly implicated or a participant in their fraud). EA
brought a claim for knowing receipt against DLH, on the basis that DLH when it
received the proceeds from the Canadians knew (via Mr Ferdman) that it
represented the proceeds of fraud, and the issue was therefore whether Mr
Ferdman’s knowledge, obtained as a director of SAFI, could be treated as DLH’s
knowledge for the purposes of a claim in constructive trust and/or knowing
receipt.

222 EA sought to argue that Mr Ferdman’s knowledge was to be treated as DLH’s
knowledge on two quite distinct bases: first, under the doctrine of agency,
and second, under the identification doctrine, but only the former will be
dealt with here.

223 The English Court of Appeal unanimously refused to attribute Mr Ferdman’s
knowledge to DLH under the rules of agency, and all three judges relied on _Re
David Payne_ in reaching that conclusion, with Rose and Hoffmann LJJ
concluding that, in receiving the money from the Canadians, DLH owed no duty
to inquire into or investigate its source, and that as such any knowledge of
such matters possessed by Mr Ferman _qua_ director of SAFI was not relevant to
DLH, and therefore Mr Ferdman could not be treated as if he had owed and
discharged a duty to disclose his knowledge of the illegal provenance of the
money to DLH.

224 The effect of these authorities, therefore, is that the knowledge of an
agent, such as a director of a company, acquired outside the course of his
agency or directorship (such as _qua_ director of a different company) cannot
be attributed to his principal unless the principal was under a duty to
inquire into or investigate the matters of which the agent is aware. It is not
entirely clear how and when a principal will be under such a duty to inquire
or investigate for these purposes (see _Bowstead & Reynolds on Agency_ at para
8-211). In _Mohammad Jafari-Fini v Skillglass Ltd & others_ [2007] EWCA Civ
261 (“ _Jafari-Fini_ ”) at [94], Moore-Bick LJ considered that the principal
must employ an agent to “perform a task or transaction of a kind which imposes
on the principal a duty to investigate”, but that seems to me to be rather
circular.

225 Before I move on to the identification doctrine, I wish to draw attention
to one further aspect of _Re Hampshire Land_ , which is that it has generally
been understood as laying down the following proposition: “[k]knowledge is not
attributed to the principal where it is acquired by an agent who is defrauding
the principal in the same transaction” (_Bowstead & Reynolds_ at para 8-207,
Art 95(4)).

226 This has become known as the “ _Hampshire Land_ principle” or the “fraud
exception”, and was laid down in this way in _Re Hampshire Land_ (at 749):

[I]f Wills had been guilty of a fraud, the personal knowledge of Wills of the
fraud that he had committed upon the company would not have been knowledge of
the society of the facts constituting the fraud; because common sense at once
leads one to the conclusion that it would be impossible to infer that the
duty, either of giving or receiving notice, will be fulfilled where the common
agent is himself guilty of fraud. It seems to me that if you assume here that
Mr. Wills was guilty of irregularity – a breach of duty in respect of these
transactions – the same inference is to be drawn as if he had been guilty of
fraud.

227 To say that the _Hampshire Land_ principle is controversial is an
understatement. Indeed, so extremely polarised is the debate that on the one
hand it has been said to be “a general principle of agency” (_Stone & Rolls
Ltd (in liquidation) v Moore Stephens (a firm)_ [2009] 1 AC 1391 (“ _Stone &
Rolls_”) at [138] (per Lord Walker)), while on the other its very existence
has been denied (P Watts, “Imputed Knowledge in Agency Law – Excising the
Fraud Exception” (2001) 117 LQR 300 (“Watts’ “Imputed Knowledge” article”)).

228 Although the _Hampshire Land_ principle has been applied and/or accepted
in numerous cases, including by the House of Lords in _J C Houghton and
Company v Nothard, Lowe and Wills, Limited_ [1928] 1 AC 1 and _Stone & Rolls_,
the exact nature and scope of the _Hampshire Land_ principle is open to
serious debate.

229 For instance, although many formulations (see for instance _El Ajou_ at
702 (per Hoffmann LJ) and _Stone & Rolls_ at [227] (per Lord Mance)) refer
only to the agent “defrauding” or committing a fraud “upon” the principal
(_ie_ , the principal must be the “target” of the fraud (_Re Bank of Credit
and Commerce International SA (in liquidation) (No 15)_ [2005] 2 BCLC 328 (“
_Re BCCI (No 15)_ ”) at [114])), the _Hampshire Land_ principle is “arguably
wider than this and may extend to acts of an agent which are in breach of his
duty to his principal and which have, in fact, resulted in harm to his
principal” (_Safeway Stores Ltd v Twigger_ [2011] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 462 at [28]
(per Longmore LJ) (see to similar effect _Stone & Rolls_ at [198] (per Lord
Brown))). The broader version of the _Hampshire Land_ principle appears to be
justified by Vaughan Williams J’s reasoning in _Re Hampshire Land_ itself (see
[226] above), and is endorsed in more or less similar terms by a number of
their Lordships in _Stone & Rolls_ (at [43] (per Lord Phillips), [106] (per
Lord Scott) and [137] to [138] (per Lord Walker)), though it is fair to say
that doubt still lingers over the matter, as a result of older authorities
which appear to require actual fraud (see Watts’ “Imputed Knowledge” article
at p 319).

230 For the purposes of this case, however, it is unnecessary to resolve this
debate, for reasons which will become plain when I discuss the doctrine of
identification.

(C) Identification

231 The identification doctrine (sometimes also known as the “directing mind
and will” or “alter ego” doctrines) is another means by which A’s acts and/or
knowledge may be attributed to B. It is a quite separate means of attribution
from the doctrine of agency (see _El Ajou_ at 695 (per Nourse LJ) and 701 (per
Hoffmann LJ) as well as _Jafari-Fini_ at [90] (per Moore-Bick LJ)) and that of
vicarious liability (see _KR v Royal & Sun Alliance plc_ [2007] Lloyd’s Rep IR
368 (“ _KR_ ”) at [51]), because, unlike these latter doctrines, which
fundamentally still treat A and B as two different legal persons, the
identification doctrine treats A and B, for certain purposes, as the same
legal person. For the avoidance of doubt, however, I should make clear that
the identification doctrine is not to be confused with lifting the corporate
veil, which is concerned with holding the shareholders of a company liable for
its debts.

232 In many ways the _fons et origo_ of the identification doctrine is still
the decision of the House of Lords in _Lennard’s Carrying Company, Limited v
Asiatic Petroleum Company, Limited_ [1915] 1 AC 705 (“ _Lennard’s_ ”), where
cargo on board a ship was lost by a fire caused by the ship’s defective
boilers. The respondent cargo-owners sued the appellant shipowner (“Lennard’s
Carrying Co”) for damages for the loss of the cargo, and as a defence,
Lennard’s Carrying Co relied on s 502 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 (c 60)
(UK), which excused a shipowner from liability if the loss or damage occurred
“without his actual fault or privity”. The key question was therefore whether
Lennard’s Carrying Co could bring itself within those words, in circumstances
where it was managed by another company, and the managing director of the
latter, Mr Lennard (who was the registered managing owner of the ship and also
a director of Lennard’s Carrying Co), knew or ought to have known about the
defective boilers but took no steps to do anything about it.

233 Holding that it could not, Viscount Haldane LC stated (at 713):

Now, my Lords, did what happened [_sic_] take place without the actual fault
or privity of the owners of the ship who were the appellants? My Lords, a
corporation is an abstraction. It has no mind of its own any more than it has
a body of its own; its active and directing will must consequently be sought
in the person of somebody who for some purposes may be called an agent, but
who is really the directing mind and will of the corporation, the very ego and
centre of the personality of the corporation.

234 The identification doctrine thus developed out of a statutory context;
where courts had to determine who in a company had the state of mind or fault
required by the relevant statute as a precondition to the imposition of or
exculpation from liability (see for instance _Tesco Supermarkets Ltd v
Nattrass_ [1972] 1 AC 153 (“ _Tesco_ ”) and _Director General of Fair Trading
v Pioneer Concrete (UK) Ltd and another_ [1995] 1 AC 456).

235 In _El Ajou_ , however, the English Court of Appeal applied the
identification doctrine in a case which had no statutory context; rather, the
question was as to DLH’s liability for knowing receipt, and it will be
recalled that the knowledge of Mr Ferdman was sought to be attributed to DLH
under both the law of agency and the doctrine of identification (see [222]
above). In keeping with Viscount Haldane LC’s view in _Lennard’s_ that the
identification doctrine was separate from agency, the English Court of Appeal
held that, notwithstanding that Mr Ferdman’s knowledge could not be attributed
to DLH under the laws of agency as a result of _Re David Payne_ , nonetheless
Mr Ferdman was the “directing mind and will” of, and to be identified with,
DLH for the purposes of the impugned transactions, with the result that his
knowledge of them was to be attributed to DLH in order to render it liable in
knowing receipt.

236 Soon after _El Ajou_ , the identification doctrine was put on a principled
footing by Lord Hoffmann in the watershed _Meridian_ decision, where one Mr
Koo, the chief investment officer of the appellant investment management
company (“Meridian”), with Meridian’s authority but without the knowledge of
its board of directors, used funds managed by Meridian to acquire shares in
another company (“ENC”), with the result that Meridian became a “substantial
security holder” in ENC within the meaning of s 20 of the Securities Amendment
Act 1988 (No 234 of 1988) (NZ). However, Meridian did not give notice thereof
as required under s 20, because Mr Koo was acting in his own interest and did
not want Meridian to find out about his transactions, and the question was
therefore whether Mr Koo’s knowledge was attributable to Meridian for the
purposes of liability under s 20.

237 Lord Hoffmann explained that the identification doctrine, like the rules
of agency and vicarious liability, was simply a tool to ascertain what acts,
conduct and/or states of mind of human persons were to be attributed to a
company. A similar function was performed by a company’s articles of
association, as well as the rule that the unanimous consent of all
shareholders on a matter _intra vires_ the company is an act of the company.
Such rules were needed because a company, being a legal fiction, could not
think and act for itself; consequently, “primary rules of attribution”
(contained in the company’s articles of association or the unanimous consent
rule) and “general rules of attribution” (the law of agency and vicarious
liability) usually allowed for the adequate determination of a company’s
rights and obligations. However, on occasion, these rules were inapplicable or
not feasible, and where that was so but the relevant right or obligation of
the company nonetheless had to be determined, a “special rule of attribution”
had to be fashioned. Such special rules of attribution were “always a matter
of interpretation” (at 507):

[G]iven that [a particular substantive rule] was intended to apply to a
company, how was it intended to apply? Whose act (or knowledge, or state of
mind) was _for this purpose_ intended to count as the act etc. of the company?
One finds the answer to this question by applying the usual canons of
interpretation, taking into account the language of the rule (if it is a
statute) and its content and policy.

On this basis, Lord Hoffmann explained _Lennard’s_ as a case in which Viscount
Haldane LC was simply fashioning a special rule of attribution based on the
language and purpose of s 502 of the Merchant Shipping Act 1894, so as to
ascertain the person (Mr Lennard) who could be identified with Lennard’s
Carrying Co in order that s 502 could be applied to it.

238 Lord Hoffmann concluded that, given the policy of s 20 of the Securities
Amendment Act 1988, the knowledge to be attributed to a corporate substantial
security holder was the knowledge of the person who acquired the securities
with the authority of the company, _ie_ , Mr Koo.

239 At this juncture, three comments about _Meridian_ are appropriate. First,
although _Meridian_ itself was a case in which the relevant substantive rule
or obligation was a statutory one, Lord Hoffmann clearly envisaged that the
identification doctrine could apply whenever the substantive rule was meant to
apply to companies, regardless whether it was of a statutory (_eg_ , _Tesco_),
common law or even equitable (_eg_ , _El Ajou_) nature. Second, Mr Koo’s
deliberate attempt to suppress his knowledge from Meridian was not regarded as
an obstacle to attributing it to Meridian, suggesting that the _Hampshire
Land_ principle was not relevant. Third, in Singapore, _Meridian_ was approved
by the Court of Appeal in _Singapore Airlines and another v Fujitsu
Microelectronics (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd and others_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 810 and
applied by me in _Sumpiles Investments Pte Ltd v AXA Insurance Singapore Pte
Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 12.

240 Returning to the current of English cases, however, despite being a Privy
Council decision, _Meridian_ has been enthusiastically received by the English
courts, as evinced by the decisions in _Re BCCI (No 15)_ , _KR_ , _Jafari-
Fini_.

241 In _Re BCCI (No 15)_ , one Mr Samant, the general manager of the London
Branch of Bank of India (“BOI”), facilitated and arranged for Bank of Credit
and Commerce International (“BCCI”) to make several deposits with BOI. These
deposits were fraudulently used by senior managers at BCCI, and when BCCI
collapsed, its liquidators brought a claim against BOI pursuant to s 213 of
the Insolvency Act 1986 (c 45) (UK) (the equivalent of s 340(1) of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed)), and the question was whether Mr Samant’s
knowledge and dishonesty could be attributed to BOI, notwithstanding that he
had no authority to enter the transactions with BCCI on behalf of BOI. The
English Court of Appeal unanimously endorsed _Meridian_ and held that Mr
Samant’s dishonesty was to be attributed to BOI. In so doing, the _Hampshire
Land_ principle was also held to be inapplicable in the circumstances of the
case.

242 In _KR_ , applying _Meridian_ , the English Court of Appeal held that the
controller of a company operating a children’s care home business was to be
equated with it for the purposes of construing an exclusion clause in an
insurance policy which excluded the liability of the insurers for a
“deliberate act or omission of the insured”, with the result that the insurers
were able to avail themselves of the exclusion clause, because the intentional
torts (child abuse) of the controller were regarded as the deliberate acts of
the company. It is notable that there appears to have been no argument about
whether the _Hampshire Land_ principle would have applied in this case.

243 _Jafari-Fini_ arose out of the plaintiff’s acquisition of a company via a
corporate vehicle known as “PAL”, with funding effected through the first
defendant, a company known as “Skillglass”. The question was whether PAL was
in breach of its contractual obligations to Skillglass because it had failed
to notify Skillglass of a bribe paid to one of Skillglass’ directors by the
plaintiff. The answer to that question depended on whether knowledge of the
bribe had come to the attention of PAL, which in turn depended on whether one
Mr Webster, a director of PAL, knew of the bribe, and whether that knowledge
was to be attributed to PAL.

244 All three members of the English Court of Appeal agreed on the relevant
principles of law involved, albeit Carnwath LJ dissented on the factual
question of whether Mr Webster had known the bribe. The majority judges,
however, held that Mr Webster did have knowledge of the bribe. In deciding
whether that knowledge was to be attributed to PAL, Moore-Bick LJ in his
leading judgment followed _El Ajou_ and stated that both the doctrines of
agency and identification had to be considered as possible bases of
attribution. As with _El Ajou_ , attribution of Mr Webster’s knowledge to PAL
on the ground of agency was rejected (at [92]) because Mr Webster did not
acquire that knowledge in his capacity as a director of PAL, but Mr Webster’s
knowledge was nonetheless attributed to PAL on the basis that Mr Webster, as
part of the board of directors of PAL, could be identified with it for the
purposes of determining PAL’s knowledge of the bribe.

245 While there was some argument as to whether the _Hampshire Land_ principle
stood in the way of attributing Mr Webster’s knowledge to PAL (see [89] of
_Jafari-Fini_), this objection did not seem to have weighed heavily in any of
the judges’ minds, albeit the submission was not seriously pursued (see [99]).

246 Lord Hoffmann subsequently reiterated the principles his Lordship had
earlier laid down in _Meridian_ in the Privy Council decision of _Lebon v Aqua
Salt Co Ltd_ [2009] BCC 425 (“ _Lebon_ ”), and at the same time approved of
both _El Ajou_ and _Jafari-Fini_ as an application of those principles. Like
those two cases, _Lebon_ was a case in which the identification doctrine was
used to attribute knowledge to a company for a non-statutory purpose, with the
result that a shareholder-director’s bad faith was attributed to his company
so as to prevent it from obtaining an indefeasible title to a plot of land it
had purchased.

247 Finally, in _Stone & Rolls_, the plaintiff company was used as a vehicle
for fraud by its controller, Mr Stojevic, who (it was agreed) was its “sole
directing mind and will”. The plaintiff employed the defendant accountants as
its auditors, so as to render it more respectable and therefore a better tool
for Mr Stojevic to defraud banks, which he did successfully. One of these
banks successfully sued the plaintiff and Mr Stojevic for deceit, but the
plaintiff was unable to pay and went into liquidation. The liquidators then
brought proceedings against the defendant auditors, alleging that they had
been negligent in failing to detect and prevent Mr Stojevic’s dishonest
activities. The auditors argued that the plaintiff’s claim was barred by the
maxim _ex turpi causa non oritur actio_ , on the basis that Mr Stojevic’s
dishonesty and fraud was to be attributed to the plaintiff.

248 The judgment of the House of Lords is exceedingly complicated, since all
five members delivered substantial judgments, but it can at least be said that
_Meridian_ was impliedly or expressly approved by a majority (at [39] to [42]
(per Lord Phillips), at [105] (per Lord Scott), at [134] (per Lord Walker) and
at [221] (per Lord Mance)), albeit technically only in _obiter dicta_ since
there was no dispute that Mr Stojevic was indeed the “embodiment” of the
plaintiff. The true dispute was whether anything prevented the attribution of
Mr Stojevic’s fraudulent state of mind to the plaintiff, and it was argued on
behalf of the plaintiff that because Mr Stojevic was acting in fraud of the
plaintiff, his knowledge could not be attributed to it as a result of the
_Hampshire Land_ principle.

249 As already discussed (see [229] above), the House of Lords could not even
agree on the proper nature and scope of the _Hampshire Land_ principle, but in
any event, the plaintiff’s argument was rejected by the majority judges on a
number of grounds. Lord Phillips considered that the _Hampshire Land_
principle did not apply because the plaintiff was not a victim of the fraud
(at [55] of _Stone & Rolls_) and/or because the fraud was attributed to it (at
[60]). Lord Brown held that the _Hampshire Land_ principle did not apply
because it was a principle of agency and had no application where Mr
Stojevic’s fraud was being attributed to the plaintiff not under the rules of
agency but by virtue of his being identified with it (at [198] to [200]), but
his Lordship also agreed with Lord Walker that there was a “sole actor”
exception to the _Hampshire Land_ principle (at [201]), and that that
exception applied on the facts of the case.

(D) Attribution in this case

250 Having reviewed the relevant authorities, I am now in a position to
consider whether Steve Kwan’s knowledge, to the extent that it was acquired
_qua_ director of KOSB, can be attributed to Universal either under the laws
of agency or under the identification doctrine.

251 Any knowledge acquired by Steve Kwan in the course of his directorship of
KOSB cannot be attributed to Universal via the law of agency unless Universal
itself was under a duty to inquire into or investigate the matters of which
Steve Kwan _qua_ director of KOSB was aware. Only if Universal was under such
a duty can it be said that Steve Kwan _qua_ director of Universal was under a
duty to receive that knowledge and transmit it to Universal.

252 I am not persuaded that Universal was under such a duty. Either those
matters were already known to Universal (_eg_ , the discharge of the Cargo
without production of the original bills of lading) or they were KOSB’s
affairs (_eg_ , the opening of the June L/C) into which Universal was not
duty-bound to inquire. Consequently, I cannot accept Ms Ang’s argument that
Steve Kwan’s knowledge _qua_ director of KOSB can be attributed to Universal
simply because he is a common director of both KOSB and Universal.

253 However, Steve Kwan’s knowledge _qua_ director of KOSB can still be
attributed to Universal under the doctrine of identification. In order for
that to be possible, the substantive rule or obligation which the doctrine of
identification is being prayed in aid of must be applicable to a company, and
its purpose will then dictate whether Steve Kwan should be identified with
Universal, with the result that his knowledge counts as that of Universal’s.

254 Clearly the tort of conspiracy can be applied to a company, so who for
that purpose is to be identified with Universal? It is in fact rather
difficult to pinpoint the purpose of the tort of conspiracy, but it seems to
lie in the law’s concern to prevent harmful combinations (_Revenue and Customs
Commissioners v Total Network SL_ [2008] 1 AC 1174 (“ _Total Network_ ”) at
[44] (per Lord Hope) and [77] (per Lord Walker)), which explains the
particular emphasis on the tortfeasor’s intention. That being so, for this
purpose, Universal should be identified with the person or persons who could
cause it to combine with others (such as KOSB) so as to harm BOC, which in the
first instance would be Universal’s board of directors.

255 However, two of those three directors have already testified that they
were not involved in Universal’s business and that they know close to nothing
about the matters that are in dispute in this case. By contrast, there is
clear evidence (and I find as a fact) that, in addition to being a director
and the treasurer of Universal and a co-owner of the _Dolphina_ , Steve Kwan
was actively and routinely involved in the management of Universal’s shipping
business and affairs relating to the _Dolphina_. Consequently, it seems to me
that, by a process of elimination and upon a consideration of the evidence,
there is good reason to identify Steve Kwan with Universal for the purposes of
determining Universal’s liability in the tort of conspiracy, and to treat
Steve Kwan’s knowledge, _including_ his knowledge gained as a director of
KOSB, as the knowledge of Universal for these purposes.

256 I come full circle by returning to _Lennard’s_ , where Viscount Haldane LC
was very much of the same view regarding Mr Lennard’s failure to testify at
the trial (at 713 to 714):

My Lords, whatever is not known about Mr. Lennard’s position, this is known
for certain, Mr. Lennard took the active part in the management of this ship
on behalf of the owners, and Mr. Lennard… was registered as the person
designated for this purpose in the ship’s register. Mr  _Lennard was therefore
the natural person to come on behalf of the owners and give full evidence not
only about the events of which I have spoken… but about his own position and
as to whether or not he was the life and soul of the company…_

[I]n that state of the law it is obvious to me that _Mr. Lennard_ _ought to
have gone into the box and relieved the company of the presumption which
arises against it that his action was the company’s action…_

[emphasis added]

Likewise, on the state of the evidence and the law in this case, Steve Kwan’s
failure to testify means that there is nothing to rebut the adverse inference
I draw against Universal that, for the purposes of unlawful means conspiracy,
Steve Kwan’s knowledge and state of mind fall to be treated as those of
Universal’s.

257 In an attempt to avert this result, Mr Gurbani argued that the _Hampshire
Land_ principle prevented Steve Kwan’s knowledge from being attributed to
Universal, although exactly how the _Hampshire Land_ principle was supposed to
have operated on the facts of this case was not made entirely clear during the
course of oral arguments.

258 I do not accept Mr Gurbani’s submission, because, with the exception of
_Stone & Rolls_, all the cases on the identification doctrine I have cited
above impliedly or expressly hold that the _Hampshire Land_ principle is a
principle of agency law that has no application to the identification doctrine
(and indeed this view was shared by Lord Brown in _Stone & Rolls_), because in
virtually all of them the person whose knowledge was attributed to the company
could be said to have been guilty of a fraud on or a breach of duty towards
the company. I accept that most of their Lordships in _Stone & Rolls_ seem to
have thought the _Hampshire Land_ principle relevant, but it is difficult to
extract a clear _ratio decidendi_ from the majority speeches, and in those
circumstances, notwithstanding the eminence of the court that decided it, I do
not consider _Stone & Rolls_ to be a strong authority on this point.

259 In fact, because I have not heard arguments on it, and because it is not
necessary to express a view on the matter in this case, I reserve my opinion
on whether the _Hampshire Land_ principle (especially in its broader
formulation) is good law, especially in the absence of any previous local
authority applying the _Hampshire Land_ principle. For present purposes, what
I will say is that, even if, contrary to my view, the _Hampshire Land_
principle is in theory applicable to the identification doctrine, Steve Kwan’s
knowledge was certainly not obtained by defrauding Universal, nor do I think
it can even be said that Steve Kwan’s knowledge was obtained in breach of duty
to Universal, and as such, the _Hampshire Land_ principle does not apply on
the facts.

(3) Conclusion on Universal’s knowledge

260 I therefore hold that, for the purposes of determining Universal’s
liability for unlawful means conspiracy, Steve Kwan is to be identified with
Universal, with the consequence that Steve Kwan’s knowledge is to be treated
as Universal’s.

261 With that in mind, it is now possible to discuss whether the various
requirements of unlawful means conspiracy have been satisfied in this case.

A combination of two or more persons and an unlawful act

262 As the Court of Appeal noted in Asian Corporate Services (SEA) Pte Ltd v
Eastwest Management Ltd (Singapore Branch) [2006] 1 SLR(R) 901 at [19]:

It is not often that the victim of a conspiracy will be able to obtain direct
evidence to prove the allegation. Proof of conspiracy is normally to be
inferred from other objective facts.

263 Similarly, in _Raiffeisen Zentralbank Osterreich AG v Archer Daniels
Midland Co and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 196 at [95] and [96], Andrew Ang J
stated that a combination or agreement between conspirators need not be in the
nature of an express agreement, and that the court may infer an agreement from
the acts of the parties alleged to be conspiring. Lai Kew Chai J in _Malaysian
International Trading Corp Sdn Bhd v Interamerica Asia Pte Ltd and others_
[2002] 2 SLR(R) 896 (“ _MITCO_ ”) at [59] was to similar effect: “evidence of
overt acts and omissions together are available to prove the fact of a
conspiratorial combination or agreement”.

264 In other words, the requirements of “combination” and “unlawful act”,
although in theory discrete, in practice often have to be considered together
because direct evidence of a combination is unlikely to be forthcoming, and
therefore proof of the agreement or combination is usually gathered from the
unlawful acts committed, for such acts are often sufficient (when taken with
any relevant surrounding circumstances) to justify the inference that their
commission was the product of concert between the alleged conspirators.

265 It should be clear from what I have said at [98] above that I consider
that there was certainly a combination between Zhongguang and KOSB in the
issuance of the Good Copy in early June 2008. Contrary to Ms Ang’s
submissions, I consider that there is no proof that Universal was a party to
the combination at this stage. That is not necessarily fatal, however, since
the conspirators need not all have joined in the scheme at the same time, nor
need each know what the other conspirators have agreed to do so long as they
are sufficiently aware of the surrounding circumstances and share the same
object: the question is how far each of the parties to the conspiracy was
aware of the plan and then “joined in the execution thereof” (see _OCM
Opportunities Fund II, LP and others v Burhan Uray (alias Wong Ming Kiong) and
others_ [2004] SGHC 115 at [49]).

266 Ms Ang submitted that Universal’s awareness of the plan or agreement for
KOSB to fraudulently obtain payment from BOC, and its participation therein,
could be inferred from the fact that Universal permitted KOSB to use BL4 to
obtain payment under the June L/C, despite Universal’s knowledge (attributed
via Steve Kwan) of the matters I have described at [210] above.

267 This raises the interesting question of whether, for the purposes of
unlawful means conspiracy, the “unlawful means” can be constituted by an
omission rather than an act.

268 Mr Gurbani contended vigorously that what was needed in order to establish
liability in unlawful means conspiracy was an “overt act” committed “in
furtherance of” the agreement or combination, and that here, Universal had
done nothing at all, which was neither an “overt act” nor “in furtherance of”
anything. Even if it could be said that Universal had passively assisted KOSB
in allowing KOSB to make use of BL4 to negotiate the June L/C, Mr Gurbani
argued that on the authority of _Credit Lyonnais Bank Nederland NV (now
Generale Bank Nederland NV) v Export Credit Guarantee Department_ [1998] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 19 (“ _Credit Lyonnais_ ”), that would not be sufficient, because
that would merely amount to facilitating, rather than procuring, KOSB’s tort.

269 I accept that many of the authorities on unlawful means conspiracy use the
term “overt act” in identifying the range of unlawful acts which may give rise
to a finding of conspiracy (see _MITCO_ at [263] above). I do not accept,
however, that a person can only ever be liable in unlawful means conspiracy by
acting rather than by omitting to act. It seems obvious to me that “unlawful
means” can be effected through an omission, and that, where the context
requires, “act” can mean “omission” (s 2(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,
2002 Rev Ed)). I am glad to find that a similar view was expressed in _obiter
dicta_ by Young J in _Reitano v Jones_ [2001] NSWSC 1076 at [32] to [39],
although that was a case of lawful means conspiracy.

270 As for Mr Gurbani’s reliance on _Credit Lyonnais_ , I should first point
out that the English Court of Appeal’s language of one conspirator “procuring”
his co-conspirator’s tort was based on the notion that the tort of conspiracy
could simply be equated with the doctrine of joint tortfeasance, a view which
can no longer stand in the light of _Total Network_ (see [101] to [104] (per
Lord Walker), [116] (per Lord Mance) and [225] (per Lord Neuberger)). Even on
its own terms, however, I do not think that _Credit Lyonnais_ assists Mr
Gurbani in any way, and it is necessary to explain the rather complex facts
and reasoning involved in that case in order to appreciate why.

271 A fraudster, Mr Chong, knew that the plaintiff bank (“Credit Lyonnais”)
could be induced to purchase bills of exchange drawn by an exporter on foreign
buyers against a guarantee from the defendant (“ECGD”) that the foreign buyer
would pay for the goods in due course according to the contract of sale. Mr
Chong had the idea of posing as an exporter of goods and conjuring up
fictitious contracts for the sale of goods supported by fraudulently drawn
bills of exchange with forged acceptances in the name of imaginary buyers, in
order to obtain money from Credit Lyonnais by selling it these forged accepted
bills of exchange. In order to effect this fraud, Mr Chong corrupted a senior
officer of ECGD (“Mr Pillai”) who dealt with the underwriting of the ECGD
guarantees. Initially, the guarantees were issued in the form of Comprehensive
Bank Guarantees (“CBGs”), but that part of the case is not material for
present purposes. Eventually ECGD decided to phase out the use of CBGs and
began issuing guarantees in the form of Specific Bank Guarantees (“SBGs”). Mr
Chong decided to use Mr Pillai to help him obtain SBGs, and in this connection
Mr Pillai wrote letters to Credit Lyonnais in January and May 1988 assuring it
that the relevant documentation was acceptable (“the acceptability letters”).
In all Credit Lyonnais was swindled of over £10m, and, Mr Chong having
absconded and Mr Pillai having passed away, it sued ECGD in both contract and
tort, but only the latter is relevant for present purposes: Credit Lyonnais
claimed that ECGD was vicariously liable for the acts of Mr Pillai in
authorising the underwriting of the SBGs, which, Credit Lyonnais argued, was
his essential role in the scheme and amounted to a conspiracy with Mr Chong to
deceive Credit Lyonnais.

272 Although the trial judge found that Mr Pillai, in authorising the
underwriting of the SBGs, was not a party to Mr Chong’s fraud, this finding
was reversed on appeal, it being conceded and accepted that, by signing the
acceptability letters in January and May 1988, Mr Pillai was clearly complicit
in Mr Chong’s fraud (at 32 (per Stuart-Smith LJ) and 40 (per Hobhouse LJ)).
That being so, the English Court of Appeal held that Mr Pillai’s assistance of
Mr Chong’s fraud, in issuing the acceptability letters and thus authorising
the issuing of the SBGs, was given in pursuance and furtherance of the common
design to deceive Credit Lyonnais, so as to render Mr Pillai liable in
conspiracy to deceive and as a joint tortfeasor in the tort of deceit (at 36
(per Stuart-Smith LJ) and 46 (per Hobhouse LJ)). This was because it was (at
36 (per Stuart-Smith LJ)):

… permissible to draw the inference of a common design from all the evidence
in the case, including that relating to the acceptability letters… The issue
of the SBGs was an essential part of the fraud, because without them the bank
would not have purchased the bills of exchange.

Thus, if matters had ended there (as they would have if, for instance, Mr
Chong and Mr Pillai had been sued personally by Credit Lyonnais for unlawful
means conspiracy), Credit Lyonnais would have succeeded against Mr Pillai.

273 This conclusion, however, was of no use to Credit Lyonnais, because it was
suing ECGD, and ECGD could not be held vicariously liable either for Mr
Pillai’s conspiracy to deceive or his deceit, as neither occurred in the
course of Mr Pillai’s employment because he had no authority from ECGD to sign
the acceptability letters (at 37 (per Stuart-Smith LJ) and 41 (per Hobhouse
LJ)). I have some reservations as to the correctness of this view (which was
not challenged in the subsequent appeal to the House of Lords in [2000] 1 AC
486 at 492)), in the light of the decision in _Lister and others v Hesley Hall
Ltd_ [2002] 1 AC 215 (see _Skandinaviska_ at [86]). In any event, it was in
those circumstances that counsel for ECGD was forced to rely on the argument
that Mr Pillai was guilty of a tort in knowingly assisting Mr Chong in the
commission of the latter’s tort by underwriting the SBGs (which was not in and
of itself unlawful), and that ECGD was vicariously liable for that assistance
(at 41 (per Hobhouse LJ)). That submission was rejected by the English Court
of Appeal, on the basis that mere facilitation of, or knowingly assisting in,
another’s tort did not amount to conspiracy to commit that tort, if it could
not be shown that this was done pursuant to and in furtherance of a common
design (at 46 (per Hobhouse LJ)).

274 The reason Mr Gurbani derives no help from _Credit Lyonnais_ is because,
as I have said (see [214] above), no question of vicarious liability arises in
this case; the question here is whether Universal, possessed as it was of
Steve Kwan’s knowledge, by allowing KOSB to make use of BL4 in the way that it
did, was guilty of “unlawful means”, and whether it can be inferred from that
that doing so was how Universal “joined in the execution” of a common design
to ensure that KOSB would obtain payment at the expense of BOC.

275 In my view, the answer is clear. Universal already knew, whether through
Steve Kwan or otherwise, that the Cargo (including the BL4 Cargo) had been
discharged on the Discharge Date against KOSB’s LOI, and that, under its
terms, BL4 was supposed to be returned to Universal and deemed accomplished
once it was obtained by KOSB. As a result of Steve Kwan’s knowledge, Universal
also knew that BL4 had at some point in fact been obtained by KOSB; that the
June L/C had been opened in KOSB’s favour and that it required, _inter alia_ ,
BL4 to be endorsed in blank; that BL4 therefore had to be endorsed in blank in
order to comply with the terms of the June L/C if KOSB was to negotiate it or
receive payment on maturity of the June B/E; that KOSB in fact endorsed BL4 in
blank and transferred it to Maybank as part of KOSB’s negotiation of the June
L/C; and that KOSB was thereby falsely representing that an accomplished bill
of lading was still valid, and intending that BL4 be so regarded, in order to
negotiate the June L/C or to secure payment upon maturity of the June B/E.

276 Knowing all this, Universal was in a position to prevent KOSB from
effecting the fraud by simply demanding the return of BL4, as it was fully
entitled to do. In addition, there was every reason for Universal to have done
so in light of its earlier breach of the presentation rule (_ie_ , delivery of
the BL4 Cargo without production of BL4), because as long as BL4 remained out
of Universal’s possession, there was every possibility that (as has happened
in this case) Universal would be exposed to liability from someone who came
into possession of BL4 and decided to sue Universal for misdelivery of the BL4
Cargo once it was discovered that the BL4 Cargo had been discharged otherwise
than against presentation of BL4.

277 Looking at all the facts, on analogy with what was said in _Credit
Lyonnais_ (see [272] above), the inference seems to me irresistible that
Universal was operating in furtherance of a common design with KOSB so as to
perpetuate an unlawful fraud by early June 2008: the blank endorsement of BL4
by KOSB was an essential part of the fraud, because without it there would
have been no compliance with the requirements of the June L/C and BOC would
not have disbursed funds thereunder to KOSB, and Universal not only knew all
this but also knew of KOSB’s blank endorsement of BL4, yet Universal did
nothing to prevent it, in circumstances where Universal had absolutely no
reason to allow such an endorsement. In my view, Universal’s conduct is only
explicable on the basis that it had come to an agreement with KOSB that the
latter could dishonestly make use of BL4 so as to trick BOC into advancing
funds under the June L/C.

278 Therefore, not only does _Credit Lyonnais_ not support Mr Gurbani’s
position, in fact it supports Ms Ang’s: just as what Mr Pillai did clearly
indicated that he was part of and furthering Mr Chong’s fraud, and thus
himself also guilty of fraud and unlawful means, what Universal did not do
here in my opinion also indicates that it was part of and furthering KOSB’s
fraud, and thus itself also guilty of fraud and unlawful means.

An intention to injure BOC

279 It appears that, consistently with the test of intention in the tort of
causing loss by unlawful means laid down by the House of Lords in _OBG Ltd and
another v Allan and others_ [2008] 1 AC 1 (“ _OBG v Allan_ ”), the
conspirators must have intended to cause loss to the plaintiff as an end in
itself or as a means to an end (see _The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd and
another v Baskan Gida Sanayi Ve Pazarlama AS and others_ [2009] EWHC 1276 (Ch)
at [833] and G Chan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2011) at paras 15.060 to 15.061). Given the character of the unlawful means
and the circumstances in which they were employed, Universal must have
intended to injure BOC (see s 108(_a_) of the Evidence Act). It is undeniable
that causing loss to BOC was a necessary means of achieving Universal’s and
KOSB’s common end of ensuring that KOSB received payment for the BL4 Cargo:
loss to BOC was very much the “obverse side of the coin” from gain to KOSB
(_OBG v Allan_ at [167] (per Lord Nicholls)).

Damage

280 That BOC has suffered loss is obvious, and forms the entire reason for
these proceedings. Mr Gurbani argued, however, that BOC’s loss was caused, not
by any alleged conspiracy, but by the financial straits of BOC’s customer,
Zhongguang.

281 In my view, once the necessary intention to injure is made out, the
requisite nexus between the unlawful means used and the loss suffered by BOC
is also made out, and it can thus be said that the economic harm suffered by
BOC was suffered “as a result of a conspiracy which was entered into with an
intention of injuring them by the means that were deliberately selected by the
conspirators” (_Total Network_ at [44] (per Lord Hope)).

Conclusion on BOC’s claim for civil conspiracy

282 For the foregoing reasons, I conclude that BOC’s succeeds in its claim
against Universal in the tort of conspiracy. It does so, however, on a more
limited basis than what was alleged in BOC’s pleadings (see [198] above): I
make no finding as to whether Dongma, KCB or Fordeco was a party to the
conspiracy, or as to whether Universal was aware that BOC had been deceived
into issuing the June L/C on the basis of the sham Good Copy, since those
matters are not relevant as far as Universal’s liability is concerned. A
conspirator need not know all the details of the plot as long as he is aware
of the common objective and what his role in bringing it about involves.

Conclusion

283 In conclusion, while BOC has no title to sue for Universal’s breach of
contract and Universal is not therefore liable to BOC in contract, Universal
is liable to BOC in tort on the basis of unlawful means conspiracy.

284 That being so, BOC is entitled to damages equivalent to the face value of
the June B/E (US$3,414,487.32) less the 15% received from Zhongguang as a
security deposit for opening the June L/C. According to my calculations, that
should come up to a figure of US$2,902,314.22, but BOC has in its pleadings
claimed a different figure of US$2,896,002.87.[note: 117] That latter figure
is based on BOC’s letter of demand to Zhongguang,[note: 118] and was confirmed
to be correct by BOC’s witnesses.[note: 119] In the circumstances, the better
course is for me to adopt BOC’s figure. Accordingly, there is judgment in
BOC’s favour for the sum of US$2,896,002.87.

285 In principle, expenses incurred in investigating and mitigating the
conspiracy are recoverable, provided they are directly attributable to the
conspiracy (see H McGregor, _McGregor on Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th ed,
2009) at para 40-024). However, as, BOC has not claimed for these expenses, I
make no award on, this head of damages. Furthermore, given the history of
these proceedings, _ie_ , the fact that the claim in conspiracy was only
prosecuted in September 2011, I consider that an award of interest based on s
12(1) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) would be inappropriate.

286 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Li Haifeng dated 19
October 2009 at para 9.

[note: 2]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at pp 4 to 5 and 10.

[note: 3]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at p 4; Transcript of
Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 11.

[note: 4]Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 1 (“1AB”) at p 99.

[note: 5]1AB at p 99.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents (“PB”) at pp 411 and 419.

[note: 7]PB at p 425.

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Documents for Cross-Examination at Tab 3.

[note: 9]1AB at pp 43 to 45; Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at
pp 4 to 6.

[note: 10]1AB at p 112.

[note: 11]1AB at p 39; Agreed Bundle of Documents Volume 2 (“2AB”) at pp 530
and 544; PB at p 425 and Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at p 5.

[note: 12]PB at pp 363 and 364.

[note: 13]1AB at p 130.

[note: 14]1AB at p 182.

[note: 15]1AB at p 188.

[note: 16]2AB at p 372.

[note: 17]Defendants’ Bundle of Documents filed 15 September 2011 (“2DB”) at
pp 68 to 78 and 82.

[note: 18]1AB 34.

[note: 19]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at pp 5 to 7.

[note: 20]1AB at p 100.

[note: 21]1AB at p 100.

[note: 22]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at p 3; Transcript of
Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 5.

[note: 23]2AB at p 418; Transcript of Evidence dated 3 March 2010 at p 44.

[note: 24]Transcript of Evidence dated 4 March 2010 at p13.

[note: 25]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at pp 8 to 9.

[note: 26]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 6.

[note: 27]2AB at pp 530 and 544; Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011
at p 7.

[note: 28]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 7.

[note: 29]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at pp 8 to 9.

[note: 30]AEIC of Wang Shi Hui dated 3 March 2010 at para 7.

[note: 31]AEIC of Wang Shi Hui dated 3 March 2010 at paras 8, 9 and 16.

[note: 32]2AB at p 436.

[note: 33]2AB at p 437.

[note: 34]2AB at p 439.

[note: 35]Transcript of Evidence dated 4 March 2010 at p 43

[note: 36]1AB at p 182.

[note: 37]Transcript of Evidence dated 4 March 2010 at p 63.

[note: 38]1AB at pp 130 to 134.

[note: 39]2DB 1-14.

[note: 40]1AB at pp 173to 177.

[note: 41]1AB at p 176.

[note: 42]AEIC of Kwan Ngen Wah dated 19 October 2009 at pp 10 to 23.

[note: 43]1AB at p 185.

[note: 44]1AB at pp 190 and 192.

[note: 45]AEIC of Kwan Ngen Wah dated 19 October 2009 at para 22; 1AB at pp
188 to 189.

[note: 46]Defendant’s Chronology of Events appended to its Opening Statement;
Transcript of Evidence dated 4 March 2010 at p 29.

[note: 47]1AB at pp 190 and 192.

[note: 48]1AB at pp 194 and 243.

[note: 49]1AB at p 147.

[note: 50]AEIC of Wang Shi Hui dated 3 March 2010 at paras 29 to 31.

[note: 51]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 23 and pp 300 to 301;
1 AB at pp 4 to 5.

[note: 52]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 27 and pp 303 to 305.

[note: 53]2AB at p 372.

[note: 54]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 30 and pp 326 to 331.

[note: 55]2AB at p 372.

[note: 56]2AB at p 373.

[note: 57]2AB at pp 372 to 377.

[note: 58]2AB at p 376.

[note: 59]2AB at p 373.

[note: 60]2AB at p 372.

[note: 61]2AB at p 383.

[note: 62]Transcript of Evidence dated 2November 2011 at p 128.

[note: 63]2AB 383

[note: 64]2AB at p 384.

[note: 65]2AB at p 385.

[note: 66]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 44.

[note: 67]1AB at p 177.

[note: 68]Transcript of Evidence dated 11 March 2010 at pp 18 to 20 and 64

[note: 69]1AB at pp 7 to 9; AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at paras
47to 50 and pp 378 to 380.

[note: 70]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at paras 52 to 58.

[note: 71]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at paras 59 to 66.

[note: 72]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 67.

[note: 73]AEIC of Li Haifeng dated 19 October 2009 at para 44.

[note: 74]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 68.

[note: 75]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 69.

[note: 76]AEIC of Li Haifeng dated 19 October 2009 at para 37.

[note: 77]2AB at p 489; AEIC of Li Haifeng dated 19 October 2009 at para 38.

[note: 78]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2010 at p 3.

[note: 79]PB at pp 363 to 365.

[note: 80]Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement dated 10 February 2010 at para 17.

[note: 81]Transcript of Evidence dated 11 March 2010 at p 72.

[note: 82]1AB at p 104.

[note: 83]2DB at pp 1 to 14.

[note: 84]2DB at p 48.

[note: 85]2DB at pp 66 to 67.

[note: 86]2DB at pp 68 to 70.

[note: 87]2DB at pp 71 to 77.

[note: 88]2DB at p 72.

[note: 89]2DB at p 78.

[note: 90]2DB at p 86.

[note: 91]Transcript of 4 March 2010 at p 41.

[note: 92]Transcript of 4 March 2010 at pp 40 and 41.

[note: 93]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 58.

[note: 94]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 27.

[note: 95]AEIC of Christopher David Edwards dated 1 February 2010 at pp 24 to
26.

[note: 96]Defendant’s Closing Submissions dated 11 March 2010 at para 22.

[note: 97]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at pp 99 and 133 to
134.

[note: 98]2DB at p 79

[note: 99]Affidavit of Kwan Ngen Chung dated 3 December 2008 at para 7.

[note: 100]1AB at p 176.

[note: 101]1AB at p 133.

[note: 102]1AB at p 176.

[note: 103]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions dated 11 March 2010 at para 57.

[note: 104]Transcript of Evidence dated 26 February 2008 at pp 33to 34.

[note: 105]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at para
20.

[note: 106]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at para
17.

[note: 107]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at paras
20(1) and 21(1).

[note: 108]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at para
21(1).

[note: 109]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at para
21(1).

[note: 110]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at paras
16, 20 to 22.

[note: 111]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011 at paras
16 and 20(3).

[note: 112]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions – Conspiracy dated 4 November 2011
at para 32 and Plaintiffs’ Reply Submissions – Conspiracy dated 11 November
2011 at para 10.

[note: 113]Affidavit of Kwan Ngen Chung dated 3 December 2008 at para 7.

[note: 114]2AB at pp 20, 21, 22, 24, 26, 27, 29, 30, 32, 34, 35, 36 and 37.

[note: 115]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 15.

[note: 116]Transcript of Evidence dated 2 November 2011 at p 29.

[note: 117]Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 3 October 2011.

[note: 118]2AB at p 487.

[note: 119]AEIC of Xue Feng dated 19 October 2009 at para 72.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

