Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Phuthita Somchit and another  
[2011] SGHC 67

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 52 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 March 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kenneth Yap, Stella Tan and Luke Tang (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Thrumurgan s/o Ramapiram (Thiru & Co) and
Amarick Singh Gill (Amarick Gill & Co) for the first accused; Singa Retnam
(Kertar & Co) and Nedumaran Muthukrishnan (K Krishna & Partners) for the
second accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Phuthita Somchit and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 20
of 2010 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 9 April 2012. See [2012] SGCA
25.]

25 March 2011|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The first accused (“Somchit”) and second accused (“Quek”) were jointly
charged with an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The charge (“First Charge”) read
as follows:

That you, |  1\. Phuthita Somchit 3\. Quek Hock Lye,  
---|---  
  
  

on or about the 3rd day of October 2008 in Singapore, together with one Winai
Phutthaphan, were parties to a criminal conspiracy, and in such capacity,
agreed and engaged with one another to do an illegal act, namely, to traffic
in diamorphine, a controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule
to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) (“the Act”), without any authorization
under the Act or the Regulations made thereunder, whereby the said Phuthita
Somchit was in possession of **not less than 62.14 grams of diamorphine** at
Block 21 Bedok Reservoir View #01-02, Aquarius by the Park, Singapore, for the
purpose of trafficking in pursuance of the said conspiracy, an offence under
section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Act, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 120B of the Penal Code (Cap 224)
read with section 33 of the Act.

2 At the commencement of the trial, the prosecution applied to stand down a
second charge against Quek under the same provisions of the Act, which I
allowed. The prosecution and both counsel for Somchit and Quek tendered a
statement of agreed facts (“SAF”) pursuant to s 376(1) of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The effect of this was that the
facts stated in the SAF were conclusively proved in this trial. I set out
below the SAF in its entirety (incorporating amendments made at the end of the
first day of the trial):

**THE ACCUSED PERSONS**

1\. The accused persons are:

(a) Phuthita Somchit, a female Thai National / 34 years old, FIN No. G9046929R
(“**Somchit** ”); and

(b) Quek Hock Lye, a male Singaporean / 44 years old, NRIC No. S1680916J
(“**Quek** ”).

2\. The accomplice is Winai Phutthaphan, a male Thai National / 25 years old,
FIN No. G9046933P (“**Winai** ”).

3\. Somchit is Quek’s girlfriend. She is also the aunt of **Winai** ’s wife.

**THE ACCUSED PERSONS’ PLACE OF RESIDENCE**

4\. On the day of their arrest, the place of residence of Winai, Somchit and
Quek was at Block 21 Bedok Reservoir View #01-02, Aquarius by the Park,
Singapore.

5\. Investigations revealed that Quek had entered into a lease agreement dated
6 September 2008 for the rental of the unit. He had done this by using his
forged driving licence under the name of “Lim Chay Yong”. He had also informed
the landlord that Somchit and one Wannarat Tancharoen will also be staying at
the unit. He had produced photocopies of their passports as well as his forged
driving licence, which were then attached to the lease agreement.

6\. Investigations further revealed that Quek had asked Winai to move into
Block 21 Bedok Reservoir View #01-02 on the day before 3 October 2008.

**EVENTS LEADING TO THE ARREST**

7\. On 3 October 2008, at about 7.45 p.m., a team of officers from the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) consisting of Assistant Superintendent of Police Tai
Kwong Yong (“ASP Tai”), Station Inspector Neo Han Siong (“SI Neo”), Senior
Staff Sergeant Pang Hee Lim Joe (“SSSgt Joe Pang”) and Staff Sergeant Yeo
Kheng Wei Daniel (“SSgt Daniel Yeo”) arrested **Quek** next to his rented
vehicle, a red colour car SJJ 2514A (“the car”), which was parked next to the
badminton hall along Pine Lane, Singapore.

8\. After **Quek** was arrested, ASP Tai opened the rear left door of the car
and saw a “Nokia” handphone box on the floor mat on the floorboard. ASP Tai
then placed it back on the floor mat. The team of CNB officers then escorted
**Quek** to the multi-storey car park at Block 56A, Cassia Crescent, to
conduct a search on him and the car. SI Neo drove the red car SJJ 2514A, with
**Quek** , SSgt Daniel Yeo and ASP Tai inside, while SSSgt Joe Pang drove the
CNB operations car to the same carpark.

9\. At the carpark, SSSgt Joe Pang and SSgt Daniel Yeo guarded **Quek** ,
while ASP Tai and SI Neo searched the car. ASP Tai and SI Neo recovered,
amongst other things, cash amounting to a total of S$5948.00, from various
parts of the car.

10\. SSSgt Joe Pang also searched and recovered one (1) bunch of four (4) keys
attached to a key tag with the words “21 Aquarius #01-02” written on it from
**Quek’s** trousers’ pocket. **Quek** was questioned on the exact address to
which the keys belonged, but he did not reveal the address. SSSgt Joe Pang
then handed the keys over to ASP Tai, who reported to CNB Headquarters (“HQ”)
about the keys. ASP Tai’s team of CNB officers subsequently received
instructions to proceed to Block 21, Bedok Reservoir View, #01-02, Aquarius by
the Park (“the unit”) to conduct a raid.

11\. Other CNB officers consisting of Woman Assistant Superintendent of Police
Tan Siew Fong (“W/ASP Tan”), Senior Staff Sergeant Chong Wee Loong Henry
(“SSSgt Henry Chong”) and Sergeant Low Yew Weng James (“Sgt James Low”) had
also arrived at the multi-storey car park at Block 56A, Cassia Crescent, to
provide reinforcement to ASP Tai’s team.

12\. On the same day (3 October 2008), at about 8.45 p.m., the CNB officers
escorted **Quek** and reached Block 21, Aquarius by the Park, Bedok Reservoir
View. Thereat, ASP Tai tasked SI Neo and SSSgt Joe Pang to proceed to check
out the unit discreetly. SSSgt Joe Pang subsequently spotted **Winai** at the
door to the unit. However, when Winai saw SSSgt Joe Pang, Winai quickly turned
and walked away from the door of the unit. SSSgt Joe Pang and SI Neo Han Siong
(“SI Neo”) then proceeded to follow Winai, and they reported this over the
radio set.

13\. ASP Tai then proceeded to raid the unit with W/ASP Tan, SSSgt Henry Chong
and Sgt James Low. They gained access to the unit by using the bunch of keys
that had been recovered from **Quek** earlier. SSgt Daniel Yeo was guarding
**Quek** in the car during this time.

14\. After entering the unit, the CNB officers arrested **Somchit** , as well
as one Wannarat Tancharoen (FIN No.: G9046930X) and one Samruai Phutthawan
(FIN No.: G9046931U) within the unit.

15\. Meanwhile, SSSgt Joe Pang and SI Neo had arrested **Winai** near the
poolside. Cash amounting to a total of S$2700.00 was seized from a black
colour sling bag that **Winai** was carrying at the time of his arrest.

16\. ASP Tai subsequently gave instructions for **Quek** and **Winai** to be
brought to the unit.

**EXHIBITS SEIZED IN THE UNIT**

17\. CNB officers conducted a search of the unit. There were 3 rooms: one was
a master bedroom (later established to be occupied by Quek and Somchit), one
was a guests’ room (occupied by Winai, Wannarat, Samruai and an unknown female
Thai National named Min) and a third room was a “study room”.

18\. CNB officers subsequently searched and recovered, amongst other things,
the following items from the unit:

_On the television console in the living room_

18.1 One (1) “Nokia speaker” box containing:

(a) three (3) big plastic bags containing a total of fifteen (15) packets of
granular substances (“**A1A1** ”).

_From a cupboard in the study room_ :

18.2 One (1) white bag containing:

(a) One (1) yellow plastic bag containing:

(i) One (1) “Airwick” plastic box which contained the following:

? Eleven (11) packets of granular substance (“**B1A1A** ”);

? One (1) big packet of granular substance (“**B1A1B** ”); and

? Five (5) packets of granular substance inside a plastic packet (“**B1A1C1**
”).

(ii) Five (5) packets of granular substance inside a plastic packet
(“**B1A2A** ”); and

(iii) Fifty (50) tablets in foil packaging;

(b) One (1) purple plastic box containing four (4) packets of crystalline
substance;

(c) One (1) brown paper carton box which contained the following:-

(i) Seventeen (17) plastic packet containing a total of eighty-five (85)
packets of granular substance (“**B1C1A** ”); and

(ii) Two (2) packets of granular substance (“**B1C2** ”).

(d) One (1) bundle wrapped with black tape, which was unwrapped and found to
contain two (2) green paper packets, which contained one (1) packet of
crystalline substance each.

18.3 One (1) black and white plastic bag containing two (2) digital weighing
scales (“C1A and C1B”);

18.4 One (1) brown paper shoe box containing one (1) electric sealer (“C2A”);

18.5 One (1) paper box containing three (3) paper cutters and one (1) double-
sided tape; and

18.6 One (1) paper box containing numerous straws.

_On a table in the study room_

18.7 One (1) exercise book with a yellow cover (“E6”);

18.8 One (1) packet of rubber bands, one (1) roll of aluminium foil and one
(1) packet of empty plastic packets (“E9”).

19\. Three (3) other exercise books were found in the master bedroom which was
occupied by **Somchit** and **Quek**. A plastic bag containing S$4,880.00, a
flowery handbag containing S$715.00 and a colourful handbag containing
S$10,000.00 [i.e. total cash of S$15,595.00] were also found in the master
bedroom.

**ESCORTING OF THE ACCUSED PERSONS TO CNB HQ**

20\. On 4 October 2008, at about 1.40 a.m., and after the photograph-taking of
the exhibits, **Somchit** was escorted by W/ASP Tan and Staff Sergeant Oh Kian
Seng Kelvin (“SSgt Kelvin Oh”) from the unit to CNB HQ. They arrived at CNB HQ
at about 2.00 a.m.

21\. As for **Quek** , on 4 October 2008, at about 1.40 a.m. and after the
photograph-taking of the exhibits, he was escorted by ASP Tai, SI Neo, SSSgt
Henry Chong and SSgt Daniel Yeo, from the unit to his official residence at
Block 110, Whampoa Road, #03-25, Singapore 321110 for a house raid. **Quek**
informed that he had sold the flat sometime back and did not have the keys to
the flat. The CNB officers knocked on the door for about 10 minutes. There was
no response and they then escorted **Quek** to and arrived at CNB HQ at about
2.15 a.m.

**MEDICAL EXAMINATIONS**

22\. On 4 October 2008, at about 4.45 a.m., **Somchit** was escorted by CNB
officers to Alexandra Hospital (“AH”) for her pre-statement medical
examination. She arrived at AH at about 5.00 a.m. and was examined by the
doctor. After her medical examination, she was escorted to and arrived at CNB
HQ at about 5.50 a.m.

23\. On the same day (4 October 2008), at about 5.50 a.m., **Quek** was
escorted by CNB officers to AH for a pre-statement medical examination. He
arrived at AH at about 6.05 a.m. and was examined by the doctor. After his
medical examination, he was escorted to and arrived at CNB HQ at about 6.35
a.m.

24\. On the same day (4 October 2008), at about 7.20 a.m., **Somchit** and
**Quek** were escorted by CNB officers to AH for their post-statement medical
examinations. They arrived at AH at about 7.40 a.m. and they were examined by
the doctors. After their medical examinations, they were escorted to and
arrived at the Subordinate Courts lock-up at about 8.15 a.m.

**PERSONAL PROPERTIES OF ACCUSED PERSONS**

25\. On 4 October 2008, at about 5.50 a.m., W/ASP Tan handed over the
following personal properties of **Somchit** to Assistant Superintendent of
Police Stanley Seah Choon Keng (“ASP Stanley Seah”):

i) Three(3) Nokia handphones with battery and SIM card;

ii) One (1) Samsung handphone with battery and SIM card;

iii) One (1) Nokia speaker;

iv) One (1) Nokia earpiece;

v) Three (3) Nokia chargers;

vi) One (1) pink MooDo MP3 player;

vii) One (1) Sennheiser headphone;

viii) One (1) colourful handbag;

ix) One (1) white bag with red flowery prints and the words “ksports”;

x) One (1) small black coloured purse with the word “COMPLETE”;

xi) One (1) transparent make-up kit pouch;

xii) One (1) small red coloured coin purse;

xiii) Thai currency amounting to Baht 460.00

xiv) Singapore currency amounting to S$1.00;

xv) One (1) Siam Commercial Bank mastercard;

xvi) Three (3) yellow-coloured earrings with white stones;

xvii) Two (2) silver-coloured earrings with white stones;

xviii) One (1) silver-coloured earring with pink stone;

xix) One (1) yellow-coloured dragon pendant;

xx) One (1) yellow-coloured necklace with wordings, attached with a round
pendant;

xxi) One (1) yellow-coloured ring with a white stone; and

xxii) One Thailand passport with passport number U679808.

26\. On the same day, at about 7.35 a.m., ASP Tai handed over the following
personal properties of **Quek** to ASP Stanley Seah:

i) Three (3) Nokia handphones with battery and SIM cards;

ii) One (1) Nokia handphone with battery only;

iii) One (1) LG handphone with battery only;

iv) One (1) MP4 handphone with earpiece and battery only;

v) Singapore currency amounting to S$4.45;

vi) One (1) silver-coloured watch bearing the word “Tudor”;

vii) One (1) black pouch containing:-

a) Two (2) Starhub top-up cards;

b) One (1) Esso reward card;

c) Two (2) “Tai Siang” pawnshop tickets;

d) One (1) yellow-coloured figurine;

e) One (1) string attached with a piece of grey-coloured metal;

f) One (1) black wallet;

g) Two (2) EZ link cards; and

h) Two (2) cash cards.

viii) Assorted namecards and papers with writings;

ix) Two (2) necklaces attached with pendants;

x) Two (2) brown rings with stones;

xi) One (1) key;

xii) One (1) black cap;

xiii) One (1) handphone charger; and

xiv) One (1) bunch of four (4) keys with a keytag written with the words
“Aquarius #01-02”.

27\. ASP Tai also handed over to ASP Stanley Seah a total of S$5,948.00, which
had been recovered from **Quek**.

**HSA ANALYSIS OF DRUG EXHIBITS**

28\. The one hundred and twenty-four (124) packets of granular substance,
which were recovered from the unit, were subsequently analysed by the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) and found to contain a total of not less than
**62.14 grams** of diamorphine.

29\. The following table shows the results of the HSA analysis:

S/N |  Exhibit Labelling |  Description |  Gross weight |  Amount of diamorphine |  Page of [Agreed Bundle (“AB”)]  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  A1A1 |  15 packets |  112.7 g |  7.43 g |  Page 118  
2 |  B1A1A |  11 packets |  80.26 g |  2.20 g |  Page 119  
3 |  B1A1B |  1 packet |  225.4 g |  6.37 g |  Page 120  
4 |  B1A1C1 |  5 packets |  37.41 g |  1.01 g |  Page 121  
5 |  B1A2A |  5 packets |  37.07 g |  1.07 g |  Page 122  
6 |  B1C1A |  85 packets |  639.6 g |  43.38 g |  Page 123  
7 |  B1C2 |  2 packets |  11.30 g |  0.68 g |  Page 124  
|  |  _Total_ :  124 packets |  _Total_ 1143.74 g |  _Total_ : 62.14 g |   
  
  

**HSA ANALYSIS OF URINE SAMPLES**

30\. **Somchit** , **Quek** and **Winai** provided their urine samples for
analysis. **Somchit** ’s urine samples were only tested positive for
methamphetamine. **Winai** ’s urine samples were not tested positive for any
controlled drug. **Quek** ’s urine samples were only tested positive for
methamphetamine and nimetazpam. The urine samples of all three of them were
tested negative for morphine.

3 The prosecution called a total of 45 witnesses to give evidence on its
behalf. At the end of the prosecution’s case, I found that a _prima facie_
case had been made against Somchit and Quek and called upon them to give
evidence in their defence. Somchit elected to give evidence as well as call
witnesses to give evidence in her defence. Quek elected to remain silent.
Before going further, it should be clarified that Somchit also refers to Quek
as “Wan” and Winai Phutthaphan (“Winai”) as “Od”.

The case for and against Somchit

4 The following were the evidence against Somchit. 124 packets of white
granular substance comprising not less than 62.14 grams of diamorphine (“the
seized drugs”) were found at Block 21 Bedok Reservoir View #01-02 Aquarius by
the Park (“Bedok Condominium”), where Somchit resided. Somchit admitted to
being in possession of the seized drugs, and in any event, that was clear from
the evidence. Not only did Somchit know of the existence of the seized drugs,
she was also the one who handed the Nokia Speaker Box (A1) to Winai and the
one who kept the white bag (B1). By operation of s 18(2) of the Act, Somchit
was “presumed to have known the nature” of the seized drugs. As far as
trafficking was concerned, Somchit readily admitted her involvement with
Quek’s drug dealings[note: 1]. She was involved in the packing process, took
orders from customers, instructed Winai to deliver packets of drugs to
customers, and kept records of the sales. However Somchit denied knowledge
that the seized drugs were diamorphine. The sole issue, as far as Somchit was
concerned, was whether she had rebutted the presumption in s 18(2) of the Act.

Somchit’s statements to the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)

5 Somchit made a number of statements to the CNB officers from the time she
was arrested. On the night of the arrest (3 October 2008), W/ASP Tan Siew Fong
(“W/ASP Tan”) questioned her on various items in the Bedok Condominium. A Thai
interpreter, Orawan Triteeyaprasert (PW40), interpreted from English to Thai
and vice versa. The following is an extract from the question and answer
record, which was given within three hours of her apprehension:

Q6:What do the customer(s) buy from ‘Wan’?

A6:White-colour

Q7:What do you mean by white colour?

A7:I do not know what is the white colour. ‘Wan’ only engage me to help him
pack into smaller packets and he will pay me for the work.

6 At 6.31am on 4 October 2008, at the CNB headquarters, after she was charged,
Somchit said as follows in answer to it:

I know the white colour item is one kind of drug which is controlled. However
I do not know what is the effect of the drug and I also do not know how heavy
of the sentence for the offence. My boyfriend told me if anything happen
regarding the drug it will have no problem for me, the worst they will just
send me back to Thailand and he will admit that all the drug belong to him.
This is the reason why I help him.

7 Somchit subsequently gave a number of long statements to the CNB, all of
which she agreed to admit in evidence. In relation to the issue of her
knowledge of the nature of the seized drugs, the following are relevant:

(a) Statement recorded on 6 October 2008 at 3.30pm

5 … I do know that the white substance are drugs but I do not know exactly
what type of drugs it is. I ever asked my boyfriend what drug is that but my
boyfriend told me that I do not need to know.

(b) Statement recorded on 7 October 2008 at 10.55am

15 … When I saw the white colour substance, I asked ‘Wan’ what it is the white
colour substance and he answered me that this is his job …

16 … ‘Wan’ did not tell me what the white colour substance is but I think it
is drugs because once ‘Wan’ came home, he asked me to closed [sic] up
everything. I suspect the reason for doing this is that substance he brought
back is illegal.

(c) Statement recorded on 7 October 2008 at 2.45pm

18 After the first time I saw ‘Wan’ packed the white substance, he did not
bring home anymore white substance until 2 days later. About 2 days later
‘Wan’ came home with a shopping bag … I asked ‘Wan’ if he need me to help him
pack white substance and he say ‘Ok’. I know that the white substance is a
kind of drug because when ‘Wan’ brought home this kind of white colour
substance the first time, I did ask him if it is drugs and he say ‘Yes’.

…

23 … When I came to know that the white substance is drugs, I did inform ‘Od’
that what he is carrying is drugs. I told him to finish up his visa make some
money for the time being and go back to Thailand when his visa expired.

(d) Statement recorded on 16 January 2009 at 10.00am

42 I am asked with regards to paragraph 16, what do I mean by close everything
when Wan comes home with the white colour substance. I mean to say he will ask
me to close the curtains and check that the main door was locked. In the same
paragraph, I had also said that I suspected that the reason that he did this
was because the substance was illegal. I am asked why I had not left him, left
the place or reported to the police if I had suspected that the things were
illegal. Actually, I wanted to leave him. However, I had no money and I still
depended on him for my livelihood. Secondly, I still loved him. Thirdly, I
thought it was not a very serious matter as Wan did not appear that he was
afraid. He behaved normally.

43 I am asked if I had suspected that the white substance were drugs. I
suspected that they were because Wan always told [me] not to let anybody see
the white substances. But I do not know what time of drugs they were…

44 With regards to paragraph 23 of my statement, I said that I had told Od
that he was carrying drugs. I decided to tell him as I wanted to let him make
his own decision as to whether to continue working or to stop, and I will
respect his decision. He was surprised when I told him that he was carrying
drugs, but he was not angry. Od did ask me if they are really drugs, and I
replied that I think so. He then told me to let him continue working till his
visa expired and he will go back. He told [me] that at least he can have some
money to return home. He also told me to go back together with him as he was
worried about me. I had intended to go back with him and not return to
Singapore anymore. He also asked me if I was scared and I said I was. When he
said scared, he meant how are our families to survive if something happened to
us.

…

49 I am asked if I had I [sic] ever told Od that what he was carrying were
herbs. I am not sure, but I am very sure that eventually, I had told him that
the white substance are drugs …

Somchit’s evidence at trial

8 Somchit related her background[note: 2]. She was born in 1975 and had only
completed primary school after which she went out to work. She first worked as
a masseuse and then turned to prostitution. She had married a man but
subsequently divorced him. She has two sons, presently aged 19 and 17. This
meant that she became a mother at the age of 15 or 16 years. She had at some
stage visited London for a short period, where she worked as a prostitute.
Around 2004, she came to Singapore, also to work as a prostitute. She would
remain here for two weeks to a month each time, until her social visit pass
expired. She plied the alleys of Geylang, earning about $2,500 to $3,000 per
month. This was her source of income out of which she supported her mother,
two sons, a niece and nephew. Her family members were not aware that she was
working as a prostitute. Quek was one of her clients; she had first met him
around June 2007. Shortly thereafter, they took a liking to each other and
Somchit stopped working as a prostitute when Quek offered to take care of her.
Since then, Somchit would travel back and forth from Thailand and live with
Quek whenever she was in Singapore. Quek was supportive both of Somchit and
her family in Thailand – he gave her an average of $2,000 a month and even
conversed over the telephone with the members of her family. Their
relationship progressed to the point where they discussed marriage. Sometime
in the middle of August 2008, Somchit arranged for her nephew, Winai, to come
to Singapore to work for Quek. Quek agreed to pay him 25,000 baht (equivalent
to S$1,000) a month. Winai came to Singapore on 24 August 2008[note: 3]
(Somchit was not in Singapore at that time).

9 Somchit recounted her first encounters with Quek’s drug dealings[note: 4].
She returned to Singapore on 28 August 2008. The first time she saw the drugs
Quek dealt with (which turned out to be diamorphine) was a few days after
moving into the Bedok Condominium on 6 September 2008. Quek asked her to close
the door and windows. They then went into the study room and Quek took a black
bundle out of a plastic bag. Quek walked to the kitchen, and cut open the
black bundle which contained a white substance which he then poured into a
bowl and started repacking into other packets. Due to the surreptitious
circumstances, Somchit suspected that the white substance was illegal and
asked Quek if it was a drug and he admitted that it was. Somchit then
contacted Winai and informed him that Quek was dealing with “ _yaaseptit_ ”
(which she understood to mean narcotic or illegal drug). Somchit told Winai
that they should go back to Thailand after their visa expired. Subsequently,
on a second occasion, Somchit again questioned Quek if the white substance was
a drug and Quek again admitted that it was. Somchit asked Quek what type of
drug it was. Quek did not tell her the name of the drug, but told her it was a
“not serious drug” and that if anything were to happen, she would be sent back
to Thailand. Upon hearing Quek’s assurance, Somchit volunteered her help with
the packing of the drugs.

10 When asked by counsel why she believed Quek’s representations, Somchit
stated the following[note: 5]:

QOkay. When he told you it was not a serious drug and he said won’t have
serious effect on you, did you trust him?

AYes, I believe him.

QWhy did you believe him?

ABecause the first time when I asked him, he told me it’s yaaseptit. Second
time, he also answered me yaaseptit. He never lie to me. That’s why I trust
him.

...

QIf your boyfriend has told you this was medicine --- ... or flour --- ...
would you have believed him?

AI --- I won’t believe him.

Somchit also answered to the following when asked by counsel[note: 6]:

QIf your boyfriend ... had told you, “No, this is a serious drug” ... would
you have volunteered to help him pack?

ANo, I--- I don’t think so.

...

Q... And if it was --- he told you it was serious drug, what would you have
told him?

AIf he were to --- told me that this was a serious drug, I would tell him to
stop and talk about it, “since you have future with me”.

Finally, Somchit testified that while she had heard of other drugs which in
Thai she referred to as “Yaba” and “Ganja”, she had no knowledge of “Phong
Khaou”, which the Thai interpreter explained was the Thai term for
heroin[note: 7].

Winai’s evidence

11 The third person to the alleged conspiracy, Winai, gave evidence for the
prosecution. Having heard his evidence which was also tested during cross-
examination, I found it to be inconsistent in parts. For example, Winai
initially testified that Somchit never told him that the drugs were
_yaaseptit_ (the Thai interpreter explained that this was a general term for
narcotic or illegal drug). However, subsequently, he claimed that he could not
remember if she did[note: 8]. Another example related to whether Winai made
any drug deliveries for Quek between 26-28 August 2008, _ie_ the two days
during which Winai was alone in Singapore with Quek. Winai stated in his
statement to the CNB[note: 9] (dated 8 October 2008) that because he could not
understand Quek’s instructions, he refused to make any deliveries. At trial,
Winai testified that in fact, he did make deliveries when he understood Quek’s
instructions or when Somchit translated Quek’s instructions to him by
phone.[note: 10] When cross-examined on the apparent inconsistency, Winai
explained that when his statement was being recorded, he informed the
interpreter and recording officer that he did make deliveries.[note: 11]
Nevertheless, even taking Winai’s statement at its highest, two points may be
noted. The first was that at no time did Winai allege that Somchit knew that
the drugs they dealt with were heroin. The second was that Winai consistently
stated that he was asked to make drug deliveries by Quek. These points will be
further discussed below.

The prosecution’s submissions

12 The prosecution submitted that Somchit had failed to rebut the presumption
under s 18(2) of the Act. Firstly, the prosecution submitted that the relevant
authorities supported the first interpretation of _Tan Kiam Peng v Public
Prosecutor_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 1 _(“Tan Kiam Peng_ ”) _ie_ that the prosecution
need only to prove that the accused knew that he or she was in possession of a
controlled drug (see below at [19]). Since Somchit admitted that she knew the
seized drugs were illegal, on this interpretation, the prosecution would have
proven the charge beyond reasonable doubt.

13 Secondly, in any case, Somchit had actual knowledge that she was dealing in
diamorphine:

(a) Somchit knew and referred to the seized drugs as the “white substance” or
“white one”, which were common parlance for diamorphine.

(b) When Somchit informed Winai that they were dealing with drugs, he asked
her if she was scared and she said that she was; this suggested that Somchit
knew that the drugs she was dealing in attracted severe penalties under the
law.

(c) Somchit was intimately involved with the trafficking process. Not only did
she pack the drugs into 8-gram packets, as was the market practice for selling
diamorphine, she also dealt directly with customers. Furthermore, she knew
that the drugs were sold at a high price (between S$240 to S$320 per packet)
and she was remunerated lucratively for her work.

(d) Somchit was not a stranger to controlled drugs. She consumed
methamphetamine (“Ice”) and was introduced to nimetazepam (“Erimin 5”) by
Quek. It would have been odd that when it came to diamorphine, Quek did not
even mention its name to her. She had also witnessed firsthand the way by
which it was consumed by Quek and the effects it had on him. Given the
intimacy of their relationship, as Somchit had claimed, there was no reason
why Quek would refrain from referring to the drugs as “ _peh hoon_ ” or
withhold from her the fact that it was diamorphine.

(e) It was inconceivable that during the period in which she assisted Quek,
which lasted almost one month, Somchit had never heard Quek refer to the drugs
as “ _peh hoon_ ”.

From the above, the prosecution submitted that Somchit was not an innocent
courier in a one-off transaction. Instead, she was intimately involved in the
entire transaction and her behaviour suggested that she must have known the
nature of the seized drugs. Furthermore, the prosecution submitted that
Somchit’s claim that Quek had told her that the drugs he dealt with were “not
serious” drugs was an after-thought, which she did not mention in any of her
nine statements to the CNB officers (comprising of contemporaneous statements,
cautioned statement and long statements). Likewise, it was not apparent from
Winai’s evidence that Somchit thought that the drugs were “not serious”.

14 Thirdly, even if she did not have actual knowledge that the seized drugs
were diamorphine, she was at least wilfully blind as to its nature. In
particular, the circumstances surrounding the drug dealings were suspicious.
For example, Quek had asked her to lock the doors, close the windows and draw
the curtains when he packed drugs in the Bedok Condominium. Furthermore,
Somchit was not a stranger to drugs, and knew that it was illegal to deal in
controlled drugs. In fact, she was worried when she first learnt that Quek
dealt with controlled drugs. Against this backdrop, although she had
opportunities to probe further _eg_ by asking Quek or the customers, she chose
to turn a blind eye and was content to rely on Quek’s answers without
attempting further to ascertain the true nature of the drugs.

The defence’s submissions

15 The defence submitted that Somchit had rebutted the presumption under s
18(2) of the Act. Firstly, the defence submitted that Somchit did not have
actual knowledge of the nature of the seized drugs. In her statements to the
CNB officers and her testimony in court subsequently, Somchit freely and
readily admitted to her involvement in the trafficking process, but did not at
any point concede that she knew that the drugs she dealt with was diamorphine.
In fact, Somchit’s statements to the CNB were consistent with her defence at
trial. Furthermore, neither Winai’s evidence nor Quek’s statements to the CNB
suggested that Somchit was aware of the nature of the seized drugs. Secondly,
the defence submitted that Somchit was not “wilfully blind” but “rendered
blind” by her trust in Quek and her belief in the representations made by
Quek. Somchit had no reason to disbelieve Quek as he treated her well, and did
not conceal the fact that the drugs he dealt with were a controlled drug.

The law

16 Subsections (1) and (2) of s 18 of the Act provide as follows:

(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or under
his control —

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

(c) the keys of any place or premises or any part thereof in which a
controlled drug is found; or

(d) a document of title relating to a controlled drug or any other document
intended for the delivery of a controlled drug,

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

These provisions establish two presumptions in the law. The first is the
presumption of possession in s 18(1) of the Act. Any person who is proved to
have in his possession, custody or control anything containing a controlled
drug or the keys to anything, place or premises which contain a controlled
drug, shall be presumed to have had that drug in his possession. This
presumption extends to possession of any document intended for delivery of a
controlled drug. The second is the presumption of knowledge – once possession
is proved or presumed under s 18(1), s 18(2) of the Act operates to presume
that the person knew the nature of that drug. The effect of this is to place
on the accused the burden of proving, on a balance of probability, that he did
not know the “nature of the drug”.

17 I first considered _Warner v Metropolitan Police Commissioner_ [1969] 2 AC
256 _(“Warner”)_ , the English authority that had spawned the precedents in
Singapore on s 18 of the Act. The appellant in _Warner_ had picked up two
parcels from a cafe which he believed had contained scent. However one parcel
contained amphetamine sulphate tablets, a substance specified in the Schedule
to the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act 1964 (c 64) (“the 1964 Drugs Act”) and
possession of which would, without lawful authority, be an offence under s
1(1). The point of law that was stated by the English Court of Appeal to the
House of Lords was:

[w]hether for the purposes of section 1 of the [1964 Drugs Act], a defendant
is deemed to be in possession of a prohibited substance when to his knowledge
he is in physical possession of the substance but is unaware of its true
nature.

The House ruled, by a majority, that s 1 of the 1964 Drugs Act was an absolute
offence and a person in possession of any of the scheduled drugs without
lawful authority commits an offence even if he had no knowledge that it was a
scheduled drug. In his judgment, Lord Pearce said (at 304–306) that
parliamentary intention in the 1964 Drugs Act was to prevent or curtail the
drug traffic and the term “possession” must not be construed so narrowly “as
to stultify the practical efficacy of the Act or so broad that its creates
absurdity or injustice.” He reasoned that it could not have been intended to
be a defence for an unauthorised person to show that he possessed the drugs
for a laudable purpose but on the other hand, it could not have been the
intention that a person would be guilty if he did not know he had the thing at
all. Lord Pearce concluded that “possession” would exclude the situation where
the thing had been planted on him without his knowledge, but it would cover
one in which the person had knowledge of the existence of the thing itself but
not its qualities. In relation to things in containers, Lord Pearce said as
follows at 305-306:

The situation with regard to containers presents further problems. If a man is
in possession of the contents of a package, prima facie his possession of the
package leads to the strong inference that he is in possession of its
contents. But can this be rebutted by evidence that he was mistaken as to its
contents? As in the case of goods that have been "planted" in his pocket
without his knowledge, so I do not think that he is in possession of contents
which are quite different in kind from what he believed. Thus the prima facie
assumption is discharged if he proves (or raises a real doubt in the matter)
either (a) that he was a servant or bailee who had no right to open it _and_
no reason to suspect that its contents were illicit or were drugs or (b) that
although he was the owner he had no knowledge of (including a genuine mistake
as to) its actual contents or of their illicit nature and that he received
them innocently and also that he had had no reasonable opportunity since
receiving the package of acquainting himself with its actual contents. For a
man takes over a package or suitcase at risk as to its contents being unlawful
if he does not immediately examine it (if he is entitled to do so). As soon as
may be he should examine it and if he finds the contents suspicious reject
possession by either throwing them away or by taking immediate sensible steps
for their disposal.

So to read the Act would, I think, accord with what Parliament intended and
would give it a sense which would accord with the practical views of a jury,
although I realise that a deeper investigation of the legal implications of
possession might support various differing views. It would leave some
unfortunate victims of circumstances who move innocently but rashly in shady
surroundings and who carry packages or tablets for strangers or unreliable
friends. But I think even they would have an opportunity of ventilating their
story and in some cases, if innocent of any knowledge and bad motives,
obtaining an acquittal. Some of the persons in some of the rather far-fetched
circumstances which have been envisaged in argument would still be left in
difficulties. But I do not think that Parliament intended to cater for them in
its efforts to stop a serious evil.

[emphasis in original]

18 In _Tan Ah Tee and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1979-1980] SLR(R) 311 (“
_Tan Ah Tee_ ”), the second appellant claimed that she did not know that the
contents of the plastic bag she was carrying were diamorphine. Her contention
before the Court of Appeal (“CA”) was that she had proved, on a balance of
probabilities, that “she did not have possession under the Act of the contents
of the plastic bag and did not know the nature of its contents” (at [18]). A
major issue before the CA was the presumption of possession in s 16(1) of the
Act (now s 18(1)). The court referred to the speech of Lord Pearce in _Warner_
and concluded as follows at [25]-[26]:

25 In our opinion the word “possession” in the Act should be construed as that
word has been construed by Lord Pearce and we would respectfully adopt his
reasons as contained in his speech. There is, however, one qualification
because of the statutory presumptions in the Act. Under our Act where a person
is in possession of a bag or package which contains in fact a controlled drug
it is presumed that he is in possession of and knows the nature of the
controlled drug unlike in the United Kingdom where there is only a _prima
facie_ strong inference that he is in possession of its contents. Thus under
our Act the burden rests on him to prove on a balance of probabilities that he
was not in possession of and did not know the nature of the controlled drug
which was contained in the package or bag.

26 For all these reasons the appeals of both appellants are dismissed.

19 It should be noted that the CA in _Tan Ah Tee_ dealt only with the
presumption of possession in s 18(1) of the Act. There was no discussion on
the nature of the presumption in s 18(2) and _Tan Ah Tee_ is not authority on
this presumption. In _Tan Kiam Peng_ , the CA discussed the interpretation of
s 18(2). The court set out, at [80] and [81] of the grounds of decision, the
two possibilities as to the nature of the knowledge that the accused is
presumed to have, _viz_ :

(a) the accused is presumed to have known that the drug concerned was a
controlled drug (“the first interpretation”); or

(b) the accused is presumed to have known that the drug concerned was not only
a controlled drug, but was the specific drug for which he was charged (“the
second interpretation”).

20 The CA noted that the decided cases supported the first interpretation, and
made the following observations at [85]-[87] of the grounds of decision:

85 Let us, however, now turn to the _case law_ which, as we shall see,
supports the first interpretation - especially when viewed in _the context of
the underlying policy of the Act itself_.

86 In this court's decision in _Fun Seong Cheng_ … the following passage from
Lord Pearce's judgment in _Warner_ (… at 305) was cited … :

One may, therefore, exclude from the ‘possession’ intended by the Act the
physical control of articles which have been ‘planted’ on him without his
knowledge. _But how much further is one to go? If one goes to the extreme
length of requiring the prosecution to prove that ‘possession’ implies a full
knowledge of the name and nature of the drug concerned, the efficacy of the
Act is seriously impaired, since many drug pedlars may in truth be unaware of
this. I think that the term ‘possession’ is satisfied by a knowledge only of
the existence of the thing itself and not its qualities_ ...

87 The above observations by Lord Pearce, cited and adopted by this court in
_Fun Seong Cheng_ , clearly _exclude_ the need by the prosecution to prove
that the accused knew of the _precise nature_ of the drug; the prosecution
need only prove that the accused knew that the drug is (in the Singapore
context) a controlled drug. This would, in fact, be an appropriate juncture to
emphasise that this basic approach was not only embodied within the quotation
above but generally within _Warner_ itself - a point which emerges from our
analysis of _Warner_ above … Indeed, the court in _Fun Seong Cheng_ proceeded
to point out … that _this_ particular meaning of possession (enunciated by,
_inter alia_ , Lord Pearce in _Warner_) had in fact been adopted by this court
as well in the earlier decision of _Tan Ah Tee …_ see also the decision of
this court in _Gulam bin Notan Mohd Shariff Jamalddin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR(R)
498 at [66]). _Tan Ah Tee_ is, in fact, a seminal decision where the court
cited, in addition to the observations quoted above, _in extenso_ from the
judgment of Lord Pearce in _Warner_. As we have already emphasised … to the
extent that the court in _Warner_ was dealing with the _general concept_ of
_possession_ , then _that_ approach (_adopted_ , as we have just seen, in _Tan
Ah Tee_ as well as other Singapore decisions) clearly supports the view that s
18(2) _does_ not refer to the _specific_ drug in question but, rather, simply
to controlled drugs generally. Indeed, Lord Pearce's views in _Warner_ … find
a similar expression in Lord Guest's observations in the same case, as follows
(… at 301):

If the correct interpretation of section 1 [of the 1964 UK Act] is that the
prosecution are required to prove knowledge by the accused of the existence of
the substance this will be, in my view, _a drug pedlar's charter in which a
successful prosecution will be well-nigh impossible in the case of the
trafficker who conceals the drugs and on questioning remains silent or at any
rate refuses to disclose the origin of the drug. ... If, therefore, this is
not an absolute offence the prosecution will, in my view, require to establish
knowledge by the accused not only of possession of the actual substance but
also knowledge of the nature of the substance, namely, that it is a prohibited
drug under the Act. This would, in my view, lead to wide-scale evasion of the
Act_.

Interestingly and perhaps even significantly, this particular approach towards
the concept of possession has apparently been _retained in the UK context_ ,
despite the presence of a quite different statutory regime to that which
existed at the time _Warner_ was decided: see, for example, the English Court
of Appeal decisions of _McNamara_ … at 251-252; _R v Gareth Edmund Lewis_
(1988) 87 Cr App R 270 at 276 and _John A Leeson v R_ [1999] EWCA Crim 2176
("Leeson"); as well as the House of Lords decisions of _R v Boyesen_ [1982] AC
768 at 773-774 and _Regina v Lambert_ [2002] 2 AC 545, especially at [16],
[56]-[59], [61]-[71], [120]-[123] and [126] (_cf_ also s 28(3)(_a_) of the
1971 UK Act itself as well as _Fortson_ … especially at paras 3-67-3-76) and
Robert Ribeiro & John Perry, ”Possession and Section 28 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act 1971” [1979] Crim LR 90, especially at 100-101).

[emphasis in original]

21 However, the CA in _Tan Kiam Peng_ also observed (at [84]) that simply
looking at the ordinary meaning of the words “the nature of that drug” in s
18(2) of the Act, the second interpretation must prevail. Although the CA did
not make a conclusive finding on the interpretation of s 18(2), it made clear
that it preferred the second interpretation, _ie_ that the accused must have
knowledge of the nature of the drug. The CA said as follows at [90]-[93] and
[95]:

(_c_) _The second interpretation_

90 As already mentioned above, the key argument in favour of the second
interpretation (that the reference to knowledge in s 18(2) of the Act is to
knowledge that the drug concerned is _not only_ a controlled drug _but is
also_ the _specific drug_ which it turns out the accused was in possession of)
is the _literal wording_ of s 18(2) itself. However, as we have also seen, the
literal wording of this provision is also (at least arguably) consistent with
a _contrary_ interpretation ... More importantly, we have also referred to the
fact that the second interpretation would tend to _undermine_ the general
policy of the Act itself.

91 In summary, it would appear that there are fewer arguments that support the
second interpretation. The fact that an accused charged under the Act might
receive very harsh punishments is, _in and of itself_ , not conclusive.
However, it does not thereby follow that this particular fact is wholly
irrelevant. What _is_ of _direct_ relevance for the purposes of the present
issue is this: That where the possible punishments are harsh and may even
result in the imposition of the death penalty, the fact that an _ambiguity in
the statutory language_ exists (thus giving rise to these two possible
interpretations) does tend to suggest that the benefit of the doubt ought to
be given to the accused in the light of the fact that adoption of the first
interpretation would tend, on balance, to work against him or her … Indeed,
the present appeal is precisely one such instance. In this regard, it is
important to note that the very strict approach in _Warner_ , albeit general
in nature, was adopted in the context of punishments that were less harsh than
those under the Act, and which certainly did not include the death penalty. In
our view, this particular argument appears to be the strongest in so far as
support for the second interpretation is concerned. Indeed, it might even be
argued that there is no ambiguity in the statutory language and that the
literal language is, instead and in addition to the argument just mentioned,
the strongest argument in favour of the second interpretation. We also pause
to observe that there has been, to the best of our knowledge, no local
decision that has in fact adopted the first interpretation.

(_d_) _Conclusion_

92 Unfortunately, no detailed argument with respect to which of these two
interpretations was to be preferred was proffered by counsel before this
court.

93 In the circumstances, we cannot - and ought not to \- express a definitive
conclusion. This being the case, and in fairness to the appellant, our
analysis and decision will proceed on the footing that the second
interpretation applies (which interpretation in fact constituted the nub of
his argument before this court).

...

95 However, given the specific language of s 18(2) of the Act, the need (given
the extreme penalties prescribed by the Act) to resolve any ambiguities in
interpretation (if they exist) in favour of the accused, as well as the fact
that no case has (to the best of our knowledge) adopted the first
interpretation, it would appear, in our view, that (whilst not expressing a
conclusive view in the absence of detailed argument) the second interpretation
appears to be the more persuasive one and … will in fact be adopted in the
present appeal ...

[emphasis in original]

22 As is clear from the foregoing, the CA in _Tan Kiam Peng_ declined to rule
definitively on the interpretation of s 18(2) of the Act because counsel had
not made detailed submissions on that issue. The CA proceeded on the basis
that the second interpretation (_ie_ that knowledge that the drug was the
specific drug the subject matter of the charge) was the correct one and
dismissed the appeal on the ground that the appellant had actual knowledge of
the nature of the drug he was in possession of.

23 I observe that the CA in _Tan Kiam Peng_ had held at [84], and reiterated
at [90], that the ordinary meaning of the words in s 18(2) of the Act pointed
to the second interpretation. In my opinion, this alone ought to have
determined the issue. However the CA felt constrained by earlier decisions and
by the view that the first interpretation is consistent with the general
policy of the Act whereas the second would undermine it (see [85], [88] and
[90] of _Tan Kiam Peng_). Unfortunately the CA did not proceed to consider
what the underlying policy of the Act is in order to test this proposition. I
will attempt to do so now.

24 The long title to the Act states that it is “for the control of dangerous
or otherwise harmful drugs and substances and for purposes connected
therewith”. Part II of the Act establishes offences of trafficking,
manufacture, import and export, possession and consumption of controlled drugs
specified in the First Schedule. Part III contains rules of evidence
pertaining to prosecutions under the Act, provisions pertaining to enforcement
and forfeiture and sets out the punishments for various offences. There are
several sections setting up presumptions, including s 18. Part IV deals with
treatment and rehabilitation of drug addicts. Part V contains provisions
empowering the taking of photographs of and body samples from persons under
supervision. Part VI deals with the establishment of committees of inquiry for
matters connected with discipline and other functions of any approved
institution for rehabilitation of drug addicts. Considering the Act as a
whole, and the parliamentary debates dealing with its enactment in 1973, it is
clear that the Act was enacted to deal with the problem of narcotic drug abuse
and addiction. It punishes persons not only for trafficking, but also for
consumption of controlled drugs. It provides for incarceration for the
purposes of rehabilitation of drug addicts. It would not be inaccurate to
state that the general policy underlying the Act is that of reducing and even
eradicating narcotic drug abuse in Singapore. The next question is whether
taking the first interpretation or the second would further the policy or
undermine it. There is no doubt that adopting the first interpretation would
make it much easier for the prosecution to secure a conviction in cases where
the presumption in s 18(2) of the Act is required to be invoked. But it is
quite a different thing to say that making it easier for the prosecution to
secure a conviction would promote the general policy of the Act whereas making
it more difficult to do so would undermine it. Our system of criminal justice
requires the prosecution to prove an accused person’s guilt beyond reasonable
doubt in order to secure a conviction. The presumption in s 18(2) of the Act
shifts the burden of proof of knowledge to the accused person once the
conditions therein are met. The legislature had decided where the line should
be drawn in relation to that burden. If, as the CA in _Tan Kiam Peng_ held,
the ordinary meaning of the words in s 18(2) point to the second
interpretation, then it is my respectful opinion that there cannot be room for
any consideration as to whether this meaning “undermines the general policy”
of the Act as Parliament had decided on this line as the appropriate balance
between burden on the prosecution and on the accused.

25 Even if there is an ambiguity in s 18(2) of the Act, it should be noted
that this is a criminal provision. The CA in _Tan Kiam Peng_ stated at [91]
that, as the punishments for offences under the Act are harsh and even
encompass the death penalty, any ambiguity in the statutory language ought to
be resolved in favour of the accused. I would point out that this is a
principle of statutory interpretation of great antiquity in the common law. In
Francis Bennion, _Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (LexisNexis, 5th
Edition, 2008), the writer put it in the following manner at s 271, p 825:

It is a principle of legal policy that a person should not be penalised except
under clear law ... The court, when considering, in relation to the facts of
the instant case, which of the opposing constructions of the enactment would
give effect to the legislative intention, should presume that the legislator
intended to observe this principle. It should therefore strive to avoid
adopting a construction which penalises a person where the legislator’s
intention to do so is doubtful, or penalises him or her in a way which was not
made clear …

26 In _Tuck & Sons v Priester_ (1887) 19 QBD 629, the plaintiffs entered into
a contract with the defendant to make copies of a drawing which belonged to
the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs subsequently registered their copyright.
Without the consent of the plaintiffs, the defendant made additional copies in
a foreign country with the intention of selling them for his own profit. An
issue before the court was whether under the Fine Arts Copyright Act 1862 (25
& 26 Vict. c. 68) (“the Victorian Act”) the defendant made copies of the work
unlawfully and was therefore subjected to additional penalties pursuant to s 6
of the Victorian Act. Lord Esher MR held that (at 638):

… We must be very careful in construing that section, because it imposes a
penalty. If there is a reasonable interpretation which will avoid the penalty
in any particular case we must adopt that construction. If there are two
reasonable constructions we must give the more lenient one. That is the
settled rule for the construction of penal sections …

27 This decision was followed in _Teng Lang Khin v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 3
SLR(R) 1040, an appeal to the High Court from the Magistrate’s Court. The
appellant there was convicted under s 101(2) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276,
1985 Rev Ed) (“RTA”) for causing a vehicle registered for private use to be
used as a public service vehicle without there being in force a public service
licence in respect of the vehicle. She had rented to customers cars registered
for private use. At issue was what constituted a “public service vehicle”
under the RTA. Section 2 of the RTA stated:

‘public service vehicle’ means a vehicle used or kept for use for the carriage
of passengers for hire or reward, other than a vehicle constructed for use on
fixed rails or specially prepared ways ...

Yong Pung How CJ (“Yong CJ”) held, albeit “not without some reluctance”, that
the literal construction of s 2 of the RTA was that the cars hired out by the
appellant did not constitute “public service vehicles” since they were hired
out as self-drive cars and there was no evidence that they had been used for
carriage of passengers for hire or reward. Yong CJ cited with approval the
passage from _Tuck & Sons v Priester_ reproduced above at [26] and also made
the following statement (at [18]):

... in the present case the definition of "public service vehicle" in s 2 of
the Road Traffic Act appeared to me to be quite clear. The deputy public
prosecutor did not attempt to suggest that there might be some underlying
ambiguity to s 2; and wisely so, for any suggestion that ambiguity existed
would only have led to the alleged ambiguity being resolved in favour of the
person otherwise liable under s 101(2) - in this case, the appellant. Indeed,
in view of the draconian penalty prescribed in s 101(6) of forfeiture of an
accused's vehicles, I would have had no hesitation in resolving any obscurity
in favour of the appellant, unmeritorious though her conduct might have been …

28 This rule has been attenuated in recent times and the courts adopt a more
pragmatic purposive approach to statutory interpretation especially after the
enactment of s 9A of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). In _Public
Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183, V K Rajah JA opined at [38]:

38 The modern local position on the construction of penal statutes is
appositely summarised by Yong Pung How CJ in [_Forward Food Management Pte Ltd
and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 443] … at [26] in the
following terms:

[T]he strict construction rule is only applied to ambiguous statutory
provisions as a tool of last resort. The proper approach to be taken by a
court construing a penal provision is to first consider if the literal and
purposive interpretations of the provision leave the provision in ambiguity.
It is only after these and other tools of ascertaining Parliament's intent
have been exhausted, that the strict construction rule kicks in in the accused
person's favour.

To my mind, this is decidedly the most appropriate approach to adopt,
particularly in the light of the principle of statutory construction of
statutes endorsed by Parliament in the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev
Ed), as discussed below.

...

The general position in Singapore with respect to the construction of written
law should be the same whether the provision is a penal or civil one.
Purposive interpretation in accordance with s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act
is the paramount principle of interpretation even with respect to penal
statutes; it is only in cases where penal provisions remain ambiguous
notwithstanding all attempts at purposive interpretation that the strict
construction rule applies.

29 However this rule is nevertheless germane in capital cases. In _Forward
Food Management Pte Ltd and another v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 443,
Yong CJ said at [21]:

To my mind, it was therefore important to consider the theoretical basis of
the rule and its applicability in the modern legal environment, where courts
are more disposed to applying the purposive approach to statutory
interpretation. The origins of the strict construction rule can be found in
capital cases where the courts construed ambiguous statutory provisions _in
favorem vitae_ as this was regarded as a form of fairness to the individual.
According to Prof Andrew Ashworth, “Interpreting Criminal Statutes: A Crisis
of Legality?” (1991) LQR 419 at 432, the principle was subsequently carried
over into other areas of criminal law, probably because criminal proceedings
were viewed as an unequal contest between the individual and the State. This
seems to be supported by the _dicta_ of Wilson J in _R v Paré_ (1987) 60 CR
(3d) 346 at 368. Furthermore, the editors of _Cross on Statutory
Interpretation_ (3rd Ed) opined, at p 173, that the application of this rule
in earlier cases like _Rex v Harris, Balls, and Moses_ (1835) 7 Car & P 416
was justified on humanitarian grounds because of the manifest injustice
brought about by other interpretations of a statute. These, however, have been
rendered unnecessary by the mitigation of the rigours of the criminal law.
Moreover, courts have increasingly taken the view that an extreme slant in
favour of the accused is not always desirable because it often defeats the
purposes of the legislation and this in turn leads to some other form of
injustice.

30 Therefore, if there is an ambiguity in s 18(2) of the Act, as the CA in
_Tan Kiam Peng_ put in at [91], “the benefit of the doubt ought to be given to
the accused”. There is a further reason for doing so. Under s 18(1), an
accused is presumed to have possession of the controlled drug if it is proved
that he had possession of the keys to a place or premises or even a document
intended for delivery. Under s 18(2), once this presumption of possession is
operative, the presumption of knowledge is invoked. Section 18(2) therefore
involves a presumption upon a presumption, a further reversal of the burden of
proof from the prosecution to the accused. In my opinion, “the second
interpretation” of s 18(2) that the CA in _Tan Kiam Peng_ had considered (at
[95] of their judgment) to be “the more persuasive” one must be the correct
one in law.

My finding in relation to Somchit

31 From both her demeanour in the witness box and the consistency of her
evidence, I found Somchit to be a witness of truth. Somchit gave evidence over
almost three days. She came across as a person of average intelligence and
displayed a level of street smart savvy that can be expected from her
background. I had noted that throughout her testimony, she answered questions
without hesitation and in a forthright manner. She admitted to every question
put to her save on the issue of her knowledge that the drugs she was dealing
with were heroin. Somchit had maintained this position right from the time of
her arrest in the Bedok Condominium. There, W/ASP Tan had asked, through an
interpreter, what Quek’s customers bought from him. She said that it was the
“white colour”. To the follow-up question, she had said: “I do not know what
is the white colour. ‘Wan’ only engage me to help him pack into smaller
packets and he will pay me for the work.” Somchit was then taken to CNB
headquarters and questioned through the night. In the morning, at around
6.30am on 4 October 2008, Somchit was charged with trafficking heroin and that
was when it was brought to her attention that she was facing a capital offence
in relation to that drug. In her statement in response to the charge, she said
that she knew that it was a controlled drug, but she did not know its effect
nor the severity of the punishment. She said that Quek told her that if
anything happened, she would not get into serious trouble; and at worst, she
would be deported. It can be seen that her reactions in the hours after the
shock of arrest, and when faced with a capital charge, are consistent with
what she maintained in her defence. Over several months she gave a number of
statements to the CNB. There were no significant inconsistencies there with
her defence. Finally, the evidence given at the trial by Winai and Somchit
herself were also consistent with her defence. I took into consideration
Somchit’s background. She had only completed primary school in Thailand and
thereafter had gone to work, first as a masseuse before resorting to
prostitution. Her life had been a constant struggle, and she stooped to the
lowliest occupation a woman could take to support her sons and an extended
family. Therefore when Quek rescued her from this life and not only placed her
in comfortable surroundings, treated her well and provided for her family, but
also professed his love for her and intention to marry her, it is not
surprising that she trusted him and took his words literally. Having had the
opportunity to observe her demeanour in the witness box, I found her evidence
to be truthful.

32 For completeness, I will now deal with what the prosecution has submitted
are the weaknesses in Somchit’s defence.

33 The first point highlighted by the prosecution was that the circumstantial
evidence, _ie_ the money she received, the packing, Quek’s method for
consuming the drug _etc_ points to the conclusion that Somchit knew that the
seized drugs were diamorphine. However, given the nature of their
relationship, I accepted Somchit’s evidence that Quek would have given her
money whether or not she helped him in his drug dealings. More importantly,
Somchit had admitted that she knew that the substance was some kind of illegal
drugs, and therefore it would not be surprising to her that there would be
money in the operation.

34 The second point was that Somchit did not mention in her statements to the
CNB that Quek told her the drug he dealt with was a “not serious drug”; on the
contrary, she stated then that Quek told her she did not need to know what the
drug was. When cross-examined on this apparent omission from her statements to
the CNB, Somchit stated that[note: 12]:

My understanding at that time was not serious of my doing and not serious
about the drug that he sell. That is why I thought --- I never think of the
words “serious drug”.

In my view, Somchit’s evidence to this court was consistent with her
statements to the CNB. Firstly it must be emphasised that s 122(6) of the CPC
does not require the accused person to minutely detail the defence he will be
relying on at the trial: see _Roshdi v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 1 at
[21]. More importantly, I found that although Somchit did not state
specifically that Quek told her the drugs were “not serious”, her statements
had in fact alluded to it. As noted above, from the moment she was arrested,
Somchit had denied knowledge of the nature of the seized drugs. In her
cautioned statement, she stated that she did not know the effect of the drug
or the severity of the penalty. I noted that Somchit’s statement to the CNB
was slightly different from her evidence in trial, _ie_ in her cautioned
statement, she denied knowledge of the severity of _the penalty_ , and not
_the drug_ itself. However in the context, I was of the view that the two are
connected. Taking into account Somchit’s background, I found that it was
reasonable that when laying out the material aspect of her defences in her
statement, she did not appreciate the difference. I therefore found her
cautioned statement to be consistent with her evidence at trial, and that by
stating that Quek told her that the worst that would happen would be for her
to be sent back to Thailand, Somchit alluded to the fact that Quek told her
that the drugs he dealt with were “not serious”. The prosecution submitted
that the reason why Somchit thought that the worst that would happen to her
was being sent back to Thailand was because Quek told her that he would admit
that all the drugs belonged to him. While that is a plausible interpretation,
in my view, it was necessary to consider her evidence in its totality. Again,
here I noted the consistency of her statements and her defence at trial.

35 The third point raised was that when Somchit learnt that Quek was dealing
with drugs, and Winai asked her if she was scared, she said she was[note: 13].
In Somchit’s statements to the CNB, she stated the following:

23 ... When I came to know that the white substance is drugs, I did inform
[Winai] that what he is carrying is drugs. I told him to finish up his visa
make some money for the time being and go back to Thailand when his visa
expired.[note: 14]

...

44 With regards to paragraph 23 of my statement, I said that I had told
[Winai] that he was carrying drugs. I decided to tell him as I wanted to let
him make his own decision as to whether to continue working or to stop, and I
will respect his decision. He was surprised when I told him that he was
carrying drugs, but he was not angry. [Winai] did ask me if they are really
drugs, and I replied that I think so. He then told me to let him continue
working till his visa expired and he will go back. He told [me] that at least
he can have some money to return home. He also told me to go back together
with him as he was worried about me. I had intended to go back with him and
not return to Singapore anymore. He also asked me if I was scared and I said I
was. When he said scared, he meant how are our families to survive if
something happened to us.[note: 15]

As for what would happen to her, Somchit agreed with the prosecution that she
thought she may be imprisoned[note: 16]. Thus, she wanted to go back to
Thailand when her visa expired. The prosecution submitted that these suggested
that she knew the seriousness of the drugs Quek dealt with. Somchit testified
that she had two conversations with Winai. The first conversation took place
after she first found out that Quek dealt with drugs when he brought the drugs
to the Bedok Condominium. Somchit called Winai to inform him that Quek dealt
with drugs and that Winai and her should return to Thailand after their visa
ended[note: 17]. It was during this conversation with Winai where Somchit
expressed that she was “scared”[note: 18]. The second conversation with Winai,
where Somchit told Winai that at the very most, they would be sent back to
Thailand, took place subsequently after she began to help Quek with the
packing _ie_ after Quek had told her that the drugs were not serious.[note:
19] Thus, the defence submitted that although Somchit was initially “scared”,
her fears were removed when Quek represented to her that the drugs were “not
serious”, and she therefore decided to help him as well as extend her visa. I
accepted Somchit’s explanation as to the apparent inconsistency in her
evidence. In my view, it was consistent with her explanation as to why she
chose to extend her visa although she initially stated that she wanted to
return to Thailand with Winai after their visas were expired. I also noted
that para 44 of Somchit’s statement (see above at [35]) related to the events
which took place after the first time she saw Quek bringing the drugs back to
the Bedok Condominium.

36 The fourth point was that even if Somchit did not have _actual knowledge_
as to the nature of the drugs, she was at least wilfully blind as to its
nature. As for what amounted to “wilful blindness”, the prosecution relied on
the CA’s decision in _Tan Kiam Peng_ , which states the following:

104 ... The proof of an actual situation of actual knowledge is, in the
circumstances, going to be equally rare. This is a _fortiori_ the case in so
far as offences under the Act are concerned. Accused persons are hardly likely
to admit to possessing actual knowledge and can (indeed, will) easily disavow
such knowledge even if it existed, given the surreptitious nature inherent in
drug offences as well as the draconian penalties that are imposed on
conviction. In any event, as we have already noted, wilful blindness has, in
any event, always been treated, in law, as _actual_ knowledge. In this regard,
Yong CJ, in _Koo Pui Fong_ , observed that the “concept of wilful blindness
does not introduce a new state of mind to that of knowing” and that “[i]t is
simply a reformulation of actual knowledge” … the learned Chief Justice then
proceeded to observe as follows …:

It seems to me that it is wholly in keeping with common sense and the law to
say that an accused knew of certain facts if he deliberately closed his eyes
to the circumstances, his wilful blindness being evidence from which knowledge
may be inferred. Thus I fully agree with the following passage of Lord Bridge
in _Westminster City Council v Croyalgrange Ltd_ (1986) 83 Cr App R 155 at
164:

... it is always open to the tribunal of fact, when knowledge on the part of a
defendant is required to be proved, to base a finding of knowledge on evidence
that the defendant had deliberately shut his eyes to the obvious or refrained
from inquiry because he suspected the truth but did not want to have his
suspicion confirmed.

[emphasis in original]

37 It should also be observed that the CA distinguished between _wilful
blindness_ and _constructive knowledge_ in the following manner:

116 In _Roper_ … although the court arrived at its decision on a comparatively
narrow ground to the effect that the court below had taken into account
inadmissible evidence and that the defendants’ appeal had therefore to be
allowed, Devlin J (as he then was) nevertheless proceeded to make the very
pertinent observations, which merit quotation in full, as follows (at
288-289):

There are, I think, three degrees of knowledge which it may be relevant to
consider in case[es] of this kind. The _first_ is _actual_ knowledge, which
the justices may find because they infer it from the nature of the act done,
for no man can prove the state of another man’[s] mind; and they may find it
even if the defendant gives evidence to the contrary. They may say, “We do not
believe him; we think that that was his state of mind.” They may feel that the
evidence falls short of that, and if they do they have then to consider what
might be described as knowledge of the _second_ degree; _whether the defendant
was, as it has been called, shutting his eyes to an obvious means of
knowledge_. Various expressions have been used to describe that state of mind.
I do not think it necessary to look further, certainly not in cases of this
type, than the phrase which Lord Hewart, C.J., used in a case under this
section, _Evans v. Dell_ ((1937) 53 _The Times_ L.R. 310), where he said (at
p. 313): “... the respondent deliberately refrained from making inquiries the
results of which he might not care to have.”

The _third_ kind of knowledge is what is generally known in the law as
_constructive_ knowledge: _it is what is encompassed by the words “ought to
have known” in the phrase “knew or ought to have known”. It does not mean
actual knowledge at all_ ; it means that the defendant had in effect the means
of knowledge. When, therefore, the case of the prosecution is that the
defendant fails to make what they think were reasonable inquiries it is, I
think, incumbent on them to make it plain which of the two things they are
saying. _There is a vast distinction between a state of mind which consists of
deliberately refraining from making inquiries, the result of which the person
does not care to have, and a state of mind which is merely neglecting to make
such inquiries as a reasonable and prudent person would make_. If that
distinction is kept well in mind I think that justices will have less
difficulty than this case appears to show they have had in determining what is
the true position. _The case of shutting [the] eyes is actual knowledge in the
eyes of the law; the case of merely neglecting to make inquiries is not
knowledge at all - it comes within the legal conception of constructive
knowledge, a conception which, generally speaking, has no place in the
criminal law_.

[emphasis in original]

The above observations - quoted at length because, as we shall see below, of
their signal importance - are instructive. Although the learned judge spoke of
“three degrees of knowledge”, there are, in point of fact, only _two distinct
categories_ , _viz_ , actual knowledge and constructive knowledge,
respectively. The former, however, comprises two sub-categories - first,
actual knowledge in (for want of a better way of putting it) an actual sense
and, secondly, actual knowledge in the form of _wilful blindness_. And, as
Devlin J aptly put it, the other main category of knowledge, _viz_ ,
constructive knowledge “has no place in the criminal law”. However, as we
shall see below at [38] (especially at [133] of _Tan Kiam Peng_), the line
between actual and constructive knowledge is not always that clear, owing to
the very factual nature of the inquiry.

38 The CA went on to state the general principles relating to the concept of
wilful blindness:

123 The first is that wilful blindness is treated, in law, as being the
_equivalent_ of _actual_ knowledge ...

124 What is clear from the above observations is that the accused is under no
legal obligation not to turn a blind eye. However, if he does in fact turn a
blind eye, that could, on the facts, be taken to be wilful blindness on his
part. If so, this would be tantamount to actual knowledge in law, and the
accused would have failed to have rebutted the presumption of knowledge under
s 18(2) of the Act ...

125 The second central principle is that _suspicion is_ legally sufficient to
ground a finding of wilful blindness provided the relevant factual matrix
warrants such a finding _and_ the accused deliberately decides to turn a blind
eye ... What is of vital significance, in our view, is the substance of the
matter which (in turn) depends heavily upon the _precise facts_ before the
court. It is equally important to note that in order for wilful blindness to
be established, the appropriate level of suspicion (as just discussed) is a
necessary, but not sufficient, condition, inasmuch as that level of suspicion
_must then lead to a refusal to investigate further_ , thus resulting in
"blind eye knowledge" (see also the second quotation from the article by Wasik
& Thompson at [127] below).

126 That having been said, the requirement of _suspicion_ is nevertheless a
vital (and, indeed, threshold) one. So, for example, if the accused makes
merely token inquiries because he suspects that making more substantive
inquiries might lead him to the truth which he does not want to know, that is
wilful blindness. If the factual matrix was such that the accused ought to
have been suspicious, the court must then consider the accused's reasons for
not making further inquiries. We will come to this point below but it suffices
to state at this juncture that a court would be well justified in thinking
that the reason why an accused refused to make further inquiries may be
because he or she was virtually certain that if further inquiries were made,
his or her suspicions would be confirmed ...

127 We would venture to state a third central principle... is imperative, in
order to avoid any unnecessary confusion, that we emphasise, once again, that
wilful blindness is a combination of suspicion _coupled with_ a _deliberate_
decision not to make further inquiries, whereas the recklessness that has been
referred to by Prof Williams refers to recklessness in terms of the accused’s
conduct in the context of circumstances _which would not otherwise have
aroused suspicion_ on the part of the accused …

128 Finally, a fourth central principle is that whether or not a presumption
(here, of knowledge) under the Act is _rebutted_ (on a balance of
probabilities … depends, in the final analysis, on _the precise factual
matrix_ concerned ...

129 Indeed, in the context of the doctrine of wilful blindness, while some
illustrations may be helpful, it is nevertheless imperative to note that,
owing to the intensely factual nature of the inquiry, they cannot be
representative, let alone comprehensive. Generally speaking, if an accused has
had his or her suspicions aroused in the manner set out at [125] above, the
accused can still rebut the relevant presumption under s 18 of the Act by
demonstrating that he or she took reasonable steps to investigate by making
further inquiries that were appropriate to the circumstances ... However, to
the extent that the Judge later suggests that it would be wrong to convict
accused persons _solely_ on the basis that they had failed to make proper
inquiries … we would respectfully disagree with such a suggestion ... Wilful
blindness _cannot_ be equated with virtual certainty for, as already explained
above, this would be to equate wilful blindness with actual knowledge in its
purest form. The result would be to erase the doctrine of wilful blindness
from the legal landscape altogether ...

130 Situations such as that which exists on the facts of the present appeal
underscore this point since the accused already knows that he or she is
carrying controlled drugs and surely cannot rely _merely_ on the fact that he
or she had asked for assurances that the controlled drugs concerned were not
of a nature which carried the death penalty. If the accused chooses to take an
enormous (indeed, deadly) risk and proceed without establishing the true
nature of the drugs he or she is carrying, that constitutes, in our view,
wilful blindness ...

…

132 However, as we have emphasised, the possible factual scenarios are far too
many to admit of blanket propositions and, hence, the decision of the court in
a given case will have to depend on the precise facts, the evidence adduced as
well as the credibility of the witnesses themselves (not least the accused)
(this was also, as we have seen in the preceding paragraph, the apparent
position ultimately adopted by the Judge in the court below). To reiterate an
obvious (but important) example, where the accused has had the controlled
drugs slipped into a bag without his or her knowledge, it is clear that no
offence under the Act would have been committed (see, once again, the passage
by Lord Parker CJ in _Lockyer v Gibb_ … ). Where, to take another example, the
accused is asked by a close family member to carry a box containing controlled
drugs on the understanding that the box (wrapped up, say, in ribbons) contains
a cake which is to be delivered to another close relative, there might be a
strong case for arguing that the accused could not be said to be wilfully
blind because the circumstances ought not to have aroused his or her
suspicions, let alone entailed further investigation. Again, however, much
would (to reiterate an extremely important point) depend on the precise facts,
evidence as well as credibility of the witnesses (especially the accused).

133 Given our views on actual knowledge as well as wilful blindness (which is,
in law, a form of actual knowledge), it is unnecessary, in our view, to
consider other forms of knowledge. In particular, and here we agree with the
Judge, it is _inappropriate_ to include _constructive_ knowledge as falling
within the ambit of s 18(2) of the Act. However, given the objective approach
that this (indeed, any) court must adopt _as well as_ the very factual nature
of the inquiry itself, we should emphasise that _there might be occasions when
the line between actual and constructive knowledge might be blurred_ (this may
particularly be the case in so far as (in the nature of things) the
application of the doctrine of wilful blindness is concerned). Indeed, as
Scott LJ (as he then was) perceptively observed in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Polly Peck International plc v Nadir (No 2)_ [1992] 4 All ER 769
(at 777):

The various categories of mental state identified in _Baden’s_ case are not
rigid categories with clear and precise boundaries. _One category may merge
imperceptibly into another_.

[emphasis in original]

39 It is clear that the CA considered wilful blindness to be the _legal_ but
not _actual_ equivalent to actual knowledge. In any case, I was of the view
that Somchit was not wilfully blind as to the nature of the drug. I noted that
Somchit had asked Quek what the drug was, to which he replied that it was a
“not serious” drug. I further noted that Somchit had testified that, had Quek
told her that the drugs were medicinal, or not illegal, she would not have
believed him. This showed that Somchit was not blindly willing to accept
anything Quek said – she had considered his representations, and given the
nature of their relationship, I found that Somchit had a _genuine belief_ that
the drugs she dealt with were “not serious”. This was therefore different from
a situation where there was “suspicion _coupled with_ a _deliberate_ decision
not to make further inquiries” (see [127] of _Tan Kiam Peng_). I found that
although Somchit was initially suspicious of the nature of the drugs Quek
dealt with, her suspicions were allayed when Quek told her that the drugs were
“not serious”. The decision not to make further inquiries was therefore a
result of her trust in Quek (along with her reasonable belief that Quek had no
reason to lie to her since he had already readily admitted to her that the
white substance was an illegal drug), and not a refusal to investigate further
to avoid her suspicions being confirmed.

40 In view of the foregoing, I believed Somchit’s defence that she believed
that the drug was a “not serious drug” and therefore found that Somchit had
succeeded in proving, on a balance of probability, that she did not know the
nature of the drug the subject of the charge against her. I therefore
acquitted her of the charge.

41 However, as Somchit had intended to traffic in a “not serious drug”, and
the evidence supported it, I exercised my power under s 175(2) of the CPC and
convicted Somchit of the following charge:

That you, Phuthita Somchit, on or about the 3rd day of October 2008 in
Singapore, did attempt to traffic in a controlled drug under Class C of the
First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) (“the Act”), without any
authorisation under the Act or the Regulations made thereunder, to wit, by
having in your possession of not less than 62.14 grams of diamorphine at Block
21 Bedok Reservoir View #01-02, Aquarius by the Park, Singapore, which you
believed was a controlled drug as defined in section 2 of the Act, for the
purpose of trafficking, an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section
5(2) and section 12 of the Act, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 33 of the Act.

42 In my view, although Somchit admitted to an intention to traffic a “not
serious drug”, it could not be proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the “not
serious drug” she intended to traffic was a Class A or Class B drug. However,
since Somchit admitted to her intentions and her knowledge that the white
substance was an illegal drug, I found that she must have intended, at the
very least, to traffic a Class C drug.

43 After hearing counsel’s submissions on sentencing, I sentenced Somchit to 9
years’ imprisonment, for the reason that Somchit had participated in the
offence over a period of a month and was actively involved in packing the
drugs, taking orders and had not only recruited Winai for the operation but
had also directed him in conducting it.

The case for and against Quek

Evidence against Quek

44 I now turn to the evidence against Quek. Quek was arrested on 3 October
2008 at about 7.45pm. At about 8.45pm, CNB officers raided the Bedok
Condominium using keys that had been found on Quek’s person. As noted above,
the seized drugs were found in the Bedok Condominium (also see SAF above at
[2]).

45 Quek made the following statements to the CNB, which were admitted into
evidence:

(a) Contemporaneous statement taken on the 3 October 2008 at 2140h:

Q:Whose heroin are those in the cupboard belonged to?

A:Mine

...

Q:There is any box containing heroin in the hall next to the television. Whose
heroin are those belonged to?

A:Mine

(b) Cautioned statement taken on 4 October 2008 at 0646h:

All these things belong to me. It has nothing to do with the rest. They are
only staying at my place. The things are referring to drugs.

(c) Statement recorded on 8 October 2008 at 1450h:

30 ... I am now shown another photo of [a “Nokia” box] and 3 plastic packets
containing smaller packets of white granular substance ... I recognize that
the white substance is heroin and I think they belong to me ...

31 I am now shown a photo of a white bag and the contents inside and told that
the bag was found inside the cupboard in the store ... I recognize the bag and
I wish to say that it belongs to me ...

32 There is a yellow plastic bag in the white bag. In the yellow plastic bag,
I am told that there is a plastic box containing 11 packets, 1 big packet and
1 packet containing 5 packets of granular substance. I wish to say they are
heroin. I wish to say that out of the 11 packets of heroin, some are meant for
selling while some are meant for own consumption ...

33 ... In the white bag, there is a paper carton box. Inside the paper box, I
am told there are 2 packets of granular substance and 17 plastic packets each
containing 5 packets of granular substance. These are all heroin and I wish to
say that these heroin are meant for sale ...

46 The Bedok Condominium was tenanted to one “Lim Chay Yong”, who was in fact
Quek (Quek also stated in his statement recorded on 7 October 2008 that at the
time of his arrest, he was staying at a Bedok Condominium which he rented). By
virtue of s 18(1)(c) of the Act, Quek was presumed to have the seized drugs in
possession. In any case, it was not necessary to rely on the presumption under
s 18(1)(c). Quek admitted in his statements that the drugs belonged to him. By
virtue of s 18(2), Quek would be presumed to have known the nature of the
drugs. However, again it was unnecessary to rely on this presumption. It was
clear from his statements that Quek knew that the drugs were heroin. Likewise,
from his statements, Quek’s intention to traffic the drugs was apparent.

47 The evidence against Quek was corroborated by both Somchit and Winai.
Somchit testified that she resided in the Bedok Condominium with Quek[note:
20]. Somchit also testified that it was Quek who procured the seized
drugs[note: 21] and that she had packed the drugs found in the Nokia Box for
Quek’s customers[note: 22]. Likewise, Winai testified that Quek had instructed
him to deliver white substances to customers.[note: 23]

My finding in relation to Quek

48 Quek elected to remain silent upon his defence being called and did not
call any witness to give evidence on his behalf. Evidence of possession and
knowledge by prosecution witnesses and Somchit were not disputed by Quek’s
counsel in cross-examination. From the evidence of the events from the time of
Quek’s arrest to the search in the Bedok Condominium, I found that there was
sufficient evidence to prove beyond reasonable doubt that Quek had possession
and knowledge. Counsel for Quek submitted that there was no evidence before
the court that showed that Quek had possession of the drugs the subject of the
charge for the purpose of trafficking. Counsel argued that while there was
evidence that Quek had sold drugs in earlier transactions, those drugs were
not the subject of the charge. I did not agree with this submission for two
reasons. Firstly, the presumption of trafficking in s 17 of the Act was
available to the prosecution as the amount in question, 62.14 grams of
diamorphine, was more than the threshold of 2 grams under that provision.
Secondly and more importantly, Quek had packed the drugs in question for the
purpose of selling them. The drugs in question were his stocks in his
continuing narcotic drug retailing operation. There was therefore ample basis
for finding that Quek had intended to traffic the drugs the subject of the
charge.

49 However, in view of my finding that Somchit did not have knowledge, I
exercised my power under s 163(1) of the CPC to amend the charge against Quek
to the following:

That you, Quek Hock Lye, on or about the 3rd day of October 2008 in Singapore,
together with one Winai Phutthaphan, were parties to a criminal conspiracy,
and in such capacity, agreed and engaged with one another to do an illegal
act, namely, to traffic in diamorphine, a controlled drug specified in Class A
of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) (“the Act”),
without any authorisation under the Act or the Regulations made thereunder,
whereby you were in possession of not less than 62.14 grams of diamorphine at
Block 21 Bedok Reservoir View #01-02, Aquarius by the Park, Singapore, for the
purpose of trafficking in pursuance of the said conspiracy, an offence under
section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Act, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 120B of the Penal Code (Cap 224)
read with sections 12 and 33 of the Act.

50 Pursuant to s 163(2) of the CPC, this altered charge was read and explained
to Quek. Pursuant to s 164(1), Quek was called upon to plead thereto and to
state whether he was ready to be tried on the altered charge. He claimed trial
and stated that he was ready to be tried on the altered charge. Pursuant to s
167 of the CPC, I invited Quek and the prosecution to state whether they
wished to recall or re-summon and examine with reference to the altered charge
any witness who may have been examined. Both responded that they did not
require to recall any witness. I asked Quek if he wished to call any new
witnesses and whether he wished to give evidence in relation to the altered
charge and he replied to both in the negative. I was of the view that, as
there was no material difference between the altered charge and the original
charge that would require recalling any witness or calling any new witness,
the trial on the altered charge could proceed without any prejudice to Quek.

51 I proceeded to examine the evidence against Quek on the altered charge and
upon evaluating all the evidence in the trial and submissions of counsel, I
found that the evidence was sufficient to prove beyond reasonable doubt his
guilt in relation to the altered charge, convicted him and sentenced him to
death, which is the mandatory punishment under the charge.

* * *

[note: 1]NE Day 12 pp 34-43

[note: 2]NE Day 12 pp 3-5, 14-16, 24-25

[note: 3]NE Day 12 pp 7-8

[note: 4]NE Day 12 pp 26 - 33

[note: 5]NE Day 12 pp 33, 51

[note: 6]NE Day 12 pp 50-51

[note: 7]NE Day 12 p 52

[note: 8]NE Day 4 p 71; Day 5 p 37

[note: 9]D1

[note: 10]NE Day 3 pp 10–12

[note: 11]NE Day 6 pp 51-56

[note: 12]NE Day 13 p 57

[note: 13]NE Day 14 pp 11-12

[note: 14]Statement recorded 7 October 2008 at 2.45pm

[note: 15]Statement recorded 16 January 2009 at 10.00am

[note: 16]NE Day 14 p 12

[note: 17]NE Day 12 pp 29-30

[note: 18]NE Day 14, p 49

[note: 19]NE Day 12 pp 46-47

[note: 20]NE Day 12 p 24

[note: 21]NE Day 13 p 19

[note: 22]NE Day 13 p 30

[note: 23]NE Day 4 p 55

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Mar 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

