Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Goldzone (Asia Pacific) Ltd (formerly known as Goldzone (Singapore) Ltd)
_v_ Creative Technology Centre Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 103

Case Number| :| Suit No 558 of 2008  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Devadas Naidu (Mohan Das Naidu & Partners) for the
plaintiff; Andre Maniam SC, Liew Yik Wee and Chen Xinping (WongPartnership
LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Goldzone (Asia Pacific) Ltd (formerly known as Goldzone
(Singapore) Ltd) — Creative Technology Centre Pte Ltd  
  
27 April 2011|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 In late 2007, the plaintiff, Goldzone (Asia Pacific) Ltd (“Goldzone”)
entered into three agreements for the rental of a number of units in the
Creative Resource Building (“the Building”) owned by the defendant, Creative
Technology Centre Pte Ltd (“Creative”). Goldzone met with representatives from
Creative on 1, 2 and 10 August 2007 to determine the suitability of the
Building for their venture. Goldzone alleged that a number of representations
were made by Creative’s Chan Ming Tat during the course of negotiations, which
included site visits and subsequent e-mail exchanges. Goldzone claimed that
these representations induced them into signing three tenancy agreements with
Creative.

2 Goldzone took possession of only two out of the three tenancies signed with
Creative, resulting in the premature termination of the third tenancy in March
2008. On 31 July 2008, Goldzone vacated the Building and soon thereafter filed
a suit against Creative alleging various breaches of the agreements on the
basis of actionable misrepresentations and/or an alleged oral collateral
contract. In response, Creative filed a separate suit (hereinafter referred to
as “the counterclaim”) on the basis of Goldzone’s breach of the agreements
such as failure to pay rental, security deposits and service charges and other
sums that fell due. An order for consolidation was made in December 2008.

3 Goldzone’s claims in these proceedings were for rescission of the
agreements, return of security deposits, rent and service charges totalling
$833,436.60, costs and damages. Creative sought dismissal of Goldzone’s claim,
judgment for $381,734.35, interests thereto, costs, as well as damages.

The agreements

4 The three agreements (“the Agreements”) for the lease of units were as
follows:

(a) Letter of offer from Creative dated _9 October 2007_ in respect of units
#01-04 and #01-05 for a period of one year, accepted by Goldzone on _12
October 2007_ (“LO1”). Goldzone took possession of both units on _1 November
2007_.

(b) Letter of offer from Creative dated _31 October 2007_ in respect of units
#05-04 and #05-05 for a period of three years (with an option to renew for
three years), accepted by Goldzone on _1 November 2007_ (“LO2”). Goldzone took
possession of unit #05-05 on _5 November 2007_ and of unit #05-04 on _3
December 2007_.

(c) Letter of offer from Creative dated _22 November 2007_ in respect of units
#01-06/07/08 and #02-06 for a period of five years (with an option to renew
for three years), accepted by Goldzone on 22 November 2007 (“LO3”). Goldzone
did not take possession of these units.

5 While Goldzone did not execute the draft tenancy agreements, the terms of
the draft tenancy agreements were incorporated into all three Agreements by
operation of cl 1.7. It is worth noting that cl 1 of all three Agreements
contained express terms for the payment of rent, utilities, security deposits
and parking charges.

6 The following material witnesses appeared for Goldzone and Creative
respectively:

(a) _Goldzone’s witnesses_ :

Ms Joyce Cheryl Lim Bee Leng (“Ms Lim”) – marketing director.

Ms Diana Marie Colley (“Ms Colley”) – director.

Dr Malcom David Linsell (“Dr Linsell”) – director.

(b) _Creative’s witnesses_ :

Chan Ming Tat (“Mr Chan”) – employee.

John Yeo Siew Phee (“Mr Yeo”) – employee.

Goldzone’s case

7 Goldzone’s pleaded case was built on the foundational premise that
Creative’s Mr Chan represented himself to possess sufficient authority to
commit Creative to plans in relation to the Agreements. Goldzone also argued
that Creative and Mr Chan, in particular, were well aware of Goldzone’s
requirement that the Building was compatible with Goldzone’s vision of running
a one-of-a-kind world class leadership centre. Goldzone argued that Creative
was an “aligned landlord”, collaborating in Goldzone’s venture by, _inter
alia_ , undertaking wide-ranging financial commitments to upgrade the Building
to Goldzone’s satisfaction. As the representations allegedly made by Mr Chan
were presented by Goldzone within this context, I considered the merits, if
any, of these submissions prior to my analysis of the individual
representations identified.

Mr Chan’s authority

8 Firstly, Creative did not dispute that Mr Chan was in charge of the “special
project” of the Building tenancies. However, Creative disagreed with
Goldzone’s allegation that Mr Chan possessed the necessary authority to commit
Creative to the representations alleged by Goldzone. Analysis of the evidence
indicated that Goldzone did not hold this belief either. Goldzone’s witnesses
admitted under cross-examination that they did not think that Mr Chan had
_absolute_ authority to deliver promises without higher authorisation. For
example, when asked about Mr Chan’s authority, Ms Colley remarked that she was
not calling him the sole decision maker. Similarly, in many e-mails between Ms
Lim and Mr Chan, Ms Lim sought clarification of the right person to seek
approvals from, implicitly recognising a limit to Mr Chan’s authority. I was
satisfied that Mr Chan clearly did not possess the unbridled authority alleged
by Goldzone and that in any event Goldzone was not labouring under this
assumption either.

Creative’s knowledge and awareness of Goldzone’s requirements

9 Secondly, Goldzone submitted that Creative, through its representatives Mr
Chan and Mr Yeo, had knowledge that, _inter alia_ , the building type,
estimated space requirements, high quality and top class facilities were
integral to the success of the unique concept of the Goldzone Leadership
Centre and its ten-year plan for regional expansion. Goldzone’s submission
that Creative possessed knowledge of its expectations was undermined by the
following factors:

(a) Goldzone’s awareness of the nature and quality of Creative’s facilities;

(b) Goldzone’s evolving plans; and

(c) the nature and scope of Goldzone’s relationship with Creative.

Awareness of the nature and quality of Creative’s facilities

10 Goldzone was relocating its offices from Suntec City in the Central
Business District area to the Building which was located at 31 International
Business Park, Singapore 609921, a business park in an industrial area in
Jurong. Furthermore, Goldzone could not have been unaware that the Building
had a tenant mix, including companies engaged in manufacturing, logistics and
warehouse businesses. Goldzone could not reasonably compare the Suntec City
premises with the Building in an industrial park, as, to begin with, it was
seeking a much larger space for a quarter to a third the cost in rent per
square foot. On the issue of cost alone, the comparison was illogical. In any
event, from an e-mail from Ms Lim to Andrew John Harrison (“Mr Harrison”),
chief executive officer of Goldzone, it was clear that Goldzone was aware that
the frontage was not “ _great_ ” but, despite this awareness, proceeded to
enter into the multiple Agreements to lease large spaces from Creative.

11 After accepting tenancies for units #01-04 and #01-05; and #05-04 and
#05-05; and entering into possession thereof, Goldzone was still looking for
more space and signed the tenancy for units #01-06/07/08 and #02-06. Goldzone
was well aware of the general condition and state of the Building when each of
the Agreements was signed. In fact, contemporaneous documents do not evidence
any protest, dissatisfaction or disappointment on Goldzone’s part in relation
to the lack of progress of the renovation works for the general premises and
the common areas until early 2008, by which time all three Agreements had been
entered into.

12 Goldzone was in a position to gauge the progress of the renovation works
from August 2007 until the end of November 2007 when the third Agreement for
units #01-06/07/08 and #02-06 was signed (the largest space leased), but it
chose to enter into the Agreements without any protest or sign of progress in
relation to the renovation works. The reasonable conclusion to be drawn from
Goldzone’s behaviour was that it was aware of the general conditions and
surroundings of the Building but chose to enter into one tenancy after another
despite the _apparent_ significant deviation from its own “requirements”.

Goldzone’s evolving plans

13 Goldzone argued that “ _its requirements for the kind of building,
estimated space requirements and surroundings were all made known to Creative_
”. In support of this contention, Goldzone made much of the fact that its
development plan was made available to and read by Creative’s representatives.
However, the specifications set out in the development plan were significantly
different from Goldzone’s expressed needs in the course of negotiations. In
contrast to the requirements in the development plan of 15,000 to 25,000 sq ft
for a monthly rental of $50,000 to $150,000 in a central location, Goldzone
was actually seeking 50,000 sq ft in an industrial park in Jurong. Documentary
evidence indicated that Goldzone’s plans, not least in relation to space
requirements, were clearly in flux both prior to and after leasing units in
the Building. Creative could not have had an “ _abundantly clear_ ” picture of
Goldzone’s needs as they underwent considerable change in the course of
negotiations.

Nature and scope of Goldzone’s relationship with Creative

14 Goldzone’s counsel in his opening statement cautioned the court that “ _the
very essence of the Plaintiffs_ [_sic_] _case would be lost if one was just to
approach this case as a straight forward Landlord Tenant relationship and
dispute_ ”. Goldzone argued that it was looking for “ _a landlord partner_ ”
or an “ _aligned landlord_ ” to enter into a successful collaboration to
create a leadership centre which was not just for everyone but for the very
high end of business leaders. Commercial reality, inconsistency between
Goldzone’s witnesses and contemporaneous evidence stood against this
proposition. Creative had not agreed to any partnership much less made any
financial commitment thereto. Ms Lim’s expectation of a $15m to $50m
expenditure by Creative on upgrading the Building without any agreement,
solely on the basis of the notion of collaboration, stood starkly against
commercial norms. No evidence was adduced by Goldzone to satisfy me of the
existence of any such “collaboration”.

Alleged misrepresentations

15 Goldzone maintained that eight misrepresentations were made by Mr Chan at
the introductory meeting held on 10 August 2007. Goldzone claimed that those
alleged misrepresentations induced them to enter into the Agreements.
Alternatively, Goldzone also claimed that those misrepresentations
collectively formed the terms of an alleged oral collateral contract. I
considered the representations identified by Goldzone within the context of
the tort of deceit prior to my analysis of the existence of an oral collateral
contract.

16 The representations, as articulated by Goldzone, are listed as follows:

(a)UPGRADING PLANS IN EXISTENCE: That Creative had plans to upgrade and
renovate the Creative Resource Building and particularly stated [_sic_] this
included upgrade of toilet facilities, widening of the public walkway/erect
[_sic_] appropriate shelter, koi ponds and rooftop garden and greenery around
the building.

(b)RESTAURANT: Creative had plans to operate or lease out space within the
Creative Resource Building on the 1st level for a restaurant.

(c)RECREATION AREA AT LOADING BAY: Creative had plans to build a recreation
area at the loading bay and that area could be made available for an outdoor
pool, as an extension of wellness/medi-spa facilities which Goldzone had plans
for.

(d)HOTEL/ACCOMMODATION FACILITY: Application could be made for the Level 7 of
the building which was the staff recreational room to erect [_sic_] a Hotel to
accommodate overseas participants of [Goldzone’s] courses at the centre.

(e)WINDOWS: Installation of Windows to Levels 1 & 2\. That for a higher rental
rate Creative will apply for, install, pay for and maintain these installed
windows facing the grass verge on Levels 1 & 2.

(f)GLASS PANELING [_sic_]: That for a higher rental rate Creative will install
and pay for a 2-storey high glass paneling [_sic_] on the 1st Floor mirroring
Creative’s own existing glass paneling [_sic_].

(g)LETTERS OF OFFER COULD BE CHANGED: That IF Goldzone signed letters of offer
in respect of any offered space so as to secure them, the terms thereof could
be subsequently changed to reflect the true terms agreed between Goldzone and
Creative as these Letters of Offer were Internal Creative Documents.

(h)ALIGNMENT OF LEASES: That the agreement for leases as contained in each
Letter of Offer could subsequently be all aligned in one final lease document
with identical commencement and expiry dates.

Tort of deceit

17 Goldzone sought rescission of the Agreements and damages for
misrepresentation under the tort of deceit. The elements necessary to ground
an action in deceit were set out in _Panatron Pte Ltd v Lee Cheow Lee_ [2001]
2 SLR(R) 435 (“ _Panatron_ ”) at [14]. Each representation alleged by Goldzone
was tested against the following elements:

(a) The representation had to be one of fact made by words or conduct.

(b) The representation must have been made with the intention that it was
acted upon by Goldzone or by a class of persons which included Goldzone.

(c) Goldzone must have acted upon the false statement.

(d) Goldzone must have suffered damage by doing so; and

(e) The representation must have been made with knowledge that it was false,
either made wilfully or in the absence of any genuine belief that it was true.

18 It is trite law that to constitute a representation at law a statement must
relate to a matter of fact, present or past as distinct from a statement of
opinion, or of intention or law. Goldzone could only have characterised the
alleged representations as being statements of fact rather than a statement of
opinion or of intention if evidence was adduced to show that Mr Chan did not
honestly have the intention/opinions he conveyed to Goldzone.

19 Goldzone’s witnesses, under cross examination and in their affidavits of
evidence-in-chief, never called Mr Chan a fraudster. In fact, when presented
with the opportunity, Ms Lim remarked (under cross-examination on 4 October
2010):

Q:With the benefit of hindsight, Ms Lim, are you now saying that Mr Chan was
dishonest to you on the 10th of August 2007?

A:I’m not sure. _I felt that what he said was accurate in terms of his
representations to us_.

[emphasis added]

20 In the absence of the crucial ingredient of fraud or dishonesty, the
alleged representations relating to upgrading, the hotel accommodation, the
loading bay and the restaurant were not representations of fact. As such, they
were _not_ actionable for failing to satisfy the first element set out in
_Panatron_. In any event, I examined each representation against the evidence
adduced by both parties.

Upgrading representation

21 In Mr Chan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief as well as under cross-
examination, he conceded that general plans to upgrade and renovate the
Building were discussed as a possibility but “ _no specifics were mentioned_
”. While upgrading plans including koi ponds, rooftop gardens and greenery
were discussed as possibilities, no conclusive representation was made and no
agreement was concluded. Ms Lim herself was unable to say what plans she
understood Creative to have had and she conceded to having “ _no clue_ ” of
what they would cost. No evidence was adduced of any effort made by either
party to contractually incorporate those discussions. Secondly, in an e-mail
from Ms Lim to Goldzone’s Mr Harrison and Ms Anjou MacPherson, a consultant of
Goldzone, Ms Lim clearly indicated: “ _renovation is just a discussion_ ”.

22 In addition to the fact that upgrading plans were merely being _discussed_
by the parties, the non-actionability of the statement is bolstered by the
simple fact that the actual content/terms of the “upgrading” plans were
uncertain. Goldzone was inconsistent with regard to its expectations of the
nature and scope of the upgrading plans. Ms Colley’s expectation was limited
to the usual repairs by a landlord and that did not tally with Ms Lim’s and Dr
Linsell’s grand expectations. Expectations for upgrading varied significantly
from Ms Colley’s disappointment with the “ _chipped tiles, broken bathroom
doors and leaking pipes_ ” to Ms Lim and Dr Linsell’s belief that Creative
would do “ _whatever it takes_ ”, irrespective of the cost, to make Goldzone’s
vision for a luxury leadership centre a reality.

23 Earlier, I found against Goldzone’s submission that Creative was an
“aligned landlord”. As such, in light of the inconsistent evidence from
Goldzone’s witnesses, the likelihood of Mr Chan making a representation to
undertake to spend up to $50m to upgrade the venue on Goldzone’s first
official site visit on 10 August 2007 prior to any formal negotiations taking
place, defies commercial logic and is remote, to say the very least. I
accepted Creative’s submission that Goldzone elevated discussions of mere
possibilities to positive representations.

Restaurant representation

24 Goldzone asserted that Creative was interested in collaborating to manage a
restaurant. Mr Chan did not deny that discussions were ongoing on a possible
joint collaboration for a restaurant on Level 1 of the Building. Creative
raised the possibility of collaboration with a maximum contribution of 20% of
the costs. Similar to the upgrading representation, plans for collaboration
between Goldzone and Creative in relation to the restaurant remained as
discussions or mere possibilities. In an e-mail from Goldzone to Creative, Ms
Lim stated:

... let’s talk seriously about Creative’s involvement and collaboration for
the restaurant.

...

... it will be important to confirm if Creative will JV with us on this
project. ...

...

Please let me know what you need from me to ... _confirm Creative’s
collaboration ... with us on this project_. ...

[emphasis added]

Goldzone was unable to adduce any evidence indicating Creative’s _confirmation
or agreement_ to collaborate on the restaurant project.

25 In any event, as established by _Panatron_ ([17]  _supra_), to constitute
actionable misrepresentation the representee must have acted upon the false
statement of the representor. Goldzone was not induced by this representation,
even if it was made, as Ms Lim herself indicated, “As time moved on, we didn’t
hear back about the joint participation on the project _so [we] just went
ahead negotiating a straight lease for #01-05 for the restaurant_.” [emphasis
added]. Goldzone clearly did not rely on this “representation” as it was
prepared to enter into the Agreements irrespective of the outcome of the
ongoing discussions on the restaurant.

Loading bay representation

26 Goldzone claimed that Mr Chan promised that Creative was planning to
convert the loading bay area into a recreational area for its staff and that
it could be made available as an extension of the wellness/medi-spa facilities
which Goldzone had planned. This claim was unsustainable in the light of Ms
Lim’s unequivocal admission in court on 4 October 2010 that Mr Chan did not
promise this. Discussions between the parties remained discussions and
Creative, where possible, assisted Goldzone in relation to the necessary
approvals required for the medi-spa activities planned.

27 Goldzone concluded negotiations in relation to LO3, units #01-06/07/08 and
#02-06 without reaching an agreement on the use of the loading bay. The
loading bay was never leased by Goldzone. Goldzone cannot logically argue that
the alleged loading bay representation induced them to enter into the third
Agreement as it was actually because of the lack of any agreement on the
details of the loading bay that Goldzone left it out of LO3, subject to
further negotiations. The evidence adduced clarified that Goldzone clearly
recognised that the plans for the loading bay remained in the discussion
phase.

28 From the evidence adduced, the first mention of the medi-spa was in an
e-mail dated 18 October 2007 rather than on 10 August 2007 as Goldzone had
alleged. By this time, the first Agreement had already been entered into.
Goldzone also erroneously stated that it was not clearly informed of the
planning approvals required to operate a medi-spa. In an e-mail dated 19
October 2007, Creative promptly responded to Goldzone stating that _“On the
medi-spa for Area C, [units #01-06/07/08] it has to be approved by JTC. ...
JTC may requires_ [_sic_] _Goldzone to justify the Leadership Training with
medi-spa activities_.” [emphasis added]. Goldzone was informed of the
obstacles ahead and sought Creative’s assistance where possible. No evidence
has been adduced documenting Goldzone’s application to convert the loading bay
into a medi-spa. Neither did Goldzone’s application to JTC Corporation (“JTC”)
in respect of units #01-06/07/08 and #02-06 contain any express mention of a
medi-spa. Goldzone’s failure to carry out this plan could not be blamed on
Creative.

Hotel representation

29 The possibility of Goldzone converting Level 7 of the Building into a hotel
was discussed between the parties but the Agreements executed by Goldzone did
not relate to any space on Level 7. Creative informed Goldzone of the planning
approvals required from the Urban Redevelopment Authority (“the URA”). Both
parties must have appreciated that it was unlikely that the URA would grant
planning permission to build a hotel in an industrial park. In any event,
applications for planning approval from the URA were never pursued or
submitted and no lease for Level 7 was negotiated. I was not satisfied that
any reliance on this representation induced Goldzone to enter into the
Agreements.

Windows representation

30 Creative constructed windows on Levels 1 and 2 for units #01-06/07/08 and
#02-06. As this fact was undisputed, there was no misrepresentation.
Goldzone’s claim was that the completion of this construction gave rise to the
expectation that the other alleged representations would be honoured as well.
However, Creative had begun to obtain quotations and the necessary permits to
construct the said windows, _prior to_ Goldzone’s acceptance of the tenancy
for units #01-06/07/08 and #02-06. In fact, at the time Creative began
planning to build the windows, Goldzone was only considering renting the units
on Level 1. Contemporaneous evidence indicated that the completion of the
windows was simply a matter of Creative putting into action its intention to
have the windows built and was unrelated to any of the other alleged
representations.

Glass panels representation

31 The completion of glass panelling for Levels 1 and 2 was within the
contemplation of both parties but it was common ground that the approval of
the relevant authorities was required. Creative was unsuccessful in its
application to the Fire Safety Board (“the FSB”) for the glass panelling on
Goldzone’s side of the Building. Creative received the FSB rejection letter on
8 October 2007 and Goldzone’s Ms Lim confirmed receipt of this letter in an
e-mail to Mr Yeo on 15 October 2007. While Creative was aware of the FSB
rejection prior to the first Agreement being signed on 12 October 2007, the
precise date that Ms Lim received the rejection letter was unclear. Goldzone’s
argument that they would not have entered into the first Agreement had they
known about the FSB rejection did not seem likely, as knowledge of the
rejection of the application for glass panelling did not deter Goldzone from
entering into the second and third Agreements. In any event, the first
Agreement was for temporary space and the glass panelling would not have been
built at either unit #01-04 or #01-05 (the units leased under the first
Agreement).

32 Goldzone also argued that Creative dishonestly quoted a significantly
smaller cost of $100,000 for the glass panelling despite knowing that the
actual cost was much higher, having received quotations for about $400,000.
Examination of the contemporaneous documents indicated that Mr Chan did not
say that the panelling would cost $100,000. Ms Lim indicated in more than one
e-mail that she was aware that the $100,000 quote was merely Creative’s budget
and she remarked, “ _Whether the $100k covers it or not I’m not sure. We’ll
have to get their plans and negotiate if its_ [_sic_] _not enough for the
glass panelling_.” [emphasis added]. Thus even if one could argue that
Creative sought to mislead Goldzone with the proposal of $100,000, Ms Lim
clearly did not rely on this sum but rather considered it, as it was,
Creative’s budget for the project.

33 In any event, I accepted Creative’s clarification that the quotation in the
region of $400,000 was inaccurate as it was for fire-rated glass of the wrong
dimensions and the quotations were not subject to competitive bids. Cost
aside, as agreed, Goldzone was supposed to make the necessary applications for
the glass panelling and no evidence was adduced of any attempt to gain the
requisite approvals. In any event, by 15 October 2007, Goldzone was aware of
the rejection of the application for glass panelling but nevertheless not only
entered into the third tenancy for units #01-06/07/08 and #02-06 but, even
after its termination, continued negotiating for more space despite knowledge
of the cost and FSB’s rejection of the application for glass panelling.

34 In its statement of claim, Goldzone stated that the representation made in
relation to glass panelling was in essence that, “for a higher rental rate”
Creative would install the said glass panelling. However, in a nutshell,
Goldzone’s case at trial was that in regard to the glass panelling Creative
was _dishonest_ about the FSB rejection letter, the grounds of rejection and
the cost rather than about the alleged higher rental rates negotiated. Owing
to this deviation, no evidence was adduced to show that higher rental rates
were negotiated in reliance on the provision of glass panelling. Creative and
Goldzone did _discuss_ glass panelling but based on the evidence before me, I
was not satisfied that fraudulent misrepresentation was made out in relation
to the FSB rejection letter, the grounds of rejection or the cost of the
venture.

Unenforceable Agreements representation

35 It was only after the second amendment of its statement of claim that
Goldzone alleged that the representations made by Mr Chan constituted an oral
collateral contract between the parties and that the actual Agreements entered
into were merely Creative’s internal documents. Goldzone’s submission was that
Mr Chan gave them the impression that the Agreements were internal documents
only executed to ensure that Goldzone did not lose the units they were
interested in.

36 In the process of negotiating the letters of offer, contractual terms such
as “ _accept offer_ ”, “ _terms of the agreement_ ”, “ _terms and conditions_
” were frequently used by both parties; this was consistent with the
Agreements being legally binding. In an e-mail dated 13 September 2007,
Goldzone’s Ms Lim stated:

As I mentioned to you, we [Goldzone] are committed to taking the entire 2nd
floor at Creative, amounting to 4,875 sqm (plus additional space on the 1st
floor). However, we are unable to sign the letter of offer provided by you
without going through legal ...

We are committing to a tenancy which involves over $12.0M to Creative over the
next 6 years and it is important for us [Goldzone] to make sure that our
lawyers have an overview of the terms and conditions of [the] lease.

Goldzone must have considered the Agreements to have had legal effect as it
paid rent and security deposits in accordance with the terms of the
Agreements. Goldzone also proposed significant amendments to the letters of
offer which would only have been worthwhile if Goldzone had considered the
Agreements to be legally binding.

37 Goldzone’s claim that it believed that the Agreements had no legal effect
stood in direct contrast to the contemporaneous evidence and Goldzone’s own
recourse to legal advice. Even if, as Goldzone alleged, Creative represented
that the Agreements were “internal documents”, of which no evidence was
adduced, Goldzone clearly did not rely on this representation.

Alignment of leases representation

38 Finally, Goldzone claimed that Mr Chan’s representation that the leases
could be aligned into one document, induced Goldzone into signing the
Agreements. The evidence adduced indicated that after all three Agreements had
been signed, Goldzone’s own Ms Lim had requested for the leases to be aligned
in January 2008. Firstly, the fact that Ms Lim enquired into the possibility
of the alignment of the leases in January 2008 casts doubt on the proposition
that Mr Chan had already made such an offer at an earlier date. Secondly, in
the absence of any evidence indicating that Mr Chan had made this
representation, I found that it did not exist as a pre-contractual
representation and was therefore incapable of inducing Goldzone to enter into
the Agreements. Furthermore, Creative’s response to Goldzone’s suggestion
promptly clarified that alignment of the starting dates of the leases might
not be possible due to JTC having approved the existing dates. Contemporaneous
evidence indicated that Ms Lim knew that the alignment of leases remained the
subject of negotiations.

Goldzone’s act of affirmation

39 Leaving aside the facts of this dispute, in theory, if fraudulent
misrepresentation had been made out, Goldzone would have had the right to
decide whether to rescind the Agreements or to affirm the same and sue for
damages. The right to rescind is lost by affirmation when the party entitled
to rescind unequivocally manifests an intention to affirm. However, no
election can be said to have been made unless the misled party is broadly
aware of the true facts.

40 On 10 April 2008, Creative received four months’ overdue rental for units
#01-04 and #01-05, and a second cheque for fitting out works and debris
removal fees from Goldzone. As at 10 April 2008 when the overdue payment was
made, Goldzone was aware that most of what the alleged representations
promised had not been and were not being carried out. Goldzone was notified by
e-mail correspondence (on the following listed dates) that plans for upgrading
and constructing a hotel facility had not progressed, the glass panelling was
not approved (15 October 2007), the loading bay could not be used as a
pool/medi-spa (4 March 2008) and unit #01-05 could not be used as a restaurant
(20 March 2008).

41 Even if all the representations alleged constituted actionable
misrepresentations, which they did not, Goldzone’s act of payment of overdue
rent was arguably an affirmation of the Agreements. A person who is induced by
a misrepresentation to take a lease cannot rescind the lease if after
discovering the truth he _continues to occupy the premises and pays rent_.
Goldzone had knowledge of the “true facts” in relation to all the alleged
representations and, rather than choosing to rescind the Agreements, Goldzone
elected to affirm the Agreements by making payment of overdue rent.

42 Crucially, the payment of rent was initially being actively withheld by
Goldzone to force Creative into performing its “obligations”; as perceived by
Goldzone. Despite discovery of the alleged misrepresentations, Goldzone’s
change of heart to resume rent payment, to my mind indicated affirmation of
the contract with, in Goldzone’s words, “ _the intention of moving forward in
the longer term_ ”. Accordingly, under these circumstances, the remedy of
rescission was unavailable to Goldzone.

Did the alleged representations constitute an oral collateral contract?

43 The common law parole evidence rule is codified in ss 93 and 94 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) stating that evidence cannot be admitted or
used to add to, vary or contradict a written instrument. However, s 94(_b_)
allows extrinsic evidence to be adduced of a separate oral agreement as to
which the written agreement is silent and which is not inconsistent with its
terms.

44 The terms of the oral collateral contract (the alleged representations),
were inconsistent with the express terms of the Agreement. Clause 1.1
expressly stated that Goldzone “ _shall take over the Demised Premises in ‘as
is where is’ condition and be responsible for the maintenance and repair of
the Demised Premises_ ”. This clause was plainly inconsistent with any
representation alleged by Goldzone in relation to the upgrading of the
premises. Furthermore, by way of cl 1.7, terms of the draft tenancy agreement
bound Goldzone and, cll 3(5), 3(11), 3(13), 3(25) and 8(1) therein clearly
contradicted the slew of representations alleged by Goldzone.

45 Furthermore, an oral collateral contract, distinct from the principal
contract, must satisfy all the usual legal requirements of a contract,
including the following:

(a) The statement must be promissory in nature or effect rather than
representational (_Lemon Grass v Peranakan Place Complex Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2
SLR(R) 50 (“ _Lemon grass_ ”) at [116]–[117]).

(b) Certainty of terms.

(c) Separate consideration.

(d) Existence of _animus contrahendi_ , _ie_ , that a statement must be
intended to be legally binding (_Inntrepreneur Pub Co (GL) v East Crown Ltd_
[2000] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 611 at [614]).

46 Goldzone bore the burden of establishing that both parties intended to
create a legally binding contract (_Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Malaysia Mining
Corp Bhd_ [1989] 1 All ER 785 at [796], applied in the _Lemon Grass_ case at
[118]). In its submissions, Goldzone did not establish the requisite elements
to constitute an oral contract distinct from the written Agreements entered
into. For example, in order to persuade the court that the eight alleged
representations were terms capable of constituting an oral collateral
contract, Goldzone could have made systematic submissions, _inter alia_ , in
regard to the existence of _animus contrahendi_ , the certainty of terms and,
_crucially_ , the apparent inconsistency of the “oral contract” with the
written Agreements. On the evidence before me, I found that the alleged
representations were glaringly inconsistent with the terms of the written
Agreements and could not be construed as promises under an oral collateral
contract.

Creative’s counterclaim

47 Apart from its claim, Goldzone did not raise an independent defence to
Creative’s counterclaim which was based on Goldzone’s breach of express
contractual provisions in the Agreements. Since Goldzone failed to establish
any actionable misrepresentation or the existence of an oral collateral
contract, Creative’s counterclaim (which had been made out) therefore
succeeded.

Conclusion

48 In the result, Goldzone’s claim was dismissed and I gave judgment for
Creative in the counterclaim and allowed the liquidated sum of $381,734.35
together with interest thereon at 5.33% per annum from the time the components
of that sum became due and payable.

49 I ordered that damages were to be assessed by the Registrar.

50 I also ordered costs against Goldzone in the action, the counterclaim,
Summons No 598 of 2010 and Summons No 678 of 2010, such costs to be taxed on
an indemnity basis as stipulated in cl 3(55)(ii) of the Agreements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

