Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Foo Jee Seng and others _v_ Foo Jhee Tuang and another  
[2011] SGHC 235

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 909 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 October 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David De Souza and Kevin De Souza (De Souza Lim & Goh
LLP) for the first and second plaintiffs; Vangadasalam Ramakrishnan (V
Ramakrishnan & Co) for the third plaintiff; Tan Hee Liang and Tan Hee Joek
(Tan See Swan & Co) for the first and second defendants.  
Parties| :|  Foo Jee Seng and others — Foo Jhee Tuang and another  
  
28 October 2011|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 At the centre of this controversy was the land and premises known as No 39
Lorong Marzuki, Singapore (“the Property”). It was the subject of an express
trust contained in a will dated 8 May 1975 (“the Will”) made by one Foo Tai
Joong (“the testator”), who was the father of all the parties before this
court. The plaintiffs, who were beneficiaries under the trust, by this action
sought to compel the first defendant, as trustee, to sell the Property and
distribute the proceeds of sale in accordance with the terms of the Will. On
18 May 2011, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ application, and I now set out the
grounds for my decision.

Background

2 The testator had sought by the Will to make provision for all the members of
his family. The most significant asset in his estate was the Property and he
devised the same to his wife, one Yap Wee Kien (“Mdm Yap”), and his son, the
first defendant Foo Jhee Tuang, (together, “the Trustees”), to hold on trust
for the named beneficiaries of the Will. These beneficiaries comprised the
testator’s wife and all six of his children (“the Beneficiaries”), and the
Will provided for them in the following terms:

1\. I APPOINT my wife YAP WEE KIEN and my son FOO JHEE TUANG if and when he
attains the age of 21 years to be my Executrix and Executor and Trustees of
this my Will (hereinafter called “my Trustees”).

2\. I GIVE and DEVISE my property known as No. 39, Lorong Marzuki, Singapore,
unto my Trustees UPON TRUST to sell call in and convert the same into money
with power to postpone the sale calling in and conversion thereof so long as
they shall in their absolute discretion think fit without being liable for
loss and to hold the net proceeds of the said sale and conversion upon the
following trusts:-

(a) Upon trust to invest in their names in any investments authorised by law
and to stand possessed of such investments and the said property if unsold.

(b) Upon trust to divide the net income from the said investments or the net
rent and profits from the said property equally to my wife and children namely
the said YAP WEE KIEN, FOO JEE FONG, FOO LEE LEE, FOO JEE SENG, FOO JHEE
TUANG, FOO CHIN CHIN AND FOO JEE BOO.

(c) Upon trust to hold the said property or the net proceeds of sale and
conversion thereof and any investments therefrom in trust to divide the same
to my wife and the said children in equal shares.

3 The testator passed away on 5 May 1979, and Mdm Yap obtained a grant of
probate on 30 November 1979 as one of the executors of the will. The first
defendant was about 18 years old at the time of his father’s death, and leave
was reserved to him to come in and prove the Will when he attained the age of
21 years. As it turned out, the first defendant only did so much later, when
he obtained a grant of double probate on 4 March 2010. It was the first
defendant’s position that as long as Mdm Yap was alive she administered the
testator’s estate. It was only in 2009 some four years after Mdm Yap’s death
in July 2005, that the first defendant learnt that he was entitled to act as
executor of the testator’s estate.

4 By Mdm Yap’s will dated 18 May 2002 she bequeathed her share in the Property
to three of her sons in the following proportions: two shares to the third
plaintiff, and one share each to the first plaintiff and the first defendant.
A title search conducted on 6 October 2010 revealed that the Property remained
registered in Mdm Yap’s name “in trust”, and that there were three caveats
lodged against the Property. The first was lodged on 11 March 2010 by the
third plaintiff; the second was lodged on 19 March 2010 jointly by the first
and second plaintiffs, and the third was lodged on 13 April 2010 by the second
defendant who is a Beneficiary and the sister of the other parties. All the
above caveats claimed an “Interest other than purchaser/mortgagee/charge”.

5 By Summons No 5672/2010/S filed in these proceedings on 6 December 2010, the
first defendant sought _inter alia_ an order that he be declared the sole
surviving executor and trustee of the testator, and an order that he was
entitled to have the Property conveyed to him by Transmission on Death of
Proprietor. Orders in terms of the foregoing were granted on 21 March 2011.

6 The Property is situated on about 5029 square feet of land in the eastern
part of Singapore, and its value had apparently appreciated from about $60,000
at the time of the testator’s death in 1979 to about $4 million in 2010. The
current value of the Property belies its current shabby condition: it was
described by the parties as a “single storey old wooden zinc roof landed home”
in a “dilapidated state”. The Property has been partitioned into as many as
ten rooms, and these rooms were rented out to provide a source of rental
income for the family. This enterprise began during the testator’s lifetime
and, after his death, continued under the oversight of Mdm Yap. After her
death, it was continued by her sons, the first and third plaintiffs. Sometime
after 2005, the first defendant took over the rent collection, although it is
disputed as to when he did so. The plaintiffs alleged that the first defendant
took over the rent collection in 2008, but the first defendant claimed that he
only did so in September 2009. In any event, the amount of rent collected was
not very high. According to the first defendant it ranged from $1,130 in
September 2009 to $200 in September 2010. There was also the need to apply
some of this rent toward the maintenance and upkeep of the Property, and after
this was done the rental income did not amount to very much.

The proceedings

7 The plaintiffs Foo Jee Seng, Foo Li Li and Foo Jee Boo are, respectively,
the testator’s second son, eldest daughter and fourth son. The defendants Foo
Jhee Tuang and Foo Chin Chin are the plaintiffs’ siblings and, respectively,
the testator’s third son and second daughter. The parties had another brother,
one Foo Jee Fong (the testator’s eldest child), who was also named in the Will
as a beneficiary, but who died intestate on 19 July 2007.

8 In this Originating Summons filed on 2 September 2010, the plaintiffs prayed
_inter alia_ for orders that the Property be sold; that the sale be committed
to the plaintiffs, and that the first defendant be made to furnish proper
particulars and accounts of the rent and profits from the Property from 2008
to the present time.

9 It was clear that the plaintiffs had initiated these proceedings against the
first defendant in his capacity as trustee of the Property. However, as
against the second defendant, the plaintiffs claimed that they decided to
include her as a defendant only because they had not managed to contact her in
relation to the proposed action and were thus unaware of her position on this
matter. The plaintiffs claimed that they had not received any reply to either
of two letters sent by their solicitors to the second defendant. The first
letter sent on 2 February 2010 requested that second defendant state her
position on the matter, and the second letter sent on 11 May 2010 informed the
second defendant of a meeting between the plaintiffs and the first defendant
at which the parties would seek to resolve the matter. Though the second
defendant allegedly failed to respond to the letters, she lodged a caveat
against the Property in her name on 13 April 2010. The second defendant also
filed an affidavit on 22 October 2010, in which she stated that she was taking
a neutral position. She did not take any active part in the proceedings
thereafter.

The parties’ submissions

10 The thrust of the plaintiffs’ case was that the Property should be sold
because, on the true construction of the Will, the testator’s intention was to
provide for his wife and then infant children from the rental income of the
Property. So long as the Property was generating a reasonable rental income,
the Trustees could delay the sale of the Property. Counsel for the plaintiffs,
Mr David De Souza, submitted that the rental income of the Property was no
longer reasonable enough to justify withholding the sale of the Property any
longer, and furthermore the children were now adults. Therefore, the Property
should be sold and the sale proceeds distributed among the beneficiaries. To
achieve this, Mr De Souza submitted that this court should order a sale of the
Property pursuant to Order 80 Rule 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”).

11 Counsel for the first defendant, Mr Tan Hee Liang, contended that it would
be inappropriate for the court to grant relief under O 80 r 2, because it was
merely a procedural provision, and jurisdiction to engage O 80 r 2 must first
be founded in s 56(1) of the Trustees Act (Cap 337, 2005 Rev Ed). According to
Mr Tan, s 56 (1) requires that there be a lack of power on the part in the
powers of the trustee to deal with the trust property in a certain manner
before the court can exercise its discretion to authorise such dealings. In
the present case, the Will had specifically imposed on the Trustees the duty
to sell the Property and the power to postpone the sale, therefore no
jurisdiction could be grounded in s 56(1). Mr Tan submitted that on the proper
construction of the Will, the Property was meant to be used as an investment
property, and the plain words of the Will conferred a power on the first
defendant to postpone the sale as he thought fit. Furthermore, there was no
reason to compel a sale of the Property since rental income was still being
generated, and the first defendant had exercised his discretion in a _bona
fide_ manner.

The issues

12 Five issues had to be resolved in deciding whether the plaintiffs were
entitled to the orders that they sought:

(a)

whether the trust in the Will was in the nature of a trust for sale, and if
so, how this device operated in the context of a will;

(b)

what the ambit of the court’s power to supervise trustees in their exercise of
their discretionary powers was;

(c)

what the relationship between O 80 r 2 and s 56 of the Trustees Act was;

(d)

what the proper construction of the Will was; and

(e)

whether the first defendant could be made to give an account of the rent from
the Property.

The trust for sale

13 The Trustees’ obligations are set out in cl 2 of the Will:

2\. I GIVE and DEVISE my property known as No. 39, Lorong Marzuki, Singapore,
unto my Trustees UPON TRUST to sell call in and convert the same into money
with power to postpone the sale calling in and conversion thereof so long as
they shall in their absolute discretion think fit without being liable for
loss and to hold the net proceeds of the said sale and conversion upon the
following trusts:-

14 Simply stated, this directs that the Trustees should hold the Property on
trust, with a duty to sell the Property, but with a power to postpone the sale
in their discretion. Should they decide to exercise their power of sale, then
the proceeds of the sale may be applied to the following trusts listed in cll
2 (a)-(c). Clauses 2(b) and (c) set out the Beneficiaries’ interests as
follows:

(b) Upon trust to divide the net income from the said investments or the net
rent and profits from the said property equally to my wife and children namely
the said YAP WEE KIEN, FOO JEE FONG, FOO LEE LEE, FOO JEE SENG, FOO JHEE
TUANG, FOO CHIN CHIN AND FOO JEE BOO.

(c) Upon trust to hold the said property or the net proceeds of sale and
conversion thereof and any investments therefrom in trust to divide the same
to my wife and the said children in equal shares.

15 Clause 2(b) directs that the Beneficiaries should be entitled to either the
income resulting from the investments acquired with the proceeds of sale, or
from the rent and profits accruing from the Property. Clause 2(c) directs that
the Property or the sale proceeds including any investments acquired with the
sale proceeds should be held in trust and divided equally among the
Beneficiaries. Although it was not immediately apparent from the submissions,
it was clear from this examination of the Will that the plaintiffs in their
prayer for a sale of the Property sought to reap the benefits conferred on
them by Clause 2(c).

16 The direction given to the Trustees in the Will although common is not
entirely clear. What is the legal consequence of stating that the Trustees are
under a duty to sell the Property, but have the power to postpone the sale at
their discretion? Some guidance is derived from Megarry and Wade, _The Law of
Real Property_ (Stevens & Sons Limited, 5th Ed, 1984) (“ _Megarry and Wade”_),
which states at p 314 that:

A trust for sale is a trust which directs the trustees to sell the trust
property, invest the proceeds, and hold the resulting fund upon the trusts
declared by the settlor.

On the next page, p 315:

In a trust for sale the legal estate was vested in the trustees upon trust to
sell the land and hold the income until sale and the proceeds thereafter upon
specified trusts for the beneficiaries. The trustees were usually given power
to postpone sale in their discretion, and to manage the land until sale.

Thus the species of trust contained in the Will is a device known as a trust
for sale, which was used to achieve specific objectives and, at common law,
was informed by its own set of principles.

17 A trust for sale was a method of settling land, or, in other words, of
creating successive interests in land. The trust for sale differed from the
strict settlement in the following manner, _Megarry and Wade_ 5th Ed p 314:

A trust for sale is a trust which directs the trustees to sell the trust
property, invest the proceeds, and hold the resulting fund upon the trusts
declared by the settlor. Its objects and operation are therefore quite
different from those of a strict settlement. Instead of aiming to preserve a
family estate against sales, mortgages or other vicissitudes, as did the old
type of strict settlement, the trust for sale set out by treating the property
as so much potential money. Dividing it among the family was therefore easy...

18 A trust for sale of land was a device which facilitated the distribution of
trust property amongst the beneficiaries. It did so by requiring that the
trustees sell the land so that the land was converted into money which was
easily portioned out to beneficiaries. So long as the obligation on the
trustees to sell was immediate and binding - notwithstanding that the sale had
not taken place - the equitable maxim that “equity looks on that as done which
ought to be done” would apply and deem the interests of the beneficiaries to
be in the sales proceeds, rather than the land. In other words, the
beneficiaries had interests in personalty, rather than realty. This was the
ancient equitable doctrine of conversion, which had at its heart the thinking
that the rights of those entitled to either realty or personalty should not
depend on the time at which the duty to convert the property was fulfilled.
The editors of _Snell’s Equity_ (Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited, 32nd Ed,
2010) elaborate on this at p 135:

The trust for sale...directed the trustees to sell the land and invest its
proceeds, holding the fund upon the trusts declared. Although trustees were
usually given power to postpone sale, and the consent of beneficiaries
entitled to possession was often required before sale could be effected, the
imposition of a binding obligation to sell on the trustees triggered the
doctrine of conversion. It followed that, even before the land was sold, the
rights of beneficiaries were deemed to be rights in personalty as opposed to
land.

19 The doctrine of conversion applied equally in Singapore upon the reception
of English law in 1826. The editors of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore Vol (9)2
Equity and Trusts_ (LexisNexis Singapore, 2003) reiterated this at p115
[110.107]:

...so long as there is a duty to sell, it matters not that a discretion to
postpone sale is attached. The doctrine of conversion will still operate
although as a result of exercise of the discretion to postpone sale, the sale
eventuates many years later.

The doctrine of conversion was abolished in England in 1997. As Singapore has
not followed suit so far, the doctrine of conversion continues to apply here.

20 Relevant in this context is local legislation based on the English Settled
Law Act 1925. The relevant version of this is the Settled Estates Act 1970
(Cap 39) (“SEA 1970”), which was the law as it stood at the time the testator
made the Will. Section 2 of the SEA 1970 contains the following definition of
“settlement”:

“settlement” means any statute, deed, agreement, will or other instrument, or
any number of such instruments, under or by virtue of which any immovable
property, or any estates or interests therein, stand limited to, or in trust
for, any person or persons, by way of succession, including any such
instruments affecting the estates of any one or more of such persons
exclusively;...

Unlike the English Settled Land Act 1925, the SEA 1970 did not contain an
express provision to the effect that it would not apply to trusts for sale of
land. However, since the doctrine of conversion endures in Singapore, if an
immediate binding trust for sale of land were created, then the interests of
the beneficiaries would be in personalty, not realty. The SEA 1970 limits its
own ambit to settlements which relate to estates or interests in immovable
property, not personalty, and therefore the trust for sale of land would
escape the SEA 1970’s purview.

21 From the point of view of a drafter of wills, a trust for the sale of land
could be used to evade the application of the SEA 1970 or its subsequent
iterations. Indeed, this is the rather strongly expressed view taken by James
Kessler QC and Chiwi Lee in _Drafting Trusts and Will Trusts_ , (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2007) at p 215:

The trust for sale represents the nadir of English land law. In theory a trust
for sale is a direction to trustees to sell trust property, the trustees,
usually having a power to “postpone” the sale. The sale is then “postponed”
indefinitely, so that – despite the trust for sale – no sale takes place. In
reality the trust for sale is simply ignored.

And this is continued at p 219:

Care is needed to ensure that the trust remains an “immediate, binding trust
for sale” efficacious for its purpose, which is to exclude the Settled Estates
Act (Cap 293).

The trust for sale clause is often placed at the beginning of a settlement....
But the clause is no less effective if it is relegated to a schedule; and
since the clause is a technicality and a legal fiction of the lowest order,
that course is proposed.

22 What difficulties lurked in the SEA 1970 that could cause testators to
avoid the application of this Act? One of the salient features of the SEA 1970
was that settled estates could only be sold, and could only be leased out,
with the authorisation of the High Court. Section 7 provided that an
application for sale or lease could be made by or on behalf of either the
beneficiaries or the trustees; and s 8 provided that such application had to
be taken out by way of summons, with supporting affidavits and evidence.
Section 9 required that the consent of all the beneficiaries to the
application be obtained, and s 10 required that notice of the application be
served on all trustees of beneficiaries of the estate. Undoubtedly, it could
be a laborious task for beneficiaries and trustees to deal with land under a
settlement, since their ability to do so depended on the discretion of the
court, with all the attendant procedural requirements and costs. This was in
sharp contrast to the ease with which trustees under a trust for sale of land
could deal with the land; since legal title to the land was vested in their
names, they could sell and lease the land with far greater autonomy.

23 In this case the testator may have created a trust for the sale of the
Property as an alternative to creating a settlement of land. A strong
indication of this is that the Property was rented out during the testator’s
lifetime, and the stream of rental income that resulted would have been known
to him. The circumstances under which the Property was tenanted out are
important: the Property was tenanted out to as many as ten tenants at one
time, rather than one tenant who occupied the entire house. Up to ten leases
were thus in operation at any one time, and the management of these would have
required considerable powers of administration with great flexibility in their
execution. In order to facilitate the continued tenancy of the rooms in the
Property after the testator’s death, it would make sense that the persons
charged with the management of the Property be endowed with autonomy in their
management of the Property. Those persons would have to be able to make and
unmake leases with ease, and have control over the terms of the leases. Under
these circumstances, the creation of a trust for the sale of the Property
rather than a settlement would have been an attractive proposition.

The court’s supervision of the exercise of discretionary powers by a trustee
of a trust for sale

24 Trustees who held by virtue of a trust for the sale of land were duty bound
to sell the land, although they may be also be accorded a power to postpone
the sale at their discretion. It should be noted that in England, the Law of
Property Act 1925 implied a power to postpone in all trusts for sale of land.
The common law position in England was that if there was no explicit power to
postpone, then the sale would have to take place within a reasonable time and
if the trust was contained in a will, then the sale should take place within a
year of the testator’s passing. In contrast, if there was an explicit power to
postpone the sale, then the court would assume that the exercise of discretion
to postpone the sale was exercised properly, and refrain from interfering in a
_bona fide_ exercise of discretion. The court would be slow to order a sale
where the trustees had in good faith decided that a sale should be postponed
(_see_ Sherrin, Barlow and Wallington, _Williams on Wills_ (Butterworths, 7th
Ed 1995) at p 1287) (_“Williams on Wills”_).

25 The court does not perform the function of supervising the day-to-day
exercise of discretion by trustees. Instead, the court is dependent on the
beneficiaries of the trust to bring alleged instances of improper trustee
behaviour to the court’s attention. The ambit of the court’s power to
supervise trustees is limited to four distinct situations, as laid out i _n
Public Trustee v Cooper_ [2001] WTLR 901:

(1) where the issue is whether some proposed action is within the trustees’
powers;

(2) where the issue is whether the proposed course of action is a proper
exercise of the trustees’ powers;

(3) where there is a surrender of discretion to the court; and

(4) where the trustees have actually taken action and the action is attacked
as being either outside their powers or an improper exercise of their powers.

In the first situation, the court considers questions such as the extent of
the trustees’ powers and the proper construction of the trust instrument. In
the second situation, the trustees may seek to legitimise a proposed course of
action by asking for the court’s approval of this. The third situation occurs
when the trustees surrender the decision as to what course of action to
proceed with to the court. The court may then act in the place of the trustees
and act as a responsible trustee could be expected to act having regard to all
material circumstances and in doing so the court is not bound by the wishes of
the beneficiary. Crucially, the court has no greater powers than the trustees
would have under the trust instrument or general law. The fourth situation is
the most relevant one to the instant case, and this is where the trustees have
exercised their power, and their exercise is challenged on the grounds that it
was not _bona fide_ and the trustees did not give genuine and responsible
consideration to the same. This is the only ground upon which the court will
review trustees’ discretion where it has already been exercised, since it is
not the court’s function to hear appeals against trustees’ decisions.

26 Should a complaint falling under the second and fourth situations be
brought to the court, the question then arises as to the _extent_ to which the
court can control the trustees’ exercise of discretion. Although the second
and fourth situations differ insofar as the former involves a proposed course
of action and the latter involves a course of action actually embarked upon;
the same fundamental analysis applies to both. This analysis is primarily
informed by the principle of non-intervention, which states that where the
trustees have absolute discretion to do or refrain from doing a particular
action, and if their conduct is informed, _bona fide_ and free from the
influence of improper motives, then the court will not interfere in the
trustees’ exercise of their powers. The principle of non-intervention is one
of some longevity, dating back to at least the 19th century where in the 1880
case of the _Marquis Camden v Murray_ 16 Ch D 161, Jessel MR was reluctant to
substitute the trustees’ discretion with that of the court’s, in the absence
of _mala fides_. This principle was furthered by Chitty J in _Tempest v Lord
Camoys_ (1882) 21 Ch. D. 571, who added that the court would also not
interfere with the particular time and manner of the trustees’ _bona fide_
exercise of their power.

27 To be absolutely clear, the principle of non-intervention applies to
instances where the trustees have absolute discretion in the exercise of their
powers. If the exercise of trustee powers was made imperative in any way, this
would effectively be a duty, the performance of which the court would be more
willing to enforce.

28 The first defendant naturally submitted that the court should not interfere
with his exercise of discretion. In support of this he relied on _In re
Kipping_ [1914] 1 Ch 62 for two propositions: (i) the beneficiary was not
entitled to interfere with the _bona fide_ exercise by the trustees of their
discretion and to call upon them to sell the trust property; (ii) that this
was because the beneficiary only had a distributive share of the income of the
property prior to sale, and only after the sale was he entitled to a
distributive share of the proceeds of sale. In my opinion the first
proposition is correct, but I have my reservations about the second. If by the
operation of the doctrine of conversion, the interests of the beneficiaries
were converted from realty to personalty, then it is difficult to see why the
beneficiaries should not be entitled to an interest in the sales proceeds. Of
course it is a fiction to say that the beneficiaries had an interest in sales
proceeds that did not yet exist, but that was precisely the manner in which
the doctrine of conversion operated. Limiting the beneficiaries to an interest
in the income only would mean that the beneficiaries had neither an interest
in the real estate nor an interest in the sales proceeds, which would leave
them with no interest in the capital value of the property at all.

29 In sum, where the power given to trustees is one that can be exercised in
their absolute discretion, then the court shall not step in to compel an
exercise of the power before the trustees have decided to act; and after they
have decided to act the court shall not interfere to overturn the exercise of
their powers. The only exception to this is where there is an allegation that
the powers were exercised (or not exercised) in bad faith. The court does not
hear appeals from the decisions of trustees; and even if the court would not
have acted as the trustees had or proposed to, this still is no ground for
interfering in the trustees’ powers. As was said in _Re Londonderry’s
Settlement_ [1965] Ch 918, the settlor had chosen to entrust the powers to the
trustees, not to the court. There is no reason for the court to assume these
for itself.

30 In the present case it was clear that the first defendant had engaged his
power as trustee and exercised his discretion to postpone the sale of the
Property; yet the plaintiffs complained that he should not have exercised his
discretion in this manner. On the face of it, this was a complaint which fell
under the fourth situation described in [25]. Notwithstanding this, the
plaintiffs neither alleged that he had exercised his discretion _mala fides_ ,
nor did they say that he did not give genuine and responsible consideration to
his power. If the only ground of bad faith upon which the court would
potentially interfere with a trustee’s exercise of discretion was not relied
upon, what more could the plaintiffs use to support their application? The
plaintiffs’ complaints that it was more than 30 years since the testator died,
that they were more than 50 years old and not in the pink of health and could
use a distribution of sale proceeds for their medical and living expenses were
not sufficient.

Order 80 Rule 2 of the Rules of Court and s 56(1) of the Trustees Act

31 The plaintiffs sought to rely on Order 80 of the Rules of Court, in
particular O80 r 2(3)(c) and (e). These state that:

**Determination of questions, etc., without administration (O80, r.2)**

**..**.

(3) Without prejudice to the generality of paragraph (1), an action may be
brought for any of the following reliefs:

...

(c) an order directing a person to do or abstain from doing a particular act
in his capacity as personal representative;

...

(e) an order directing any act to be done in the administration of the estate
of a deceased person or in the execution of a trust which the Court could
order to be done if the estate or trust were being administered or executed,
as the case may be, under the direction of the Court.

32 Mr De Souza submitted that the specific provisions of O 80 excerpted above
empowered this court to order a sale of the Property. This was supported by
reference to s 18 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1998 Rev
Ed) (“SCJA”) read with the First Schedule of the same, which provides that the
High Court shall have the power to direct a sale of land in any cause or
matter relating to a piece of land. He added a third statutory buttress in the
form of Order 9 Rule 4 ROC, which provides that the court shall have the
inherent power to make any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or
to prevent an abuse of the process of the court.

33 I agreed with Mr De Souza to the extent that this court does indeed possess
all the powers he submitted it does, but I could not see a reason as to why
those powers _ought_ to be exercised in this case. As explained above, the
court will interfere in the trustees’ exercise of discretionary powers if
there is some allegation of _mala fides_ , and in the absence of such
allegation I found little reason to consider the powers conferred by the
statutes he has relied on.

34 Mr Tan submitted that O 80 r 2 was merely a procedural provision, and in
the absence of jurisdiction founded in s 56(1) of the Trustees Act, it would
be inappropriate for the court to grant relief. It should be noted that Mr De
Souza at the hearing on 21 March 2011 expressly disclaimed any reliance by the
plaintiffs on s 56(1) Trustees Act. He stated they only wished to proceed on O
80 r 2. Mr Tan’s contention was, however, that if the plaintiffs wished to
rely on O 80 r 2, they must first satisfy s 56(1). The relevant portion of s
56(1) states that:

**Power of court to authorise dealings with trust property**

**56**. – (1) Where in the management or administration of any property vested
in trustees, any sale, lease, mortgage, surrender, release, or other
disposition, or any purchase, investment, acquisition, expenditure, or other
transaction, is in the opinion of the court expedient, but the same cannot be
effected by reason of the absence of any power for that purpose vested in the
trustees by the trust instrument, if any, or by law, the court may –

(a) by order confer upon the trustees, either generally or in any particular
instance, the necessary power for the purpose, on such terms, and subject to
such provisions and conditions, if any, as the court may think fit;...

35 Mr Tan was correct in saying that s 56(1) of the Trustees Act was
irrelevant to the present case, since the section deals with the situation
where there is the _absence_ of a trustee power to manage the trust property,
and the court finds that it is expedient to confer such power on the trustee.
In contrast, the present case involved a will which by its language imposed a
duty on the trustee to sell the Property and a power to postpone the sale.
There was an imperative power on the trustee to effect the sale, and the
application of s 56(1) was thus precluded. That is as far as I needed to go in
relation to this argument, and in the light of my opinion that there was
little impetus for the consideration of the O 80 r 2 powers, I did not need to
decide if s 56(1) is indeed a jurisdictional pre-requisite to O 80 r 2.

The proper construction of the Will

36 The main reason that the plaintiffs used in support of their application
was that a proper construction of the Will pointed towards the conclusion that
the Property should be sold, and therefore the court should give effect to
this intention. Mr De Souza relied on the case of _Leo Teng Choy v Leo Teng
Kit and ors_. [2000] 3 SLR(R) 636 for the following propositions. First, it is
a general principle of will construction that the court should ascertain the
intention of the testator from the will as a whole, in the light of any
extrinsic evidence admissible for the purpose of its construction. Second, a
strict literal construction of the will can be made to step aside in favour of
a construction which is in accord with the broad objective of the testator,
under the appropriate circumstances.

37 The general principles of will construction can be stated very shortly. The
overarching consideration is to give effect to the testator’s intention at the
time of the making of the will, as this intention was expressed in the words
of the will. The intention must be derived from looking at the entire will,
and (it is not a contradiction to say this) each and every part of the will is
to be construed in the light of that intention. In this regard I refer to _Re
Will of Loke Soh Lui_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 956 where Chan Seng Onn JC (as he then
was) held:

[58] Plainly, one has to give effect to a will to accord with the testator's
intention as disclosed by the will... One has to find the testator's intention
in the words used in the will, given their natural and grammatical meaning.
However, that may be modified if it is necessary to conform with the real
intention found by construing the will as a whole. Unexpressed intentions are
clearly irrelevant. I adopt the position stated in para 371 of  _Halsbury's
Laws of England vol 50_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed) that:

The expressed intention is in all cases taken as the actual intention,
whatever the testator in fact intended, and as a general rule the court may
not give effect to any intention which is not expressed or implied in the
language of the will.

38 Also relevant is whether the Will had been drafted by a lawyer or by the
testator himself, since a lawyer skilled in drafting testamentary instruments
would be more comfortable with technical terms. Therefore, the accepted rules
for the drafting of wills in existence at the time the will was drafted would
also be relevant, since we must have an awareness of the rules that informed
the draftsman’s work.

39 The principles stated above are consistent with those in _Leo Teng Choy_ ’s
case which was relied on by the plaintiffs. That said, it should be noted that
_Leo Teng Choy_ ’s case did not concern a trust for sale, and the Court of
Appeal in that case was construing the will for the purposes of deciding
whether a sale under s 56(1) of the Trustees Act should be ordered.

40 On the plaintiffs’ construction of the Will, the proper interpretation was
that the testator intended that the Trustees could delay or withhold the sale
only for as long as the Property could produce reasonable rental income. Since
the rental income at the present time was meagre, the Property should be sold
to realise its capital value. The first defendant construed the Will
differently, and was of the opinion that an “investment theme” ran through the
Will, and it was plain that the testator had meant to use the Property as an
investment property. To the first defendant, this seemed to mean that the
Property should be preserved, and the rental income from the Property
distributed amongst the beneficiaries.

41 The Will is a short one, and the most relevant portion of the Will is
Clauses 1 and 2 which have been reproduced at [2] above. The only other clause
in the Will is Clause 3, which is a standard clause that simply makes
provision for funeral and testamentary expenses, and the disposal of the
residue.

42 To my mind, the words of the Will are clear in imposing a trust for sale on
the Trustees, with a power to postpone the sale indefinitely. Having
considered the Will in its entirety, I see no indication of a contrary
intention, and it seems that the intention of the testator must have been
simply that the Trustees should hold the Property until they thought fit to
sell it, and in the meanwhile distribute the rental income derived from the
Property amongst the Beneficiaries. I would not go as far as to say that the
trust for sale was indeed a “legal fiction” as said by Kessler QC and Lee in
_Drafting Trusts and Will_ Trusts (_see_[21] above) but it is possible that
the trust for sale was a device with utility beyond the plain meaning of its
words. I have considered at [23] above that this trust for sale might have
been created as an alternative to a settlement for the purposes of evading the
provisions of the SEA 1970. What this could mean is that the testator might
have had the intention of preserving the land within the ownership of the
family and creating successive interests in the land, as is consistent with a
settlement; but drafted this in the form of a trust for sale to facilitate the
management of the tenancies of the Property. This interpretation draws
strength from the fact that the Will was drafted by a lawyer, rather than by
the testator himself, and the lawyer in all probability would have been
familiar with the legislation in force, the drafting practices in use at that
time and how to navigate these to achieve the result the testator wanted.

43 In 1975 when the Will was drafted, the testator’s six children would have
been fairly young, with the eldest child being about 18 years old and the two
youngest children being only 10 and 4 years old respectively. Mdm Yap was then
a homemaker with a small business of selling eggs from home-reared chickens.
The testator’s only asset of significant value was the Property, and the
instinct to make financial provision for his widow and young family would have
been strong. It was perhaps in this context that the plaintiffs advanced their
interpretation of the Will, and since the Beneficiaries are now all well into
their middle age, the plaintiffs contended that there is no need to make such
provision anymore and the Property should thus be sold. It is true that the
testator did make financial provision for his family by his Will, but even so,
there is nothing in the Will to suggest that the testator intended any
particular point at which this financial provision should cease. It would have
been simple for the testator to manifest this intention; all he would have had
to do was to include, for example, a provision to the effect that the Property
should be sold when the last of his surviving children attained the age of 21,
with another clause to make provision for his widow.

44 In any event, it is difficult to hold that the court should interfere with
the trustees’ discretion to exercise their powers just because the trust
document should bear a certain interpretation. If the court is to interfere,
it should be because the trust document should bear a certain interpretation,
_and as a consequence of this_ , the trustees had exercised or refrained from
exercising their powers in a manner that was not _bona fide_.

Whether the first defendant could be made to give an account of the rent and
profits from the Property

45 An account of profits is a remedy that can be granted against the holder of
fiduciary duties when a breach of these duties has been established. The
plaintiffs prayed for such account of profits but did not allege a breach of
fiduciary duties by the first defendant in their submissions, and did not
provide any evidence of the same. In the absence, and proof, of any such
allegation, I could not grant this relief.

Conclusion

46 For the above reasons, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Oct 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

