Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Singapore Telecommunications Ltd _v_ APM Infotech Pte Ltd  
[2011] SGHC 147

Case Number| :| Suit No 383 of 2010 (Summons No 2049 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 June 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Eunice Chua AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mohammed Reza and Alina Chia (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  Singapore Telecommunications Ltd — APM Infotech Pte Ltd  
  
8 June 2011|  
---|---  
  
Eunice Chua AR:

Introduction

1 In today’s globalised world where claims often involve parties from
different jurisdictions, enforcement is of key concern to a plaintiff. This
case raises the interesting question of whether a court may exercise its
inherent jurisdiction to enter judgment after considering the merits of the
plaintiff’s case rather than in default of appearance pursuant to O 13 r 1 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) – the former
being a foreign judgment enforceable in the defendant’s jurisdiction and the
latter one that is not.

Factual background

2 On 25 May 2010, the plaintiff filed a writ of summons with its statement of
claim endorsed in the High Court. The plaintiff claimed against the defendant
US$491,682.46 for the provision of international calling services that the
defendant had not paid for, contractual interest of two percent per month and
costs on an indemnity basis. The international calling services were provided
pursuant to two agreements: (1) a “Service Request-Cum-Agreement for Corporate
Voice Delivery (CVD) Service” (“the CVD agreement”); and (2) a “Service
Request-Cum-Agreement for SingTel International Private Leased Circuit (IPLC)
Service” (“the IPLC agreement”) (collectively “the Agreements”) entered into
on 12 December 2005. The Agreements incorporated “Specific Terms and
Conditions for CVD Service” and “Specific Terms and Conditions for IPLC
Service”, respectively, as well as the plaintiff’s “General Terms and
Conditions of Service”, two versions of which are applicable to the present
dispute, namely one effective from 1 June 2004 and another effective from 1
August 2006. Both versions of the plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions
stipulated in cl 17.1 that the laws of Singapore would govern any disputes
arising from the Agreements and that the defendant submitted to the non-
exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.

3 On 15 June 2010, the plaintiff applied for leave to serve the writ of
summons and statement of claim out of jurisdiction under O 11 r 1(d)(iii),
(iv) and O 11 r 1(r) of the Rules. An Assistant Registrar granted an order in
terms on 17 June 2010 (“the 17 June 2010 Order”).

4 After an initial unsuccessful attempt to serve the writ of summons and
statement of claim on the defendant on 8 December 2010 at its registered
office in New Delhi (Green Park, F-65, New Delhi, Delhi 110016, India) and its
place of business in Noida (B-24, 25 Sector 1, Noida 210301, India), the
plaintiff’s Indian solicitors, Kochhar & Co, served original and translated
copies of the writ of summons, statement of claim and the 17 June 2010 Order
on the defendant by way of email on 29 March 2011, at the defendant’s email
address maintained by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India,
New Delhi (vkgupta27@hotmail.com). Kochhar & Co confirmed that such a mode of
service was in accordance with the laws of India as follows:

... Order V Rule 9 of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908 as applicable in India
permits service of summons on a Defendant/Respondent by means of transmission
of documents by fax message or electronic mail service. Accordingly, service
of summons by email is recognized and accepted form of service in India.

5 The plaintiff filed its memorandum of service on 20 April 2011 instead of
within the time period of 8 days from the date of service of the writ of
summons and statement of claim due to inadvertence. The defendant failed to
enter appearance after 21 days from the date of service and the plaintiff
obtained a certificate of non-appearance dated 11 May 2011 confirming the
same.

6 On 11 May 2011, the plaintiff filed Ex Parte Summons No 2049 of 2011 praying
for an extension of time for filing the memorandum of service as well as for
judgment to be entered against the defendant. In an affidavit filed in support
of the application, counsel for the plaintiff requested that the court
consider the pleadings and the affidavits filed in order to enter judgment on
the merits of the case. Counsel deposed that, as advised by Kochhar & Co, the
enforceability of a foreign judgment may be challenged in India if it had been
given on account of the defendant’s default of appearance without any
consideration of the evidence or the pleadings, _ie_ , Indian law would not
enforce a foreign judgment that had not been given “on the merits of the
case”.

7 Section 44A of the Indian Civil Procedure Code 1908 (see Manohar & Chitaley,
_The A.I.R. Manual_ vol 4 (All India Reporter Pvt Ltd, 6th Ed, 1979) at p 958)
relates to the enforcement of foreign judgments and provides as follows:

(1) Where a certified copy of a decree of any of the superior courts of any
reciprocating territory has been filed in a district court, the decree may be
executed in India as if it had been passed by the district court.

(3) ... the district court shall _refuse execution of any such decree_ , if it
is shown to the satisfaction of the Court that the decree falls within _any of
the exceptions specified in clauses (a) to (f) of section 13_.

[emphasis added]

8 Section 13 (which contains the exceptions to the rule that foreign judgments
are conclusive) states in relevant part that (see Manohar & Chitaley, _The
A.I.R. Manual_ vol 4 (All India Reporter Pvt Ltd, 6th Ed, 1979) at p 700):

A foreign judgment shall be conclusive as to any matter thereby directly
adjudicated upon between the same parties or between parties under whom they
or any of them claim litigating under the same title except - ... (b) _where
it has not been given on the merits of the case_. [emphasis added]

According to the advice of Kochhar & Co, the mere fact that a judgment was
obtained _ex parte_ did not _per se_ justify a finding that a decision was not
“on the merits of the case”. As laid down by the Kerala High Court in _Govidan
Asari Kesavan Asari v Sankaran Asari Balakrishanan Asari_ AIR 1958 Ker 203 and
affirmed by the Supreme Court of India in _International Woollen Mills v
Standard Wool (UK) Ltd_ [2001] 2 LRI 765, even where the defendant chooses to
keep out of a case, it is possible for the plaintiff to adduce evidence in
respect of his claim, so that the foreign court may give a decision on the
merits of the case after due consideration of the evidence instead of
dispensing with such consideration and giving a judgment merely on account of
the defendant’s default of appearance.

Issues

9 The two main issues arising in the plaintiff’s application were as follows:

(a) Whether the court had the jurisdiction to enter judgment after considering
the merits of the case where a plaintiff was entitled to judgment in default
under O 13 r 1 of the Rules but had adduced evidence that such a judgment
would not be enforceable in the jurisdiction where the defendant and its
assets may be found; and

(b) If so, whether the plaintiff was entitled to judgment on the evidence
adduced before the court.

I answered both questions in the affirmative and now set out the detailed
grounds of my decision.

Jurisdiction

10 The plaintiff argued that the court had the inherent jurisdiction to enter
judgment after considering the merits of the case although the plaintiff was
entitled to judgment in default of appearance under O 13 r 1 of the Rules. The
existence of O 13 r 1 did not limit the court’s inherent powers by virtue of O
92 r 4, which provided that:

For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules
shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make
any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of
the process of the Court.

The plaintiff submitted that, in this case, injustice would be caused by the
entry of default judgment because such a judgment would not be enforceable in
India where the defendant and its assets may be found (see [6]–[8] above). The
plaintiff would not be able to enforce its legal rights without being put to
the considerable inconvenience and expenses of commencing proceedings in
India.

11 The plaintiff also relied heavily on _Berliner Bank AG v Karageorgis and
another_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 426 (“ _Berliner Bank_ ”) as an instance where
the English Court, faced with a similar situation, had exercised its inherent
jurisdiction to try a case on its merits although judgment in default of
appearance could have been entered. In that case, the plaintiff bank claimed
against the defendants pursuant to certain guarantees. The defendants were
served with the writ but did not acknowledge service. Mr Justice Colman
recognised that the plaintiff was entitled to default judgment under O 13 r 1
of the Rules of the Supreme Court (SI 1965 No 1932) (UK) (“the English Rules”)
(the equivalent of O 13 r 1 of the Rules), but noted (at 427) that:

... default judgments such as one would obtain under O. 13 are in many cases
effectively unenforceable outside the jurisdiction of the English Courts. This
is because the defendant has taken no part in the proceedings and, no doubt,
because the Court in giving judgment in this automatic way has not reviewed
the merits of the claim, has not investigated the substance of the claim and
has directed no judicial mind to whether in fact the plaintiff is entitled to
recover. In those circumstances one can quite see that there is some
reluctance in overseas jurisdictions to enforce default judgments

12 Colman J took the view that the facility of an automatic judgment was
permissive and that the court had an inherent jurisdiction in relation to both
O 13 (default of appearance) and O 19 (default of defence) of the English
Rules to order a full trial of the claim. He held that that it would be
“inappropriate” for the court to decline to exercise its inherent jurisdiction
to do so where “there is material before it to suggest that a judgment
obtained by the automatic method might well not be enforceable in foreign
jurisdictions where the defendant is known to have assets or where there is a
reasonable belief that he might have assets” (see _Berliner Bank_ at 428).
Colman J then proceeded to consider the affidavits placed before the court and
entered judgment for the plaintiff.

13 The approach in _Berliner Bank_ has been applied in the subsequent cases of
_Habib Bank Ltd v Central Bank of Sudan (formerly known as Bank of Sudan)_
[2007] 1 WLR 470 and _Trafigura Pte Ltd, Trafigura Beheer BV v Emirates
General Petroleum Corporation_ [2010] EWHC 87 (Comm).

14 Before addressing the plaintiff’s submissions, it is important to take a
step back to consider the nature of the court’s inherent powers and its
relationship with the Rules. _Per_ Andrew Phang J in _Wellmix Organics
(International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 at [81], O 92 r 4
“was not intended to allow the courts _carte blanche_ to devise any procedural
remedy they think fit”. As provided under s 80(1) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed), the Rules are made for the purposes of
“regulating and prescribing the procedure ... and the practice to be followed
in the High Court and the Court of Appeal respectively in all causes and
matters whatsoever”. Nevertheless, as eloquently put by Professor Jeffrey
Pinsler, SC (see Jeffrey Pinsler, SC, _Supreme Court Practice 2009_ (Lexis
Nexis, 2009) at p8):

... no body of rules, no matter how comprehensive, can cater to the unlimited
variety of circumstances which may arise in the course of litigation. Although
cases may have common elements, the particularity of the facts which arise may
require special consideration. _The rules may not contemplate the particular
circumstances of the case and there may therefore be no available procedure. A
strict application of procedural law may lead to injustice in a certain
situation, an outcome which the court may regard as not having been foreseen
by the statutory machinery_. It is here that the doctrine of inherent
jurisdiction has an important role to play by virtues of its flexibility and
permeability. [emphasis added]

15 Recognising this, the Court of Appeal in _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v The Law
Society of Singapore_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 at [27], considered the nature of
the court’s inherent jurisdiction and held that its exercise “should not be
circumscribed by rigid criteria or tests” and that the court must in each
instance “exercise it judiciously”, with the “essential touchstone” being that
of “need”. Accordingly (see _Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd and others v
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 353 at [17]):

[the court’s] inherent jurisdiction should only be invoked in exceptional
circumstances where there is a clear need for it and the justice of the case
so demands. The circumstances must be special.

16 I take the view that this case was an instance where there was such an
exceptional need. First, the Rules did not contemplate the particular
circumstances of the case before me, leaving there no available procedure for
the plaintiff to follow if it did not wish to obtain default judgment (which
could not be enforced where the defendant and its assets may be found) but
wished to obtain judgment on the merits instead. Order 13 r 1 of the Rules did
not _compel_ the plaintiff to take out an application for default judgment if
the defendant failed to enter an appearance within the stipulated time,
rather, it provides as follows:

Where a writ is endorsed with a claim against a defendant for a liquidated
demand only, then, if that defendant fails to enter an appearance, the
plaintiff _may_ , after the time limited for appearing, enter final judgment
against that defendant for a sum not exceeding that claimed by the writ in
respect of the demand and for costs, and proceed with the action against the
other defendants, if any. [emphasis added]

The plain and ordinary meaning of the word “may” connotes permissiveness or an
express possibility.

17 The legislative history of the provision does not suggest that the
provision should be construed otherwise. Order 13 r 1(1) of the Rules may be
traced to O 13 r 1(1) of the English Rules, which states:

Where a writ is indorsed with a claim against a defendant for a liquidated
demand only, then, if that defendant fails to give notice of intention to
defend, the plaintiff _may_ , after the prescribed time enter final judgment
against that defendant for a sum not exceeding that claimed by the writ in
respect of the demand and for costs, and proceed with the action against the
other defendants, if any. [emphasis added]

This provision has been held to be permissive in nature (see _Berliner Bank_).

18 Further, O 13 r 1 of the Rules may be considered alongside O 19 r 2 of the
Rules (judgment in default of defence) as both relate to automatic judgments
where a liquidated claim is involved. In _Panwell Investments Pte Ltd v Lau Ee
Theow_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 73 at [24], Warren Khoo J considered O 19 r 2 of the
Rules and held that it was “clear from the authorities” that the rule allowing
a plaintiff to apply for judgment in default of defence was “merely a
_permissive_ rule, and _not one to be applied as a matter of course in all
cases_ ” [emphasis added]. There can be no sensible basis to distinguish
between a judgment in default of appearance and one in default of defence in
this context, given their similar language (“the plaintiff may ... enter final
judgment”) in O 13 r 1(1) and O 19 r 2, their similar source (the English
Rules) as well as their similar function and purpose in the scheme of the
Rules (to enable a plaintiff to obtain judgment expeditiously in the event of
default by the defendant).

19 The exercise of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to offer an alternative
to automatic judgment therefore did not run contrary to the procedural system
carefully laid out in the Rules.

20 Second, there would be serious injustice to the plaintiff if the court
refrained from exercising its inherent jurisdiction in the circumstances
presented. I accepted the evidence before me on the Indian Civil Procedure
Code 1908, which excepts a foreign judgment which had not been given on the
merits of the case from recognition in India (see [7]–[8] above). As reasoned
by Colman J in _Berliner Bank_ at 428 (see [11]–[12] above) it would be
inappropriate for the court to decline to exercise its inherent jurisdiction
to proceed to try a claim rather than enter automatic judgment where there was
“material before it to suggest that a judgment obtained by the automatic
method might well not be enforceable in foreign jurisdictions where the
defendant is known to have assets or where there is a reasonable belief that
he might have assets”. This was particularly so on the facts of this case
where the foreign defendant had agreed to have Singapore law govern the
Agreements and had also agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
courts. It would make a mockery of the contractual rights of the plaintiff if
the defendant could, by failing to enter an appearance in the Singapore courts
despite having been properly served with the writ of summons and statement of
claim, avoid the consequences of failing to perform its obligations by
challenging the default judgment at the enforcement stage. The only recourse
the plaintiff would then have would be to commence proceedings afresh in
India, which would not only put it to considerable expense, but would also
significantly delay its ability to enforce its rights. This would not be in
the interests of justice.

21 Finally, I also considered whether prejudice would be suffered by the
defendant if the court were to exercise its inherent jurisdiction. The result
of the court exercising its inherent jurisdiction in this case would be the
court assessing the plaintiff’s case on its merits as opposed to entering
default judgment. No prejudice would be caused to the defendant in this event
– in the former scenario, the court may decline to enter judgment for the
plaintiff despite the requirements for entering default judgment being met
whereas in the latter, _ceteris paribus_ , there would be automatic entry of
judgment. As the defendant had absented itself from the proceedings by failing
to enter an appearance, it could not possibly object to judgment, whether on
the merits or in default, being entered in its absence. Even assuming that the
court entered judgment on the merits for the plaintiff, the defendant would
still have some recourse if the judgment was improperly obtained. For example,
if the plaintiff failed to make full and frank disclosure to the court during
the _ex parte_ hearing (see _The “Vasiliy Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 at
[83]), the defendant could apply to the Singapore courts to have the judgment
set aside. The court’s consideration of the plaintiff’s case on its merits
rather than automatically entering judgment in default of appearance therefore
did not deprive the defendant of any substantial rights or cause the defendant
prejudice.

22 I therefore resolved the jurisdiction issue in favour of the plaintiff and
proceeded to review the affidavit evidence and the pleadings placed before me.

The merits of the case

23 The plaintiff’s representative deposed on affidavit that the CVD agreement
commenced on 10 February 2006 and the plaintiff rendered monthly invoices to
the defendant for the services it provided. These invoices were exhibited and
appeared to be regular. They were sent to the billing address provided by the
defendant. However, the defendant failed to pay and on 20 November 2006, the
plaintiff terminated the CVD agreement under cl 8.3(b)(ii) of the plaintiff’s
General Terms and Conditions. A total of US$350,672.12 remained unpaid from
the invoices issued by the plaintiff to the defendant under the CVD agreement.
The invoices included charges for early termination of the CVD agreement from
21 November 2006 to 9 February 2008, which I found the plaintiff entitled to
under cl 3.2(b) of the Specific Terms and Conditions for CVD Service and/or cl
8.7 of the plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions as termination occurred
before the expiry date of the initial contract term (in this case 24 months).
Under cl 3.5 read with cl 1.1 of the plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions,
the defendant was also liable to pay interest of two percent per month on the
outstanding amount.

24 Similarly, the plaintiff’s representative deposed that the plaintiff
commenced provision of services under the IPLC agreement on 10 February 2006
and the plaintiff rendered monthly invoices to the defendant. These invoices
were also exhibited and appeared to be regular. They were likewise sent to the
billing address provided by the defendant. However, the defendant failed to
pay and the plaintiff terminated the IPLC agreement on 20 November 2006 under
cl 8.3(b)(ii) of the plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions. A total of
US$141,010.34 remained unpaid from the invoices issued by the plaintiff to the
defendant under the IPLC agreement. These included fees and charges up to the
expiry of the contract period, which I found the plaintiff entitled to
pursuant to cl 3.4(b) of the Specific Terms and Conditions for IPLC Service
and/or cl 8.7 of the plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions. Additionally,
cl 3.5 read with cl 1.1 of the plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions
applied to the IPLC agreement as well, rendering the defendant liable to pay
interest of two percent per month on the outstanding amount.

25 I therefore found the defendant liable to the plaintiff for: (a) under the
CVD agreement, US$350,672.12 plus interest at the rate of 2% per month from 28
April 2007 (the due date of the last invoice issued pursuant to the CVD
agreement) up to the date of full payment; and (b) under the IPLC agreement,
US$141,010.34 plus interest at the rate of 2% per month from 28 December 2006
(the due date of the last invoice issued pursuant to the IPLC agreement) up to
the date of full payment.

26 I also awarded indemnity costs to the plaintiff fixed at $6,351.70 after
reviewing the plaintiff’s note of costs filed on 27 May 2011. The plaintiff
was entitled to costs on an indemnity basis pursuant to cl 10.1(e) of the
plaintiff’s General Terms and Conditions.

Conclusion

27 For the foregoing reasons, I granted the plaintiff’s application and
entered judgment for the plaintiff after reviewing the evidence before me and
hearing the submissions of counsel for the plaintiff. Additionally, I granted
an extension of time for the plaintiff to file its memorandum of service after
accepting that the plaintiff had filed it late due to inadvertence and that
there would be no prejudice to the defendant as a result.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jun 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

