Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Khoo Jeffrey and others _v_ Life Bible-Presbyterian Church and others  
[2011] SGCA 18

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 126 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 April 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Ang Cheng Hock SC, Mr Tham Wei Chern and Mr Ramesh
Kumar (M/s Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the appellants; Mr Quek Mong Hua and Ms
Esther Yee (M/s Lee & Lee) for the respondents  
Parties| :|  Khoo Jeffrey and others — Life Bible-Presbyterian Church and
others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 187.]

26 April 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The dispute in the present case raises several questions of law relating to
the principles that govern the operation of unincorporated associations and
religious charitable trusts. In particular, it raises the thorny question of
what happens when a religious charity is alleged to have deviated from the
fundamental principles upon which it was founded.

2 The Appellants are nine individuals who are the members of the board of
directors of the Far Eastern Bible College that was, on 26 January 2004,
registered as a charity under the Charities Act (Cap. 37, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“Charities Act”) (“the 2004 College”). The core of the present dispute
relates to the question of whether the 2004 College is the same entity as the
bible college that was first established in 1962 (“the College”). The
Respondents are the Life Bible-Presbyterian Church (“the Church”) and its
trustees. Both the Church and the College were until 2004 located at the same
premises at 9, 9A, and 10 Gilstead Road (“the Premises”), on which the Church
has a lease (held through trustees). From 2007, the Church sought to exclude
the 2004 College from functioning at the Premises.The Church is still
operating at the Premises.

3 Two suits were instituted following from this purported exclusion. In Suit
648 of 2008 (“Suit 648”), one of the Respondents, the Church, sought the
following reliefs:

a)

a declaration that the 2004 College was a different entity from the College;

b)

an injunction to prevent the Appellants from using the Premises, and to
deliver vacant possession of the same to the Church and its trustees; and

c)

an account of the moneys held by the College as at the date of the
registration of the 2004 College and to pay over the said amount to the
Church.

4 Subsequently, the Appellants felt it necessary to institute Suit 278 of 2009
(“Suit 278”) where they sought these reliefs:

a)

a declaration that the funds donated for the purchase and/or construction of
the buildings located on the Premises were impressed with a charitable purpose
trust for the construction of buildings for the use of the Church and the 2004
College (which they aver is the same entity as the College), and that
consequently, the registered proprietors of the Premises hold them on a
charitable purpose trust for the joint benefit and use of the Church and the
2004 College;

b)

an order for schemes be settled in respect of the charitable purpose trusts
over the moneys donated for the purchase and/or construction of the buildings
located on the Premises, and that such schemes provide for trust deeds to be
executed by the registered proprietors of the said properties to set up the
trust over the said properties for the joint benefit and use of the Church and
the 2004 College.

5 In essence, by Suit 648 the Church wants the 2004 College to vacate the
Premises while by Suit 278 the 2004 College wants recognition that the
Premises are trust property and that the latter are held for the joint benefit
of the Church and the 2004 College. The trial judge (“the Judge”) ruled in
favour of the Church and its trustees in both suits. The Judge held that the
2004 College was a different entity from the College, and therefore not
entitled to enjoy the property that was for the benefit of the College.

6 Being dissatisfied with the rulings of the Judge, the Appellants have
appealed to this Court.

The Background

Formation of the Church and the College

7 In 1955, the Church was formally constituted as a member of the Bible-
Presbyterian Church of Singapore. In 1986, it obtained independent
registration as a society under the Societies Act (Cap 311, 1985 Rev Ed), and
was registered as a charity in 1987.

8 On 19 September 1960, at a meeting of the Presbytery of the Bible-
Presbyterian Churches of Singapore, a formal decision was taken to establish a
college to train young Christians as evangelists, pastors and teachers. A
three-man committee consisting of Rev Timothy Tow, Rev Quek Kiok Chiang and Dr
Tow Siang Hwa was elected for the purpose of drafting a constitution and
prospectus for the college. In November 1961, a board of directors (“the
Board”) for the College was constituted, with Rev Timothy Tow at its helm. The
Board unanimously adopted the constitution (“the Constitution”) drafted by the
three-man committee. The College was duly established the following year.

The close relationship between the Church and the College

9 Right from its inception, the College shared a special relationship with the
Church. This was primarily due to two reasons. First, the pastor of the
Church, Rev Timothy Tow, was the person who had mooted the idea of setting up
the College. He was part of the 3 man committee who drafted the Constitution
and who later assumed the chairmanship of the Board when the College was first
constituted. He also served as the first principal of the College.

10 Second, the College and the Church had always shared the Premises, over
which the Church has a lease held through trustees.

11 At this juncture, it would be necessary for us to set out briefly how the
Church came to be in possession of the Premises and how the College came to
operate from the same premises. :

a)

Soon after its formation, the Church started a building fund in order to
purchase its own premises. In August 1957, the trustees of the Church
purchased a 99 year lease over 9 and 9A Gilstead Road.

b)

Following the decision made by the Bible-Presbyterian Churches of Singapore in
1960 to establish the College, it was also decided that the College would be
housed at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road. Thereafter, the building fund of the Church
was renamed the Life Church and Bible College Fund. Donations to the Church
and the College were placed into this common fund.

c)

The College was the first to move into 9 and 9A Gilstead Road, on 17 September
1962, occupying the annex to the church building (“college annex”). The Church
moved into the church building the following year, after a dedication service
on 16 February 1963.

d)

Originally, it was agreed that in exchange for a contribution of $75,000, the
College would own half of the college annex. The College had initially paid
$20,000 towards this sum, using a loan from two churches. However, when the
two churches asked for the return of the sum paid, a new agreement was reached
under which the Church would return the money on behalf of the College and the
premises at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road would be legally held by the Church which
would also pay for all physical expenses, while the College would be
responsible for the maintenance of the same.

e)

In 1965, a second fund named the “Church and College Extension Fund” was
started for the purpose of building an extension on 9 and 9A Gilstead Road, as
the premises were then inadequate for the needs of both the Church and the
College. Like the Life Church and Bible College Fund, the moneys collected
came mostly from tithes and offerings of the Church members, with a smaller
amount originating from other Christians who were mostly from the Bible-
Presbyterian community.

f)

In 1970, a committee comprising of representatives from the Church and the
College was set up to draft an agreement regarding the College’s occupation
and use of 9 and 9A Gilstead Road. Two representatives each from the Church
and the College executed an agreement entitled “Agreement between the [Church]
and the [College] on the sharing of the use of the Church and College Property
at 9 and 9A Gilstead Road”.

g)

In 1989, a third fund – the Extension Building Fund – was initiated for the
purpose of acquiring 10 Gilstead Road. Moneys for this Fund were raised in
much the same way as they had been for the Church and College Fund ie, from
the Church’s own members, as well as members of other Bible-Presbyterian
churches. The acquisition of 10 Gilstead Road was completed on 30 April 1990
and held, as in the case of 9 and 9A Gilstead Road, by the trustees of the
Church.

h)

In 2000, a fourth fund- the Beulah House Fund- was set-up for the purpose of
developing 10 Gilstead Road into a bible college with hostel facilities (“the
Beulah Tower”).

The dispute between the Church and the College

12 In 2002, tensions developed between the College and the Church when the
College’s board endorsed a doctrine known as “Verbal Plenary Preservation”
(“VPP”) over the “Verbal Plenary Inspiration” (“VPI”), a doctrine accepted by
the Church. Within the Church, there was mounting tension between those who
believed in VPP and those who believed in VPI.

13 On 20 August 2003, during a session meeting of the Church, certain members
of the Church expressed strong views against Rev Timothy Tow’s endorsement of
the VPP doctrine and he therefore resigned as the pastor of the Church. He and
a number of the other members of the Church congregation split from it and
founded the True Life Bible-Presbyterian Church (“True Life Church”). On 19
November 2003, the Board of the College informed the Church of its intention
to register the College itself as a charity.

14 On 26 January 2004, the members constituting the board of the College
obtained registration of a charity called “Far Eastern Bible College” pursuant
to the _Charities Act_ under a new constitution (“the 2004 Constitution”) as
they could not then locate the Constitution. We should at this juncture
observe that subsequent to the registration of the Far Eastern Bible College,
the Constitution was found.

15 Matters came to a head on 17 July 2004 when the Church wrote to the 2004
College stating that it would no longer allow the 2004 College to use its
properties as the 2004 College had been registered as a separate and
independent entity and, therefore, ceased to be a ministry of the Church.
Further letters were sent out by the Church on 28 January and 1 March 2008
stating that the 2004 College could only continue to occupy the Premises if it
gave an undertaking not to teach the VPP doctrine. When efforts at
reconciliation between the 2004 College and the Church failed, Suit 648 was
instituted, followed shortly by Suit 278.

The Judge’s decision

16 Contrary to the assertion of the Church, the Judge held that the College
was not a ministry of the Church and had never been operated as such. In her
opinion, the College was an unincorporated association that was independent of
the Church. Furthermore, the Premises had been acquired and renovated with
donations that were solicited in the names of and specified to be for the
joint benefit of both the College and the Church. Therefore, they were
impressed with a charitable purpose trust in favour of both the College and
the Church.

17 However, the Judge held that the 2004 College was a different entity from
the College. She observed that the 2004 Constitution was materially different
from the Constitution, and that the effect of the Appellants adopting the 2004
Constitution was to create a new unincorporated association. In her opinion,
the 2004 College was not a beneficiary of the charitable purpose trust
impressed on the Premises and had no right to occupy the same. In any event,
the Judge held that the Appellants had not proven that they were the directors
of the Board of the College and thus had no locus standi to bring an
application for a declaration of trust on behalf of the College.

Our analysis of the Judge’s decision

18 We will now turn to examine the issues on which the Judge had made her
rulings. To recap, they are the following:

a)

Is the College a ministry of the Church?

b)

Is the College an unincorporated association or a charitable trust?

c)

Are the Premises impressed with a charitable trust in favour of the joint use
of the College and the Church?

d)

Are the Appellants the current directors of the Board of the College?

e)

What is the legal effect arising from the Appellants’ act of registering a
college in the College’s name but with a different constitution?

A. Is the College a ministry of the Church?

19 It is eminently clear that the Judge was correct to have held that the
College is not a ministry of the Church. We will now examine the main reasons
why she so held.

20 First, although the Church, through Rev Timothy Tow, was the proponent of
setting up the College, the final decision rested with the Presbytery of the
Bible-Presbyterian Churches of Singapore, of which the Church was a member.
This explains why the intended purpose of the College, as stated in Art II of
the Constitution, was a general one, namely, to “train consecrated men and
women and thoroughly furnish them to meet the need of the Church of Jesus
Christ, particularly in Singapore, Malaysia and other Far Eastern countries,
for church pastors, missionaries and other Christian workers.” This
undoubtedly suggests that the College was intended to be a joint enterprise
between the churches that belonged to the Presbytery of the Bible-Presbyterian
Churches of Singapore, rather than a ministry of any particular church.

21 Second, the founders of the College took special care to ensure that the
College was to be an independent association. This is clearly reflected in
Article V(1) of the Constitution which provided for the College to be “an
independent body not subject to ecclesiastical control”, and which further
specified that the relationship between the College and the various bodies
sponsoring it was only “one of wholehearted co-operation and desire to see
consecrated men and women well trained”. While it is true that Article V(2) of
the Constitution also stated that the College is “closely connected” to the
Church, this is hardly sufficient to establish that the College was meant to
be a ministry of the Church.

22 Third, the Constitution contained specific rules on how the members of the
Board of the College was to be elected, and in turn on how the executive
committee that run the College was to be elected from the Board. There is no
provision that allows the Church to have any say at all in the running of the
College. Factually, the management of the College might have been in the hands
of Rev Timothy Tow, who was both the president of the Board and principal of
the College, as well as the founding and controlling pastor of the Church.
However, this does not mean that the College and the Church were in law a
single organisation.

23 Fourth, the College was not funded exclusively by the Church. Consistent
with its character as a joint enterprise of the churches belonging to the
Presbytery of the Bible-Presbyterian Churches of Singapore, it was also funded
by donations from other churches and well wishers. Furthermore, the financial
accounts of the Church and the College were carefully kept separate and
distinct. All financial transactions which took place between the Church and
the College were described as “gifts” or “loans” rather than internal
transfers which would have been the case if the Church and the College were
part of the same entity.

24 Fifth, the sharing of the Premises by the Church and the College was done
in a formal manner by way of an agreement signed by representatives of both
parties (see [11] above). This again unequivocably suggests that the
representatives of both the Church and the College regarded themselves as
representing different organisations.

25 In the light of the foregoing considerations, we do not think that there is
any basis to seriously argue that the College is a ministry of the Church.

B. Is the College an unincorporated association or a charitable trust

26 Counsel for the Appellants, Mr Ang Cheng Hock, argued that the Judge was
wrong in finding that the College was an unincorporated association. Instead,
Mr Ang contended that the College was a charitable trust with its board of
directors acting as the charity trustees. Mr Ang gave three reasons as to why
the College could not be an unincorporated association. First, he pointed out
that all members of an unincorporated association would have the right to
attend its general meeting. He then referred to the Judge’s conclusion that
the College’s members consisted of its directors, its executive committee and
the faculty members, and observed that the Constitution did not give the
faculty members the right to attend any general meetings or to elect members
to the College’s Board. Based on this, he argued that the College could not be
an association because the faculty members did not have the right that would
ordinarily accrue to members of an association. Second, Mr Ang pointed out
that Article IV, section 1(6) of the Constitution required one third of the
College’s board of directors to retire annually in rotation, and this was
inconsistent with the principle that an unincorporated association is an
organisation where members can join or leave at will. Finally, Mr Ang argued
that none of the College’s faculty members were ever asked to affirm their
consent to the Constitution, and this was inconsistent with the principle that
an unincorporated association is based on a contract with all its members.

27 In our view, in the context of the critical issues in this case, this is
hardly a matter of any consequence. Let us explain. A charity may exist in one
of several legal structures, with the three most basic forms being the trust,
the unincorporated association and an incorporated entity (see Peter Luxton,
_The Law of Charities_ (Oxford University Press, 2001) at 255). A charitable
trust, or for that matter any trust, can only be validly constituted if the
three certainties (certainty of intention, object matter and subject matter)
are fulfilled. Even if we assume that the Constitution fulfils the
requirements of certainty of intention and object matter, there is nothing in
it that states what property is meant to be held by this purported trust.
Indeed, at the point in time at which the College was established pursuant to
the written Constitution, there was no property that was owned by the College
(or its trustees) at all. Of all the criticisms raised by Mr Ang against the
Judge’s finding that the College is an unincorporated association, he is
correct in one respect, _i.e_., the Judge was wrong in regarding the faculty
members as members of the unincorporated association. The faculty members were
simply staff hired by the College to carry out its objects, just as any
unincorporated association can hire non-members, or even members, as its
employees. This is borne out by Article IV section 4(b) of the Constitution
which provided that the Board would have the power “to appoint the Principal
and other members of the teaching staff ... and to determine their terms of
employment”. Being employees, the faculty members would not, _per se_ , be
entitled to attend general meetings, or elect the management of the College,
unless they should also happen to be a member of the Board. However, with
regard to Mr Ang’s contention that an unincorporated association must
necessarily be an organisation that a member could join or leave at will,
while that may ordinarily be the case it does not follow that an
unincorporated association ceases to be so when its rules provide otherwise.
There is no principle of law which preclude an association’s constitution from
stipulating that some of its current members should leave the association
annually for renewal purposes. Moreover, Mr Ang’s third argument falls apart
once we accept that the College’s members consisted of its Board of directors,
because the Board members were required to affirm their consent to the
Constitution under Article IV, section 1(2).

28 In our judgment, the College is really an unincorporated association, the
members of which are delegates from other separate organisations (primarily
the representatives of the Bible-Presyterian Churches in Singapore), which
have decided to cooperate to establish the College in order to achieve a
common purpose.

29 Finally, we wish to say that even if Mr Ang is right that the College is a
charitable trust with its board of directors as the charity trustees, it will
not make any real difference to the outcome in relation to the other issues
which will be decisive _vis-a-vis_ the action. Whether a charitable trust has
arisen depends not on how it came into being but its objects. As mentioned in
[27] above, a charity can take the form of an unincorporated association.

C. Are the Premises impressed with a charitable trust for the joint use of the
Church and the College

30 The facts outlined above clearly show that the Premises were
acquired/renovated through fund raising events which were undertaken in the
names of both the Church and the College (see above at [11]). As the Judge
correctly pointed out, where the purpose of a fund raising effort is
charitable, the funds raised will be impressed with a charitable purpose trust
for that purpose: see _Attorney General of Queensland v Cathedral Church of
Brisbane_ (1977) 136 CLR 353, _Neville Estates v Madden and Ors_ [1962] Ch
832.

D. Are the Appellants the current members of the Board

Significance of the issue

31 We turn now to the question as to whether the Appellants are the current
members of the Board, an issue which was only cursorily raised and argued by
the respective parties during the trial. The Judge merely held at [81] of the
GD that “[t]hey [the Appellants] have not shown that they are the directors of
the College.” Essentially, the Judge decided this issue by treating it as a
matter of burden of proof which the Appellants had failed to discharge.

32 In this regard, we would point out that even if the Judge was correct to
have found that the Appellants were not the members of the Board, and
therefore not entitled to use the Premises in the name of the College, she
should not have granted the Respondents’ third prayer in their Statement of
Claim, which required the Appellants to give the Respondents an account of the
money held in the accounts of the College as at the date of the registration
of the 2004 College. The Respondents’ entire case was premised on the basis
that the College was a ministry of the Church and was thus entitled to the
accounts of the College. However, as shown above (at [19] to [25]), this
argument was soundly rejected by the Judge, who found that the Church and the
College were two different entities. Given that none of the Respondents had
claimed to be a member of the Board, there is no reason why they should be
entitled to an account of the property that is held on behalf of the College.

33 A distinction must be drawn between a charitable purpose and the
institutional form (be it an unincorporated association, individuals, or a
company) through which the charitable purpose is effected or administered. The
dissolution of the institutional form does not terminate the charitable
purpose as long as that purpose is still capable of being carried out: _Re
Vernon’s Will Trusts_ [1972] 1 Ch 300. If the Judge was of the opinion that
the members of the Board (who are the members of the College as an
unincorporated association) cannot be ascertained, she should have ordered
that the College be dissolved under the equitable jurisdiction of the High
Court: _Re Lead Workmen’s Fund Society_ [1904] 2 Ch 196. The property that is
held for the purpose of the College (ie, that part of the Premises that is
impressed with a charitable trust in favour of the College, and the money in
the College’s accounts) should then either be applied cy-pres, handed to the
Public Trustee, or turned over to the Commissioner of Charities (sections 21,
23 and 26B of the _Charities Act_ respectively).

Was the College’s board dissolved in 1989

34 Counsel for the Respondents, Mr Quek Mong Hua (“Mr Quek”), had argued
during the trial that the Appellants could not be the directors of the Board
because it had been dissolved in 1989, following the resignation of Mr Tow
Siang Hwa as President. Mr Quek based this argument on a statement contained
in the minutes of the Church’s Session meeting on 20 December 1989 stating
that:

Rev Tow mentioned that the College’s Board of Directors had been dissolved
after Dr Tow S.H. resigned as President. Rev Tow said that he had been trying
to revive the Board of Directors and in the future years he envisaged that the
dual role of the Pastor of our Church as principal of FEBC would be
maintained.

35 There are two observations we would like to make on these minutes. First,
it is far from clear what this statement actually meant. Second, these minutes
should be viewed in the light of the testimonies of the individuals who were
the members of the College’s Board in 1989. Mr Tow Siang Hwa, who was the
President of the Board until his resignation in 1989, testified on behalf of
the Appellants that the Board was not dissolved following his
resignation[note: 1]:

Court |  Do you remember any incident in 1988 to 1999 when the board of the College was dissolved?  
---|---  
Witness |  The board of the College was never dissolved. Your honour  
Court |  Yes  
Witness |  I am speaking from knowledge and experience. I resigned, the College carried on with a new president.  
Court |  When you resigned, who took over as president?  
Witness |  My younger brother.  
... |   
Court |  So you resigned and the College---the board carried on---  
Witness |  Yes  
... |   
Court |  Right. So when you resigned, nobody---  
Witness |  No  
Court |  \--also resigned along with you?  
Witness |  No, no. No one else was involved in the, er, discussions that we went before the resignation.  
  
  

36 On the other hand, the Respondents’ own witness, Mr Khoo Peng Kiat, was
ambivalent as to whether the College’s Board had in fact been dissolved in
1989. During cross examination, Mr Khoo Peng Kiat stated that he had been a
director of the College for 24 years from 1979 to 2003 and that the College’s
Board had never been dissolved.[note: 2]

Q |  Right. And you were a director of FEBC [the college] for 24 years, right?  
---|---  
A |  That’s correct, your honour.  
...  
Q |  And you were continuously a member of the board of directors until you resigned in 2003, correct?  
A |  Correct, that’s correct.  
...  
Q |  Yes. And do you recall that when Tow Siang Haw stepped down from the board, it was sometime in nineteen---1989 or so?  
A |  1989, that’s correct.  
Q |  And then when he stepped down, there were a few other board members that also stepped down and new board members were elected and brought in to replace them, correct?  
A |  Correct, your honour.  
...  
Court |  And you remember it was 1989 when there was quite a big change.  
Witness |  Er, I think 1988, this I—I remember clearly, there was the dissolution of the senate. Then, one year later, I think, Dr Tow stepped down as president of FEBC—  
Court |  Yes.  
Witness |  \--after which, the baton was passed on to Dr Tow Siang Yeow, his younger brother.  
Court |  But the board,--any—the board continued?  
Witness |  The board continues.  
  
  

37 However, during re-examination by Mr Quek, Mr Khoo Peng Kiat gave a
different version of events. Essentially, he testified that the Board was
“dissolved” following the resignation of Mr Tow Siang Hwa but it was later
reconstituted.[note: 3]

Q |  Were you aware that your membership in the board of directors was dissolved?  
---|---  
A |  Yes you honour.  
Q |  When were you aware?  
A |  I can’t recall that...  
Q |  So when were you re-appointed?  
A |  Er, its not easy for me to answer that. I—can’t—now I can’t recall this—  
... |   
Court |  How was it[the board] dissolved? Did everyone resign?  
Witness |  It was not, you know---because it couldn’t carry on without the president. So I think the best is to, er, re---  
... |   
Court |  So the new board, what was the difference between the new board and the dissolved board? Were they the same people or mostly the same people?  
Witness |  Er, not all the people are the same if I can recall.  
Court |  Mostly same.  
Witness |  Mm, I think mostly the same, to the best of my knowledge, sorry.  
  
  

38 It seems to us that the apparent difference over the question whether the
Board was dissolved in 1989 stems from the different senses in which Mr Quek
and Mr Khoo Peng Kiat had used the word “dissolve”. Mr Quek, perhaps because
of his legal training, used the word “dissolve” in a formal sense to mean that
the Board was legally dissolved in accordance with the College’s Constitution
such that thereafter the Board no longer existed. On the other hand, Mr Khoo
Peng Kiat seemed to have been using the word “dissolve” in a loose manner to
describe a situation where, following the resignation of Mr Tow Siang Hwa,
many of the board members resigned and new members had to be appointed/elected
to replace them. This explains why Mr Khoo could confidently state that the
Board continued after the resignation of Mr Tow Siang Hwa. In all probability,
this was also what Rev Timothy Tow meant when he mentioned at the Respondent’s
Session meeting on 20 December 1989 that the College’s Board had been
dissolved after the resignation of Tow Siang Hwa and some other members.

39 We are fortified in our perception of the situation by the further fact
that the Constitution does not have any provision for the dissolution of the
Board. Under the Constitution, the Board was intended to be a self-
perpetuating body whereby the current members would elect new individuals to
fill any vacancies on the Board. This is apparent from Article IV, section
1(6) of the Constitution which provides that:

About one-third of the members of the Board of Directors shall retire annually
in rotation. In the first instance, however, terms of office of one, two and
three years shall be allotted by the Board in its discretion. Retiring members
shall be eligible for re-election. Election by the Board of new members shall
take place at the Annual General Meeting, except for vacancies occurring in
the Board before the expiring of a term of office when such vacancies may be
filed as soon as possible by the Board until the end of the term. Any member
absent from three consecutive regular meetings without the presentation of
reasons acceptable to the Board shall be deemed to have resigned

40 Given that since 1989 new members have been elected to replace retiring
members or members who had resigned, and given further that there is no
provision in the Constitution which permit the dissolution of the Board, one
should be slow, barring an express resolution adopted by the Board to bring
its existence permanently to an end, to conclude that the Board had been so
dissolved. Indeed the incontrovertible fact is that the Church had always
regarded the Board as being in existence until 2002/2003 when the differences
relating to doctrine surfaced. Accordingly, we find that the Board was not
dissolved, and continued to exist with the election of new members, following
the resignation of Mr Tow Siang Hwa as president in 1989.

The practice of the Board from its inception to date

41 At the trial, Mr Quek pointed to the fact that the Appellants were unable
to produce any board minutes to show that the Appellants had been validly
appointed/elected as the current directors of the Board. According to him,
this would mean that the Appellants could not be the current members of the
Board. At best, they were only the directors of the 2004 College.

42 Admittedly, if there were minutes which recorded the elections or
appointments to the Board, those minutes would have been the best evidence.
However, many unincorporated associations, and the Board would appear to be
one such association, operate in an informal manner and do not keep proper
records of what actually transpire during their meetings. As will be seen
later, the Board has been operating in such an informal manner for a long time
and no one had taken issue with that until the emergence of the current
dispute due to doctrinal differences. In this regard, two further
circumstances must be borne in mind. First, as mentioned above at [39], the
Board’s members are not chosen by a fixed institution or from a pre-determined
pool of people. Rather, it is a self perpetuating body where the current
members have the right to elect new members, either to replace members who
have retired/resigned or as additional members. Hence, in order to determine
whether the Appellants are the current members of the Board, we have to trace
the history of the Board’s proceedings to see if they were properly elected by
the Board’s members at the relevant time.

43 Second, based on the testimonies of the witnesses at the trial, it is clear
that the rotation policy mandated in Article IV, section 1(6) of the
Constitution was never scrupulously observed by the Board. Even the
Respondent’s own witness, Mr Khoo Peng Kiat, testified that he had been a
member of the Board for 24 years from 1979 to 2003 without having to go
through the process of retirement and re-election. Accordingly to him, Rev
Timothy Tow would simply ask the members whose term had expired if they would
like to continue serving as a board member. If the answer was yes, those
members would automatically be “re-elected” (or appointed). The same informal
procedure was used when a vacancy on the Board had to be filled. Rev Timothy
Tow would simply find a replacement who would be appointed as a board member
as long as the other board members did not object.[note: 4]

Q |  Right. And you were a director of FEBC [the college] for 24 years, right?  
---|---  
A |  That’s correct, your honour.  
...  
Q |  And you were continuously a member of the board of directors until you resigned in 2003, correct?  
A |  Correct, that’s correct.  
Q |  Right. And there was no break or interruption in your appoint---in your position as a director of the board of FEBC, right?  
A |  I think there was a sort of, er, renewal process and each time when your term is up, er, Rev Dr Timothy Tow would say. “Would you like to continue?”  
...  
Court |  When—as a member of the board, when somebody wanted to resign and you had to fill the vacancy in the board, what was the procedure?  
A |  Er, Rev Timothy Tow, I think, would, er, say, you know, if someone has resigned then he would be looking for another person or persons to fill in the gap.  
Court |  Would the other directors have a vote as to who should take the position?  
A |  He would consult us.  
Court |  So who made the decision?  
A |  I think, er, usually there is this, er, sort of consensus, yah.  
Court |  Theres no formal meeting and---  
A |  No  
Court |  \--discussion and vote?  
A |  No you honour.  
Court |  So he would talk to a few of you—to—to the board members and if—if—if everybody was agreed—  
A |  Agreed  
Court |  \--the new person would be invited, is that what happens?  
  
  

44 Mr Khoo Peng Kiat’s version of how board members were elected was
corroborated by another witness who testified for the Respondents, Mr Joshua
Lim Heong Wee, who had served as a board member from the 1960s till 1987. Mr
Joshua Lim Heong Wee testified that he was selected by Rev Timothy Tow to be a
member of the Board.[note: 5]

Q

Can you remember who appointed you as a director?

A

Who appointed me? In the early days, the late Rev Tow was the man who direct
the College. He just pick whoever he thinks right to be there. And being a
session member of Life Church, and I was involved right from day 1, so he pick
me and a few others from Life Church, like his brother who was then Elder Tow.

45 The minutes of the meetings of the Board from 1989 to 2001 indicate that no
Board member was ever asked to retire from the Board pursuant to Article IV,
section 1(6) of the Constitution. Neither was there any formal process of
appointment when new members joined the Board. The following was what
happened:

a)

Following the resignation of nine board members in 1989, seven new members
(including the new President Tow Siang Yeow) joined the Board in 1990.
However, there is no evidence that any official letter of appointment was
given to the new members. Instead, the minutes of the 1990 Board meeting
merely indicated that the new members were welcomed by the new president.

b)

In 1993, four new members (Bob Phee, Sng Teck Leong, Siow Chai Sheng and Han
Soon Juan) were added to the Board. No letters of appointment were given and
the minutes of the 1993 Board meeting merely state that “the following new
members were proposed and approved by the Board.”

c)

In 2001, Jeffrey Khoo was added to the Board. The 2000 minutes suggest that
there was no election and what happened was that “all present approved the
addition of Jeffrey Khoo as a member of the Board of Directors of FEBC”.

46 The evidence shows that the members of the Board did not abide by Article
IV, section 1(6) of the Constitution in relation to either the election of new
members or the mandatory retirement policy. Practically, the members of the
Board just carried on indefinitely, as long as they wished to do so. New
members were admitted to the Board not by formal election, but by consensus.

47 As a rule, acts taken by an entity’s board of directors in breach of that
entity’s constitution would, if challenged, be null and void. However, the
position here is that the members of the College’s Board are the **_only_**
members of the College as an unincorporated association and they have
collectively acted in breach of the association’s constitutional rules in
relation to the election and retirement of members. Given that, in law, the
Constitution is a contract to which all the current members are parties, the
failure of the members, whose terms had expired, to retire constituted a
breach of the Constitution. The remaining members of the Board whose terms had
not expired should then have taken action to ensure the enforcement of the
Constitution. In our opinion, their failure to do so would amount to a waiver
of the breach, as well as acquiescence by them to the members whose terms had
expired to remaining on the Board: **_Abbatt v Treasury Solicitor_** [1969] 1
W.L.R. 1575. Alternatively, the current members could also be regarded as
having re-elected those members (whose terms had expired) to the Board.

Is there sufficient evidence to show that the Appellants are the current
members of the Board

48 It seems to us that in determining the question of whether the Appellants
have adduced sufficient evidence to show that they are the current members of
the Board, it is important to bear in mind the circumstances alluded to above
at [45]. In addition, we would underscore the following points. First, none of
the Respondents’ witnesses who claimed to be past members of the Board (Mr
Khoo Peng Kiat, Mr Quek Kiok Chiang, Mr Joshua Lim, _etc_) have managed to
produce any documentation as proof of their membership. What is sauce for the
goose must certainly be sauce for the gander. It is hardly fair for Mr Quek to
challenge the Appellants’ claim to membership of the Board merely because they
could not produce any letters of appointment, while conveniently ignoring the
same problem that affects his own witnesses.

49 Second, it appeared from Mr Quek’s submissions made during the trial that
he did not challenge the composition of the Board as reflected by the minutes
of the Board meetings before 1989. Taking the position of the Board as in
1989, there were four members of the 1989 Board who survived the leadership
change in that year and continued to serve on the Board in and after 1990.
These four members were Rev Timothy Tan, Patrick Tan, Cheng Wei Nien and Khoo
Peng Kiat. In accordance with Article IV, section 1(6) of the Constitution,
these four members would have the right to elect new members to the Board.

50 Third, the 1990 minutes show that four out of the nine Appellants (Tow
Siang Yeow, Wee Hian Kok, Stephen Khoo and Koa Keng Woo) were “welcomed’ to
the Board in 1990. The addition of the four Appellants to the Board met with
no objection from the existing members, and it would be reasonable to infer
that they had agreed to it. We note that the Respondent’s witness, Khoo Peng
Kiat, who was a member of the Board in 1990 and also present at the 1990
meeting, did not voice any objection to the addition of these four Appellants
to the Board. Similarly, the 2001 minutes show that Jeffrey Khoo joined the
Board in 2001 without any objection from the then Board members.

51 Fourth, it is true that no minutes were produced indicating that Quek Suan
Yew, Prabhudas Koshy and Boaz Boon were elected to the Board. Indeed, no
minutes of meetings after 2000 were tendered to court. While this is
unfortunate, the critical fact remains that the six existing Board members
(Rev Timothy Tow, Tow Siang Yeow, Wee Hian Kok, Stephen Khoo, Koa Keng Woo and
Jeffrey Khoo) in the 2000 Board had recognized Quek Suan Yew, Prabhudas Koshy
and Boaz Boon as current members of the Board. In the circumstances, the most
likely and reasonable inference that should be drawn from the circumstances is
that they must have been elected onto the Board sometime between 2001 and
2010.

52 Fifth, despite the widespread publicity which this case has engendered, no
one has tried to intervene in this litigation on the basis that they are the
true current members of the Board of the College. Neither have any of the
Respondents claimed that they, instead of the Appellants, are the true current
members of the Board. On the other hand, it is not disputed that the
Appellants have been in control of the College and running it since 1990. The
correspondence between the Respondents and the Appellants show that they dealt
with the Appellants in their capacities as members of the Board, and it was
only until the commencement of the present litigation did they start to deny
the Appellants’ capacities.

53 In light of these considerations, we are unable, with respect, to agree
with the Judge, that the Appellants have not established, on a balance of
probabilities, that they are the members of the Board. On the contrary, we
find that the Appellants have discharged that burden.

E. The legal effect of the Appellants’ act of registering a college in the
College’s name but under the 2004 Constitution

54 We now turn to the fifth issue (see [18] above) where the Judge held that
the Appellants’ act of registering a charity with the 2004 Constitution and
under the name of “Far Eastern Bible College” pursuant to the _Charities Act_
on 26 January 2004 had the effect of creating a new entity that was separate
and distinct from the College. Her decision was greatly influenced by the fact
that Article VII of the Constitution provided that any amendments to the
Constitution could only be made with the support of at least two-thirds of the
Board at the annual general meeting. As the Appellants could not show that the
2004 Constitution had been adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down
in Article VII of the Constitution, the Judge held that this could only mean
that the Appellants had failed to amend the Constitution, and had, instead,
created a new entity governed by the 2004 Constitution.

55 When the members of an unincorporated association seek to amend its
constitution in a way that does not comply with the prescribed procedure, the
purported amendment would be invalid, and any acts that are done pursuant to
that invalid amendment are in consequence also void. In _Re Tobacco Trade
Benevolent Association Charitable Trusts_ [1958] 1 W.L.R. 1113, an
unincorporated association tried to change its constitution by a majority vote
although there was no provision for alteration of the constitution. The
English Court held that in that situation the members of the association could
only have changed the constitution with the concurrence of every member.
Accordingly, the purported amendment of the constitution was held to be a
nullity. Similarly, in _Baldry v Feintuck and Others_ [1972] 1 W.L.R. 552, the
members of an educational charitable association tried to adopt a new
constitution in order to apply the association’s funds for non charitable
purposes. The English court held that the members of a charitable association
did not have the power to change its constitution in a way that allowed its
funds to be used for non-charitable purposes. Therefore, the members’
purported adoption of the new constitution was a nullity.

56 The principle that any purported amendment of an association’s constitution
by its members that does not follow the prescribed procedure is void is well
settled. As mentioned before, Article VII provided that the Constitution could
be amended by two-thirds majority of the Board. The evidence before the court
shows that the only reason why the Board then decided to adopt a new
constitution was because it wanted to register itself as a charity under the
Charities Act and could not find a copy of the Constitution. Thus, they
adopted a new constitution to effect the registration. If the Board then had a
copy of the Constitution, there would have been no necessity to adopt a new
constitution. They could have amended the Constitution by two-third majority
as the Board members are all now before the court as Appellants, arguing that
the 2004 College is the same as the College. It is clear that the Board in
adopting the 2004 Constitution for the purpose of effecting registration had
no intention to create a new college, distinct from the College.

57 We are fortified in that view by the fact that in seeking registration of
the College with the Commissioner of Charities (“the Commissioner”), the
Appellants had informed the Commissioner that the college they were
registering was formed in 1962. Neither is there any doubt that the Appellants
had submitted copies of the College’s audited accounts for the years 2000,
2001 and 2002 to the Commissioner as part of the application form to register
the College. Clearly, both the subjective and objective intentions of the
Appellants were to register the College as a charity, and not to create a new
entity. Granted that the Appellants did not adopt the new 2004 Constitution in
compliance with the rules in the Constitution, this should only mean that
their act of registering the College with the 2004 Constitution was wrongful,
and perhaps the registration is a nullity, but we cannot see how the
Appellants could be considered to have created a new entity, which was the
last thing in their mind. For these reasons, we are unable to agree with the
Judge’s conclusion that the Appellants’ act of registering a college in the
same name as the College, but with the 2004 Constitution, had the effect of
creating a new entity.

F. The doctrinal matter

58 The Judge’s decision in favour of the Respondents was based entirely on her
finding that the 2004 College was a different entity from the College. Given
that we do not share her views on that issue, her judgment in favour of the
Respondents therefore cannot stand. However, there is a need for us to
consider the very issue which caused the Church and the College to be
estranged. As stated in [12] above, the College has now adopted the VPP
doctrine whereas the Church maintained its stand of adhering to the VPI
doctrine. It is not in dispute that prior to the College adopting the VPP
doctrine, it was a religious charitable entity with the object of training
people to be “church pastors, missionaries and other Christian workers”. We do
not see how the fact that the College has now embraced the VPP doctrine makes
it any less of a religious charitable entity. The College continues to pursue
its object of training “consecrated men and women” for the aforesaid purposes.
What the Respondents seem to be arguing is that as the donations were received
for the purpose of acquiring the Premises for the use of the College which
then subscribed to the VPI, this change by the College to adopting the VPP
doctrine is so fundamental that the College ceases to be entitled to use the
Premises. In short, the Respondents’ contention is that the Premises are
impressed with such a purpose trust and the trustee holding the Premises must
ensure that only persons/entities pursuing objects of the trust will be
allowed to enjoy the benefits under it, and what the College is now pursuing
falls outside the objects of the trust.

59 At the hearing before us, both counsel focused very much on the contrast
between the VPI doctrine (that was accepted by both the Church and the
College) and the VPP doctrine (that is now accepted only by the College). Mr
Quek argued that the VPP doctrine was a deviation from the fundamental
doctrine of the College because it was an entirely different creature from the
VPI doctrine. On the other hand, Mr Ang stressed that the VPP doctrine was
really an extension of the VPI doctrine, and that the College continued to
fulfill its object of training Christians for Christian work notwithstanding
its adoption of the VPP doctrine.

60 Thus the question here is whether the College’s adoption of the VPP
doctrine constitute such a fundamental shift that it should be regarded as
pursuing something so different from the original objects of the College.
Article III of the Constitution, which sets out the basic doctrines that would
inform and guide the work of the College, reads:

The system of doctrine contained in the Scriptures and expounded in the
historic Westminster Confession of Faith and Catechisms shall form the basis
of instruction in the College. The great fundamentals, including the pre-
millenial return of Christ, shall be faithfully taught. True piety is to be
nurtured, and an attitude of devotion and constant prayerfulness inculcated.
Christian doctrine is never to be divorced from Christian life, and Biblical
separation from all that is unclean is both to be taught and exemplified. The
College is to test all things by the Word of God, as carefully and prayerfully
studied. It is to stress those matters that the Bible clearly and repeatedly
presents, and to avoid giving undue importance to matters of doubtful
interpretations. Fellowship with all who are loyal to the Scripture is to be
maintained, but compromise with any who reject its clear teachings is to be
avoided.

61 There is nothing in this Article which could even remotely be of assistance
to resolving the very problem now before us. However, there are precedents
from other jurisdictions which provide some guidance on the approach which
this court should adopt in such cases.

Survey of cases

62 We now turn to consider some of these cases. In _Craigdallie v. Aikman_
(1813) 1 Dow 1, H.L. (Sc.) and _Craigdallie v. Aikman (No. 2)_ (1820) 2 Bli.
529, H.L. (Sc.) (“ _Craigdallie”_) a group of seceders from the church of
Scotland had contributed money and resources towards the acquisition of a
meeting house for worship for their congregation. The members of this
congregation established a synod as the constituted authority. The
congregation also established a confession of faith for its members, as well
as a formula by which candidates for admission into the congregation were
interrogated. In 1797, a committee of the congregation adopted a preamble as
an explanation to the formula, and this was approved by the synod in 1799. A
minister in the congregation protested against the adoption of the preamble
and expressed his unwillingness to accept the authority of the synod until the
preamble was removed. In response, the synod expelled the minister from the
congregation and excluded him from the pulpit of the meeting house.
Thereafter, the expelled minister and his supporters (“the petitioners”)
brought an action seeking a declaration that the meeting house belonged to
them, as they were the members of the congregation who had adhered to its
original principles. The synod brought a counter action seeking a declaration
that the petitioners, by declining the jurisdiction of the synod, had lost any
interest in the property of the congregation.

63 After almost 10 years of hearings, the suit finally came before the House
of Lords in 1813. The court remitted the case back to the Scottish Court of
Session with the finding that:

a)

the meeting house had been acquired by the members of the congregation with
the intent that it should be used for the purpose of religious worship by
members who agreed in their religious opinion, and intended to continue in
communion with each other; and

b)

the meeting house belonged to the members of the congregation who adhered to
the religious principles of those who were the original members of the
congregation

64 Upon remission, the Court of Session found that the alleged differences
between the preamble and the religious principles of those who were the
original members of the congregation were non-intelligible, and that the
petitioners had failed to prove that the current members of the congregation
had departed from the religious principles of the original members. Based on
this finding, the House of Lords held in 1820 that the petitioners had
voluntarily disassociated themselves from the congregation, and that their
claim that the meeting house belonged to them solely was not founded.

65 _Craigdallie_ has been interpreted as standing for the proposition that in
the event of a dispute between opposing factions of a religious institution,
the court would favour the faction that adhered to the practices of the
original members, over the faction that had altered the institution’s
doctrines/practices. However, the House of Lords seemed to have qualified this
broad principle somewhat with the caveat that the alteration should,
objectively, be of material importance to that religious institution.
Therefore, even though the petitioners were undoubtedly the faction that had
adhered most faithfully to the original practices of the congregation (in
contrast to the synod which added the preamble), the court found for the synod
because the addition of the preamble did not create any “intelligible”
difference with the original doctrines/practices of the congregation.

66 Next is the case of _Attorney-General v Pearson_ (1817) 36 E.R. 135 (“
_Pearson_ ”) which raised the question of whether a trust deed that was set up
to provide a meeting house for “the worship and service of God” had been
breached when the trustees started to engage in unitarian worship. The
trustees claimed that the purpose of the trust, as expressed in the trust
deed, was to provide a meeting place for the worship and service of God,
without any mention of the doctrine to be preached. Accordingly, they were
entitled to engage in unitarian worship, as well as to eject the plaintiffs
for their continued insistence on trinitarian worship. On the other hand, the
plaintiffs claimed that the teaching of unitarianism was against the original
intentions of the founders who had believed in trinitarianism. Accordingly,
they argued that the meeting house should continue to be used only for
trinitarian worship.

67 Eldon LC, who had written the judgment in _Craigdallie_ , held that the key
issue in the case was whether the original intentions of the founders were for
the meeting house to be a place for exclusively trinitarian purposes, or
whether the meeting house was merely to be a place for general Christian
worship. Accordingly, it directed an inquiry for the original intentions of
the founders to be ascertained. At the same time, having regard to the fact
that the plaintiffs had clearly not breached the purposes of the trust, the
court also ordered that the trustees undertake not to eject the plaintiffs
from the meeting house until the inquiry was over.

68 **_Pearson_** reiterated the proposition in _Craigdallie_ that the court
would not allow the members of a religious institution from promulgating a
different doctrine if doing so would deviate from the purpose of the trust. It
is significant to note that the court did not restrict its inquiry regarding
the purpose of the trust to the terms of the trust deed itself. Indeed, the
Solicitor General in that case had argued that the general words in the trust
deed (“for the worship and service of Almighty God”) did not prescribe the
form of worship or the doctrines to be inculcated, and that it would be wrong
for the court to impose a certain doctrine on the trust. The Court rejected
this argument and held that the absence of any restriction on doctrine did not
necessarily mean that there were no limits on doctrine at all. Having regard
to factors such as unitarianism being illegal at the time the trust was
established, and clauses in the trust deed suggesting that the founders did
not intend to allow an illegal form of worship, the court concluded that the
founders did intend that the meeting house be used for a certain type of
worship.

69 The third case we will consider is _Attorney General v Aust_ (1865) 13 LT
235 (“ _Aust_ ”) where the issue was whether any persons, other than the
denomination of Nonconformists termed “Independents”, were eligible to occupy
a chapel endowed under a trust. The trust deed provided that the chapel was:

to be used and enjoyed as a place of public religious worship for the service
of God by the society of Protestant Dissenters of the denomination of
Independents, and professing the doctrines contained in the Catechism of the
Assembly of Divines held at Westminster, and commonly called the Assembly’s
Catechism,’ and also by such other persons as shall hereafter be united to the
said society, and attend the worship of God in the said meeting house.

70 The result in _Aust_ is not important for our purposes. What is significant
about _Aust_ is that it qualifies the principle laid down in _Pearson_ as to
the propriety of using extrinsic evidence to determine the fundamental tenets
of a religious institution when there is a trust deed (or its equivalent) in
existence. Kindersley VC held that resort to extrinsic evidence was
appropriate if the trust deed did not reveal what were the fundamental tenets.
However, if the trust deed had already laid down the original doctrines and
form of worship, the use of extrinsic evidence should not be resorted to. This
can be seen from the following extract of the judgment (at 236):

[I]t is the duty of the court to ascertain in the first instance the nature of
the religious worship intended at the time of the origin of the chapel, and as
it is very often impossible to ascertain this with certainty from the absence
of any instrument of endowment, or from the words of such instrument being
ambiguous, that the court must then resort to the usage of the congregation in
order to discover what those doctrines were. But if, on the other hand, from
there being an actual deed of endowment, or from the fact that such a deed had
existed being proved, the court has discovered the nature of the original
doctrines and worship, it will maintain the worship prescribed by the
endowment.

71 We now move to consider perhaps the most famous case in the 20th century
which raised the question of schism in a religious institution. In _General
Assembly of Free Church of Scotland v Lord Overtoun_ [1904] A.C. 515 (“
_Overtoun_ ”) (also known as _Bannatyne v Overtoun_ [1904] AC 515) a majority
of a denomination of Christians which called itself the Free Church of
Scotland (“Free Church”) decided to merge with the United Presbyterian Church
under the name of the United Free Church. The Free Church property was
conveyed to new trustees to hold on behalf of the new Church. A minority of
the members of the Free Church opposed the merger on the grounds that the
merged institution had departed from two fundamental doctrines of the Free
Church, which were the Establishment principle, and the unqualified acceptance
of the Westminster Confession of Faith. According to the minority members,
these two doctrines were part of the constitution of the Free Church and could
not be altered. The minority claimed that the United Presbyterian Church was
opposed to the Establishment principle, and did not maintain the Westminster
Confession of Faith in its entirety. The merger left ministers and laymen free
to hold opinions as regards the Establishment principle and the predestination
doctrine (in the Westminster Confession) as they pleased, and this constituted
a breach of trust inasmuch as the property of the Free Church was no longer
being used for the benefit of the original purposes of the Free Church.

72 The House of Lords identified the issue in question as being whether the
merger had indeed breached the fundamental doctrines of the Free Church such
that the minority was the true representative of the Free Church. It was
common ground between the parties that the Free Church had no formal written
constitution, trust deed or other such document setting out those principles.
The five members of the House of Lords who ruled in favour of the minority
members (Earl of Halsbury LC, Lord Davey, Lord James, Lord Robertson and Lord
Alverstone) found as a fact that the Establishment principle and unqualified
acceptance of the Westminster Confession of Faith were fundamental doctrines
of the Free Church, and that these doctrines had been altered by the merger.
Furthermore, the constitution of the Free Church did not contain any provision
for the alteration of its fundamental doctrines. Accordingly, the majority
members were not entitled to transfer the property of the Free Church to the
newly merged church.

73 The two dissenting members of the House of Lords who found for the majority
gave different reasons for doing so. Lord Macnaghten held that the
Establishment principle and Westminster confession of faith were not the
fundamental principles on which the Free Church was founded, and therefore the
merger did not amount to a breach of trust. Furthermore, the Free Church had
the power to change her doctrines through the general assembly. Accordingly,
it was well within the majority’s right to change these doctrines pursuant to
the merger.

74 In contrast to Lord Macnaghten’s liberal interpretation of the powers of
the Free Church, Lord Lindley adopted a more circumspect approach towards the
interpretation of the Free Church’s competence to alter its doctrines. In his
Lordship’s opinion, the constitution of the Free Church conferred on its
general assembly the freedom to alter its religious doctrines. However, this
power had to be used bona fide for the purposes for which they were conferred,
and could not be used to destroy the Free Church itself. Although the limits
of this power could not be defined precisely, the court could, in the majority
of cases, determine whether a particular change was within this power. The
Free Church’s competence to alter its religious doctrine was limited by its
identity as a Christian Church and a Reformed Protestant Church.

75 _Overtoun_ is an important case for two reasons. First, the House of Lords
established that a mere divergence from the original practice of a religious
institution’s founders was insufficient to show a breach of trust. The
divergence had to be related to a “fundamental and essential” doctrine of the
institution before it could amount to a breach of trust. This was so held by
all seven members of the House. As Lord James stated (at 656):

[I]t is necessary first to determine to what extent the Free Church was based
upon the principles of Establishment. But before entering upon such inquiry it
is, I think, worthy of remark that the Church is not a positive, defined
entity, as would be the case if it were a corporation created by law. It is a
body of men united only by the possession of common opinions, and if this
community of opinion ceases to exist, the foundations of the Church give way.
_But difference of opinion to produce this result must be in respect of
fundamental principles, and not of minor matters of administration or of
faith_. [emphasis added]

76 Second, the majority of the House also confirmed that it was possible for a
religious institution to confer upon its trustees the power to alter the
religious doctrines on which it was based, including its fundamental
doctrines. However, such a power had to be expressly conferred. In the absence
of any words to that effect, the courts would construe any power of plenary
legislation as relating only to administrative issues, and not to matters of
doctrine. As Lord Davey stated:

The bond of union, however, may contain within itself a power in some
recognised body to control, alter, or modify the tenets and principles at one
time professed by the association. But the existence of such a power would
have to be proved like any other tenet or principle of the association. [at
646]

...

[L]et it be assumed that the language of the Act does imply the existence of
some power. Certainly it is not necessarily an unlimited or general power, and
the question then is, what is the extent or what are the limits of the power?
It has been said that it is a power to legislate in any manner not
inconsistent with the continued existence of the Church. But applying that to
the case now before us, what, it may be asked, is the Church but an organized
association of Christians holding certain doctrines and principles in common?
[651]

...

I think the Dean of Faculty was logically right in contending for an
unrestricted power of legislation. But if the property was intended to be held
in trust for a body of Christians holding such doctrines as the majority
acting through the General Assembly might from time to time approve, such an
intention should be made clear beyond the possibility of question. [651]

77 A more recent case is _MacKay v MacLeod_ (10 January 1952, unreported) (“
_MacKay_ ”) where the subjects of a trust were expressed to be “for the sole
use and behoof of the Congregation of the Body of Christians called ‘The Free
Presbyterian Church of Scotland’ presently worshipping in the Free
Presbyterian Church, North Church Place, Inverness, and adhering to the
Constitution and to the whole standards of the Free Church of Scotland as set
forth and enumerated in the hereinafter mentioned Deed of Separation”. The
Deed of Separation contained an enumeration of a number of well known
doctrinal and ecclesiastical formularies, beginning with the Westminster
Confession of Faith.

78 In 1938, the congregation split into two sections over a religious dispute,
and the court was called upon to determine which section was entitled to the
property of the trust. In order to answer this question, the court held that
it first had to decide whether either section had departed from the
fundamental doctrines of the church. In relation to this inquiry, the Lord
President laid down a principle of construction:

If the difference leading to a secession relates to a matter not covered by
the constitution and standards, and if therefore the continuing section cannot
be shown to have violated or departed from the constitution and standards, the
seceders secede at their peril and cannot by professions of conscientious
conviction elevate minor or extraneous points of controversy into principles
embodied in the Church's constitution and standards.

79 This approach advocated in **_MacKay_** is important, especially in
relation to a case where the change in doctrine concerns matters that are not
covered by the trust deed or constitution of the religious institution. In our
view, there is much to be said in favour of adopting this approach, as it is
both practical and sensible.

80 A century after the House of Lords had resolved the dispute between the
contending parties in _Overtoun_ , a second dispute arose between the General
Assembly of the Free Church and a minority of dissentient members. _In Free
Church of Scotland v General Assembly of the Free Church of Scotland_ [2005] 1
S.C. 396 (“ _Free Church_ ”), a minority of members in the Free Church of
Scotland brought an action against the General Assembly of the Free Church,
claiming that the General Assembly had ceased to adhere to the fundamental
principles of the Free Church, and was therefore no longer entitled to the
beneficial interest in the Free Church’s property. The minority members
claimed that the constitution of the Free Church contained a fundamental
principle of the right of continued protest, and that the General Assembly had
breached this fundamental right by preventing the minority members from airing
their grievances concerning the alleged misconduct of a particular professor
teaching in the Free Church.

81 The Court of Session identified the main issue in the case to be whether
the right of continued protest was so fundamental to the Free Church that the
General Assembly had abrogated its right to use the assets of the Free Church
by departing from it. Ultimately, the court held that it was unable to
identify a right of continued protest as a fundamental constitutional
principle of the Free Church. Although some members of the Free Church had
acted in a way that could be regarded as supporting a right of protest, it was
more appropriate to interpret such acts as a means to achieve the objective of
preserving the substantive fundamental principles of the Free Church, rather
than as a principle by itself. Accordingly, the court held that the General
Assembly had not deviated from the fundamental principles of the Free Church.

82 The significance of this case is that it illustrates the fine balance which
the court has to maintain when it tries to determine whether a particular
tenet is a fundamental principle of a religious institution. As in _Overtoun_
, the court considered that it was entitled to take into account all relevant
evidence when determining if the Free Church was founded on the fundamental
principle of the right of protest. However, the approach of the court also
suggests that the mere fact that the founders of a religious institution had
acted in a particular way, does not ipso facto mean that the particular way of
acting was so fundamental that any departure from it would amount to a breach.
There must be some evidence that the founders themselves considered it to be
fundamental.

83 We will finally refer to the rather interesting case of **_Varsani v Jesani
(Cy Pres)_** [1999] Ch. 219 (“ _Varsani_ ”) which would seem to suggest that
there is an alternative to the “zero-sum” method which the courts had
traditionally employed to resolve disputes of this nature. The plaintiffs and
the defendants in this case were both followers of a Hindu sect, Shree
Swaminarayan Gadi, based in Maninagar, Gujarat, India. An essential tenet of
the faith was that the founder was believed to have been the incarnation or
manifestation of the Supreme Being. The followers believed that there was a
direct line of succession from the founder through three other successors to
Shree Muktajivandasji Swaminarayan (“Muktajivandasji”). Muktajivandasji
remained the Acharya or leader of the sect until he died in 1979. About ten
years before he died, Muktajivandasji established a constitution to govern the
affairs of the sect, including his succession (”the 1969 constitution”). The
1969 constitution did not stipulate whether the successor had any divine
attributes, and further provided that the successor could be removed if he
misconducted himself in certain ways. Before he died, Muktajivandasji
appointed one Shree Purushottam Priyadasji (“Priyadasji”) to be his successor
as the leader of the sect.

84 In or about 1985, allegations of misconduct surfaced against Priyadasji in
relation to a trip he made to England. A majority of members in India and
England did not accept the allegations against the successor. They continue to
recognise his authority, and his divine status. The minority believed that the
allegations were true and that he had lost the right to lead the sect. This
dispute finally culminated in cross suits between the majority and minority
groups. The majority started a suit in 1988 seeking the removal of the
trustees who were members of the minority group and a scheme for the
administration of the charity. In 1990, the minority commenced their own suit
seeking declarations that the successor had ceased to be the spiritual leader
of the sect and that those who continued to accept him as their spiritual
leader were not entitled to worship in the London temple or otherwise to have
the use and benefit of the assets of the charity.

85 The English Court of Appeal held that the original purpose of the charity
was to promote the faith of Swaminarayan according to the teachings and tenets
of Muktajivandasji. However, the teachings of Muktajivandasji did not deal
with whether a belief in the divine attributes of his successor were essential
tenets of the faith, and it was therefore not possible to determine whether
either group had departed from the fundamental tenets of the faith.

86 In any event, the court considered that it had the power under section
13(1)(e)(iii) of the Charities Act 1993 (UK) to settle a cy-pres scheme for
the division of the charity’s assets. That section stated that cy-pres was
available

[W]here the original purposes of the gift had “ceased in any other way to
provide a suitable and effective method of using the property available by
virtue of the gift, regard being had to the appropriate considerations.”

87 The court held that under this section, when considering the
appropriateness of settling a cy-pres scheme, the court had to look beyond the
original objects of the trust and to seek to identify the spirit in which the
donors gave property upon trust for those purposes. Having regard to this, it
then concluded that:

[T]he spirit in which property was given in 1967 was a desire to provide
facilities for a small but united community of the followers of
Muktajivandasji in and around Hendon to worship together in the faith of
Swaminarayan. The original purposes specified in the declaration of trust -
that is to say the promotion of the faith of Swaminarayan as practised in
accordance with the teachings and tenets of Muktajivandasji - are no longer a
suitable and effective method of using the property given in 1967, or added
property held upon the same trusts, because the community is now divided and
cannot worship together. Nothing that the court may decide will alter that. To
hold that one group has adhered to the true faith and that the other group has
not will not alter the beliefs of that other group. The position will remain
that the community cannot worship together. _To appropriate the use of the
property to the one group to the exclusion of the other would be contrary to
the spirit in which the gift was made_.

[emphasis are my own]

88 Section 13(1)(e)(iii) of the Charities Act 1993 (UK) is in pari materia
with s 21(1)(e)(iii) of our own Charities Act. Hence, it is within the power
of the court to adopt the approach advanced in _Varsani_.

Summary of principles

89 The principles that can be drawn from the above stated cases are as
follows:

(i) Where a trust/gift is established for the benefit of a religious
institution, it is a breach of trust/gift for the members of that religious
institution to deviate from the purpose of that trust/gift. To the extent that
the purpose of the trust/gift involves issues regarding adherence to certain
religious beliefs or doctrine, it is the duty of the court to take cognisance
of these matters to determine whether the purpose of the trust/gift has been
breached: see _Craigdallie_ and _MacKay_.

(ii) The mere fact that the members of that religious institution has deviated
from the original doctrines and practices of that institution does not ipso
facto amount to a breach of the purpose of the trust/gift. _Craigdallie_. The
deviation must be material and relate to a “fundamental and essential”
doctrine/practice of the institution: see _Craigdallie_ and _Overtoun_.

(iii) The party who alleges that there has been a deviation from a fundamental
and essential doctrine/practice of a religious institution bears the burden of
proving it: see _Craigdallie_.

(iv) Whether a particular doctrine or belief is “fundamental or essential” to
a religious institution is a question of fact. In this respect, particular
regard should be given to the terms of the trust/gift if there is one, since
it is presumed to manifest the intentions of its founders: see _Aust_ and
_Free Church_.

(v) The mere fact that the trust deed does not prescribe any particular form
of doctrine/worship does not necessarily mean that the founders did not intend
that there should be no limitations on doctrine/worship at all. The court is
entitled to refer to extrinsic evidence to determine whether the founders
intended to impose certain restrictions on doctrine/worship, notwithstanding
the absence of express words to that effect: see _Pearson_.

(vi) Where the trust deed prescribes the doctrines and forms of worship that
are to be promulgated by the religious institution, there is an inference that
these are the essential and fundamental principles of that religious
institution. _Aust_. The more detailed the trust deed is in relation to these
matters, the stronger the inference that it is meant to be an exhaustive list.
In such cases, any matters not covered by the trust deed are presumed to be
non fundamental _: see MacKay_.

(vii) A trust deed may confer upon a religious institution the power to alter
its fundamental doctrines/practices. However, such a power must be expressly
provided for. In the absence of clear words to that effect, powers of plenary
legislation will be construed as relating only to administrative issues, and
not to matters of fundamental doctrine/practices: see _Overtoun_.

(viii) In the absence of a trust deed, the court is entitled to look at
extrinsic evidence to determine the essential fundamental doctrines/practices
of a religious institution. _Overtoun_. Neither is the court restricted to
extrinsic evidence existing at the time of the creation of the trust/gift. The
subsequent conduct of the members of the religious institution may also be
used to infer the original intentions of the founders: see _Free Church_.

(ix) Caution must be exercised when using extrinsic evidence to determine the
fundamental doctrines/practices of a religious institution. The mere fact that
the founders of a religious institution adhered to certain doctrines and
practices does not ipso facto mean that these doctrines and practices are
fundamental to that religious institution. There must be some evidence to show
that the founders themselves considered those doctrines/practices to be
fundamental: see _Free Church_.

(x) In the event of a dispute between members of a religious institution over
questions of whether there has been a deviation from the essential and
fundamental principles of that institution, the court retains an overarching
discretion to settle a cy-pres scheme under section 21(1)(e)(iii) of the
Charities Act without inquiring into whether there has been such a departure:
see _Varsani_.

The College’s essential and fundamental religious doctrines

90 In this case, the essential and fundamental doctrines that inform and guide
the work of the College are set out in Article III of its constitution. We
have in [60] above quoted the said Article.

91 It is clear from this Article that the fundamental doctrine of the College
is to be the Westminster Confession of faith (“the Westminster Confession”).
The Westminster Confession is a document drawn up by the Westminster Assembly
in 1646. This assembly consisted of 121 Puritan clergymen who were called upon
by the English parliament to provide advice on issues of church doctrine,
worship and government. The Westminster Confession has been highly influential
within Presbyterian churches worldwide, many of which use it as a standard of
doctrine that is second only to the teaching contained in the Bible itself.
The part of the Westminster Confession that is relevant for our purposes is
Article VIII, Chapter 1 (“Article VIII”). Article VIII has been interpreted by
many Protestants who adhere to the Westminster Confession as standing for the
principal belief that the Bible is divinely inspired. Article VIII reads as
follows:

The Old Testament in Hebrew (which was the native language of the people of
God of old), and the New Testament in Greek (which, at the time of the writing
of it, was most generally known to the nations), being immediately inspired by
God, and, by His singular care and providence, kept pure in all ages, are
therefore authentical; so as, in all controversies of religion, the Church is
finally to appeal unto them. But, because these original tongues are not known
to all the people of God, who have right unto, and interest in the Scriptures,
and are commanded, in the fear of God, to read and search them, therefore they
are to be translated in to the vulgar language of every nation unto which they
come, that, the Word of God dwelling plentifully in all, they may worship Him
in an acceptable manner; and, through patience and comfort of the Scriptures,
may have hope.

92 Protestants have interpreted Article VIII of the Westminster Confession in
various ways, of which the VPI doctrine is one. The major doctrines regarding
the proper interpretation of Article VIII would appear to be as follows:

a)

The dictation doctrine of inspiration sees God as the author of the Bible and
the human writers as mere agents taking dictation. Essentially, God spoke and
man wrote it down.

b)

The VPI doctrine differs from the dictation doctrine in that its proponents do
not believe that God literally dictated every word of the Bible. VPI
proponents believe that when the human authors were writing, they were
inspired by God so that what they wrote were the "breathed-out” words of God.
This means that while the actual writings retain the personality of the
individual authors, they contain the actual words of God.

c)

Limited inspiration sees the Bible as primarily the work of man with "limited"
inspiration from God. Under this doctrine, God guides the human authors, but
allows them the freedom to express themselves in their works. This view
asserts that while there may be factual and historical errors in the Bible,
the Holy Spirit guided the authors so that no doctrinal errors resulted from
their works.

93 The Westminster Confession is a highly detailed piece of work that lays
down the major tenets of the Christian faith in the Calvinist Protestant
tradition. Having regard to the principles of construction laid down in _Aust_
and _Mackay_ (Principle (vi)), as well as the fact that Article III of the
College’s constitution was drafted by theologians well versed in Christian
doctrine, we are of the opinion that the founders of the College intended the
Westminster Confession to serve as the fundamental doctrine informing and
guiding the work of the College.

What is the VPP doctrine

94 From the submissions made by counsel, we were able to discern that the VPP
doctrine is actually closely related to the VPI doctrine which both parties
adhere to. As mentioned above at [92], believers in the VPI doctrine believe
that the original versions of the Bible as written in Aramic and old Hebrew
(the autographs) were divinely inspired. The autographs do not exist anymore,
but some translated copies of them (the apographs) are still in existence. On
the other hand, proponents of the VPP doctrine go one step further: they
believe that some of these apographs (the Textus Receptus manuscripts of the
New Testament and the Masoretic Text of the Old Testament) are perfectly
preserved copies of the autographs because the scribes who translated them
were also divinely inspired. Since the King James Version of the Bible (“KJV”)
was translated based on the apographs, adherents of the VPP doctrine believe
that the KJV is the most accurate English translation of the bible.

Is the VPP doctrine a deviation from the Confession?

95 Having carefully considered the position, it seems to us that the College,
in adopting the VPP doctrine, has not deviated from the fundamental principles
which guide and inform the work of the College right from its inception, and
as expressed in the Westminster Confession. There are four reasons why we have
come to this view.

96 First, although Article VIII stands for the proposition that the original
drafts of the Bible were divinely inspired, it is notably silent on the
question of the relative accuracy of the translated copies of the Bibles. At
the time when the Westminster Confession was written, there were already
multiple translated versions of the Bible in various languages (including in
English). Hence, the absence of any reference to this issue in Article VIII
could have been due to either deliberate silence or a failure to consider this
question.

97 Mere difference between the current and original doctrines/practice of a
religious institution does not ipso facto amount to a breach of trust. The
difference must relate to an essential and fundamental doctrine of the
religious institution: see _Craigdallie_ (Principle (ii)). The cases where the
courts have found a breach of trust involved situations where the members of
the religious institution had abandoned a fundamental principle, or had acted
in contravention of it. In _Overtoun_ , the House of Lords found for the
minority group because the majority group had abandoned the Establishment
principle as well as the position of strict adherence to the Westminster
Confession, which were the fundamental doctrines of the Free Church.
Similarly, the court in _Pearson_ was minded to order an inquiry as to the
fundamental doctrines of the congregation because of the obvious
incompatibility of trinitarianism (the original doctrine) with unitarianism.
In contrast, the courts have been slow to find that there is a breach of trust
where a religious institution adopts a position on a matter not contemplated
by its founders and which position is not incompatible with the institution’s
fundamental doctrines.

98 Article VIII of the Westminster Confession, as well as the VPI doctrine,
deals solely with the divine status of the autographs. In contrast, the VPP
doctrine is concerned with the divine status of some particular apographs.
Although related, the two doctrines focus on different areas of theology. It
is not inconsistent for a Christian who believes fully in the principles
contained within the Westminster Confession (and the VPI doctrine) to also
subscribe to the VPP doctrine. In the absence of anything in the Westminster
Confession that deals with the status of the apographs, we hesitate to find
that the VPP doctrine is a deviation from the principles contained within the
Westminster Confession.

99 Second, insofar as the Westminster Confession does not dictate any
particular position with regard to the status of the apographs, the Church’s
own position in relation to the use of the KJV can also be regarded as a
doctrinal position that is neither supported nor contradicted by the
Westminster Confession. Charles Seet, the pastor of the Church, admitted
during cross examination that the Church itself uses the KJV and has always
subscribed to the view that the KJV is the best English translation of the
bible because of its textual superiority.

100 It seems to us difficult to resolve, as a matter of theology, whether the
Church’s position (endorsing the VPI) is closer to the Westminster Confession
than that of the College (endorsing the VPP). Both positions accept the
alleged superiority of the KJV, an issue that the Westminster Confession is
entirely silent on. Insofar as both positions relate to the question of the
accuracy of translated bibles, we are of the opinion that they are not
inconsistent with the Westminster Confession.

101 Third, there is some evidence to suggest that the Church had, at least
initially, regarded the VPP doctrine as not inconsistent with the principles
contained in the Westminster Confession. The Statement of Reconciliation
published by the Church in 2003 states that:

For the past 52 years, Life B-P Church has been holding forth the Word of
Life, and upholding the use of the King James Version (KJV) which is the best
English translation of the Scriptures, made by godly translators from the best
Greek and Hebrew texts.

Among all English Bibles today, there is none that can surpass the KJV. We
believe that this statement on the KJV being the Word of God, and fully
reliable, which was arrived at after the careful deliberation of the Board of
Elders, is acceptable by all other members of the Session.

And thus, we should continue to exclusively use the KJV for all ministries of
the church and for our members’ use, and refrain from all Modern English
versions, like the RSV, NASV and NIV. One of the many deficiencies of these
Modern English versions is that they are based on the corrupted Westcott and
Hort Greek and Hebrew Text; while the KJV is based on the uncorrupted family
of the Greek Received Text and the Masoretic Hebrew Text.

In the last few months, a debate has arisen within our church, concerning the
Greek Received Text and the Masoretic Hebrew Text underlying the KJV. _We have
come to the conclusion that neither of the views propounded is dogma but
personal conviction or preference_. We confess our sins and repent before God
that we have caused grief, consternation and confusion, we pray that God will
forgive us

102 The Statement of Reconciliation shows that, as late as 2003, the Church
was prepared to accept that personal belief in the VPP doctrine was not
inconsistent with adherence to the Westminster Confession. In this respect, we
would also point out that the Church’s own constitution requires the Church to
take an uncompromising stance against heretical doctrines that it regards as
being against the fundamental precepts of the Westminster Confession. Article
4 of the Church’s constitution expressly requires the doctrine of the Church
to be aligned with the principles laid down in the Westminster Confession,
while Articles 6.8 and 6.9 state that:

6.8 In loyalty to the revealed Word, we, as an organised portion of the people
of God, are obliged to oppose all forms of modernism, cultism, Romantism and
false religions. Dialogue for the purpose of reaching a compromise between
true Bible believers and representatives of such beliefs is impious,
unbiblical, treasonous and unfaithful to the holy God, as He has revealed
Himself to us in His infallible, inerrant Word.

6.9 We are opposed to all efforts to obscure or wipe out the clear line of
separation between these absolutes: truth and error, light and darkness. We
refer to such efforts by New Evangelicals, Charismatic Christians, promoters
of ecumenical cooperative evangelism and of the social gospel, and all
churches and other movements and organisations that are aligned with or
sympathetic to the Ecumenical Movement.

103 The Statement of Reconciliation was an attempt between the members of the
Church to seek a compromise between those who believe in the VPI doctrine and
those who believe in the VPP doctrine. Such a compromise would have been
barred by the Church’s own constitution if the VPP doctrine was indeed a
deviation from the Westminster Confession.

104 Fourth, it is not disputed that out of the approximately 17 Bible
Presbyterian (“B-P”) churches in Singapore, there are nine that support the
VPP doctrine (Berean, Berith, Calvary Pandan, Calvary Tengah, Gethsemane, New
Life, Tabernacle, True Life and Truth Bible). On the other hand, there are
eight B-P churches that have rejected the VPP doctrine (Galilee, Grace, Life
Church, Narareth, Olivet, Shalom, Zion, Mt Hermon).

105 The above-stated B-P churches were all members of the Bible-Presbyterian
Church of Singapore (“the Presbytery”) until 1986, when the Presbytery was
dissolved, and the members of the Presbytery became independent churches.
Article 4 of the Presbytery’s constitution made it clear that its fundamental
doctrines were based on the principles contained in the Westminster
Confession. Accordingly, although the constitutions of those B-P churches in
Singapore are not in evidence, it is fair to infer that those B-P churches
would continue to regard the Westminster Confession as their fundamental
doctrines.

106 Pursuant to the principles laid down in _Overtoun_ , the question of
whether a certain doctrine is in accord with the fundamental doctrines of a
religious institution is purely a question of construction. Nonetheless, while
the beliefs of a majority group is not determinative, it is a factor that
cannot be ignored. In this case, neither party has adduced expert evidence on
the question of the compatibility of the VPP doctrine with the Westminster
Confession. The closest approximation we have to expert evidence is the expert
opinions of the pastors of the various churches who adhere to the Westminster
Confession. Accordingly, some weight should be given to the fact that half of
the B-P churches believe that the VPP doctrine is consistent with the
Westminster Confession.

107 In light of the above, we find that the Respondents (who, importantly,
bear the burden of proof (see above at [95-105])) have not shown that the
Appellant’s adoption of the VPP doctrine is inconsistent with the fundamental
doctrines of the College.

G. Does the College’s teaching of the VPP doctrine constitute a deviation from
the objects of the charitable purpose trust?

108 It is conceptually possible for the fundamental doctrines of the College
to differ from the objects of the charitable purpose trust over the Premises.
In the present case the charitable purpose trust over the Premises was not
established by a single identifiable donor whose intent could be easily
ascertained, be it by way of a trust deed or any other less formal way.
Rather, the funds received to acquire the Premises were raised by donations
from members of the Christian community whose intentions could not be
ascertained with any degree of certainty. But what is clear is that the
appeals for donations were made in the joint names of the Church and the
College, without any further elaboration. There was no indication as to
whether any one body would exercise any form of control over the other.
Neither was there any specific reference to any religious doctrine other than
the fact that both entities were Bible Presbyterian entities. In such
circumstances, the objects of the College, as well as those of the Church,
would serve as strong evidence of the presumed objects of the charitable
purpose trust, because it would be natural and reasonable to infer that the
donors intended their donations to benefit both the College and the Church.

109 As we see it, the charitable purpose trust upon which the Premises are
impressed, as far as the College is concerned, must be that the Premises be
used in accordance with its Constitution. There is nothing to suggest that the
College can only enjoy the use of the Premises if it is aligned to the Church
in terms of the particular translation of the Bible used. It must not be
overlooked that the College was and is intended to serve the needs of all
Presbyterian churches in Singapore. As mentioned above at [104], these
churches are divided as far as the VPI and the VPP doctrines are concerned. In
the light of our finding (see [107] above) that the College has not deviated
from its fundamental doctrines/tenets, it is entitled to continue using the
Premises.

110 As a concluding remark we would make these further observations. The
various fundraising events that took place between 1957 and 2000 were made in
the name of both the Church and the College. Undoubtedly, when the donations
were received, the donors, as well as the members of the Church and the
College, did not anticipate that a doctrinal dispute like the present would
arise between the Church and the College. Indeed, it is even possible that all
the parties involved assumed that the Church and the College would forever be
united in terms of doctrine. However, this is very different from saying that
the College commits a breach of the charitable purpose trust to which the
Premises are impressed with when it ceases to be aligned with the Church in
terms of doctrine. The evidence produced by the Church only shows that the
Church and the College shared a special and close relationship. There is
nothing to suggest that the College was meant to be subordinated to the Church
in either administration or doctrine. We would reiterate that the College was
established not only to serve the needs of the Church but also the needs of
the other Presbyterian churches in Singapore. As stated before, the
Presbyterian churches in Singapore are divided over VPI and VPP. Given these
considerations, we find that the College’s status as a beneficiary under that
purpose trust over the Premises was not conditioned on its continued doctrinal
alignment with the Church.

Conclusion

111 For the above mentioned reasons, we allow the appeal. We will hear the
parties on the exact orders which are necessary to give effect to the relief
claimed by the Appellants in Suit 278. In order to avoid further
controversies, the parties may consider it necessary to draw up a more
detailed arrangement than that set out in the 1970 Agreement, as to how the
Premises are to be maintained and used by the parties.

112 The parties are also requested, within the next fortnight, to let us have
their written submissions on the question of costs of this appeal and the
trial below.

* * *

[note: 1]ROA, Vol 3 Part 7, p 2389-2390.

[note: 2]ROA Vol III, Part 7, p 2290-2293.

[note: 3]ROA Vol III, Part 7, p 2337-2339.

[note: 4]ROA Vol III, Part 7, p 2290-2294.

[note: 5]ROA Vol III, Part 7, p 2239-2294.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

