Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  CRW Joint Operation _v_ PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK  
[2011] SGCA 33

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 59 of 2010 (Summons No 4970 of 2010)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 July 2011  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Siraj Omar and Dipti Jauhar (Premier Law LLC) for the
appellant; Philip Jeyaretnam SC and Wong Wai Han (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  CRW Joint Operation — PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2010] 4 SLR 672.]

13 July 2011| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by CRW Joint Operation (“CRW”) against the decision of the
High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK v
CRW Joint Operation_ [2010] 4 SLR 672 (“the GD”) allowing the application by
the respondent, PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK (“PGN”), to set aside a
final award dated 24 November 2009 (“the Final Award”) issued by the majority
members of the arbitral tribunal (“the Majority Members”) in International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) International Court of Arbitration Case No
16122/CYK (“the Arbitration”).

2 This appeal raises some interesting issues in relation to the effect of a
decision by a dispute adjudication board (“DAB”) constituted pursuant to the
terms of a construction contract that has incorporated the provisions in
_Conditions of Contract for Construction: For Building and Engineering Works
Designed by the Employer_ (1st Ed, 1999) (“the 1999 FIDIC Red Book”) published
by the Fédération Internationale des Ingénieurs-Conseils (“FIDIC”), a
federation which aims to represent globally the consulting engineering
industry by promoting the business interests of firms supplying technology-
based intellectual services for the built and natural environment.[note: 1]
The 1999 FIDIC Red Book contains the standard provisions recommended by FIDIC
for building or engineering contracts where the contractor undertakes works in
accordance with a design provided by the employer. Despite the prevalence of
these standard provisions in the construction industry, the issues raised in
this appeal _vis-à-vis_ the effect of a DAB decision do not, surprisingly,
appear to have received any judicial scrutiny to date. In this judgment, we
shall analyse the dispute resolution scheme in and the relevant clauses of the
1999 FIDIC Red Book. However, the salient legal points cannot be understood
without a statement of the background facts, to which we now turn.

Background facts

3 CRW is a tripartite joint operation established under the laws of the
Republic of Indonesia consisting of PT Citra Panji Manunggal, PT Remaja Bangun
Kencana Kontraktor and PT Winatek Widita. PGN is a public listed state-owned
company established under the laws of the Republic of Indonesia.

4 Pursuant to a contract dated 28 February 2006 entitled “Pipeline
Construction Contract For Grissik-Pagardewa Onshore Gas Transmission Pipeline
No 002500.PK/243/UT/2006”[note: 2] (“the Pipeline Contract”), PGN engaged CRW
to design, procure, install, test and pre-commission a 36-inch diameter
pipeline and an optical fibre cable running from Grissik to Pagardewa in
Indonesia. The Pipeline Contract adopted, with certain amendments, the
standard provisions set out in the 1999 FIDIC Red Book (these standard
provisions will be collectively referred to hereafter as “the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract”).

5 A dispute arose between the parties regarding 13 variation order proposals
submitted by CRW to PGN. In accordance with sub-cl 20.4 of the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract, the dispute was referred to a DAB consisting of a
single member, Mr Iain Clark McIntosh (“the Adjudicator”), under a dispute
adjudication agreement dated 22 February 2008.[note: 3]

6 In his written decision handed down on 25 November 2008, the Adjudicator
awarded a sum of US$17,298,834.57 to CRW.[note: 4] He indicated that the
documentary evidence produced by the parties, the access granted to their
files and records as well as the witnesses’ sworn statements negated the need
for an oral hearing.[note: 5]

7 The Adjudicator made a detailed analysis of the construction project
undertaken by the parties (“the Project”), including the causes of delay (_eg_
, late delivery of pipelines to the site and adverse ground conditions).[note:
6] Although the governing law of the Pipeline Contract was Indonesian law, the
Adjudicator referred extensively to common law cases on the various issues
raised by the parties[note: 7] and then gave his interpretation of the effect
of the parties’ amendments to the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract. Having
considered the legal and the factual positions, the Adjudicator elaborated on
his findings apropos the different heads of claim filed by CRW. Disappointed
with the Adjudicator’s determination, PGN filed a notice of dissatisfaction
(hereafter referred to interchangeably as a “NOD”) on 28 November 2008.[note:
8]

8 CRW, on the other hand, issued an invoice dated 3 December 2008 to PGN for
the amount awarded by the Adjudicator (_viz_ , the sum of
US$17,298,834.57).[note: 9] Unsurprisingly, PGN rejected the invoice on the
basis that it had filed a NOD and, thus, the Adjudicator’s decision was not
yet final and binding. It took the position that the parties should attempt an
amicable settlement of their dispute in accordance with sub-cl 20.5 of the
1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract.[note: 10]

9 As the parties could not resolve their differences, CRW filed a request for
arbitration (“Request for Arbitration”) on 13 February 2009 with the ICC
International Court of Arbitration pursuant to sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract for the sole purpose of “giving prompt effect to the
[Adjudicator’s] [d]ecision”.[note: 11] In response, PGN filed an answer to
CRW’s Request for Arbitration (“Answer to Request for Arbitration”) dated 24
April 2009 submitting that the Adjudicator’s decision was not yet final and
binding because it (PGN) had properly issued an NOD; thus, it had no
obligation to pay CRW the sum of US$17,298,834.57.[note: 12] PGN also
contended that pursuant to sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract, the Adjudicator’s decision ought to be re-opened by an arbitral
tribunal and CRW’s request for prompt payment of the aforesaid sum should be
rejected.[note: 13]

10 On 3 April 2009, the ICC International Court of Arbitration confirmed the
appointments of Mr Neil Kaplan (“Mr Kaplan”), who was CRW’s nominee, and Prof
H Priyatna Abdurrasyid (“Prof Abdurrasyid”), who was PGN’s nominee, as co-
arbitrators of the arbitral tribunal which was to hear the parties’ dispute
(“the Arbitral Tribunal”).[note: 14] On 30 April 2009, Mr Alan J Thambiayah
(“Mr Thambiayah”) was appointed as the chairman of the Arbitral Tribunal by
the ICC International Court of Arbitration upon the proposal of the ICC’s
Singapore national committee.[note: 15]

11 At a preliminary meeting held on 1 June 2009, the parties and the Arbitral
Tribunal discussed, _inter alia_ , whether there was any issue or question
which would be appropriate to determine preliminarily. The Arbitral Tribunal,
after consideration, gave the following directions on 4 June 2009:[note: 16]

1.On the 16th and 17th September 2009[,] the Tribunal [_ie_ , the Arbitral
Tribunal defined at [10] above] will hear the parties on:

(i) whether [the] Tribunal should rule on the questions identified below as
preliminary issues and if the Tribunal decides to rule on such questions as
preliminary issues,

(ii) the substantive answers to each question.

…

_The Questions_ :

1.Whether [CRW is] entitled to immediate payment of the US$17,298,834.57?

2.If the answer to question 1 above is either yes or no, is [PGN], in this
arbitration, entitled to request the Tribunal to open up, review and revise
the [Adjudicator’s] decision dated 25th November 2008 or any certificate upon
which it is based?

_If preliminary issue 2 is answered in the positive_

The Tribunal will issue appropriate directions, in consultation with the
parties, for _inter alia_ , service of details or particulars of the parties’
case relating to any opening up, review and revision of the [Adjudicator’s]
decision dated 25th November 2008 and the procedure and timeline for such
cases to be heard and determined[,] including production of relevant
documents, service of witness statements (including any expert witnesses),
service of written opening statements dealing with fact, liability, quantum
and law, venue(s) and dates for hearing.

The two questions specified by the Arbitral Tribunal in the above extract –
_viz_ , (a) whether CRW was entitled to immediate payment of the sum of
US$17,298.834.57 awarded by the Adjudicator; and (b) whether PGN was entitled,
in the Arbitration, to request the Arbitral Tribunal to open up, review and
revise the Adjudicator’s decision – will hereafter be referred to as “the
First Preliminary Issue” and “the Second Preliminary Issue” respectively, and
as “the Preliminary Issues” collectively.

12 On 17 June 2009, pursuant to Art 18 of the ICC Rules of Arbitration in
force as from 1 January 1998 (“the ICC Rules of Arbitration”), the parties
signed the terms of reference for the Arbitration (“the TOR”). (The TOR was
admitted as further evidence for the hearing before this court by way of CRW’s
application in Summons No 4970 of 2010, which we allowed, with costs to PGN
fixed at $500.) The TOR states:[note: 17]

**II**. **_PROVISIONS CONCERNING ARBITRATION AND CHOICE OF LAW_**

Sub-clauses 20.6 and 1.4 of the [1999 FIDIC] Conditions of Contract, … forming
part of the [Pipeline] Contract, provide, relevantly, as follows:

_“20.6_ _Arbitration_

_Unless settled amicably, any dispute in respect of which the DAB’s decision
(if any) has not become final and binding shall be finally settled by
international arbitration. Unless otherwise agreed by both Parties_ :

(_a_) _the dispute shall be finally settled under the [ICC] Rules of
Arbitration …_ ,

(_b_) _the dispute shall be settled by three arbitrators appointed in
accordance with these Rules, and_

(_c_) _the arbitration shall be conducted in the language for communications
defined in Sub-Clause 1.4 [of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract.]_

_The arbitrator(s) shall have full power to open up, review and revise any
certificate, determination, instruction, opinion or valuation of the Engineer_
[as defined in sub-cl 1.1.2.4 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract]_, and
any decision of the DAB, relevant to the dispute. Nothing shall disqualify the
Engineer from being called as a witness and giving evidence before the
arbitrator(s) on any matter whatsoever relevant to the dispute_.

_Neither Party shall be limited in the proceedings before the arbitrator(s) to
the evidence or arguments previously put before the DAB to obtain its
decision, or to the reasons for dissatisfaction given in its notice of
dissatisfaction. Any decision of the DAB shall be admissible in evidence in
the arbitration_.

_Arbitration may be commenced prior to or after completion of the Works_ [as
defined in sub-cl 1.1.5.8 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract]_. The
obligations of the Parties, the Engineer and the DAB shall not be altered by
reason of any arbitration being conducted during the progress of the Works_.

…

…

**VII**. **_STATEMENT OF THE ISSUES TO BE DETERMINED_**

**_Subject to Article 19 of the ICC Rules [of Arbitration], the Arbitral
Tribunal shall resolve all issues of fact and law arising from the claims and
defences and pleadings as submitted by the Parties, including further
submissions which are relevant to the merits of the Parties’ respective claims
and defen[c]es including, but not limited to, the following issues, as well as
any additional issues of fact or law which the Arbitral Tribunal, in its own
discretion, may deem necessary to decide for the purpose of rendering its
arbitral award_** :

1.Whether [CRW is] entitled to any award/reliefs as claimed or any other
relief flowing from the said claims?

2.Whether [PGN] is entitled to any award/reliefs as claimed or any other
relief flowing from the said claims?

3.Whether the [Adjudicator’s] decision is binding on and to be given immediate
effect by the Parties?

4.Whether the [Adjudicator’s] decision is subject to be opened up, reviewed
and revised in order to have an accurate and fair conclusion pertaining to the
dispute?

5.Whether [CRW] and [PGN] are entitled to the reimbursement of all costs and
expenses arising out of these arbitration proceedings, including but not
limited to reasonable attorneys’ fees?

6.Whether [CRW] and [PGN] are entitled to any other relief?

**VIII** **_ESTIMATED AMOUNT IN DISPUTE_**

**_The total amount in dispute is presently quantified at US$17,298,834.57
million. The Arbitral Tribunal reserves the right to revise the estimated
amount in dispute by taking into account the submissions made by [CRW] and
[PGN] in the course of the proceedings_**.

…

**XII** **_APPLICABLE PROCEDURAL RULES AND OTHER MATTERS_**

By the execution of these Terms of Reference, the Arbitrators [_ie_ , Mr
Kaplan, Prof Abdurrasyid and Mr Thambiayah] confirm the acceptance of their
appointments.

By the execution of these Terms of Reference, the Parties confirm that, on the
date hereof, they have no ground for objecting to the Arbitrators.

**_The Parties accept the jurisdiction of the Arbitral Tribunal to hear and
adjudicate upon all matters in dispute between them in these arbitration
proceedings_**.

The Arbitral Tribunal shall determine the procedure to be followed in these
arbitration proceedings subject to the applicable mandatory provisions of any
Singapore statute relating to international arbitrations but otherwise in
accordance with the ICC Rules [of Arbitration] and shall not be obliged to
follow any particular municipal system of procedure.

With the exception of the time limit for the [f]inal [a]ward to be rendered
under Article 24 of the ICC Rules [of Arbitration], the Arbitral Tribunal is
authorised to impose and, if and when necessary, and after consultation with
the Parties, to extend any time limit in these arbitration proceedings.

**_The Arbitral Tribunal may make partial and/or interim awards as well as
procedural orders if deemed necessary or appropriate_**.

The Parties shall not be bound by strict rules of evidence and may produce
evidence in any form permitted by the Arbitral Tribunal. The Arbitral Tribunal
shall decide the relevance, cogency and weight to be given to the evidence.

The Arbitral Tribunal may, at the request of a Party or on its own volition,
order a Party to produce documents or records in the possession or within the
control of that Party. Any request for production shall identify sufficiently
such document and set out the reasons for the request.

A Party who knows that any provisions of, or requirements under, the
applicable procedural rules or any direction given by the Arbitral Tribunal
has not been complied with, and yet proceeds with the arbitration proceedings
without promptly recording any objection to such non-compliance, shall be
deemed to have waived its right to object.

…

[underlining, emphasis in italics and emphasis in bold in original; emphasis
added in bold italics]

13 After the parties filed their respective memorials on the Preliminary
Issues and their respective replies thereto, the hearing of the Preliminary
Issues (“the Arbitral Hearing”) took place on 16 September 2009. After hearing
the parties’ arguments, the Arbitral Tribunal reserved its decision.

14 On 24 November 2009, the Majority Members (namely, Mr Thambiayah and Mr
Kaplan) issued what they described as a “ _final award_ ”[note: 18] [emphasis
added] in favour of CRW (_ie_ , the Final Award defined at [1] above). With
regard to the First Preliminary Issue, the Majority Members held that PGN had
an obligation to make immediate payment of the sum of US$17,298,834.57 to
CRW.[note: 19] As for the Second Preliminary Issue (_ie_ , whether PGN was
entitled to request the Arbitral Tribunal to open up, review and revise the
Adjudicator’s decision), the Majority Members answered this in the
negative.[note: 20] However, they also reserved PGN’s right “to commence an
arbitration to seek to revise the [Adjudicator’s] decision”.[note: 21]

15 On 26 November 2009, Prof Abdurrasyid issued a dissenting opinion.[note:
22] He emphasised that the Adjudicator had failed to apply Indonesian law,
which was the governing law of the Pipeline Contract, and had also awarded CRW
a sum of money in excess of the amount claimed (see also [71] below), which
was prohibited under Indonesian law. In Prof Abdurrasyid’s view, these factors
made a re-examination of the Adjudicator’s decision necessary. Further, it was
imperative to have a site visit “to understand the real and actual condition
of the [P]roject”.[note: 23]

16 Having secured the Final Award, CRW promptly applied (via Originating
Summons No 7 of 2010) for leave to enforce the Final Award in Singapore as
though it were a judgment of a Singapore court. On 7 January 2010, an order of
court to that effect (“the Enforcement Order”) was made. PGN, on its part,
filed separate applications to set aside the Enforcement Order and the Final
Award. The former application was adjourned pending the outcome of the latter
application.

The proceedings in the court below

The parties’ respective submissions before the Judge

17 At the hearing of its application to set aside the Final Award, PGN
submitted that the Final Award ought to be set aside under Arts
34(2)(a)(iii)–34(2)(a)(iv) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration adopted by the United Nations Commission on
International Trade Law on 21 June 1985 (“the Model Law”) and s 24(_b_) of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”). In
particular, it submitted that:

(a) The Majority Members exceeded their mandate and jurisdiction in converting
the Adjudicator’s decision into a final award without determining the merits
of the parties’ underlying dispute and/or without determining whether the
Adjudicator’s decision had been made in accordance with the provisions of the
Pipeline Contract (citing Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law).

(b) The arbitral procedure was not in accordance with what the parties had
agreed on, which required the merits of the underlying dispute and/or the
accordance (or otherwise) of the Adjudicator’s decision with the provisions of
the Pipeline Contract to be determined prior to the making of a final award
(citing Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law).

(c) The Majority Members’ refusal and/or failure to hear the parties on the
merits of the underlying dispute and/or the accordance of the Adjudicator’s
decision with the provisions of the Pipeline Contract constituted a breach of
the rules of natural justice (citing s 24(_b_) of the IAA).

(d) The Adjudicator’s decision was not made in accordance with the provisions
of the Pipeline Contract as the Adjudicator did not apply the governing law of
that contract (_viz_ , Indonesian law), and/or added new claims to the claims
originally submitted by CRW, thereby double-counting several claims which had
previously been settled.

18 We should add that the last of the aforementioned grounds of challenge to
the Final Award was briskly (and, in our view, rightly) rejected by the Judge
as being outside the scope of s 24(_b_) of the IAA and Art 34(2)(a) of the
Model Law (see [10] of the GD). This particular ground of challenge is no
longer in issue in the present appeal.

19 CRW, on its part, contended in the court below that PGN’s application to
set aside the Final Award was substantially an appeal on the merits of that
award, which was not permissible. It characterised the parties’ dispute on
whether PGN was obliged to make immediate payment of the sum of
US$17,298,834.57 as “a ‘second dispute’ between the parties” (see [4] of the
GD), and explained that it had commenced the Arbitration for the purpose of
resolving that second dispute (“the Second Dispute”) in accordance with the
1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract.[note: 24] Its Request for Arbitration, CRW
contended, was strictly limited to the Second Dispute, _ie_ , to the issue of
whether PGN was obliged to immediately comply with the Adjudicator’s decision.

The Judge’s decision

20 The Judge did not accept CRW’s main contention that PGN’s application to
set aside the Final Award was an appeal on the merits of the Majority Members’
decision. In her view, the issue was whether the Majority Members had
purported to exercise a power which they did not have under the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract in ordering PGN to make immediate payment of the sum of
US$17,298,834.57 to CRW (see [11] of the GD).

21 After a carefully considered analysis of cl 20 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions
of Contract, the Judge set aside the Final Award on the ground that the
Majority Members had exceeded the scope of the arbitration provisions in the
1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, namely, sub-cll 20.4–20.7 thereof
(collectively referred to hereafter as “the 1999 FIDIC Arbitration Provisions”
where appropriate). The Judge gave the following explanation for her decision
on this point:

(a) The Majority Members had issued a final award on the Second Dispute even
though that dispute had not been referred to the Adjudicator as required under
the 1999 FIDIC Arbitration Provisions (see [30]–[31] and [37] of the GD); and

(b) even if the Second Dispute was referable to arbitration, the 1999 FIDIC
Arbitration Provisions did not entitle the Arbitral Tribunal to make the
Adjudicator’s decision final without first hearing the parties on the merits
of that decision (see [33]–[37] of the GD).

22 Having decided in favour of PGN on the above ground (which is, in essence,
the ground set out in Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law), the Judge proceeded
to consider PGN’s submissions apropos Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law and s
24(_b_) of the IAA. She rejected PGN’s submissions on both of these provisions
– _ie_ , she allowed PGN’s application to set aside the Final Award based on
Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law alone.

23 Dissatisfied with the Judge’s decision to set aside the Final Award, CRW
filed the present appeal.

Issues arising in this appeal

24 The issues arising in this appeal are as follows:

(a) What was the Arbitral Tribunal appointed to decide in the Arbitration?
(This shall be referred to as “Issue 1”.)

(b) What is the structure of the dispute resolution procedure set out in the
1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract? (This shall be referred to as “Issue 2”.)

(c) Was the Final Award issued in accordance with sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999
FIDIC Conditions of Contract? (This shall be referred to as “Issue 3”.)

(d) If the answer to Issue 3 is “No”:

(i) did the Majority Members act in excess of their jurisdiction (“Issue 4”);
and

(ii) was there a breach of the rules of natural justice at the Arbitral
Hearing (“Issue 5”)?

(f) If the answer to Issue 4 and/or Issue 5 is “yes”, should the court
exercise its residual discretion to refuse to set aside the Final Award? (This
shall be referred to as “Issue 6”.)

Before we proceed to analyse these issues, we shall first outline the relevant
legal principles apropos the court’s discretionary power to set aside
international arbitral awards (referred to hereafter as “arbitral awards”
_simpliciter_ for short).

The court’s discretionary power to set aside arbitral awards

Overview

25 The court’s power to set aside an arbitral award is limited to setting
aside based on the grounds provided under Art 34 of the Model Law and s 24 of
the IAA. As declared by this court in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount
Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”) at [59], the
current legal framework prescribes that the courts should not without good
reason interfere in the arbitral process. This policy of minimal curial
intervention by respecting finality in the arbitral process acknowledges the
primacy which ought to be given to the dispute resolution mechanism that the
parties have expressly chosen.

26 However, it has also been said (correctly) that no State will permit a
binding arbitral award to be given or enforced within its territory without
being able to review the award, or, at least, without allowing the parties an
opportunity to address the court if there has been a violation of due process
or other irregularities in the arbitral proceedings (see Peter Binder,
_International Commercial Arbitration and Conciliation in UNCITRAL Model Law
Jurisdictions_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2010) at para 7-001).

27 While the Singapore courts infrequently exercise their power to set aside
arbitral awards, they will unhesitatingly do so if a statutorily prescribed
ground for setting aside an arbitral award is clearly established. The
relevant grounds in this regard can be classified into three broad categories
(see generally Nigel Blackaby _et al_ , _Redfern and Hunter on International
Arbitration_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009) (“ _Redfern and Hunter_
”) at paras 10.30–10.86). First, an award may be challenged on jurisdictional
grounds (_ie_ , the non-existence of a valid and binding arbitration clause,
or other grounds that go to the adjudicability of the claim determined by the
arbitral tribunal). Second, an award may be challenged on procedural grounds
(_eg_ , failure to give proper notice of the appointment of an arbitrator),
and, third, the award may be challenged on substantive grounds (_eg_ , breach
of the public policy of the place of arbitration).

The grounds for setting aside in the present case

28 As stated at [22] above, in the court below, the Judge set aside the Final
Award pursuant to Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law only, relying on the
specific ground that the Majority Members had exceeded their jurisdiction. She
rejected PGN’s arguments that the Final Award could also be set aside based on
Art 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law and s 24(_b_) of the IAA. In this appeal,
PGN does not dispute the Judge’s decision to reject its submissions on Art
34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law. Accordingly, we are concerned only with the
applicability of Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law and s 24(_b_) of the IAA.

Setting aside based on excess of jurisdiction: Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law

29 Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law states:

An arbitral award may be set aside by the court … only if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

…

(iii) _the award deals with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling
within the terms of the submission to arbitration, or contains decisions on
matters beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration, provided that, if
the decisions on matters submitted to arbitration can be separated from those
not so submitted, only that part of the award which contains decisions on
matters not submitted to arbitration may be set aside_ …

[emphasis added]

30 In _PT Asuransi Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
597, this court held (at [44]) that the court had to adopt a two-stage enquiry
in assessing whether an arbitral award ought to be set aside under Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. Specifically, it had to determine:

(a) first, what matters were within the scope of submission to the arbitral
tribunal; and

(b) second, whether the arbitral award involved such matters, or whether it
involved “a new difference … outside the scope of the submission to
arbitration and accordingly … _irrelevant to the issues requiring
determination_ ” [emphasis in original] (at [40]).

31 It is useful, at this juncture, to set out some of the legal principles
underlying the application of Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. First, Art
34(2)(a)(iii) is not concerned with the situation where an arbitral tribunal
did not have jurisdiction to deal with the dispute which it purported to
determine. Rather, it applies where the arbitral tribunal improperly decided
matters that had not been submitted to it or failed to decide matters that had
been submitted to it. In other words, Art 34(2)(a)(iii) addresses the
situation where the arbitral tribunal exceeded (or failed to exercise) the
authority that the parties granted to it (see Gary B Born, _International
Commercial Arbitration_ (Wolters Kluwer, 2009) at vol 2, pp 2606–2607 and
2798–2799). This ground for setting aside an arbitral award covers only an
arbitral tribunal’s substantive jurisdiction and does not extend to procedural
matters (see Robert Merkin & Johanna Hjalmarsson, _Singapore Arbitration
Legislation Annotated_ (Informa, 2009) (“ _Singapore Arbitration Legislation_
”) at p 117).

32 Second, it must be noted that a failure by an arbitral tribunal to deal
with _every_ issue referred to it will _not_ ordinarily render its arbitral
award liable to be set aside. The crucial question in every case is whether
there has been real or actual prejudice to either (or both) of the parties to
the dispute. In this regard, the following passage in _Redfern and Hunter_ (at
para 10.40) correctly summarises the position:

_The significance of the issues that were not dealt with has to be considered
in relation to the award as a whole_. For example, it is not difficult to
envisage a situation in which the issues that were overlooked were of such
importance that, if they had been dealt with, the whole balance of the award
would have been altered and its effect would have been different. [emphasis
added]

33 Third, it is trite that mere errors of law or even fact are not sufficient
to warrant setting aside an arbitral award under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law (see _Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte)
Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1 at [19]–[22]). In the House of Lords decision of _Lesotho
Highlands Development Authority v Impregilo SpA and others_ [2006] 1 AC 221,
which concerned an application to set aside an arbitral award on the ground of
the arbitral tribunal’s “exceeding its powers” (see s 68(2)(b) of the
Arbitration Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) (“the UK Arbitration Act”)), Lord Steyn made
clear (at [24]–[25]) the vital distinction between the erroneous exercise by
an arbitral tribunal of an available power vested in it (which would amount to
no more than a mere error of law) and the purported exercise by the arbitral
tribunal of a power which it did not possess. Only in the latter situation,
his Lordship stated, would an arbitral award be liable to be set aside under s
68(2)(b) of the UK Arbitration Act on the ground that the arbitral tribunal
had exceeded its powers. In a similar vein, Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law
applies where an arbitral tribunal exceeds its authority by deciding matters
beyond its ambit of reference or fails to exercise the authority conferred on
it by failing to decide the matters submitted to it, which in turn prejudices
either or both of the parties to the dispute (see above at [31]).

34 Based on the above principles, the challenge under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the
Model Law to the Final Award in the present case involves the determination
of:

(a) whether the Majority Members had the power under the TOR – in particular,
under sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, which forms part
of the TOR (see [12] above) – to issue the Final Award without opening up,
reviewing and revising the Adjudicator’s decision; and

(b) if the Majority Members did not have such power, whether their conduct in
acting in excess of their jurisdiction caused real or actual prejudice to PGN.

Setting aside based on breach of the rules of natural justice: Section 24(b)
of the IAA

35 Section 24(_b_) of the IAA provides that notwithstanding Art 34(1) of the
Model Law, an arbitral award can be set aside if a breach of the rules of
natural justice occurred in connection with the making of the award, by which
the rights of any party have been prejudiced. In this regard, Art 18 of the
Model Law provides that the parties to an arbitration shall be treated with
equality and each party shall be given a full opportunity of presenting his
case.

36 As noted in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [63], the appointed arbitrator will usually
be an expert in the field of law and/or trade that is the subject of dispute,
and the parties intend to rely on his expertise to obtain a sound and
expeditious decision. The courts, therefore, must not blindly and/or
mechanically apply the rules of natural justice so as to require every
conclusion that the arbitrator intends to make to be put to or raised with the
parties (see also David Joseph, _Jurisdiction and Arbitration Agreements and
their Enforcement_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2010) at para 16.28). As stated
in _Singapore Arbitration Legislation_ at p 65, a mere failure by an
arbitrator to act as efficiently as he might or a minor divergence from the
procedural rules established by the parties is not of itself sufficient to
justify a remedy for breach of the rules of natural justice. An arbitrator is
perfectly entitled to adhere to procedural rules agreed to by the parties or
adopted by the arbitrator himself _within his powers_.

37 To set aside an arbitral award under s 24(_b_) of the IAA, the court has to
be satisfied, first, that the arbitral tribunal breached a rule of natural
justice in making the arbitral award. Second, and more importantly, the court
must then be satisfied that the breach of natural justice caused _actual or
real prejudice_ to the party challenging the award. In other words, the breach
of the rules of natural justice must have actually altered the final outcome
of the arbitral proceedings in some meaningful way before curial intervention
is warranted. Where the same result could or would ultimately have ensued even
if the arbitrator had acted properly, there would be no basis for setting
aside the arbitral award in question (see _Soh Beng Tee_ at [29] and
[82]–[91]).

38 As in the preceding section _vis-à-vis_ challenging the Final Award based
on Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law (see [34] above), the pertinent
questions where challenging the Final Award based on s 24(_b_) of the IAA is
concerned are: (a) whether the Majority Members breached any rule of natural
justice in making the Final Award without opening up, reviewing and revising
the Adjudicator’s decision; and, (b) if they did commit such a breach, whether
the breach caused actual or real prejudice to PGN.

39 Having set out the broad legal principles above, we can now turn to analyse
the issues which we have identified (at [24] above) as being the relevant
issues in this appeal.

Issue 1: The matters which the Arbitral Tribunal was appointed to decide

40 We begin with Issue 1, _viz_ , the issue of what matters the Arbitral
Tribunal was appointed to decide in the Arbitration.

41 As mentioned at [9] above, CRW filed its Request for Arbitration pursuant
to sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract. However, it expressly
stated in its Request for Arbitration that the ambit of the Arbitration was
“limited to giving prompt effect to the [Adjudicator’s] [d]ecision”,[note: 25]
and framed the issue to be decided by the Arbitral Tribunal as follows:[note:
26]

13.[CRW] seeks arbitration in relation to [PGN]’s failure to give effect to
the [Adjudicator’s] [d]ecision dated 25 November 2008[,] which decision is
binding on [CRW] and [PGN], whereby [PGN] has failed to perform payment
amounting to US$17,298,834.57 (seventeen million two hundred ninety eight
thousand eight hundred thirty four United States Dollars and fifty seven
cents) to [CRW].

14. _This request for arbitration shall be limited to giving prompt effect to the [Adjudicator’s] [d]ecision dated 25 November 2008 in which instance shall be the fulfillment of [PGN’s] obligation to perform payment of the US$17,298,834.57 (seventeen million two hundred ninety eight thousand eight hundred thirty four United States Dollars and fifty seven cents) to [CRW]_.

15.As the request for arbitration is limited to giving prompt effect to the
[Adjudicator’s] decision dated 25 November 2008[,] hence we propose that the
[A]rbitration be performed pursuant to the Document Only Arbitration Method.

[emphasis added]

42 PGN firmly rejected CRW’s position in its Answer to Request for
Arbitration. PGN submitted, _inter alia_ , that it had no obligation to pay
the US$17,298,834.57 awarded by the Adjudicator because it had validly
submitted a NOD, which rendered the Adjudicator’s decision “not yet final and
binding”.[note: 27] PGN contended that, therefore, the Arbitral Tribunal ought
to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision, as well as hear the
relevant witnesses and experts to obtain actual information and evidence
pertinent to the parties’ dispute in accordance with sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999
FIDIC Conditions of Contract.[note: 28] It emphatically stated that the
Arbitral Tribunal “[could] not and [should] not deliberate the current dispute
merely based on [the Adjudicator’s] [d]ecision”.[note: 29]

43 Subsequent to the directions given by the Arbitral Tribunal on 4 June 2009
(see [11] above), the parties signed the TOR on 17 June 2009 (see [12] above).
The TOR stated clearly that the Arbitration was commenced pursuant to sub-cl
20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract. Further, it is plain that under
the TOR, the Arbitral Tribunal was, by the parties’ consent, conferred an
unfettered discretion to reopen and review each and every finding by the
Adjudicator. In other words, the Arbitral Tribunal was appointed to decide not
only whether CRW was entitled to immediate payment of the sum of
US$17,298,834.57 (_viz_ , the First Preliminary Issue defined at [11] above),
but also “any additional issues of fact or law which the Arbitral Tribunal, in
its own discretion, [might] deem necessary to decide for the purpose of
rendering its arbitral award”.[note: 30] With this crucial factual backdrop in
mind, we now turn to consider Issue 2, _viz_ , the structure of the dispute
resolution procedure prescribed in the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract.

Issue 2: The dispute resolution procedure under the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract

44 The dispute between the parties centred on the construction of the dispute
resolution provisions in the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, in particular,
on sub-cll 20.4–20.7 thereof (_viz_ , the 1999 FIDIC Arbitration Provisions
defined at [21] above). These sub-clauses outline the process of referring a
dispute to a DAB and, subsequently (where applicable), to arbitration as
follows:

20.4 Obtaining [DAB]’s Decision

If a dispute (of any kind whatsoever) arises between the Parties in connection
with, or arising out of, the Contract or the execution of the Works, including
any dispute as to any certificate, determination, instruction, opinion or
valuation of the Engineer, either Party may refer the dispute in writing to
the DAB for its decision, with copies to the other Party and the Engineer.
Such reference shall state that it is given under this Sub-Clause.

…

Within 84 days after receiving such reference, or within such other period as
may be proposed by the DAB and approved by both Parties, the DAB shall give
its decision, which shall be reasoned and shall state that it is given under
this Sub-Clause. **_The decision shall be binding on both Parties, who shall
promptly give effect to it unless and until it shall be revised in an amicable
settlement or an arbitral award as described below_**. Unless the Contract has
already been abandoned, repudiated or terminated, the Contractor shall
continue to proceed with the Works in accordance with the Contract.

If either Party is dissatisfied with the DAB’s decision, then either Party
may, within 28 days after receiving the decision, give notice to the other
Party of its dissatisfaction. If the DAB fails to give its decision within the
period of 84 days (or as otherwise approved) after receiving such reference,
then either Party may, within 28 days after this period has expired, give
notice to the other Party of its dissatisfaction.

In either event, this notice of dissatisfaction shall state that it is given
under this Sub-Clause, and shall set out the matter in dispute and the
reason(s) for dissatisfaction. Except as stated in Sub-Clause 20.7 [_Failure
to Comply with [DAB]’s Decision_] and Sub-Clause 20.8 [_Expiry of [DAB]’s
Appointment_] neither Party shall be entitled to commence arbitration of a
dispute unless a notice of dissatisfaction has been given in accordance with
this Sub-Clause.

If the DAB has given its decision as to a matter in dispute to both Parties,
and no notice of dissatisfaction has been given by either Party within 28 days
after it received the DAB’s decision, then the decision shall become final and
binding upon both Parties.

20.5 Amicable Settlement

Where notice of dissatisfaction has been given under Sub-Clause 20.4 above,
both Parties shall attempt to settle the dispute amicably before the
commencement of arbitration. However, unless both Parties agree otherwise,
arbitration may be commenced on or after the fifty-sixth day after the day on
which notice of dissatisfaction was given, even if no attempt at amicable
settlement has been made.

20.6 Arbitration

Unless settled amicably, any dispute in respect of which the DAB’s decision
(if any) has not become final and binding **_shall be finally settled by
international arbitration_**. Unless otherwise agreed by both Parties:

(a)the dispute shall be finally settled under the [ICC] Rules of Arbitration
…,

(b)the dispute shall be settled by three arbitrators appointed in accordance
with these Rules, and

(c)the arbitration shall be conducted in the language for communications
defined in Sub-Clause 1.4 [_Law and Language_].

**_The arbitrator(s) shall have full power to open up, review and revise any
certificate, determination, instruction, opinion or valuation of the Engineer,
and any decision of the DAB, relevant to the dispute_**. Nothing shall
disqualify the Engineer from being called as a witness and giving evidence
before the arbitrator(s) on any matter whatsoever relevant to the dispute.

**_Neither Party shall be limited in the proceedings before the arbitrator(s)
to the evidence or arguments previously put before the DAB to obtain its
decision, or to the reasons for dissatisfaction given in its notice of
dissatisfaction_**. Any decision of the DAB shall be admissible in evidence in
the arbitration.

…

20.7 Failure to Comply with [DAB]’s Decision

In the event that:

(a)neither Party has given notice of dissatisfaction within the period stated
in Sub-Clause 20.4 [_Obtaining [DAB]’s Decision_],

(b)the DAB’s related decision (if any) has become final and binding, and

(c)a Party fails to comply with this decision,

then the other Party may, without prejudice to any other rights it may have,
refer the failure itself to arbitration under Sub-Clause 20.6 [_Arbitration_].
Sub-Clause 20.4 [_Obtaining [DAB]’s Decision_] and Sub-Clause 20.5 [_Amicable
Settlement_] shall not apply to this reference.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

45 It can be seen from the foregoing that the dispute resolution procedure
under the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract envisages a dispute being referred
to a DAB first, with arbitration being resorted to only if there is
dissatisfaction with the DAB’s decision which the parties are unable to
resolve amicably. Accordingly, in the analysis which follows, we shall
consider dispute resolution by a DAB first, before turning to dispute
resolution by arbitration.

Dispute resolution by a DAB

The character of a DAB

46 In Cyril Chern, _Chern on Dispute Boards: Practice and Procedure_
(Blackwell Publishing, 2008) (“ _Chern_ ”), the general nature of a DAB is
succinctly summarised (at p 2) thus:

A dispute board is a ‘job-site’ dispute adjudication process, typically
comprising three independent and impartial persons selected by the contracting
parties. The significant difference between dispute boards and most other
alternative dispute review techniques ... is that the dispute board is
appointed at the commencement of a project _before_ any disputes arise, and by
undertaking regular visits to the site[,] it is actively involved throughout
the project (and possibly any agreed period thereafter). [emphasis in
original]

47 _Chern_ elaborates (at p 192) on the inquisitorial nature of a hearing
conducted by a DAB:

Dispute boards are slightly different [from courts] in that the normal rules
of evidence do not generally apply. Indeed, dispute boards operate from a
different principle in that … dispute boards are not based upon any principle
of fairness in the presentation of evidence. While it is true that the vast
majority of dispute board chairs follow the niceties of listening patiently to
the parties and witnesses and allowing most documents to be presented, i.e.
giving the parties a ‘fair shake’ in presenting their evidence, _the fact
remains that dispute boards are not courts – they are inquisitorial by
contractual agreement. This allows the dispute board to actually go out and
obtain its own evidence, if necessary, to make its decisions or
determinations. In this regard the dispute board chair usually determines in
what order the witnesses should proceed after being presented with a
‘proposed’ list of witnesses and evidence to be adduced_. Evidence is handled,
in most cases, in a similar fashion to an arbitration proceeding or a court
proceeding, however, in that the party proposing that some document be shown
to the dispute board should first share it with the other party, and if
possible, obtain [the latter’s] consent to that document being used as a piece
of evidence. Once this document (or piece of evidence) has been shown to the
other party, either during or before the hearing commences, the party offering
it should give it a number for ease of reference and present it to the dispute
board for … inclusion in the group of exhibits [for] the hearing. [emphasis
added]

48 In short, the DAB is not bound by any fixed rules of procedure, and is able
to adopt the most appropriate method in making its determination (such as
conducting a hearing or undertaking an inquisitorial process), subject to the
general requirements of: (a) acting fairly and reasonably; and (b) giving each
party a reasonable opportunity to advance its case and to respond to the other
party’s case. Indeed, the DAB may even do without an oral hearing if it
believes that such a hearing is unnecessary, unless one or both of the parties
request for it (see Susanne Kratzsch, “ICC Dispute Resolution Rules: ICC
dispute boards and ICC Pre-Arbitral Referees” (2010) 26 Constr LJ 87 at p 94).

The status of a DAB decision

49 In the present case, the status or effect of a DAB decision under the 1999
FIDIC Conditions of Contract formed the crux of the dispute in the
Arbitration. Sub-clause 20.4 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract provides
that a decision of a DAB shall be “binding” on the parties, who shall
“promptly give effect to it unless and until it shall be revised in an
amicable settlement or an arbitral award”.

50 _Chern_ remarks (at p 5) that a DAB decision has _interim binding effect_ ,
as opposed to a decision of a dispute _review_ board, which only serves as a
non-binding recommendation. According to _Chern_ (likewise at p 5):

_[T]he interim-binding decision [of a DAB] has meaning in that the [DAB]’s
decision is contractually to be implemented immediately – even if one or other
party is unhappy. Thus the “losing ‘party’ will be in breach of contract if it
does not pay/grant time in accordance with the [DAB] decision_. [emphasis
added]

While it is generally accepted that a DAB decision has interim binding effect,
the mode of enforcing such a binding decision has been the subject of much
debate and, unsurprisingly, no little controversy. In Ugo Draetta, “Dispute
Resolution in International Construction-Linked Contracts” (2011) 1 IBLJ 69,
the author assesses the effect of a DAB decision as follows (at p 80):

The members of a Dispute Board [which, in the context of this quote, may be
either a DAB or a dispute review board] are not arbitrators. _Neither their
recommendations, even when they eventually become contractually binding, nor
their decisions have the nature of arbitral awards as they cannot be enforced
as such according to the 1958 New York Convention_ [_ie_ , the Convention on
the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards adopted in New York
on 10 June 1958 by the United Nations Conference on International Commercial
Arbitration at its twenty-fourth meeting]. A clause contemplating a dispute
board cannot thus be conceived as the only dispute resolution clause in a
construction contract, without providing for … recourse to arbitration (or to
ordinary jurisdiction). [emphasis added]

51 A binding decision is one that has an obligatory effect. The terms
“binding” and “final” are not synonymous. A binding decision is not invariably
a final one. A final decision is, in essence, one that is unalterable and not
open to further review. Where a DAB decision is concerned, the decision
remains binding and has contractual force even if a NOD is filed. But, the
decision is not conferred the status of a final decision. It does not have the
status of finality that an arbitral award has under the Convention on the
Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards adopted in New York on
10 June 1958 by the United Nations Conference on International Commercial
Arbitration at its twenty-fourth meeting (“the New York Convention”). _Vis-à-
vis_ arbitral awards to which the New York Convention applies, our courts have
little choice but to recognise and enforce such awards unless one or more of
the grounds prescribed in Art V of the New York Convention for refusing to
recognise and enforce an arbitral award exist (see ss 29 and 31 of the IAA).
In contrast, a DAB decision is not a final award or decision in the
conventional sense as the entire underlying dispute which gave rise to the
decision can be reheard if and when it is referred to arbitration pursuant to
the scheme set out in the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract.

52 Since there is no treaty or legislation based on which a DAB decision may
be enforced, any avenue of enforcement of a DAB decision is dependent on the
terms of the contract between the parties (see Doug Jones, “Dealing with
Multi-Tiered Dispute Resolution Process” (2009) 75 Arbitration 188 at pp
193–194). In the present case, CRW sought to rely on sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999
FIDIC Conditions of Contract to enforce the Adjudicator’s decision by
commencing the Arbitration for the sole purpose of giving prompt effect to
that decision. The crucial question is whether, under sub-cl 20.6, the
Majority Members could issue a _final_ award without first considering the
merits of PGN’s NOD by opening up, reviewing and revising the merits of the
Adjudicator’s decision. This requires a consideration of the arbitration
regime set out in the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, to which we now turn.

Arbitration under the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract

53 Sub-clause 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract provides that any
DAB decision which has not become final and binding “shall be **_finally_**
_settled by international arbitration_ ” [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]. It further provides that neither party shall be limited in the
arbitral proceedings to the evidence or arguments previously presented to the
DAB or to the reasons for dissatisfaction stated in the NOD filed. Prof Nael G
Bunni (“Prof Bunni”), a leading arbitrator in international dispute resolution
concerning construction disputes, has written an authoritative commentary,
“The Gap in Sub-Clause 20.7 of the 1999 FIDIC Contracts for Major Works”
[2005] ICLR 272 (“Prof Bunni’s article”), in which he argues (at p 280) that
since the parties to an arbitration under sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract can make new submissions before the arbitral tribunal,
the case presented to the arbitral tribunal could be an entirely different one
from that examined by the DAB. Prof Bunni suggests, therefore, that sub-cl
20.6 is “not intended to be an appeal but a fresh submission that would lead
to a new case” (at p 280), with the arbitral tribunal discharging not an
appellate or confirmatory role, but a fresh adjudicatory role in the new case
presented to it. However, Prof Bunni also maintains (correctly, in our view)
that pending the arbitral tribunal’s adjudication, there should be compliance
with the DAB decision.

54 A similar view has been cogently expressed in Ellis Baker _et al_ , _FIDIC
Contracts: Law and Practice_ (Informa, 2009) as follows:

9.214 _Arbitration of the dispute is not an appeal on the DAB’s decision but a
rehearing of the dispute_. In this context, the _FIDIC Guide_ , however, notes
that “Arbitrator(s) may regard a well-reasoned decision as persuasive,
especially if it was given by a DAB with direct knowledge of how a Party was
affected by the event or circumstance relevant to the dispute”.

9.215 The second paragraph of Sub-Clause 20.6 … grants the arbitral tribunal
the “full power to open up, review and revise any certificate, determination,
instruction, opinion and valuation of the [contract administrator], and any
decision of the [DAB …] relevant to the dispute”. _It therefore follows that
the arbitral tribunal has the power to revise, not only the decision of the
DAB which is the subject of the notice of dissatisfaction, but other decisions
of [the] DAB provided th[ey] are “relevant to the dispute”. Although not
stated expressly, it is suggested that the arbitral tribunal may not revise
any decision of the DAB which has become final and binding upon both Parties_.

9.216 It is frequently the case that the respondent party in an arbitration
may wish to include counterclaims. Counterclaims are permitted by the ICC
Rules [of Arbitration]. It is, however, suggested that the dispute to which
the counterclaim relates must first have been referred to the DAB and that the
counterclaim relates either to the enforcement of the decision of the DAB on
that dispute under Sub-Clause 20.7 … or notice of dissatisfaction has been
given in relation to that decision, the period for amicable settlement under
Sub-Clause 20.5 … has elapsed, and the counterclaim is advanced in the
arbitration by way of a rehearing of that decision of the DAB under Sub-Clause
20.6 …

[emphasis added]

55 Where a DAB decision is not challenged within the prescribed time period of
28 days provided for in sub-cl 20.4 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract,
it becomes _final and binding_ on the parties. In such a situation, pursuant
to sub-cl 20.7 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, non-compliance with
the DAB decision can be referred to arbitration for the sole purpose of
enforcement. As stated in Jeremy Glover & Simon Hughes, _Understanding the New
FIDIC Red Book: A Clause-by-Clause Commentary_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006) (“
_Understanding the New FIDIC Red Book_ ”) at para 20-053:

Where a decision of the DAB has not been complied with and no notice of
dissatisfaction [has been] served, the other party is entitled to arbitrate
and need not attempt an amicable settlement. This provision gives force to the
DAB. It is envisaged that arbitration proceedings commenced for the
enforcement of a DAB decision will be relatively quick. The arbitrator will be
asked, in effect, to give summary judgment to enforce that DAB decision.

In situations, however, where a notice of dissatisfaction has been served by a
party and that party also refuses to comply with the DAB’s decision (contrary
to the clear provisions of cl. 20.4) then there appears to be a gap in cl.
20.7, as first identified by Professor Nael Bunni [see Prof Bunni’s article
at, _inter alia_ , p 272].

_Sub-clause 20.7 only deals with the situation where both parties are
satisfied with the DAB decision. If not (i.e. if a Notice of Dissatisfaction
has been served) then there is no immediate recourse for the aggrieved party
to ensure the DAB decision can be enforced_.

[emphasis added]

56 Prof Bunni’s article penetratingly analyses the situation where a DAB
decision has not become final and binding, and the party against whom the
decision was made fails to comply with it (this is the “gap” which is the
subject matter of that article). Prof Bunni’s article points out (at p 276)
that in such a case, there is no remedy offered by cl 20 of the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract, other than that of treating the non-compliant party as
being in breach of contract and, accordingly, liable for damages. The drawback
of this method of recourse is that the DAB decision becomes of little
immediate value. Sub-clause 20.7 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract is
of no assistance to the aggrieved party in this scenario (_ie_ , where there
is non-compliance with a binding but non-final DAB decision) as it applies
only to DAB decisions which have become final and binding.

57 Both Prof Bunni and the learned authors of _Understanding the New FIDIC Red
Book_ did not consider the decision in ICC International Court of Arbitration
Case No 10619 (“ICC Case No 10619”), which, although rendered in 2001, was
published only in 2008. In ICC Case No 10619, the claimant contractor entered
into two separate contracts with the respondent employer for the construction
of roads. The contracts incorporated the provisions set out in FIDIC’s
_Conditions of Contract for Works of Civil Engineering Construction_ (4th Ed,
1987) (“the 1987 FIDIC Red Book”). The engineer made certain decisions
ordering payment by the employer to the contractor, but the employer did not
comply with those decisions. Subsequently, the contractor filed a Request for
Arbitration with the ICC International Court of Arbitration pursuant to cl 67
of the 1987 FIDIC Red Book. The contractor claimed damages based on several
complaints, including the employer’s failure to grant funding for the project
and possession of the site, as well as the employer’s “failure to give effect
to [the] Engineer’s decision[s] pursuant to sub-clause 67.1 of the [1987 FIDIC
Red Book]” (see para 4(e) of the interim award made in ICC Case No 10619). It
should be noted that prior to filing its Request for Arbitration, the
contractor had also issued a NOD in respect of the engineer’s decisions (_ie_
, the contractor, although dissatisfied with the engineer’s decisions, was at
the same time seeking to enforce those decisions).

58 The relevant portion of sub-cl 67.1 of the 1987 FIDIC Red Book provides
that:

… [T]he Contractor and the Employer shall give effect forthwith to every such
decision of the Engineer unless and until the same shall be revised … in an
amicable settlement or an arbitral award.

59 After the contractor’s Request for Arbitration and the employer’s Answer to
Request for Arbitration were filed, the contractor declared its intention to
request the arbitral tribunal to render an interim award to the following
effect (see para 6 of the interim award made in ICC Case No 10619):

(i) declaring that the [employer] must give effect to the Engineer’s
Decision[s] pursuant to sub-clause 67.1 [of the 1987 FIDIC Red Book]
regardless of the pending arbitration, and (ii) ordering the [employer] to
immediately pay the amounts determined by the Engineer as an advance payment
of any further payment which would result [_sic_] due by the [employer]
pursuant to the final award.

60 The arbitral tribunal granted an _interim award_ in respect of two of the
engineer’s decisions on the ground that this was simply a matter of contract
law (it rejected, however, the contractor’s request for an interim award in
respect of two other decisions of the engineer on the ground that those
decisions had been rendered out of time). The arbitral tribunal explained its
decision as follows in the interim award:

22\. The question now arises as to whether and on what legal basis this
Tribunal may adjudicate the present dispute by an interim award.

This point can be easily exhausted. If the … Engineer’s decision[s] have an
immediate binding effect on the parties so that the mere fact that any party
does not comply with them forthwith is deemed a breach of contract,
notwithstanding the possibility that at the end they may be revised or set
aside in arbitration or by a further agreement to the contrary, _there is no
reason why in the face of such a breach the Arbitral Tribunal should refrain
from an immediate judgment giving the Engineer’s decisions their full force
and effect. This simply is the law of the contract_.

…

27\. Finally, whereas according to [sub-cl] 67.1 of the [1987] FIDIC [Red
Book], the Engineer’s decisions shall have an _immediate binding effect_ , the
Arbitral Tribunal holds that _provisional_ enforcement of this award must be
ordered.

**The Award**

…

_The rights of the parties as to the merits of their [respective] case[s],
including but not limited to the final and binding effect of the Engineer’s
decisions[,] are reserved until the final Award of this Tribunal_.

[emphasis added]

61 The arbitral tribunal in ICC Case No 10619 thus astutely made it clear that
enforcing the engineer’s decisions by way of an interim award would not
prejudice the employer’s right to argue later in the _same_ arbitration that
those decisions were wrong and that the corresponding amounts which the
engineer had ordered to be paid to the contractor should be repaid to the
employer. The arbitral tribunal subsequently released a final award which
examined fully the merits of the parties’ dispute.

62 In Christopher R Seppälä, “Enforcement by an Arbitral Award of a Binding
but not Final Engineer’s or DAB’s decision under the FIDIC Conditions” [2009]
ICLR 414 (“Seppälä’s article”), the author suggests (at p 424) that the
arbitral tribunal in ICC Case No 10619:

… perfectly understood the way clause 67 of the [1987 FIDIC Red Book] is to
function and its decision to order payment of the engineer’s decisions by way
of an interim award, notwithstanding the contractor’s earlier notice of
dissatisfaction, accords fully with the intention of clause 67.

The author argues (at p 426) that the same result should be reached in the
case of a DAB decision under cl 20 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract
because the relevant language of that clause is essentially the same as that
of cl 67 of the 1987 FIDIC Red Book.

63 Accordingly, Seppälä’s article suggests (correctly, in our view) that even
if either party has issued a NOD with respect to a DAB decision pursuant to
sub-cl 20.4 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, each party is bound to
give effect to that decision (which will be binding but non-final by virtue of
the NOD(s) issued), and if that decision calls for payment to be made by one
party to the other, then the decision should be enforceable directly by an
interim or partial award pursuant to the ICC Rules of Arbitration. Further, as
stated at para 9.220 of _FIDIC Contracts: Law and Practice_ , while a party
has no express right to refer to arbitration the failure of the other party to
comply with a DAB decision where a NOD has been given by either party (_ie_ ,
where the DAB decision in question has not become final and binding), a party
may include (in an arbitration commenced under sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC
Conditions of Contract) a claim for an interim award to enforce the DAB
decision pending the final resolution of the dispute by the arbitral tribunal.

64 Subsequent to the publication of the decision in ICC Case No 10619, the
Dispute Board Federation, an organisation founded to promote the use of
dispute boards as a means of dispute avoidance on large infrastructure
projects in developing countries,[note: 31] published on its website a special
edition of its newsletter dated September 2010 (“the September 2010 DBF
newsletter”) highlighting another recent decision of the ICC International
Court of Arbitration.[note: 32] In that decision, the arbitral tribunal was
concerned with the enforcement of two binding but non-final DAB decisions
rendered under a slightly amended version of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract. The DAB decisions were effectively obtained _ex parte_ by the
contractor in its favour as the employer had continually refused to
participate in any stage of the DAB process. The employer then served a notice
of dissatisfaction against the DAB decisions and proceeded to refer its own
disputes to arbitration. The contractor counterclaimed for damages by relying
on the DAB decisions and applied for bifurcation of the arbitral proceedings,
seeking a partial award that, _inter alia_ , the DAB decisions were binding
and enforceable against the employer. (The contractor sought a _partial_ award
instead of an _interim_ award because the former was considered to be more
straightforward than the latter where enforcement in the courts of the
employer’s jurisdiction was concerned.)

65 The arbitral tribunal agreed with the contractor’s primary argument that
the DAB decisions were enforceable under a _partial_ award. In reaching that
conclusion, the arbitral tribunal made it very clear that the subject matter
of the DAB decisions could be opened up, reviewed and revised by the arbitral
tribunal subsequently in the _same_ arbitration in accordance with the express
power to do so as granted by sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract.

66 In the light of the foregoing, it seems quite plain to us that a reference
to arbitration under sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract in
respect of a binding but non-final DAB decision is clearly in the form of a
rehearing so that the entirety of the parties’ dispute(s) can _finally_ be
resolved afresh. While there is a theoretical gap in the immediate
enforceability of such a DAB decision under the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract, both ICC Case No 10619 and the case mentioned in the September 2010
DBF newsletter suggest that the practical response is for the successful party
in the DAB proceedings to secure an interim or partial award from the arbitral
tribunal in respect of the DAB decision pending the consideration of the
merits of the parties’ dispute(s) in the same arbitration.

67 In addition, we note an important point which was not considered in the
court below. Where a NOD has been validly filed against a DAB decision by one
or both of the parties, and either or both of the parties fail to comply with
that decision (which, by virtue of the NOD(s) filed, will be binding but non-
final), sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract requires the
parties to finally settle their differences in the _same_ arbitration, both in
respect of the non-compliance with the DAB decision and in respect of the
merits of that decision. In other words, sub-cl 20.6 contemplates a single
arbitration where all the existing differences between the parties arising
from the DAB decision concerned will be resolved. The respondent to the
proceedings may raise the issues which it wishes the arbitral tribunal to
consider either in its defence and or in the form of a counterclaim. There is
no particular doctrine or rule that the respondent can only dispute a binding
but non-final DAB decision by way of a counterclaim. Even if both parties were
to file NODs in respect of the DAB decision, all the disputes have to be
resolved in one consolidated arbitration.

68 This observation is consistent with the plain phraseology of sub-cl 20.6,
which requires the parties’ dispute in respect of any binding DAB decision
which has yet to become final to be “finally settled by international
arbitration”. Sub-clause 20.6 clearly does not provide for separate
proceedings to be brought by the parties before different arbitral panels even
if each party is dissatisfied with the same DAB decision for different
reasons.

Issue 3: Whether the Final Award was issued in accordance with sub-clause 20.6
of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract

69 We move on now to Issue 3, _viz_ , whether the Final Award was issued in
accordance with sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract. This
turns on whether the Majority Members had the power to issue the Final Award
without opening up, reviewing and revising the Adjudicator’s decision (see
[34] and [52] above).

The parties’ arguments before the Arbitral Tribunal

70 In its memorial dated 13 July 2009, CRW argued that PGN was not entitled to
request the Arbitral Tribunal to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s
decision. It submitted that the scope of the Arbitration was limited to giving
prompt effect to the Adjudicator’s decision as reflected in its Request for
Arbitration (see above at [9]). As PGN had not submitted a counterclaim, its
request to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision should be
rejected.[note: 33] We should also point out that CRW initially challenged the
validity of PGN’s NOD on the basis that it had not been properly
submitted.[note: 34] However, at the commencement of the Arbitral Hearing, CRW
retracted that objection.

71 In contrast to the position taken by CRW, PGN, in its memorial dated 10
July 2009, set out in a detailed manner the Arbitral Tribunal’s power to: (a)
open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision; (b) hear the relevant
witnesses and experts in order to obtain actual information and material
evidence; and (c) independently determine the actual payment that either party
had to make to the other.[note: 35] PGN elaborated at length on the alleged
errors in the Adjudicator’s decision (_eg_ , it argued that the decision was
not made in accordance with the governing law of the Pipeline Contract, which
was Indonesian law, as the Adjudicator had referred extensively to common law
cases and had not referred to Indonesian law at all).[note: 36] In addition,
PGN alleged that the Adjudicator had failed to observe factual conditions, and
had also failed to afford PGN a reasonable opportunity to present its case as
he had accepted the evidence of a representative of CRW without giving PGN the
chance to respond to that evidence.[note: 37] Importantly, PGN also referred
to various underlying documents to submit that the Adjudicator had strangely
expanded CRW’s claim from US$13,955,634 to US$17,298,834.57 as a result of
several erroneous instances of double-counting.[note: 38] Based on the above
factors, PGN submitted that the Arbitral Tribunal ought to grant its request
to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision.[note: 39]

72 The parties resolutely maintained their respective positions in their reply
memorials and also during the Arbitral Hearing on 16 September 2009 (save for
a crucial concession made by CRW (see below at [87])).

The Final Award

73 After the Arbitral Hearing on 16 September 2009, the Majority Members
issued the Final Award on 24 November 2009. It is noteworthy that the Majority
Members acknowledged (at para 25 of the Final Award) that the dispute had been
referred to arbitration under sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract.

74 With regard to the First Preliminary Issue, the Majority Members analysed
sub-cll 20.4–20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract and stated thus in
the Final Award:[note: 40]

37\. Having considered clause 20 as a whole, the Tribunal [_ie_ , the Majority
Members] is unable to find any ambiguity warranting the Tribunal other than to
give the words their plain and ordinary meaning.

38\. Binding means obligatory. To be bound means to be compelled or obliged by
a covenant or promise or [to] be subject to a legal obligation to do an act.
**_Final means conclusive or unalterable_**.

39\. It is of significance that the sentence in the fourth paragraph of [sub-
clause] 20.4 … refers to “ _binding_ ” and does not mention the word “ _final_
”. The reason for this is because [sub-]clause 20.4 foresees the possibility
of an arbitral award which may vary the DAB decision. On this basis, it [_ie_
, the DAB decision] is not final. This is in sharp contradistinction to the
last paragraph of [sub-clause] 20.4 which juxtaposes both “ _final_ ” and
[“]_binding_ ” but that is in the situation where no notice of dissatisfaction
has been served and thus the binding decision becomes also a final one in that
it is then unalterable.

40\. Having set out what is meant by “ _binding_ ” and “ _final_ ”, the
Tribunal now must turn to consider whether the words “ _unless and until it
shall be revised in an arbitral award_ ” affect or deviate from the binding
nature of a DAB decision.

41\. The fourth sentence of the fourth paragraph of [sub-]clause 20.4 makes it
abundantly clear that the binding nature of a DAB decision remains and has to
be given prompt effect, and the decision can only be varied by a subsequent
amicable settlement or arbitral award.

42\. [PGN]’s submissions have the effect of rendering a DAB decision of no
binding effect whatsoever until an arbitral award. Such an interpretation is
the complete opposite of what the fourth sentence of the fourth paragraph of
[sub-]clause 20.4 says.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

75 It can be seen from the above extract that the Majority Members were
clearly aware of the distinction between a final and binding DAB decision and
a binding but non-final DAB decision. The Majority Members concluded (at para
45 of the Final Award) that PGN had an obligation to make immediate payment of
the sum of US$17,298,834.57 to CRW.

76 As for the Second Preliminary Issue (_ie_ , whether PGN was entitled to
request the Arbitral Tribunal to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s
decision), the Majority Members placed emphasis (at paras 48–51 of the Final
Award) on the fact that PGN had not served any counterclaim. They considered
PGN’s request for a review of the Adjudicator’s decision to be merely a
defence to CRW’s claim for immediate payment, which defence was untenable. The
Majority Members reasoned as follows in the Final Award:[note: 41]

47\. In paragraph 35 of its Answer [to Request for Arbitration], [PGN] also
requests for an award

_“v_. _To open up review and revise the [Adjudicator’s] decision, as well as
to hear relevant witnesses and experts to obtain actual information and
evidence relevant to the dispute”_.

48\. [PGN] has not served any counterclaim.

49\. In his email of … 8th May 2009 counsel for [PGN] stated:

_“… we would like to clarify that we are not submitting any counterclaim(s) in
our Answer dated 24 April 2009. Please note that our response to the relief
sought as provided in paragraph 35 pages 10 and 11 of our Answer does not
contain any counterclaim(s) filed against [CRW]. In addition, our response to
the relief sought cannot be deemed [as] containing counterclaim(s) since we
did not elaborate any counterclaim(s) in accordance with the provision of
article 5 paragraph 5 of [the] ICC Rules [of Arbitration,] which provides that
any counterclaim(s) made by [PGN] shall provide (a) a description of the
nature and circumstances of the dispute giving rise to the counterclaim(s);
and (b) a statement of the relief sought, including, to the extent possible,
an indication of any amount(s) counterclaimed.”_ (emphasis provided).

50\. The Arbitral Tribunal [_ie_ , the Majority Members] concurs with [PGN]’s
counsel.

51\. **_It follows that [PGN’s] Answer and [PGN]’s request for an award to
open up, review and revise the [Adjudicator’s] decision is but a defence to
the claim for immediate payment of US$17,298,834.57. For all the reasons set
out above, this defence must also fail and the Arbitral Tribunal FINDS
accordingly_**.

**_This does not in any way affect [PGN]’s right to commence an arbitration to
seek to revise the [Adjudicator’s] decision. The Arbitral Tribunal notes that
[CRW has] expressly agreed that [PGN] may do so_**.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

77 The Majority Members thus decided that the answer to the Second Preliminary
Issue was “no”, although they reserved PGN’s right to commence a fresh
arbitration to revise the Adjudicator’s decision. The Majority Members
concluded at para 53 of the Final Award:[note: 42]

In the light of the [Majority Members’] findings and the answers to the two
questions [_ie_ , the Preliminary Issues defined at [11] above], **_there is
nothing further to be dealt with in this arbitration_** and _[CRW is] entitled
to a_** _final award_** _on [its] claims_. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

78 In our view, the emphasised part of the above quote sets out the crucial
difference between the Arbitration in the present case and the other two ICC
International Court of Arbitration cases referred to above at [57]–[66], where
an interim or partial award was granted to enforce binding but non-final DAB
decisions. Despite purporting to reserve PGN’s right to commence fresh
arbitration proceedings to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s
decision, the fact remains that the Arbitration concluded with the Majority
Members making the _Final Award_ upholding that decision without an
examination of its merits.

79 We find it difficult to understand why the Majority Members ignored the
clear language of sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract to
“finally [settle]” the dispute between the parties and instead abruptly
enforced the Adjudicator’s decision (by way of the Final Award) without
reviewing the merits of that decision. What the Majority Members ought to have
done, in accordance with the TOR (and, in particular, sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999
FIDIC Conditions of Contract), was to make an _interim_ award in favour of CRW
for the amount assessed by the Adjudicator (or such other appropriate amount)
and then proceed to hear the parties’ substantive dispute afresh before making
a _final_ award.

80 Accordingly, our answer to Issue 3 is “no” – _ie_ , the Final Award was not
issued in accordance with sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract. This in turn raises the question of whether the Majority Members
exceeded their jurisdiction in making the Final Award (which is Issue 4) and
whether they breached the rules of natural justice (which is Issue 5). If
Issue 4 is answered in the affirmative, the Final Award may be set aside under
Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law, whilst if Issue 5 is answered in the
affirmative, the Final Award may be set aside under s 24(_b_) of the IAA.

Issue 4: Whether the Majority Members exceeded their jurisdiction in making
the Final Award

CRW’s waiver/estoppel argument apropos Issue 4

81 Before we consider Issue 4, it is necessary to briefly deal with a
preliminary point raised by CRW, namely: PGN had not raised any jurisdictional
objections before the Arbitral Tribunal and, therefore, it had (according to
CRW) waived its right to object to the Arbitral Tribunal’s lack of
jurisdiction and/or was estopped from raising this objection before the
Judge.[note: 43] In our view, this argument is entirely misconceived. From the
time PGN filed its Answer to Request for Arbitration, it steadfastly objected
to CRW’s submission that the Arbitral Tribunal had the authority or power to
limit the scope of the Arbitration to giving prompt effect to the
Adjudicator’s decision without going into the merits of that decision. We need
say no more on this.

Our ruling on Issue 4

82 Given what we have said earlier about the structure of the dispute
resolution procedure under the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, we are of
the view that the Majority Members simply did not have the power under sub-cl
20.6 to issue the Final Award in the manner that they did, _ie_ , without
assessing the merits of PGN’s defence and of the Adjudicator’s decision as a
whole. As we have shown above (at [53]–[54]), an arbitration commenced under
sub-cl 20.6 constitutes a rehearing, which in turn allows the parties to have
their dispute “finally settled” in that arbitration. The Majority Members
clearly ignored sub-cl 20.6 (and, indeed, the TOR as a whole), and
fundamentally altered the terrain of the entire proceedings as well as the
arbitral award which would have been issued if they had reviewed the merits of
the Adjudicator’s decision (regardless of what the final outcome might have
been).

83 The Majority Members did not say in the Final Award that there were no
merits in PGN’s grounds for refusing to make payment of the sum of
US$17,298,834.57 to CRW. If they genuinely believed that PGN had to file a
counterclaim in order to pursue its objection to making payment (in this
regard, see further [87]–[88] below), it was certainly open to them to direct
that such a counterclaim be filed. They did not, however, do so. Instead, they
inexplicably proceeded to adopt an unprecedented course of action – _viz_ ,
making the Arbitrator’s decision final without assessing its merits – and did
not adequately explain the basis for this course of action.

84 In this regard, counsel for CRW ingeniously suggested to this court that
the Final Award was not in effect “final” since the Majority Members had
expressly reserved PGN’s right to commence a separate arbitration to challenge
the Arbitrator’s decision. We cannot accept this submission. Quite apart from
the fact that the award made by the Majority Members was conspicuously
labelled as a “ _Final_ Award”[note: 44] [emphasis added] on its cover page,
the Majority Members stated (at para 53 of the Final Award) that “ _there
[was] nothing further to be dealt with in th[e] [A]rbitration_ ”[note: 45]
[emphasis added]. _It is as plain as a pikestaff that the Majority Members
meant “final” to mean “_** _conclusive or unalterable_** _”_[note: 46]
[emphasis added in bold italics] (see para 38 of the Final Award). The
purported reservation of PGN’s rights to commence a fresh arbitration before
another arbitral tribunal to review the merits of the Adjudicator’s decision
was odd, to say the least.

85 The failure of the Majority Members to consider the merits of the
Adjudicator’s decision before making the Final Award meant that they exceeded
their jurisdiction in making that award. Further, it meant that PGN had to pay
the sum awarded by the Adjudicator whilst being deprived of its contractual
right to have the Adjudicator’s decision reviewed unless it incurred
additional time and costs in commencing fresh arbitration proceedings
(assuming such an option were legally feasible). In our view, PGN suffered
real prejudice as a result of the decision of the Majority Members.

86 What we have said at [82]–[85] above suffices to dispose of Issue 4. Before
we move on to Issue 5, we wish to make some observations on PGN’s failure to
file a counterclaim in the Arbitration and the bearing which this had (if any)
on whether or not the Arbitral Tribunal had to review the Adjudicator’s
decision on the merits.

PGN’s failure to file a counterclaim in the Arbitration

87 Much was made by CRW of PGN’s failure to file a counterclaim in the
Arbitration. CRW argued repeatedly both during the Arbitration and in the
court proceedings that PGN’s failure in this regard meant that the Arbitral
Tribunal was not required to review the Adjudicator’s decision on the merits.
However, we note that CRW made a crucial concession on this issue during the
Arbitral Hearing, as can be seen from the following exchange between CRW’s
counsel, Mr Siraj Omar (“Mr Omar”), and the Arbitral Tribunal:[note: 47]

THE ARBITRATOR: |  Do you need a counter claim [_sic_] if the opening up of the [Adjudicator’s] decision could amount to a substantive defence to [CRW’s] claim?  
---|---  
MR OMAR: |  There are two issues, sir. The first is assuming that we are right on the first issue – which is that [PGN] ha[s] to make prompt immediate payment of the sum – we are then entitled to come to this tribunal for assistance if [PGN] failed to comply with that obligation, which is what we have done. [PGN is] then entitled, of course, to commence arbitration to seek to review the [Adjudicator’s] decision, but [PGN] cannot, we say, in this arbitration, which has been brought to effectively enforce a DAB decision, seek to then overturn that [decision] or to go behind that decision to see whether it was validly made. That’s our submission.  
… |   
MR KAPLAN: |  Do you have to have a cause of action – the [Adjudicator’s] decision is wrong because A, B[,] C, D, E[?]  
MR OMAR: |  That’s something on which [PGN] would have to satisfy the tribunal.  
MR KAPLAN: |  In the absence of that, what I’m trying to get at is we are interested in the effect of the absence of anything like that in the answer for the arbitration.  
MR OMAR: |  The absence of anything like that, I think my respectful submission is that it supports our assertion that that matter is not properly before this tribunal. In the ordinary course, [PGN] would file a notice of arbitration. That notice of arbitration would pray, I would assume, that the [Adjudicator]’s decision be set aside on these grounds. That, we say, is absent and that supports our assertion that your [_sic_] cannot read the defence as, effectively, a notice of arbitration vis-[à]-vis the issues which [PGN] seek[s].  
MR KAPLAN: |  I assume [PGN] did that, _assume [PGN] said the decision is wrong because a variation was allowed without a notice in writing or out of time and this should be reduced – had [PGN] done that, would [its] counterclaim have gone on regardless of what happened with your claim in this arbitration, or would [PGN] still have to start another arbitration?_  
MR OMAR: |  _I would say it was certainly open to [PGN] at the start to either file a notice of arbitration or_ **_to put in sufficient particularity in the defence_** _such that the issues are then both before this tribunal, but we say [PGN] ha[s]n’t done that_.  
CHAIRMAN: |  _I think Mr Kaplan is really asking that if [PGN] had done it in the way that you say [it] should have_ , **_with particularity in the defence_** _, then you are saying that, nonetheless, you are still entitled to an award and payment, and_** _then this tribunal will proceed to look at whether there is any merit in what [PGN] say[s] about the [Adjudicator’s] decision_**.  
MR OMAR: |  _If [PGN] had done that, yes_.  
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]  
  
  

88 Counsel for CRW therefore accepted that if PGN had sufficiently
particularised its defence for the Arbitration, the Arbitral Tribunal could
proceed to examine the merits of PGN’s dissatisfaction with the Adjudicator’s
decision. However, despite this concession by CRW, the Majority Members –
curiously – declined to open up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision
on the _sole_ basis that PGN had not filed a counterclaim (see [76] above). As
stated above at [67], it was not necessary for PGN to file a counterclaim
before it could challenge the Arbitrator’s decision on the merits. In
addition, PGN’s memorial dated 10 July 2009, in our view, did include
sufficient details of the alleged errors committed by the Adjudicator (see
[71] above). The Arbitral Tribunal could quite easily have examined the
underlying documents placed before it to consider PGN’s allegations as well as
undertake a rehearing of the parties’ dispute in accordance with sub-cl 20.6
of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract after making an interim order for
payment in favour of CRW.

89 While the Arbitral Tribunal did express concerns about the inability of PGN
to provide at the Arbitral Hearing an exact figure of what it believed was
owed to CRW, it bears reiteration that the Arbitral Hearing was merely a
preliminary hearing in accordance with the directions made on 4 June 2009 (see
above at [11]). PGN’s position was that once the Preliminary Issues had been
resolved, the Arbitral Tribunal could proceed to examine the merits of the
Adjudicator’s decision. This emerges from the following exchange between Mr
Kaplan and Mr Efendi Manurung (“Mr Manurung”), PGN’s Indonesian solicitor, at
the Arbitral Hearing:[note: 48]

MR KAPLAN: |  … [W]hat I am interested in is the fact that, at the end of it, you’re not [in] a position to say, “We don’t owe 17 million. We only owe 3.5 million, or we owe nothing.” You don’t give us any idea of what the scope of this dispute is. In other words, you’re trying to attack the [A]djudicator’s decision but don’t tell us what the real position is, in your view, your submission as to what [the real position] is.  
---|---  
MR MANURUNG: |  In one affidavit of evidence, it shows there, but _our proposed submitting … of the evidence is not merely about what would be the amount. That’s more for noncompliance, but_** _if you would like to refer, that would be after the discussion of the tribunal_** [_ie_ , the Arbitral Tribunal defined at [10] above]. However, firstly, why it is finally before the tribunal is because _we come to the tribunal to figure out what would be the amount, what a figure should be, so, fairly speaking, we need the assistance or help of the tribunal_. Then our colleagues have already given [the] idea that it would be proper to have a skilled quantifier, or whatever you say, or auditor – let’s sit down together, put everything on the table, what would be the figures, fairly speaking.  
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]  
  
  

90 PGN was thus consistent and, in our view, correct in asserting that after
resolving the Preliminary Issues, the Arbitral Tribunal ought to open up,
review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision in accordance with sub-cl 20.6 of
the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract. The reason why evidence on the merits
of the parties’ respective positions _vis-à-vis_ their dispute over the
Project was not adduced at the Arbitral Hearing was because of the peculiar
manner in which CRW initiated the Arbitration, _ie_ , solely for the purpose
of giving prompt effect to the Adjudicator’s decision. As a result, a dispute
arose as to whether PGN was entitled to request the Arbitral Tribunal to open
up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision, which in turn necessitated a
hearing (_ie_ , the Arbitral Hearing) to resolve the Preliminary Issues. PGN
justifiably expected that evidence on the merits of the Adjudicator’s decision
would only be presented at a subsequent hearing to be fixed by the Arbitral
Tribunal.

91 We should add that it is significant that CRW had, prior to the Arbitral
Hearing, adopted the position that PGN had not validly submitted a NOD (see
[70] above). That position, if correct, would have meant that the
Adjudicator’s decision had become final and binding, and CRW could then have
referred PGN’s non-compliance with that decision to arbitration under sub-cl
20.7 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract for the sole purpose of
enforcing the decision. However, once that position was abandoned by CRW (see
[70] above), there was no longer any basis for the Arbitration to proceed for
the sole purpose of giving prompt effect to the Adjudicator’s decision.

Issue 5: Whether there was a breach of the rules of natural justice at the
Arbitral Hearing

92 Turning now to Issue 5 (_viz_ , whether there was a breach of the rules of
natural justice at the Arbitral Hearing), the Judge dismissed PGN’s submission
that there had been such a breach. She considered (at [42] of the GD) that PGN
had not been very clear in its allegations on which rule of natural justice
had been contravened, and also pointed out that PGN had been given an
opportunity to present or argue its case on why it should be entitled to open
up, review and revise the Adjudicator’s decision. The Judge further
highlighted the inability of PGN to answer the Arbitral Tribunal’s enquiries
on how much it believed it owed to CRW.

93 With respect, we do not agree with the Judge’s conclusion on this point. In
our view, PGN was not given a real opportunity to defend its position as to
why the sum of US$17,298,834.57 awarded by the Adjudicator was excessive. As
stated above at [89]–[90], the questions raised by the Arbitral Tribunal on
how much PGN believed it owed to CRW were clearly premature given the nature
of the Arbitral Hearing. Mr Kaplan’s criticism of the inability of PGN to
particularise its position (see [89] above) was, in our view, rather
unfortunate.

94 To fault PGN for its inability at the Arbitral Hearing to specify the
amount which it claimed it owed to CRW is, in our view, an affront to the
principle that each party must have a reasonable opportunity to present its
case. As stated above (at [89]–[90]), PGN had not envisaged having to produce
evidence on how much it believed it owed to CRW during the Arbitral Hearing,
which had a rather limited compass. PGN was entitled to be accorded a proper
opportunity to comprehensively present its case on the Adjudicator’s decision,
with all the relevant submissions and evidence, at a subsequent hearing before
the Arbitral Tribunal. However, it was denied this opportunity as the Majority
Members summarily made the Final Award without considering the merits of the
real dispute between the parties.

95 As pointed out in the course of our discussion of Issue 4, even if PGN
could validly rely on sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract to
commence a fresh arbitration to review the Adjudicator’s decision, the parties
would have to agree on the members of the new arbitral tribunal and draw up a
new timetable for resolving the dispute, amongst other procedural
requirements. All these steps would require additional and, in our view,
utterly unnecessary, time and costs. Further, to require PGN to commence fresh
arbitration proceedings to challenge the Adjudicator’s decision would be to
disregard the existence of the earlier properly-constituted arbitral tribunal
(_ie_ , the Arbitral Tribunal), which undoubtedly had jurisdiction to resolve
all the disputes of fact and law between the parties.

96 Our ruling on Issue 5 is thus in the affirmative. We also hold that the
breach of natural justice in this case caused real prejudice to PGN. This
finding is consistent with the observation in _Soh Beng Tee_ (at [71]) that in
the ordinary run of cases, the answer to whether an issue decided by the
arbitral tribunal was within the scope of submission to the tribunal should be
the same as the answer to whether the rules of natural justice were observed
by the tribunal in making its arbitral award.

Issue 6: Whether this court should exercise its residual discretion to refuse
to set aside the Final Award

97 In view of our ruling that: (a) apropos Issue 3, the Final Award was not
made in accordance with sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract;
(b) apropos Issue 4 and Issue 5, the Majority Members exceeded their
jurisdiction and also breached the rules of natural justice in making that
award; and (c) the Majority Members’ conduct caused real prejudice to PGN, the
elements necessary to set aside the Final Award under both Art 34(2)(a)(iii)
of the Model Law and s 24(_b_) of the IAA have clearly been established. What
we now have to consider is Issue 6, _viz_ , whether this court should exercise
its residual discretion to refuse to set aside the Final Award. In this
regard, the learned author of _International Commercial Arbitration_ states
(at p 2563) that although the court is not mandatorily required to annul an
arbitral award where one or more of the grounds specified in Art 34(2) of the
Model Law (and/or s 24 of the IAA) applies, in many cases, the existence of
any one of these grounds will be “sufficiently serious [for] annulment of the
award [to] be virtually automatic”. We agree with this summary of the salient
legal principle.

98 Before us, CRW raised a new argument that was not canvassed in the court
below, namely, that the court had a residual discretion to refuse to set aside
an arbitral award even though one or more of the prescribed grounds for
setting aside had been made out.[note: 49] CRW did not point us to any direct
case authority for this submission and instead referred to _Halsbury’s Laws of
Singapore_ vol 2 (LexisNexis, 2003 Reissue) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_
”), which states (at para 20.140), in the context of _enforcement_ of arbitral
awards, that the court has a residual discretion to enforce an arbitral award
notwithstanding that one of the prescribed grounds for resisting enforcement
has been established.

99 The footnote for the above proposition in para 20.140 of _Halsbury’s Laws
of Singapore_ refers to, _inter alia_ , _Newspeed International Ltd v Citus
Trading Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 1, where Woo Bih Li JC cited (at [20]–[29])
the Hong Kong case of _Paklito Investment Limited v Klockner East Asia
Limited_ [1993] 2 HKLR 39 (“ _Paklito_ ”). In _Paklito_ , the plaintiff
obtained an arbitral award in its favour in China. It successfully applied,
_ex parte_ , to the High Court of Hong Kong for an order giving it leave to
enforce the Chinese arbitral award in Hong Kong, but that enforcement order
was later set aside after an _inter partes_ hearing. The plaintiff’s appeal
against the setting aside of the enforcement order was dismissed by Kaplan J
on the ground that the enforcement order had been rightly set aside as there
had been a serious procedural irregularity in the Chinese arbitral
proceedings, in that the defendant had not been given an opportunity to deal
with new evidence presented by the plaintiff in the course of those
proceedings (see s 44(2)(c) of the Arbitration Ordinance (Cap 341) (HK) (“the
Hong Kong Arbitration Ordinance”), which is _in pari materia_ with Art
34(2)(a)(ii) of the Model Law). _Vis-à-vis_ the submission by the plaintiff’s
counsel that the court could, in its discretion, still allow enforcement of
the Chinese arbitral award even though the ground for refusing enforcement
under s 44(2)(c) of the Hong Kong Arbitration Ordinance had been made out,
Kaplan J stated (at 49–50):

In relation to the ground relied upon in this case[,] I could envisage
circumstances where the court might exercise its discretion [to allow
enforcement], having found the ground established, if the court were to
conclude, having seen the new material which the defendant wished to put
forward, that it would not affect the outcome of the dispute. …

It is not necessary for me in this judgment to decide whether this is the only
circumstance where the discretion [to allow enforcement] could be exercised or
to lay down circumstances where it would be appropriate for the court to
exercise its discretion after finding a serious due process violation. In this
case [counsel for the plaintiff] has accepted that he could not argue that the
result would inevitably have been the same.

… I have a very limited function under the [Hong Kong] Arbitration Ordinance.
Having concluded that a serious breach of due process has occurred[,] I cannot
see that it would be right or proper to exercise my discretion in favour of
enforcement. I am quite satisfied that even when one takes into account that
the parties have chosen an arbitral law and practice which differs [from] that
practised in Hong Kong[,] there is still a minimum requirement below which an
enforcing court, taking heed of its own principles of fairness and due
process, cannot be expected to approve [a request for leave to enforce an
arbitral award]. Regrettably, this case is a classic example of such a
situation.

100 We accept that the court may, in its discretion, decline to set aside an
arbitral award even though one of the prescribed grounds for setting aside has
been made out. However, in our view, the court ought to exercise this residual
discretion only if no prejudice has been sustained by the aggrieved party. In
the present case, as shown at [85] and [94]–[95] above, PGN has suffered real
prejudice as a result of the Majority Members acting in excess of their
jurisdiction and also in breach of the rules of natural justice. Given the
prevailing circumstances, there is simply no basis for this court to invoke
its residual discretion to refuse to set aside the Final Award.

Conclusion

101 There appears to be a settled practice, in arbitration proceedings brought
under sub-cl 20.6 of the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of Contract, for the arbitral
tribunal to treat a binding but non-final DAB decision as immediately
enforceable by way of either an interim or partial award pending the final
resolution of the parties’ dispute. What the Majority Members did in the
Arbitration – _viz_ , summarily enforcing a binding but non-final DAB decision
by way of a _final_ award without a hearing on the merits – was unprecedented
and, more crucially, entirely unwarranted under the 1999 FIDIC Conditions of
Contract. The Majority Members had neither the jurisdiction nor the power to
make the Adjudicator’s decision “final” without following the prescribed
procedure. Further, the purported reservation of PGN’s right to refer the
Adjudicator’s decision to arbitration before another tribunal was
questionable, to say the least.

102 For the foregoing reasons, this appeal is dismissed with costs and the
usual consequential orders. All costs and disbursements incurred in the
Arbitration are to be borne by CRW.

* * *

[note: 1]See <http://www1.fidic.org/federation/> (assessed on 8 July 2011).

[note: 2]See the Record of Appeal filed on 1 October 2010 (“ROA”) vol 3(A) at
pp 95–248.

[note: 3]See ROA vol 3(C) at pp 643–652.

[note: 4]See para 465 of the Adjudicator’s written decision dated 25 November
2008 (“the Adjudicator’s written decision”) (at ROA vol 3(B), p 372).

[note: 5]See paras 17–19 of the Adjudicator’s written decision (at ROA vol
3(A), pp 254–255).

[note: 6]See para 26(j) of the Adjudicator’s written decision (at ROA vol
3(A), p 259).

[note: 7]See, _eg_ , paras 60–74 of the Adjudicator’s written decision (at ROA
vol 3(A), pp 266–269).

[note: 8]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 376.

[note: 9]See ROA vol 3(C) at pp 667–670.

[note: 10]See ROA vol 3(C) at p 674.

[note: 11]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 383.

[note: 12]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 396–397.

[note: 13]_Ibid_.

[note: 14]See the Appellant’s Core Bundle filed on 1 October 2010 by CRW
(“ACB”) at vol 2, pp 51–52.

[note: 15]See ACB at vol 2, p 52.

[note: 16]See the enclosure to the letter dated 2 December 2010 from PGN’s
solicitors to the court.

[note: 17]See Annex A to Summons No 4970 of 2010.

[note: 18]See para 53 of the Final Award (at ACB vol 2, p 66).

[note: 19]See para 45 of the Final Award (at ACB vol 2, p 64).

[note: 20]See paras 51–52 of the Final Award (at ACB vol 2, pp 65–66).

[note: 21]See para 51 of the Final Award (at ACB vol 2, p 65).

[note: 22]See the Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle filed on 1 November
2010 by PGN (“SCB”) at pp 114–117.

[note: 23]See para 3 of Prof Abdurrasyid’s dissenting opinion (at SCB, p 115).

[note: 24]See ROA vol 3(C) at pp 734–735.

[note: 25]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 383.

[note: 26]_Ibid_.

[note: 27]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 396.

[note: 28]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 396–397.

[note: 29]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 397.

[note: 30]See Part VII of the TOR (at Annex A to Summons No 4970 of 2010).

[note: 31]See <http://www.dbfederation.org/about-us.asp> (accessed on 8 July
2011).

[note: 32]See <http://www.dbfederation.org/downloads/newsletter-sep10.pdf>
(assessed on 8 July 2011).

[note: 33]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 409–411.

[note: 34]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 411 and 441–444.

[note: 35]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 423.

[note: 36]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 424–425.

[note: 37]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 427–429.

[note: 38]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 430–434.

[note: 39]See ROA vol 3(B) at p 436.

[note: 40]See ACB vol 2 at p 63.

[note: 41]See ACB vol 2 at pp 64–65.

[note: 42]See ACB vol 2 at p 66.

[note: 43]See the Appellant’s Case filed by CRW on 1 October 2010 (“the
Appellant’s Case”) at paras 50–52.

[note: 44]See ACB vol 2 at p 46.

[note: 45]See ACB vol 2 at p 66.

[note: 46]See ACB vol 2 at p 63.

[note: 47]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 519–522.

[note: 48]See ROA vol 3(B) at pp 545–546.

[note: 49]See the Appellant’s Case at paras 100–104.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jul 2011 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

