Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Botanica Pte Ltd _v_ Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2040  
[2012] SGHC 98

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1073 of 2011, Summons No 349 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Quek Mong Hua and Nicholas Poa (Lee & Lee) for the
plaintiff; William Ricquier and Adrian Aw (Incisive Law LLC) as Counsel and
Arfat Selvam (Selvam LLC) as Instructing Solicitors for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Botanica Pte Ltd — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
2040  
  
8 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an application for a declaration against injunctive
relief with the ultimate objective of facilitating the realignment of an
access road occasioned by a proposed redevelopment. This application is made
on the authority of the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Yickvi Realty Pte
Ltd v Pacific Rover Pte Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 951 (“ _Yickvi_ ”). The defendant
seeks to strike out the application on the basis that unlike the present case,
_Yickvi_ was concerned with an _unregistered_ easement and that in the case of
_registered_ easements, the court has _no_ power to permit such realignment
under the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”).

2 It is not disputed that no distinction was made in _Yickvi_ between a
registered and an unregistered easement. Neither was the point raised that the
court lacks power under the LTA to modify registered easements. The key issue
is whether the fact of registration of the easement in the present case would
make the critical difference, as contended by the defendant, warranting its
striking out or whether it is, in truth, a distinction without a difference.

Facts

The Parties

3 The plaintiff, a company incorporated in Singapore and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Wheelock Properties (Singapore) Limited (“Wheelock”), is the
owner of Lot No 658X of Town Subdivision 25 (“the Servient Tenement”).

4 The defendant is the owner of Lot No 721C of Town Subdivision 25 (“the
Dominant Tenement”), a plot of land adjoining the Servient Tenement.

Background

5 The existing easement (“the existing Easement”) was granted on 2 January
1986 by the plaintiff’s predecessor-in-title, Robin Development (Private)
Limited, to the defendant’s predecessor-in-title, Fu Yun Siak. It was
essentially an extended right of way (“the path”) running across and
connecting four adjourning plots of land: Lot No 638 of Town Subdivision 25
(“Lot 638”), the Servient Tenement, the Dominant Tenement, and Lot No 640 of
Town Subdivision 25 (“Lot 640”).[note: 1] Access from the road to the path is
through Lot 638.

6 Sometime in 1995, a condominium development (“the Heritage Apartments”) was
built on the Dominant Tenement. As part of this development, an electrical
sub-station was built on the Dominant Tenement at the boundary with the
Servient Tenement in order to service the Heritage Apartments.[note: 2]

7 In 2007, Lot 638 was redeveloped and the entrance to the existing Easement
located at Lot 638 leading into the Servient Tenement from the road was
closed. Nonetheless, the path continues to provide access _only_ as between
the Servient Tenement and Dominant Tenement.[note: 3]

8 Pursuant to an en-bloc redevelopment, sometime on or around 28 August 2006,
provisional planning approval was obtained by the plaintiff for redevelopment
of a new condominium project (“the Ardmore Three”) on the Servient
Tenement.[note: 4] The redevelopment would entail realigning the path to
optimise the use of the land.

9 In 2011, the plaintiff sought to negotiate with the defendant with a view to
reaching an agreement for the proposed realignment of the existing Easement,
but to no avail.[note: 5]

Procedural History

10 On 13 December 2011, the plaintiff filed an application for a court
declaration that, _inter alia_ , the proposed realignment can constitute no
wrongful interference with the enjoyment of the existing Easement and no
reasonable objection could be taken to the proposed realignment.
Alternatively, the plaintiff sought a declaration that the defendant has no
right to injunctive relief against the plaintiff on the plaintiff’s
undertaking to reserve unto the defendant all rights under the existing
Easement in the proposed realignment (“the Main Application”).

11 On 25 January 2012, the defendant filed a summons (“Summons No 349 of
2012”) to strike out the Main Application under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”), and/or for the court to determine
under O 14 r 12 of the ROC that, as a matter of law, the plaintiff has no
justifiable cause to apply to the court to realign the existing Easement (“the
Striking Out Application”).

12 At the pre-trial conference on 28 February 2012, the Assistant Registrar
(“AR”) decided that the Striking Out Application and the Main Application
should be heard separately. The plaintiffs appealed against the decision of
the AR (Registrar’s Appeal No 75 of 2012) and the matter came before me on 8
March 2012 (“the 8 March hearing”). During this hearing, the plaintiff
disclosed a letter from SP PowerGrid Ltd (“SP Power”) stating that it does not
have any objection to the proposed realignment of the existing Easement. Since
the main user of the existing Easement was SP Power, for it to gain access to
the electrical sub-station, this letter was clearly of some relevance. The
defendant’s counsel at that hearing, Mr Adrian Aw, however, informed the court
that the SP Power letter was not previously brought to their attention. He
further informed the court that the existing Easement is not “indefeasible”,
that is to say, the path may be realigned if the _Yickvi_ principles are
fulfilled. No distinction was made at this hearing between _registered_ and
_unregistered_ easements. On the strength of the disclosure of the SP Power
letter that was not before the AR as well as the defendant’s position that the
existing Easement is not “indefeasible”, I ordered that the Striking Out
Application and the Main Application be heard together.

13 Both applications came before me for hearing on 3 April 2012 (“the 3 April
hearing”). I directed the parties to first address the court on the Striking
Out Application. The principal argument raised by counsel for the defendant at
this hearing, Mr William Ricquier, (“Mr Ricquier”) is that the court has no
power under the LTA to modify _registered_ easements. This was the first time
such a distinction was drawn. I pause at this juncture to express some
observations of the manner in which this argument was raised as it clearly
took the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Quek Mong Hua (“Mr Quek”), as well as the
court, by surprise given what had transpired at the 8 March hearing. First,
this was a complete reversal of the defendant’s position at the 8 March
hearing when the defendant accepted that the existing Easement is not
“indefeasible”. Second, both parties filed and exchanged skeletal submissions
prior to the 3 April hearing. The only hint of such an argument was in the
form of a solitary paragraph – almost an afterthought – at the end of the
defendant’s skeletal submissions tendered just before the 3 April hearing,
whereas the rest of the skeletal submissions sought to deal with _Yickvi_ on
its merits. Third, as this was a completely new point, the court did not have
the benefit of the plaintiff’s submissions at the 3 April hearing, and this
necessitated an adjournment for both parties to specifically address this
issue. As our system of adjudication is adversarial in nature, it is crucial
for the court to have the benefit of submissions from both parties in order to
arrive at a properly considered decision. There is little to be gained by
surprising the opponent with a fundamentally new point, particularly in this
case where the defendant had earlier informed the court of a contrary
position. Just to be clear, I am not suggesting that litigants are not
entitled to raise new points of law at hearings. I am merely expressing a
strong recommendation that counsel should inform the other party of new points
of law _prior_ to the hearing, especially if it involves a significant
departure from an earlier position. This would assist the court in arriving at
an informed decision after taking into account arguments from both parties and
would also avoid unnecessary delays. The necessity to adhere to this best
practice becomes even more compelling when the merits or lack thereof of the
defendant’s principal argument is carefully scrutinised.

Principles governing striking out

14 Under O 18 rr 19(1)(a) to 19(1)(d) of the ROC, the court may strike out any
pleading and dismiss the action on any of the grounds stated therein. In this
case, the defendant’s application to strike out the plaintiff’s claim rested
on the premise that it discloses no reasonable cause of action, is frivolous
and vexatious and/or is an abuse of the process.

15 The principles governing the court’s power to strike out a claim summarily
are well established. Such power will only be exercised in plain and obvious
cases, and the courts will generally allow a plaintiff to proceed with the
action unless his case is “wholly and clearly unarguable” (see _Riduan bin
Yusof v Khng_ _Thian_ _Huat and anor_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 188 (“ _Riduan”_) at
[6], citing _Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra Realty_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 844 at [31]).

16 The question here is whether the plaintiff’s cause of action is “certain to
fail” when only the allegations in the pleading are considered (see _The
“Osprey”_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 at [7]). In other words, the plaintiff’s cause
of action must fail as a matter of law even without the need for the court to
embark on a factual inquiry.

17 The Striking Out Application is principally premised on the defendant’s
argument that, as a matter of law, the court does not have the power to modify
registered easements under the LTA. This argument must be examined in the
context of the Main Application which it seeks to strike out. In this regard,
it is critical to bear in mind that the Main Application seeks a declaration,
_inter alia_ , that the proposed realignment can constitute no wrongful
interference with the enjoyment of the existing Easement or, alternatively,
that the defendant has no right to injunctive relief against the plaintiff
(see [10] above). As such, the case would only be fit for striking out if I
accept the defendant’s submission that a finding that the court lacks the
power to modify _registered_ (as opposed to unregistered) easements is _fatal_
to the specific declaratory reliefs sought in the Main Application. On the
other hand, if I accept the plaintiff’s submission that the Main Application
is _not_ dependent on the court’s determination that it has the power to
modify _registered_ easements, then acceptance of the defendant’s principal
submission is not _per se_ dispositive of the Main Application. In that event,
striking out would be wholly inappropriate, and, in which case, I will hear
the parties on the merits of the Main Application.

18 I shall therefore first deal with the defendant’s principal argument that
the court lacks power under the LTA to modify _registered_ easements and, if
so, whether it makes _any_ difference in the context of the reliefs sought
under the Main Application. Before doing so, I should consider the preliminary
question whether the LTA applies to both registered and unregistered easements
and thereafter to examine whether anything turns on the fact of registration.

The LTA governs registered as well as unregistered easements

19 Section 46(1) of the LTA provides:

**Estate of proprietor paramount**

**46.** —(1) Notwithstanding —

(a) the existence in any other person of any estate or interest, whether
derived by grant from the State or otherwise, which but for this Act might be
held to be paramount or to have priority;

(b) any failure to observe the procedural requirements of this Act; and

(c) any lack of good faith on the part of the person through whom he claims,

_any person who becomes the proprietor of registered land, whether or not he
dealt with a proprietor, shall hold that land free from all encumbrances,
liens, estates and interests except such as may be registered or notified in
the land-register, but subject to_ —

...

(ii) _any subsisting easement or public right of way which was in existence at
the date on which the land was brought under the provisions of this Act_ and
any right on, above or under any land created before or after 1st March 1994
in favour of a public authority under any statute and any statutory easement
implied under sections 98, 99, 101, 102 and 104...

[emphasis added]

20 In other words, s 46(1)(ii) preserves _subsisting unregistered_ easements
on land that subsequently becomes registered. John Baalman, the draftsman of
the original Land Titles Act, explains in his commentary on the Land Titles
Ordinance 1956, _The Singapore Torrens System_ (The Government of the State of
Singapore, 1961) (“ _Baalman_ ”) at 158:

Any easement affecting land at the time when it is brought under the
provisions of the [LTA], will continue to affect that land and to bind
subsequent purchasers _whether the easement is notified in the land-register,
or not_. Pre-existing easements are among the exceptions from indefeasiblity.

Easements which are created after the land has been brought under the
provisions of the Ordinance will bind the proprietor of that land only if the
easements have been registered.

[emphasis added]

21 On the other hand, s 97 provides that registration is necessary to create
_new_ easements over land that is already registered. The relevant ss 97(1)
and (5) read as follows:

**Registration necessary for creation of easements**

**97.** —(1) An easement shall not be acquired over registered land by long-
continued user adverse to a proprietor, nor by prescription, nor by any
presumption of a lost grant, nor by any implication of law except as may be
provided in this Act; but where an easement is intended to be created, the
proprietor may execute an instrument of grant in the approved form, or, if the
easement is being created incidentally to a transfer or lease, by appropriate
words in the transfer or lease.

...

(5) An easement shall be registered by the entry of a memorial thereof on the
folio for the servient tenement.

22 As s 46 and s 97 of the LTA recognise that both unregistered and registered
easements may be created over registered land, certain references to
“easements” in the LTA apply to both categories of easements. For example, s
63 provides:

**Form and effect of transfers**

**63.** —(1) The proprietor of an estate in land, or of a lease, mortgage or
charge, may transfer the same by an instrument of transfer in the approved
form, and upon the registration of such instrument the estate or interest of
the transferor as therein set forth, _together with all easements_ , rights
and powers belonging or appertaining thereto,  _shall pass to and be vested in
the transferee thereof as proprietor_.

[emphasis added]

23 Similarly, the term “easements” in s 101 refers to both unregistered and
registered easements:

**Easements to pass on transfer without express mention**

**101.** —(1) Upon registration of a transfer or lease of land to which an
easement is appurtenant, the easement shall pass to the transferee or lessee
without any express mention in the transfer or lease.

(2) Where a transfer of part of a dominant tenement contains an express
agreement that the easement shall not pass to the transferee, registration of
the transfer shall operate to release the easement to the extent to which it
had been appurtenant to the part transferred.

(3) Except as provided in subsection (2), an easement, so long as it subsists,
shall continue to be appurtenant to every part of the dominant tenement
notwithstanding severance.

24 Other provisions make a clear distinction between unregistered and
registered easements. Section 105 provides:

**Release of easements**

**105.** —(1) An easement over registered land may be released by an
instrument of release in the approved form.

(2) Where an easement over unregistered land is made appurtenant to registered
land, the easement may be released in any manner in accordance with law.

25 The reference to “[a]n easement over registered land” in s 105(1) must be
read to mean “a registered easement”. This provides the justification for “an
instrument of release in the approved form” – an unregistered easement is not
reflected on the land-register and therefore requires no such instrument in
the approved form, which is for the benefit of the Registrar to cancel the
registration or notification of easements under s 106. The reference to “an
easement over unregistered land” in s 105(2) must, by definition, refer to “an
unregistered easement”. This is consistent with the explanation in _Baalman_
at 175: “In the case of easements over Old System land appurtenant to
registered land, it is a matter entirely for the parties themselves: the
Registrar will not be concerned”.

26 Read as such, s 105 makes a clear distinction between the machinery to
release registered easements (instrument in the approved form) and
unregistered easements (release under the common law), clearly demonstrating
that both categories of easements operate within the framework of the LTA.

27 On the other end of the spectrum, certain provisions in Part X of the LTA,
which “deals principally with easements created after the land has been
brought under the [LTA]” (_Baalman_ at 158), refer exclusively to registered
easements. For example, s 106 provides for the Registrar’s power to cancel
registered easements:

**Cancellation of easements**

**106.** —(1) The Registrar shall cancel the registration or notification of
an easement upon proof to his satisfaction that —

(a) any period of time for which the easement was intended to subsist has
expired;

(b) any event upon which the easement was intended to determine has occurred;
or

(c) the easement has been abandoned.

28 Thus, in a situation where an unregistered easement exists over registered
land, the provisions of the LTA operate to govern the registered land, but the
common law operates in parallel to govern the unregistered easement. Such was
the case in _Lian Kok Hong v Lee Choi Kheong and others_ [2010] 3 SLR 378
(_“Lian Kok Hong_ ”), where the Court of Appeal decided that an unregistered
easement over registered land had been abandoned, making reference only to
common law principles of abandonment (at [22]–[32]). This was also the case in
_Yickvi_ , where the Court of Appeal considered only common law principles in
granting the declaratory relief in respect of an unregistered easement
following the English High Court decision in _Greenwich Healthcare National
Health Service Trust and Quadrant Housing Trust_ [1998] 1 WLR 1749
(_“Greenwich”_).

29 Indeed, it is my view that the procedure of registration of an easement
under the LTA does not create an overhaul of the law governing easements. Tan
Sook Yee _et al, Tan Sook Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (LexisNexis,
3rdEd, 2009) at para 20.130 shares the same view: “The LTA does not
fundamentally alter the nature or characteristics of easements in respect of
registered land”. Apart from creating a different method of acquisition (s 97)
and release (s 105(1)), the only other discernible and discrete difference
relates to the extinguishment of easements: while under the common law, mere
non-user by itself, however long, is not sufficient to establish abandonment
of an easement justifying extinguishment (_Lian Kok Hong_ at [24]), s 106(2)
of the LTA provides that non-user for more than 12 years is sufficient to
constitute abandonment.

30 It is necessary to highlight that the provisions of the LTA are not only
applicable to registered easements because the defendant contends that the LTA
does not expressly empower the court to modify registered easements. As
explained at [31] to [48] below, I agree with the defendant that there is no
such express power under the LTA. However, the same is true even in the case
of unregistered easements. Therefore, how does the lack of express power to
modify registered easements under the LTA impact the plaintiff’s claim for
various declaratory reliefs under the Main Application?

Does the court have the power under the LTA to modify easements?

31 I agree with the defendant’s submission that there is no express or implied
statutory power to modify registered easements under the LTA. However, my
finding is not peculiar to registered easements.

32 First, the internal blueprint of Part X of the LTA points towards the
absence of any judicial power to modify easements. Part X contains no express
provision for the court’s power to modify easements. The courts are slow to
imply powers where it is not expressly provided for in the LTA. In _Frontfield
Investment Holding (Pte) Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 938
and others_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 410, the plaintiff sought a declaration that an
easement was extinguished on the basis of, _inter alia_ , obsolescence, a
ground that was not provided for within the LTA. Judith Prakash J rejected
this argument, explaining at [61]:

As the law stands at present, I do not accept that there is any doctrine that
entitles me to do what Mr Shanmugam wants me to. Case after case has
emphasised the value of an easement to the dominant tenement and the weight of
evidence that must be adduced to allow the court to infer that the easement
has been voluntarily given up. Such a situation is inimical to any right on
the part of the court to unilaterally strike down an easement because it
considers the easement obsolete. In other jurisdictions it has been found
necessary to statutorily empower the courts to do this. It is clear that such
powers do not spring from the common law as it currently stands. _Our
Parliament has not given the court any powers of extinguishment of easements.
It has only empowered the court to, in certain circumstances, extinguish or
vary restrictions on land which has been brought under the land titles system.
For the time being, Parliament has not seen fit to legislate on the
extinguishment of easements for obsolescence. In the absence of such
legislation, I do not think that I can, sitting as a judge of first instance,
exercise any such power_.

[emphasis added]

33 Secondly, s 160 of the LTA provides for a _general statutory power_ of the
court to rectify the land-register in limited circumstances. As the Court of
Appeal stated in _United Overseas Bank v Bebe_ _bte Mohammad_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
884 at [43], this power is only restricted to the registered proprietor’s
fraud, omission or mistake in the act of obtaining registration of the
instrument. It is clear that this general power of rectification cannot be
applied to modify easements.

34 Thirdly, the LTA confers a discrete, or specific, statutory power on the
court to vary registered _restrictive covenants_ under s 140(5) which, as I
will elaborate below (at [44] to [48]), cannot be invoked for easements. The
provision reads:

(5) Without prejudice to subsection (1), upon the application of any person
interested in land affected by a restriction, the court shall have power, by
order, wholly or partially, to extinguish or vary the restriction, upon being
satisfied —

(a) that by reason of a change of user of the land affected, as approved by
the competent authority or the Minister for National Development, as the case
may be, under the Planning Act (Cap. 232), the continued existence of the
restriction will impede the development of the land for public or private
purposes; or

(b) that the proposed extinguishment or variation will not materially injure
the person entitled to the benefit of the restriction.

35 Next, both parties rely on s 46 of the LTA for different purposes. Mr Quek
claims that s 46(1)(vii) (read in conjunction with s 160) empowers the court
to make “an order to rectify the land-register” and that such power must
necessarily include the power to rectify any registered interest, including
registered easements. Mr Ricquier, on the other hand, submits that s 46 of the
LTA merely declares the indefeasible nature of registered land subject to the
exceptions set out therein, including “any subsisting easements” under s
46(1)(ii). As explained at [19] to [20] above, I agree with Mr Ricquier that s
46(1)(ii) is necessary to preserve existing easements which, by definition,
will not be registered at the time of registration of the servient tenement. I
am not persuaded by Mr Quek’s submission that the power to make “an order to
rectify the land-register” under s 46(1)(vii) of the LTA is tantamount to a
power to modify any registered interests including registered easements. As
explained at [34] above, such a discrete or specific power would have to be
statutorily provided as in the case of restrictions under s 140 of the LTA.

Other jurisdictions with statutory power to modify easements

36 The absence of an express statutory power to modify easements under the LTA
should be contrasted against the express provisions empowering the courts to
modify easements in Torrens statutes of other jurisdictions.

37 In Australia, s 129C of the Western Australia Transfer of Land Act 1893 (56
Vict No 14) (“Western Australia Transfer of Land Act”) provides that:

(1) Subject to subsection (1a), where land under this Act is subject to _an
easement or to any restriction_ arising under covenant or otherwise as to the
user thereof or the right of building thereon, the court or a judge may from
time to time on the application of any person interested in the land burdened
or benefited, or any local government or public authority benefited, by the
easement or restriction, by order wholly or partially extinguish, discharge or
modify the easement or restriction upon being satisfied —

(a) that by reason of any change in the user of any land to which _the
easement or the benefit of the restriction_ is annexed, or of changes in the
character of the property or the neighbourhood or other circumstances of the
case which the court or a judge may deem material _the easement or
restriction_ ought to be deemed to have been abandoned or to be obsolete or
that the continued existence thereof would impede the reasonable user of the
land without securing practical benefits to other persons or (as the case may
be) would unless modified so impede such user; or

(b) that the persons of full age and capacity for the time being or from time
to time entitled to the easement or to the benefit of the restriction whether
in respect of estates in fee simple of any lesser estates or interests in the
land to which _the easement or the benefit of the restriction_ is annexed have
agreed to the same being wholly or partially extinguished, discharged or
modified or by their acts or omissions may reasonably be considered to have
abandoned the easement or to have waived the benefit of the restriction wholly
or in part; or

(c) that the proposed extinguishment, discharge or modification will not
substantially injure the persons entitled to _the easement or to the benefit
of the restriction._

[emphasis added]

38 In almost identical terms, s 89 of the New South Wales Conveyancing Act
1919 (Act 6 of 1919) confers on the court the power to modify or extinguish
(wholly or in part) easements, profits _à prendre_ , and restrictions and
obligations arising from covenants. The position is the same under s 181 of
the Queensland Property Law Act 1974, s 84C of the Tasmania Conveyancing and
Law of Property Act 1884 (Act 19 of 1884) and s 90B of the South Australia
Real Property Act 1886.

39 Likewise, in New Zealand, s 317 of the New Zealand Property Law Act 2007
(No 91 of 2007) provides, in almost identical terms as the Western Australia
Transfer of Land Act, for an express power to modify or extinguish (wholly or
in part) easements or covenants. This was also the case under its predecessor
statute, the New Zealand Property Law Act 1952 (No 51 of 1952) (at s 126G).

40 In Canada, s 35 of the British Columbia Property Law Act 1996 (RSBC 1996, c
377) gives the court the power to modify or cancel “charges or interests
against the land”. Such charges and interests are defined to include, _inter
alia_ , easements and restrictive or other covenants burdening the land or the
owner (ss 35(1)(a), (e)).

41 In Northern Ireland, s 5 of the Property (Northern Ireland) Order 1978 (No
459 of 1978) allows the Land Tribunal to modify, or wholly or partially
extinguish “impediments to the enjoyment of land”. Section 3 defines
“impediments” as including both restrictive covenants (s 3(1)(a)) and
easements (s 3(1)(c)).

42 Finally, in Scotland, s 90 of the Title Conditions (Scotland) Act 2003
(2003 asp 9) gives the Land Tribunal the power to discharge or vary “real
burdens” in relation to property. Section 1 defines “real burden” as “an
encumbrance on land constituted in favour of the owner of other land in that
person’s capacity as owner of that other land”. Section 2(1) allows the
creation of a real burden as “an obligation to do something” (s 2(1)(a)) or
“an obligation to refrain from doing something” (s 2(1)(b)), which clearly
refers to restrictive and positive covenants. Section 2(3)(a) allows the
creation of a real burden which “consists of a right to enter, or otherwise
make use of, property”, which clearly refers to easements.

43 It seems clear to me after an extensive examination of the provisions in
the LTA, as well as Torrens statutes from various Commonwealth jurisdictions,
that in the Torrens system, the court’s power to modify or extinguish
easements can only be derived from the statute itself. In the absence of an
express provision, the court cannot imply or import any power to modify or
extinguish easements into the context of the LTA.

Whether the power to vary restrictive covenants under s 140(5) is applicable
to easements

44 Mr Quek argued at the 3 April hearing, as well as in his further
submissions, that the statutory power to modify restrictive covenants under s
140(5) of the LTA is equally applicable to easements. I cannot agree with that
proposition for a number of reasons. First, it is clear from the parliamentary
debates that s 140 was introduced to empower the courts to remove or modify
only restrictive covenants. This was explained by the late Mr EW Barker (who
was the Minister for Law and National Development) in the _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (2 September 1970) vol. 30 at col.
192): “This amendment will meet in some measure the representations of the Law
Society for the enactment of legislation for _the discharge or modification of
restrictive covenants”_ [emphasis added].

45 Secondly, the structural framework of the LTA strongly suggests, if not
dictates, that restrictive covenants and easements are governed differently:
restrictive covenants are governed by Part XIV, while easements are governed
by Part X. This distinction is accentuated by the different modes of
cancellation of restrictive covenants and easements prescribed in Parts XIV
and X respectively.

46 Thirdly, restrictive covenants and easements are inherently different legal
constructs such that they cannot be referred to interchangeably:

(a) The characteristics of restrictive covenants and easements are different.
An easement must have four characteristics: (i) there must be a dominant and
servient tenement; (ii) there must be accommodation of the dominant tenement;
(iii) the tenements must be owned by different persons; and (iv) the easement
must be capable of forming the subject matter of a grant (see _Re Ellenborough
Park_ [1956] Ch 131). On the other hand, the burden of a restrictive covenant
passes in equity if (i) the covenant is negative in substance; and (ii) it
accommodates a dominant tenement (see _London County Council v Allen_ and
others [1914] 3 KB 642).

(b) The nature of restrictive covenants and easements are different. An
easement is a species of real property that is “parasitic upon the land” (see
_London and Blenheim Esates Ltd v Ladbroke Retail Parks Ltd_ [1992] 1 WLR 1278
at 1283) while a restrictive covenant is a right _in personam_ (a contractual
right) which may acquire proprietary consequences (see _Tulk v Moxhay_ (1948)
2 Ph 744).

47 Fourthly, where other jurisdictions had enacted Torrens statutes that
similarly provide for judicial modification of restrictive covenants but not
easements, it has been generally considered that the power to modify
restrictive covenants cannot interchangeably be used to modify easements. The
English High Court in _Greenwich_ at 1755C recognised that judicial power to
modify restrictive covenants under s 84, UK Law of Property Act 1925 (c 20)
(“UK LPA 1925”) could not be translated into a power to modify easements.
Similarly, legislation in Ontario, Canada and Victoria, Australia only allows
for judicial modification of restrictive covenants, and not easements (s 61 of
the Ontario Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, RSO 1990 (c. C34 of 1990)
and s 84 of the Victoria Law of Property Act 1958 (No 6344 of 1958)
respectively). Although there appears to be no case law on this specific
issue, the Victorian Law Reform Commission in its _Easements and Covenants:
Consultation Paper_ (Victorian Law Reform Commission, 2010) (“ _Victoria Law
Commission Consultation Paper_ ”) stated at paras. 16.23–16.25:

_Section 84 applies only to the removal and modification of covenants. It does
not apply to easements_.

Section 84 of Victoria’s Property Law Act is based on section 84 of the
English Law of Property Act 1925\. Many other jurisdictions whose equivalent
provisions were also based on section 84 of the English Act have amended them
to provide for judicial removal and variation of easements.

Easements and restrictive covenants serve similar functions and there is no
compelling reason why they should not be subject to similar provisions for
judicial removal and variation. It appears that they are treated alike under
the NSW provision corresponding to section 84, where case law relating to the
removal of covenants is applied to the removal of easements to the extent that
it is appropriate.

[emphasis added]

48 Fifthly, the statutes of the various Commonwealth jurisdictions surveyed at
[36] to [43] above also make a distinction between easements and restrictions.
If restrictions are intended to encompass easements, it would be otiose to
refer to “an easement or to any restriction arising under covenant or
otherwise” (see s 129C(1), Western Australia Transfer of Land Act).

The court’s power to grant declaratory reliefs as regards easements

49 Having arrived at the conclusion that the court indeed lacks power under
the LTA to modify easements, does this determination oust the application of
the _Yickvi_ principles such that the Main Application is doomed to fail? Not
so in my view. To understand why I have reached the opposite outcome having
accepted the defendant’s principal submission, it is necessary to revisit the
decisions in _Yickvi_ and _Greenwich_.

50 In _Yickvi_ , the Court of Appeal affirmed the decision of the High Court
in granting a declaration that the owner of the dominant tenement was not
entitled to an injunction to restrain the owner of the servient tenement from
realigning a road which interfered with the enjoyment of the easement.
Effectively, the order paved the way for the owner of the servient tenement to
realign a right of way running across the servient tenement. The court
explained the circumstances under which it would allow such a declaratory
relief, citing _Greenwich_ at 1755 (_Yickvi_ at [11], [13]): (a) the proposed
realignment does not substantially interfere with the enjoyment of the right
of way; and (b) the proposed realignment is necessary to achieve an object of
substantial public and local importance and value. No argument was raised in
_Yickvi_ that the court lacked power under the LTA to _modify_ the easement in
question. In my view it was not raised simply because it was irrelevant to the
issues before the court as I shall explain below.

51 It is pertinent to highlight that in _Greenwich_ , the English High Court
made the same declaratory relief as in _Yickvi_. In granting the declaratory
relief, Lightman J observed at 1755C that “there is (unfortunately) no
statutory equivalent in case of easements to the jurisdiction vested by
statute in the Lands Tribunal in case of restrictive covenants to modify the
covenant to enable servient land to be put to a proper use”. Section 84 of the
UK LPA 1925 confers the Lands Tribunal with the power to modify restrictive
covenants, but is silent on the power to modify easements. No distinction
appeared to have been made in _Greenwich_ between registered and unregistered
easements and in my view, there is no intelligible reason why the distinction
would make any difference as there is no express power under the UK LPA 1925
to modify any easement, both registered and unregistered. In fact,
notwithstanding the court’s finding that it lacked the statutory power to
modify easements, Lightman J nevertheless granted the declaratory relief. In
this regard, it is crucial not to lose sight of the fact that the declaratory
orders made in _Greenwich_ and _Yickvi_ were not to modify the easements in
question. Modification of an easement entails an amendment to the terms of the
grant of the easement (see, _eg_ , ss 129C(6a) and (7), Western Australia
Transfer of Land Act. It appears that the procedure under the LTA is a
slightly more convoluted one: parties, after reaching agreement, would have to
apply for release of the existing easement under s 105, and subsequently
register the new modified easement under s 97). Instead, the orders in those
cases were to grant a negative declaration that the owner of the dominant
tenement was not entitled to injunctive relief in the event the owner of the
servient tenement should proceed to realign the road over which the easement
was enjoyed. It cannot be overemphasised that the plaintiff here is seeking
the exact same relief which was granted in _Yickvi_ and _Greenwich_. For this
reason, the lack of an express power of modification under the LTA is
irrelevant to the Main Application. In this regard, I agree with Mr Quek that
“there are no additional rights conferred or liabilities imposed on either a
registered easement or an unregistered one so long as it is one subsisting at
the date when the land was brought under the [LTA]”.[note: 6]

52 The Court of Appeal in _Yickvi_ explained that, because of the scarcity of
land in Singapore, there is a public interest element in allowing land to be
developed to its optimal potential as permitted by planning law, provided that
the party whose easement is affected suffers no injury or inconvenience as a
result, and a further public interest to avoid litigation. Chan Sek Keong CJ
in _Yickvi_ at [15]–[16] made the following salient observations:

We disagreed with counsel's submission that there was no element of public
interest in the present case. In our view, there were _two_ elements of public
interest in the present case. First, because of the scarcity of land in
Singapore, land should be allowed to be developed to its optimal potential as
permitted by planning law and the claimant suffers no injury or inconvenience
as a result. In the present case, the competent authority had already given
Pacific Rover permission to realign the original road and, in our view, it was
not reasonable on the part of Yickvi to deny Pacific Rover the opportunity to
do so when it would not suffer inconvenience from the realignment of the
original road. Yickvi would continue to enjoy a right of way over the
realigned road. In fact, Yickvi would stand to _benefit_ from the realignment
as it would be getting a right of way over a _new_ road leading to Newton
Road. Otherwise, Yickvi would have to incur more expenditure in having to
redevelop the original road to cater to the needs of the occupiers of its new
development that might arise from the substantially increased usage as a
result of the new development on its plot.

The second public interest element discernible from the facts of this case was
the avoidance of more litigation over Yickvi’s right to enjoy the right of way
that might arise should the injunction be granted. The circumstances in which
the right of way was granted to Yickvi’s predecessors in title have changed
dramatically since 1903 when it was first granted ... and this might affect
the degree to which it could be enjoyed by the purchasers or occupiers of the
apartments under construction by Yickvi. The right of way was granted _only_
for the enjoyment of the occupiers of _one_ residential house on the Servient
Land. But, with the completion of Yickvi’s development, at least ten
households (as compared with the original single household) would now be
entitled to enjoy the right of way. This could constitute excessive use of the
right of way not contemplated by the grant (see this court's decision in _Lee
Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Plan No 301_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 875) and might
lead Pacific Rover, by way of retaliation, to commence proceedings to restrain
Yicvki and its purchasers and/or occupiers from such excessive use.

[emphasis added]

53 The Main Application is premised on satisfying the two public interests
articulated in _Yickvi_ which is not strictly before me in the Striking Out
Application. They would, instead, be considered in the Main Application.
However, I should add that at the 3 April hearing, when confronted with the
defendant’s new argument, I did ask the parties whether the easement in
_Yickvi_ was, at the material time, registered under the LTA as no distinction
appeared to have been made in _Yickvi_ or even _Greenwich_ on the effect or
lack of registration of the easement. Mr Ricquier invited me to draw the
inference from a plain reading of _Yickvi_ at [4] that the easement must have
been unregistered. I was not prepared to draw any such inference particularly
when it was capable of verification by a simple search. Pursuant to my
direction, both parties have since conducted the relevant searches and
confirmed in their further submissions that the easement in _Yickvi_ was not
registered under the LTA.[note: 7] It remains a common law easement. However,
having considered the matter further with the benefit of full arguments from
both parties, I concluded that the distinction made no practicable difference
to the relevance or applicability of the _Yickvi_ principles in the Main
Application (see [49] to [51] above).

Conclusion

54 For the reasons above, I find that the defendant’s argument is without
merit. The lack of an express power to modify registered easements under the
LTA does not preclude the court from granting the declaratory reliefs sought
in the Main Application. Accordingly, the defendant’s Striking Out Application
is dismissed with costs which I fixed at $10,000 inclusive of disbursements.

55 The Main Application will be heard on a date to be fixed though I hope that
with this decision, parties can arrive at a sensible commercial resolution.
Though the merits of the Main Application have not been fully ventilated
before me, it seems clear to me that the public interest element, on the facts
of the present dispute, is satisfied given the purpose to optimise the
redevelopment of the land. As for inconvenience/injury to the defendant, I
shall say no more other than to observe that the main user of the existing
Easement, SP Power, has confirmed that they have no objection to its proposed
realignment. The defendant alleges that the proposed realignment would
effectively extinguish the existing Easement. This is a curious submission
since it does not appear to be disputed that the entrance to the path from Lot
638 has been closed since 2007. There is no material before me to suggest that
the defendant or even SP Power has suffered any injury or inconvenience
arising from the closure of the entrance. How would the realignment of the
existing path which would reopen the entrance cause substantial injury or
inconvenience to the defendant?

56 My survey of the Torrens systems of other Commonwealth jurisdictions has
revealed that the power to modify easements is expressly provided in most of
them. I have not been able to discern any particular reason why the express
power has not been included in the LTA. It is no coincidence that in the three
Commonwealth jurisdictions where no statutory power exists to modify
easements, namely, the UK, Victoria, Australia and Ontario, Canada, the
respective Law Commissions have taken steps to address that lacuna in the law
to “achieve the more efficient use of the land subject to [easements]” (see UK
Law Commission, _Easements, Covenants and Profits à_ _Prendre: A Consultation
Paper_ (Consultation Paper No. 186) (London: The Stationery Office, 2008) (“
_UK Law Commission Consultation Paper_ ”) at paras 14.24–14.32; _Victoria Law
Commission Consultation Paper_ , cited above at [47]; Ontario Law Reform
Commission, _Report on Basic Principles of Land Law_ (Toronto: The Commission,
1996) at pp 154–155). Indeed, another compelling factor which the Court of
Appeal took into account in granting the declaratory relief in _Yickvi_ was
the public interest to avoid litigation. As the _UK Law Commission
Consultation Paper_ stated at para 14.32: “to give free rein to [the] self-
help [mechanism under the common law] would in all likelihood provoke disputes
between neighbours, developers and objectors that would tend to lead to
contested litigation”. Given the increased activity in the property
redevelopment sector, it is perhaps timely for the Legislature to review the
necessity to introduce into our LTA the express power to modify easements. I
believe it will go some way to further reduce litigation such as the present
case.

* * *

[note: 1]Tan Bee Kim’s Affidavit (“TBKA”) at paras. 6 – 7.

[note: 2]_Id._ at para. 9.

[note: 3]_Id._ at paras. 8 and 10.

[note: 4]_Id._ at para.11.

[note: 5]_Id._ at paras. 21-25.

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 35.

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions at [25]; Defendant’s Written
Submissions at [4], Appendices 3 and 4.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

