Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Kheng Chun Ray _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGCA 10

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 3 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (RHT Law LLP) for the
appellant; Anandan Bala and Kathryn Thong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Kheng Chun Ray — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 183.]

3 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the sentence imposed by the High Court Judge
(“the Judge”) in _PP v Tan Kheng Chun Ray_ [2011] SGHC 183 (“the GD”). The
Appellant pleaded guilty to seven charges under the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The charges, as well as the sentences meted out
by the Judge in respect of each charge (which have been placed in
parentheses), were as follows:[note: 1]

_First Charge_ (22 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, on the 10th day of October 2009 at about 11.45
p.m., at the Woodlands Checkpoint Arrival Car Green Channel, Singapore, did
import into Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class ‘A’ of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, four (04) packets of
granular/powdery substance containing not less than 14.99 grams of
Diamorphine, without any authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 7 and
punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

_Second Charge_ (5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, on the 10th day of October 2009 at about 11.45
p.m., at the Woodlands Checkpoint Arrival Car Green Channel, Singapore, did
import into Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class ‘A’ of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, two (02) packets of
crystalline substance containing not less than 1.12 grams of Methamphetamine,
without any authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made
thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 7 and
punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

_Third Charge_ (8 months’ imprisonment)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, sometime on the 10th day of October 2009, in
Malaysia, did consume a Specified Drug listed in the Fourth Schedule to the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, Methamphetamine, without any
authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 8(b)(ii) read with section 8A
and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

_Fourth Charge_ (3 months’ imprisonment)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, on the 10th day of October 2009 at about 11.45
p.m., at the Woodlands Checkpoint Arrival Car Green Channel, Singapore, did
have in your possession utensils intended for the consumption of a controlled
drug, to wit, one (01) glass tube, one (01) empty glassware with one (01)
insert and one (01) glass pipe, and one (01) empty straw which were found to
be stained with Methamphetamine, without any authorisation under the said Act
or the Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence
under section 9 and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act,
Chapter 185.

_Fifth Charge_ (3 months’ imprisonment)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, on the 10th day of October 2009 at about 11.45
p.m., at the Woodlands Checkpoint Arrival Car Green Channel, Singapore, did
have in your possession utensils intended for the consumption of a controlled
drug, to wit, five (05) empty glassware and eighteen (18) glass pipes, without
any authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and
you have thereby committed an offence under section 9 and punishable under
section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

_Sixth Charge_ (3 months’ imprisonment)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, on the 11th day of October 2009 at about 7.46
p.m., at No. 1, Queensway #08-63, Queensway Tower, Singapore, did have in your
possession utensils intended for the consumption of a controlled drug, to wit,
one (01) empty glassware with two (02) inserts which were found to be stained
with Methamphetamine, without any authorisation under the said Act or the
Regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 9 and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter
185.

_Seventh Charge_ (3 months’ imprisonment)

That you, Tan Kheng Chun Ray, on the 11th day of October 2009 at about 7.46
p.m., at No. 1, Queensway #08-63, Queensway Tower, Singapore, did have in your
possession a controlled drug specified in Class ‘C’ of the First Schedule to
the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, three (03) tablets containing
Nimetazepam, without any authorisation under the said Act or the Regulations
made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under section 8(a)
and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

2 The Judge sentenced the Appellant to a total sentence of 27 years’
imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane. In arriving at this decision, the
Judge ordered the sentences in respect of the First and Second charges to be
served consecutively pursuant to s 18 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed (see now s 307 of the Criminal Procedure Code (No 15 of 2010)),
with the sentences in respect of the Third to Seventh charges to run
concurrently with the sentences in respect of the First and Second charges. We
allowed the appeal to the extent that the total sentence was reduced to 22
years and 8 months’ imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane, and now give the
detailed grounds for our decision.

The Facts

3 The Appellant is a 30 year old Singaporean who was educated in Perth,
Australia. At the time of his arrest, he was a regular with the Republic of
Singapore Navy. He had no antecedents prior to committing the present
offences. The facts pertaining to the commission of the offences may be
summarised as follows.[note: 2] On 10 October 2009, at approximately 11.45pm,
the Appellant drove his motor car alone into Singapore _via_ the Woodlands
Checkpoint. At the Woodlands Checkpoint, the Appellant was directed by an
officer of the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”) to Lane 6 of the
Arrival Car Green Channel Zone for an inspection.

4 During the inspection, the ICA officers discovered a box of tissues on the
floor behind the driver’s seat. Various glassware and glass pipes were found
inside the tissue box. The ICA officers then activated officers of the Central
Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) for assistance. Upon inspection by the CNB officers,
the following items were found within the vehicle:

(a) One red plastic bag behind the radio console containing two packets of
granular/powdery substances wrapped in a newspaper;

(b) One orange plastic bag inside the compartment below the handbrake, which
also contained two packets of granular/powdery substances wrapped in a
newspaper; and

(c) One black pouch in the compartment below the radio console, which
contained two packets of crystalline substance, a glass tube, a glass pipe and
a straw.

5 The aforesaid items were seized by the CNB officers and the Appellant was
placed under arrest. Analysis of the exhibits seized from the Appellant during
his arrest at the Woodlands Checkpoint revealed the following contents: 30.91
grams of diamorphine;[note: 3] 1.12 grams of methamphetamine;[note: 4] and two
sets of utensils intended to be used for consumption of drugs. These exhibits
formed the subject matter of the First, Second, Fourth and Fifth charges (see
[1] above).

6 After his arrest, the Appellant was accompanied by CNB officers to his
residence. Upon searching his residence, three tablets (which were
subsequently analysed and found to contain nimetazepam) and one glassware with
two inserts (which was subsequently analysed and found to be stained with
methamphetamine) were found. The Appellant was also subjected to a urine test
which revealed that he had consumed methamphetamine. The Third, Sixth and
Seventh charges arose from this set of facts (see [1] above).

7 According to the Appellant, he was in financial difficulties in the years
2008 and 2009. These difficulties emanated from escalating credit card and
mobile phone bills which amounted to approximately $13,000. In order to settle
his bills, the Appellant borrowed money from family and friends. The Appellant
was subsequently approached by a person by the name of Eric on 10 October 2009
in Johor Bahru. Eric proposed that the Appellant import drugs into Singapore
in exchange for payment of $2,500. The drugs were to be passed on to a courier
after the Appellant arrived in Singapore. The Appellant was acquainted with
Eric prior to 10 October 2009 as they used to have drinks together. The
Appellant agreed to Eric’s proposal as he was keen to obtain the sum of
$2,500. Thereafter, the Appellant gave Eric the keys to his car for the latter
to load drugs onto the car. After Eric had loaded drugs onto the Appellant’s
vehicle, the Appellant drove back to Singapore _via_ the Woodlands Checkpoint
where he was arrested. Investigations further revealed that the Appellant had
consumed methamphetamine in Johor Bahru prior to his arrest, and that he had
admitted ownership over the drug utensils which formed the subject matter of
the Fourth to Seventh charges.

The Judge’s decision on the appropriate sentence

8 The factors weighted by the Judge in arriving at the sentences imposed were
succinctly stated at [17] of the GD, as follows:

The circumstances and conduct of the [Appellant] before and after his arrest
are also important matters to be considered. I kept in mind the mitigating
factors, i.e that he had pleaded guilty to all the charges, that he had co-
operated in the investigations and that he had no antecedents. I also took
into account other factors:

(a) at 30 years old he is in the prime of his life;

(b) he is reasonably well-educated;

(c) he has a steady job;

(d) his accumulated debt of $13,000 was not large, and was incurred by him in
credit card and mobile phone expenses;

(e) he was not put under pressure to commit the offences, but was tempted by
the allure of quick cash, as his counsel put it; and

(f) he would have faced the death penalty on conviction if the quantity of
diamorphine was not reduced by the prosecution.

9 The Judge also clearly explained his decision not to impose the minimum
sentence in respect of the First Charge (at [19] of the GD). In doing so, the
Judge considered that the actual quantum of diamorphine imported by the
Appellant (30.91 grams) was considerable and was actually more than twice the
quantity which could have attracted the mandatory death sentence, and that
there were no compelling extenuating circumstances in the commission of the
offence.

10 Crucially, and most relevantly to the present appeal, the Judge held (at
[21] of the GD) that the one-transaction rule (discussed at [13] below) did
not apply in respect of the First and Second charges. As such, the Judge was
of the view that he was not constrained in ordering the sentences in respect
of the First and Second charges to be served consecutively. In the Judge’s
view, a total sentence of 27 years’ imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane
was appropriate. The Judge’s reasoning was primarily set out at [29] of the
GD, as follows:

In the present case, the [Appellant] had rendered his services to Eric to
import a substantial quantity of diamorphine from Johor Bahru into Singapore.
In addition to that, he was importing methamphetamine into Singapore on his
own account, he was consuming drugs, and he had other drugs in his residence
and was in possession of utensils for drug consumption. He was fortunate that
the prosecution reduced the quantity of diamorphine in Charge 1 so that the
capital punishment would not be imposed. Looking at all the circumstances, an
effective sentence of 27 years imprisonment is not disproportionate to the
[Appellant’s] total culpability.

The issues before this court

11 As already mentioned at the outset of this judgment, the appeal is one in
relation to sentence. In this regard, the law as to when appellate courts will
interfere with sentences meted out by trial courts was succinctly stated by
Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the grounds of decision of this court in PP v UI
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“PP v UI”), as follows (at [12]):

It is, of course, well established (see, _inter alia_ , _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [
1985-1986] SLR(R) 976 and _Ong Ah Tiong v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 587) that an
appellate court will not ordinarily disturb the sentence imposed by the trial
court except where it is satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge erred with respect to the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) the trial judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate, as the
case may be.

12 Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Subhas Anandan (“Mr Anandan”), informed this
court that _no_ challenge was being mounted against the _individual_ sentences
meted out by the Judge _vis-a-vis_ each charge. Rather, the thrust of the
Appellant’s arguments was that the Judge should not have ordered the sentences
meted out in respect of the First and Second charges to be served
consecutively. What the Appellant was seeking, therefore, was a reduction of
the overall sentence by reconfiguring the sentences which the Appellant was to
serve consecutively. This approach to the appeal by Mr Anandan was, in our
view, fair and eminently sound as the sentences meted _vis-a-vis_ each
individual charge were, in our view, consistent with the relevant sentencing
precedents and could not be challenged on any of the grounds stated in _PP v
UI_ (at [11] above). Two specific issues arose from the contention put forth
by Mr Anandan: firstly, whether the one-transaction rule applied in respect of
the First and Second charges; and secondly, if the one-transaction rule
applied, whether the total sentence meted by the Judge could nevertheless be
justified.

Whether the one-transaction rule applied in respect of the First and Second
charges

13 The nature of the one-transaction rule was discussed by V K Rajah J in the
Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Law Aik Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“
_Law Aik Meng_ ”), as follows (at [52]):

The one-transaction rule requires that where two or more offences are
committed in the course of a single transaction, all sentences in respect of
those offences should be concurrent rather than consecutive: _Maideen Pillai v
PP_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 706; _Kanagasuntharam v PP_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 874 (“
_Kanagasuntharam_ ”). Prof Andrew Ashworth in _Sentencing and Criminal
Justice_ [(24(f)] supra) at p 245 interpreted the _raison d’être_ for the
“single transaction” principle in terms of proximity in time _and_ proximity
in type of offence. Such an interpretation was also adopted by Dr D A Thomas
in _Principles of Sentencing_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) (“ _Principles of
Sentencing_ ”), who opined at p 54:

The concept of ‘single transaction’ may be held to cover a sequence of
offences involving a repetition of _the same behaviour_ towards the _same
victim_ ... provided the offences are committed _within a relatively short
space of time_. [emphasis added]

14 And, in the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Firdaus bin Abdullah_
[2010] 3 SLR 225 (“ _Firdaus_ ”), Chan Sek Keong CJ observed thus (at
[27]–[28]):

27 The “one transaction” rule, together with the totality principle, provides
a useful guide for the court to assess whether concurrent or consecutive
sentences should be imposed when an offender has done a criminal act or acts
which have resulted in a plurality of offences. A related principle that
should be borne in mind is where an offender is convicted of various offences
arising from what is essentially one incident, his overall sentence should
reflect his role and culpability in the incident as a whole. _The rationale
underpinning these principles is that of proportionality in punishment_ : see
_Jeffery bin Abdullah v PP_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 414 at [16] and _PP v Law Aik
Meng_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 814 (“ _Law Aik Meng”_) at [60].

28 Put simply, the essence of the “one transaction” rule is that where two or
more offences are committed in the course of a single transaction, all
sentences in respect of these offences should be concurrent rather than
consecutive (the rule is, however, subject to the qualification in s 18 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) in Singapore). The English Court
of Appeal observed in _R v Peter John Kastercum_ (1972) 56 Cr App R 298 at
299-300 that:

[W]here several offences are tried together and arise out of the same
transaction, it is a good working rule that the sentences imposed for those
offences should be made concurrent. _The reason for that is because if a man
is charged with several serious offences arising out of the same situation and
consecutive sentences are imposed, the total very often proves to be much too
great for the incident in question. That is only an ordinary working rule_ ;
it is perfectly open to a trial judge in a case such as the present to
approach this in one of two ways. If he thinks that the assault on the police
officer is really part and parcel of the original offence and is to be treated
as an aggravation of the original offence, he can reflect it in the sentence
for the original offence. If he does that, it is logical and right that any
separate sentence for the assault should be made concurrent. On the other
hand, and, as this Court thinks, a better course, in cases where an offender
assaults the police in an effort to escape, the sentence for the principal
offence can be fixed independently of the assault on the constable, and the
assault on the constable can be dealt with by a separate and consecutive
sentence. [emphasis added]

This approach was approved by the Court of Appeal in _V Murugesan v PP_ [2006]
1 SLR(R) 388 (“ _Murugesan_ ”) at [34]. In _Law Aik Meng_ , the court also
endorsed Prof Andrew Ashworth's remarks in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_
(Cambridge University Press, 4th Ed, 2005) at p 244 that the “one transaction”
rule “seems to be little more than a pragmatic device for limiting overall
sentences rather than a reflection of a sharp category distinction”, which
consequently hindered the definition of what constituted a single transaction
(at [56]). In that sense, the rule is really just another way of formulating
the totality principle.

[emphasis in original]

15 Much would, however, depend on _the precise facts and circumstances of the
case_ that are before the court concerned. Hence, none of the elements of
proximity referred to in the preceding paragraph is conclusive (see, for
example, the Singapore High Court decisions of _Meeran bin Mydin v PP_ [1998]
1 SLR(R) 522, especially at [12] and _Fricker Oliver v PP_ [2011] 1 SLR 84,
especially at [25]). This is perhaps why Chan CJ observed, in _Firdaus_ (at
[31]), that “[r]ecent case law illustrates the uncertain boundaries of the
‘one-transaction’ principle”. As importantly, the one-transaction rule ought
to be applied in a _commonsensical_ way as well (see, for example, _per_ Chan
CJ in _Firdaus_ (at [38]), where the learned Chief Justice observed that
“[u]ltimately, any analysis must take a commonsensical view as to what forms
part of a single transaction”.).

16 A qualification must, however, be noted in respect of the one-transaction
rule: that it is not meant to be an inflexible rule which inhibits the
imposition of deterrent consecutive sentences when appropriate. As Rajah J
pertinently observed in _Law Aik Meng_ (at [55] and [56]):

55 It is also appropriate to reiterate that the one-transaction rule should
not be construed as a hard and fast rule rigidly applied across the board. In
this context, in _Kanagasuntharam_ ([52] _supra_), Yong CJ observed at [6]:

_The general rule, however, is not an absolute rule_. The English courts have
recognised that there are situations where consecutive sentences are necessary
to discourage the type of criminal conduct being punished: see _R v Faulkner_
(1972) 56 Cr App R 594 _, R v Wheatley_ (1983) 5 Cr App R (S) 417 and _R v
Skinner_ (1968) 8 Cr App R (S) 166. _The applicability of the exception is
said to depend on the facts of the case and the circumstances of the offence_.
It is stated in broad and general terms and although it may be criticised as
vague, it is necessarily in such terms _in order that the sentencer may impose
an appropriate sentence in each particular case upon each particular offender
at the particular time the case is heard_. [emphasis added]

Further, in recognising that the one-transaction rule is not carved in stone
and should be applied sensibly, the Court of Appeal in _V Murugesan v PP_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 388 (“ _V Murugesan_ ”) also referred to the case of _R v
Peter John Kastercum_ (1972) 56 Cr App R 298, where the English Court of
Appeal had considered the principles for determining whether sentences for
convictions of a substantive offence and of assault on a police officer should
run concurrently or consecutively. The English Court of Appeal had
rationalised the one-transaction rule, at 299-300, in the following terms (see
_V Murugesan_ at [34]):

[W]here several offences are tried together and arise out of the same
transaction, it is a good working rule that the sentences imposed for those
offences should be made concurrent. The reason for that is because if a man is
charged with several serious offences arising out of the same situation and
consecutive sentences are imposed, the total very often proves to be much too
great for the incident in question. _That is only an ordinary working rule;
..._ [emphasis added]

56 Indeed, in _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ ([25(b)] _supra_), Prof
Ashworth has also perceptively remarked that one stumbling block in
constructing a workable definition of a “single transaction” for the one-
transaction rule is that “it seems to be little more than a pragmatic device
for limiting overall sentences rather than a reflection of a sharp category
distinction”: see p 244. Therefore, where consecutive sentences are in keeping
with the gravity of the offences, courts should not impose concurrent
sentences simply because they feel fettered by the presumed operation of the
one-transaction rule. I am persuaded in any event that even if the offences in
the present case might conceivably be perceived as part of a single
transaction, consecutive sentences are nonetheless not only more appropriate
here, they are in fact dictated by the gravity of the offences involved.

Reference may also be made to _Firdaus_ (at [29] and [38]).

17 The Judge in the present case considered that the one-transaction rule did
not apply in respect of the First and Second Charges because the drugs in
respect of each of the two charges were imported for different purposes: the
diamorphine was imported for the specific purpose of passing on to a drug
courier whilst the metamphetamine was imported for the Appellant’s own
consumption. During the hearing before us, the Prosecution – not surprisingly
– supported this reasoning of the Judge. On closer analysis, however, such
reasoning yields, with respect, counterintuitive results. We elaborate by
considering a hypothetical situation. If the Appellant had imported the
methamphetamine for the purpose of passing it on to a drug courier (the same
purpose for which he had imported the diamorphine), the one-transaction rule
would apply in his favour. This, in our view, would be an unsatisfactory
application of the one-transaction rule because importing drugs for the
purpose of trafficking is more serious than importation of drugs for one’s own
consumption. Such a view is founded upon the fact that trafficking in drugs
generally carries stiffer penalties as compared to possession and/or
consumption of drugs (see the Second Schedule to the Act for the prescribed
penalties). Given that it is trite that motive in committing an offence is a
relevant sentencing consideration (see, for example, the Singapore High Court
decision of _Zhao Zhipeng v PP_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 879 at [37]), it would, with
respect, be wrong, on the facts of this particular case, to reject the one-
transaction rule and sentence a less culpable offender to a more severe
sentence – especially when we bear in mind the fact (already referred to above
at [15]) that the application of the one-transaction rule is also an exercise
in commonsense. It also bears repeating that the application of this rule
depends very much on the precise facts and circumstances of the case at hand
(see also above at [15]). Looked at from the perspectives of logic,
commonsense as well as the facts and circumstances of the present case,
although counsel for the Prosecution, Mr Anandan Bala (“Mr Bala”), argued
forcefully that there was a distinction between the offences brought against
the Appellant pursuant to the First and Second Charges, this was, in our view,
only a _literal_ distinction. When the precise facts and circumstances are
viewed in relation to their _substance_ (as opposed to mere form) in the
context of both logic as well as commonsense, it seemed to us that there was
indeed one transaction in so far as the Appellant’s actions with regard to the
First and Second Charges were concerned.

18 In the circumstances, we are of the view that the one-transaction rule
applies in respect of the First and Second charges as the offences underlying
these charges were committed in one instance in so far as the Appellant had
imported both the diamorphine and metamphetamine into Singapore at the same
time _via_ the same modus by transporting them in his vehicle. As a
consequence, we are of the view that the sentences meted out in respect of the
First and Second charges should be ordered to be served concurrently.

Whether the total sentence meted by the Judge could still be justified

19 During the hearing before us, the Prosecution argued that, even if the one-
transaction rule could be applied in favour of the Appellant, the total
sentence meted out by the Judge may not necessarily be manifestly excessive.
The Prosecution submitted (in accordance with the principle stated at [16]
above) that courts are not inexorably constrained by the one-transaction rule,
and that the severity of the present offences called for a deterrent sentence
which may be meted out by ordering the sentences in respect of the First and
Second charges to be served consecutively. In particular, the Prosecution
relied upon in the Singapore High Court decision of _PP v Tan Kiam Peng_
[2007] 1 SLR(R) 522 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng_ ”) (affirmed in _Tan Kiam Peng v PP_
[2008]1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Tan Kiam Peng (CA)_ ”)) where V K Rajah J highlighted the
severity of drug related offences, as follows (at [8] (and see observations to
like effect in _Tan Kiam Peng (CA)_ at [27]–[28] and [179]–[181])):

The drug trade is a major social evil. While drug peddlers may not be visibly
seen or caught taking away or damaging lives, they nonetheless inflict
alarmingly insidious problems on society that have the potential to destroy
its very fabric if left unchecked. Each successful trafficker has the
disturbing potential to inflict enormous and enduring harm over an extremely
wide circle of victims. Apart from the harm that drugs inflict on an addict’s
well-being, drug trafficking engenders and feeds a vicious cycle of crime that
inexorably ripples through the community.

20 Mr Bala further submitted that sentencing precedents in relation to
offences of importing or trafficking in not less than 14.99 grams of
diamorphine (as was the case in relation to the First Charge) demonstrated
that courts have meted out terms of imprisonment ranging from the statutory
minimum sentence of 20 years’ imprisonment up to 25 years’ imprisonment along
with 15 to 20 strokes of the cane. In addition, Mr Bala argued that courts had
previously calibrated sentences in the same manner as the Judge did. As such,
it was argued that the total sentence of 27 years’ imprisonment and 20 strokes
of the cane meted out by the Judge in this case was not manifestly excessive.
In advancing this argument, the Prosecution relied, in the main, on two
precedents. We will now address each of them in turn.

21 The first case relied upon by the Prosecution was _PP v Ng Teng_ _Kian_ in
criminal case no 5 of 2010 (unreported) (“ _Ng Teng Kian_ ”) where the
offender pleaded guilty to three charges under s 7 of the Act for importing
not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine, 15.58 grams of methamphetamine and
one tablet containing nimetazepam. The offender was sentenced to 22 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane for the charge of importing
diamorphine, 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane for importing
methamphetamine, and 3 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane for the
remaining charge. The sentence of 22 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the
cane was ordered to be served consecutively with the sentence of 5 years’
imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane. The total sentence meted out was thus
27 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. The offender in _Ng Teng
Kian_ had a dissimilar antecedent of attempting to enter a protected place
without permission. A factor which immediately distinguishes the culpability
of the Appellant from the offender in _Ng Teng Kian_ was the difference in the
quantities of methamphetamine imported: the offender in _Ng Teng Kian_
imported close to 15 times the amount of methamphetamine imported by the
Appellant.

22 The second case relied upon by the Prosecution was _PP v Irzan Azhar bin
Mohd Rozi_ in criminal case no 22 of 2008 (unreported) (“ _Irzan Azhar bin
Mohd Rozi_ ”). The offender had pleaded guilty to two charges of engaging in
conspiracies to traffic in not less than 14.99 grams of diamorphine and 8.36
grams of methamphetamine which were offences under section 5(1)(a) read with
section 12 of the Act. For the charge of conspiring to traffic in not less
than 14.99 grams of diamorphine, the offender was sentenced to 25 years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes
of the cane was meted out in respect of the remaining charge. Both sentences
were ordered to be served consecutively thus resulting in a total sentence of
30 years’ imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane. By way of antecedents, the
offender in _Irzan Azhar bin Mohd Rozi_ had significant drug related
antecedents, having previously trafficked in diamorphine – the very same
offence he had been charged with in _Irzan Azhar bin Mohd Rozi_ – and also had
previously consumed morphine and methamphetamine, as well as possessed
utensils for drug taking. The significant antecedents present in _Irzan Azhar
bin Mohd Rozi_ were completely absent in the present case as the Appellant, as
already noted, is a first time offender. This fact, in and of itself, suffices
in distinguishing the precedential value of _Irzan Azhar bin Mohd Rozi_ from
the present case. However, during the hearing before us, Mr Bala very fairly
highlighted a further distinguishing factor which was not readily apparent:
that the offender in _Irzan Azhar bin Mohd Rozi_ was embroiled in a drug
syndicate and that this factor featured prominently when the sentence was
calibrated.

23 In view of the significant distinguishing factors between the present case
and the precedents cited by the Prosecution (as discussed at [21] and [22]
above), we were of the view that there were no significant aggravating factors
in the present case which warranted the imposition of consecutive sentences in
respect of the First and Second charges.

Our decision on the appropriate sentence

24 We are well aware of the evils of the drug trade and fully endorse the
observations in _Tan Kiam Peng_ (reproduced above at [19]). However, for the
reasons set out above, the appeal against the sentence imposed by the Judge is
allowed and the sentence in respect of the First charge is to be served
consecutively with the sentence in respect of the Third charge, while the
terms of imprisonment imposed by the Judge in the court below in respect of
the remaining charges are to be served concurrently. The total sentence is
therefore 22 years and 8 months’ imprisonment with 20 strokes of the cane.

* * *

[note: 1]See Record of Proceedings (“ROP”), Vol II, pp 1–4, and the GD at
[18].

[note: 2]The Statement of Facts to which the Appellant pleaded guilty is found
at ROP, Vol II, p 5.

[note: 3]See ROP, Vol II, pp 11–17.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , pp 18–21.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

