Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Shaik Abu Bakar Bin Abdul Sukol _v_ Saag Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd
and another  
[2012] SGHC 251

Case Number| :| Suit No 717 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 December 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Krishna Morthy SV (instructed) (Frontier Law Corporation)
for the plaintiff; Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Grace Tan Hui Ying (KhattarWong
LLP) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Shaik Abu Bakar Bin Abdul Sukol — Saag Oilfield Engineering (S)
Pte Ltd and another  
  
18 December 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 Saag Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (“the first defendant”) is a company
in the business of manufacturing and repairing oilfield and gas field
machinery and equipment, including derricks. PPL Shipyard Pte Ltd (“the second
defendant”) is a company engaged in the construction, repairing and improving
of oil rigs, ships and other ocean going vessels. The second defendant has a
shipyard (“the Worksite”) located at 21 Pandan Road, Singapore. The first
defendant has gone into liquidation and the trial before me involved only the
second defendant. At the material time, Shaik Abu Bakar Bin Abdul Sukok (“the
plaintiff”) was employed by the first defendant as a derrick builder. On 4
February 2008, the plaintiff suffered injury in an accident while working at
the Worksite and in this suit, claimed against the second defendant for
damages in negligence and breach of statutory duty.

2 The first defendant was contracted to install the derrick, a structure
forming a part of an oil rig being constructed at the Worksite. On the day in
question, the plaintiff reported for work at the Worksite. He claimed that,
although he had worked at various jobs involving oil rig construction, that
day was the first time he had worked on a derrick. Counsel for the second
defendant objected to this bit of evidence which was not pleaded nor stated in
the plaintiff’s affidavit. However given the finding I eventually made, this
point is not material. In the event, the plaintiff reported to his supervisor,
Mr Chong Chun Voon (“Voon”) and, along with the four other members of his
team, they proceeded to the derrick. They were issued with harnesses and
ropes, helmets, safety goggles, but not walkie talkies as the batteries were
flat. The plaintiff said that he did not have gloves that day. He asked Voon
for a spare pair, but the latter did not have any. Voon told him to proceed
without gloves as the job was required to be completed urgently.

3 The plaintiff was tasked to climb to the top of the derrick which was the
height of a 12-storey building. The team was to hoist counterweights – blocks
of steel – to the top of the derrick using an electrical winch. The motor was
located at the bottom of the derrick and a steel cable ran from it to a pulley
at the top of the derrick. As the winch coiled in the cable, the load would be
lifted up. As there were no walkie talkies, the team communicated by hand
signals.

4 The accident occurred during the first lifting operation. As the load was
being hoisted up, the team members could see that some scaffolding that was
installed around parts of the derrick was obstructing the path of the load,
and so they stopped the lifting just before the load reached the scaffolding.
The plaintiff looked down from his position atop the derrick. He saw Voon
indicating to him to shake the cable to try to steer the counterweight into a
position that would enable it to avoid the scaffolding. The plaintiff did as
he was told. He could also see Voon shaking from his position below. When Voon
stopped shaking the cable, the plaintiff looked down but his left hand was
still holding the cable. That was when the winch motor was started, the cable
moved up with the plaintiff’s hand holding it and his fingers were caught
between the sheave and the wire of the pulley. The plaintiff suffered injuries
requiring the amputation of his left index and middle fingers.

5 The second defendant called its safety supervisor, Bernard Tang Kwok Loong
(“Tang”) to give evidence. As safety supervisor, Tang’s task was to inspect
the Worksite to look out for unsafe work conditions and to advise management
and supervisors of the requirements of the Workplace Safety and Health Act
(Cap 354A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) and the regulations made thereunder. Tang
said that every morning, before 9am, a meeting of the Vessel Safety
Coordination Committee (“VSCC”) was held, at which all jobs for the day were
highlighted for coordination. Before a job was started, a safety personnel
went to the worksite to ensure that it was safe to proceed with the work. Tang
gave evidence that the second defendant was supposed to continually check the
safety environment. If any worker did not comply with safety measures, he
would be advised. But if the advice was not heeded, the second defendant would
impose a penalty. For example if a worker refused to wear a safety helmet even
when he was advised to do so, Tang would bring in the supervisor, evict the
worker from worksite and impose a penalty. For hot work, a permit was
required; the safety officer would go to the site to evaluate the conditions
there and issue permit only if it was safe for such works to be carried out.
Tang said that for lifting works, a permit was required.

6 Tang testified that on 4 February 2008, the day of the accident, he was at
work. He said that he was aware a team was to work at the derrick and that the
supervisor had informed those present at the VSCC meeting that lifting work
would be carried out on that day. Tang was in charge of investigating the
accident after it happened. However he did not take any photographs of the
site of the accident shortly after the event and the only available evidence
before me of the circumstances of the accident site are eye witness accounts
from Tang and the plaintiff.

7 Tang said that one of his colleagues had inspected the site prior to the
lifting, probably a few days earlier. He said that such inspection was needed
because lifting involved works at a height and there was a need to ensure that
the area was barricaded to ensure that unauthorised persons did not enter the
area of lifting. Tang agreed that the scaffolding was a danger to the lifting
works. He could not remember if the scaffolding was removed after the accident
to facilitate the lifting works.

8 Tang said that the report showed that there was scaffolding just below the
crown block of the derrick and that while lifting was in progress, part of the
load would be impeded by the scaffolding. Tang said that had he been there on
that day and saw the scaffolding obstruct the lifting works, he would have
stopped it. He said that he would not have agreed to the load being lifted by
pushing against the cable to steer the load away from the scaffolding.

My decision

9 The Worksite was a “workplace” under the Act, a term defined in s 5(1) as
“any premises where a person is at work or is to work ... and includes a
factory”. It is also a factory, defined in s 5(2)(_a_)(iii) as “any premises
within which persons are employed in ... the repair, construction or
manufacturing of any vessel or vehicle”. The Act imposes certain duties on the
occupier of a workplace. This is spelt out in s 11 which provides as follows:

**11**. It shall be the duty of every occupier of any workplace to take, so
far as is reasonably practicable, such measures to ensure that —

(_a_) the workplace;

(_b_) all means of access to or egress from the workplace; and

(_c_) any machinery, equipment, plant, article or substance kept on the
workplace,

are safe and without risks to health to every person within those premises,
whether or not the person is at work or is an employee of the occupier.

10 The facts showed that the second defendant is clearly in breach of his
statutory duty under s 11 of the Act. However this provision was not pleaded
in the statement of claim. The plaintiff’s counsel applied to amend the
statement of claim on 8 May 2012 when counsel appeared before me to make oral
submissions after the trial. This was opposed by counsel for the second
defendant on the ground that the 3-year limitation period for personal injury
had passed. I therefore disallowed the application to amend. As the breach of
statutory duty must be specifically pleaded, this ground could not aid the
plaintiff’s case against the second defendant. The plaintiff’s pleaded ground
against the second defendant was in respect of s 12(1) of the Act. However s
12(1) pertains to an employer-employee relationship and as the second
defendant was not the plaintiff’s employer, this pleaded ground was not
relevant _vis-à-vis_ the second defendant.

11 Nonetheless, the facts of this case clearly supported a finding of
negligence against the second defendant in my view. The second defendant was
the occupier of the Worksite, in which many subcontractors operate to build a
complex multi-million dollar oil rig within a tight timeframe. There were many
possible dangerous situations in such circumstances; indeed the second
defendant had dedicated a team of safety officers to ensure that the place was
safe for all to work. In the circumstances, the second defendant owed a duty
of care to all persons who worked at the Worksite. The evidence of Tang showed
that the second defendant had anticipated the inherent dangers from certain
types of works such as hot work and lifting works. The second defendant had in
fact required such works to be inspected beforehand and certified safe to be
proceeded with. The dangers were not only foreseeable but actually foreseen.
There was no doubt that, on the day in question, there was scaffolding
installed at the lifting site which was not just a potential, but an actual
obstruction to the lifting works. Tang said that the site was inspected a few
days earlier by his safety officer and certified safe for lifting works. If
the scaffolding had been present when the inspection was carried out, the
certification ought not to have been made. If the scaffolding had been
installed after the inspection, the scaffolding clearly ought not to have been
permitted to be installed in that manner, or it should have been installed
only after the lifting works had been completed. The second defendant had
therefore breached its duty of care to the plaintiff by permitting the lifting
works to proceed. As the plaintiff was injured due to the lifting work, I held
that the second defendant was liable to the plaintiff for damages resulting
from the injury.

12 However I was also of the view that the plaintiff had failed to exercise
due care in carrying out his work, in particular, in failing to wear gloves
which he knew he was required to wear. Had he done so, the extent of his
injury may not have turned out to be as serious. In view of this, I held that
the plaintiff was contributorily negligent to the extent of 50%. I therefore
gave judgment for the plaintiff against the second defendant for 50% of the
damages to be assessed by the Registrar, with costs reserved to him.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Dec 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

