Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Garden Hub Pte Ltd _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGHC 20

Case Number| :| Suit No 649 of 2011/H (Summons No 4939 of 2011/P and Summons
No 4950 of 2011/L)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Jordan Tan AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Looi Ming Ming and Radika Mariapan (Eldan Law LLP) for
the plaintiff; Jay Lee, John Lu and Teo Yu Chou (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Garden Hub Pte Ltd — Attorney-General  
  
31 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Jordan Tan AR:

Introduction

1 The defendant filed Summons No 4950 of 2011/L (“Sums 4950”) to strike out
the plaintiff’s claim and Summons No 4939 of 2011/P (“Sums 4939”) for the
court to determine, in the alternative, several questions of law which would
dispose of the matter. I ordered the plaintiff’s statement of claim to be
struck out in part and declined to answer the questions of law. I set out the
reasons for my decision here.

The Background

2 The parties entered into a state tenancy agreement dated 26 February 2010
for the plaintiff to occupy 60 Jalan Penjara (Parcel B), Singapore 149375,
State Land Lots 3536N(PT) MK 02 and 3432N(PT) MK 03 (“the premises”) for three
years commencing 17 February 2010. The premises belonged to the state and the
state tenancy agreement was entered into by the defendant pursuant to r 19 of
the State Lands Rules (Cap 314, Rule 1). The State Lands Act (Cap 314, 1996
Rev Ed) is the parent legislation to those rules.

3 Under the state tenancy agreement, the plaintiff had to comply with the
following pertinent clauses:

(a) Clause 5.1.4: “To use the said premises only as **_Plant Nursery,
Orchid/Flower/Ornamental Plant Production_** and not to use the said premises
for any other purpose without the prior written consent of the Landlord.”
(emphasis in original)

(b) Clause 5.1.5: “To obtain the prior written approval from the Landlord for
any intensified land use (e.g. placement of containers, erection of shelter
etc.) of said premises.”

(c) Clause 7.2: “Not to assign, transfer, sublet, license or part with the
actual or legal possession or use of the said premises or any part thereof
except with the prior written consent of the Landlord.”

(d) Clause 7.3: “No permanent building or temporary structures shall be
constructed/used or permitted to be constructed/used on the said premises
except with the prior written consent of the Landlord.”

4 The defendant alleged that the plaintiff had breached these clauses and thus
terminated the state tenancy agreement by way of a letter dated 8 September
2011 served by hand. Paragraph five of the letter stated as follows:

By reason of your breaches of the Tenancy Agreement, and pursuant to Rule
29(1) of the State Lands Rules, I hereby give you notice to terminate the
tenancy on **22 September 2011**. You are to:

(a) deliver possession of the Premises to me in good and tenantable repair and
condition on 22 September 2011; and

(b) remove all your movable property from the Premises by 22 September 2011.

[emphasis in original]

5 In the light of the defendant’s position as stated in this letter, the
plaintiff filed this suit, Suit 649 of 2011/H (“Suit 649”) against the
defendant seeking the following material reliefs:

(1) Relief against forfeiture of the lease under the Tenancy Agreement
pursuant to the inherent jurisdiction of these Honourable Courts on such terms
as may be just and equitable;

(2) Further and/or in the alternative, relief against forfeiture of the lease
under the Tenancy Agreement pursuant to section 18 of the Conveyancing and Law
of Property Act (Cap. 61), on such terms as may be just and equitable;

(3) Further and/or in the alternative, a declaration that the Defendant’s
purported notice of termination dated 8 September 2011 is invalid;

(4) Further and/or in the alternative, a declaration that the Plaintiff’s use
of the land falls within the allowable use contemplated under Clause 5.1.4 of
the Tenancy Agreement;

(5) Further and/or in the alternative, a declaration that the Tenancy
Agreement ought to be rectified so as to embody the true agreement actually
made between the Plaintiff and the Defendant and/or the true intentions at the
time and that the said agreement should be treated as being so rectified...

6 Simply put, the plaintiff sought relief against forfeiture; and in the
alternative, a declaration that the notice of termination was invalid; a
declaration on the scope of the proper use of the land under cl 5.1.4; and a
rectification of the tenancy agreement to reflect the true intentions of the
parties.

7 In these applications, the defendant sought to strike out the plaintiff’s
claim. In the alternative, it sought to have the following questions
determined pursuant to O 14 r 12(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006
Rev Ed):

(a) Whether the termination of the tenancy agreement was valid?

(b) Whether relief against forfeiture under s 18 of the Conveyancing and Law
of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994 Rev Ed) (“CLPA”) is available to the plaintiff?

(c) Whether relief against forfeiture through the exercise of the inherent
jurisdiction of the court is available to the plaintiff?

8 These questions are different from the questions as originally framed in
Sums 4939 as the defendant had made an oral application, which I had allowed,
to amend the contents of Sums 4939 to reflect these revised questions.

My Decision

Pleadings and questions of law concerning relief against forfeiture and
termination

9 I did not strike out that part of the plaintiff’s statement of claim
pertaining to relief against forfeiture and the validity of the termination
notice. I also declined to answer all three questions of law. I explain first
my decision to refuse to answer the questions of law.

10 The questions of law posed were novel questions of considerable public
importance and not suitable for summary disposal under O 14 r 12. With regard
to O 14 r 12, Chong J in _ANB v ANF_ [2011] 2 SLR 1 set out comprehensively
the history of that provision. The learned judge observed (at [24] to [28])
that English jurisprudence was such that the English Court of Appeal had
adopted two divergent approaches towards the O 14 summary judgment procedure.
The first approach was to deny summary judgment as long as the defendant could
raise a serious defence even if that defence was based on a point of law that
could be decided at the interlocutory stage. The second approach showed a
greater readiness to deal with complex issues of law in an O 14 application
where that issue of law was dispositive of the dispute in question. The
divergent approaches confused the lower courts and necessitated the
introduction of O 14A of the English Rules of the Supreme Court to allow the
court to answer any question of law. Order 14 r 12 of the Singapore Rules of
Court is in _pari_ _materia_ with the English O 14A.

11 Chong J observed thus of the English O 14A (at [28]):

Order 14A mandated that where the court was of the opinion that the defendant
had raised an arguable defence on a _question of law_ , it could proceed to
determine that issue of law in an interlocutory manner and grant summary
judgment. [emphasis in original]

12 Chong J’s observation is a general pronouncement on the tenor of the
English O 14A and thus O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court which is the Singapore
equivalent. Nonetheless, there are exceptional situations in which the court
should refrain from answering a question of law under O 14 r 12. On this
point, the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Obegi Melissa and others v Vestwin
Trading Pte Ltd and another_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 540 (“ _Obegi Melissa_ ”) is
apposite. In that case, the Court of Appeal (V K Rajah JA delivering the
grounds of decision of the court) made the following observations on O 14 r
12(1) applications:

40 ... We decided, without adjudicating conclusively on the merits of each
side's case, that the matter should proceed to trial instead of being
summarily determined. In _Lim and Tan Securities Pte v Sunbird Pte Ltd_ [1991]
2 SLR(R) 776, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) held at [22] that "the novelty
of the legal issues and also the uncertainty of the factual issues that ha[d]
become apparent" warranted a full trial in that case. As this court pointed
out in _Tat Lee Securities Pte Ltd v Tsang Tsang Kwong_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 692,
the O 14 r 12 procedure is not appropriate where the law relating to the
issues in dispute is unclear and more evidence is needed before those issues
can be satisfactorily determined. The present suit similarly raised novel
legal issues and required a full examination of all the relevant facts. It was
thus unsuitable for determination under O 14 r 12.

41 To elaborate, the law on abandonment has not been settled in Singapore.
There is no legislation, case law or authoritative academic view on title to
or possession of items which have been disposed of as rubbish. In particular,
there is no recent English jurisprudence on this area of the law, and
comparative common law decisions provide little by way of consensus or
guidance. The positions vary across different jurisdictions, with the courts
in Australia, Canada and the US generally recognising, but applying
differently, the concept of "divesting abandonment" - _ie_ , the abandonment
of both ownership as well as possession.

42 Rubbish disposal - the paradigmatic example of "divesting abandonment" - is
a necessary and common occurrence in daily life. It is usually regarded as a
mundane matter and is taken for granted until a case like the present suit
arises. The disposal of rubbish may also raise, as demonstrated by the facts
of this case, the issue of protecting the privacy of individuals and business
entities. This is a matter of considerable public importance and should not be
decided summarily. Furthermore, there are, in our view, several important
findings of fact that need to be made before the respondents' claim against
the appellants can be properly determined.

13 The Court of Appeal declined to summarily dispose of the matter under O 14
r 12 for two reasons. First, the nature of the legal issue in _Obegi Melissa_
(the question of title to or possession of items which have been disposed of
as rubbish) was novel and of considerable public importance and should not be
decided summarily. Second, there were important findings of fact that needed
to be made before the claim could be properly determined.

14 The defendant argued that _Obegi Melissa_ was decided on the basis of the
second reason and that the first reason, namely that the legal issue was of
considerable public importance, was not an independent ground for refusing to
summarily dispose of the matter under O 14 r 12. I disagree. Chan J in _Lim
and Tan Securities Pte v Sunbird Pte Ltd_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 776, quoted in
_Obegi Melissa_ (at [40] quoted above at [12]) had stated that a full trial
was warranted because of “the novelty of the legal issues _and also_ the
uncertainty of the factual issues that ha[d] become apparent” (emphasis
added). The emphasised words suggested that the uncertainty of the factual
issues was an _additional_ factor militating against summary disposal of the
matter. The following observation of the Court of Appeal in _Obegi Melissa_
(at [42] quoted above at [12]) also makes this clear:

This is a matter of considerable public importance and should not be decided
summarily. _Furthermore_ , there are, in our view, several important findings
of fact that need to be made before the respondents' claim against the
appellants can be properly determined. [emphasis added]

15 The court is not obliged to summarily dispose of the matter under O 14 r 12
simply because the facts are uncomplicated. Ultimately, the court has to
consider the suitability of the matter for summary disposal. Although the
facts may be uncomplicated, there could be other factors militating against
the summary disposal of the matter. In this connection, the Court of Appeal’s
observations in _Obegi Melissa_ , suggest that questions of law of
considerable public importance should not be dealt with summarily. Why this is
so is plain. The devil is in the details and the details are in the facts of a
case. What appears factually uncomplicated at the interlocutory stage more
often than not turns out to be factually complicated at trial. In run of the
mill cases which do not raise questions of law of considerable public
importance and which appear factually uncomplicated, the legal process accepts
the risk of assuming so and deals with the legal issues that arise at the
interlocutory stage as efficiency and costs savings are weighty
considerations. But where the questions of law raised are of considerable
public importance, considerations of efficiency and costs savings are
outweighed by the need to deal with these issues thoroughly in the light of
the ramifications of a decision on those issues. Thorough treatment of issues
of considerable public importance requires the consideration of those issues
in their factual context as fully fleshed out at trial.

16 This was a case in which the issues of law raised (as framed by the
defendant (see [7] above)) are novel questions of considerable public
importance. The following points I had raised to counsel in the course of
discussing the issues demonstrates the complexity of the matter and their
ramifications. First, is relief against forfeiture precluded when the
defendant terminates a state tenancy agreement under r 29(1) of the State
Lands Rules? That rule reads as follows:

**Cancellation or revocation of licence and termination of tenancy
agreement.**

29 – (1) The Collector of Land Revenue may at any time cancel or revoke any
licence issued or terminate any tenancy agreement entered under these Rules.

17 The defendant argued that regardless of whether the plaintiff had breached
the terms of the tenancy agreement, it was entitled to terminate the tenancy
agreement under r 29(1). This was clearly supported by the wording of r 29(1).
What was unclear, however, was whether termination under r 29(1) of a state
tenancy agreement was such that relief against forfeiture was precluded. In
other words, is a state tenancy agreement different from a regular tenancy
agreement entered into between individuals so that relief against forfeiture
is available under s 18 of the CLPA or the court’s equitable jurisdiction
where a regular tenancy agreement is concerned but not where a state tenancy
agreement is concerned?

18 Did the Executive intend to exclude the court’s powers where a state
tenancy agreement is concerned? In the context of a state lease (which is
different from a state tenancy agreement) governed by rr 5 to 18 of the State
Lands Rules, Parliament took pains to stipulate in the parent act, the State
Lands Act, in s 13A(7) that the inclusion of that section “shall not affect
the powers of the court to give relief against forfeiture”. Where Parliament
is cautious to include an express clarification in the parent act even when s
13A does not affect the court’s powers, would the Executive exclude these
powers without any provision expressly stating so in the subsidiary
legislation?

19 There are more questions. What is the nature of a state tenancy agreement?
Does it confer proprietary interest so as to engage the equitable jurisdiction
of the court so as to allow the court to grant relief against forfeiture or
does it only confer a personal interest? The learned editors of _Tan Sook
Yee’s Principles of Singapore Land Law_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2009)
take the view (at [4.16]) that: “[state tenancy agreements] are also
technically leases but differ from State leases in important respects [such as
being limited in term to three years and does not require the President’s
approval to be granted]”. On the other hand, Professor Ricquier in _Land Law_
(Singapore: LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2010) takes the view (at p 14) that “[a state]
tenancy agreement gives only a personal interest to the licensee”. I note in
this regard that r 26(1)(d) of the State Lands Rules provides that the state
tenancy agreement shall cease and be determined on the death of the tenant. A
traditional analysis under property law would suggest that this condition is
repugnant to the granting of proprietary interest. What then is the nature of
a state tenancy agreement?

20 The termination itself also presents a whole host of questions. First,
although r 29(1) allows the defendant to terminate the tenancy agreement at
any time, r 19(2) permits the defendant to subject the tenancy agreement to
such terms and conditions as the defendant considers fit to impose. Where the
defendant has stipulated terms and conditions in the tenancy agreement, is the
defendant entitled to contend that regardless of whether those terms and
conditions have been breached, it is entitled to terminate under r 29(1)? In
other words, is the defendant entitled to terminate under r 29(1) regardless
of the terms and conditions it had prescribed as governing the relationship of
the parties?

21 Second, with regard to the notice of termination, the plaintiff contends
that the defendant did not give good notice of termination because personal
service is not provided for under the tenancy agreement. The plaintiff argues
that the defendant should have served the notice in accordance with cl 10.6.1
of the tenancy agreement which does not expressly stipulate personal service
on the plaintiff as a mode of service. In this regard the defendant referred
me to the decision of Woo J in _Kader_ _Mydeen_ _s/o Muthu_ _Ibrahim_
_Samsudin v Gulab_ _Bhojraj and another_ [2008] SGHC 175 which concerned a
clause almost identical to cl 10.6.1. Woo J concluded that although personal
service was not expressly stipulated, it was good service within the meaning
of the clause.

22 I expressed the view that Woo J’s case was on all fours with this case with
regard to the interpretation of cl 10.6.1 but that there were more important
issues which parties had missed. First, was a notice of termination even
necessary to terminate a state tenancy agreement? For ordinary leases, it made
sense to require a notice of termination to be served in accordance with
certain formalities for without such notice, the tenant would never know that
the landlord intended to bring an end to the tenancy. But a state tenancy
agreement is governed by rr 19 to 31 of the State Lands Rules. Rule 30
provides instead for a notice to quit to be served before proceedings may be
taken under the State Lands Encroachment Act (Cap 315, 1985 Rev Ed) to remove
the occupants of state land. It thus seemed that under the unique regime of
the State Lands Rules, a notice of termination is not required to be served in
accordance with any particular procedure. If a tenant does not leave when told
that the tenancy is terminated (regardless of how this information is conveyed
whether by written notice or orally), the relationship is brought to an end
and the tenant evicted only after a notice to quit is served pursuant to r 30.
It may be argued that under this regime, the conveying of the intention of the
defendant to terminate may be done by any means because unlike an ordinary
lease where continued possession after the termination date carries certain
civil penalties, no adverse action can be taken against the tenant under a
state tenancy agreement until the notice to quit is issued. In that sense, the
tenant is not prejudiced even if the termination is not brought to his
attention in accordance with the usual formalities. He is only adversely
affected _after_ the notice to quit is served and that must be served properly
in accordance with r 30. Arguably, for a state tenancy agreement, it is the
formalities for service of the notice to quit that must be observed and a
“notice of termination” is not required to be served in any particular way or
even required at all.

23 These questions of law are not only complex and raise numerous sub-issues
of equal or greater complexity, they are also issues of considerable public
importance. The determination of these issues affects the rights of every
single tenant who has entered and will enter into a state tenancy agreement
with the government. These are issues of considerable public importance the
determination of which has far reaching implications.

24 For these reasons, I declined to summarily dispose of the matter by
answering the questions of law posed by the defendant. For the same reasons, I
disagreed with the defendant that the plaintiff had no reasonable cause of
action with regard to the relief against forfeiture and the notice of
termination issues and concluded that the plaintiff had a chance of success in
these matters. I therefore refused to strike out the prayers and related
paragraphs connected with these issues.

Pleadings concerning breach

25 I struck out the plaintiff’s prayers and pleadings concerning breach of the
state tenancy agreement. It was clear that on these points, the plaintiff had
no reasonable cause of action. First, with regard to breach of cll 5.1.5 and
7.3 (quoted above at [3]), it was clear even from the plaintiff’s pleaded case
that there had been a breach. The relevant parts of the amended statement of
claim read as follows:

30 As a necessary incident to plant nursery, flower/orchid/ornamental plant
production and other landscape-related activities, some of the Plaintiff’s
sub-tenants erected makeshift structures for landscape tools, equipment,
chemicals, fertilizers and indoor plants.

...

46(3)(a) While some of [the plaintiff’s] sub-tenants had erected agricultural
shade nets and temporary structures for landscape tools, equipment, chemicals,
fertilizers and indoor plants, this was however a necessary incident to plant
nursery, flower/orchid/ornamental plant production and other landscape-related
businesses and do not fall within the purview of Clauses 5.1.5 and 7.3.

26 Clauses 5.1.5 and 7.3 make it clear that the structures erected by the
plaintiff’s sub-tenants require prior written approval from the defendant and
such approval was not sought before the construction of these structures. The
plaintiff had sought to argue that approval could not be unreasonably
withheld. However, it was clear that the plaintiff had not even sought
approval _prior_ to the construction of the structures. The plaintiff had
pleaded in its statement of claim (at 32]) that the defendant had written on
or about 21 February 2011 to express concern about the “unauthorised
structures.” The plaintiff then pleaded (at [31]) that it had made known the
presence of the structures to the defendant by a letter dated 2 March 2011 but
had received no reply as to whether approval was granted for these structures.
In my view, that approval was sought subsequent to the construction of the
structures was fatal to the plaintiff’s case on this issue. Even if I had
accepted the plaintiff’s argument that it would have been unreasonable for the
defendant to withhold approval, that the plaintiff had not even sought
approval _prior_ to the construction of these structures renders its case
unarguable in the light of the express wording of cll 5.1.5 and 7.3 which
require _prior_ written approval/consent.

27 As for breach of cl 7.2, I accepted the defendant’s submission that the
plaintiff had sublet the premises even before it had sought approval. The
plaintiff’s email of 21 December 2010, signed off by Philip Teh for the
plaintiff, had stated “Please see the attached files of sub tenants as at 1st
December 2010.” This email demonstrates that approval was sought only after
the premises were sublet, contrary to cl 7.2 which requires prior written
consent before the premises could be sublet. Although the plaintiff had relied
on the defendant’s reply on 22 December 2010 that it would evaluate the
request and its subsequent silence as demonstrating approval or waiver, this
argument is unsustainable in the light of the defendant’s letter of 3 January
2011 which reiterated the defendant’s position that the plaintiff was not
allowed to sublet the premises without obtaining prior approval.

28 As for breach of cl 5.1.4, it was plain even from the plaintiff’s
documentary evidence that there had been a breach in the sense that the
premises were used for purposes other than as a “plant nursery, [or]
orchid/flower/ornamental plant production”. Of the many examples, I highlight
two. First, one of the plaintiff’s subtenants Red House Carved Furniture Co
was selling antique furniture. Philip Teh from the plaintiff wrote an email
dated 28 January 2011 to the proprietor of Red House Carved Furniture Co
asking it to explain how the products and services fit with the “sanctioned
usage”. The proprietor was entirely candid and replied on 8 February 2011
stating the following:

I do hope you’ll give us some time to perform the necessary changes as we
still have some old stock from our previous addresses. Our company is slowly
moving into a new field of business, from antiques to garden related product,
and this transition will require some time to complete.

29 Second, one of the plaintiff’s other subtenants, Jehan Gallery Pte Ltd,
sold carpets. Plaintiff’s counsel tried her best to argue that these were
perhaps “outdoor carpets” and fell within the category of garden furniture. In
a moment of levity, the defendant’s counsel stated that he had never heard of
“outdoor carpets” to which plaintiff’s counsel replied that she herself owned
several outdoor carpets. What was perhaps more important was the fact that the
plaintiff’s counsel had no instructions that these were outdoor carpets. The
defendant’s affidavits also exhibited photographs showing quite plainly that
these were not outdoor carpets.

30 I am mindful that the determination of a striking out application should
not involve a protracted examination of all the evidence. In the present case,
however, even on a cursory examination of the pleadings and the evidence, the
plaintiff’s own evidence no less, it was plain and obvious that the plaintiff
had breached cll 5.1.4, 5.1.5, 7.2 and 7.3.

31 I thus struck out the plaintiff’s pleadings suggesting that there had been
no breach of these clauses. Nonetheless, I allowed the plaintiff the option of
retaining certain pleaded background facts or amending the statement of claim
to reintroduce these facts as background facts as these were pertinent to the
claim for relief against forfeiture.

Pleadings concerning rectification

32 I struck out the plaintiff’s prayer and related pleadings concerning
rectification. The plaintiff had pleaded that the state tenancy agreement did
not properly reflect the intentions of the parties. The plaintiff relied on
the decision of the House of Lords in _Chartbrook Ltd v Persimmon Homes Ltd_
[2009] 1 AC 1101. In that case, Lord Hoffmann quoted favourably (at [60]) the
following passage from Denning LJ’s decision in _Frederick E Rose (London) Ltd
v William H Pim_ _Jnr & Co Ltd_ [1953] 2 QB 450 at 461:

If you can predicate with certainty what their contract was, and that it is,
by a common mistake, wrongly expressed in the document, then you rectify the
document; but nothing less will suffice.

33 It was impossible to predicate with certainty what the state tenancy
agreement truly was as argued by the plaintiff. This was so as the plaintiff
was relying on the pictures in the plaintiff’s presentation tender slides to
delineate the scope of the state tenancy agreement which it argued was the
true agreement but was wrongly recorded. A picture paints a thousand words and
of its many meanings, I am unable to predicate with certainty this alleged
contract which the plaintiff argued was actually entered into but
unfortunately wrongly expressed in the state tenancy agreement.

34 For these reasons, I struck out the plaintiff’s pleadings relating to
rectification.

Conclusion

35 After giving my orders, the parties attended a hearing before me on 9
January 2012 to determine specifically the parts of the plaintiff’s statement
of claim which should be struck out. The plaintiff sought to make and did make
further arguments. My decision remained unchanged.

36 I should add that plaintiff’s counsel also represented Nursery Mart Pte Ltd
in Suit 647 of 2011/Z (“Suit 647”) against the same defendant. The statement
of claim for that suit was substantially similar. The defendant took out
similar applications, Summons No 4930 of 2011/A and Summons No 4951 of 2011/Q,
to determine the same questions of law and to strike out that claim. Before
me, the parties dealt primarily with Suit 649 taking the position that my
orders on Suit 647 should mirror that for Suit 649. In the result, I made
similar orders for the defendant’s applications for Suit 647. My reasoning for
those orders was the same as my reasoning for the orders I had made on these
applications.

37 Costs to be taxed unless agreed upon.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

