Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Phua Kiah Mai and another _v_ Foo Jong Peng and others  
[2012] SGHC 14

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 975 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hee Theng Fong and Leong Kai Yuan (RHT Law LLP) for the
plaintiffs; S Magintharan and B Uthayachanran (Essex LLC) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Phua Kiah Mai and another — Foo Jong Peng and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 4 of
2012 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 24 May 2012. See [2012] SGCA 55.]

19 January 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The first plaintiff is the president of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan (“the
Association) and the second plaintiff is the Association’s honorary secretary.
They were members of the Management Committee of the Association. There were
43 members in the Management Committee and of that number, the president, the
three vice-presidents and ten others form the “Executive Committee”. All the
defendants were members of the Management Committee.

2 On 3 August 2011 the first defendant wrote to the second plaintiff
requesting a meeting of the Management Committee with the view of re-
constituting the Executive Committee. The solicitors for the plaintiffs wrote
in reply to say that the Management Committee had no power to re-constitute
the Executive Committee. Consequently, the second defendant wrote to propose a
motion that the first plaintiff be removed as president. Subsequently, a
similar proposal was made to remove the second plaintiff as the honorary
secretary.

3 The first defendant sent a letter to all members of the Management Committee
on 12 October 2011 with a view of convening a Management Committee meeting to
approve the unaudited accounts of the Association. The meeting was held on 20
October 2011 but the agenda went beyond the approval of the accounts. The
plaintiffs objected, but the meeting went ahead and was attended by 28 of 48
Management Committee members. The plaintiffs were removed from their posts and
the fourth and fifth defendants elected to the positions of president and
honorary secretary respectively.

4 The plaintiffs thus applied by this originating summons for declarations
that the Management Committee meeting of 20 October 2011 was ultra vires and
that the resolutions removing the plaintiffs and election of the fourth and
fifth defendants were null and void. It was not disputed that the term of
office of a management committee member is two years. Mr Hee, counsel for the
plaintiffs, submitted that the rules do not provide for the removal of an
executive committee member other than for misconduct under rule 19 of the
Rules of the Association.

5 Mr S Magintharan, counsel for the defendant, argued that although there was
no express provision for the removal of a committee member, the members of an
association or club are bound by contract, and in such a case the court ought
to hold that there was an implied term permitting the management committee to
remove its members otherwise than by expulsion for misconduct. I do not think
that this court ought to imply such a term. The appointment to the committee
was for two years specifically. It was not a long term. If it could be implied
that the management committee could remove the elected members before the term
was up, it would be equally reasonable to imply that the members did not
intend to have the membership rotated before the term was up. The latter would
be the more reasonable view. Members are not likely to want to see constant
election battles which could stifle the smooth running of the association. If
the rules say that the members are elected to hold office for two years, then
that is what they will do.

6 Both sides referred to _Datuk Phua Cheng Leong & Ors v Tan Kah Wich & Ors_
[1979] 1 MLJ 253 claiming that the decision in that case supported their
respective arguments. I do not think that this was helpful. The facts are
different and the rules of association here differ. We would be digressing if
we were to argue, as the parties there did, that the “special General Meeting”
was “inferior” to the “Annual General Meeting”. There is nothing to stop the
defendants from passing a motion of no confidence or censure on the management
committee or any specific member, but in the absence of an express provision
they cannot remove the management committee members before their fixed terms
are up.

7 For the reasons above the plaintiffs’ applications in this Originating
Summons are allowed. I need only mention in passing that ordinarily, in
applications of this nature, the management committee ought to have been
joined as a party. However in this case, the omission had no substantive
consequence to the applications. I will hear the parties on the question of
costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

