Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chief Assessor _v_ HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 120

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 422 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joanna Yap and Alvin Chia (Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore) for the applicant; Leung Yew Kwong, Novelle Chan and Tan Shao Tong
(Wong Partnership LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chief Assessor — HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore)
Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 80 of
2012 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 17 January 2013. See [2013] SGCA
4.]

4 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This Originating Summons No 422 of 2011 (“OS 422/2011”) is the Chief
Assessor’s appeal against the decision of the Valuation Review Board (“the
Board”) made on 24 May 2011 (“the Decision”).

The relevant facts

2 There is no dispute as to the relevant facts underlying the valuations in
dispute. The Respondent, HSBC Institutional Trust Services (“the Landlord”),
is the trustee of CapitalMall Trust which owns the shopping centre known as
Bugis Junction.

3 Bugis Junction has 180 units which are normally leased to tenants carrying
on various types of businesses at the shopping centre.

4 In the computation of the annual value of the various tenanted units
(collectively “the Premises”) for the valuation years of 2004 and 2005, the
Chief Assessor did not exclude a portion in the gross rent for depreciation
arising from wear and tear of escalators, lifts, air-conditioning and fire
safety systems installed in Bugis Junction (hereinafter referred to
collectively as “the asset items” or individually as “the asset item”).

The Board’s Decision

5 Dissatisfied with the assessment made by the Chief Assessor, the Landlord
appealed to the Board. The Board accepted the Landlord’s contention and ruled
that the claim for depreciation was a constituent part of the total cost of
the services provided by the Landlord, and that it should be excluded from
gross rent in the determination of annual value for the relevant tax years
(see [8] & [10] below).

6 Ms Tan Gee Hong (“Ms Tan”), the property manager, testified before the
Board. She explained in her affidavit that the tenants paid the Landlord a
monthly gross rent that included a sum of $0.20 per square foot calculated on
the basis of a 7.5% annual depreciation for air-conditioning plant, lifts and
escalators, and 20% for the fire safety system. It was Ms Tan’s evidence that
the Landlord had contracted to let out the Premises located in a building with
central air conditioning, escalators, lifts, and a fire safety system, and
that the asset items were required to provide the services agreed to by the
Landlord, and for that reason the claim for depreciation was an expense that
related to services rather than rent or letting. She confirmed that this
monthly sum of $0.20 per square foot was an integral part of gross rent but
its purpose was not itemised in the tenancy agreements; that it was for
depreciation in relation to the asset items; that the monthly service charge
of $1.50 per square foot was to cover operating expenses[note: 1] and not
depreciation of the asset items. It was argued on behalf of the Landlord that
the Premises would yield higher rental as compared to a shopping mall without
similar installations like central air-conditioning, lifts, escalators and
fire safety systems.

7 Ms Tan’s evidence was not seriously challenged by the Chief Assessor who did
not call any witness.

8 The Board referred to _BCH Retail Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 580 (“ _BCH( No 2)”_) for the principle that any component of
gross rent that was for services and not related to rent must be excluded from
the gross rent for purposes of calculating annual value. With that principle
in mind, the Board accepted the Landlord’s reasoning and stated (at [14]):

In the first place the items in question were required to provide the services
to the tenants. The [Landlord] would have to incur actual and notional
expenditure, which refers to the depreciation of the equipment. Undoubtedly,
these items cannot last forever and not only require maintenance but need
replacement due to wear and tear. ... [T]he underlying premise remain (sic)
that the [Landlord] would require these items to provide services to the
tenants which they are contractually bound to.

9 In coming to its decision, the Board followed _Chartered Bank v The City
Council of Singapore_ [1959] SPTC 1 (“ _Chartered Bank_ ”), a decision of Wee
Chong Jin J (as he then was). In that case, Wee J excluded the cost of
services and the landlord’s profit for providing those services from the gross
rent to determine annual value. In addition, the learned judge allowed for the
exclusion of depreciation of equipment (lifts, air conditioners and fire
extinguishers) from gross rent as well. The Board observed: [note: 2]

A plain reading of the Chartered Bank case would be an implicit awareness of
the learned judge that depreciation was a concept which he recognised and
which ought to be excluded from the gross rent, if it had been so included,
for the purposes of calculating annual value.

10 Applying _Chartered Bank_ to the factual matrix of this particular case,
the Board agreed (at [18]):

... that the depreciation of the [asset] items constituted part of the total
cost of services and since the gross rents were formulated taking into
consideration the depreciation, this ought to be excluded in the computation
of the annual value.

11 Having concluded in favour of the Landlord that the amount claimed for
depreciation of the asset items (_ie_ , the notional expense) was part of the
total cost of services and that it related to services rather than rent, the
Board considered it irrelevant and saw no merit and legal implication in the
Chief Assessor’s contention that the asset items were permanent features and
as an integral part of the building in Bugis Junction were assessable to
property tax together with the building.

OS 422/2011

12 OS 422/2011 is brought pursuant to s 35 of the Property Tax Act (Cap 254,
2005 Rev Ed) (“the PTA”). It was agreed between the parties that the question
of law for this appeal is whether, as a matter of principle, a component in
the gross rent for depreciation of the asset items (_ie_ , escalators and
lifts, air conditioning and fire safety systems) should be excluded from gross
rent in the computation of annual value. This question requires a
determination of what the annual value of the Premises is according to the
definition of “annual value” in s 2(1) of the PTA, which focuses on the
element of rent or letting. Some additional questions will necessarily flow
from this definition read with s 2(2), as well as the charging provision in s
6(1) of the PTA, and they will be identified and discussed later in this
Judgment.

The relevant statutory provisions

13 It is appropriate at this juncture to set out the relevant statutory
provisions. The charging provision of the PTA is s 6(1) which provides:

**Charge of property tax**

6.-(1) As from 1st January 1961, _a property tax shall_ , subject to the
provisions of this Act, be payable at the rate or rates specified in this Act
for each year _upon the annual value_ of all houses, buildings, lands and
tenements whatsoever included in the Valuation List and amended from time to
time in accordance with the provisions of this Act.

[emphasis added]

14 Section 2(1) defines “annual value” as follows:

“annual value” —

(a) in relation to a house or building or land or tenement, not being a wharf,
pier, jetty or landing-stage, means _the gross amount at which the same can
reasonably be expected to be let from year to year_ , the landlord paying the
expenses of repair, insurance, maintenance or upkeep and all taxes (other than
goods and services tax);

...

[emphasis added]

15 Section 2(2) reads as follows:

In assessing the annual value of any premises in or upon which there is any
machinery used for any of the following purposes:

(a) the making of any article or part thereof;

(b) the altering, repairing, ornamenting or finishing of any article; or

(c) the adapting for sale of any article,

the enhanced value given to the premises by the presence of such machinery
shall not be taken into consideration, and for this purpose “machinery”
includes the steam engines, boilers and other motive power belonging to that
machinery.

The competing arguments

Chief Assessor’s Case

16 The Chief Assessor submits that the Board erred in allowing the exclusion
of a portion of the gross rent for depreciation in the computation of annual
value. First, the Chief Assessor argues that the Board had focussed on the
wrong question, _viz_ , whether the Landlord required the asset items to
provide services to the tenants. It was an error that distracted it from what
the Chief Assessor considers to be the correct approach pronounced by the
Court of Appeal in _BCH (No 2)_ , _viz_ , whether the portion of the gross
rent for depreciation is related to rent or letting.[note: 3] Second, the
Board was wrong to have ruled as irrelevant its own findings that the asset
items were permanent features and, hence, an integral part of the building.
Third, _Chartered Bank_ provides little guidance on whether, as a matter of
principle, the depreciation of the asset items ought to be excluded from gross
rent in arriving at the annual value of the Premises for the valuation years
2004 and 2005. There was no _ratio decidendi_ in that case to give it binding
authority to resolve the problem in the present case.

The Landlord’s Case

17 The Landlord submits that the Board was correct in holding that the claim
for depreciation ought to be excluded from the gross rent in order to arrive
at the annual value of the Premises. The Landlord’s argument is that as
depreciation constituted part of the total cost of the services provided and
the gross rent was formulated with the depreciation in mind, it ought to be
excluded from the gross rent in order to arrive at the annual value of the
property. _Chartered Bank_ and _BCH (No 2)_ were cited in support.[note: 4]

18 Finally, the Landlord accepts that the asset items are in the nature of
plant and machinery, but disagrees that they formed “integral parts of the
building”.[note: 5] According to the Landlord, the Board rightly decided (at
[17]):

On the point made by [the Chief Assessor] that all the items are permanent
features of the building and hence an integral part of the building, we are of
the view that this is irrelevant. Just because an escalator form (sic) a
permanent feature of the building does not necessarily mean it cannot remain
an equipment at the same time, and whose moving parts must be replaced over
time due to wear and tear. The case of _People’s Park Chinatown Development
Pte Ltd v Schindler Lifts (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 236, ...was in
a different context and turned on the passing of property or title of
escalators which had been installed but not paid for. It provided little
guidance to the issue at hand as to whether depreciation ought to be excluded
in the computation of the annual value of the property.

Discussion and decision

General Overview

19 The Chief Assessor in computing the annual value of the Premises started
with the gross rent received by the Landlord. No point was taken that
depreciation was never included in gross rent to begin with. The Chief
Assessor did not challenge Ms Tan’s evidence that although the annual
depreciation of the asset items was not itemised separately in the tenancy
agreements, the gross rent, however, was negotiated and formulated with
depreciation of the asset items in mind. The main arguments that were
canvassed before the Board were repeated in this appeal.

20 The question of law in this appeal is whether, as a matter of principle,
the depreciation component in the gross rent should be excluded from gross
rent in the computation of annual value of the property. In assessing annual
value the touchstone is whether a component in the gross rent is related to
rent or letting (“the touchstone question”). This is in turn determined by
whether the machinery or equipment to which a component in the gross rent is
directed is part of the property that is assessable to tax (“the threshold
question”). It is, therefore, necessary to first determine the threshold
question to ascertain whether the asset items in the present case are fixtures
in or on immoveable property so as to be potentially assessable to tax
together with the immoveable property under s 6(1) of the PTA. If the answer
is in the affirmative, the next step is to look at the touchstone question. At
this stage, the question of law in this appeal will be considered.

21 Depreciation as defined in the Financial Reporting Standards FRS 16[note:
6] is the systematic allocation of the depreciable amount of an asset (_ie_ ,
the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its residual
value) over its useful life. Put simply, depreciation serves to match a fair
proportion of the cost of an asset against income earned by a business in an
accounting period as well as reflect the book value of the asset used in the
business at each accounting period end. In this case, the Landlord has
described depreciation as a “notional expense” for wear and tear of the asset
items that would need to be replaced in the future, and this is usually at the
end of the useful life of the asset item. On the matter of depreciation, the
Board in its Decision stated (at [14]): [note: 7]

... the [Landlord] would have to incur actual and notional expenditure, which
refers to depreciation of the equipment. Undoubtedly, these items cannot last
forever and not only require maintenance but need replacement due to wear and
tear.

22 In this appeal, the parties’ focus was on the touchstone question (see [20]
above). If it is adjudged in this appeal that depreciation is not part of the
total cost of services, it does not necessarily result in an outcome
favourable to the Chief Assessor because the opposing views are, strictly, not
different sides of the same coin such that if one view fails the other
automatically prevails. As noted by the Chief Assessor, the Board had focused
on the wrong question and should instead have asked whether the depreciation
component in the gross rent related to rental or letting. The outcome of this
appeal depends on whether the asset items are fixtures and, as fixtures, are
assessable to tax together with the building that comprises the shopping
centre, Bugis Junction. As fixtures, the asset items can enhance the value of
a building, and they are to be taken into consideration in assessing annual
value. From this perspective, the relevance of the asset items as fixtures to
the question on appeal is clear: depreciation has something to do with
_letting_ of the Premises which, in turn, means that the depreciation
component in the gross rent is related to rent or letting.

23 At the same time, the Landlord’s use of the phrase “notional expense” to
denote depreciation of the asset items due to wear and tear gives rise to
complications. The term depreciation invites discussion on whether
depreciation as “notional expense” or depreciation in the form of a notional
provision for future replacement cost of the asset items is within the ambit
of the qualifying words in s 2(1) of the PTA.

24 With these observations in mind, I now turn to examine the Board’s
Decision.

Analysis of the Board’s Decision

25 The Board erred in several respects. Firstly, the Board did not consider
whether the asset items were potentially assessable to tax together with the
subject building under s 6(1) of the PTA. Under our local property tax regime,
tax is payable on immoveable properties such as houses, buildings, lands and
tenements. In other words, it is the immoveable property that is taxed. Thus,
a building is assessable together with fixtures that are on or in the building
unless the fixtures are manufacturing or industrial machinery exempted under s
2(2) of the PTA. The Board found that the asset items were fixtures and,
hence, part of the building, but nevertheless ruled that its findings were
irrelevant and had no application in law to this case. With respect, the
Board’s reasoning in the context of this particular case is misconceived. It
detracted from settled jurisprudence in land law on the distinction between
chattels and fixtures. Consequently, it cast aside the statutory imposition of
tax on fixtures in or on immoveable property in the determining what
constitutes “building” for property tax assessment (see generally Andrew Phang
JA in _Pan-United Marine Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 569 (“ _Pan-
United_ ”) at [104] and Phang JA’s passing comment at [43] that a “building”
would by its nature and definition constitute part of the land), or if outside
the definition of “building”, the asset items could still be affixed to land
so as to become part of the land and, thus be potentially assessable to tax
(see _Chief Assessor and another v First DCS Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 724 at
[46] (“ _First DCS (CA)_ ”). By skipping this important step of the analysis,
the Board arrived at the wrong conclusion in answer to the question of law
before the Board.

26 For the sake of completeness, I should add that there may be occasions
where on the facts it is possible to skip the threshold question to go
straight into assessment of annual value (but not so in this case based on the
present facts). To illustrate, in _BCH (No 2)_ , the Court of Appeal
sanctioned the use of the gross rent as a starting-point to see if there are
components not related to rent or letting. The dispute on advertising and
promotional (“A&P”) contributions and its resolution is unconnected to the
threshold question described in [20] above. Similarly, in _BCH Retail
Investment Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 973 (“ _BCH (No 1)_ ”),
the dispute related to the tenants’ A&P contributions. In _BCH (No 2)_ ,
Andrew Phang JA said (at [26]):

Having regard to the analysis and (more importantly) general principles laid
down above, _the correct approach to adopt in the present proceedings_ (as in
_BCH (No 1)_) would be to first ascertain whether or not the gross rent
adopted as a starting point includes any elements that ought _not_ to be
included. If, in fact, there are such elements, then their value ought to be
_excluded_ for the purposes of computing the annual value. The corollary of
such an approach is that where expenses have been incurred, but which have had
nothing to do with rent or letting and have not been included in the gross
rent, they are not to be considered at all.

[emphasis added]

27 Secondly, and this follows from the first error, the Board’s focus on
services led it to decide that its finding that the asset items were fixtures
and an integral part of the building that comprises Bugis Junction was
irrelevant to the issue before it. Contrary to the Board’s views, as fixtures
to the building the asset items are relevant to the question of including them
in the assessment of the building’s annual value. As the asset items are
assessable to tax together with the building, in assessing annual value it
cannot be said that depreciation of the asset items has nothing to do with
_letting_ of the Premises. This, in turn, means that the depreciation
component in the gross rent is related to rent or letting.

28 Thirdly, the Board’s ruling that a portion of the gross rent for
depreciation was related to the total cost of services is wrong. In this case,
the Board answered the question whether the claim for depreciation related to
rent or letting by noting that the provision of the asset items related to the
Landlord’s contractual obligation to provide services to its tenants, and that
without the asset items, those services could not have been provided. I
disagree with this reasoning. The mere fact that there is a contractual
obligation to provide services is neither here nor there. One reason why the
Board’s ruling is unsound in law is that the Board’s decision is inconsistent
with the principle that the statutory definition of annual value bespeaks of a
hypothetical tenancy. The mode of finding out the annual value is laid down in
the PTA, and it is to ascertain the rent which a hypothetical tenant (not
_the_ tenant) taking one year with another might reasonably be expected to
pay. Even a property occupied by its owner is still subject to property tax,
but the ascertainment of annual value there will be a hypothetical exercise.
It is clear from _BCH (No 2)_ that Parliament did not make the annual value of
a property dependent on the terms on which the property was _actually_ let,
but upon the notion of a hypothetical tenant. Furthermore, the rent actually
paid is only _prima facie_ evidence but not conclusive evidence of the rent at
which the premises might reasonably be expected to be let. The proposition –
that the actual rent is only _prima facie_ evidence of the gross rent on which
to arrive at the true annual value – may be rebutted or supported by other
evidence. It is precisely because the gross rent might, _on the actual facts_
, comprise elements that have nothing to do with rent or letting that they
have to be excluded (see _BCH (No 2)_ at [24]). After alluding to the fact-
sensitive dictates of any particular case such as _Chartered Bank_ , Phang JA
remarked (at 24):

Certainly, whilst not necessarily conclusive, we would highlight that the
actual rent paid would often be an important factor and/or starting-point in
the assessment of the annual value of the property concerned.

29 Fourthly, apart from the similarity of the facts in _Chartered Bank_ and in
this case, it is difficult to be sure of the legal principle enunciated in the
former decision that excluded depreciation from gross rent in the computation
of annual value. It seems to me that the Board accepted and applied _Chartered
Bank_ to the present case basically because the facts in _Chartered Bank_ were
similar. It is noticeable that the rates of depreciation were, coincidentally,
the same in both cases. For instance, in _Chartered Bank_ , depreciation of
lifts and air conditioners were stated as 7½% of cost and fire extinguishers
at 20% of cost. In this case, the same rate of 7.5% was used for the more
modern central air conditioning system, lifts and escalators and 20% for the
fire safety system (as opposed to “fire extinguishers” in 1959). As a matter
of impression, the story-board, one reasonably suspects, was for the sole
purpose of enabling the Landlord to argue that the facts fall within the
decision of that case. Be that as it may, the Landlord’s contention that
_Chartered Bank_ is now binding authority because Phang JA approved it in
_BCH_ (No 2) is misplaced. I do not agree with the Landlord’s submissions that
the _Chartered Bank_ case was expressly approved by the Court of Appeal in
_BCH (No 2)_. Phang JA did not have in mind the same question before this
court in the earlier case, nor was he expressing approval of the point for
decision in this OS 422/2011. Passages from _BCH (No 2)_ to which reference
have been made do not bear out the assertions. In fact, in a subsequent case,
_Tan Hee_ _Liang v Chief Assessor_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 335 (_“Tan Hee_ _Liang
(CA)_ ”), counsel for the Chief Assessor invited Phang JA sitting in the Court
of Appeal to consider the correctness of the _Chartered Bank_ case (see [35]
of the Judgment). As it transpired, it was not necessary in that case for the
appellate court to take up the call of the Chief Assessor. That said, the fact
that _Chartered Bank_ was decided as far back as 1959, that it probably has
since been acted upon, and that it has been referred to in later cases without
express disapproval are not reasons why it should not be questioned and even
disregarded if that case is of no value as a binding authority on the issue in
this appeal. I will be discussing the _Chartered Bank_ case in detail later on
in this Judgment.

Immoveable Property is assessable to tax – what of permanent fixtures in or on
the property?

30 In this part of the judgment, I will consider the threshold question: “Are
the asset items an integral part of the subject building, such that the
building together with the asset items is assessable to tax under s 6(1)?”
There is no doubt that property tax is a tax on immoveable property, and any
plant and machinery in or on such property is assessable to tax if the plant
and machinery is affixed so as to become part of the immoveable property. The
significance of the existence of fixtures in a building is potentially the
enhancement in value that is added to the annual value of the building.
Conversely, if the plant and machinery is not affixed to the building, the
question of including it in the assessment of the building’s annual value does
not even arise. Hence, the difference between fixtures and chattels is
important in relation to the calculation of the annual value for property tax
purposes. Section 2(2) of the PTA is relevant in that not all fixtures are
taken into account in determining the annual value. Certain types of
machinery, especially trade machinery, are excluded from computation of the
annual value of the subject premises.

31 The decision of _First DCS Pte Ltd v Chief Assessor and another_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 326 (“ _First DCS_ ”) is instructive. Andrew Ang J explained s 2(2) of
the PTA at [27] & [28]:

[27] In contrast, under s 2(2) of the Act, only machinery used for the
purposes of making, altering or adapting for sale of articles is excluded from
assessment. In general, as property tax is a tax on immoveable property,
machinery on such property is not assessable unless such machinery is affixed
so as to become part of the immoveable property. If machinery is so affixed,
the annual value of such immoveable property will be enhanced owing to such
machinery. Section 2(2) of the Act provides relief in that the enhancement in
value due to qualifying machinery used for the purposes stated therein is not
to be taken into account.

[28] The question then arises: what was the Legislature’s intention in
excluding only certain kinds of machinery? Although no express statement in
this regard may be found, it seems to be likely that the object behind s 2(2)
was to encourage investments in plant and machinery for manufacturing,
processing and other industrial purposes. As such, a distinction may be made
between two separate classes of machinery.

(a) machines affixed to the land for manufacturing or processing or industrial
purposes (_ie_ , machinery used for the purposes of making, altering
repairing, or ornamenting, finishing or adapting for sale of articles); and

(b) _machines affixed to the land for non-manufacturing or processing or
industrial purposes_ (_ie_ , machinery used for the purpose of storage or for
the enhancement of the enjoyment of property).

_The latter class would include escalators which become fixtures by virtue of
their resting on their weight in the parts of the building specially
constructed for them_ : _People’s Park Chinatown Development Pte Ltd v
Schindler Lifts (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 236. _The value of the
property is enhanced owing to the presence of the escalators which make the
property more accessible. Other examples of machinery that fall under the
second class include lifts and air-conditioning units._ With these prefatory
remarks, we now examine whether the machinery in the present case qualifies
under any of the limbs in s 2(2) of the Act.

[emphasis added]

32 I pause here to mention that Ang J’s distinction between two separate
classes of machinery in s 2(2) was accepted by the Court of Appeal in _First
DCS_ _(CA)_. VK Rajah JA (delivering the decision of the court), agreeing with
Ang J on fixtures on or in immoveable property, said (at [46]):

As pointed out by the Judge at [27] of the Judgment, for machinery on
immoveable property to be potentially assessable for property tax, it must
first be affixed to the property such that it is part of the property. Even if
the machinery does not come under the definition of “building”, it could still
be affixed to land so as to become part of the land and, thus, be potentially
assessable. Whether or not the machinery is such a scenario is actually to be
included when assessing the land’s annual value will depend on whether the
machinery falls under s 2(2) of the PTA. This has nothing to do with the
definition of “building” in s 2(1) of the PTA.

33 I now turn to Ang J’s confirmation that escalators, lifts and air-
conditioning units would fall under the second category of non-manufacturing
or processing or industrial machinery. The significance and effect of this
confirmation is that this second category of non-exempted machinery is in fact
fixtures in or on the immoveable property and are, thus, included in the
assessment of the building’s annual value. This leaves the fire safety system
in the present case. I should imagine this also falls under the same category
of non-exempted machinery as escalators, lifts and air-conditioning units.
Fire safety systems comprise different parts: indicator panels, alarms,
sprinklers, heat sensors, hose reels, systems of piping forming part of the
fire safety equipment of the building. As the Board found on the facts in
evidence, the asset items were fixtures and they formed integral parts of the
building. Therefore, the asset items for property tax purposes are part of
immoveable property and, hence, are to be included in the assessment of the
immoveable property’s annual value.

34 Ang J also considered the factors to be considered when determining whether
an item is a fixture or a chattel for property tax purposes (at [44]):

The general rule at common law is that everything substantially attached to
land is part of the land: _quicquid_ _plantatur solo, solo cedit_. However,
the rule is subject to two exceptions. Megarry & Wade, _The Law of Real
Property_ (Charles Harpum gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th ed, 2000) at para
14-314, describes them as follows:

First, certain kinds of chattels were held to remain chattels even after
annexation, if the purpose of the annexation is for the better enjoyment of
the object as a chattel rather than to improve the land permanently. Secondly,
even though an object was clearly a fixture and therefore part of the land, a
tenant for years or for life was allowed to sever and remove it if he had
annexed it to the land for certain purposes.

35 In the later case of _Pan-United_ , the Court of Appeal had occasion to
discuss the fixture test and the enhancement test. In that case, the appellate
court did not apply either of the tests as the structure in question was found
to be within the meaning of “building” in the PTA and, therefore, taxable. It
is pertinent to note that once the structure in question was determined to be
a building the inquiry comes to an end. Consequently, the Court of Appeal made
no authoritative decision as to which of the tests should be applied to
ascertain if the plant and machinery was affixed to land for the purposes of
tax under the PTA. However, the appellate court’s _obiter_ remarks at [43] to
[53] are instructive on the application of each test.

36 As a starting point, the appellate court cited the English decision of
_Holland v Hodgson_ [1872] LR 7 CP 328 as authority that the two
considerations for determining whether objects are fixtures or chattels are:
(a) the degree of annexation; and (b) the object of annexation. In regard to
the object of annexation, the observations made by the English High Court in
the decision of _Hamp v Bygrave_ (1983) 266 EG 720 at 724 were approved:

The second test is: What was the purpose of the annexation? Was it in order to
enjoy the chattel as a chattel or was it to improve the freehold in a
permanent way? There is, in my judgment, authority for the following
propositions: (a) Items which are firmly fixed to the land may yet remain
chattels if (1) the purpose of the annexation was to enjoy them as chattels
and (2) the degree of annexation was no more than was necessary for that
purpose. See _Re de Falbe, Ward v Taylor_ [1901] 1 Ch 523, which was a case
concerning valuable tapestries. (b) Articles which are intended to improve, in
the sense of being a feature of, the land though their annexation is by no
more than their own weight may be regarded as fixtures. See _D’Eyncourt v
Gregory_ (1866) LR 3 Eq 382. (c) _While the earlier law attached greater
importance to the mode and degree of annexation, more recent authorities
suggest that the relative importance of their considerations has declined and
that the purpose of the annexation is now of first importance._ In judging the
purpose of annexation regard must be had to all the circumstances, including
the manner of annexation and the intention of the annexor or occupier of the
land at the relevant time. See _Leigh v Taylor_ [1902] AC 157. (d)
Nevertheless, in the absence of evidence of a contrary intention, the prima
facie inference to be drawn from the mode and degree of annexation will not be
displaced ...

[emphasis added by the Court of Appeal]

37 Phang JA (delivering the Judgment of the Court of Appeal) also approved of
the summary of the fixture test in Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray, _Elements
of Land Law_ (Oxford University Press, 4th Ed, 2005), where it was opined that
the “contemporary borderline between fixtures and chattels may now be more
case-specific and more context-dependent than was once believed.” Thus,
“relatively few guidelines remain in the modern law which are capable of
unambiguous application to particular facts.” Purpose, and not degree, of
annexation is now the primary consideration and “[i]nferences drawn from the
physical mode of annexation may well be overridden by more subtle
considerations relating to the objectively understood motivation underlying
the annexation in question.”

38 It is clear that according to the fixture test as described, the asset
items in question are undoubtedly part of land, being annexed to the building
that comprises Bugis Junction. The photographs of the escalators, lifts, air
conditioning and fire safety systems adduced as evidence in this case show
that these have been built-in to or affixed to the building.[note: 8]
Accordingly, they therefore satisfy the first consideration stated in _Holland
v Hodgson_. In regard to the object of annexation, there are no facts in
evidence to rebut the _prima facie_ inference to be drawn from the fact that
the asset items have been annexed to the building. I note that there was not a
great deal of difference between the parties on the question of whether the
asset items were fixtures or chattels. On the present facts, neither common
law exceptions mentioned at [34] above applies. Given the nature of and the
manner in which the escalators, lifts, air conditioning and fire safety
systems are usually utilised, their function or purpose is to be served by
annexation to the building, where they will remain in place for a substantial
period of time. It is quite clear that escalators, lifts, air conditioning and
fire safety systems are incapable of utility on a free standing basis and
cannot be enjoyed as mere chattels. Air conditioners with vents, ducts and
piping form a cooling system that functions together to cool the building in
question. Escalators and lifts are mainly or usually used for shoppers and
visitors. In the case of the fire safety system, it consists of several
components. For example, the indicator boards, piping, alarms, heat sensors,
hose reels, and sprinklers. All these components function together to form the
system. Each component also performs its own discrete function independent of
the others, but taken as a whole, they are affixed to the building to serve as
protection from fire and are intended to remain in place for a substantial
period of time. As the Board found on the facts in evidence, the asset items
were fixtures and they formed integral parts of the building.

39 The alternative test is the enhancement test. The Court of Appeal noted in
_Pan-United_ (at [48]):

The second test (“the enhancement test”) is also embodied in the English case
law – notably, in the House of Lords decision of _London County Council v
Wilkins_ [1957] AC 362 (“ _Wilkins_ ”) and the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Field Place Caravan Park Ltd v Harding_ [1966] 2 QB 484 (“ _Field
Place Caravan Park_ ”), as well as in the more recent (also) English Court of
Appeal decision of _Rudd v Cinderella Rockerfellas Ltd_ [2003] 1 WLR 2423 (“
_Rudd_ ”) (reference may also be made to _Ryde on Rating_ ([43]  _supra_) at
pp 148 – 152). Briefly put, pursuant to the enhancement test, if a _chattel is
enjoyed with the land and enhances its value_ , it forms part of the land for
property tax purposes. More importantly, however, for the purposes of the
present appeal, the key issue is whether the enhancement test is not (like the
fixture test) only embodied in the English law but is also (and more
importantly) considered, in the context of _property tax_ , as being the
operative test (the fixture test being consequently held, in this last-
mentioned regard, to be _irrelevant_).

[emphasis added by the Court of Appeal]

40 Phang JA cited the judgment of Lord Denning MR in _Field Place Caravan
Park_ as a succinct statement of the enhancement test (at [49]):

Whatever the cases may have said in the past, I think that the law on this
subject has been revolutionised or, perhaps I ought to say, made clear, by the
decision of the House of Lords in _London County Council v. Wilkins_. The
House considered at length whether a chattel which was placed on land could be
a rateable hereditament. The Lord Chancellor, Lord Kilmuir, said: “In my view
a chattel to be rateable must be enjoyed with the land on which it rests.”
Lord Radcliffe said: “A structure placed upon another person’s land can with
it form a rateable hereditament, even though the structure remains in law a
chattel and as such the property of the person who placed it there.” Lord
Oaksey agreed.

Mr. Albery [lead counsel for the appellants] urged us to hold that Lord
Radcliffe was wrong. I am not prepared to do so. If I may respectfully say so,
I think he was right. The correct proposition today is that, although a
chattel is not a rateable hereditament by itself, nevertheless it may become
rateable together with land, if it is placed on a piece of land and _enjoyed
with it in such circumstances and with such a degree of permanence that the
chattel with the land can together be regarded as one unit of occupation_.

[emphasis added]

41 Lord Denning did not mention the requirement that the value of the land be
enhanced. However, that requirement was present in the judgment of Lord
Kilmuir which he cited. The observations relating to the fixture test apply
equally here. The items have been annexed to the building with a significant
degree of permanence. They are enjoyed with the building, and indeed
significantly influence the enjoyment and use of the building, rather than
being enjoyed as mere chattels. The principle requirement of the enhancement
test is that the thing concerned must enhance the value of the land. In
context “value” here should be understood to refer to how much a property is
worth in the lay sense. For example, a building with the asset items installed
would be worth more than one that is not is self-evident. The same point is
evident using the analogy of a sale of the property with fixtures. In a sale
of property, the transfer of the real estate would include the fixtures and
the transfer instrument to be assessed for duty would include the transferor’s
title to or interest in the fixtures.

42 In my judgment, either test should reach the conclusion that the asset
items are affixed to land so as to become part of the land and, thus, be
assessable to tax together with the building concerned under s 6(1).

Whether depreciation of the asset items should be included

43 Given the Board’s finding that the asset items are fixtures that form part
of the building comprising the shopping centre known as Bugis Junction, the
asset items are, in my view, assessable to tax together with immoveable
property under s 6(1) of the PTA. Put another way, as fixtures the asset items
enhance the value of the building, and they are, thus, included in the
assessment of the building’s annual value. It follows that the portion of the
gross rent for depreciation of the asset items in question has to do with the
letting of the Premises, which, in turn, means that the depreciation component
in the gross rent is related to rent or letting of the Premises. Therefore,
the depreciation component in the gross rent has to be included in the
computation of annual value in the valuation years of 2004 and 2005.

44 Given the analysis in [43] above, how is _Chartered Bank_ to be explained?

45 While the statute applicable at the time was the Local Government Ordinance
1957, the provision regarding annual value there was _in pari_ _materia_ with
the current version of the PTA. The Chief Assessor argues that the decision in
that case is not binding as there is no _ratio decidendi_ applicable to the
present case. In that case, the learned judge had to decide on the quantum of
expenditure for lifts, air conditioners and fire extinguishers to be deducted
in arriving at the annual value of the property, but he did not decide whether
in principle depreciation of equipment should be included or excluded. The
learned judge’s attention was directed towards whether amortization or
depreciation was the correct method for ascertaining the cost of such
equipment. While the Chief Assessor’s contentions appear to be, strictly
speaking, correct, this seems a rather fine technical argument. As the Board
noted, there appeared to have been an implicit awareness on the part of the
learned judge that depreciation ought to be excluded from the gross rent for
the purposes of calculating annual value.

46 I have already explained in [29] above why the Landlord’s contention that
_Chartered Bank_ has been made binding authority by _BCH (No 2)_ is misplaced.
While _Chartered Bank_ was mentioned in _BCH (No 2)_ , depreciation was not an
issue before the Court of Appeal. Reference to _Chartered Bank_ was to show
that previous cases, of which _Chartered Bank_ was one, were consistent with
its holding that the concept and language of exclusion rather than deduction
be used for expenses not related to rent or letting.

47 The Landlord cited the English case of _Caltex Trading and Transport v
Cane_ (1962) 9 RRC 313 (“Caltex Trading”) as an example of depreciation being
excluded from annual value. Again the legal basis for the court’s reasoning is
not discernable. If the legal principle in _Caltex Trading_ is that in
addition to the cost of annual repairs, the landlord is allowed a further sum
to meet or provide for depreciation of lifts, central heating and boiler house
and ultimately their replacement cost in the future, the short answer is that
the property tax regime here is different.

48 _Chartered Bank_ might not be as unambiguous a case as might at first
appear. The learned judge allowed the exclusion of expenses related to
services from the gross rent in calculating annual value. Such services were
(a) watchmen and cleaning; (b) lifts; (c) air conditioning; (d) common parts,
and (e) cost of supervision. In addition to the cost of these services, an
additional exclusion (f) was allowed for the landlord’s profit on services.
However, a seventh exclusion (g) was allowed for the depreciation of equipment
(lifts, air conditioners and fire extinguishers). The sum on which the
allowance for the landlord’s profit on services was calculated on only the
first five heads (a) to (e) which were for services but not (g) which was a
different genre. This is a positive indication that lifts, air conditioners
and fire extinguishers were considered on a different footing from services
generally. Another indication was Wee J’s use of the phrase “total cost of
services, _etc_ ” at page 5 of the report to refer to the seven heads
collectively: “total cost of services” ostensibly referred to only (a) to (f),
while the abbreviation “ _etc_ ” referred to (g). These two points suggest
that it was through inadvertence that Wee J later referred to all seven heads
as simply “total cost of services” when determining the total money sum to be
excluded. It would appear that this contributed to the Landlord and the Board
being led astray in the present case. In any event, there is no trace of an
identifiable legal basis upon which depreciation for equipment installed in
the building was excluded from gross rent in computing annual value for
property tax purposes.

49 The validity of the distinction made in [48] can withstand scrutiny in
light of _BCH (No 2)_. In assessing annual value the touchstone is whether a
component in the gross rent is related to rent or letting. This is in turn
determined by whether the machinery or equipment to which a component in the
gross rent is directed is part of the property or not. In relation to services
identified as (a) to (e) and the profits on services, item (f), the expenses
were clearly for services and had nothing to do with the subject property. If
the conclusion is that the equipment, _ie_ , item (g), formed part of land
(admittedly it is a stretch to consider “fire extinguishers” part of the
property), the expense ought to be related to rent or letting of the property
and included in annual value (see also [27] & [43] above).

50 There is, however, one further question still to be answered: To what
extent does depreciation described as the notional expense for the wear and
tear of the asset items relate to the qualifying words in s 2(1) of the PTA
for the purposes of ascertaining the annual value of the subject property?
This question arises from the Landlord’s use of the term depreciation as a
notional expense. The term depreciation invites discussion on whether
depreciation as “notional expense” or depreciation in the form of a notional
provision for future replacement cost of the asset items is within the ambit
of the qualifying words in s 2(1) of the PTA.

51 I start with the function of the qualifying words. The tax base in relation
to the category of properties under s 2(1) of the PTA is the annual value,
which includes an amount which the landlord charges the tenant to cover his
responsibility for repairs and other annual outgoings as described by the
qualifying words. This is clear from the various statements of principle made
by the Court of Appeal in _Tan Hee_ _Liang (CA)_. In that case, Andrew Phang
JA (delivering the judgment of the court) reiterated (a) that the “very
premise underlying the ascertainment of annual value, _viz_ , the relation to
the rent or letting of the subject property, which in turn approximates the
real value of the property” (at [40]), and (b) that the function of the
qualifying words in the definition of “annual value” is that the annual value
would _include_ the element of the landlord’s expenses for repair, insurance,
maintenance or upkeep and all taxes except Goods and Services Tax (at [43]).
Phang JA said (at [44]):

In this respect, the function of the qualifying words...in this category of
properties [s 2(1)(_a_)] is to affix the responsibility of paying all the
expenses of property tax, repair, maintenance and insurance _on the landlord_.
Indeed, as the Judge pointed out on the Judgment (at [8]), “[t]he effect of
that definition is that the landlord may be assumed to include, within the
rental charged to the tenant, an amount to recoup his expenses of repair,
insurance, maintenance or upkeep of the premises let.”

[emphasis added by the Court of Appeal]

52 Two consequences flow from the meaning ascribed to the qualifying words:
(a) the landlord’s actual expenses have to be expended in the year of
valuation and (b) the expenses must relate to repairs, insurance, maintenance
or upkeep of the subject property.

53 In contrast, conceptually depreciation is not an expense in the true sense
of the word. The claim for depreciation of the asset items, referred to as a
notional expense, is in respect of any contingent or future replacement cost
of the asset items. It seems to me that what is envisaged in the depreciation
claim is the Landlord notionally expending from year to year such sum as will
in the future replace the asset items at the end of their useful life.
Depreciation for escalators, lifts, air conditioning and fire safety systems
installed in Bugis Junction were calculated by reference to the same
depreciation rate adopted in _Chartered Bank_ , and by attributing to those
asset items a depreciable notional useful life and calculating the appropriate
allowance to be made so that the relevant asset item would be able to be
replaced at the end of its notional useful life. In assigning $0.20 per square
foot per month to the depreciation of the asset items, the Landlord appears to
be referring to either a notional provision or a notional account of its
replacement cost but given its “notional” character, no eventuality to replace
need follow. In reality, no expenditure falling within the qualifying words
has occurred in the valuation year. In the context of a sinking fund, such as
that discussed in _Tan Hee_ _Liang (CA)_ , the money for major maintenance and
repairs comes from the sinking fund and will be included in the assessment of
the annual value for purposes of property tax when the money is spent or
specifically allocated in the future. As to when money can be considered to be
specifically allocated is something which Phang JA has called upon the Chief
Assessor to provide firm guidelines. In _Tan Hee_ _Liang_ the Chief Assessor
excluded from the gross rent contributions payable towards the sinking fund in
the computation of annual value when no money from the sinking fund was spent
towards major repairs in the valuation year. Notably, contributions to a
sinking fund in the gross rent is conceptually different from the depreciation
component in the gross rent in respect of the asset items. In the present
case, the claim for depreciation is a “notional expense” in respect of
contingent or future replacement cost of the asset. By parity of reasoning
(and not by analogy), Phang JA’s observations are instructive to clarify that
landlords’ expenses within the meaning of the qualifying words must be
expended in the valuation year if the expenditure is to be included in the
annual value. Phang JA said (at [73]):

... [T]here arises the issue of _when_ the funds utilised from the sinking
fund for the purposes of maintenance and repair can be included in the
assessment of the annual value for the purposes of property tax. We are of the
view that such inclusion can take place only _when the maintenance and repairs
are in fact effected or at least specifically allocated (which would, in the
nature of things, be a major undertaking_ (see above at [55]). Thus, in so far
as present maintenance preserves the value and hence goes towards the present
value, this should be included. As for future maintenance, we think this might
enhance (or preserve) the value of the property and hence is related to the
annual value. However, just when “specific allocation” of funds for such
future maintenance takes place is something which we think the Chief Assessor
would be in a better position to provide some firm guidelines on after
consultation with the relevant industry stakeholders. Apart from the precise
timing when the payments ought to be taken into account, there is a further
issue of whether one-off payments have a permanent effect on the property tax
payable.

[emphasis added by the Court of Appeal]

54 In my judgment, a notional expense is outside the ambit of the qualifying
words in the statutory definition of annual value. The sum of $0.20 per square
feet per month in the gross rent is a payment related to rent or letting of
the Premises for the reasons set out in [43], and is, therefore, included in
the computation of annual value for the valuation years of 2004 and 2005.

Result

For the reasons stated, the Chief Assessor’s appeal in OS 422/2011 is allowed
with costs. Since the parties have agreed to the annual values applicable if
depreciation of the asset items is to be included in the computation of annual
value, the figures in Column E of the Schedules marked as “A-1” and “A-2” in
the Agreed Statement of Facts are to apply.[note: 9]

* * *

[note: 1]ROA Vol 3 at p 1649

[note: 2]ROA Vol 1 at p 6 para 10

[note: 3]Chief Assessor’s Skeletal Submissions at para 7

[note: 4]Respondent’s Submissions at paras 35(a) & (b)

[note: 5]Respondent’s Submissions at para 28

[note: 6]Chief Assessor’s Bundle of Authorities, Tab 9 at p 96

[note: 7]Board’s Decision at para 14

[note: 8]ROA Vol 3 Tab 18

[note: 9]ROA Vol 3 Tab 17 p 1712

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

