Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Teleoptik-Ziroskopi and others _v_ Westacre Investments Inc and other
appeals  
[2012] SGCA 8

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals No 7, 9, 60 and 63 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Francis Xavier SC, Mr Avinash Pradhan and Ms Sarah Lim
(Rajah & Tann LLP) and Suresh Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the appellants
in CA 7/2011 and CA 60/2011 and the 3rd to 5th respondents in CA 63/2011; Mr
Peter Gabriel and Mr Kelvin Tan (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the appellant(s)
in CA 9/2011 and CA 63/2011 and the 2nd and 3rd respondent in CA 60/2011; Mr
Khoo Boo Jin and Mr Tan Hsuan Boon (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the 1st respondent
in CA 7/2011, CA 9/2011, CA 60/2011 and CA 63/2011; Ms Leona Wong Yoke Cheng
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the 4th respondent in CA 60/2011 and the 2nd
respondent in CA 63/2011.  
Parties| :|  Teleoptik-Ziroskopi and others — Westacre Investments Inc  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 123.]

31 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (giving the grounds of decision of the court):

1 The present four related appeals arose from a High Court judge’s (“the
Judge”) decision to make absolute a number of interim garnishee orders which
he had earlier granted (see _Westacre Investments Inc v The State-Owned
Company Yugoimport SDPR (Deuteron (Asia) Pte Ltd, garnishee) and others_
[2011] SGHC 123 (“Judgment”) at [73]). In Civil Appeal No 60 of 2011 (“CA
60/2011”) and Civil Appeal No 63 of 2011 (“CA 63/2011”), the judgment debtor
and related parties sought to reverse that decision, and their appeals were
allowed to the extent that the garnishee orders absolute were set aside. The
reason was that, in our view, a trial ought to be ordered to resolve certain
factual issues raised by the judgment debtor and its related parties. Civil
Appeal No 7 of 2011 (“CA 7/2011”) and Civil Appeal No 9 of 2011 (“CA 9/2011”)
related to the same parties’ applications to adduce new evidence, which the
Judge had refused to admit. However, in view of our decisions in CA 60/2011
and CA 63/2011 (that there be a trial), CA 7/2011 and CA 9/2011 were rendered
premature and no order was made on them. We now set out our reasons for
ordering a trial of the factual issues raised by the judgment debtor and
related parties.

The background

2 These appeals were the latest developments in a set of proceedings with a
long and chequered history. These proceedings have, in one form or another,
already appeared before this court twice previously (see _Westacre Investments
Inc v The State-Owned Company Yugoimport SDPR (also known as Jugoimport-SDPR)_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 166).

3 It began on 28 February 1994, when Westacre Investments Inc (“the Judgment
Creditor”) obtained an arbitral award in its favour. The Judgment Creditor
subsequently commenced legal proceedings in England to enforce the award. On
13 March 1998, it obtained judgment against Yugoimport SPDR (“the Judgment
Debtor”) from the English High Court for slightly more than £41.5 million.

4 The English judgment was registered in Singapore many years later on 5
October 2004. On 28 October 2004, a Mareva injunction was granted to freeze
Deuteron (Asia) Pte Ltd’s (“Deuteron”) accounts with DnB Nor Bank ASA
Singapore Branch (“the Bank”). According to Deuteron’s bank statements, the
funds in these accounts (“the Funds”) amounted to more than US$17 million as
of March 2009.

5 On 28 April 2005, the Judgment Creditor took out Summons-in-Chambers No 2151
of 2005 (“SIC 2151/2005”) and Summons-in-Chambers No 2152 of 2005 (“SIC
2152/2005”) for provisional garnishee orders against the Bank and Deuteron
respectively. The court issued garnishee orders to show cause a day later on
29 April 2005. However, the garnishee proceedings were stayed when the
Judgment Debtor applied on 5 June 2005 to set aside the registration of the
English judgment in Singapore.

6 The Judgment Debtor’s application went up all the way to this court and on 9
May 2007, it directed the Judgment Creditor to refer, to the English courts,
the question of whether the English judgment remained enforceable in England.
The English High Court subsequently ruled in the affirmative. On 30 December
2008, this court denied the Judgment Debtor’s application, and the garnishee
proceedings resumed.

7 Various affidavits were filed on 27 February 2009 and 27 March 2009 by
Teleoptik–Ziroskopi, Zrak–Teslic, and Cajavec (collectively, “the Other
Parties”), the Judgment Debtor and Deuteron. These affidavits stated that the
money in Deuteron’s account with the Bank belonged to the Other Parties.

8 On 20 August 2009, the Judgment Debtor filed Summons No 4431 of 2009 (“SUM
4431/2009”) for an order that the garnishee proceedings be converted to a Writ
action and tried. On 11 September 2009, the Other Parties filed Summons No
4846 of 2009 (“SUM 4846/2009”) seeking the same order. In response, the
Judgment Creditor filed Summons No 5282 of 2009 (“SUM 5282/2009”) seeking a
summary determination in its favour on the issue of the Other Parties’
ownership of the Funds. Not to be outdone, the Other Parties filed Summons No
5377 of 2009 (“SUM 5377/2009”) on 14 October 2009, seeking summary
determination of the same issue but in its favour instead. On 4 November 2009,
Deuteron, who had hitherto kept a low profile in this frenetic exchange, filed
Summons No 5736 of 2009 (“SUM 5736/2009”) for the garnishee proceedings to be
converted to a Writ action.

9 All the applications to convert the garnishee proceedings to a Writ action
were dismissed by the Judge on 24 August 2010. The remaining two applications
for summary determination were adjourned for the filing of additional
submissions. On 21 September 2010, the Judge agreed to give the Judgment
Debtor time to procure and file further evidence: the deadline was set for 22
October 2010. The deadline came and went. On 2 November 2010, the Judgment
Debtor requested for an extension of time, which the Judge refused.

10 On 8 November 2010, the Judge confirmed his earlier orders made on 24
August 2010 to dismiss the applications to convert the garnishee proceedings
into a Writ action. On 25 November 2010, the Judgment Debtor filed Summons No
5513 of 2010 (“SUM 5513/2010”) seeking to admit the further evidence that it
had originally failed to obtain by 22 October 2010. The Other Parties filed
Summons No 5763 of 2010 (“SUM 5763/2010”) on 10 December 2010 for the
admission of essentially the same further evidence. These applications were
dismissed by the Judge on 17 December 2010.

11 On 19 May 2011, the Judge summarily determined that the Funds belonged
“wholly and exclusively” to the Judgment Debtor (Judgment at [72]). The
interim garnishee orders dated 29 April 2005 were accordingly made final.

The present appeals

12 As stated above (at [1]), CA 7/2011 and CA 9/2011 related to the Judge’s
decision not to admit the further evidence (under SUM 5513/2010 and SUM
5763/2010). The appellants to CA 7/2011 were the Other Parties. The appellant
to CA 9/2011 was the Judgment Debtor.

13 CA 60/2011 and CA 63/2011 related to the Judge’s decision in the rest of
the applications (under SIC 2151/2005, SIC 2152/2005, SUM 4431/2009, SUM
4846/2009, SUM 5282/2009, SUM 5377/2009 and SUM 5736/2009). The appellants to
CA 60/2011 were the Other Parties. The appellants to CA 63/2011 were the
Judgment Debtor and Deuteron.

The Judgment Debtor, Deuteron, and the Other Parties’ version of events

14 The Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and the Other Parties submitted that the
Other Parties are the beneficial owners of the Funds. To prove their claim,
they relied on four documents (collectively “the 1991 Agreements”):

(a) the Supply Contract: dated 23 July 1991 between the Government Buyer and
the Judgment Debtor;

(b) the Pre-Protocol: dated 21 October 1991 and concluded in Yugoslavia
between the Judgment Debtor and Deuteron;

(c) the Commission Agreement: dated 12 December 1991 and concluded in
Yugoslavia between the Judgment Debtor and the Other Parties; and

(d) the Protocol: dated 28 December 1991 and concluded in Singapore between
the Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and the Other Parties.

15 At the time the Supply Contract was entered into, the Socialist Federal
Republic of Yugoslavia (now no longer in existence, having fragmented into
several independent states) was a socialist country tentatively embarking on
market reforms. However, the Yugoslavian Government still regulated all
military equipment contracts between buyers from foreign countries and
domestic manufacturers. The Judgment Debtor (then known as the Federal
Directorate of Supply and Procurement) had been set up as a government agency
to act as an intermediary between foreign buyers and domestic manufacturers.
The Judgment Debtor was the only agency that could legally enter into military
equipment contracts with foreign buyers, unless a special licence had been
granted by the State. The common arrangement was for the Judgment Debtor to
negotiate, finalise and execute the contract with the foreign buyer, and to
then have a corresponding commission agency agreement with the domestic
manufacturers. The Judgment Debtor would work with the domestic manufacturers
to negotiate with the foreign buyer on terms such as the subject of the
contract, price, warranties and the delivery schedule. The Judgment Debtor
could not conclude such a contract without the consent of the relevant
domestic manufacturers, who were in charge of the technical documentation,
prices and the supply of goods. The Judgment Debtor’s reward was a “commission
fee” of about 2.5% of the contract price.

16 The Other Parties were Yugoslavian manufacturers of military equipment.
They entered into negotiations with the Government of a foreign country (“the
Government Buyer”) for the supply of military equipment. On 23 July 1991, the
Judgment Debtor, in its role as the Other Parties’ commission agent, concluded
the Supply Contract with the Government Buyer. The Judgment Debtor agreed to
supply certain equipment and to grant the relevant licences. The total value
of the contract amounted to US$54,391,249.06.

17 On 4 October 1991, pursuant to the Supply Contract, the Government Buyer
paid an advance of US$10,631,624.72 to the Judgment Debtor. The payment was
made to the National Bank of Yugoslavia in US currency, and immediately
credited to the Judgment Debtor’s account with the National Bank of Yugoslavia
in dinars.

18 At this point in time, the Other Parties faced a problem: the dinar was
facing strong inflationary pressure. The advance payment had been made for the
purpose of allowing the Other Parties to buy the necessary raw materials from
outside Yugoslavia. Since the prices of the raw materials were to be paid in
foreign currency, the Other Parties had to quickly convert the advance payment
(stored in dinars) back into a safe currency – US dollars. But owing to the
currency restriction controls in place in Yugoslavia at that time, the Other
Parties did not have a foreign currency account. Neither did they have an
approved (under Yugoslavian law) company abroad to hold foreign currency.

19 The solution hit upon by the Other Parties and the Judgment Debtor was for
the latter to transfer the advance payment to the approved US dollar bank
account of its affiliated company in Singapore – Deuteron (then known as FDSP
(Asia) Pte Ltd) – which had been incorporated on 18 June 1991. Accordingly,
the Pre-Protocol was concluded on 21 October 1991 between the Judgment Debtor
and Deuteron. The Supply Contract was referenced and the Other Parties were
listed as “the subcontractors from [the Supply Contract] with an obligation to
manufacture and deliver the goods”. Clause 4 of the Pre-Protocol also stated:

The deposited amount shall be used exclusively for purchasing the raw
materials, parts, assemblies, sub-assemblies and other goods for the needs of
the [Other Parties].

The advance payment was subsequently transferred by the Judgment Debtor to
Deuteron’s account with the Bank, with the latter receiving it on 18 November
1991.

20 The commission agency relationship between the Judgment Debtor and the
Other Parties was described in the Commission Agreement dated 12 December
1991. The Commission Agreement merely formalised an oral or informal agreement
made before the parties had entered into the Supply Contract four months
earlier. Article 1 read:

On July 23, 1991, [the Judgment Debtor] entered into [the Supply Contract]
with the Ministry of Defence of [the Government Buyer] (herein after referred
to as the: “Buyer”) on its own behalf and for the account of the Suppliers
[_ie_ the Other Parties].

The Contract between [the Judgment Debtor] and the Buyer is an integral part
of the present contract and the parties hereto undertake to fulfill it under
the terms and in the manner specified in the Contract concluded between [the
Judgment Debtor] and the Buyer and in the present contract.

21 Article 3 referred to the payment of the advance payment and imposed
accounting obligations on the Judgment Debtor and the Other Parties. Article
5.1.1 stated:

Suppliers [_ie_ the Other Parties] shall assume full responsibility for the
quality of the Goods [to be delivered under the Supply Contract] and undertake
to have their own and their sub-supplier’s products (and services)
manufactured fully in compliance with the quality requirements specified ...

Article 14 provided for a commission fee to be paid to the Judgment Debtor by
the Other Parties.

22 On 28 December 1991, the Other Parties, the Judgment Debtor and Deuteron
concluded the Protocol which detailed the mechanism by, and the purposes for
which the advance payment would be paid out on the Other Parties’
instructions. Appendix 1 of the Protocol (“Appendix 1”) detailed each of the
Other Parties’ share of the advance payment, and also stated the commission
fees that were payable to the Judgment Debtor and Deuteron.

23 On 30 May 1992, the United Nations Security Council passed Resolution 757
of 1992. The Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”) consequently issued a
circular on 10 June 1992 freezing any assets owned by the Federal Republic of
Yugoslavia, its affiliated companies or its nationals. The Other Parties’
assets were hence frozen until MAS revoked its circular on 20 March 2009.

24 According to the Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and the Other Parties, the
nature of the Commission Agreement was such that although the Judgment Debtor
was the contracting party to the Supply Contract, the Other Parties (as the
principal in the commission agency) had an _in rem_ right to any money that
the Judgment Debtor received under the Supply Contract. Accordingly, since the
Funds represented the advance payment made by the Government Buyer to the
Judgment Debtor under the Supply Contract, the Other Parties should be treated
as the beneficial owners of the Funds. For these reasons, they submitted that
the final garnishee orders should be set aside.

The Judgment Creditor’s response

25 The substance of the Judgment Creditor’s position was a challenge of the
authenticity of the Pre-Protocol, Commission Agreement and Protocol. It seemed
to accept that a Supply Contract had been made between the Government Buyer
and the Judgment Debtor, but contended that the Other Parties were at best
only _sub-contractors_ , and not the principals in a commission agency.

26 The Judgment Creditor made certain observations to support its contention.
It first pointed out that although the Funds had been subjected to a Mareva
injunction since 28 October 2004 and garnishee proceedings started in April
2005, it was only on 5 December 2005 that the Judgment Debtor asserted the
Other Parties’ ownership of the Funds. In other words, the court was being
invited to draw an adverse inference from the Judgment Debtor’s initial
silence.

27 The Judgment Creditor also observed that the Other Parties had been
described by the Judgment Debtor on 5 December 2005 as “sub-suppliers”. There
was no mention of a commission agency relationship at that point in time. The
Other Parties had similarly been described as “sub-contractors” in the Pre-
Protocol. It was only in March 2009 that a commission agency was alleged for
the first time.

28 The doubtful state of the Commission Agreement’s existence was, according
to the Judgment Creditor, further reinforced by the fact that it came into
being several months after the Supply Contract had been entered into and
moreover, almost one month _after_ the Judgment Debtor had already transferred
the advance payment into Deuteron’s accounts. It rejected the Judgment
Debtor’s explanation that an oral commission agreement had already been in
place before the Supply Contract was concluded as an uncorroborated
afterthought.

29 The Judgment Creditor also submitted that the Protocol was never accepted,
implemented or observed. For example, paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Protocol
required the Funds to be earmarked, but the Judgment Debtor and the Other
Parties conceded this was never done. They also accepted that numerous
accounting requirements stipulated by the Protocol were never complied with.

30 The Judgment Creditor noted the absence of any documentation before 2009
referring to _any_ of the 1991 Agreements. It seemed to suggest that the
absence of such evidence indicated that the 1991 Agreements never governed the
relationship between the Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and the Other Parties.

31 The Judgment Creditor also relied on _positive_ evidence to prove that the
Funds belonged to the Judgment Debtor and not the Other Parties. It exhibited
the following documents, the existence of which was not contested, which
stated that the garnished Funds “belong wholly and exclusively to [the
Judgment Debtor]”:

(a) a shareholder resolution of Deuteron dated 8 April 1999; and

(b) Deuteron’s audited Financial Statements from 1998 up to 2008.

32 There was also a letter from Deuteron’s solicitors dated 3 November 2004
where it was stated that “[Deuteron] has confirmed that a sum of
USD14,925,995.59 or thereabouts stands to credit of [the Judgment Debtor] in
[the Bank]”. Finally, there was an affidavit filed by Deuteron on 10 November
2004 which stated that the Funds are “held by Deuteron for and on behalf of
[the Judgment Debtor]”.

33 The Judgment Creditor submitted, on the strength of these documents, that
Deuteron had admitted that the Funds were owned by the Judgment Debtor. In the
alternative, the Judgment Creditor contended that even if the 1991 Agreements
were authentic, two of the Other Parties had failed to establish that they
were the same entities as (or the legal successor of) the parties mentioned in
the 1991 Agreements. Further, and in any event, there was no evidence to
support the contention that the Funds did in fact represent the advance
payment made by the Government Buyer under the Supply Contract.

34 For these reasons, the Judgment Creditor submitted that the final garnishee
orders should be affirmed.

Why summary determination was not appropriate

35 It is important to bear in mind that the present appeals stemmed from a
summary determination by the Judge. In the context of a summary determination,
the Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and the Other Parties only had to put up an
arguable defence that ought to be resolved at trial. The heart of these
appeals was simply whether the Other Parties, who said the Funds belonged to
them, should be allowed their day in court to prove that claim.

36 Generally speaking, there are two ways in which a defence may be shown to
be hopeless. The first is if it is unsustainable on a cursory examination of
the facts. The second is, assuming it is arguable on the facts, it nonetheless
has no basis in law. The Judge appeared to proceed on the implied assumption
(without making a finding of fact) that even if the facts were as stated by
the Judgment Debtor, Deuteron and the Other Parties, their defence failed as a
matter of _law_. In coming to this result, the Judge’s first step was to
decide that Indian law governed the Supply Contract and Commission Agreement,
and that Singapore law governed the Pre-Protocol and Protocol (Judgment at
[32]–[38]).

37 We pause here to observe that we had serious doubts over the Judge’s
approach in finding that the Commission Agreement was governed by Indian law.
According to the Judgment Debtor and the Other Parties, it was an agreement
between Yugoslavian parties, executed in Yugoslavia and was necessary under
Yugoslavian laws or regulations (see [15] above). Given that Article 11.1 of
the Commission Agreement, which stated that any dispute “ _shall_ be resolved
by a regular court in Belgrade” [emphasis added], was in the nature of an
exclusive jurisdiction agreement, these factors cumulatively suggested that
the parties’ intention had been to subject the Commission Agreement to
Yugoslavian law: see _Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and
another appeal_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 491 at [37]–[40].

38 But the weight to be placed on these factors could be determined _only_
_if_ the Judge decided whose version of events he accepted. If the Judge
accepted the Judgment Creditor’s contentions that the Commission Agreement was
a sham, then clearly these factors would have little, if any weight.
Alternatively, if the Judge accepted that the Commission Agreement had been
legitimately entered into out of necessity under Yugoslavian law, then the
factors described above would more strongly evidence the parties’ intentions
that Yugoslav law should apply. The role that the Judgment Debtor played as
commission agent envisaged it acting for domestic manufacturers in various
transactions involving _different_ foreign buyers. In such a situation, the
one constant was the commission agency relationship and the rights and
obligations it created. It seemed unthinkable that the parties would intend
the legal nature of the commission agency relationship to fluctuate depending
on who the foreign _buyer_ was. For example, assume the Judgment Debtor
concluded another military equipment contract with Ruritania on behalf of the
Other Parties. Why would the Other Parties and the Judgment Debtor intend
_their_ relationship to be governed by Indian law in one transaction, and by
Ruritanian law in the other?

39 Since the Judge declined to make a finding as to whose version of events he
accepted, it was impossible to decide how much weight these factors should
have in determining the proper law of the Commission Agreement. For this
reason, we were unable to assess the correctness of his conclusion that Indian
law applied to the Commission Agreement.

40 The Judge thereafter held that the Judgment Debtor was not a trustee of the
Funds under Indian law (Judgment at [39]–[54]) and that neither had a trust
been created over the Funds in favour of the Other Parties under Singapore law
(Judgment at [55]–[64]). For these reasons, he found that summary
determination was appropriate because there was no _prima facie_ evidence of a
trust.

41 We were unable to agree with the Judge that summary determination was
appropriate. Our disagreement with the Judge’s approach to determining the
proper law of the Commission Agreement was just one example of how the present
case was _not_ one where the issues of fact and law could be neatly separated.
This was essentially because the legal issues that would arise would largely
depend on the facts.

42 We would also add that the Judge seemed to have placed undue emphasis on
the documents of Deuteron (see [31] above) to find that the Funds belonged to
the Judgment Debtor. This was because the critical document was the Commission
Agreement which described the relationship between the Judgment Debtor and the
Other Parties. Also, contrary to the views of the Judge who thought that the
Funds could not be held by the Judgment Debtor on trust for the Other Parties
because there were no explicit allocations of the Funds among the Other
Parties, Appendix 1 did expressly spell out how much of the Funds belonged to
each of the Other Parties (see above at [22]). Appendix 1 also spelt out the
precise amount of the Funds which were payable to the Judgment Debtor as its
commission. As mentioned above (at [23]), the Funds remained in the account
because they had been frozen by MAS. As a result, everything under the Supply
Contract came to a halt.

43 Finally, there were other queries we had that could not be resolved in a
factual vacuum. Although not raised by the parties, some of these were whether
the Supply Contract had been frustrated under its proper law; what the effect
was of frustration under that proper law; and who the owner was of the Funds
if the Supply Contract had been frustrated. To expand on the importance of
these questions, it seemed arguable to us that if the Supply Contract had been
frustrated and the Judgment Debtor came under an obligation to return the
Funds to the Government Buyer, then there was a risk that the Judgment Debtor
would be made liable twice for the same debt: once to the Judgment Creditor
under the garnishee order, and once to the Government Buyer under the Supply
Contract’s proper law. This would be an oppressive result and a strong reason
_not_ to exercise the court’s discretion to make the garnishee order absolute:
see, _eg_ , _Société_ _Eram Shipping Co Ltd v Cie International de Navigation
and others_ [2004] 1 AC 260 at [26].

Conclusion

44 Counsel for the Judgment Creditor forcefully emphasised the cost already
incurred and the delay caused in these proceedings by the procedural steps
taken by the Judgment Debtor to resist enforcement. He submitted that his
opponents’ defence was a blatant attempt to grind the Judgment Creditor down
through attrition, achieving victory through delay. What counsel for the
Judgment Creditor and the Judge seemed to have overlooked was the fact that
the Other Parties had no part in the previous procedural wrangles initiated by
the Judgment Debtor. Their interests should not be affected by the tactics of
the Judgment Debtor. It could be the case that the Other Parties were simply
puppets employed by the Judgment Debtor to prolong these proceedings, but that
was not something we could assume without clear evidence.

45 While we understood the concerns raised by the Judgment Creditor, the fact
remained that there were issues of fact which ought to be established and
resolved at a trial. The Judge was certainly not wrong to say at the start of
his judgment that “there is only one core issue to be answered: who possesses
beneficial ownership of [the Funds]” (Judgment at [1]). But the answer to this
issue would in turn depend on the authenticity of the 1991 Agreements as well
as the construction to be placed on them, in particular the Commission
Agreement. The crux of the matter was that the Other Parties should not be
deprived of their day in court to show that they owned the beneficial interest
in the Funds. Thus, there was the need for a trial. Accordingly, we allowed
the appeals in CA 60/2011 and CA 63/2011 and set aside the order making the
garnishment absolute.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

