Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pathip Selvan s/o Sugumaran _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGCA 44

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeal No 24 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (KhattarWong LLP) for
the appellant; David Khoo and Dennis Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Pathip Selvan s/o Sugumaran — Public Prosecutor  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 2 SLR 329.]

15 August 2012|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is a tragic case of a young couple who had a bittersweet relationship
that culminated in a homicide. The appellant, Pathip Selvan s/o Sugumaran
(“the accused”), caused the death of Jeevitha d/o Panippan (“the deceased”) on
7 July 2008 by stabbing her repeatedly all over her body. The multiple
injuries caused were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death. He now appeals against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”),
who found him guilty of murder. The Judge rejected all the accused’s defences,
found that he had committed an offence under s 300(c) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”) and imposed the mandatory death penalty.

Background

The parties

2 The accused was 22 years old at the time of the offence. He has three
siblings; an older brother, a younger brother and a younger sister. His
parents were divorced when he was only five years old. After the divorce, the
accused and his two brothers lived at the Sri Ramakrishna Mission Boys’ Home
from 1992 to 1996. Thereafter, he lived with his maternal grandmother when he
was young. He has lived at different points of time with his mother,
stepfather and maternal grandparents during the past few years.[note: 1] After
completing his “N” Levels he studied electrical engineering at the Institute
of Technical Education, but dropped out from his course in his second year. He
was then enlisted as a fireman in the Singapore Civil Defence Force and
concluded his National Service (“NS”) in January 2007. Prior to his arrest, he
was working for his uncle as a movement operator at WeiShen Trading & Services
Co Ltd. [note: 2]

3 The deceased was 18 years old at the time of her death. She used to work as
a kindergarten teacher. At the time of her demise, she was studying for her
GCE “O” Levels as a private candidate.[note: 3]

The relationship between the accused and the deceased

4 The accused gave the following account of his relationship with the
deceased.[note: 4] They met in November or December 2007 through Suresh, a
mutual friend. According to the accused, she had up to 16 boyfriends at that
time.[note: 5] They became friends but their relationship eventually grew
closer. On 10 April 2008, the deceased met the accused’s family members, and
later the accused brought her to his sister’s bedroom where they became
intimate. This led the deceased to say in Tamil, “Now you have done everything
to me, so you are my boyfriend. I hope you will not leave me.” The accused
replied “[y]a, obviously you are my girl”.[note: 6] The accused’s family,
however, disapproved of their relationship. According to the accused’s mother,
the deceased would often ask for money from the accused and the accused’s
relationship with his family became strained because of this.[note: 7]

5 Their relationship hit a difficult patch in May 2008, when the deceased
began to meet a male friend, one Kesh, frequently. The accused became
suspicious about her relationship with Kesh and obtained Kesh’s telephone
number to call him and ascertain the nature of the relationship. Kesh, who
said that the deceased had never told him about the accused, claimed that the
deceased was interested in him although he already had a girlfriend. He stated
that he kissed the deceased and fondled her at a void deck. Immediately after
calling Kesh, the accused called the deceased and told her that he hoped that
she did not hide anything from him. She replied that she had never hidden
anything from him. The accused then told her that he had spoken with Kesh and
asked her to meet him at the study corner at Blk 155 Ang Mo Kio, which was
near her house.[note: 8]

6 When they met, the deceased immediately hugged him and started tearing. She
admitted that she had lied about her relationship with Kesh and that they had
kissed and fondled each other. She then promised him that she would refrain
from having any further contact with Kesh. The accused then hugged and kissed
her. He forgave her and told her that she was not to repeat the same
conduct.[note: 9]

7 After they made up, the accused and the deceased met regularly and were
often intimate.[note: 10] In May 2008, the accused wanted to take up a part-
time course in Petroleum and Chemical Process Technology at ITE College East,
but he deferred his application because the deceased wanted to retake her GCE
“O” Level examination but lacked the financial means to do so. He obtained
money purportedly for his own school fees from his grandmother and gave the
money to the deceased for her examination fees.[note: 11]

8 On 25 May 2008, the accused and the deceased quarrelled over an incident,
the details of which the former was unable to recollect.[note: 12] On 27 May
2008, the two quarrelled again as the deceased said that the accused only
wanted her body and not her heart.[note: 13] On 28 May 2008, the deceased
called the accused to inform him that she wanted to visit her sworn brother at
Choa Chu Kang and that she did not have any money. The accused then decided to
meet her. However, he knew that if he had said that he wanted to meet her, the
deceased would not have agreed to this.[note: 14] Hence, he lied to her saying
that he would transfer some money into his friend’s account and that she could
collect the money from his friend at Admiralty MRT station. He then went to
Admiralty MRT station so that he could meet her. At the station, he saw her
with her sworn bother, went up to her, grabbed her hand and told her sworn
brother to leave. While the deceased was being pulled along, she made a call
on her handphone claiming, “[h]ello, hello Police, my boyfriend just kidnapped
me”. The accused grabbed her handphone and cut off the line. He pulled her
into a taxi and went to his uncle’s house.[note: 15]

9 After they alighted from the taxi and were walking towards the accused’s
uncle’s house, the accused noticed that the deceased’s handphone was ringing
and that the caller was her ex-boyfriend, Uthiswaran s/o Hendry A (“Uthish”),
who lived at Choa Chu Kang. He answered the call, put the phone to her ear and
asked her to speak to Uthish. However, the deceased refused. The accused then
asked her whether she was going to Choa Chu Kang to meet Uthish. The deceased
cried and asked the accused to trust her. She said that if he did not trust
her, he could call Uthish himself.[note: 16] The accused then called Uthish
and said in Tamil, “[w]hy the fuck you call my girlfriend for”. Uthish replied
that he had called the deceased to find out her mother’s handphone number. The
accused told Uthish not to call the deceased anymore. He added that Uthish
should call him first if the latter wanted anything from the deceased.[note:
17]

10 Subsequently, the accused and the deceased reconciled at the accused’s
uncle’s house and became intimate. While they were having sex, the accused
ejaculated into her vagina despite the latter’s protests. The deceased cried
and asked the accused whether he would really be responsible for the baby if
she became pregnant. The accused said that he would. The deceased also asked
the accused if he would eventually abandon her. The accused replied that if he
had intended to abandon her, he would not have ejaculated thus and he had done
so to show that he really loved her.[note: 18]

11 Later that day, the deceased made a police report that the accused had
raped her. When the accused returned home that night, he saw police officers
inside his house and decided not to enter his house in case they were looking
for him.[note: 19] He called his friend, Kartigesan s/o Yanamani (“Kathik”),
and asked him where the deceased was. Kathik informed him that the deceased
had attempted to commit suicide. The accused decided not to return home until
he found out what was going on. [note: 20]

12 Around two or three days later, the accused called his mother, who informed
him that the deceased had reported to the police that he had raped her.[note:
21] The accused called Kathik a number of times to find out how the deceased
was doing. On one occasion, Kathik passed his handphone to the deceased so
that the accused could speak with her. When the accused asked the deceased why
she had lodged a police report against him, she cried and said that she was
confused and did not know why she had done so. The deceased then promised to
withdraw the complaint.[note: 22]

13 Subsequently, the accused met the deceased’s father, Panippan s/o Sinnappan
(“Mr Panippan”), and told the latter that he wanted to marry her. Mr Pannipan
asked him why he had suddenly decided to marry his daughter. The accused
replied that the deceased was pregnant and had lodged a police report against
him for raping her. Mr Pannipan responded saying that he would call the
deceased and talk to her.[note: 23]

14 The next day, the accused had a phone conversation with the deceased, who
was unhappy that he had seen her father without her. She told him to surrender
himself to the Police.[note: 24] On the following day, the accused surrendered
himself to the Police and was released on station bail. He was warned not to
see or talk to the deceased until the case was concluded. [note: 25]

15 Around four days after the accused was released on bail, the deceased
called him to find out how he was doing and told him that she needed to go for
an appointment on 30 June 2008 for a pregnancy test. [note: 26] They
reconciled and started dating again. [note: 27] On 29 June 2008, the accused
went clubbing with some friends. However, as he felt guilty about clubbing
without her consent, he went to the deceased’s home to apologise to her.[note:
28] On 5 July 2008, they went to Sentosa and spent the night in a tent, where
they had sex. [note: 29]

Chain of events leading to the killing

16 On 6 July 2008, the accused spoke to the deceased over the telephone and
learnt from her that she had influenza and was coughing.[note: 30] The next
day, he pretended to be sick so as to be able to take leave and take her to
see a doctor. [note: 31] He went to the deceased’s flat on the second floor of
Block 157, Ang Mo Kio Avenue 5. Instead of entering her house, he decided to
check if the deceased was still asleep. He took a chair, climbed onto it and
looked into the deceased’s bedroom from the common corridor.[note: 32] To his
horror, the accused saw the deceased lying on her bed and kissing a man
wearing a red tee shirt and long pants.[note: 33] He was shocked and very
angry. He went to the main door, kicked it very hard, and shouted three times
in Tamil, “[f]aster open the door”.[note: 34] The deceased came to the door
but refused to let him into her flat. He asked her if she was hiding anything
from him, but she denied this, and said “why do you always have to suspect
me?” She also told him that she would call him after her medical appointment
at Kandang Kerbau Hospital at 3.40pm.[note: 35]

17 The accused waited at the staircase of the deceased’s block of flats,
hoping to meet her before she went for her medical appointment. However, he
fell asleep while waiting.[note: 36] Subsequently, he learnt from the
deceased’s friend, Hemavathy d/o V Moganaval (“Hema”) that the deceased and
her mother would be returning to the flat in over an hour’s time.[note: 37]

18 While waiting for the deceased to return, the accused called his friend,
Balasubramaniam s/o Tangavelu (“Bala”) to accompany him. He also decided to
buy a knife to force the deceased to tell him the truth about the man in the
red tee shirt. In his statement to the police dated 11 July 2008, he
recounted:[note: 38]

63 I then decided to buy a knife. I wanted to use the knife to threaten Jeev.
I knew that she would not tell me the truth if I did not threaten her with a
knife. She is a better talker than me and she always has the final say.

64 … When I wanted to pay for the knife, the auntie asked me why I wanted to
buy the knife and I told her that my mother asked me to buy the knife.

...

66 I took out the knife from the new casing and threw the casing into a drain
together with the plastic bag. I then tucked the knife at the back of my waist
and covered it with my t-shirt. When I arrived at the void deck of Blk 181 Ang
Mo Kio, I saw a lot of purple coloured flyers on the floor near to the letter
boxes. I picked up two or three flyers. I then went up the staircase and took
out the knife that I just bought. I rolled the flyers over the knife and
folded one end of the flyers over the sharp end of the knife. I then tucked
the knife with the flyer at my back and covered it with my shirt. I did this
because while I was walking with the knife tucked at my back, I could feel the
sharp part of the knife against my back.

19 After buying the knife, the accused bought a “Winnie the Pooh” correction
pen for the deceased as he knew that she liked such items.[note: 39]

20 The accused then met up with Bala, Bala’s girlfriend and Viknesh s/o
Rajandren (“Vicky”) at a nearby coffeeshop and waited for the deceased.[note:
40] At around 8.00pm, he received a call from the deceased, who asked him to
meet her at the void deck of Blk 155 Ang Mo Kio. He told his friends that he
was going to meet the deceased and that he would return with her later.[note:
41]

21 The accused proceeded to Block 155 and met the deceased and her mother.
According to the deceased’s mother, the accused asked her for permission to
marry the deceased. He promised to give the deceased a good life and said that
he wanted to see the deceased’s face every day. He disclosed that he used to
be a gang member but had changed after meeting the deceased. He told her that
he had started attending church every Saturday because of the deceased. After
talking to the accused for a while, the deceased’s mother left him and the
deceased alone. [note: 42]

22 The events that followed are now set out in the accused’s own words:[note:
43]

71 I then asked Jeev to go to Ang Mo Kio West Garden. As I had mentioned
before, we used to go to Ang Mo Kio West Garden which is nearby. However, this
time, I intend to ask her about the man who was with her this morning. To go
to Ang Mo Kio West Garden, we have to walk to Blk 154 Ang Mo Kio, before
taking the staircase to the Ang Mo Kio West Garden. While we were at the void
deck of Blk 154 Ang Mo Kio, I saw the bushes around the power station infront
of Blk 154 Ang Mo Kio. I knew that at that time there will be a lot of people
at Ang Mo Kio West Garden and when I saw the bushes behind the power station,
I thought that it is a better place to ask Jeev about the main. I knew that if
I were to threaten Jeev with the knife that I bought, people at the Ang Mo Kio
West Garden could see me but behind the bushes, no one could see clearly
because the bushes are quite high and thick.

72 Immediately I told her that I wanted to talk to her. She asked me (_sic_)
that we are going up to the garden. I just replied no and I wanted to talk to
her and pulled her to the back of the power station behind the bushes.

73 While we were behind the power station, she was standing near to the wall
of the power station and I was standing facing her with the bushes behind me.
I asked her in English saying “You are not hiding anything from me right?”.
She replied “No”. I asked her again in English “You are not lying to me
anything?”. She replied “No”. I just shouted at her in Tamil “Who the fuck was
the man in the red shirt in bed with you this morning?”. She was stunned. On
seeing her reaction, she knew then that I know what she had done. I cried and
asked her in Tamil “Why, why, what did I not do for you, I really can’t
understand, tell me?”. She replied in Tamil “ _he is better than you in bed
that is why I am after him”._ At this juncture, I took out the knife from
behind me with my right hand and stabbed her on her stomach. The moment I
stabbed her, she was holding my hands with both her hands. When I pulled the
knife out from her body, I felt she scratched my right hand. I continued to
use the knife to stab Jeev several times. I could not remember where I had
stabbed her or which part of her body that I stabbed her. All this while, Jeev
was holding on to the lower part of my left hand just above my wrist with her
right hand and kept on shouting in English “I love you, I love you.” I stopped
stabbing her when she released her grip on my right hand. When she let go of
my left hand, I realised that Jeev was already lying on the ground. Her legs
were nearer to Blk 154 and I was bending down looking at her.

74 I saw that she was bleeding from the left side of her neck. I squat down
and kissed her right cheek and I removed the gold chain which I had bought for
her as a gift. As far as both of us are concerned, it is a sacred matrimonial
chain which I had bought for her as a symbol that she is my wife. I just threw
at the side. I could not remember where exactly I threw it.

75 I got scared and walked out of the area very quickly. …

23 The accused testified that when he heard the deceased’s remark ridiculing
him he had “ _never been this sad_ ” and became “ _very, very angry_ ”.
[emphasis added][note: 44] After stabbing the deceased, the accused walked
away from the scene. As he left the scene, he picked up some brochures on the
floor of the void deck of Blk 154 Ang Mo Kio to wrap the knife. He then
boarded a taxi and headed for Woodlands. Along the way, he got out of the taxi
and threw the knife into a drain.[note: 45]

24 The accused telephoned his mother and told her that he wanted to do some
shopping in Malaysia. He asked her to bring him a pair of jeans and a tee
shirt. After meeting his mother, the accused put on the clothes that his
mother had brought and both of them went by taxi to the Woodlands Checkpoint,
where he applied for and obtained a Document of Identity, which enabled him to
enter Malaysia.[note: 46] While they were both in Johor Bahru, he left his
mother alone at a restaurant, and took a taxi to Danga Bay and spent the night
there. His mother eventually returned to Singapore alone. The next afternoon,
he made a telephone call to his home and told his mother and other members of
his family to take care of themselves and that they would not be hearing from
him again because he was going to die.[note: 47] His mother told him to return
home because the police, who were at the house, would take her to the police
station if he did not return.[note: 48] On hearing that, he asked her to pass
the phone to the police officer, and told the latter not to do anything to his
family as he would immediately surrender himself.[note: 49]

25 The accused then went to the Woodlands Checkpoint and surrendered himself
to Inspector Mohamad Raffi bin Mohamad of the Immigration and Checkpoints
Authority. He said to the latter, “Sir, yesterday I wanted to run away. _I
killed my girlfriend because of jealousy_.”[note: 50] In his cautioned
statement recorded on 9 July 2008,[note: 51] the day after his arrest, the
accused stated in response to a charge of murdering the deceased:

That day morning, I went to her house in Ang Mo Kio. I did not go to work. I
took a chair from a neighbour and placed it infront [_sic_] of her corridor
window. I got up the chair and looked inside. I saw her kissing someone on the
bed. I got down the chair and kicked her house door. I asked her whether I
could come in. She told me not to. I then told her that it was not the first
time I went to her place. She told me “Not today. I am not in the mood”. On
the same night, I confronted her about the guy in her house. But she did not
want to talk about it. I asked her about the guy in the red shirt. She was
stunned when I asked her about this. I asked her what she found in him did not
find in me _. She said that he is better in bed than me._ That’s why I took
out a knife and stabbed her in her stomach. After that, I closed my eyes and
blindly stabbed her a lot of times until she released her hands from mine.
Before leaving the place, I kissed her on the right cheek and then pulled the
chain on her neck which I had bought her. That’s all.

The post-mortem

26 Dr George Paul (“Dr Paul”), a Consultant Forensic Pathologist, undertook a
post mortem examination of the deceased. In his autopsy report,[note: 52] he
listed 15 external injuries including bruises, abrasions, and eight stab
wounds (of which three were fatal, namely an incised gaping larynx-deep wound
(injury no 1), an oblique incised stab wound on the lower part of the left
shoulder extending inwards and downwards to the upper outer part of the left
side chest (injury no 14), and an oblique incised stab wound in the middle
front and outer aspect of left side of the chest (injury no 15)). The other
stab wounds were spread out in various regions of the deceased’s body,
including her neck, elbow, chest, lower back, and abdomen. The deceased had
bruises on her thumbs and abrasions on her thigh, forearm, elbows and chest.

27 Dr Paul testified that the three fatal wounds were directed wounds, in that
they were inflicted with the _intent to wound_ , and were _not accidental
injuries_.[note: 53] Injury no 1 was inflicted with “quite a bit of force” and
injuries nos 14 and 15 were “very forceful injuries”[note: 54].

The case below

28 The accused admitted to killing the deceased and was charged under s 300(c)
of the Penal Code. He relied on the partial defences of provocation in
Exception 1 and diminished responsibility in Exception 7 of s 300 of the Penal
Code. [note: 55]

29 With regard to provocation, the accused claimed that he was in a greatly
agitated and vulnerable state of mind and the deceased’s callous utterance
that the other man was better than he in bed caused him to lose his self-
control. The accused’s counsel, Mr Subhas Anandan, contends that the
provocation was grave and sudden such that a reasonable man sharing his
characteristics would have reacted the same way. In relation to diminished
responsibility, the accused relied on the evidence of Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”),
a senior psychiatrist in private practice. Dr Tan said that the accused
suffered from Attention Deficit Disorder/Hyperactivity Disorder (“ADHD”) which
was as an abnormality of mind induced by a disease of the mind. Dr Tan opined
that this made the accused prone to rage outbursts, and that substantially
impaired his mental responsibility for causing the deceased’s death.

30 The Prosecution submitted that both the provocation and diminished
responsibility defences were inapplicable. It submitted that the accused was
deliberate in his attack and had not lost his self control. Furthermore, it
contended that the alleged provocation was neither grave nor sudden. The
Prosecution asserted that Dr Tan’s opinion was not credible and relied instead
on the psychiatric report of its psychiatrist, Dr Joshua Kua (“Dr Kua”), a
consultant psychiatrist at the Institute of Mental Health, who found that the
accused did not suffer from any abnormality of mind that substantially
impaired his mental responsibility. As such, the Prosecution submitted that
the accused should be convicted of murder, punishable under s 302 of the Penal
Code.

The judge’s decision

31 The High Court judge (“the Judge”), who found the accused guilty of the s
300(c) charge, made the following findings of fact in his grounds of decision,
_Public Prosecutor v Pathip Selvan s/o Sugumaran_ [2010] SGHC 335 (“the GD”):

(a) the evidence showed that the accused never had any significant functional
impairment. He made unremarkable progress through school and NS, and at the
time of the offence he had a normal working life. Hence, the defence of
diminished responsibility was not made out: at [32];

(b) the deceased’s words had an impact on the accused. A reasonable person in
the accused’s position would be hurt by her words, but would not be so enraged
that he would lose his power of self control: at [36]; and

(c) the accused did not lose his self control as a result of the provocation.
While he told Dr Tan that his mind went blank, this was more than a year after
the event. He had not said this in his previous statements to the police or in
his interview with Dr Kua. In addition, his mental processes did not cease
during the attack. While he closed his eyes, he felt the deceased holding onto
his hands, he knew that he continued to wield the knife and that she scratched
his right hand when he pulled the knife out of her body. He had heard her
protestations of love for him. He remembered that he knelt to kiss the
deceased, and that he decided to remove her necklace or “thali” which was a
symbol of their relationship: at [38] and [39].

The appeal

Issues in the appeal

32 The issues in this appeal are whether the accused can rely on the partial
defences of provocation or diminished responsibility.

The defence of provocation

33 The Penal Code, as a concession to human frailty and weakness, recognises
some partial defences to the offence of homicide. The partial defence of
provocation, which reduces the offence committed from murder to culpable
homicide not amounting to murder, is found in Exception 1 to s 300 of the
Penal Code (“Exception 1”):

_Exception 1._ —Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender whilst
deprived of the power of self-control by grave and sudden provocation, causes
the death of the person who gave the provocation, or causes the death of any
other person by mistake or accident.

34 It is instructive when considering the partial defence of grave and sudden
provocation to bear in mind the views of Lord Macaulay, the draftsman of the
Indian Penal Code, on the need to mitigate the consequences of homicide
committed in the sudden heat of passion on great provocation; see _Notes on
the Indian Penal Code, The Works of Lord Macaulay; Speeches Poems_ _&
Miscellaneous Writings, Vol 1_ (Longmans Green and Co, 1898) at p 120:

We agree with the great mass of mankind, and with the majority of jurists,
ancient and modern, in thinking that homicide committed in the sudden heat of
passion, on great provocation, ought to be punished ; but that in general it
ought not to be punished so severely as murder. It ought to be punished in
order to reach men to entertain a peculiar respect for human life ; it ought
to be punished in order to give men a motive for accustoming themselves to
govern their passions; and in some few cases for which we have made provision,
we conceive that it ought to be punished with the utmost rigour.

_In general, however, we would not visit homicide committed in violent
passion, which had been suddenly provoked, with the highest penalties of the
law._ We think that to treat a person guilty of such homicide as we should
treat a murderer would be a highly inexpedient course,—a course which would
shock the universal feeling of mankind, and would engage the public sympathy
on the side of the delinquent against the law.

[emphasis added]

This partial defence recognises that individuals can in limited situations be
emotionally overwhelmed and offend under conditions of extreme fear, sadness,
depression or even jealousy. This is a difficult area of the law that requires
the courts to balance contemporary standards and the societal mores of the day
with the need to deter violent conduct emanating from rage. It is now trite
that there are two distinct requirements for the defence of provocation to
apply (see _Mohammed Ali bin Johari v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 1058
(“ _Johari_ ”) at [101], citing S _eah Kok Meng v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2
SLR(R) 24 at [21]). First, it must be shown that the accused was deprived of
self-control by the provocation (“the subjective test”). Secondly, the
provocation must be grave and sudden, and it has to be determined whether an
ordinary person of the same sex and age as the accused, sharing his
characteristics as would affect the gravity of the provocation, would have
been so provoked as to lose self control (“the objective test”).

The subjective test

35 To be able to rely on provocation as a partial defence, the accused must
first show that he was in fact deprived of self-control by the provocation.
The classic direction on what constitutes loss of self-control was given in _R
v Duffy_ [1949] 1 All ER 932 (“ _Duffy_ ”) where the Court of Criminal Appeal
approved of the following formulation by Devlin J in the court below as
“impeccable” (at 932):

... sudden and temporary loss of self-control, rendering the accused so
subject to passion as to make him or her for the moment not master of his
[_sic_] mind.

36 Where a killing is premeditated, the question of loss of self-control is,
without more, quite irrelevant. _In the present case, there was absolutely no
evidence that the killing was premeditated._ In this regard, it is noteworthy
that at the hearing of the appeal, Deputy Public Prosecutor David Khoo (“Mr
Khoo”) stated that the Prosecution’s case was not that the killing was
premeditated[note: 56] but that the accused had brought the knife to the
meeting in order to threaten the deceased and use the knife to hurt her if she
did not give him a satisfactory answer. [note: 57] This is a significant
concession. The accused, who had consistently maintained that he brought the
knife to threaten and not to harm the deceased, had previously threatened her
with a knife. He explained that in May 2008, when the deceased was staying
over at the house of her friend, Kathik, he had threatened her with a knife so
that she would not return home late. He testified:[note: 58]

A:If I do not confront her with a knife, she will talk and ... outsmart me.
And if I confront her with the knife, she will tell the truth.

…

Q:And would I be ... correct in saying that … your talking to her with a knife
worked?

A:Yes, because she’s very afraid of the knife.

37 The accused’s evidence that the knife was only intended for threatening the
deceased is credibly supported by the facts. To begin with, the accused had
arranged to meet the deceased in a public place, which militates against the
argument that he had planned to hurt the deceased with the knife. In addition,
two of the accused’s friends, Vicky and Bala, testified confirming that the
accused was supposed to return _with the deceased_ to meet them after he had
spoken to her.[note: 59] Crucially, prior to his meeting with the deceased,
the accused had spoken to the deceased’s mother regarding his plan to marry
her. According to the deceased’s mother, the accused spoke very softly and
politely and promised to take good care of her daughter.[note: 60]_In our
view, there was no reason to doubt that the accused passionately loved the
deceased, and had arranged for the meeting to reconcile with rather than to
harm, let alone kill, her._

38 Having determined that the killing of the deceased was not premeditated,
the next question which arises is whether the accused had experienced “sudden
and temporary loss of self control” as a result of the provocation, which made
him no longer a “master of [his] mind” (see [35] above). A close analysis of
the accused’s mental state during the killing is necessary to determine both
why and whether he had lost self-control. In this context, it is plain that
the Judge had erroneously found that the accused’s claim about his “mind going
blank” was only made to Dr Tan more than a year after the killing (GD at
[39]). In fact, from the outset, in his statement to the police given soon
after he surrendered dated 14 July 2008, the accused had stated that his mind
went blank at the material time:[note: 61]

After the first stab, I closed my eyes and I started to swing and stab her
several times. I do not know how many times I did this. I could not remember
clearly what I had done. _My mind went blank at that moment_. [emphasis added]

39 In the same statement, the accused said that when the deceased’s friend,
Hema, asked him why he had killed the deceased, he replied “I do not know
myself. My mind went blank.”[note: 62] Thus, it appears that the accused’s
claim that his mind went blank was not, as the Prosecution initially
submitted, and the Judge found, an afterthought. Although the accused
explained that “what was going through my mind at that time were images of
[the deceased] in bed with another man and the other things she had done to me
previously”,[note: 63] this does not preclude him from relying on the partial
defence of provocation. There is no need for his mind to be completely blank
or for there to be automatism when the deceased was stabbed to establish this
partial defence. In this regard, the Judge correctly determined that the
accused’s mental processes did not cease during the killing (GD at [39]):

When all his statements are examined, it is clear that his mental processes
did not cease during the attack. While he had closed his eyes, he felt that
the deceased was holding onto his hands, _he knew that he continued to wield
the knife and that she scratched his right hand when he pulled the knife out
of [her] body. He heard her protestations of love for him._ He remembered that
he knelt to kiss the deceased, and that he decided to remove her necklace or
“thali”, which was a symbol of their relationship.

However, while the accused appeared at some level of consciousness to be aware
of what was happening during the killing, this did not, without more, mean
that he did not lose self-control. The human mind has several levels and
streams of consciousness.

40 The crucial question is whether the accused had suddenly lost self-control
at the material time, _ie_ , when he wildly stabbed her (see [26] and [42])
due to the perceived provocation to the extent that he was _no longer in
control of his mind_. In our view, the facts strongly suggested that this was
the case. The accused had been deeply in love and obsessed with the deceased.
Despite a tumultuous relationship that included severe bouts of distrust and
recurring episodes of intense jealousy, they invariably reconciled. We accept
that the accused had intensely passionate feelings for her. As mentioned
earlier, he had again expected to reconcile with her after talking to her
despite the distress he felt about the latest perceived indiscretion. He had
expected her to beg for his forgiveness as she had done on a previous occasion
when he confronted her about her infidelity (see [6]). However, unfortunately,
events did not unfold the way the accused had hoped. The deceased was not only
unrepentant, but also uttered the taunting remark that the man in the red tee
shirt was a better lover than he. Against the backdrop of the prevailing
unhappy circumstances, it is plausible that this remark then immediately
precipitated the loss of his self-control. It should not be overlooked that
the accused was already crying when the taunt was uttered. This heightened
emotional state probably made him even more emotional and vulnerable to loss
of self-control.[note: 64]

41 The fact that multiple injuries were inflicted in an _entirely random and
frenzied_ manner all over the deceased’s body also suggests that the accused
had suddenly lost self-control. As mentioned earlier (see [26] above), there
were 15 external injuries over various parts of her body. In his statement to
the police dated 14 July 2008, the accused stated thus: [note: 65]

After the first stab, I closed my eyes and I started to swing and stab her
several times. I do not know how many times I did this. I could not remember
clearly what I had done. My mind went blank at that moment. At times, I could
feel that the knife I was holding hit onto something but at times, I felt that
I was swinging my hand in the air. [emphasis added]

42 Much had been made of the accused’s meticulous post-killing conduct. The
Judge stated that the accused should have been very alarmed and concerned when
he saw the deceased lying on the ground bleeding if his mind really “went
blank” (GD at [22]). However, the approach adopted in _Public Prosecutor v
Sundarti Supriyanto_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 622 at [154], quite correctly indicates
that whether post-killing conduct can be taken into account depends on the
facts of each case. The conduct of different individuals after they recover
their composure (partially or completely) after momentarily losing it can vary
infinitely and is contingent upon the existence of incalculable imponderables.
It would not be correct to place undue weight on conduct after the offending
act in a case such as this. Admittedly, the accused’s actions indicate that he
had regained at least part of his composure. After the deceased had fallen
unconscious to the ground, he bent down to kiss her once on her cheek and
pulled a gold chain, which he had given to the deceased as a symbol of
marriage, off her neck as he felt she did not deserve it.[note: 66] However,
this does not decisively indicate that he had not been deprived of self-
control when he had earlier suddenly in a frenzied manner randomly stabbed the
deceased all over her body. Rather, the history of their turbulent
relationship indicated that he appeared prone to lose self-control very easily
and regain it just as quickly. In response to a query from us, the Prosecution
stated that it was not in a position to dispute this view of the
accused.[note: 67] It would be recalled that earlier that fateful day, upon
seeing the deceased behaving intimately with the man in the red tee shirt, the
accused went to the front door of the deceased’s house and impulsively kicked
it very hard. Nonetheless, he was able to quickly regain his composure and
asked the deceased to let him enter the house.[note: 68] In our view, the
circumstances pointed to the conclusion that the accused had likely lost self-
control as a result of the provocation and that he committed a crime of
passion in the heat of the moment.

The objective test

43 To satisfy the objective test, the accused must establish on a balance of
probabilities (_Vijayan v Public Prosecutor_ [1974-1976] SLR(R) 373 at [31])
that an ordinary person of the same sex and age as the accused, sharing his
characteristics as would affect the gravity of the provocation, would have
been so provoked as to suddenly lose his self control.

44 There has been some controversy regarding the nature and application of the
objective test. While the provocation must of course be grave and sudden,
there is no settled definition of the terms “grave and sudden” in the Penal
Code. In _Public Prosecution v Kwan Cin Cheng_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 434 (“ _Kwan
Cin Cheng_ ”), this court held (at [72]) that what constitutes grave and
sudden provocation will depend on the facts of each case. Bearing in mind that
the Penal Code is derived from the Indian Penal Code, Indian authorities
continue to be useful to Singapore court in assessing whether a particular
provocation is grave and sudden.

45 As for what is “sudden”, a leading treatise, _Dr Sri Hari Singh Gour’s
Penal Law of India_ , vol 3 (Law Publishers (India _)_ Pvt Ltd, 11th Ed
Revised, 2011) (“ _Gour_ ”), declares as follows (at p 2498):

When it is said that the provocation must be “sudden” it is implied that it
should have all immediately preceded the homicide in point of time. _A person
may by repeated or continuous provocation arouse another to a state of mind
when the provocation immediately preceding the act is only the last straw._
[emphasis added]

46 What amounts to “sudden” provocation was elaborated on in _K M Nanavati_ _v
State of Maharashtra_ AIR 1962 SC 605 (“ _Nanavati_ ”) by the Indian Supreme
Court, which stated (at 630):

The fatal blow should be clearly traced to the influence of passion arising
from that provocation and not after passion had cooled down by lapse of time,
or otherwise giving room and scope for premeditation and calculation.

In _Mahmood v State_ AIR 1961 ALL 538, Oak J had perceptively noted (at
538–539):

Whether the provocation was sudden or not does not present much difficulty.
The word ‘sudden’ involves two elements. _Firstly, the provocation must be
unexpected._ If an accused plans in advance to receive a provocation in order
to justify the subsequent homicide, the provocation cannot be said to be
sudden. _Secondly, the interval between the provocation and the homicide
should be brief._ If the man giving the provocation is killed within a minute
after the provocation, it is a case of sudden provocation. If the man is
killed six hours after the provocation, it is not a case of sudden
provocation. [emphasis added]

47 We note that the Judge had not made any specific finding on the absence of
a sudden provocation. However, in our view, the present case, the requirement
of a “sudden” provocation had been met. As mentioned earlier, the accused had
fully expected to reconcile with the deceased and cement their relationship
through marriage. The fact that he earnestly disclosed to the deceased’s
mother shortly before the incident his intention to marry her, as well as
informed his friends that he was proceeding to meet the deceased and would
later join them with her, are significant considerations that militate against
premeditation. We pause to note that Mr Khoo acknowledged in the course of
argument that the accused had created “a very good impression on the
[deceased’s] mother” and that the deceased’s mother testified that she felt
the accused was a “fine gentleman and … she trusted him”.[note: 69]_Further,
the Prosecution did not question his evidence that he had believed that she
would ask for forgiveness like she did on a previous occasion when she was
confronted with her infidelity with Kesh_. Indeed, Kathik, a witness for the
Prosecution, also confirmed that the accused had previously threatened the
deceased similarly without any untoward consequences.[note: 70] There was at
most only a brief time interval between the provocation and killing as the
accused stabbed the deceased immediately after her scornful taunt. Evidently,
the deceased’s utterance about the accused’s unsatisfactory sexual prowess was
sudden and totally unexpected.

48 It is clear that both ocular and verbal conduct can constitute provocation.
The more vexing question is whether the provocation was grave enough such that
an ordinary person of the same sex and age as the accused, sharing his
characteristics as would affect the gravity of the provocation, would have
been so provoked as to lose self control. Can words of this nature amount to a
grave provocation? In determining what is grave, a number of authorities
helpfully illuminate the position. In _Gour_ , it is noted (at p 2498):

**Provocation must also be “grave”.** —Not only must the provocation be
sudden, but it must also be grave, and as remarked before, its gravity will be
measured by the deprivation of self-control in which it must have resulted.
Now, before a provocation can be said to be “grave”, it must be one which the
Court recognizes as sufficient to arouse a person’s passions. It must, in
fact, be a provocation which, though not intolerable, is sufficiently serious
to explain the act. _From this, it, of course, follows that the feeling had an
adequate cause_. This implies that the provocative act was either illegal, or
one which, though legal, was improper. Where the act is neither the one nor
the other, there is no legal cause justifying the provocation. [emphasis in
bold in original, emphasis added in italics]

49 In _Dhanno Khan v State of UP_ AIR 1957 ALL 317, the Allahabad High Court
explained:

Each little provocation cannot be called grave simply because the consequences
ensuing from that provocation at the hands of the accused have been grave. The
provocation must be such as will upset not merely a hasty, hot-tempered and
hyper-sensitive person but would upset also a person of ordinary sense and
calmness.

50 Who is a reasonable man for the purposes of the objective test? The concept
of a reasonable person losing self-control was not clearly articulated by the
framers of the Penal Code. When the Indian courts first began applying the
concept found in the English common law at the time, they realised that a
purely objective test would be inoperable and would create injustice if
applied to a multi–cultural, multi-religious, and multi-class structured
society like the one in India: see _Nanavati_ at [82] and Stanley Yeo, Neil
Morgan and Chan Wing Cheong, _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ ,
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) at [29.42]. In _Ithinin bin Kamari v Public
Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 547 (“ _Ithinin_ ”), this court held (at
[38]–[39]):

38 We would take the opportunity to explain that, subject to what we say
further below, the test is normally and primarily an objective one. As Lord
Diplock in _Director of Public Prosecutions v Camplin_ (1978) 67 Cr App R 14;
[1978] AC 705; [1978] 2 All ER 168 [“ _Camplin_ ”] said:

[The ‘reasonable man’] means an ordinary person of either sex, not
exceptionally excitable or pugnacious, but possessed of such powers of self-
control as everyone is entitled to expect that his fellow citizens will
exercise in society as it is today.

39 However, the characteristic of the accused may be a factor to be taken into
consideration in a particular case. Lord Diplock in that case said:

_..._ **the gravity of verbal provocation may well depend upon the particular
characteristics or circumstances of the person to whom a taunt or insult is
addressed** _._ To taunt a person because of his race, **_his physical
infirmities_** or some shameful incident in his past may well be considered by
the jury to be more offensive to the person addressed, however equable his
temperament, if the facts on which the taunt is founded are true than it would
be if they were not. _It would stultify much of the mitigation of the previous
harshness of the common law in ruling out verbal provocation as capable of
reducing murder to manslaughter if the jury could not take into consideration
all those factors which in their opinion would affect the gravity of taunts or
insults when applied to the person to whom they are addressed._

[emphasis added in bold and italics]

51 It seems obvious to us that the conduct of the accused must be assessed by
reference to the reasonable person with a broadly similar background rather
than some imaginary individual travelling on some means of public transport.
No single abstract standard of reasonableness can be laid down. This is a
fact- centric assessment that has to be made in the context of the established
facts. It is now settled that there are at least two types of characteristics
which the court can take into account in assessing whether the objective test
has been met, namely characteristics affecting a similarly placed reasonable
man’s level of self-control and characteristics affecting the gravity of the
provocation. However, an accused’s exceptional hot temper _alone should not_
be taken to exonerate an exceedingly violent response. In _Camplin_ , Lord
Diplock with his customary acuity explained the rationale for this (at 716F):

The public policy that underlay the adoption of the “reasonable man” test in
the common law doctrine of provocation was to reduce the incidence of fatal
violence by preventing a person relying upon his own exceptional pugnacity or
excitability as an excuse for loss of self-control.

52 In similar vein, in _Mahmood_ , Dhavan J penetratingly observed (at 542):

The law cannot permit ill-temper and similar abnormalities to become assets
for the purpose of committing murder, for if it did, “a bad tempered man will
be entitled to a lighter verdict of manslaughter where a good tempered one
would be convicted for murder” Avory, J. in Rex v. Lesbini, (1914) 3 KB 1116.

53 However, with regard to the gravity of the provocation, the court can take
into account _any_ of the accused’s personal characteristics which affect the
gravity of the provocation. In his seminal article on _The Doctrine of
Provocation_ [1976] CLJ 292, Professor Andrew Ashworth clarified the position
(at 299–300):

If it is accepted that a primary purpose of the “reasonable man” test is to
ascertain whether the accused showed reasonable self-control in the face of
the provocation given, then it follows that individual deficiencies of
temperament and mentality must be left out of account. On the other hand, a
proper application of the standard does involve the jury in assessing the
degree and gravity of the provocation. How can the gravity of provocation be
measured? The first point, which could almost be described as a matter of
definition if it had not been judicially challenged, is that it rarely makes
sense to describe a provocation as simply “grave.” Perhaps it makes sense with
serious assaults, which may be universally perceived as gravely provoking; but
in general a provocation can only be described as “'grave” in relation to
persons of a particular class. _Thus the sight of two persons indulging in
sexual intercourse cannot properly be_ _described as a grave provocation—for
it would hardly provoke the_ _unrelated intruder to anything more than
embarrassment—without adding that it would be grave for someone who is
married, engaged or related to one of the participants._ Similarly, to say
that throwing a pigskin shoe is a grave provocation would be incorrect as a
general proposition: but it would be grave to a Moslem. And to describe
knocking a person's crutch away as a grave provocation only makes sense in
relation to a person who relies on a crutch. **_To be meaningful, the
“gravity” of provocation must be expressed in relation to persons in a
particular situation or group." For this reason it is essential and inevitable
that the accused's personal characteristics should be considered by the court.
The proper distinction, it is submitted, is that individual peculiarities
which bear on the gravity of the provocation should be taken into account,
whereas individual peculiarities bearing on the accused's level of self-
control should not._** [emphasis added]

54 In _Attorney General for Jersey v Holley_ [2005] 2 AC 580 (“ _Holley_ ”),
Lord Nicholls observed as follows (at [11]):

Hence if a homosexual man is taunted for his homosexuality it is for the jury
to consider whether a homosexual man having ordinary powers of self-control
might, in comparable circumstances, be provoked to lose his self-control and
react to the provocation as the defendant did. Authority for this proposition,
if needed, is the “glue-sniffer” case of R v Morhall [1996] AC 90. There the
deceased nagged the defendant about his addiction to glue-sniffing. The
problem before the House of Lords was whether this addiction should have been
taken into account at the defendant's trial as affecting the gravity of the
provocation: see p 97D. Lord Goff of Chieveley, with whose speech all members
of the House agreed, said it should. The thrust of his reasoning was that, for
this purpose, “the entire factual situation” was to be taken into account.
This includes matters not falling strictly within the description
“characteristics”. It also includes matters which are discreditable to the
defendant. Lord Goff said, at p 99:

“suppose that a man who has been in prison for a sexual offence, for example
rape, has after his release been taunted by another man with reference to that
offence. It is difficult to see why, on ordinary principles, his
characteristic or history as an offender of that kind should not be taken into
account as going to the gravity of the provocation.”

55 In _Holley_ , the Privy Council also approved of an earlier decision in
_Luc Thiet Thuan v R_ [1996] 2 All ER 1033, where it was held that the
accused’s mental abnormality, unless it formed the subject of the taunts, is
not a relevant characteristic for the purposes of the objective test. In
_Johari_ , this court made it clear (at [94]) that the _Holley_ approach is
part of Singapore law. At this juncture, it bears mention for completeness
that _Holley_ is no longer the cornerstone of the law on provocation in
England following the introduction of the partial defence of loss of self-
control by s 54 of the Coroners and Justice Act 2009 (c 25)(UK). These changes
appear to have been precipitated by long-standing problems with provocation,
including the criticism that the defence is not underpinned by any clear
rationale and problems with the concept of loss of control in relation to the
“slow burn” type of cases. [note: 71]

56 In the present case, the accused’s counsel asserted that the fact that he
suffered from ADHD, which made him more easily provoked and prone to rage
outbursts, should be taken into account in assessing the gravity of the
provocation. This argument is untenable as this deficiency had, on the basis
of the evidence, no apparent nexus whatsoever to the subject matter of the
provocation. Besides this, his satisfactory work history appeared to militate
against the likelihood of this being a significant consideration.

57 We accept, however, that the accused’s mental background may to an extent
be taken into account in assessing the gravity of the provocation. In
_Nanavati_ , the Indian Supreme Court held at 628 and 630:

In _Empress v Khogayi_ , ILR 2 Mad 122, at p.123...The learned Judges
observed:

What is required is that it should be of a character to deprive the offender
of his self-control. In determining whether it was so, it is admissible to
take into account the condition of mind in which the offender was at the time
of the provocation.”

...

… The mental background created by the previous act of the victim may be taken
into consideration in ascertaining whether the subsequent act caused grave and
sudden provocation for committing the offence.

58 In _Kwan Cin Cheng_ , this court agreed (at [50]) that the accused’s
emotional state and mental background leading to it could be taken into
account in assessing the gravity of the provocation:

In the present case, we were of the view that the emotional state of mind of
the respondent could properly have been taken into account. The respondent was
in love with the deceased and was pleading with her to come back to him. In
the words used in Camplin and Ithinin, his emotional state affected the
“gravity of the provocation” by the deceased as it made her callous remarks
harder to bear. Such an emotional state cannot be considered a unique
“peculiarity” of the respondent which diminished his powers of self-control
below that expected from the ordinary person and which should be excluded
according to Luc Thiet Thuan. The learned trial judge found that the
respondent was not normally an aggressive person; his emotional state at the
material time was a temporary reaction to the deceased's recent break-up with
him after a long courtship, and in applying the objective test in Vijayan, the
“reasonable man” must be placed in the same circumstances and background
events as the respondent and hence would in all likelihood have been
experiencing much the same mental anguish as the respondent's. It would have
been absurd to apply the objective test by comparing the respondent's reaction
with a hypothetical man of his age and sex but in good spirits and with no
sentimental feelings for the deceased. **The deceased's provocative words
could not be artificially viewed in isolation; their effects on the respondent
had to be considered along with the events of the preceding days, and there is
ample authority holding that earlier events and the “mental background” they
created in the accused may be relevant:**_Mat Sawi bin Bahodin v PP_ [1958]
MLJ 189 at 191, _Chan Tong v R_ [1960] MLJ 250 at 251, _Nanavati v State of
Maharashtra_ AIR (49) 1962 SC 605 at 630, _Vijayan v PP_ [[1993] 1 SLR(R) 547]
at [23], _Luc Thiet Thuan v The Queen_ [1996] 3 WLR 45 at 58. [emphasis added]

59 It follows that the deceased’s taunt that the man in the red tee shirt was
a better lover than the accused ought not to be viewed in isolation, and its
effects on the accused must be considered against the background of their
strained relationship and the events that transpired earlier that day. _It was
clear that the accused loved the deceased passionately although their
relationship was nothing short of tumultuous.__He has both a possessive and
obsessive personality and is prone to emotional outbursts._ The accused had
brought her to meet his parents, met her frequently and often had sex with
her. He had also met both her parents, professed his love for the deceased and
promised to marry her. Further, he had also manifested his commitment to her
repeatedly despite the ever present turbulence in their relationship. It may
be recalled that in May 2008, he had wanted to take up a part-time course in
Petroleum and Chemical Process Technology at ITE College East but sacrificed
his own studies because the deceased had wanted to resit her GCE “O” Level
examination but had no money to do so (see [7] above). He went so far as to
lie to his grandmother that he needed money to pay for his tuition fees and
when the latter gave him a gold bangle to be pawned, he gave the money to the
deceased for her studies.[note: 72] He had bought the deceased a “Thali”, a
Hindu nuptial chain, to symbolise that she was his wife.[note: 73] Even after
the deceased made the police report against him for raping her, they
reconciled and continued to see each other and again revived their intimate
relationship. In fact, on 5 July 2008, just two days before the killing, the
accused and the deceased went to Sentosa and spent the night together in a
tent where they had sex.[note: 74] In addition, _only minutes before killing
her_ , the accused told the deceased’s mother that he wanted to marry the
deceased and “see [her] face everyday”.[note: 75] He also said that he used to
join gangs in the past but had changed after meeting the deceased and also
started going to church every Saturday under her influence. It was clear that,
tragically, their lives had become intensely and inextricably intertwined.

60 The deceased’s taunt ought, in the prevailing circumstances, to be viewed
in the context of her previous occasions of infidelity and the fact that the
accused had just earlier that day seen the deceased behaving intimately with
the man in the red tee shirt on the morning of the killing. In _Kwan Cin
Cheng_ , this Court noted (at [72]):

**_Romantic and sexual relationships arouse the strongest of human emotions_**
_._ Even assuming that the respondent reacted in particular to his
understanding that the deceased was happy in bed with her new boyfriend, this
alone could not result in him failing the objective test; it is hardly unusual
for a man to be preoccupied with the sexual fidelity of his lover, and to
assume the worst if told that she was happily in love with someone else.
[emphasis added]

61 We note that the Judge after citing _Kwan Cin Cheng_ and _Ithinin_ found
(GD at [36]):

Undoubtedly, the deceased’s words as recounted by the accused had an impact on
him. They were lovers, and she was telling him not only that she was seeing
another person, but she considered that person to be a better lover than him.
**A reasonable man in his position would be hurt by that, but not so enraged
that he would lose his power or self-control. It could be different if she had
said something personal about him, eg, he was a poor lover or ridiculed him
for any sexual deficiencies that he might have.** Yet all that she is alleged
to have said was that the other man was a better lover. On an objective review
of that, the second objective requirement in Exception 1 is not satisfied.
[emphasis added]

In our view, the Judge was mistaken in concluding that all she said was the
other person was a “better lover” and that the words uttered could not amount
to a grave provocation. First, it is far from clear what “reasonable man” the
Judge used as a yardstick to assess the “reasonableness” of the accused’s
reaction. Do the words “ _in his position_ ” refer to his background or the
incident alone or both? In our view, the test is a contextual one that must
take into account the accused’s background and all relevant circumstances (see
[58] and [59] above). Second, here the deceased did not, as the accused had
expected, seek forgiveness for her tryst with the man in the red tee shirt, as
she had done when the accused confronted her about her relationship with Kesh.
Instead, when confronted she had angrily ridiculed him by asserting that the
accused’s sexual prowess was poorer than that of the man in the red tee shirt
and had sought to justify her infidelity on this ground. This utterance was
the proverbial last straw for the accused. _Considering the accused’s
intensely passionate feelings for the deceased and the fact that he expected
to reconcile with her and marry her, it was more probable than not that the
deceased’s taunt that the man in the red tee shirt was a “better lover” than
he transported his passions to such an extent that he entirely lost his self
control momentarily._ Unlike the Judge, we conclude that in the heat of the
moment and in the context of the unfortunate couple’s overwhelming emotional
turbulence, an objective review of the facts suggests that the requirement
that the provocation be ‘grave’ in Exception 1 was satisfied. In arriving at
this conclusion, we take into account the fact that the Prosecution accepts
the accused’s version of what immediately transpired prior to his frenetic
stabbing of the deceased.[note: 76] For completeness, we should point out that
the Prosecution, quite correctly, has not suggested that proportionality was a
key consideration in factually assessing the availability of the defence in a
matter such as this. On this point, we need only reiterate what this Court
stated in _Kwan Cin Cheng_ on this issue, at [69]:

In practice, an inquiry into “proportionality” does little to answer the
essential question of whether an ordinary person would, upon receiving the
provocation in question, have lost his self control to this extent and reacted
as the accused did.

62 Accordingly, we find that the accused had satisfied both the subjective and
objective tests of the partial defence of provocation, and that this reduces
his charge from murder to culpable homicide not amounting to murder.

63 As for the partial defence of diminished responsibility, we found that this
was not substantiated. Although Dr Tan had found that the accused had ADHD, we
preferred the opinion of Dr Kua, which was strongly supported by the objective
evidence. Even if the accused had ADHD, it was not established that it had
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for the murder of the
deceased.

Conclusion

64 For the reasons stated, we find on the balance of probabilities the accused
has made out the defence of grave and sudden provocation. Accordingly, we set
aside the conviction on the charge of murder and convict the accused on a
charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder punishable under s 304(a)
of the Penal Code. We will hear counsel on the appropriate sentence to be
imposed on the accused.

* * *

[note: 1]Further statement of the accused, Vol 4A of Record of Proceedings
(“ROP”) at p 591, para 1.

[note: 2]Dr Tommy Tan’s Report, Vol 4A of ROP at p 534

[note: 3]Sahayam Elis d/o G. Sebastian’s Statement, Vol 4A of ROP at p 720

[note: 4]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 551, para 4

[note: 5]Report of Dr Joshua Kua at p 248 para 5, see Vol 4 of ROP at p 354

[note: 6]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 551, para 4

[note: 7]Report of Dr Joshua Kua at p 248 para 5, Vol 4 of ROP at p 354

[note: 8]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 552, paras 5-9

[note: 9]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 553, para 10

[note: 10]_Ibid_ at p 553, para 12

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at pp 553-554,para 13

[note: 12]_Ibid_ at p 554, para 14

[note: 13]_Ibid_ at p 555, para 17

[note: 14]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 555 , para 19

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at p 556, para 21

[note: 16]_Ibid_ at p 556, para 22

[note: 17]_Ibid_ at p 557, para 23

[note: 18]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at para 25

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at p 558, para 29

[note: 20]_Ibid_ at para 30

[note: 21]_Ibid_ at para 31

[note: 22]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 559, para 32

[note: 23]_Ibid_ at para 34

[note: 24]_Ibid_ at p 560, para 36

[note: 25]_Ibid_ at para 37

[note: 26]_Ibid_ at para 38

[note: 27]_Ibid_ at para 39

[note: 28]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 563, paras 46 and 47

[note: 29]_Ibid_ at p 561, para 43

[note: 30]_Ibid_ at p 564-565, para 51

[note: 31]_Ibid_ at p 565, para 52

[note: 32]_Ibid_ at para 53

[note: 33]_Ibid_ at para 54

[note: 34]_Ibid_ at pp 565-566, para 55

[note: 35]_Ibid_ at p 566, para 56

[note: 36]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at p 566, para 58

[note: 37]_Ibid_ at p 567, para 61

[note: 38]_Ibid_ at pp 567-568, para 63 - 66

[note: 39]Statement of the accused, Vol 4A of ROP at at p 568, para 65

[note: 40]_Ibid_ at para 67 (also corroborated by the statement of Viknesh s/o
Rajandren in Vol 4A of ROP at pg 739, para 29)

[note: 41]_Ibid_ at para 68

[note: 42]_Ibid_ at pg 569, para 70

[note: 43]_Ibid_ at pp 569-570, paras 71- 75

[note: 44]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), Vol 2 of ROP, Day 5 at p 6, lines 2-4

[note: 45]_Ibid_ at para 75

[note: 46]_Ibid_ at p 571, para 77

[note: 47]_Ibid_ at p 572, para 82

[note: 48]Notes of Evidence (“NE”), Vol 2 of ROP, Day 5 at p 572, para 81-83

[note: 49]_Ibid_ at para 83

[note: 50]Statement of Facts, Vol 4 of ROP at pg 28, para 65

[note: 51]Vol 4A of ROP at p 545

[note: 52]Vol 4A of ROP at p 261

[note: 53]NE, Vol 1 of ROP, Day 3 at p 39, lines 22-32

[note: 54]_Ibid_ at p 40, lines 1-15

[note: 55]Vol 4 of ROP, Defence Skeletal Closing submissions at pg 76, para 2

[note: 56]Note of Argument before the CA at p 25, lines 25-32 andp 26, lines
1-8

[note: 57]See also _ibid_ at p 22, lines 5-10

[note: 58]NE, Vol 2 of ROP, Day 5 at p 13, lines 15-16 and 21-23

[note: 59]Statement of Viknesh s/o Rajandren, Vol 4A of ROP at p 739, para 29
and Statement of Balasubramaniam s/o Tangavelu, Vol 4A of ROP at p 741, para 3

[note: 60]Statement of Sahayam Elis d/o G.Sebastian, Vol 4A of ROP at p 723,
paras 19 and 20

[note: 61]Statement of Sahayam Elis d/o G.Sebastian, Vol 4A of ROP at pg 577,
para 98

[note: 62]_Ibid_ at pg 578, para 101

[note: 63]NE, Vol 2 of ROP, Day 5 at p 6, lines 15-20

[note: 64]Vol 4A of ROP at p 570, para 73

[note: 65]_Ibid_ at p 577, para 98

[note: 66]Vol 4A of ROP at pg 570, para 73

[note: 67]Notes of argument before the CA at p 18, lines 8-20

[note: 68]_Ibid_ at pg 566, para 56

[note: 69]Notes of argument before the CA(26 May 2012) at p 22, lines 28–31

[note: 70]NE, Day 2at p 51, lines 18-20 and p 52, lines 10-13

[note: 71]UK Law Commission, _Partial Defences to Murder_ (6 August 2004). See
also UK Ministry of Justice, _Murder, manslaughter and infanticide: proposals
for reform of the law (Consultation Paper CP 19/08)(2008)_ at paras 17-20

[note: 72]Vol 4A of ROP at pp 553-554, para 13

[note: 73]_Ibid_ at pg 570, para 74

[note: 74]_Ibid_ at pg 561, para 43

[note: 75]_Ibid_ at pg 723, para 19

[note: 76]Notes of argument before the CA at p 27, line 9

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

