Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd _v_ L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 75

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 988/2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kelvin Chia Swee Chye (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff; Tan Liam Beng and Soh Chun York (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd — L W Infrastructure Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeals Nos 17
and 26 of 2012 were dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 18 October 2012. See
[2012] SGCA 57.]

10 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This Originating Summons (“the OS”) was an application by Lim Chin San
Contractors Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”) pursuant to s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the
Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to set aside an arbitrator’s
award. The award dated 20 October 2011 (“the Additional Award”) was an
additional award given by the arbitrator under s 43(4) of the Act to L W
Infrastructure Pte Ltd (“the defendant”) for pre-award interest. I granted the
plaintiff’s application with costs and ordered that the Additional Award be
set aside. The defendant has appealed against my order (in Civil Appeal No 17
of 2012) while the plaintiff has cross-appealed (in Civil Appeal No 26 of
2012) against my refusal to grant a declaration that the Additional Award be
declared a nullity and that it was not an award under s 43 of the Act. In the
light of the appeals, I now set out the detailed grounds for my decision.

2 There is little case law on the operation of s 43(4) of the Act, and the
main questions at issue in this case related to whether the court had the
power to set aside an additional arbitral award on the basis that it was not
validly made under s 43(4); and the extent to which the rules of natural
justice applied to the operation of the same section.

Background

3 The parties were engaged in arbitration before an arbitrator, one Johnny Tan
Cheng Hye (“the Arbitrator”), pursuant to a Notice of Arbitration served on 22
June 2004 by the defendant on the plaintiff. In the arbitral proceedings, the
defendant was the claimant while the plaintiff was the respondent. It was not
disputed that the Act applied to these proceedings.

4 The procedural history relating to the arbitration is a little complicated,
and involved the Arbitrator rendering several awards. The Arbitrator rendered
his Final Award on 29 June 2010, in which the plaintiff was awarded the sum of
$341,391.10 with simple interest at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the date
of the award. The Final Award took into consideration numerous claims and
counterclaims, one of which was for liquidated damages to be paid by the
plaintiff to the defendant. The Arbitrator made no award of liquidated damages
in the Final Award. To correct some typographical errors in the Final Award,
the Arbitrator then issued a Supplementary Award on 15 July 2010 (“the First
Supplementary Award”).

5 Both parties were dissatisfied with the Arbitrator’s decision, and appealed
against it on questions of law arising out of the Final Award. The defendant
filed Originating Summons No 759 of 2010 while the plaintiff cross-appealed by
way of Originating Summons No 769 of 2010. Both appeals were heard before
Justice Judith Prakash, who in her decision of 5 July 2011 (see _LW
Infrastructure Pte Ltd v Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd_ [2011] 4 SLR 477)
dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal and substantially allowed the defendant’s
appeal. The Final Award was remitted to the Arbitrator for reconsideration of
the issue of whether the defendant should be entitled to liquidated damages in
the light of the court’s orders.

Following this remittance, the Arbitrator rendered his Supplementary Award No
2 (Remitted Issues) on 21 September 2011 (“the Second Supplementary Award”),
in which the defendant was awarded the sum of $945,000 for liquidated damages.
In satisfaction thereof, the plaintiff was ordered to pay the defendant the
sum of $603,608.90, after setting off the sum of $341,391.10 due to the
plaintiff in the Final Award. Interest was awarded at the rate of 5.33% per
annum on the sum of $603,608.90 from the date of the Second Supplementary
Award

7 The dispute in the OS was sparked off when the defendant’s solicitor wrote
to the Arbitrator on 17 October 2011 with a request for “pre-award interest”.
The letter was carbon copied to the plaintiff’s solicitors. The pertinent
portions of the letter are set out below:

2\. The [defendant] had made a claim for interest to be paid by the
[plaintiff]. This is prayed for in the Points of Claim (Amendment No. 3). The
claim for interest, as prayed for by the [defendant] would include both pre-
award as well as post-award interest.

3\. However, we note that the Tribunal had omitted from the Supplementary
Award No. 2 (Remitted Issues) the award of pre-award interest on the sum of
$603,608.90 to the [defendant]. The Tribunal had only awarded post-award
interest on the sum of $603,608.90 in the Supplementary Award No. 2 (Remitted
Issues).

4\. It is provided in section 43(4) of the Arbitration Act (“the Act”) as
follows:-

_“Unless otherwise agreed by parties, a party may, within 30 days of receipt
of the award and upon notice to the other party, request the arbitral tribunal
to make an additional award as to claims presented during the arbitration
proceedings but omitted from the award.”_

5\. Pursuant to section 43(4) of the Act, our clients hereby request the
Tribunal to make an additional award as to a claim for pre-award interest
presented during the arbitration proceedings but omitted from the
Supplementary Award No. 2 (Remitted Issues). (emphasis original)

8 The Arbitrator’s reply dated 20 October 2011 was sent to both parties’
solicitors, and it stated:

1 I refer to the letter from M/s Drew & Napier LLC dated 17 Oct 2011.

2 I enclose herewith my Additional Award issued pursuant section 43(4)(sic)
dealing with pre-award interest on the sum of $603,608.90 awarded.

9 The defendant’s solicitors in its letter above, at [7], claimed that the
Arbitrator had awarded only post-award interest, and thus requested for pre-
award interest pursuant to s 43(4) of the Act. The Arbitrator acceded to the
request by making the Additional Award three days after receipt of the
defendant’s solicitors’ letter. The Additional Award stated that the defendant
was to be entitled to pre-award interest:

1 Pursuant to section 43(4) of the Arbitration Act, a party may within 30 days
of receipt of the award and upon notice to the other party, request the
arbitrator to make an additional award as to claims presented during the
arbitration proceedings but omitted from the award.

2 In my Supplementary Award No. 2 (Remitted Issues), I had awarded post-award
simple interest at the rate of 5.33% p.a. on the sum of $603,608.90 from the
date of the Supplementary Award No. 2. I have overlooked and omitted to deal
with the pre-award interest on the sum of $603,608.90. I now deal with the
pre-award interest in this additional award.

10 The Arbitrator then proceeded to award a further sum of $274,114.61 to the
defendant as pre-award interest calculated on the sum of $603,608.90 from 13
January 2003 to the date of the Second Supplementary Award. The Arbitrator
stated that the date 13 January 2003 was selected because it was the date from
which liquidated damages in the main arbitrated dispute accrued.

11 The plaintiff objected to the award of pre-award interest and filed the OS
praying for the following reliefs:

(a) that the Additional Award be declared a nullity in that it was not an
award made under or for the purposes of s 43 of the Arbitration Act;

(b) further or in the alternative, an order that the Additional Award be set
aside under s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the Arbitration Act.

As stated in [1], I only granted the plaintiff the relief in prayer (b) and
made no order on prayer (a).

The plaintiff’s prayer (a) that the Additional Award was not an award made
under s 43 of the Act

12 Given that the Arbitrator had issued the Additional Award pursuant to s
43(4) of the Act, the plaintiff’s references to s 43 were taken to refer to s
43(4) of the Act (and for completeness, s 43(5)), which states:

**Correction or interpretation of award and additional award**

**43.** – ...

(4) Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, a party may, within 30 days of
receipt of the award and upon notice to the other party, request the arbitral
tribunal to make an additional award as to claims presented during the
arbitration proceedings but omitted from the award.

(5) If the arbitral tribunal considers the request in subsection (4) to be
justified, the tribunal shall make the additional award within 60 days of the
receipt of such request.

13 The plaintiff’s submissions on this point were very simple and were based
on the plain reading of s 43(4) and the word “interest”. Kelvin Chia, (“Mr
Chia”) counsel for the plaintiff, argued that the Arbitrator had become
_functus officio_ upon making his final award, which in this case would
presumably be the Final Award as varied by the First and Second Supplementary
Awards. Section 44(2) of the Act only permitted variation of the final award
insofar as this was allowed by s 43 of the Act, and by its words, s 43(4) only
supported an additional award for claims which were presented during the
arbitration proceedings but omitted from the award.

14 Central to Mr Chia’s submissions on this point was that before the
Arbitrator, the defendant had presented its claim for interest as a request
for “interest”, rather than as a bifurcated claim for pre-award and post-award
interest. According to Mr Chia, this meant that the defendant’s claim for and
the Arbitrator’s subsequent grant of pre-award interest fell outside s 43(4).
Since the defendant’s claim was for “interest”, the claim for pre-award
interest specifically was not presented to the Arbitrator. Since the
Arbitrator had awarded interest to the defendant in the Second Supplementary
Award (although this was only for the period subsequent to the award), pre-
award interest was therefore not omitted from the claim.

15 Mr Chia’s arguments were somewhat contradictory. If a claim for pre-award
interest was not presented to the Arbitrator, how can it not have been omitted
from the award? If pre-award interest is stated to be “not omitted”, the
suggestion is that it was included. But if pre-award interest was not
presented as a claim in the first place, how could it have been included at
all? A clearer way of presenting his arguments would have been to state them
in the alternative. Either pre-award interest specifically was not presented
to the Arbitrator or, it had been presented to the Arbitrator as part of the
consolidated request for “interest” – and given that the Arbitrator had
awarded “interest” to the defendant, pre-award interest could not be said to
have been omitted from the award. This presentation of alternatives was
supported by the very words of s 43(4) of the Act.

16 In any event, the plaintiff’s submissions invited this court to make the
finding that the award of pre-award interest in the Additional Award fell
outside s 43(4), and on that basis the court should declare it a nullity. The
plaintiff’s case here was that the Arbitrator had exceeded his statutory
powers to make an additional award, since he had not made this award within
the purview of s 43(4) of the Act.

The defendant’s claim that it had made a claim for interest in the main
arbitral proceedings

17 The defendant’s position was that it had clearly presented a claim for pre-
award interest in the main arbitral proceedings. The defendant relied on
_Panchaud_ _Frères SA v Pagnan and Fratelli_ [1974] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 394 and
_Leong Kum Whay v QBE Insurance (M) Sdn Bhd & Ors._ [2006] 1 MLJ 710. In those
cases, courts had remitted arbitral awards to the tribunal for
reconsideration, on the ground that interest had not been allowed on the
awards. The defendant also cited _dicta_ to the effect that interest should be
payable from the date the sum awarded had become due and payable, and claimed
that therefore the Arbitrator was obliged to consider the defendant’s
entitlement to both pre-award and post-award interest in the main arbitration.
The defendant also relied on s 35(2) of the Act which states that a sum to be
paid pursuant to an award shall carry interest from the date of the award.
Therefore, the defendant’s claim for “interest” must have referred to pre-
award interest, since post-award interest was automatically included under the
Act.

18 I did not see any merit in the defendant’s contentions on this point. The
real issue at hand was whether the Arbitrator was empowered to revive his
jurisdiction and make the Additional Award for pre-award interest, and not
whether the Arbitrator was correct at law to have awarded pre-award interest.
This turned in part on whether the claim for pre-award interest was in fact
presented before the Arbitrator. Therefore, the defendant’s first argument
that the Arbitrator was as a matter of law obliged to consider both pre and
post-award interest in the main arbitration is neither here nor there. After
all, we are concerned with what the Arbitrator actually did.

19 The defendant’s second argument made on the basis of s 35(2) of the Act
stemmed from a strained, untenable and disingenuous interpretation of the
section. Further, I was not convinced that the defendant had framed its claim
for “interest” with an awareness of the effect of s 35(2). It seemed more
likely than not that the defendant had made a claim for “interest” without
giving further thought to the distinction between pre- and post-award
interest. The statute’s automatic provision for post-award interest does not
suffice to cure the defendant’s lack of specificity. There was no indication
that the defendant had sought to distinguish between the two forms of
interest.

Can the court declare an additional award a nullity for falling outside s
43(4)?

20 In my view, s 43(4) was not in and of itself a ground upon which the court
could declare the Additional Award a nullity and set it aside. The section
conferred no such jurisdiction on the court to do so. Judicial intervention in
arbitration proceedings should be kept to a minimum, and the courts should
only interfere with the arbitral award where there are very good reasons to do
so. This principle is reflected in the clear words of s 47 of the Act, which
states:

**No judicial review of award**

**47**. The Court shall not have jurisdiction to confirm, vary, set aside or
remit an award on an arbitration agreement except where so provided in this
Act.

21 A reaffirmation of this principle was found in _Soh Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v
Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Soh Beng Tee_ ”) at [65]
where the Court of Appeal stated:

...minimal curial intervention is underpinned by two principal considerations.
First, there is a need to recognise the autonomy of the arbitral process by
encouraging finality, so that its advantage as an efficient alternative
dispute resolution process is not undermined. Second, having opted for
arbitration, parties must be taken to have acknowledged and accepted the
attendant risks of having only a very limited right of recourse to the courts.

22 The only provision in the Act which allows the court to set aside an
arbitral award is s 48, which subsections list several instances in which the
court has jurisdiction to interfere with an arbitral award. It should be
emphasised that the list in s 48 is exhaustive; the court does not otherwise
have inherent or residual discretion to set aside an arbitral award. The only
other provision in the Act which confers jurisdiction upon the court to set
aside an arbitral award is s 49(8)(d) in the context of an appeal against the
award on a question of law. However, this provision was not in issue in the
instant case.

23 Therefore, in order for the plaintiff to have succeeded on this point, it
would have had to show that its case fell within one of the subsections of s
48. The most applicable subsection would be s 48(1)(a)(iv), which states that
a court may set aside an arbitral award if it dealt with matters or contained
decisions beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration. The ambit of this
subsection clearly covers situations where the arbitrator had exceeded his
statutory powers. Counsel for the defendant, Tan Liam Beng (“Mr Tan”), had
raised the point that the plaintiff had not pleaded s 48(1)(a)(iv) in the OS.
Mr Chia acknowledged that it was not pleaded because he was not relying on s
48(a)(iv).

24 At the hearing, Mr Chia did not depart from his position that the court had
to decide whether s 43(4) gave the Arbitrator a valid basis for issuing an
Additional Award. As discussed previously, since s 43(4) was not an empowering
provision, no relief could be granted pursuant to this section alone, without
reference to s 48.

25 Mr Tan on the other hand maintained his position that the court did not
have the power to declare the Additional Award a nullity on the basis of s
43(4). In response thereto, Mr Chia raised another argument – that O 15 r 16
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed) and the court’s general
jurisdiction under para 14 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) enabled the court to do so. Mr
Chia’s point was that this court was conferred jurisdiction under the SCJA to
grant all manner of reliefs at law and in equity, and this extended to
jurisdiction to make a declaratory judgment.

26 I was not with Mr Chia on this point. If the Act did not confer
jurisdiction on the court to decide whether an arbitral award could be set
aside on the basis of non-compliance with s 43(4), then obviously the court
had no jurisdiction to deal with the matter and would not be able to grant
declaratory relief. A request for such would appear to be a last ditch attempt
at circumventing s 47 of the Act.

The alleged breach of the rules of natural justice

27 The plaintiff’s second prayer for relief was framed as an application under
s 48(1)(a)(vii) of the Act, which states:

**Court may set aside award**

**48.** – (1) An award may be set aside by the Court –

(a) if the party who applies to the Court to set aside the award proves to the
satisfaction of the Court that –

...

(vii) a breach of the rules of natural justice occurred in connection with the
making of the award by which the rights of any party have been prejudiced...

Quite clearly, the plaintiff had to show that a rule of natural justice had
been breached and that consequentially its rights were prejudiced.

28 The plaintiff put forward two arguments in support of this claim, both of
which complained of a breach of the rule of natural justice known as _audi
alteram partem_ or, that each party must be given adequate notice and
opportunity to be heard before the tribunal makes its decision (see _Front Row
Investment Holdings (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Daimler South East Asia Pte Ltd_
[2010] SGHC 80 at [30], [32] and [33]). The first was that the Arbitrator had
failed to give the plaintiff an opportunity to be heard before issuing the
Additional Award. The Arbitrator had rendered the Additional Award a mere
three days from the defendant’s solicitors’ letter of request for an
additional award, without inviting the plaintiff’s solicitors to respond or
giving them reasonable time to so do. The second was that the Arbitrator had
decided the issue on a basis not raised or contemplated by the parties. The
Arbitrator had awarded pre-award interest that ran from 13 January 2003, which
pre-dated the commencement of the arbitration proceedings on 22 June 2004. The
plaintiff claimed that the parties did not contemplate that interest would be
awarded for any period preceding the commencement of arbitration.

29 The legal principles which apply when determining whether there was a
breach of the rules of natural justice were set out by the Court of Appeal in
_Soh Beng Tee_ at [29], approving of _John Holland Pty Ltd v Toyo Engineering
Corp (Japan)_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 443:

...a party challenging an arbitration award as having contravened the rules of
natural justice must establish: (a) which rule of natural justice was
breached; (b) how it was breached; (c) in what way the breach was connected to
the making of the award; and (d) how the breach prejudiced its rights.

The four steps enumerated by the Court of Appeal were simply the requirements
set out in s 48(1)(a)(vii), plus the question of causation. Having alleged
that it was the rule of _audi alteram partem_ that had been breached, it then
fell to the plaintiff to establish how the rule had been breached.

Applicability of the rules of natural justice to s 43(4) of the Arbitration
Act

30 Before examining the plaintiff’s arguments on how the rule had been
breached, I shall first consider the defendant’s position that there could not
have been a breach of the rules of natural justice in the making of the
Additional Award, because the rules of natural justice only applied to the
arbitration hearing proper and not to the making of the Additional Award. As a
result, it was contended, no fresh submissions were necessary, and the parties
had already had a full opportunity to present their cases during the
arbitration hearing proper.

31 The argument raised by the defendant in support of its position was that
the purpose of s 43(4) was to allow the Arbitrator to correct any omissions in
the award caused by inadvertent oversight, and therefore no further
submissions should be necessary. Mr Tan pointed to the plain words of s 43(4),
and argued it was not meant to deal with claims that were not submitted during
the arbitration, such as would warrant fresh submissions from the parties. Mr
Tan submitted that the“...[a]rbitrator was not required to give such notice or
consider any further submissions from the plaintiff in the present case.” This
argument was supported by a reference to the _Analytical Commentary on Draft
Texts of a Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration, Report of the
Secretary-General_ , U.N. Doc A/CN.9/264 (March 25, 1985) produced by the
United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (“UNCITRAL Commentary”),
which contains commentary on the UNCITRAL Model Law. Article 33 of the Model
Law is in _pari materia_ with s 43 of the Act. Indeed, the entire Act was
drafted with reference to the Model Law. The commentary on Article 33 states:

The third possible measure (in _pari materia_ to ss 43(4) and (5) of the
Arbitration Act) is to make an additional award as to any claim presented in
the arbitral proceedings but omitted from the award (e.g. claimed interest was
erroneously not awarded). **If the arbitral tribunal considers the request,
not necessarily the omitted claim, to be justified, it shall make an
additional award, irrespective of whether any further hearing or taking of
evidence is required for that purpose.** (emphasis in bold added)

32 Mr Tan also referred to s 39(5) of the Act, which explicitly states that
before an arbitrator makes a decision on the costs of arbitration, he first
had to give the parties a reasonable opportunity to be heard. In contrast, s
43(4) made no such explicit statement, and therefore did not require the
Arbitrator to consider fresh submissions from the parties before issuing the
Additional Award.

33 The defendant’s argument appeared to be premised on the notion that s 43(4)
was merely a corrective provision, and did not permit the Arbitrator to make
fresh awards on claims that were not canvassed before him. On the defendant’s
case, there is no room within which the rules of natural justice could
operate. I agreed insofar as s 43(4) is a corrective provision; however, I was
not with the defendant on its submission that the rules of natural justice
thus do not apply. This conclusion was not only rather extreme, it also did
not logically follow. The reasons for my disagreement will be explained later.

34 The plaintiff countered the defendant’s position by referring to s 22 of
the Arbitration Act, which states:

**General duties of arbitral tribunal**

**22**. The arbitral tribunal shall act fairly and impartially and shall give
each party a reasonable opportunity of presenting his case.

The plaintiff also referred to an excerpt from the textbook by David St. John
Sutton, Judith Gill and Matthew Gearing, _Russell on Arbitration_ (23rd Ed,
Sweet & Maxwell 2007) (“ _Russell_ ”) at p 64 which stated that before the
tribunal exercised its power to make an additional award, it should give the
parties notice and reasonable opportunity to make representations. This
statement from _Russell_ however, was written with reference to the English
Arbitration Act 1996, in which provision for making an additional award
specifically includes a reference to the rule _audi alteram partem_. Mr Chia
candidly admitted that our legislation did not have such specific inclusion,
but stressed that the effect of s 22 of the Act was that natural justice was
an overarching concept that would affect the entire arbitration proceedings
including the making of the Additional Award.

35 The question therefore, really was whether natural justice should apply to
the entire arbitration proceedings, or whether natural justice only applied
where the statute specifically provided that it should. I was of the view that
the former is the correct answer. In fact, natural justice should apply to the
entire arbitration proceedings even if s 22 did not specifically allow for it
and even if the Act made no provision for it. Natural justice is an implied
requirement of all arbitral proceedings, and each and every aspect of the
same.

36 Without going into a long exposition on the provenance of the rules of
natural justice, it would suffice to state that those rules apply to a
tribunal whenever it is acting in a judicial capacity; and a tribunal so acts
when it is deciding on the rights of parties whether substantive or
procedural. This is so because the rules of natural justice aim to protect
parties from a miscarriage of justice, and they should therefore apply
whenever there is occasion for justice to be carried out. These principles are
immutable.

37 An arbitral tribunal is undoubtedly acting in a judicial capacity, being in
a position to decide on the rights of the parties who have submitted to
arbitration before it. Therefore, the rules of natural justice should permeate
and impregnate every single one of its findings and determinations.

The manner in which the rules of natural justice applied to s 43(4)of the Act

38 The defendant argued that s 43(4) being a corrective provision, it was not
meant to be used for claims that were not the subject of the main arbitration.
This must be right, and s 43(4) certainly does not allow an arbitrator a
backdoor to consider issues that were not part of the main arbitration and
thereby subvert the principle that an arbitrator who has made his final award
is _functus officio_. Section 43 provides for the ability of the arbitrator to
correct errors that he had made in the award; it allows an arbitrator to deal
with claims that he had omitted to address. The purpose of allowing an
arbitrator to make an additional award in respect of claims presented during
the arbitral hearing is not immediately obvious from a superficial reading of
s 43(4); it seems puzzling to allow a tribunal to make additional awards after
the conclusion of arbitration proceedings. The provision allows for the
correction of genuine inadvertent omissions made by the arbitrator, but why
should the principle of finality have to make room for the arbitrator’s
oversight? The answer may well lie in the principle of minimal curial
intervention in arbitral proceedings and the associated need to maintain the
autonomy and utility of the arbitral process.

39 If an arbitrator in his award genuinely omitted to deal with a claim
presented during the arbitral proceedings, a claimant may well bring an action
in the courts to set aside the arbitral award for failing to comply with the
rules of natural justice. This would be on the basis that the arbitrator had
failed to consider the claimant’s claim and the claimant therefore failed to
receive a fair hearing. The court would then be constrained to intervene in
the arbitral proceedings, no matter which way it decides. If the court decides
that there was no breach of natural justice, it would uphold the award; if
otherwise, it would set aside the award or that tainted part of the award
insofar as it was separable. In either case, there would be curial
intervention.

40 The desirability of minimal curial intervention was comprehensively dealt
with in _Soh Beng Tee_ , where the Court of Appeal stated at [59]:

It is incontrovertible that international practice has now radically shifted
in favour of respecting and preserving the autonomy of the arbitral process in
contrast to the earlier practice of enthusiastic curial intervention...

The Court of Appeal went on to discuss the considerations behind this
principle at [62], one of which was:

Aggressive judicial intervention can only result in the prolonging of the
arbitral process and encourage myriad unmeritorious challenges to the arbitral
award by dissatisfied parties. Left unchecked, an interventionist approach can
lead to _indeterminate challenges_ , cause _indeterminate costs_ to be
incurred and lead to _indeterminate_ delays. (emphasis original)

41 The ability to make an additional award, therefore, supports the principle
of minimal curial intervention because it allows the arbitrator to correct his
award for genuine oversights and fortify it against litigious challenges based
on natural justice principles. The award would be less vulnerable to attack in
the courts, and the autonomy of the arbitral process would thus be upheld.

42 The limitation on this ability of course is that the claim could not be one
which was not presented during the arbitral proceedings because that would be
tantamount to reopening the proceedings. Therefore, all the submissions and
evidence necessary for an arbitrator to make his additional award must have
been placed before him during the main arbitral proceedings, and nothing
further should be required of him to make his decision. It is in this context
that the UNCITRAL Commentary excerpt cited by the defendant should be read
(see [31] above). The defendant relied on that portion of the Commentary which
states:

If the arbitral tribunal considers the request, not necessarily the omitted
claim, to be justified, it shall make an additional award, irrespective of
whether any further hearing or taking of evidence is required for that
purpose.

This excerpt above does not mean that the tribunal should be able to come to a
determination without regard to whether any further hearings or evidence was
required. It cannot mean this, because such a meaning would effectively
exclude the operation of the rules of natural justice, which as stated above
should apply to each and every aspect of the arbitral process. Rather, the
preferred meaning would be that an arbitrator should not need any further
hearings or evidence in order to come to his decision, because everything
would have already been presented to him during the main arbitral proceedings.

43 The defendant rode on the corrective nature of s 43(4) to argue that
natural justice thus did not apply to the section; I disagreed. Before an
arbitrator can make an additional award under s 43(4), he must first correctly
decide that s 43(4) applies at all. It is at this point that natural justice
is especially pertinent to the section. This decision would involve his being
satisfied that the subject of the request was both presented during the
arbitral proceedings and omitted from the final award. Both requirements are
questions of fact, which if answered affirmatively would admit of significant
consequences, namely to allow an arbitrator who was _functus officio_ after
the making of his final award, to revive his jurisdiction and make an
additional award. The conclusions on these questions of fact go towards the
question of law of whether the arbitrator was empowered to make an additional
award under s 43(4).

44 Given that these questions of fact and law only arise when one party makes
a request under s 43(4), it is only fair that the other party should be given
an opportunity to submit on what the answers to those questions should be.
That should be the purpose of the requirement imposed by s 43(4) itself, _viz_
that the requesting party gives notice to the other party of the request made
to the tribunal. The notice is not simply meant to warn the other party of
what is to come, but rather to give the other party an opportunity to respond
to the request and address the arbitrator on the applicability of s 43(4).

45 The plaintiff argued strenuously on the issues of whether pre-award
interest had been presented during the main arbitral proceedings and whether
it had been omitted from the final award. The answers to those questions
turned on the meaning of “interest” as it had been presented by the parties
before the arbitrator, and were not questions that I could decide. Those were
the two questions of fact which the arbitrator had to answer before he could
decide if at law he was empowered to make an additional award. It bears
repeating that judicial review of arbitral awards does not lie for alleged
errors of law or fact made by the tribunal.

46 Further, those questions of fact are not necessarily straightforward or
easy to answer, and under most circumstances would benefit from the
submissions of parties. Indeed, the Court of Appeal in _Soh Beng Tee_ at [30]
–[40] took considerable length to discuss the issue of “whether time was at
large” was presented to the arbitral tribunal and was a live issue in that
case.

Whether the rule of audi alteram partem had been breached in this case

47 The applicability of the rules of natural justice to s 43(4) have been
established, and it remained to be determined if the plaintiff had established
how the rule of _audi alteram partem_ had been breached; how the breach was
connected to the Additional Award; and how this prejudiced the plaintiff’s
rights.

48 As stated above at [28], the plaintiff complained that the Arbitrator had
failed to give it an opportunity to be heard before issuing the Additional
Award, and the Additional Award decided the issue of pre-award interest which
had not been contemplated by the parties.

49 In my view, this sufficed to establish that the rule of _audi alteram
partem_ had been breached. The plaintiff pressed the point that the Arbitrator
had rendered the Additional Award within three days of receipt of the letter
of request from the defendant’s solicitors when, pursuant to s 43(5), the
Arbitrator had a generous sixty days within which to render the same. The
Arbitrator’s haste to render the Additional Award certainly raised eyebrows,
and struck directly at the root of the inquiry as to whether he had given the
plaintiff adequate opportunity to respond.

50 The plaintiff had produced to the court a letter from the Arbitrator to the
plaintiff dated 21 October 2011 which was carbon copied to the defendant. The
Arbitrator explained the speed of his action as follows:

M/s Drew & Napier LLC wrote to me on 17 Oct 2011 requesting for the additional
award pursuant to Section 43(4). I held my hands for 3 days till 20 Oct 2011
pending a response from the Respondent. Since there was no objection raised
and no interim reply to suggest that the Respondent intended to object to the
request, I proceeded to deal with the application.

As the Arbitrator pointed out, the plaintiff could well have written an
interim reply indicating its intention to object to the defendant’s request,
and which might have avoided this litigation. Even so, I was of the view that
what the Arbitrator had done here was wrong. He justified his own actions by
stating that he had given the plaintiff three days to reply to the defendant’s
request, and by that statement seemed to suggest that he had given the
plaintiff adequate opportunity to respond. However, this was hardly an
adequate opportunity given that s 43(5) did allow the Arbitrator sixty days to
render the Additional Award, and that the consequences of the Additional Award
were to impose a liability on the plaintiff to pay the defendant a further sum
of $274,114.61. In other words, the short time given for the plaintiff to
respond and the grave consequences of the Additional Award made it
unreasonable to say that the plaintiff here had been given adequate
opportunity to respond and unreasonable to infer that the plaintiff did not
intend to object to the making of the Additional Award. Further, the
Arbitrator had not contacted the plaintiff to ascertain if it actually did not
intend to object to the making of the Additional Award.

51 The question of whether the plaintiff had been given adequate opportunity
to respond in this case turned on the short time given for the latter’s
response and the serious consequences of the Additional Award. However, the
two factors alone should not necessarily be conclusive of the question in
other cases; in every case, it should be determined if there are other factors
which would persuade the court that adequate or inadequate opportunity had
been given. These could include the manner in which the request was made and
the timing of the request, both of which remain unspecified by s 43(4) of the
Act and therefore would admit to some flexibility in interpretation. In this
case the request was made by way of a letter sent on 17 October 2011, which
was a Monday, a working day. To my mind the timing and manner of this request
was perfectly reasonable, but that did little to ameliorate the prejudicial
weightiness of the two factors discussed above.

52 Having established that the rule of _audi alteram partem_ had been
breached, the next two stages of the inquiry can be dealt with in brief. The
breach of the rule was connected to the making of the Additional Award because
it was made without affording the plaintiff the opportunity to be heard as to
whether the Additional Award should or should not be made, and the breach
prejudiced the plaintiff’s rights because the sum of $274,114.61 was awarded
against the plaintiff in consequence of the breach.

53 I shall now address the defendant’s contention that the plaintiff had not
suffered prejudice because the Arbitrator would have awarded pre-award
interest to the defendant anyway, even if the plaintiff had been allowed to
make submissions on s 43(4). The defendant stressed that this was because as a
matter of law, the defendant would have been entitled to pre-award interest in
any event (see also its submissions at [17] above). The defendant relied on
_dicta_ from _Soh Beng Tee_ at [91] which stated: “an applicant will have to
persuade the court that there has been some actual or real prejudice caused by
the alleged breach”. In my view, this contention was without merit, because as
a result of the breach of _audi alteram partem_ , the plaintiff was denied an
opportunity to submit on the applicability of s 43(4). If the plaintiff had
successfully resisted the Additional Award, the award of pre-award interest
would not have been made against it, no matter how sound the defendant’s
arguments on the law of pre-award interest were. Simply put, there would have
been no scope for the Arbitrator to have corrected his alleged error of law on
pre-award interest.

Conclusion

54 For the reasons stated above, I found that the rule of natural justice,
_audi alteram partem_ , had been contravened by the Arbitrator’s action in
making the Additional Award, by which the plaintiff’s rights were prejudiced.
I therefore set aside the whole of the Additional Award under s 48(1)(a)(vii)
of the Act with costs to the plaintiff fixed at $6,000 inclusive of
disbursements. Given that I had granted an order in terms of the alternative
prayer (b) of the OS, it was unnecessary in my view, to grant the declaration
sought for in prayer (a) at [11] above; hence, I made no such order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

