Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ong Kim Yeng and another _v_ Forte Development Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 215

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 860 of 2012 (Registrar's Appeal No 416
of 2012) and Originating Summons No 763 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Liew Tuck Yin (LawHub LLC) for the plaintiffs;
Edric Pan XingZheng and Khoo Eu Shen (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ong Kim Yeng and another — Forte Development Pte Ltd  
  
24 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Forte Development Pte Ltd (“Forte”) claimed that it was entitled, under a
contract of sale, to the property known as “231B Rangoon Road”. The vendors
were Ong Kim Yeng and Ng Goon Tin (“the vendors”). Sometime about 5 December
2011, the vendors were approached by agents from a real estate company,
PropNex Realty Pte Ltd (“PropNex”). The vendors claimed that one of the
agents, Richard Hau, told them that there was a buyer for their property as
well as the other units in the same block. After some discussion, the vendors
signed the Option to Purchase prepared by Richard Hau, granting an option to
sell the property for $1.5m. They accepted a deposit of $15,000. The date of
the option was then amended to 9 March 2012 when Forte exercised it and paid a
further $60,000, being four percent of the purchase price.

2 The vendors subsequently refused to complete the sale and Forte sued for
breach of contract and sought specific performance by way of Originating
Summons No 763 of 2012 (“OS 763”). Thereafter, the process became murky. The
vendors’ solicitors filed a counterclaim by way of Originating Summons No 860
of 2012 (“OS 860”). Counsel then applied for OS 860 to be consolidated with OS
763 and for both Originating Summonses to “proceed as if commenced by way of a
Writ of Summons”. The vendors also applied for leave to join Richard Hau and
PropNex as third parties. The vendors refuted Forte’s claim on the ground that
they had been induced by misrepresentations made by Richard Hau. It was
apparent that the question whether Richard Hau acted on his own behalf, on
behalf of PropNex, or also on behalf of Forte, would be an important issue if
there were indeed misrepresentations made by him which induced the vendors to
execute the Option to Purchase.

3 In the circumstances, it was clear that OS 763 ought to have been commenced
by writ. This was a claim for breach of contract, and unless there was clearly
no dispute of fact and the issues are few and clearly defined, the proper
course was to commence a writ action. There was no reason for Forte not to
have known what the defence would be. No lawyer would have commenced an action
without a letter before action stating his client’s claim and the basis for
that claim. The defendant’s lawyers would have responded setting out exactly
why the claim is disputed. In this case, it was obvious from the contents and
affidavits filed under OS 860 that the vendors claimed that they were induced
to grant the Option to Purchase because of Richard Hau’s misrepresentations.
Issues of law and facts would invariably be raised. Richard Hau and PropNex
were clearly relevant parties to the action. Why then did Forte commence this
action by Originating Summons?

4 Mr Pan, counsel for Forte, explained that his client was claiming specific
performance and that that was a remedy one may apply for by way of an
Originating Summons. Secondly, he said that the parties had been granted leave
to cross-examine some of the witnesses. Hence, there was no need to proceed
with a writ action. Thirdly, the vendors’ claim against Richard Hau and
PropNex are contingent upon the result of the litigation between Forte and the
vendors. I was unable to agree with these submissions.

5 A contract claim should generally be commenced by writ action unless the
parties agree that the facts are not in dispute and where the court is only
required to interpret a clause in a written contract, without oral evidence.
It is no justification to proceed by an Originating Summons because the claim
was for specific performance. Not only may the court not grant it, but the
claimant must also state the basis for his claim. There is a clear and
fundamental difference between an Originating Summons and a Statement of
Claim. Unfortunately, counsel did not seem to understand that when he
persisted in pressing for this matter to proceed by way of Originating
Summons. The Originating Summons is a court document setting out the remedy
sought by the plaintiff on the basis of the facts set out in the affidavit in
support. The Statement of Claim, on the other hand, must set out the facts
that establish a cause of action for the plaintiff. The defendant will refute
the plaintiff’s claim by stating the facts that he says will establish a
defence to the claim. That is the function of pleadings. If the rules of
pleadings are not followed, confusion would follow. The evidence-in-chief of
each party then goes towards proving those facts that they aver in the claim
and defence respectively. It is the writ system that enables the defendant to
join persons such as Richard Hau and PropNex as third parties. If the
plaintiff thinks that the defendant has no defence, he may apply for summary
judgment.

6 The fact that Richard Hau was called as a witness by Forte was no answer to
the vendors’ claim that Richard Hau ought to be made a third party. The
plaintiff might have thought that Richard Hau’s testimony would be totally in
its (Forte’s) favour, but that might change when Richard Hau and PropNex are
officially made third parties. Mr Pan’s submission that the vendors’ claim
against Richard Hau and PropNex are contingent upon the court’s decision in
the dispute between Forte and the vendors overlooked the importance of having
all connected issues and parties heard in the same proceedings by the same
judge.

7 Mr Liew explained that he had wanted to apply for Forte’s action in OS 763
to be converted into a writ action and to file his defence and counter-claim.
But when he appeared before the assistant registrar at a pre-trial conference,
he was apparently told by the assistant registrar that he could file his
defence and counter-claim by way of an Originating Summons. I was mildly
astonished by this but, in any event, Mr Liew must have realised how untenable
that route was, although he succumbed to it when he filed OS 860. He
subsequently filed an application to convert both Originating Summonses into
writ actions and for them to be consolidated, and for leave to issue third
party notices against Richard Hau and PropNex. However, that application was
heard by another assistant registrar who dismissed it. The vendors appealed by
way of Registrar’s Appeal No 416 of 2012. That appeal was fixed before me at
the same time as OS 763 and OS 860.

8 For the reasons above, I allowed the appeal and directed that OS 763 be
converted into a writ action and that Forte was to file its Statement of
Claim. I allowed the vendors’ application to join Richard Hau and PropNex as
third parties. I struck out OS 860 on the ground that the issues therein would
have merged in the writ action in the converted OS 763. There was no reason to
consolidate the two Originating Summonses when one writ action sufficed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

