Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others _v_ Koh Sin Chong Freddie  
[2012] SGHC 193

Case Number| :| Suit No 33 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chee Meng SC, Chang Man Phing and Yong Shu Hsien
(WongPartnership LLP) for the plaintiffs; R.S. Bajwa (Bajwa & Co) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others — Koh Sin Chong Freddie  
  
25 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This judgment is ancillary to the Court of Appeal’s decision on liability in
this case (_Chan Cheng Wah Bernard and others v Koh Sin Chong Freddie and
another appeal_ [2012] 1 SLR 506) (“the CA decision”) in which it decided that
the defendant was liable for defamatory statements made in respect of the
plaintiffs. The parties appeared before me for the assessment of the damages
payable to the plaintiffs as I was the first instance judge. At the conclusion
of the assessment, I awarded each of the plaintiffs the sum of $70,000 as
general damages and an additional $35,000 as aggravated damages. Both sides
have appealed.

Background

2 The full facts of the case can be found in the CA decision. I will only give
a brief summary here. Between May 2007 and May 2008, the plaintiffs were
members of the management committee (“the MC”) of the Singapore Swimming Club
(“the Club”). In the proceedings, the 2007/2008 MC on which the plaintiffs
served was referred to as “the previous MC” which was also the term also used
to describe it in the defamatory statements.

3 The defendant became the president of the Club and a member of the MC at an
election held in May 2008. He was re-elected as the president for a further
one year term in May 2009. During the defendant’s first term as the president,
the MC was investigating certain expenditure incurred during the term of the
previous MC and which was authorised by, _inter alia_ , the plaintiffs as
members of the previous MC.

4 During the MC meetings held on 29 October 2008 and 26 November 2008, the
treasurer of the Club reported on his investigations on what the Court of
Appeal referred to as “the NWS dispute”. In the course of the first meeting,
the defendant made certain remarks that were later reported in the minutes of
the meeting (these remarks were subsequently referred to as “the First
Statement”). At the later meeting, the defendant gave a summary of the
findings of the treasurer that was paraphrased in the minutes of the meeting,
part of which constituted the Second Statement. Both sets of minutes were
posted on the Club’s notice board in accordance with the Club’s usual
practice.

5 In January 2009, the plaintiffs sued the defendant on the basis that the
First and Second Statements were defamatory of them. At the trial of the
action, I found the Statements to be defamatory but that the defendant was
entitled to the defence of justification. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
agreed that the Statements were defamatory but disagreed that the defendant
had been able to prove justification. The Court of Appeal went on to find that
although the Statements had been made on an occasion of qualified privilege,
that defence which would otherwise have been available to the defendant was
defeated on account of malice. The Court of Appeal thus allowed the
plaintiffs’ appeal and gave judgment in their favour for damages to be
assessed and costs.

The plaintiffs’ submissions

6 The plaintiffs submitted that the net effect of the First and Second
Statements was that they were labelled as “dishonest” and “liars”. They cited
the finding of the Court of Appeal at [42] and [45] of the CA decision which
read as follows:

[42] In the result, we find that the meaning which the First and Second
Statements bear to a reasonably interested member of the Club, having regard
to the wider context, is the higher of the two meanings pleaded by the
Plaintiffs ... _ie_ , suggested dishonesty and misconduct on the part of the
plaintiff when they sought ratification of the expenditure at the AGM 2008.
...

[45] In the present case, the sting of the charge is essentially that the
Previous MC had deliberately misrepresented the circumstances relating to the
expenditure on the TWC Package with the aim of deceiving the Club members into
ratifying the expenditure.

7 They further submitted that the court could infer that the defamatory
statements had been widely published because:

(a) As the CA decision had observed at [26], an ordinary, reasonable and
reasonably interested Club member would have attended the Club’s annual
general meetings (“AGMs”) or acquainted himself with the issues to be decided
at the AGMs and would have been generally aware of the information it
disseminated on the Club’s notice boards, including minutes of MC meetings.

(b) Information about the NWS dispute was available from the 2008 AGM, the
minutes of MC meetings and the Splash magazine distributed to all club
members.

(c) The expenditure which formed the basis of the NWS dispute was widely
publicised and hotly debated within the Club for at least half a year from the
2008 AGM to the two MC meetings where the First and Second Statements were
made.

(d) The defendant included a motion connected to the NWS dispute in the agenda
for the February 2009 Extraordinary General Meeting (“EOGM”), although such a
request was against the Club rules.

(e) The defendant repeatedly attempted to formally censure the plaintiffs
after the members voted at the 2009 AGM not to ratify the expenditure and he
refused to nullify the censure motion although he was given legal advice that
it was void. Thereafter, he worked to have the same censure motion re-tabled
for the EOGM on 15 November 2009.

8 The plaintiffs submitted that all the aggravating factors set out in _Gatley
on Libel and Slander_ (Sweet and Maxwell, 9th Ed, 1998) at p 235, which was
cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin Aik
Victor JP_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 86 (“ _Arul Chandran_ ”) were present in this case
and justified an award of aggravated damages. The relevant passage at [55] of
the judgment reads:

[t]he conduct of the defendant which may often be regarded as aggravating the
injury to the plaintiff’s feelings so as to support a claim for ‘aggravated’
damages includes a failure to make any or any sufficient apology and
withdrawal, a repetition of the libel; conduct calculated to deter the
plaintiff from proceeding, persistence by way of a prolonged or hostile cross-
examination of the plaintiff ..., a plea of justification which is bound to
fail; the general conduct either of the preliminaries or of the trial itself
calculated to attract wide publicity; and persecution of the plaintiff by
other means.

9 In support of the above submission, the plaintiffs emphasised that:

(a) The Court of Appeal had found as a fact that the defendant’s conduct
before and after the First and Second Statements was motivated by personal
spite and malice against the plaintiffs.

(b) To date, there had been no apology by the defendant.

(c) The libel had been repeated in that the First and Second Statements were
republished in the Press Publication on Club’s Matters dated 8 February 2012.

(d) The defendant had taken certain steps to deter the plaintiffs from
proceeding with the suit against him.

(e) There was prolonged and hostile cross-examination of the plaintiffs during
the High Court hearing.

(f) The defendant’s actions in the Club throughout the course of the
proceedings made the issue of ratification of the expenditure a live issue for
many months after the publication of the libel and his repeated attempts to
censure the plaintiffs kept reminding members of their alleged deception.

(g) The defendant’s plea of justification failed and even he did not believe
that the First and Second Statements were made deliberately.

10 The plaintiffs emphasised that their position and standing had been injured
by the libel. They had all been active in the previous MC. The first
plaintiff, a former state swimmer, had been a member of the MC since 2004, had
been in various sub-committees and headed the previous MC as President during
the period from May 2007 to May 2008. The second plaintiff, a senior advocate
and solicitor, had been a member of the MC from 2003 and was the vice
president of the previous MC. The third plaintiff, a former banker, was
treasurer of the previous MC and the fourth plaintiff, a businessman, was a
member of the previous MC and chairman of the Facilities Sub-committee which
was involved in the NWS dispute.

11 Coming to the authorities, the plaintiffs’ position was that the damages
(general and aggravated) should be no less than the award of $150,000 in _Arul
Chandran_ which had been decided some 11 years earlier. They argued that the
damages in the present case should be commensurate with the award made in _Lim
Eng Hock Peter v Lin_ _Jian Wei and another and another appeal_ [2010] 4 SLR
357 (“ _Peter Lim_ ”) where the plaintiff, a prominent businessman, who was
defamed in an “Explanatory Statement” distributed to 17,000 members of a club,
was awarded $140,000 as general damages and $70,000 as aggravated damages. The
plaintiffs also cited _Ei-Nets Ltd and another v Yeo Nai Meng_ [2004] 1 SLR(R)
153 (“ _Ei-Nets_ ”) where the plaintiff was awarded $80,000 general damages in
respect of a libel which suggested he was guilty of fraud, gross misconduct
and had acted in breach of s 76 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).
The plaintiffs submitted that the award in their case for each of them should
be between $100,000 and $140,000 for general damages and at least $80,000 for
aggravated damages.

The defendant’s submissions

12 The defendant took issue with many of the plaintiffs’ submissions. First,
dealing with the sting of the defamation, counsel for the defendant pointed
out that the operative word in the First and Second Statements was
“misrepresentation” and not “dishonesty”. In the CA decision, it had been
acknowledged that the previous MC had at no time been accused of dishonesty or
wrongdoing. Further, it had not been alleged that the previous MC had in any
way received any illegal benefits. Counsel submitted that, therefore, the
sting of the libel statements had been reduced. Further, as the plaintiffs had
pointed out, the defendant had said on the stand that he was not aware of any
facts which would show that the misrepresentations made at the 2008 AGM were
deliberate. Additionally, whilst the Court of Appeal held that the defendant
had been unable to justify the “misrepresentation” overall, it also found that
there had been some minor misrepresentations made by the previous MC.

13 Moving on to the mode and extent of publication, counsel’s submission was
that this was limited. There was no dispute that publication was only by means
of posting on the Club’s notice board and this was the most passive form of
publication possible. The plaintiffs did not lead evidence on the length of
time the minutes remained posted on the board. The defendant’s position was
that the minutes were posted on the board for about two weeks because the
evidence showed that when a new set of MC minutes was posted, the old set was
taken down. In any case, the First and Second Statements were in the minutes
and someone would have to read all of the minutes in order to come to the
Statements. The danger of the Statements being reproduced was almost
negligible given the static nature of the publication. There was also no
evidence to suggest that the Club’s notice board was widely read.

14 Counsel further submitted that the number of members who actually took an
active approach and who would have read the minutes could be gauged by the
number who eventually voted when the issue was canvassed at the AGM. Only 307
members voted on the issue of appointing an Audit Committee to investigate the
facts behind the NWS dispute at the AGM. Counsel also suggested that this
issue only became a live one when the matter was discussed at the May 2008
AGM.

15 The defendant referred to the case of _Ng Koo Kay Benedict and another v
Zim Integrated Shipping Services Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 860 (“ _Ng Koo Kay_ ”)
where the court was concerned with the extent of publication of defamatory
statements via the internet. The plaintiff in that case had argued that the
press release complained of had been published on websites and was available
to any user of the internet. The plaintiff argued that the publication had a
far reaching and worldwide scope of exposure. The court had rejected that
argument, noting that there was no direct evidence of substantial publication.
Counsel submitted that in the present case, the minutes of meeting were posted
on the notice board as a matter of course and in accordance with the Club’s
usual practice. There was nothing extraordinary in the publication to attract
the attention of the members, the offending paragraphs were not stand alone
but part of a longer document and there was nothing that directed the mind of
the reader to those specific paragraphs.

16 Moving to the authorities, counsel submitted that _Peter Lim_ should be
distinguished on the basis that there was widespread publication in that case
unlike here. He relied on the case of _Lonzim Plc v Andrew Sprague_ [2009]
EWHC 2838 for the proposition that where there is minimal publication of the
alleged defamatory statements, there is no prospect of an award of damages
greater than a very modest sum.

17 Counsel also noted that it was pertinent that it was the plaintiffs’ case
that the Statements had damaged their standing in the eyes of their fellow
members. There was no evidence, or allegation for that matter, that their
standing in the eyes of persons who were not members of the Club had been
damaged.

18 The defendant relied on a series of cases in which the damages awarded were
much lower than those awarded in _Arul Chandran_ and _Peter Lim_. I will refer
here only to the ones that, in my opinion, were more relevant to the
circumstances before me. In _Ng Koo Kay_ , where the sting was more severe
because the allegations made were regarding criminal conduct and the
publication was by way of an online press release and an email to 1,776
recipients in the shipping industry, the plaintiff was awarded $25,000 in
general damages and $10,000 in aggravated damages. In _Segar Ashok v Koh Fonn
Lyn Veronica and another suit_ [2010] SGHC 168 (“ _Segar Ashok_ ”), where the
plaintiff, a doctor, had been called a “con artist” and a “fraud” in three
emails sent by the defendant to about 50 people in total, the plaintiff was
awarded $10,000 in general damages.

19 In _Tu_ _Dongning v Hua Yuan Association and Another Suit_ [2004] SGDC 127
(“ _Tu_ ’s case”), the sting of the libel was that the plaintiff was
incompetent, had been deceptive and had an intention to cheat. The libel was
published in a letter to a particular company and also in statements on the
website of the Hua Yuan Association. The defendant pleaded justification and
qualified privilege. Both failed. The judge found malice existed and that the
statements went beyond what was necessary to protect the interest of the
recipients of the statements. The plaintiff was awarded $25,000 by the
District Court on the basis that since he was not a professional, the sting of
incompetence was less, but this amount was sufficient to take into account the
added sting of cheating and the wider publication of this case as compared to
comparable cases that had been cited to the district judge.

20 The defendant submitted that the cases relied on by the plaintiffs could be
distinguished and that the authorities he had cited were more appropriate
guides to the quantum of damages in this case. In the defendant’s submissions,
the damages to be awarded should be a nominal amount and in any event should
not exceed $15,000 per plaintiff.

My decision

21 In _Peter Lim_ , the Court of Appeal laid down the guidelines to be
followed by an assessing court in determining the appropriate quantum of
general damages to be awarded in any given case of defamation. It stated that
the circumstances that were relevant and should be taken into account
included:

(a) The nature and gravity of the defamation;

(b) The conduct, position and standing of the plaintiff and the defendant;

(c) The mode and extent of publication;

(d) The natural indignation of the court at the injury caused to the
plaintiff;

(e) The conduct of the defendant from the time the defamatory statement is
published to the very moment of the verdict;

(f) The failure to apologise and retract the defamatory statement;

(g) The presence of malice; and

(h) The intended deterrent effect of the quantum awarded.

22 I considered these factors in coming to my decision on the quantum of
general damages. First, as far as the nature and gravity of the defamation was
concerned, I think it useful at this point to repeat the defamatory
statements. The First Statement reads:

President suggested that MC should correct the _misrepresentation of facts
made by the previous MC to influence the ratification of the expenditure at
the last AGM_.

[emphasis added]

The Second Statement reads:

From the foregoing, President summarized the Treasurer’s findings as follows:

· That the Club did not need a new water system to rectify the breakdown of
the then existing filtration system which led to the shutdown of the
competition pool.

· After the installation of the new water system it was found that the
filtration pumps needed to be replaced as the backwash water was still dirty.
When the filtration pumps were changed, they worked perfectly and the water
was clear.

· The Club had purchased the new water system without budget approval.

· Therefore it appeared that the justifiable emergency spending was to replace
the filtration pumps at $42K and that would rectify the pool water in the 2
pools and Jacuzzis. The new water system at $168K was a ‘nice to have’ feature
and the capital expenditure spent to install the system without budget
approval was unwarranted.

· _It could be a case of misrepresentation of facts to the AGM to get
ratification for a capital expenditure for a water system that could not be
justified under the urgent/emergency reason_. The new water system was only an
add-on system as the current filtration was still the same as before and there
was still a need to replace the pumps.

[emphasis added]

23 The Court of Appeal found that the two Statements suggested dishonesty and
misconduct on the part of the plaintiffs when they sought ratification of the
material expenditure at the 2008 AGM. Since the defamatory statements had been
found to impute dishonesty to the plaintiffs, they were grave statements and
the fact that the Court of Appeal also observed that there had been some minor
misrepresentations on the part of the previous MC, did not lessen the gravity
of the defamation, contrary to the defendant’s submission. I also recognised,
however, that the dishonesty was not imputed to the plaintiffs individually
but to the previous MC as a group and that the suggested dishonesty did not
relate to the taking of funds or any other criminal offence (which would be a
more serious level of dishonesty), but was connected with persuading members
to ratify expenditure which had been incurred on behalf of the Club rather
than for the benefit of the previous MC or any of its members. In this
respect, the sting of the defamation was less serious than that in _Ei-Nets_
(an allegation of conspiracy to misappropriate funds which amounted to an
allegation of dishonesty and fraud). The sting of the defamatory statements in
_Peter Lim_ was that the appellant had caused the club’s financial losses
through mismanagement for his own benefit. There too, the sting was more
serious as it imputed a direct financial benefit to the person who was
defamed. In _Arul Chandran_ , the defamatory statements not only accused the
plaintiff of dishonesty but also injured his professional reputation by
implying that he was a lawyer who had been sent to jail for fraudulent breach
of trust.

24 The next factor was the standing and position of the plaintiffs and the
defendant. The plaintiffs here did not ask to be differentiated on the basis
of their individual professions but asked the court to take into account their
position as members of the Club and their status there. In this respect, the
fact that they were members of the previous MC and three of them had been
holding leadership positions in the previous MC was highly relevant. It was
also relevant that at the time that the defendant made his defamatory remarks,
he was the president of the MC and was conducting an investigation into the
actions of the previous MC. The courts have drawn a distinction between
defamed persons who are in public life and those who are in private life for
the purposes of assessment of damages. In general, the quantum of damages
awarded to plaintiffs in the latter category is lower than that awarded to
plaintiffs in the former category. In the present case, the plaintiffs are not
public figures but the fact that they were defamed as members of the Club, to
other members of the Club, by a person holding a position of authority in the
Club, is an important fact which would tend to increase the quantum of damages
beyond the amounts awarded in cases like _Segar Ashok_ and _Tu’s_ case.

25 The third factor, which was one on which I placed some emphasis, was the
extent of publication. It was this factor that most distinguished the present
case from _Peter Lim_. In that case, the publication was to all 17,000 members
of the club. In this case, the difficulty was that it is impossible to know
exactly how many members of the Club saw the minutes. The form of publication
was passive in that the minutes were simply put up on the Club’s notice board
for interested members to read. No attention was drawn to them and, therefore,
generally only members who were interested in the Club’s affairs would have
spent time at the board leafing through the minutes. The length of time the
minutes were on the board was not established exactly but generally, minutes
posted on the board would be removed when the next set of minutes was ready.
Since MC meetings took place once a month, it is likely that the minutes did
not remain on the board for more than a month. In view of the ongoing NWS
dispute, it is possible as the plaintiffs argued, that quite a number of
members read the minutes but the plaintiffs were not able to give any
estimated number based on observation or records.

26 The defendant’s submission was that there was no evidence of wide-spread or
substantial publication and no evidence to suggest that the Club’s notice
board was widely read. However, as the plaintiffs had submitted, the NWS
dispute had been in existence for a number of months before the minutes were
produced and the issue was a live one. It is therefore probable that a number
of concerned members would have read the minutes to ascertain what the
defendant and his team were doing in respect of the NWS dispute. Those who
read the minutes of the October 2008 meeting which contained the First
Statement would likely have read the minutes of the November 2008 meeting
containing the Second Statement as well because they would have wanted to know
what findings the treasurer had arrived at in his investigation of the NWS
dispute. It is also likely that some of such persons would have attended the
February 2009 EOGM which involved the NWS dispute. There were some 300
attendees at this meeting and it is not improbable that as persons who had an
interest in the Club’s affairs generally and had a particular interest in the
NWS dispute, a number of them would have read the minutes. On the assumption
that some of those who attended the meeting would have read the minutes and
some of those persons may have informed others of the contents of the minutes
it is possible that the Statements were published to quite a number of people
but this does not translate to widespread dissemination. Bearing in mind that
it was the plaintiffs’ burden to prove the extent of publication, I found that
the plaintiffs were not able to satisfy me that there was more than a moderate
dissemination of the defamatory statements. Overall, the only conclusion I
could come to was that whilst publication was wider in this case than in _Arul
Chandran_ where it was limited to the committee of the club concerned, it was
definitely far below the 17,000 figure in _Peter Lim_.

27 The other factors in this case were the failure on the part of the
defendant to apologise, the presence of malice which had been noted by the
Court of Appeal, and the way that the trial was conducted which included
prolonged and somewhat aggressive cross-examination of the plaintiffs.

28 In relation to the authorities, I considered that the award given in _Peter
Lim_ had to be assessed in the light of the very substantial publication of
the libel whilst in the _Arul Chandran_ case, the determining factors were the
gravity of the libel and the way in which the defendant conducted the trial.
Also, as the plaintiffs themselves conceded, the plaintiff in _Peter Lim_ is a
much more prominent person than they are. I also considered the _Ei-Nets_
case. I noted that publication in that case was to a very few people but the
allegation was a graver one in that it imputed fraud. The award of $80,000 to
the plaintiff in _Ei-Nets_ was, further, noted by the Court of Appeal to be on
the high side though they did not interfere with the trial judge’s decision.

29 I also considered the authorities cited by the defendant. In _Ng Koo Kay_ ,
the award for general damages was $25,000 for each of the two plaintiffs which
seemed rather low in view of the fact that the sting of the defamation was
that the plaintiffs had bribed a third party in order to corruptly gain
favours from him. The court, however, was strongly influenced by the
plaintiffs’ inability to prove wide dissemination of the defamatory
statements. The defendant also relied on _Segar Ashok_ where the sting of the
defamation was that the plaintiff was dishonest, a con artist, a cheat, and
that he had committed forgery. Despite the seriousness of the charge, the
damages awarded were only $10,000 partly because of the acrimonious
relationship between the parties and the provocative behaviour of the
plaintiff which was causally connected to the libel sued upon. It was noted
that the libel did not impinge on the plaintiff’s professional capabilities.
In the present case, whilst the libel suit attracted much interest, there was
no positive proof of adverse impact on the plaintiffs’ reputations generally.
Nor was the libel aimed at their professional reputations. However, the
publication was wider and the plaintiffs’ behaviour had not been provocative
nor aimed at the defendant in any way. This distinguished the present case
from _Segar Ashok_.

30 As far as aggravated damages were concerned, this was a case in which
aggravated damages had to be awarded because of the findings of the Court of
Appeal in relation to the conduct of the defendant in seeking to injure the
reputations of the plaintiffs (at [96] of the CA decision). There was no
apology and there was prolonged cross-examination of the plaintiffs as was
previously noted. The defendant had made some attempt to deter the plaintiffs
from proceeding with the proceedings. However, to an extent, it could not be
said that the defendant’s plea of justification was bound to fail since it
succeeded in the first instance. Therefore, I did not consider that last
factor as aggravating the damages. Also I did not place emphasis on the
republication since this took place in February 2012, long after the Court of
Appeal’s judgment had vindicated the plaintiffs and found the defendant to be
malicious. Thus, such republication could not have damaged the plaintiffs’
reputations.

31 When I considered the circumstances overall, I concluded that $70,000 per
plaintiff as general damages and $35,000 per plaintiff as aggravated damages
were the correct awards. The most relevant authorities were _Peter Lim_ and
_Arul Chandran_ but the awards here could not be in the same quantum as those
cases because of the differentiating factors that I have mentioned previously,
in particular the extent of the publication, the fact that no attack was made
on the plaintiffs’ professional reputations and that the Statements referred
to the MC as a whole and did not ascribe blame to individuals.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

