Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AstraZeneca AB (SE) _v_ Sanofi-Aventis Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 16

Case Number| :| Suit No 416 of 2011 (Summons 5001/2011/M)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Wei Sern Paul AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Ai Ming, Alvin Lim and Sandeep Menon (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Vignesh Vaerhn, Eunice Lim and Tan Lijun
(Allen & Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AstraZeneca AB (SE) — Sanofi-Aventis Singapore Pte Ltd  
  
19 January 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Wei Sern Paul AR:

1 By Summons 5001 of 2011 (“SUM 5001”), the defendant seeks to strike out the
plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 1) and prays for the plaintiff’s
claim in this action to be wholly dismissed. At the heart of this matter lies
the import of section 12A of the Medicines Act (Cap 176, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“Medicines Act”), a provision enacted in 2004 to enable Singapore to fulfil
part of its obligations arising from the United States-Singapore Free Trade
Agreement.

Background

2 Both the plaintiff and the defendant are companies which engage in the
research, development, manufacture and commercialisation of healthcare
products, including medicines. The former is incorporated in Sweden, the
latter Singapore. The plaintiff is also the owner of Singapore Patent No.
89993 (“the Patent”). The full title of the invention for which the Patent was
granted is “Pharmaceutical Compositions Comprising a HMG COA Reductase
Inhibitor”. Claim 5 of the specification of the Patent states the essence of
the invention in the following terms:

5\. [The plaintiff] present as a feature of the invention

(1) A pharmaceutical composition comprising the Agent [chemically defined
earlier in the specification but which we may for present purposes simply term
as Rosuvastatin Calcium] as an active ingredient and an inorganic salt in
which the cation is multivalent.

(2) The use of an inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent as a
stabilising agent in a pharmaceutical composition comprising the Agent.

In other words, the invention is composed of two elements, an active
ingredient (Rosuvastatin Calcium) and a stabiliser. Significantly for this
application, the stabiliser consists specifically of “an inorganic salt in
which the cation is multivalent”.

3 On 1 April 2011, the defendant submitted its applications to the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for product licences in respect of the following
products:

(a) Rosucard Film-coated Tablet 10 mg;

(b) Rosucard Film-coated Tablet 20 mg; and

(c) Rosucard Film-coated Tablet 40 mg.

For ease of reference, these shall henceforth be called the “Proposed
Products”. According to section 5 of the Medicines Act, a product licence is
required to: (a) sell, supply or export any medicinal product; (b) procure the
sale, supply or exportation of any medicinal product; or (c) procure the
manufacture or assembly of any medicinal product for sale, supply or
exportation.

4 In its application forms, the defendant openly declared that these were
applications where:

(a) a patent was in force in respect of the Proposed Products;

(b) the defendant was not the proprietor of the patent;

(c) the proprietor had not consented to nor acquiesced in the grant of the
product licences; and

(d) in the opinion and to the best belief of the defendant, the patent would
not be infringed by the doing of the act for which the licences were sought.

The defendant further elaborated that the proprietor of the patent was the
plaintiff and that the relevant patent was indeed Singapore Patent No. 89993.

5 By way of a letter, the HSA subsequently requested the defendant to serve a
notice to the plaintiff using a form set out in the Sixth Schedule to the
Medicines (Licensing, Standard Provisions and Fees) Regulations (Cap 176, S
74, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Regulations”). This the defendant did in a notice dated
19 April 2011 (“the Notice”). In the Notice, the defendant informed the
defendant that applications for product licences have been made to the HSA in
respect of the Proposed Products and further stated that:

2\. In [the defendant’s] opinion and to the best of [its] belief, the [Patent]
will not be infringed by the doing of the act for which the licence is sought.
The basis of [its] opinion is: [the defendant’s] proposed composition does not
comprise an “inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent” as set out in
the patent claims.

3\. Unless an application is made, within 45 days from the date of this Notice
is served on you, for a court order restraining the act for which the licence
is applied for or a declaration by a court of the Registrar of Patents that
the [Patent] will be infringed by the doing of that act, the HSA may proceed
to grant the licence.

Pursuant to Section 12A(5) of the Medicines Act read with regulation 5B(3) of
the Regulations, the effect of the plaintiff making the application as stated
in paragraph 3 of the Notice within the 45-day period would be that a 30-month
stay on the processing of the product licence applications would be enforced
by the HSA.

6 On 10 June 2011, the plaintiff filed its original Statement of Claim, the
practical effect of which was to set in place the 30-month moratorium. There
was some dispute over whether the action was commenced within the 45-day
period but it appeared that the HSA has accepted that it was and this point
was not material in the present application. The Statement of Claim was
subsequently amended. In its final form, the plaintiff prays, _inter alia_ ,
for:

a) a declaration that the defendant’s performance of the following acts in
Singapore will infringe the Patent:

i. disposal of the defendant’s Products;

ii. offer to dispose of the defendant’s Products;

iii. using the defendant’s Products;

iv. importing the defendant’s Products;

v. keeping whether for disposal or otherwise of the defendant’s Products.

b) an injunction to restrain the defendant whether acting by its directors,
officers, employees, servants or agents, or any of them or otherwise howsoever
from infringing Singapore Patent No. SG89993.

The only basis for these prayers appears to be the allegation that the stated
acts “will infringe claims 1 to 27 of the Singapore Patent No. SG89993 if
carried out by the Defendant in Singapore”. No Particulars of Infringement was
filed for the plaintiff did not think it necessary for an action of this kind.

7 The defendant thereafter sought further particulars of the plaintiff’s
Statement of Claim. This request was considered to be wholly misconceived by
the plaintiff and was for that reason rejected. On 4 November 2011, the
defendant then filed SUM 5001 pursuant to O. 18, r. 19 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) to, as stated earlier, strike out the
action. The defendant’s application is supported by a lengthy affidavit but
the plaintiff chose not to file an affidavit in response.

The parties’ cases

The defendant’s case

8 Initially, the defendant proceeded on the assumption that the plaintiff is
taking out a patent infringement action pursuant to sections 66 and 67 of the
Patents Act (Cap 221, 2005 Rev Ed) (“the Patents Act”). In order to rely upon
these sections for an action of patent infringement, the defendant argued that
the patentee is required to provide at least one instance of a past
infringement. Without a history of infringement, any action pursuant to
section 67 is doomed to failure. In the present action, it is common ground
between the parties that _the defendant has not yet committed any act which
could be said to amount to an infringement of the Patent._ The only act which
the defendant could be said to have performed in respect of the Proposed
Products in Singapore was to apply for product licences. This in itself was
not an infringing act on the authority of _The Upjohn Company v T. Kerfoot &
Co. Ltd._[1988] FSR 1 (“ _Upjohn v Kerfoot_ ”). For this reason alone, it was
submitted that the plaintiff’s claim should be dismissed.

9 It was also suggested that the purpose of the plaintiff’s action is merely
to institute the 30-month stay on the processing of the product licence
applications for the Proposed Products. Alternatively, the defendant also
opined that the plaintiff is attempting to obtain confidential information
regarding the Proposed Products for the plaintiff’s own purposes. The
plaintiff’s action is, in short, not a _bona fide_ action.

10 During the hearing, the court was informed by the plaintiff that it is not
taking out a patent infringement action pursuant to the Patents Act. Rather,
the plaintiff is relying upon the section 12A of the Medicines Act for its
cause of action. To this argument, the defendant submitted that section 12A of
the Medicines Act did not provide for a cause of action separate and
independent from a patent infringement action under the Patents Act. The
defendant opined that the provision in the Medicines Act merely provides for a
notification mechanism whereby a patentee would be informed of any application
for a product licence which related to its patent. However, any action to be
taken out should still be made pursuant to the Patents Act. The defendant
pointed out that unlike section 67 of the Patents Act, the Medicines Act did
not specifically give a patentee the right to commence civil proceedings.

11 In any case, the defendant also argued that even if section 12A of the
Medicines Act contemplated an action separate and independent from a patent
infringement action under the Patents Act, a mere disbelief of the defendant’s
explanation for non-infringement of the plaintiff’s patent is insufficient to
sustain an action.

The plaintiff’s case

12 Before the court, it was clarified on behalf of the plaintiff that the
plaintiff is not taking out a patent infringement action under the Patents
Act. In fact, it was conceded that the plaintiff has no evidence that the
defendant had committed an act of infringement. Such evidence, it was agreed,
is necessary to sustain a patent infringement action. Instead, the plaintiff
explained that the plaintiff’s action is based on section 12A of the Medicines
Act which, in his view, provides a separate and independent cause of action.
According to the plaintiff, section 12A of the Medicines Act entitles the
plaintiff to test the possibility of _future_ infringement of the Patent on
the assumption that the defendant will carry out the acts for which the
product licences were sought. It is, therefore, pre-emptive in nature.

13 Although it was not explicitly stated on affidavit, it soon became clear
that the only reason why the action was commenced is because the plaintiff did
not believe that the defendant’s composition did not contain a stabiliser
which comprised “an inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent”. The
plaintiff pointed out that the Proposed Products shares the same active
ingredient with the invention for which the Patent was granted, namely
Rosuvastatin Calcium. Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that, to the best of
the plaintiff’s knowledge, it is impossible to use Rosuvastin Calcium without
utilising a stabiliser which comprised an inorganic salt in which the cation
was multivalent. Unfortunately, no affidavit was filed to aver to that effect.
It was argued that the section 12A of the Medicines Act entitles the plaintiff
to test the defendant’s claim by having the defendant reveal the exact
composition of the Proposed Products in discovery. For this reason, it was
argued that the action should not be prematurely terminated.

The court’s decision

14 The defendant’s application is made on the basis that the Statement of
Claim (Amendment No. 1):

(a) discloses no reasonable cause of action;

(b) is frivolous or vexatious; and/or

(c) is otherwise an abuse of the process of the court.

15 The law regarding striking out of pleadings is not disputed. I need only be
brief. The standard which must be satisfied before pleadings can be struck out
was set out in the Court of Appeal case of _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as
a firm) v Wee Chong Jin and oths_, [1997] SLR(R) 649, which reads, _inter
alia_ :

18 In general, it is only in plain and obvious cases that the power of
striking out should be invoked. This was the view taken by Lindley MR in
_Hubbuck & Sons v Wilkinson, Heywood and Clark_ [1899] 1 QB 86 at p 91. It
should not be exercised by a minute and protracted examination of the
documents and facts of the case in order to see if the plaintiff really has a
case of action. The practice of the courts has been that, where an application
for striking out involves a lengthy and serious argument, the court should
decline to proceed with the argument unless, not only does it have doubts as
to the soundness of the pleading, but in addition, it is satisfied that
striking out will obviate the necessity for a trial or reduce the burden of
preparing for a trial.

In _Tan Eng Khiam v Ultra Realty Pte Ltd_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 844, G P Selvam JC
explained the court’s reluctance to summarily strike out a claim (at [31]) as
follows:

…This is anchored on the judicial policy to afford a litigant the right to
institute a bona fide claim before the courts and to prosecute it in the usual
way. _Whenever possible the courts will let the plaintiff proceed with the
action unless his case is wholly and clearly unarguable…_ [Emphasis added.]

16 In order to determine if the plaintiff’s action discloses no reasonable
cause of action, it is necessary to consider the following two issues:

(a) Whether section 12A of the Medicines Act contemplates a cause of action
separate and independent from a patent infringement action under the Patents
Act.

(b) If the first issue is answered in the affirmative, whether the cause of
action contemplated in section 12A of the Medicines allows for a patentee to
maintain an action solely on the basis that it does not believe the reason for
non-infringement proffered by the defendant.

I will deal with those issues first before turning to the question of whether
the plaintiff’s action is frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of the process of
the court.

Whether section 12A of the Medicines Act contemplates a cause of action
separate and independent from a patent infringement action under the Patents
Act

17 This is a critical issue as the defendant’s submissions revolved around the
premise that section 12A of the Medicines Act is merely didactic in nature and
does not provide for an independent cause of action. To the defendant, the
section 12A of the Medicine Act merely allows for a patentee to be notified
when an application for a product licence is filed, the subject matter of
which is “in respect of” his patent: see sub-sections 12A(2) and (3) of the
Medicines Act. Should a patentee wish, thereafter, to commence an action for
patent infringement, he must do so, so the defendant submitted, pursuant to
the Patents Act. As a result, it is necessary for the plaintiff to plead at
least one instance of past infringement in order for his statement of claim to
disclose a reasonable cause of action. The plaintiff, as stated earlier, takes
the view that the section 12A of the Medicines Act contemplates a cause of
action separate and independent from a patent infringement action under the
Patents Act.

18 To discern whose view is correct, it is necessary to appreciate the nature
of the relevant provisions.

A patent infringement action under the Patents Act

19 In order for a patentee to succeed in a patent infringement action pursuant
to the Patents Act, two essential features must be made out. One of these
would be the fact that the alleged infringing product falls squarely within
the claim of the patent. To ascertain if this feature has been made out, a
two-step process is involved. As Lord Upjohn explained in _Rodi & Wienenberger
AG v Henry Showell Ltd_ [1969] RPC 367 (“ _Rodi_ ”) (at p. 391):

…the court must ascertain what the essential integers of the claim, this
remains a question of construction and no general principles can be laid
down…Secondly, the essential integers having being ascertained, the infringing
article must be considered. To constitute infringement the article must take
each and every one of the essential integers of the claim. Non-essential
integers may be omitted or replaced by mechanical equivalent; there will still
be infringement. I believe this states the whole substance of the ‘pith and
marrow’ theory of infringement.

In short, the alleged infringing product must contain the pith and marrow of
the claim of the patent.

20 Further, and equally importantly, the patentee must also prove that the
infringer has committed – and not merely will commit – an act of infringement
as defined in section 66 of the Patents Act. Where the invention is a product
(as it is in the present case), section 66 sets out as follows:

**66.** -(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, a person infringes a
patent for an invention if, but only if, while the patent is in force, he does
any of the following things in Singapore in relation to the invention without
the consent of the proprietor of the patent:

(a) where the invention is a product, he makes, disposes of, offers to dispose
of, uses or imports the product or keeps it whether for disposal or otherwise;

…

There appears to be no provision of an action for _prospective_ infringement –
notably the word “infringes”, not the phrase “will infringe”, is used.

21 The fact that the there must have been a past act of infringement before a
relief for patent infringement will be granted may also be discerned from
section 67 of the Patents Act which provides for the available reliefs:

**67.** -(1) Subject to this Part, civil proceedings may be brought in the
court by the proprietor of a patent in respect of any act alleged to infringe
the patent and (without prejudice to any other jurisdiction of the court) in
those proceedings a claim may be made –

(a) for an injunction restraining the defendant from any _apprehended_ act of
infringement;

(b) for an order for him to deliver up or destroy any patented product in
relation to which the patent _is infringed_ or any article in which that
product is inextricably comprised or any material and implement the
predominant use of which has been in the creation of the infringing product;

(c) _for damages in respect of the infringement_ ;

(d) _for an account of the profits derived by him from the infringement_ ; and

(e) for a declaration that the patent is valid and _has been infringed_ by
him.

[Emphasis added.]

To my mind, the words in italics suggest that all of the reliefs that avails a
patentee for a patent infringement are only available when there has been a
past instance of infringement.

22 This understanding of a patent infringement action under the Patents Act is
further fortified by O. 87A, r. 2(2) of the Rules. That provision mandates
that:

[t]he plaintiff in such [a patent infringement] action must serve with his
statement of claim particulars of the infringement relied on, showing which of
the claims in the specification of the patent are alleged to be infringed and
**giving at least one instance of each type of infringement alleged**.
[Emphasis added.]

23 In light of the above, it cannot be gainsaid that a patent infringement
action brought pursuant to section 67 of the Patents Act requires the
satisfaction of two equally fundamental requirements:

(a) the alleged infringing product must fall squarely within the claim of the
patent; and

(b) there must have been a past act of infringement as defined in section 66
of the Patents Act.

For ease for future reference, I shall refer to the former as the “theoretical
infringement” requirement and the latter as the “practical infringement”
requirement.

Section 12A of the Medicines Act

24 In my view, section 12A of the Medicines Act contains at least three key
features.

25 First of all, a declaratory regime is established. By section 12A(2) of the
Medicines Act, an applicant for a product licence must declare whether “a
patent under the Patents Act is in force in respect of any medicinal product
to which the application relates”. If the applicant so declares that there
exists such a patent, he must also declare whether he is the proprietor of the
patent and, if not, who the proprietor is. Significantly, if the applicant is
not the proprietor, the applicant must go on to make either one of two
possible declarations:

(a) the proprietor has consented to or has acquiesced in the grant of the
licence to the applicant; or

(b) in the applicant’s opinion and to the best of his belief, the patent is
invalid or will not be infringed by the doing of the act for which the licence
is sought.

26 The making of the declaration is a serious matter. This is underscored by
the fact that a false declaration is a criminal offence pursuant to section 20
of the Medicines Act and any person guilty of making a false declaration is
liable, upon conviction, to a fine not exceeding $5000 or to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.

27 In addition to a declaratory regime, section 12A(3) of the Medicines Act
also sets out a notification procedure. If the HSA deems it appropriate, the
HSA may require the applicant, as it did in the defendant’s case, to serve a
notice on the proprietor of the patent in a prescribed form and furnish
evidence of the service to the HSA. The prescribed form is one found in the
Sixth Schedule to the Regulations and states, _inter alia_ , that:

Unless an application is made, within 45 days from the date of this Notice is
served on you, for a court order restraining the act for which the licence is
applied for or a declaration by a court or the Registrar of Patents that –

(a) the patent is valid; or

(b) the patent will be infringed by the doing of [the act for which the
licence is sought],

the HSA may proceed to grant the licence.

By way of the declaratory and notification regimes, the registered patents are
“linked” to relevant products for which applications for product licences have
been sought.

28 It is notable that the notification regime hints at a legal action – it
refers to “an application for a court order... that the patent is valid or the
patent will be infringed by the doing of [the act for which the licence is
sought]”. This is the action that the plaintiff seeks to take out. The
question to answer is whether the legislative regime refers to an existing
cause of action or sets out a new, independent cause of action.

29 Finally, section 12A of the Medicines Act delineates two circumstances,
amongst others stated in the Medicines Act, under which the HSA may grant a
product licence: see subsections 12A(5) and (6) of the Medicines Act. These
are as follows:

(a) The proprietor of the patent has not, within 45 days from the date of the
notice served on him by the applicant, instituted an application for a
restraining order or a declaration as stated in the notice _and_ informed the
HSA, by way of written notice, that such an application has been made.

(b) The proprietor of the patent has made the application referred to in the
notice but no such order or declaration has been obtained within 30 months of
the making of the application.

Thus, the outcome of the legal action contemplated in section 12A(3) of the
Medicines Act, read with section 5B and the Sixth Schedule of the Regulations,
materially affects the ability of the applicant to obtain a product licence
after the 30-month moratorium.

Compatibility of section 12A of the Medicines Act and a patent infringement
action under the Patents Act

30 From the foregoing analysis of the relevant provisions in the Patents
Medicines Acts, it is my view that section 12A of the Medicines Act does not
envisage the taking out of a patent infringement action under the Patents Act.
The incompatibility of the two is clear. Section 12A of the Medicines Act,
read with section 5B and the Sixth Schedule of the Regulations, contemplates
the taking out of an action for _prospective_ infringement - “the patent will
be infringed”. However, a patent infringement action under the Patents Act is
the converse. As explained earlier, it is a fundamental feature of a patent
infringement action under the Patents Act that there be a _past_ act of
infringement. A future possibility of practical infringement alone is
insufficient to sustain a patent infringement action. Without the satisfaction
of the _practical_ infringement requirement of a patent infringement action,
not only is any relief unavailable, the entire action is wholly unsustainable
under section 67 of the Patents Act.

31 What the two actions do have in common is the fact that both appear to
require the satisfaction of the _theoretical_ infringement requirement. In
other words, both require the determination of whether the relevant product
(the alleged infringing product in the case of a patent infringement action
under the Patents Act and the product for which the product licence is sought
in the case of section 12A of the Medicines Act) falls squarely within the
claim of the patent. In a patent infringement action, this is well-
established: see for instance _First Currency Choice Pte Ltd v Main-Line
Corporate Holdings Ltd and another appeal_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 335 and _Contour
Optik Inc v Pearl’s Optical Co Pte Ltd_ [2002] SGHC 238. Where section 12A of
the Medicines Act is concerned, this may be inferred. The provision operates
on the assumption that the practical infringing act will be committed. Thus,
in order to determine whether “the patent will be infringed”, all that is left
to do is to assess the theoretical aspect of the infringement. In fact, from
my reading of section 12A of the Medicines Act, this appears to be the whole
substance of an action under that provision.

32 The defendant suggested that there is no direct reference to the creation
of an independent cause of action of action in section 12A of the Medicines
Act. This is unlike the Patents Act where section 67 clearly reads that
“...civil proceedings may be brought in court by the proprietor of a patent in
respect of any act alleged to infringe the patent...” I believe this sentiment
to be overstated. In the first place, section 12A of the Medicines Act does
not, by any stretch of the imagination, refer to a patent infringement action
under the Patents Act either. Hence, the defendant’s main argument that the
plaintiff should take out a patent infringement action is equally untenable on
this count. More importantly, I take the view that the relevant legislative
provisions (section 12A of the Medicines Act, section 5B of the Regulations
and the Sixth Schedule of the Regulations) reflect Parliament’s intention to
allow a patentee to take out an action pursuant to those provisions fairly
clearly. Section 12A(3) of the Medicines Act allows the HSA to require an
applicant for a product licence to serve a notice in a prescribed form to the
patentee. The form is set out in the Sixth Schedule of the Regulations and
informs the patentee that the HSA may grant the licence to the applicant
unless the patentee applies “for a court order restraining the act for which
the licence is applied for or a declaration by a court or the Registrar of
patents that...the patent will be infringed by the doing of that act.” Reading
the provisions holistically, it is, in my view, apparent that the legislature
intended for an independent cause of action to be provided pursuant to those
provisions.

33 Another way to arrive at the same conclusion is by considering the
alternative. If section 12A of the Medicines Act does, in spite of the lack of
any wording to that effect, refer a patentee to take out a patent infringement
action under the Patents Act, it would be almost impossible for a patentee to
obtain a “declaration...that the Patent will be infringed” as contemplated by
the provision. This is because it would be almost impossible for a patentee to
satisfy the practical requirement of a past infringing act demanded by a
patent infringement action in a situation where all the applicant for a
produce licence has done is to apply for a product licence. As pointed out by
the defendant himself, the case of _Upjohn v Kerfoot_ is authority for the
proposition that the act of applying for a product licence is not in itself an
infringing act. Further, section 66(2)(h) of the Patents Act provides a
blanket defence for any preparatory act performed to support that application.
The only way, in such a situation, for the patentee to obtain the declaration
contemplated by section 12A of the Medicines Act, read with section 5B and the
Sixth Schedule of the Regulations, is if the applicant has committed an
infringing act, as defined under section 66 of the Patents Act, which is not
protected by any statutory or common law defence. However, if that were the
case, there would be no need to sue for a “declaration... that the Patent will
be infringed” as provided for in section 12A of the Medicines Act. The
patentee may simply take out a patent infringement action under the Patents
Act. Since this interpretation of section 12A of the Medicines Act (and its
accompanying subsidiary legislation) makes a part of the legislation
redundant, it is unlikely that this would have been the interpretation
intended by Parliament.

34 To be complete, it appears, in my view, that an action for “a
declaration...that...the patent will be infringed” under section 12A of the
Medicines Act is incompatible with _any_ action provided for in the Patents
Act, not just a patent infringement action. For instance, section 78 of the
Patents Act provides an avenue for the applicant of a product licence to seek
a declaration of non-infringement in respect of future hypothetical events but
a patentee does not appear to have the converse right.

35 I therefore agree with counsel for the plaintiff in this respect: section
12A of the Medicines Act, read with its accompanying subsidiary legislation,
contemplates a cause of action separate and independent from a patent
infringement action under the Patents Act. At the very least, it cannot be
said that the plaintiff’s case is wholly and clearly unarguable and should be
struck out on this point alone.

Inherent jurisdiction

36 In addition, it appears that the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment
No. 1) may be able sustain an action for a declaration of future infringement
under the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

37 Generally, it is established law that the High Court has the power to make
binding declarations of right whether or not any consequential relief is or
could be claimed: see _Tan Ah Thee and another (administrators of the estate
of Tan Kiam_ _Poh (alias Tan Gna Chua), deceased) v Lim Soo_ _Foong_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 957 (“ _Tan Ah Thee_ ”). This power is provided for in section 18, read
together with the First Schedule, of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap
322, 2007 Rev Ed), which reads:

**Powers of the High Court**

**18.** -(1) The High Court shall have such powers as are vested in it by any
written law for the time being in force in Singapore.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have the powers set out in the First Schedule.

**FIRST SCHEDULE**

**ADDITIONAL POWERS OF THE HIGH COURT**

**Reliefs and remedies**

**14.** Power to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and in equity,
including damages in addition to, or in substitution for, an injunction or
specific performance.

However, that the court possesses such a power does not mean that it should be
exercised in every instance. Rather, the power is to be exercised within the
boundaries outlined in _Salijah_ _bte_ _Ab_ _Latef v Mohd_ _Irwan bin Abdullah
Teo_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 233 (at [16]):

Firstly, the jurisdiction of the court to make a declaration of right is
confined to declaring contested legal rights, **_subsisting or future_** , of
the parties represented in the litigation. Secondly, the remedy being a
discretionary one, it will not be granted to a plaintiff if it would not give
him ‘relief’ in any real sense, _ie_ relieve him from any liability of
disadvantage or difficulty. Thirdly, the power to make a declaratory judgment
is confined to matters which are justiciable in the High Court. Finally, it
has been held that there is nothing in O 15 r 16 which enables the court to
make a declaration in a matter in which its jurisdiction is excluded by a
statute which gives exclusive jurisdiction to another tribunal. [Emphasis
added.]

38 To the best of my understanding, this general position of law fairly
reflects that of patent law as well. With regard to patent law, it is
established that the court has the inherent jurisdiction to grant declarations
of infringement or non-infringement that pertains to prospective events. The
caveat is that the prospective events cannot be purely hypothetical; instead,
there must be a “real commercial interest” in obtaining the declaration: see
_Nokia Corp v Interdigital Technology Corp_ [2007] FSR 23 (“ _Nokia_ ”).

39 There was, in antiquity, some suggestion that it is a requirement before a
declaration of right is granted for the defendant to have asserted a claim of
right: see _Re Clay, Clay v Booth_ [1919] 1 Ch 66 (“ _Re Clay_ ”). However,
the law has since moved on and the modern position was eloquently set out by
Lord Diplock in _Gouriet v Union of Post Office Workers_ [1978] AC 435 (at p.
501):

The power to grant a declaration is discretionary; it is a useful power and
over the course of the last hundred years it has become more and more
extensively used—often as an alternative to the procedure by way of certiorari
in cases where it is claimed that a decision of an administrative authority
which purports to affect rights available to the plaintiff in private law is
ultra vires and void. Nothing that I have to say is intended to discourage the
exercise of judicial discretion in favour of making declarations of right in
cases where the jurisdiction to do so exists. But that there are limits to the
jurisdiction is inherent in the nature of the relief: a declaration of rights.

The only kinds of rights with which courts of justice are concerned are legal
rights; and a court of civil jurisdiction is concerned with legal rights only
when the aid of the court is invoked by one party claiming a right against
another party, to protect or enforce the right or to provide a remedy against
that other party for infringement of it, or is invoked by either party to
settle a dispute between them as to the existence or nature of the right
claimed. **So for the court to have jurisdiction to declare any legal right it
must be one which is claimed by one of the parties as enforceable against an
adverse party to the litigation, either as a subsisting right or as one which
may come into existence in the future conditionally on the happening of an
event.**

The early controversies as to whether a party applying for declaratory relief
must have a subsisting cause of action or a right to some other relief as well
can now be forgotten. It is clearly established that he need not. Relief in
the form of a declaration of right is generally superfluous to a plaintiff who
has a subsisting cause of action. **It is when an infringement of the
plaintiff's rights in the future is threatened or when, unaccompanied by
threats, there is a dispute between parties as to what their respective rights
will be if something happens in the future, that the jurisdiction to make
declarations of right can be most usefully invoked.****But the jurisdiction of
the court is not to declare the law generally or to give advisory opinions; it
is confined to declaring contested legal rights. subsisting or future, of the
parties represented in the litigation before it and not those of anyone
else.**

[Emphasis added.]

40 In this regard, mention must be made of _Wyko Group Plc v Cooper Roller
Bearings Co Ltd_ , [1996] FSR 126 (“ _Wyko_ ”). In _Wyko_ , the court adopted
three guidelines first laid down by Lord Dunedin in _Russian Commerical and
Industrial Bank v British Bank for Foreign Trade_ , [1921] 2 AC 438 (at 448)
in its determination of whether to grant a declaration of non-liability as
follows:

The question must be a real and not a theoretical question; the person raising
it must have a real interest to raise it; he must be able to secure a proper
contradictor, that is to say, someone presently existing who has a true
interest to oppose the declaration sought.

The first and third of these guidelines were held not to be satisfied in
_Wyko_ , a copyright case. In particular, the claim was founded on
hypothetical circumstances rather than an existing set of facts. Further, it
was held that the defendant had no true interest in opposing the declaration
and that he had merely taken part in a theoretical debate (in the inter-
solicitor correspondence).

41 _Nokia_ is an example of a case in which it was found that the plaintiff
had a “real commercial reason” for seeking a declaration of non-infringement
even though the patentee-defendant did not make a claim against the plaintiff.
In that case, the plaintiff, Nokia Corporation, sought declarations that
thirty patents owned by the patentee-defendant, Interdigital Techonology
Corporation, were not required to comply with the internationally agreed 3G
standard for mobile phones. At first instance, the court refused the
defendant’s application to set aside the proceedings on the ground that the
court had no jurisdiction. This decision was upheld on appeal. Jacob L.J.
explained (at [19]):

... Nokia have a manifest and real commercial interest in a decision of the
kind sought. They are “technically infringing” if they are wrong...

42 The case recent of _Nokia Oyj v IPCOm GmbH & Co KG_ [2010] EWHC 3249
appeared to have muddied the waters slightly by seemingly suggesting that the
court’s inherent jurisdiction to grant declarations does not include the power
to grant declarations about future events. However, I do not believe that that
is a proper understanding of the case. It is paramount that, when
distinguishing between a declaration sought under section 71 of the UK Patents
Act and one under the court’s inherent jurisdiction, Mr Justice Lewison had
this to say (at [6]):

There are at least three features of section 71 which distinguish it from the
court’s inherent jurisdiction to grant declarations. First, section 71 enables
the court to grant declarations about **future hypothetical** events. The
ability to make declarations is triggered merely by a proposal to do
something. That proposal need not even have got as far as a settled intention.
[Emphasis added.]

That the court will not grant declarations pertaining to events that are both
future _and hypothetical_ is consistent with the law as set out by an
established line of cases, some of which have been cited above. However, the
situation is far different if the relevant events are prospective but _real_.

43 In short, the court may have the power to grant the kind of declaration
envisaged under section 12A of the Medicines Act, read with section 5B and the
Sixth Schedule of the Regulations, pursuant to its inherent jurisdiction. In a
case such as the present, there appears to be a real commercial question to be
answered. Given that the defendant has gone to the trouble of applying for
product licences in respect of the Proposed Products from the HSA, it can
hardly be said that the issue between the parties is a purely hypothetical
one. Indeed, the defendant has declared to the the HSA that it intends to
perform certain acts which, from the plaintiff’s perspective, will infringe
the plaintiff’s patent. Further, the plaintiff has a real interest to raise
the question; if it did not do so, the defendant may have already obtained the
product licences from HSA upon application. Further, in order to prevent the
defendant from being granted the product licences after the 30-month
moratorium, a determination on the dispute must be obtained. For the same
reasons, it cannot be gainsaid that the defendant has a true interest to
oppose the application sought.

44 Given that the plaintiff did not pursue this avenue, however, I am loath to
make any decided finding thereon; nor is it necessary for me to do so given my
earlier decision that section 12A of the Medicines Act provides for an
independent cause of action. I am hence satisfied to leave this point to be
determined on an occasion when the court has the benefit of full arguments.

Whether the cause of action contemplated under section 12A of the Medicines
Act allows for a patentee to maintain an action solely on the basis that it
does not believe the reason for non-infringement proffered by the defendant

45 Even if section 12A of the Medicines Act does provide for an independent
cause of action, it remains to be decided what facts must be pleaded to
sustain that action. In the present case, the Statement of Claim filed by the
plaintiff is a fairly simple one. The plaintiff simply recounted facts
regarding the defendant’s application for product licences and alleged that:

7\. The Plaintiff contends the following acts for which the product licenses
referred to in paragraph 4 are sought, namely (a) disposal of the Defendant’s
Products; (b) offer to dispose of the Defendant’s Products; (c) using the
Defendant’s Products; (d) importing the Defendant’s Products; and (e) keeping
whether for disposal or otherwise of the Defendant’s Products; will infringe
claims 1 to 27 of Singapore Patent No. SG8993 if carried out by the Defendant
in Singapore.

At this point, the plaintiff, of course, has no actual knowledge of the
composition of the Proposed Products. All that it knows of the Proposed
Products – they contain Rosuvastatin Calcium and do not utilise “an inorganic
salt in which the cation is multivalent” – was learnt through the defendant's
self-disclosure. The plaintiff essentially seeks to have the defendant reveal
the composition of the Proposed Products in order for the defendant’s claim of
non-infringement to be tested.

46 As may be expected, the defendant takes objection to this. The defendant
suggests that it is generally incumbent upon a plaintiff to prove its case.
This should be done by, _inter alia_ , pleading relevant facts. In the present
case, it is pointed out that the plaintiff did not allege any facts in support
of its allegation of potential patent infringement. The plaintiff has also
refused to provide particulars on the basis that there are no acts of
infringement being alleged. As a result, the writ fails completely. The
plaintiff’s claim, the defendant contends, has no facts to stand on and is
doomed to failure at the outset.

47 In my view, there is a disputed fact – whether the Proposed Products
contain “an inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent”. It is of
course true that the plaintiff is, currently, unable to plead any fact that
would support its allegation that the Proposed Products do contain that
essential ingredient. Nevertheless, this state of affairs, I believe, is
precisely the scenario that the drafters of section 12A of the Medicines Act
had envisioned the provision to apply to. The legislative provisions make this
clear. After being served with the notice under section 12A(3) of the
Medicines Act, a patentee is given only 45 days to take out the section 12A
application. In that space of time, it would be impossible for the patentee to
discover the composition of the applicant’s products, particularly so when the
applicant was not forthcoming. To expect the plaintiff, at the point of filing
its pleadings, to be able to plead facts to support its allegation that its
patent will be infringed would be unrealistic and not in conformity with the
spirit and intent of the relevant legislative provisions.

48 This position is admittedly pro-patentee for an applicant for a product
licence is virtually forced to reveal the composition of its products upon the
taking out of an action by the plaintiff. Until that point, no application for
striking out of the plaintiff’s case is tenable. However, this is not a
position which the court has adopted. Rather, this is a position that
Parliament has taken through the enactment of the relevant statutory regime.
The court is not free to depart from the statutory regime contemplated in the
enactment of section 12A of the Medicines Act and its accompanying subsidiary
legislation.

49 It is also ventured that this reading of the legislation puts the
defendant’s products at risk. Should the Proposed Products not contain “an
inorganic salt in which the cation is multivalent” as declared by the
defendant, the defendant would have revealed its trade secrets, so to speak,
to the plaintiff. The plaintiff may then take advantage of this for its own
commercial benefit. After all, at this point in time, the Proposed Products
are not protected by a patent yet. However, the risk may be mitigated. While
it is true that the defendant will have to reveal the composition of its
products, there are ways provided by the court’s procedures and rules which
will allow the defendant to protect itself. For instance, applications may be
made for confidential information to be restricted to certain persons or for
the plaintiff to be made to undertake not to use the information for purposes
outside of the court action. Such applications are not entirely new.

Frivolous, vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process

50 In its application to strike out the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 1), the defendant also alleges that the action is frivolous,
vexatious or otherwise an abuse of process. Before me, this allegation was not
pursued with as much force as the allegation that the Statement of Claim
(Amendment No. 1) discloses no reasonable cause of action but it must be dealt
with in any case. In support of this latest allegation, the defendant argues
that:

(a) the original Writ and Statement of Claim was riddled with elementary
mistakes such as misstating the name and address of the plaintiff;

(b) there are other patents owned by the plaintiff to which the Proposed
Products also relate and for which additional notices were served but the
plaintiff has not commenced any action against the defendant in respect of
those patents;

(c) the plaintiff could not have known what patents it owned related to the
Proposed Products for it did not know of the composition of the Proposed
Products;

(d) the plaintiff, following the commencement of this action, sought for
discovery of documents that were overly intrusive and onerous;

(e) the plaintiff’s associated company has had its statement of claim in a
Canadian case struck out for lack of material facts in its pleadings; and

(f) the plaintiff have been found guilty of patent misuse in other
jurisdictions.

51 Taken holistically, I am not of the view that these allegations, even if
true, necessarily leads to the conclusion the plaintiff is pressing upon the
court – that the plaintiff does not sincerely believe that its patent will be
infringed and is simply instituting the action to delay the defendant’s
applications from being approved or to obtain confidential information
belonging to the defendant. While it is true that the plaintiff’s associated
company has had its statement of claim struck out in _AstraZeneca Canada Inc v
Novopharm Limited_ 2009 FC 1209, it is not at all clear to me that an action
similar to the one contemplated under section 12A of the Medicines Act was
taken out. Its probative value is therefore low. Nor I am persuaded that the
present action is the latest in the plaintiff’s attempts to abuse the patent
system. In the result, there is insufficient evidence to prove that the
plaintiff’s present action is frivolous, vexatious or otherwise an abuse of
the court’s process.

Conclusion

52 In the circumstances, the application is dismissed. I will hear parties on
costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

