Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zhu Shan Fu _v_ China Construction Builders Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 54

Case Number| :| District Court Suit No 2009 of 2009 (RAS No 9 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Renganathan Shankar and Liew Hwee Tong Eric (Gabriel Law
Corporation) for the appellant/plaintiff; Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for the
respondent/defendant.  
Parties| :|  Zhu Shan Fu — China Construction Builders Pte Ltd  
  
15 March 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 A plank fell on the appellant’s back while he was working as a construction
worker employed by the respondent. Interlocutory judgment was entered with
liability resolved at 70% in the appellant’s favour. Damages were assessed by
a deputy registrar in the Subordinate Courts, who awarded 70% of the total
damages amounting to $12,285.35, comprising $3,000 for the contusion on the
appellant’s lower back, $40.50 for medical expenses in Singapore, and $14,510
for pre-trial loss of earnings. Prior to the hearing before the deputy
registrar, the respondent made an offer to settle for $14,880 to the
appellant, which was not accepted. The deputy registrar ordered costs to be
payable by the respondent to the appellant on a standard basis from the date
of the writ to the date of the offer to settle, and by the appellant to the
respondent on an indemnity basis from the date of the offer to settle onwards.
Both parties appealed to a district judge who only reduced the damages awarded
for pre-trial loss of earnings to $8,250, such that the appellant was awarded
$11,290.50 in total.

2 Mr Shankar, counsel for the appellant, is now here before me praying for an
increase in the damages assessed and awarded. Specifically, Mr Shankar prays
for $10,000 for the injury to the appellant’s upper back, $20,000 for the
injury to the appellant’s lower back, $1,500 for the abrasion to the
appellant’s upper back resulting in a scar, $57,330 for loss of future
earnings, $10,2000 for loss of future medical expenses, $27,762.30 for pre-
trial loss of earnings, $867.90 for medical expenses in Singapore and China,
and $240 for transport expenses, which amounts to a total of $89,530.14
calculated on a 70% basis. Mr Shankar also asks for the deputy registrar’s
costs order to be set aside.

3 Mr Shankar says that the appellant suffered more than a contusion to his
upper lumbar spine and that his lower lumbar spine was injured by the plank.
Alternatively, the contusion on his upper lumbar spine aggravated pre-existing
degenerative changes in his lower lumbar spine. In addition to the damages for
the alleged lower back injuries, Mr Shankar also submits that damages should
be awarded for the abrasion on the upper lumbar region of the appellant’s
spine. Upon reviewing the evidence, I am unable to agree with Mr Shankar. The
appellant’s claim for the abrasion is easily disposed of: the abrasion and the
contusion on the appellant’s upper lumbar spine are simply the same injury and
the appellant should not recover twice for the same injury.

4 Regarding the alleged injury to the lower lumbar spine, the medical reports
do not support Mr Shankar’s case. The appellant’s X-ray report made on the day
after the plank fell on him states that the “upper lumbar area [was] hit by
[a] wooden plank yesterday”. The MRI scan of the appellant’s spine showed that
“there is no MR evidence of marrow oedema suggestive of bony injury” and
concluded that there was no injury in the lower lumbar spine except for a
“loss of lumbar lordosis”. There was no mention of any injury caused to the
lower lumbar spine in these reports. Dr Tan Mann Hong, who was a doctor at the
Singapore General Hospital where the appellant sought medical treatment the
immediate day after the plank fell on him, produced a medical report on the
appellant, in which he noted that “[t]here was a 2cm X 1cm superficial
abrasion noted at the upper lumbar region of the L2 lumbar spine” and stated
that “[his] impression is that [the appellant] suffered a contusion of his
spine especially involving the upper lumbar region”. This report suggests that
the only injury was a contusion at the lower lumbar spine and does not favour
the appellant’s case. It was important for the appellant in the assessment
hearing below to call Dr Tan Mann Hong as a witness but he was not called.

5 Instead, the appellant produced a report by one Dr Tan Mak Yong from My
Orthopaedic Clinic at Gleneagles Medical Centre, who only examined the
appellant about six months after his accident and opined that the appellant
“probably sustained hyperflexion injury of [his lumbar] spine with
exacerbation of degenerated [lower lumbar spine discs]” when his back was hit
by the plank. It is not disputed that the appellant already has a pre-existing
degeneration of his lower lumbar spine. The question is whether the injury
caused by the falling plank aggravated this. If the injury to the upper lumbar
spine was serious enough to cause injury to the lower lumbar spine, it would
have been clearly evident in the firsthand reports for the various scans done
on the appellant. Yet there is no such evidence. Even the doctors who treated
the appellant the immediate day after his accident did not say that the
contusion sustained on the upper lumbar spine aggravated any pre-existing
condition. Dr Tan Mak Yong’s report is not contemporaneous, and at any rate,
as already noted by the deputy registrar, is based on certain assumptions made
regarding the weight of plank and the way it fell on the appellant, facts that
Dr Tan Mak Yong was not personally acquainted with. In response, the
respondent produced a medical report made by one Dr Lee Soon Tai after he had
conducted a clinical examination of the appellant and considered the various
medical reports noted above. The report states that the only injury was the
contusion, there was no objective evidence of any severe injury to the lumbar
spine and the appellant showed clinical signs of exaggeration of his physical
disabilities.

6 In the light of this lack of evidence, the proposition that the injury to
the upper lumbar spine somehow aggravated the pre-existing problems with the
lower lumbar spine is speculative. It is undisputed that the appellant
suffered a contusion on the upper lumbar spine. It is hard to believe that
what is otherwise a bruise, which Dr Tan Mak Yong himself testified would heal
within six weeks, could lead to such injuries in the lower lumbar spine.

7 The surveillance evidence produced by the respondent confirms this view. The
respondent hired private investigators to conduct surveillance on the
appellant to see whether his daily activities and movements were consistent
with his alleged injuries. This surveillance was conducted on the appellant on
the day he visited Dr Lee and the day after. A video and a report were
produced. The deputy registrar considers this to be the best objective
evidence. After watching the video and reading the report, I agree with the
deputy registrar’s view that the appellant did not exhibit any signs of
discomfort or pain which would be telling of a man who claimed he had been
experiencing constant pain in his back since the accident until now. The video
shows that the appellant could walk with a normal gait, ascend and descend
stairs without any apparent difficulty, walk for considerable distances
carrying a load, remain on his feet for a sustained period of time, squat down
and remain squatting for over 10 minutes, stoop forward, bend downward, squat,
turn his neck and crouch in various positions while trying to charge his
mobile phone, and get up from squatting and stooping positions without any
signs of difficulty. Mr Shankar’s explanation for this was that the
appellant’s pain from the alleged injuries recurred periodically and was not
constant, such that “there will be good days and bad days”, as noted by Dr Tan
Mak Yong in his testimony in court. Mr Shankar points to the parts of the
video where the appellant occasionally placed his hands on his back, which
signifies that he had lower back pain. I do not accept Mr Shankar’s
explanation. From my assessment of the appellant’s behaviour in the video, the
appellant seems to be merely occasionally placing his hand on his lower back
and was not holding it in pain. Apart from this, the appellant was walking
normally and his behaviour as a whole did not suggest that he was suffering
from such lower back pain. The surveillance evidence suggests that the
appellant had only good days. There is no concrete evidence of the alleged bad
days, apart from Dr Tan Mak Yong’s evidence which in any event should be given
little weight. Hence, I agree with the deputy registrar that the appellant has
exaggerated his injuries. Furthermore, the deputy registrar had the benefit of
seeing and hearing the various witnesses give their testimony before finding
that the appellant had clearly exaggerated his disabilities and only sustained
a contusion at his upper lumbar spine which would have healed within six
weeks. I am not inclined to disturb the deputy registrar’s findings given that
I have not had the same benefit and those evidence that I was able to evaluate
I find that they support the lower court’s findings.

8 As a result, I will not increase the damages awarded for the injury to the
appellant’s upper back and will not award damages for any supposed injury to
the appellant’s lower back. Since I agree with the deputy registrar’s finding
that the appellant only suffered a contusion on his upper back which would
have healed within six weeks, the appellant’s claim for additional damages
representing further medical expenses, loss of future earnings, medical
expenses in Singapore and China must be dismissed. The claim for transport
expenses is not supported by receipts and must also be dismissed. The damages
awarded for pre-trial loss of earnings amounting to $8,250 is already very
generous, considering that the district judge made this award on the basis
that the appellant could not find work for roughly eight months after his
injury, even though the appellant only suffered the contusion on his upper
back which should have healed in about six weeks.

9 The appellant should have accepted the respondent’s offer to settle. I am
not inclined to disturb the costs orders below. The purpose behind the rules
regarding the offer to settle is to ensure that parties do not exaggerate
their respective cases. If the courts do not enforce the usual cost
consequences of offers to settle under O 59 r 9 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), litigants like the appellant will have no incentive to
accept reasonable offers. The fact that the appellant’s failure to do so here
has led to the appellant having virtually no compensation should be a reminder
to lawyers and litigants that the court’s discretion not to enforce the usual
cost consequences of offers to settle will not be exercised lightly. The
circumstances of this case do not merit intervention. On the contrary, it
follows very shortly after a similar case before me, District Court Suit No
1999 of 2009, _Jin Ye Shao v China Construction (South Pacific) Development Co
Pte Ltd_. In that case, another worker from the People’s Republic of China,
who was also represented by Mr Shankar and worked for a construction company
at the material time, also rejected what appeared to be a reasonable offer to
settle. That plaintiff also exaggerated his injuries, and did not call a
material orthopaedic surgeon from the Singapore General Hospital who actually
treated him and instead chose to rely on an opinion of the same Dr Tan Mak
Yong.

10 For the reasons above, I dismiss the appeal. I will hear the question of
costs of this appeal on another date if parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

