Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Khian Heng Construction (Pte) Ltd _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 141

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 118 of 2011/01 (EMA 2 of 2009)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chia Kok Khun and Ho Diana Haven (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for
the appellant; Isaac Tito Shane and Wong Shoou-Huang Jonathan (Tito Isaac & Co
LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Khian Heng Construction (Pte) Ltd — Public Prosecutor  
  
11 July 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant, Khian Heng Construction (Private) Ltd (“the appellant”) was
appointed by the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) as the main contractor
to carry out lift upgrading works at Blocks 123, 129, 132 and 139, Simei
Street 1 (“the Worksite”). The appellant sub-contracted the piling works to be
carried out at the Worksite to CS Geotechnic Pte Ltd (“CS Geotechnic”). The
appellant engaged Mr Tan Hock Guan, a licensed cable detector worker (“LCDW”)
(“LCDW Tan”) to ascertain the presence of any underlying cables in the
Worksite. This was a requirement by law. LCDW Tan detected high and low
voltage electricity cables in the vicinity of Block 129 of the Worksite and
prepared a drawing of the proposed trial trench to be dug by the appellant.
The appellant dug its own trial holes, pursuant to the drawing, and only found
a Singapore Cable Vision cable (“the SCV cable”) at one of the trial holes.
Having not found any high voltage electricity cables, the appellant authorised
CS Geotechnic to carry out the piling works. In the course of carrying out the
sub-contracted piling works, CS Geotechnic damaged a 22 kilovolt high voltage
electricity cable (“the Cable”). The Cable was in the transmission network
under the control of SP PowerGrid Ltd (“SPPG”). It was located at a depth of
about 1.9m, near the SVC cable found by the appellant when it dug trial holes.
No power outage was reported and the cost of repairing the Cable was $4,
498.32 which was duly paid by the appellant. The appellant and CS Geotechnic
were separately charged but jointly tried before the learned District Judge
(“DJ”). The DJ convicted both, imposing a fine of $100,000 on the appellant
and $30,000 on CS Geotechnic. CS Geotechnic did not appeal against the DJ’s
decision and this present appeal is limited to the appellant’s conviction.

2 CS Geotechnic was charged under s 80(4)(a) of the Electricity Act (Cap 89A,
2002 Rev Ed) (“Electricity Act”) for failing to comply with all reasonable
requirements of SPPG to prevent damage to high voltage electricity cables. The
appellant was charged by way of private prosecution (initiated by the Energy
Market Authority) on 16 January 2009 under s 85(2) of the Electricity Act for
suffering to be damaged a high voltage electricity cable on 11 November 2006
in the course of carrying out earthworks at Block 129 of the Worksite.
Sections 85(2), 80(4) and 80(7) of the Electricity Act state as follows:

Damage to property of electricity licensee [the appellant’s charge]

85.–(1) ...

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), any person who, in the course of carrying
out any earthworks, damages or suffers to be damaged any high voltage
electricity cable in the transmission network belonging to or under the
management or control of an electricity licensee shall be guilty of an offence
and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $1 million or to
imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

Carrying out of earthworks within vicinity of high voltage electricity cable
[CS Geotechnic’s charge]

80.–(1) ...

[...]

(4) It shall be the duty of the person who carries out any earthworks referred
to in subsection (1) —

(_a_) to comply with all reasonable requirements of the electricity licensee
for the prevention of damage to the high voltage electricity cable;

(_b_) to ensure that reasonable precautions are taken when carrying out such
earthworks to prevent any damage to the high voltage electricity cable; and

(_c_) to allow the electricity licensee reasonable access to the work site for
the purpose of inspecting or taking any necessary measures to protect the high
voltage electricity cable.

[...]

(7) Any person who contravenes subsection (1) or (4) shall be guilty of an
offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $100,000 or
to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

The principal issue raised in this appeal was whether the appellant’s charge
was proper, namely that it was “in the course of carrying out any earthworks”,
an element of the charge preferred against it under s 85(2) of the Electricity
Act. It was undisputed that it was CS Geotechnic and not the appellant who was
carrying out piling works when the Cable was damaged. The Cable was not
damaged when the appellant was digging trial holes. It cannot be said that the
appellant had caused or suffered to be damaged a high voltage electricity
cable “in the course of carrying out any earthworks”.

3 The DJ observed that the phrase “in the course of carrying out any
earthworks” was specifically introduced by Parliament in s 85(2) of the
Electricity Act as the precursor to this provision, s 107(3) of the Public
Utilities Act (Cap 261, 1996 Rev Ed) (“Public Utilities Act”) did not contain
this phrase. In relation to the word “earthworks”, the DJ found that the
appellant had carried out earthworks under s 2 of the Electricity Act when it
dug trial holes at the piling locations. Section 2 of the Electricity Act
defines “earthworks” as follows:

“earthworks” means —

(_a_)any act of excavating earth, rock or other material (by whatever means)
in connection with —

(i)any work for or relating to the construction, reconstruction, extension,
renovation, alteration, demolition or repair of any building, road, railway,
bridge, viaduct, flyover, sewer or sewage works;

(ii)any work for or relating to the laying, inspecting, repairing or renewing
of any main, pipe, cable, fitting or other apparatuses;

(iii)any soil investigation work; or

(iv)such other works as are usually undertaken by a person carrying on
business as a contractor in the construction industry or as a professional
civil or structural engineer;

(_b_)any act of boring, dredging, jacking, levelling, piling or tunnelling on
or under any premises or street by any mechanical means; or

(_c_)the driving or sinking of any earth rod, casing or tube into the ground;

The question then remains as to whether the appellant can be said to have been
in the course of carrying out any earthworks (all of which require an active
act of excavating, boring, dredging, etc as defined in s 2), identified to be
the digging of the trial holes, when the Cable was damaged by CS Geotechnic.
Interpreting this phrase, the DJ accepted that a “plain and simple” reading
should be adopted so as to ensure consistency with the natural and ordinary
meaning of the phrase and to give effect to Parliament’s will and intent. In
interpreting the phrase “in the course of carrying out any earthworks”, the DJ
observed that it was to be read together with the phrase “suffered to be
damaged”. Notwithstanding the fact that the appellant did not directly cause
any damage to the Cable, the DJ took the view that the appellant suffered to
be damaged the high voltage electricity cable in the course of carrying out
earthworks as “earthworks” must be viewed as a “continuum of activity”
beginning with the digging of trial holes and ending with CS Geotechnic’s
piling works, the latter of which damaged the Cable. The DJ stated that it was
“overly pedantic” to regard “earthworks” as merely the piling works. With
respect, while digging trial holes can be regarded as “earthworks”, as no
damage can be said to have been caused or “suffered to be caused” to the Cable
at the time the appellant was carrying out the earthworks, reading the two
requirements together, I was not satisfied that the _actus_ _reus_ of the
charge had been made out. First, to interpret the phrase “earthworks” as
activity which includes all conduct of independent parties involved in any
construction project from the commencement of the project to the moment of
damage as one unbroken chain of events is to read the statutory provision too
widely. If the DJ’s construction of s 85(2) is correct, any party involved in
undertaking “earthworks” until the moment of damage, a widely defined term
under s 2 of the Electricity Act, notwithstanding their lack of involvement in
or proximity to the actual damage would be held as liable as the party who
directly damages the high voltage electricity cable. This interpretation of s
85(2) can only be justified in an agency context wherein the agent and
principal are held to be equally liable. In fact, s 85(3) of the Electricity
Act provides for precisely this situation:

Where an offence under subsection (2) is committed by any person acting as the
agent or servant of another person, or being otherwise subject to the
supervision or instructions of another person for the purposes of any
employment in the course of which the offence was committed, that other person
shall, without prejudice to the liability of the first-mentioned person, be
liable under that subsection in the same manner and to the same extent as if
he had personally committed the offence unless he proves to the satisfaction
of the court that the offence was committed without his consent or connivance
or that it was not attributable to any neglect on his part.

The DJ found CS Geotechnic to be an independent contractor. Thus contrary to
his own finding, the DJ’s interpretation of the phrase “in the course of
carrying out any earthworks” resulted in both the appellant and its
independent contractor CS Geotechnic being found (at the very least) equally
liable for the damage to the Cable, in effect subsuming s 85(3) under s 85(2)
of the Electricity Act. This result is particularly incongruous in the light
of the fact that CS Geotechnic was not even charged under the same section as
the appellant and was fined a substantially lower sum of $30,000 under s 80(4)
of the Electricity Act. Second, I am of the view that the insertion of the
phrase “in the course of carrying out any earthworks” by Parliament was
intended to narrow the ambit of this section and to impose a higher penalty
(the precursor provision had a maximum fine of $200,000) on individuals who
actually cause damage to the high voltage electricity cables. By way of
comparison, s 107(3) of the Public Utilities Act stated as follows (“precursor
provision”):

Notwithstanding [Section 107(2)], any person who damages or suffers to be
damaged any electricity cable in the transmission network belonging to or
under the management or control of a public electricity licensee shall be
guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding
$200,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

It is clear that if the appellant had been charged under the precursor
provision, its act of instructing CS Geotechnic to commence piling works could
have been said to have “suffered to be damaged” the Cable. Thus, if the
phrase, “in the course of carrying out any earthworks” found in s 85(2) of the
Electricity Act was interpreted to include a continuum of activity preceding
any damage being caused to a high voltage electricity cable, it would render
this phrase nugatory; causing a reversion to the wider ambit envisioned in the
precursor provision. However, this is not to say that there is no provision
applicable to the appellant’s conduct. I am of the view that s 80(4) of the
Electricity Act (the provision under which CS Geotechnic was charged and
convicted) would have been a more appropriate provision applicable to the
appellant’s act, _ie_ the failure to contact LCDW Tan to ensure that no
further trial holes needed to be dug before piling works were commenced. In
other words under s 80(4)(b) of the Electricity Act, it could have been argued
that the appellant owed a duty to SPPG to take all reasonable precautions,
which could have included contacting LCDW Tan to ensure that notwithstanding
the signals he observed, that piling works could be safely commenced. On the
other hand, in my view, s 85(2) of the Electricity Act was intended to apply
to parties like CS Geotechnic. In my view, such a reading of the provisions is
also consistent with the relative culpabilities of both parties and the
distinct types of liability envisioned under ss 85(2), 85(3) and 80(4) of the
Electricity Act.

4 I am not inclined to amend the appellant’s charge for one under s 80(4) of
the Electricity Act due to the substantial difference in the nature of the
charges and the elements to be proven. As observed in _Garmaz s/o Pakhar and
another v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 95 at [29]:

The power that an appellate court has in amending a charge under s 256(_b_) of
the CPC is not unlimited and obviously such power has to be exercised with
great caution and not to the prejudice of the accused. The same tests laid
down by Taylor J in _Lew Cheok_ _Hin_ and Cussen J in _Ng Ee_ in substituting
a conviction for the one under appeal are, subject to necessary modifications,
appropriate and applicable to the exercise of the power of amendment of a
charge. The purpose of these tests is to prevent any prejudice to the accused.

In any event, it was not argued by the Prosecution that such an amendment was
necessary. Accordingly, I allow the appeal on conviction and the appellant is
acquitted of the charge brought against it. The fine is to be refunded to the
appellant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

