Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ter Yin Wei _v_ Lim Leet Fang  
[2012] SGHC 82

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal 40 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anthony Wee and Pak Waltan (United Legal Alliance LLC)
for the appellant; Netto Anthony Leonard (Nettowon LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Ter Yin Wei — Lim Leet Fang  
  
20 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 At about 9.35 am on 12 December 2008, a motor vehicle driven by the
Appellant, Ms Ter Yin Wei (“Ms Ter”) collided into another vehicle driven by
the Respondent, Mdm Lim Leet Fang (“Mdm Lim”). Mdm Lim was the plaintiff in
the trial below and Ms Ter was the defendant. Ms Ter did not dispute
liability. Mdm Lim’s car was damaged and, although she did not initially
disclose that she had suffered any personal injuries, she had visited a
Polyclinic the day after the accident and was diagnosed with whiplash and
lumbar ligamental injuries 5 days later.

2 It is axiomatic that under liability policies, as was the vehicle insurance
policy in this case, there are insured and uninsured losses. Insurance
practitioners know that when settling or compromising a case being pursued
under subrogation or an assignment, they must not compromise the insured’s
right to claim for uninsured losses from the tortfeasor when settling the
insured losses. Otherwise they would be answerable to the insured for their
professional negligence. The same principle applies to lawyers who receive
instructions from motor workshops in motor accident claims.

3 This forms the sole issue on appeal, _viz_ , did the hapless lawyer who was
acting on instructions from the motor workshop in settling the repair claim
for the damage to Mdm Lim’s car (including a loss of use claim) compromise Mdm
Lim’s right to claim for her personal injuries?

4 The learned District Judge (“DJ”) decided that the settlement agreement
reached between solicitors instructed by Mdm Lim’s workshop and Ms Ter’s
liability insurers (see [8]  _infra_) did not prejudice Mdm Lim’s claims for
personal injuries. Ms Ter, or I should more correctly say her liability
insurers, appealed.

5 After hearing both parties, I allowed the appeal. I was asked by both
counsel to issue a written judgment. As requested, I now set out the reasons
of my decision.

Relevant Facts

6 Mdm Lim alleged that the pain, which indicated she had suffered an injury,
only began 3 hours after the incident. However, in the Accident Report filed
on the following day, 13 December 2008, in answer to the question: “Was
anybody injured in the Accident?” Mdm Lim inexplicably wrote: “No”. Mdm Lim
did not disclose that she was suffering from pain although such pain had
allegedly manifested itself the day before. As noted above at [1], Mdm Lim
visited a Polyclinic directly after filing the Accident Report, and was
diagnosed with whiplash and lumbar ligamental injuries 5 days later.

7 Following the usual practice, Mdm Lim sent her car to the workshop and
signed the usual papers which would have included a fairly standard
assignment. Again following the usual practice, her car would have been
repaired by the workshop and returned to her together with payment of a sum of
money for the loss of use of her car during the period of repair. I pause to
note that loss of use is an uninsured loss but the practice of the workshops
is to include this sum to encourage custom.

8 The workshop instructed Messrs Teo Keng Siang & Partners (“TKSP”) to pursue
the repair claim. TKSP sent a letter of demand dated 5 February 2009 to Ms
Ter’s insurers, HSBC Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“HSBCI”) claiming for:

[L]oss and expense, particulars of which are as follows:  
---  
• |  Cost of Repair |  $3,600.00  
• |  Loss of use (5 x $60) |  $300.00  
• |  LTA search fee |  $8.00  
• |  GIA search fees |  $29.00  
• |  Survey report fee |  $333.00  
• |  Costs |  _$856.00_  
|  Total |  _$5,126.00_  
  
  

This letter was copied to Ms Ter. Correspondence then ensued between HSBCI and
TKSP negotiating an acceptable settlement sum. On 18 February 2009, TKSP made
an offer to settle at $4,491 after compromising on some items, including
reductions in (i) the cost of repairs to $3,300; (ii) loss of use to $250 (5
days at $50 a day); and (iii) costs to $600. HSBCI gave a counter-offer of a
global sum of $4,200 all-in. Following this there was a telephone conversation
and a settlement was reached between TKSP and HSBCI on 25 February 2009 (“the
Settlement”). TKSP wrote:

We write to confirm settlement in a global sum of $4,300 (all–in) as full and
final settlement. Kindly let us have your discharge voucher and cheque within
7 days from the date hereof.

9 HSBCI sent its standard Discharge Voucher (“DV”) to TKSP on 25 February 2009
and asked that it be signed and returned, whereupon HSBCI would make payment.
It should be noted that although the DV had Mdm Lim and Ms Ter’s names printed
out in the text, the bottom had spaces above and next to the notations
“Signature of Claimant” with the “Name” and “NRIC/Passport No.” left blank and
to be filled in. TKSP returned the duly signed DV to HSBCI on 16 March 2009\.
There was a signature appended to the DV above the description “Signature of
Claimant” and Mdm Lim’s name and NRIC number were written in the blank spaces
below. The DV was in fact not signed by Mdm Lim but by Ms Liew Sun Kiap (“Ms
Liew”), a representative of the workshop. There was no averment or dispute
that Ms Liew did not have the authority to compromise the claim[note: 1]. The
DV stated, _inter alia_ :

We/I LIM LEET FANG hereby agree to accept the sum of S$4,300 ... _in full and
final settlement of all claims we/I have or may have against_ [HSBCI] and/or
their insured TER CHAI SENG ... in respect of an accident involving SGH 3575M
and SFF 4293S at/along BUKIT TIMAH RD & CASHEW RD which occurred on or about
12.12.2008 ... _Upon_ our/my _receipt of such payment [HSBCI] and their
Insured shall be fully discharged from all claims we/I have or may have in
respect of the incident._

... We/I also agree to indemnify [HSBCI] and their Insured against any claim
whatsoever made against them by any person on my behalf in respect of the
incident.

I/We further authorize you to pay the above settlement sum directly to [TKSP].

[emphasis added]

10 The ambit and construction of the Settlement embodied in the DV was
disputed. HSBCI and Ms Ter claimed that the sum of $4,300 was accepted in full
and final settlement of all claims Mdm Lim had or may have had in respect of
the accident.[note: 2] HSBCI claimed at the trial below that Mdm Lim’s cause
of action for personal injury had merged with the settlement agreement in the
DV and the DV discharged HSBCI and Ms Ter from all claims which Mdm Lim had or
may have had. On the other hand, TKSP and Mdm Lim contended that the agreement
only referred to the workshop claim for damage to the car and could not
include a discharge from the personal injury claim.

The Decision below

11 The DJ ruled in favour of Mdm Lim. He placed great weight on the initial
letter of 5 February 2009 and correspondence leading up to the Settlement,
which only referred to the vehicular damage. He found that the Settlement was
reached on 25 February 2009 when TKSP accepted HSBCI’s global counter-offer in
respect of the property damage. There was no mention of Mdm Lim’s personal
injuries, and therefore, no basis to imply that the parties’ settlement also
included these personal injuries. In any case, such an implied term did not
lend any business efficacy to the settlement agreement. The DV was something
that came after the parties’ agreement on 25 February 2009.[note: 3]

12 The learned DJ relied on the Court of Appeal decision in _Projection Pte
Ltd v The Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R) 798 (“ _Tai Ping
Insurance_ ”) as being very instructive and quoted _Tai Ping Insurance_ at
[21] for the proposition that a discharge voucher “was no more than an
acknowledgement of the receipt of the sum in full and final settlement of the
claim”.[note: 4] The DV therefore could not to be taken into account in
construing the compromise or agreement that was reached; rather, the
correspondence and intentions of the parties were decisive.

13 The learned DJ also distinguished _Kitchen Design and Advice Ltd v Lea
Valley Water Co_ (1989) 2 Ll.L.R. 221 (“ _Kitchen Design”)_ as being
appropriate where there is a settlement in the course of litigation of a
property damage claim and the omission of a loss of profit claim.[note: 5] The
learned DJ felt that the judge in _Kitchen Design_ telescoped considerations
belonging to _res judicata_ to the issue of compromise when the proper
consideration of the compromise reached should have been by way of an
objective and contextual measure of the written and, where applicable, oral
terms of the compromise, citing _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold
Interior Design & Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”) SGCA
26 and _Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount
Elizabeth Hospital) and another_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891.[note: 6]

Reasons for Allowing the Appeal

14 With respect, I could not agree with the learned DJ’s reading of _Tai Ping
Insurance_. The issue being addressed in that case was totally different,
_viz_ , whether the parties had reached an agreement on settlement. That case
arose in the context of a building contract. A retaining wall had collapsed
during construction, causing damage to surrounding property. The main
contractor made a claim under his Contractor’s All Risk Policy. There were
protracted negotiations for settlement. Eventually, the insurer wrote to the
main contractor’s agents on 31 March 1999, referring to previous
correspondence and discussions, and agreeing, after adjustment, that “the
final figure payable is $553,560.98.” They enclosed a discharge voucher, which
the main contractor signed and returned but added the words “this full and
final settlement shall be limited to the aforesaid incident only”.

15 It is important to note the arguments raised by the insurer before the
Court of Appeal in _Tai Ping Insurance_. First, it disputed that a compromise
agreement had in fact been reached. Secondly, it argued that its letter of 31
March 1999 was an offer, which was not accepted in accordance with its terms,
given the addition of the words penned by the main contractor. It argued,
therefore, that there was no concluded compromise agreement. Further, the
insurer required the signatures of both the main contractor and the owner of
the project to the discharge voucher to conclude an agreement. The Court of
Appeal held that, on the facts, a clear compromise agreement had been reached
to indemnify the main contractor up to $553,560.98 for the incident. The
insurer’s letters of 9 December 1998 and 31 March 1999 were set out in full at
[18] and [19] of the Judgment in _Tai Ping Insurance_. Paragraph [21] of _Tai
Ping Insurance_ therefore had to be read in the context of the insurer’s
contentions, which included an argument that a properly signed discharge
voucher was a condition of the settlement. There was no issue on the width and
ambit of the words used in relation to a full and final settlement of all
claims the insured had or may have had. _Tai Ping Insurance_ was certainly not
authority that a discharge voucher is only an acknowledgement of the receipt
of a sum of money.

16 With respect, I also could not agree with the DJ’s construction and
understanding of the DV. The DV was not a receipt _simpliciter_. On its face,
it recorded payment of a sum of money in respect of an accident, and it stated
in clear and unambiguous language that:

(a) the payment was in _full and final settlement of all claims_ that the
recipient _had_ or _may have_ _had_ against HSBCI and/or their insured, Ms
Ter; and

(b) upon payment, HSBCI and their insured, Ms Ter, _shall be fully discharged
from all claims_ the recipient _has_ or _may have_ in respect of the incident
or accident.

There was no other construction of the DV other than that, with the payment,
it was a full and final settlement of, and full discharge from _all_ claims
that the recipient _had_ or _may have had_ against the insurer and the insured
driver. The word “have” in the DV[note: 7] referred to all claims that the
recipient possessed or had put forward at that time. The phrase “may have” in
the DV[note: 8] clearly referred to claims that had not been put forward at
that time, or claims that might arise in the future. Such a construction is
reinforced by the second paragraph of the DV, which provided that the
recipient indemnified the insurer and the insured driver against any claims
that may be brought by any other person on the recipient’s behalf in respect
of this same accident or incident.

17 The practice of insurers recording a full and final settlement and
obtaining a full discharge and indemnity on the terms set out in the first two
paragraphs of the DV or on terms very similar to that has been around for at
least half a century. The practice of obtaining discharge vouchers on the
terms used and referred to above are of very long standing use and is very
familiar to those who practise in the industry. TKSP themselves dealt with
numerous DVs in their dealings with HSBCI, a fact which I shall return to
later.

18 This long standing use of certain words or phrases in documents of this
nature has also acquired a certain legitimacy over the years as they have been
endorsed by the courts. The following passage in David Foskett, _The Law and
Practice of Compromise_ , 7th ed. (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010) at [5-21] is apt:

It is important to emphasize also that reference to cases in which the court
has reached a particular conclusion in relation to a particular word or phrase
will be of limited assistance in other cases. In this area, in particular,
authorities ‘must be read in the context of their peculiar facts’. That having
been said, _certain phrases, hallowed by long and frequent usage, are likely
to receive substantially the same response by way of construction in most
compromises in which they appear. An obvious example would be the well
established formula “in full and final settlement of all claims that [C] has
or may have arising from the accident._

[emphasis added]

Again, at [2-08]:

Parties frequently seek to compromise “potential” issues between them even if
those issues have not yet been elevated to the status of an actual dispute. A
familiar and well-established formula for settling disputes is in the
following (or similar) terms:

“A agrees to accept from B the sum of [figure] in full and final settlement of
all claims which he has or may have arising from [the specified incident or
other state of affairs.”

The intention of wording of this nature is plain. It is intended that the
payment should discharge finally all claims that have not merely already been
advanced, but also those which might subsequently be advanced in connection
with whatever incident or state of affairs had brought the parties into
dispute. It follows that the intention of the agreement underlying the use of
this formula is that an issue not yet identified or formulated is also to be
regarded as comprehended in the settlement.

19 With respect, I could not agree with the learned DJ’s reading of _Kitchen
Design_ either. In that case, the plaintiff’s insurers made a subrogated claim
for property damage which was settled by a payment. The relevant phrases used
in the DV were very close to that used in _Kitchen Design_ :

[I]n full satisfaction, liquidation and discharge of all claims we have or may
have against Lea Valley Water Company in connection with a burst water main in
High Road, Finchley, London N. 12. on 1st February 1984.

Subsequently, the plaintiff’s insurers brought another subrogated claim
arising from the same incident for loss of profits. Phillips J disallowed the
claim and held at 224 that:

The formula “all claims we have or may have” was clearly designed to cover,
not merely claims actually advanced in relation to the burst main, but other
claims not advanced which might be advanced. _The fact that the respective
adjusters were only negotiating in respect of specific items of physical
damage cannot detract from the natural meaning of the phrase_ ; nor can I see
any justification for restricting the phrase to claims in respect of which
Q.B.E. already enjoyed rights of subrogation as opposed to claims in respect
of which they might acquire rights of subrogation in the future.

[emphasis added]

The issue of _res judicata_ was never raised in this case. The earlier claim
was compromised out of court and without any admission of liability. With
respect, I could not understand how Phillips J was said to have telescoped
considerations belonging to _res judicata_ into the issue of compromise. Again
with respect, Phillips J construed the clear words of the settlement and
discharge voucher set out above; he did not and did not have to imply a term
into the settlement.

20 I find that _Kitchen Design_ was directly on point. It had nothing to do
with _res judicata_ and was not reasoned on that basis, but on the basis of an
interpretation of the terms used when the first claim was settled. The court
took into account the context in _Kitchen Design_ , but found that it was not
enough to displace the clear meaning of the words in the discharge voucher. On
the contrary, I found that _Kitchen Design_ directly supported my views set
out above.

21 This same approach is found in _O’Boyle and another v Leiper and another_ ,
The Times Law Reports, January 26 1990. Through his negligence, a vendor’s
solicitor caused the completion of the sale of his client’s property to be
delayed by one year. The vendor L’s initial letter of claim to her solicitors
in November 1982, also requested an indemnity for any claim that the
purchasers of the property may bring against her due to the delay. Her
solicitor did not agree and thereafter only desultory correspondence and
negotiations took place until March 1984 when fresh negotiations re-started
which only related to her direct pecuniary loss. In June 1986 L sent a draft
statement of claim to her solicitors which only pleaded her claim to damages
for strict pecuniary loss. In August 1986, L accepted an offer from her
solicitors for £20,000 paid “in full and final settlement” of her claims
“arising out of this matter.” Unfortunately, in October 1987, just three weeks
before the expiry of the limitation period, the purchasers sued L and she
issued a contribution notice against the solicitor. The Court of Appeal upheld
the trial judge’s holding that the natural inference from the correspondence
and the draft statement of claim was that the compromise was intended to
include all of L’s claims against her solicitor. In comparison, the phrases
used in the DV before me were more all encompassing and comprehensive.

22 I agree with the learned DJ’s comments on _Brunsden v Humphrey_ (1884) 14
QBD 141 at [17] of his judgment. However I would point out that _Dattani v
Trio Supermarkets Ltd_ [1998] IRIR 240 (“ _Dattani_ ”) must be read with care.
The appellant there brought a claim for unfair dismissal before the industrial
tribunal. It was only in giving details of his complaint that the appellant
alleged he had never been paid the level of wages which had been agreed; he
had raised the question of money owed to him on numerous occasions and that he
had been dismissed when he raised the matter yet again. Before the end of the
tribunal’s proceeding, the parties settled the matter. It is important to note
that the only relevant contemporaneous document related to the compromise is a
handwritten document addressed to the appellant; it read: “In consideration of
your accepting the sum of £5,000..._in settlement of your claim for unfair
dismissal_ ” [emphasis added]. The industrial tribunal recorded: “This case
has been settled on the basis that the respondent pay the applicant the sum of
£5,000”. The basis of the settlement was therefore limited in scope and did
not contain any of the words or phrases used in the DV before me nor was there
an accompanying indemnity.

23 The fact that the correspondence between TKSP and HSBCI only mentioned
property damage and loss of use is insufficient to displace the clear and
unambiguous meaning of the words “all claims we/I have or may have in respect
of the incident” in the DV. The words of the DV were clear and unambiguous. It
was not legitimate on the facts of this case to go into the context and then
read into clear and unambiguous words something contrary to what those words
plainly mean. Nor was it permissible to imply a term to the effect that the DV
was without prejudice to Mdm Lim’s right to claim for her personal injury.

24 There was no claim for rectification. In fact, there could not have been
any such claim. TKSP had dealt with HSBCI many a time prior to this particular
accident. The exchange of a discharge voucher was routine, and Mr Teo Keng
Siang (“Mr Teo”) of TKSP accepted it as “market practice”.[note: 9] In TKSP’s
letter dated 23 February 2009 to HSBCI, TKSP made an offer and stated: “Kindly
let us have your discharge voucher and cheque if you are agreeable”.[note: 10]
It was TKSP who asked for the DV. TKSP did so again in their letter dated 25
February 2009 to HSBCI when they confirmed the settlement at $4,300 all-
in.[note: 11]

25 TKSP’s Mr Teo stated in cross-examination that he dealt in a similar way
with “all” insurance companies in Singapore.[note: 12] During the trial, HSBCI
produced other discharge vouchers processed and signed by TKSP’s other clients
with similar motor accident claims but who also had personal injury claims and
on these discharge vouchers TKSP had caused to be stamped: “Signed without
prejudice for any personal injury claim”,[note: 13] or with “this indemnity is
signed without prejudice to my rights to claim for compensation for my
personal injury”[note: 14] typed in. Mr Teo affirmed under cross-examination
that this was indeed their regular practice when dealing with such insurance
claims.[note: 15] Mr Teo also admitted under cross-examination that he had
handled other claims where there were no personal injuries involved and he did
not stamp the reservation on the discharge voucher signed by his
“clients”.[note: 16] TKSP was therefore, on its own evidence, very familiar
with the practice of having their clients sign discharge vouchers. The
regularly-used terms of such discharge vouchers were also very familiar to
TKSP. If there was a personal injury claim to be made, they would reserve
those rights for their clients.

26 It was clear that TKSP had, very unfortunately, slipped up in this case. Mr
Teo was asked this very question and gave a rather long and convoluted answer,
in which he effectively admitted that they would normally stamp their
reservation of rights for the personal injury claim if there were such
injuries.[note: 17] In this case, Mr Teo all but admitted that he was aware of
the existence of a possible personal injury claim at the time the
correspondence with HSBCI commenced. In admitting under cross-examination that
there was no mention of a personal injury claim in the correspondence, he went
on to clarify that:[note: 18]

The plaintiff has another cause of action in personal injury and she has a
three year time limit to mount a claim for personal injury. Because she is
undergoing either physio [sic] or Chinese sinseh treatment in Johore Bahru, we
normally have to see whether there was a lapse of time before seeing whether
there is permanent disability. However, we have to clear the workshop claim
because of repair fast. That’s why pages 20 to 32 are for property damage
claim only. This is why we have no mention of personal injury because we have
no idea how long treatment will take. And we do not want to delay the other
cause of action, which is the workshop claim for property damage.

If that was true, and TKSP had a practice of stamping a reservation on the
standard form DV, then unless there had been a slip up, I could not understand
why that reservation had not been made. The truth seemed to be this: TKSP, in
acting for and under the instructions of the motor workshop, and in pushing
for a speedy recovery for the repair costs already incurred by the motor
workshop, most unfortunately forgot to reserve Mdm Lim’s personal injury
claims, and thereby compromised her right to make such a claim.

27 Mdm Lim’s reliance on _Zurich Insurance_ and arguments on the contextual
approach are, with respect, quite misplaced. I agree _Zurich Insurance_ ruled
that ambiguity is not a pre-requisite for looking at the context, however the
Court of Appeal did not suggest that a party could bring in contextual
evidence without limitation. On the contrary, the Court of Appeal was very
careful to lay down quite a few restrictions and limitations, especially given
the provisions in the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1990 and 1997 Ed). The Court of
Appeal also said a first and foremost consideration was the essence and
attributes of the document being examined. This was repeated very recently in
_Master Marine AS v Labroy Offshore Ltd and others_ [2012] SGCA 27 at [34].
Where it is a standard form for commercial circulation, as this DV undoubtedly
was (and was used frequently by TKSP and others in their dealings with
insurers in Singapore), the courts would usually be more restrained in their
examination of the context as there is a need for contractual certainty. The
Court of Appeal was careful to say in _Zurich Insurance_ that extrinsic
evidence must be used to explain or illuminate the written words and not to
contradict or vary them. The words of the DV were clear and unambiguous and
with a meaning that was plain and fixed. The key phrases used there – ‘full
and final settlement’, ‘fully discharged’ and ‘claims I have/may have’ – are
in their internal and external context intrinsically clear. Further, they have
been construed consistently, upheld time and again and have acquired a certain
meaning in law. Through long usage and judicial endorsement, there is no
penumbra as the light is now sharply focussed in one bright circle of light,
and solicitors, acting on the instructions of other parties, like insurers or
assignees of limited rights, ignore the interests of the true litigant or
insured at their peril.

28 “The law loves compromise” wrote Lord Bingham LCJ in the foreword to the
4th Edition (1996) of David Foskett, _The Law and Practice of Compromise._
There are good public policy reasons for this. It cuts down the number of
trials and saves valuable court time. In the foreword to the 1st Edition
(1980) of that same book, Lord Lane, LCJ wrote: “If it were not that a high
proportion of cases are compromised long before they reach court, the
administration of justice would soon grind to a halt; the courts would be
overwhelmed by the volume of work.” For the parties, it avoids the expense of
litigation, the expenditure of non-productive time and the anxiety, risk and
uncertainty inherent in a trial. To encourage this process, the offer-to-
settle procedure in O 22A, Rules of Court (Cap.322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) was
introduced some time ago to complement existing machinery like payment into
court and _Calderbank_ letters. Today, in aid of the same aims, alternative
methods of dispute resolution are encouraged and supported. The overarching
principle is that litigation should be the last resort. The law therefore
encourages settlements and upholds compromises. As Mummery LJ stated in
_Dattani_ at 241: “The law, in its promotion of finality and certainty in
dispute resolution, loathes litigation about compromises.” However, as
experience shows, disputes over compromises do occur and in such cases the
courts have to deal with it. But, on the facts and circumstances here, this
is, by far, not such a case.

29 This is not a case of a lay person being misled into signing something, see
_eg_ , _Saunders v Ford Motor Company Ltd_ [1970] 1 LIL.R 379, or signing
something she did not understand or signing a document in a language she was
unfamiliar with. There was no claim for _non est factum_. There was also no
claim of a lack of authority by the workshop’s Ms Liew to sign the DV. I
accordingly was of the view that Mdm Lim, by giving Ms Liew authority to sign
the DV on her behalf, was bound by her signature on the DV and by its plain
and unambiguous terms. Any subjective understanding that only the property
damage claim was compromised “cannot have been relevant and admissible
evidence, in the absence of any plea of mistake or rectification”; see _Capon
v Evans_ (1986) CAT 413.

Conclusion

30 For the reasons given above, I allowed the appeal and set aside the
judgment below and the order for assessment of damages for the personal
injury. I also entered judgment for the Appellant.

31 I also set aside the order of costs below. My understanding of [29] and
[30] of the learned DJ’s Grounds of Decision was that he had awarded costs to
Mdm Lim but reserved quantum therefor to the deputy registrar hearing the
assessment. I order costs here and below to the Appellant, who was the
defendant at first instance, to be agreed, and if not agreed, to be taxed.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal, Vol. 1, pg 8, 10 and 11.

[note: 2]RA, Vol 1, p 139.

[note: 3]RA, Vol 1, p 17.

[note: 4]RA, Vol 1, p 18.

[note: 5]RA, Vol 1, p18.

[note: 6]RA, Vol 1, p 19.

[note: 7]RA, Vol 1, p 139.

[note: 8]RA, Vol 1, p 139.

[note: 9]RA, Vol 1, p 44 (Notes of Evidence, 8 August 2011, p 23).

[note: 10]RA, Vol 1, p 133.

[note: 11]RA, Vol 1, p 136.

[note: 12]RA, Vol 1, p 36 (Notes of Evidence, 8 August 2011, p 15).

[note: 13]Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”), pp 42-43.

[note: 14]ABD, p 44.

[note: 15]RA, Vol 1, pp 35 – 39 (Notes of Evidence, 8 August 2011, pp 15-18).

[note: 16]RA, Vol 1, p 47 (Notes of Evidence, 8 August 2011, p 26).

[note: 17]RA, Vol 1, pp 44 – 45 (Notes of Evidence, 8 August 2011, pp 23-24).

[note: 18]RA, Vol 1, pp 41 – 42 (Notes of Evidence, 8 August 2011, pp 20 –
21).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

