Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  ATT _v_ ATS  
[2012] SGCA 22

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 51 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Prabhakaran s/o Narayan Nair (Derrick Wong & Lim BC LLP)
for the appellant; Koh Tien Hua/ Lim Sok Hui Gina (Harry Elias Partnership
LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  ATT — ATS  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 213.]

3 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court in _ATS v ATT_
[2011] SGHC 213 (“the GD”) on the issues of division of matrimonial assets and
maintenance of the respondent (“the Wife”) and their children. The Judge
ordered a “property swap” between the appellant (“the Husband”) and the
respondent, _viz_ , for each party to take one of the properties in Singapore,
as an expedient means of achieving categorical equivalence between the parties
(see [37] of the GD). The Husband was also ordered to pay a monthly
maintenance of $8400 (_ie_ , a global sum for the maintenance of the Wife and
their children) to the Wife (see [48] of the GD). At the conclusion of the
hearing, we partially allowed the Husband’s appeal by awarding him 55% of the
matrimonial assets in question, with no change to the maintenance sum awarded
to the Wife and the children. We now give the reasons for our decision.

Background facts

2 The couple were married on 19 January 1994 and had three children (presently
17, 13 and 9 years old) before the Wife filed for divorce on 16 July 2009, on
the ground of irretrievable breakdown due to the fact that the Husband had
behaved in such a way that the Wife could not reasonably be expected to live
with him under s 95(3)_(b)_ of the Women’s Charter ((Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) as
amended by S 42/2005) (“Women’s Charter”)[note: 1]. We pause to note that the
wording of the relevant provisions of the governing statute of the present
appeal and that of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) are the same.
The Wife had worked as a quantity surveyor and building manager until 1999
when she became a full-time homemaker.[note: 2] She was thereafter financially
dependent on the Husband, who was the Managing Director of his family owned
company, [OO] Pte Ltd (“OO”).[note: 3]

3 Over the course of their marriage, the couple held three immovable
properties as joint tenants,[note: 4] the distribution of which constituted
the crux of this appeal. These consisted of the [DDD] property, a semi-
detached house worth about $2.85m (“DDD”); the [MMM] property, an apartment
which was valued at approximately $1.85m (“MMM”); and a Malaysian property in
Port Dickson (“the Malaysian property”) with an agreed value of $32,866.46
(collectively “the three immovable properties”). The Husband also made two
other real estate investments under his own name – the first was at Queen
Astrid Park (“the Queen Astrid Park property”), which he bought with two
friends and subsequently sold at a profit. His share of the proceeds thereof
was then used to fund, _inter alia_ , his purchase of a 20% share in a
property at One Jervois (“the One Jervois property”).[note: 5]

4 The interim judgment for divorce was granted by the Family Court on 6
October 2009. Following this, as the value of the matrimonial assets clearly
exceeded $1.5 million, the hearing of ancillary matters was transferred to the
High Court which stretched over 5 separate days.

5 The Wife’s position on the division of matrimonial assets underwent a
process of piecemeal refinement. Initially, she asked broadly for a just and
equitable share of the matrimonial assets.[note: 6] During the second hearing
on 16 September 2010, she mooted a “property swap” proposal in which MMM would
go to her and DDD to the Husband. At this stage, the Wife contended that the
Malaysian property should be sold and the proceeds evenly divided. She also
staked a claim of 30% over the Husband’s profits from his investment in the
Queen Astrid Park property and 30% over the One Jervois property (based on
100% ownership by the Husband absent any documentary evidence to support his
claim that he holds only 20% thereunder).[note: 7] On 30 November 2010, she
clarified her position in relation to MMM, offering to take over its
outstanding mortgage loan so long as the Husband’s Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”) contributions (and any accrued interest thereon) need not be refunded
by her. In return, she was prepared to give up her claims to DDD, the
investment proceeds of the Queen Astrid Park property, the sale proceeds of
the One Jervois property, but still wanted 30% of the moneys in the Husband’s
bank accounts.[note: 8] Her final proposal, confirmed on 22 February 2011, was
that she would forego her claims to DDD and all of the Husband’s ancillary
assets in exchange for MMM. The outstanding mortgage on MMM would also be
borne by her, but the Husband would have to rely on his own resources to
refund into his CPF account any moneys (including accrued interest thereon)
taken out from that account to pay for the purchase of MMM. Beyond this, each
party was to retain all assets and CPF moneys held in their sole names.[note:
9]

6 The Husband’s position throughout was that MMM should be sold, with the
balance of proceeds divided 70:30 in his favour. All the other assets were to
be divided 80:20, also in his favour.[note: 10] It was agreed that they should
have joint custody of the three children, with care and control to the Wife
and reasonable access by the Husband.[note: 11]

The decision below

7 The Judge was of the view that the Wife’s proposal for a “property swap”
(see [5] above) constituted a just and equitable distribution of the
matrimonial assets, and ordered the titles of DDD and MMM, along with any
existing liabilities, to be transferred to the Husband and Wife respectively
(see at [37] – [38] of the GD). Both parties were also to close all joint
investment and bank accounts, with no distribution of moneys left in those
accounts, if any. We pause here to observe that the wording of the order
relating to the joint investment and bank accounts just mentioned may appear
strange – why should there be no division of whatever remained? This was
because the net balance of these accounts was in the negative (see [7] of the
GD). Apart from this, each party was to retain assets held in his or her
respective sole names (see [2] of the GD).

8 In reaching this conclusion, the learned Judge made the following
significant findings of fact and rulings:

(a) The Husband failed to make full and frank disclosure of his income (see
[9] of the GD);

(b) The Husband’s losses in foreign exchange trading (“Forex trading”) were
his alone to bear, and no part of the $700,000 loan (which was secured against
DDD) taken out to indemnify those Forex losses should be borne by the Wife
(see [23] of the GD); and

(c) The Wife’s contributions to the Husband’s business [PP] (“PP”), could be
traced into capital repayments on the outstanding loan which was taken out to
acquire MMM (see [31] of the GD).

Division of the matrimonial assets

Principles governing appellate intervention on division of matrimonial assets

9 The principles governing appellate intervention of the decision of the High
Court on the question of division of matrimonial assets were restated in _Yeo
Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy_ _and another appeal_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 (“ _Yeo
Chong Lin_ ”) at [80] as follows:

In order for this court to disturb the division ordered by the Judge of 35:65
in favour of the Husband, it must be shown that the Judge had erred in law or
had clearly exercised her discretion wrongly or had taken into account
irrelevant considerations or had failed to take into account relevant
considerations: see _Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 at [46].

Whether the Judge below had taken into account irrelevant considerations or
had failed to take into account relevant considerations in determining the
division of matrimonial assets

10 As stated in [8] above, the Judge held that the Husband’s Forex trading
losses or outstanding liabilities under the $700,000 loan (secured against
DDD) should not be borne by the Wife and thus taken into account for the
purposes of determining the pool of matrimonial assets. She reasoned at [23]
of the GD:

The Wife was a homemaker since 1999 and was financially dependent on the
Husband. As the Husband was the sole breadwinner, it fell on the Husband to
take on the financial responsibility of taking care of the needs of the family
and household as well as to finance the purchases that now represent the bulk
of the assets. I did not think that upon termination of the marriage, the
family arrangement that had prevailed over the last 15 years should suddenly
change in such a way as to make the Wife pay for her share of the investment
losses sustained during the marriage.

11 With respect, we were of the view that the Judge had erred on this point.
While it was true that during the currency of the marriage, the Husband bore
the financial burden of the family, we were unable to see why that fact should
mean that losses suffered by the Husband in his business venture should be
disregarded (and his alone to bear) in determining the pool of matrimonial
assets to be divided between the parties. The approach taken by the Judge did
not seem to accord with fairness or justice. A marriage is in part an economic
union in which each spouse’s financial well-being is entwined with the other.
Just as gains are shared, so should the losses. It cannot be the case that
appreciating assets fall to be divided as part of the common pool whilst
depreciating assets or liabilities incurred in seeking to enhance the wealth
of the family are attributed entirely to the investing spouse. Adopting such a
stance would unfairly penalize the breadwinning party for every financial loss
incurred. The present case illustrated this.

12 For example, in relation to the Husband’s investment in the Queen Astrid
Park property, it was not disputed that part of the investment profits was
ploughed back into capital repayments on MMM.[note: 12] This was a gain which
the Wife benefited from even though it came from the Husband’s investment
venture. Further, it was not really in dispute that the $700,000 loan taken
out on the security of DDD was to meet the Husband’s Forex losses and that the
Wife had also signed the relevant loan documentation.[note: 13] There was no
basis to treat the mortgage loan taken out to meet the Husband’s investment
losses differently from a mortgage repayment made by the Husband which was
derived from his other investment gains. This was not only wrong in principle
but also internally inconsistent and incongruous with the practical realities
of marriage. It also detracted from the notion of marriage as a “partnership”
wherein the differing contributions of each party are counted to their common
credit. The passive spouse must take the good as well as the bad, unless that
spouse can show that the losses were not incurred _bona fide_ or for some
other good reasons should not be treated as a loss of the family. Had the
Husband’s Forex trading activities yielded a profit, we had no doubt that the
Wife would be claiming her share and, of course, rightly so. As such, we held
that the Judge was mistaken in holding that the $700,000 loan on DDD was to be
borne solely by the Husband.

13 There was another factual point which seemed to have impacted upon the
Judge’s decision and on which we had some reservations. This concerned the
Wife’s role in the two businesses of the family, PP and [QQ] (“QQ”). The Judge
seemed to hold that the Wife had contributed significantly to these two
businesses, such that her interest could be traced into profits made by these
businesses, which in turn were channeled into capital repayments on MMM (see
[31] of the GD). In this way, the Wife had further contributed to the assets
of the family. It is well established, following _Koh Kim Lan Angela v Choong_
_Kian Haw and another appeal_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 491,(“ _Koh Kim Lan Angela”_),
that business assets of the family or of either spouse could constitute
matrimonial assets which are liable to be divided (see [6] – [7], [24] and
[29] of _Koh Kim Lan Angela_). However, it was the Wife’s own admission that
the Husband “called the shots”, and her role was restricted primarily to
issuing cheques and cash upon his instructions.[note: 14] She went so far as
to say that she was “merely a puppet to him”.[note: 15] In other words, PP and
QQ were substantively managed and operated by the Husband, in contrast with
the Wife’s nominal participation. The Wife’s contributions to the companies’
businesses were therefore much more limited. As such, although some funds of
the businesses, which no longer existed at the time of the hearing of
ancillary matters, were channelled towards the repayment of MMM, those funds
were essentially generated from the efforts of the Husband with only minor
contributions from the Wife. Thus, her contributions to the acquisition of MMM
were really confined to the approximately $110,326.35[note: 16] taken out from
her CPF as well as her role as the homemaker.

The lack of an express ratio for the division of matrimonial assets between
the Husband and the Wife

14 It is almost hackneyed to say that the division of matrimonial assets
following a failed marriage under s 112 of the Women’s Charter is not an exact
science. While s 112(2) of the Women’s Charter sets out a list of factors
which the court must take into account in making the division, and here we
would note that there is some overlap as well as possible conflict in those
factors, a wide discretion still remains with the court in determining what is
just and equitable in the circumstances of each case. A broad-brush is the
appropriate approach and is typically adopted (see _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim
Heng_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 260 at [14] and _Yeo Chong Lin_ at [78]). However, such
an approach cannot be so heuristic as to become indeterminate, leaving lawyers
without any meaningful guidelines with which to advise their clients.

15 Ordinarily, in this exercise, the first step is to delineate what exactly
constitutes the pool of matrimonial assets. This is a necessary preliminary to
the exercise of the court's matrimonial jurisdiction: the court should know
what are to be divided. Once this is done, the value of the pool should then
be assessed so that the court’s deliberations can be made with reference to a
working quantum. The court will then consider all the circumstances of the
case, including but not limited to the factors listed in s 112(2) of the
Women’s Charter, particularly the direct financial contributions as well as
the indirect non-financial contributions of each party, and thereby determine
what is the just and equitable proportion. Having gone through this exercise,
it may then proceed to ascertain the most expedient means of physically
executing the division in that proportion. It should be emphasized that this
does not represent a hard and fast procedure which the court must adhere to in
every case involving the division of matrimonial assets, even where it would
be manifestly iniquitous or inconvenient to do so. However, it would be
desirable for the court to bear these steps in mind as it goes through the
exercise of making a just and equitable division.

16 The present appeal centered on the distribution of the couple’s three
immovable properties. The crux of the Husband’s appeal against the High
Court’s division of assets was that it left him with a disproportionately
small share of the matrimonial property. He contended that a more just and
equitable order would be for all three immovable properties to be transferred
to him, while the Wife should receive only $400,000 from the MMM sale
proceeds.[note: 17] As mentioned in [5] – [6] above, the Husband’s position
before the High Court was wider in scope as compared to the Wife’s,
encompassing all of the couple’s joint and personal assets. However, having
regard to the stand of the parties, the Judge felt that effectively only the
three immovable properties were the bone of contention. The Judge did not say,
bearing in mind the financial and non-financial contributions of the parties
towards the acquisition of these assets, what would be the proper division of
those assets. Neither did she indicate in value terms how much each party
would obtain from such a division in the form of a “property swap”. Of course,
the Judge also allowed each party to retain the money which was then in his or
her CPF account.

17 On the basis of the Judge’s division of the three immovable properties, the
Husband was given (in value terms) only approximately 42% and the Wife
58%.[note: 18] It would be recalled that in purchasing MMM, both parties
withdrew moneys from their respective CPF accounts to pay for the same and
that the Judge had, in allowing the Wife to retain MMM, also ordered the
Husband to reimburse his CPF account in respect of the moneys taken therefrom
to pay for the same (amounting to approximately $429,500,[note: 19] inclusive
of accrued interest). If this were taken into account, it would mean (in
percentage terms) that the Husband only obtained 28 % of the total value of
the three immovable properties. We found that this demonstrated the inequity
of the division, bearing in mind that most of the direct financial
contributions came from the Husband, although a sum of about $110,326.35 was
taken from the Wife’s CPF to pay for MMM and the Wife did help the Husband in
attending to some simple administration of the two businesses, PP and QQ.

The appropriate proportion of the parties’ respective share over the
matrimonial assets

Precedents for the division of matrimonial assets

18 The precedents in similar cases involving moderately lengthy marriages
reveal that – save in exceptional cases – the homemaker wife usually receives
between 35 – 40% of the matrimonial assets. For example, in _ZD v ZE &
another_ [2008] SGHC 225, the wife in a 17 year marriage was awarded 35% of
the matrimonial assets. There were also certain prominent similarities between
that case and the present, _viz_ , there were three children over whom the
wife was granted care and control; she had worked in the husband’s companies
doing accounts; and her direct contributions were low (_ie_ , 6%). The husband
was often absent from home. On appeal, the wife was awarded 40% of the
matrimonial assets.[note: 20]

19 In _MZ v NA_ [2006] SGDC 96 (“ _MZ v NA_ ”), the District Court awarded the
homemaker wife of an 18 year marriage 45% of the common assets. She had care
and control of the two children, helped her husband with administrative
aspects of his work, and directly contributed towards 10% of the family home.
Further, as with the present appeal, the husband had travelled frequently due
to work commitments. The District Court’s decision was subsequently upheld by
the High Court (see _MZ v NA_ [2006] SGHC 95).

20 In _Koh Bee Choo v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 (“ _Koh Bee Choo_ ”) the
Court of Appeal upheld the High Court’s award of 50% of the matrimonial assets
to the homemaker wife of a 20 year marriage, stressing that she had
sufficiently demonstrated that her contributions as a homemaker warranted an
equal division:

51 In the present appeal, we are fully aware that the Wife has made an
important contribution to the family in her role as a homemaker over a long
period of time. The record, in fact, shows that the parties’ children excelled
in their academic and extra-curricular activities. Thus, even if she was
unemployed for most of the marriage, did not assist in the Husband’s business
and made no financial contribution to the purchase of the various matrimonial
assets, she is clearly entitled to a significant share of the assets.

21 In _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“ _Lock Yeng
Fun”_), the Court of Appeal ordered an equal division in recognition of the
extraordinary contributions of the homemaker wife, who had also amassed more
matrimonial assets than the husband through her investments (see [38] and [41]
of _Lock Yeng Fun_). The parties had been married for almost 30 years and had
two adult children. We would emphasize that this was a much longer marriage
than that of the present appeal.

22 In the recent decision of _Yeo Chong Lin_ which involved a 49 year
marriage, where the wife’s contributions were entirely in the domestic sphere
and where the pool of matrimonial assets was large, the High Court’s award of
only 35% to the wife was upheld on appeal by this court (at [83] of _Yeo Chong
Lin_).

23 Viewing the decision of the Judge in the light of these precedents, which
are no doubt only guides, it appeared to us that the “property swap” order
made by the Judge which allowed the Wife to retain MMM and required the
Husband to reimburse his CPF account in the sum of approximately $429,500
(inclusive of interest) was too generous in favour of the Wife. We have (at
[17] above) set out what the Judge’s order amounted to in percentage terms.
This was only a 15 year marriage. Moreover, we could not see any basis to say
that the Wife’s indirect contributions to the home and family exceeded the
Husband’s input as the sole breadwinner. There was no evidence to suggest that
the Wife had gone beyond what would normally be expected of her in maintaining
the home and caring for the children. Moreover, the Wife had only been an
exclusive homemaker for the past 10 years (reckoning up to interim judgment),
and did not deny that the Husband shared in some of the parenting duties.
Finally, she contributed to only 11.7% of the purchase price of MMM.[note: 21]
Other than the moneys in each party’s CPF account, the three immovable
properties were really the bulk of their assets. On the back of these
considerations, we were of the view that the Wife’s share of the three
immovable properties as ordered by the Judge was excessive and should be
reduced. In the result, we reassessed the parties’ contributions in order to
determine the just and equitable division.

Whether an adverse inference should be drawn against the Husband

24 In this regard, we noted and agreed with the Judge’s observation that the
documentary inconsistencies in relation to the Husband’s sources of income
pointed towards a failure to make full and frank disclosure (see [9] of the
GD). It is now a matter of trite law, following the decision in _Wee Ah Lian v
Teo Siak Weng_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 347 (at [55]), that a party’s failure to fulfil
the duty of full and fair disclosure may lead the court to draw adverse
inferences against him. In _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743, the Court of Appeal
held (at [59], [61] – [62]) that in drawing such an inference, the presiding
court may elect to either add a specific sum of the undeclared asset to the
matrimonial pool for division or order a higher proportion of the known assets
to the other party. This approach was subsequently reiterated in _Yeo Chong
Lin_ (at [65]). We agreed with the Judge that an adverse inference should be
drawn against the Husband in this instance, and it should reduce the
proportion of the assets he would otherwise be entitled to. Taking into
account this factor, as well as the considerations set out in [23] above, we
were of the view that a just and equitable division of the three immovable
properties, excluding the refunds to be made to each parties’ CPF account,
would be 55:45 in favour of the Husband. We were comforted that the result of
this division would not be significantly different (in terms of ratio) had the
other assets under their separate names (including funds in their respective
CPF accounts) been added to what each party would receive under the present
55:45 division.

The impact of the en bloc sale of MMM

25 We should, at this juncture, add that there was a twist in the development
of this case after the Husband had filed his Notice of Appeal on 18 April
2011. On 4 August 2011, an Order for Collective Sale of MMM was made.[note:
22] MMM was sold for $2.8m at the _en bloc_ sale, giving the Wife a _windfall_
of about $1m, as the net value of MMM at the time of the hearing of ancillary
matters was estimated at $1.74m. This begged the question as to whether such a
subsequent change in the value of a matrimonial asset could _ipso facto_
constitute a ground for a successful appeal. It should be emphasized, however,
that the determination of this issue was not strictly necessary for the
resolution of the present appeal as we did not think that the “property swap”
order of the Judge was just and equitable. We noted that counsel for both
parties agreed that if in fact the division below was correct, then the _en
bloc_ sale should not have any sway on this court. In our opinion, there was
patently good sense in this. If the “property swap” order made by the Judge in
this case were held to be just and equitable and had been affirmed by us, we
do not see any basis to review the division on account of subsequent changes
in the valuation of the asset in question. Especially in a volatile market
where prices do move up and down fairly rapidly, there should be certainty and
finality. The party who, under the order on division of matrimonial assets, is
given an immovable property would have to take it subject to all risks or
vagaries of the market. Otherwise, it would only encourage re-litigation at
the appeal stage. Thus, unless there are special circumstances or compelling
reasons, the mere change in value of an asset between the date of the
ancillary orders and that of the hearing of the appeal _per se_ should not be
a ground to revisit the division made by the court below.

Our decision on the division of the matrimonial assets

26 In the light of our decision that the three immovable properties should be
divided in the ratio of 55:45 in favour of the Husband, the order of the Judge
awarding MMM to the Wife had to be set aside. As MMM was part of the
matrimonial assets, _a fortiori_ , the proceeds accruing from the _en bloc_
sale of MMM should similarly be part of the matrimonial assets.

Maintenance of the Wife and their children

27 The Husband had been ordered to pay maintenance to the Wife in respect of
herself and the three children in the sum of $8,400 each month, with $2,500
being for her personal expenses, $900 for the expenses of the children, and
$5,000 for household expenses (see [48] of the GD). The Wife had sought a
monthly sum of $10,300 as maintenance for herself and the children (see [39]
of the GD), but this _was deemed_ excessive by the Judge.

28 It was the Husband’s contention that the Judge had failed to take into
account the Wife’s earning capacity. Indeed, no mention of the Wife’s future
earning capacity was alluded to in the GD. It was clearly set out in _Quek Lee
Tiam v Ho Kim Swee (alias Ho Kian Guan)_ [1995] SGHC 23 (at [22]) and
reiterated in _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75 (at [11]) that the Wife should
“exert herself, [to] secure a gainful employment, and earn as much as
reasonably possible.” However, it seemed to us that even if considerations
were given by the Judge as to the Wife’s potential future earnings, it would
probably have made an insignificant difference in the maintenance sum ordered,
at least for the near to middle term. While the Wife is a diploma-holder in
her 40’s, she has care and control of three school-going children, especially
the two younger ones who are aged 13 and 9. Moreover, the Wife has been out of
the job market for some 13 years, making it unrealistic or impractical to
expect her to immediately pick up from where she left off before she became a
homemaker, even with the assistance of a maid. In any event, the Husband’s
submission on the issue of maintenance was also hampered by the adverse
inference which had been drawn against him due to _his_ failure to fully
disclose his true earning capacity (see [24] above). All matters considered,
including the needs of the Wife and the children and the capacity of the
Husband to pay, we were not minded to disturb the sum awarded by the Judge as
maintenance.

Conclusion

29 For the reasons above, the appeal of the Husband was partly allowed in so
far as it concerned the division of the three immovable assets. We directed
that the three immovable properties were to be valued as of 6 February 2012,
after deducting any outstanding loans as well as the parties’ original CPF
contributions (plus accrued interest) which would have to be refunded to their
respective CPF accounts. We nevertheless left the parties free to agree as to
how the three immovable properties were to be allocated or sold, subject to
the caveat that the CPF moneys taken by the parties from their respective
accounts to pay for the three immovable properties (plus accrued interest)
shall be excluded in determining their respective entitlements under the 55:45
division.

30 We ordered each party to bear its own costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Statement of Claim for Divorce filed on 16 July 2009.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Case at para 8(iii).

[note: 3]Respondent’s Case at para 8(iii) and the Appellant’s case at para 3.

[note: 4]Appellant’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters hearing filed on 10
December 2009 at pp 4 – 9.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ at p 8 and p 25.

[note: 6]Respondent’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters hearing filed on 29
December 2009 at p 16.

[note: 7]The GD at [14].

[note: 8]_Ibid_ at [15].

[note: 9]_Ibid_ at [16].

[note: 10]_Ibid at_[11] and [12].

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at [1].

[note: 12]Appellant’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters hearing filed on 10
December 2009 at p 25.

[note: 13]Appellant’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters hearing filed on 25 May
2010 at pp 146 – 151.

[note: 14]Respondent’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters hearing filed on 29
December 2009 at p 13.

[note: 15]Respondent’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters hearing filed on 10
March 2010 at p 18.

[note: 16]The GD at [24].

[note: 17]Appellant’s Case at pp 67 – 68.

[note: 18]This computation is based on the respective net value of DDD ($
1,246, 782.85), MMM ($1,741,323.98) and the Malaysian property ($ 32,866.46),
as per Annex A to the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 19]Annex A to the Appellant’s Case.

[note: 20]Civil Appeal No. 152 of 2008 (unreported).

[note: 21]This is computed on the basis of her CPF contribution ($110,326.35)
towards the purchase price of MMM ($943,000).

[note: 22]Appellant’s Case at p 15.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

