Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd _v_ Starwood Hotels & Resorts
Worldwide, Inc and another  
[2012] SGHC 204

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 679 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Prithipal Singh (instructed) and Denise Mirandah
(Mirandah Law LLP) for the plaintiff; Elaine Tan (Amica Law LLC) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  STAYWELL HOSPITALITY GROUP PTY LTD — STARWOOD HOTELS & RESORTS
WORLDWIDE, INC — SHERATON INTERNATIONAL INC  
  
9 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

1 This trademark appeal pits an Australian hotel operator against two
connected hotel operators based in the United States. The Australian
appellant, Staywell Hospitality Group Pty Ltd (“Staywell”), owns and operates
24 hotels, mainly in Australia and New Zealand. The American respondents,
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc (“Starwood”) and its subsidiary,
Sheraton International Inc (“Sheraton”), own and operate more than 900 hotels
worldwide. The dispute here involves the “ST. REGIS” trademark belonging to
Sheraton and the
“![](data:image/png;base64,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)trademark
belonging to Staywell.

2 Staywell operates two hotel brands – Park Regis and Leisure Inn. The first
Park Regis hotel was opened in Sydney in 1972 and that hotel has been operated
under the Park Regis banner continuously since then. Staywell opened a hotel
in Singapore in 2010 called Park Regis Singapore and operates it as a 4-star
business hotel.

3 As for the “St. Regis” brand of hotels, there are currently 17 hotels
bearing this brand throughout the world. The first St. Regis hotel was opened
in New York in 1902. The brand is marketed as a luxury brand with excellence
and sophistication and the Opponents claim that it is highly regarded
worldwide as an exclusive and luxury name. In Singapore, the brand is attached
to a hotel called The St. Regis Singapore which opened officially in April
2008.

Background to the appeal

4 On 3 March 2008, Staywell applied to register the trademark
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
in a series of two marks (“the Application Mark”) in Singapore under Singapore
Trade Mark No T08/02642I in Classes 35 and 43. Class 35 deals with
advertising, marketing, promotion and publicity services; business management,
business administration, office functions and provision of office facilities,
among other things. Class 43 basically deals with providing hotel services and
other services related to or connected with the hospitality industry. The
difference between the two marks in the series is that in the first mark, the
device is coloured black whereas in the second, it is coloured royal purple.

5 Staywell’s application was published on 7 May 2008 for opposition purposes.
On 8 September 2008, Sheraton and Starwood filed a notice of opposition to
oppose the registration of the Application Mark. In the opposition and before
me, Sheraton and Starwood took a joint stand and therefore when dealing with
them jointly, I shall refer to them as the “Opponents”.

6 In Singapore, Sheraton is the registered proprietor of the ST. REGIS
trademark in various classes. In four of these classes, namely 41, 42 (the
predecessor of the current class 43), 36 and 37, the trademark is the simple
word mark “ST. REGIS”. In other classes, Sheraton is the owner of a device
which has no words but includes the capital letters “S” and “T” in an
intertwined format. For the purpose of this judgment, I shall refer to
Sheraton’s trademarks in classes 41, 42, 36 and 37 as “the Opponents’ Mark”.
These trade marks were registered on various dates well before 3 March 2008.

7 The Opponents relied on ss 8(2)(b), 8(4)(a) read with (b)(i), 8(4)(a) read
with (b)(ii), 7(4)(b) and 7(6) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed)
(“the Act”) as their grounds of opposition to the registration of the
Application Mark.

8 After evidence was filed by both parties, the hearing took place before the
Principal Assistant Registrar of Trade Marks (“the PAR”) on various dates in
2011. The PAR delivered her decision on 19 July 2011. The PAR held as follows:

(a) The Opponents had failed to discharge their burden of proof that the
Singapore public had goodwill attaching to the St. Regis Hotel Singapore and
therefore the ground of opposition under passing off (s 8(7)(a) of the Act)
failed.

(b) On the ground of opposition under s 8(2)(b), the Application Mark and the
Opponents’ Mark were on the whole similar, and the services of Staywell and
the Opponents were similar, and taking into account all the surrounding
circumstances, there was a real likelihood of confusion amongst the public as
to the source of Staywell’s services if the Application Mark was allowed to
proceed to registration. Therefore, the opposition under s 8(2)(b) was
successful.

(c) On the ground of opposition under s 8(4)(a) read with (b)(i), the
Opponents’ Mark was well known in Singapore as at 3 March 2008, the date of
the Staywell application, and as the Application Mark and the Opponents’ Mark
were similar, there was a likelihood of confusion and it was likely that
potential customers would be misled into thinking that Staywell’s services
originated from the Opponents or that there was some connection between the
two parties. Therefore, this ground of opposition was successful.

(d) On the ground of opposition under s 8(4)(a) read with (b)(ii), the
Opponents’ Marks were not well known to the public at large because the PAR
was not convinced that they were known to the general public let alone most
sectors of the public and the Opponents had not submitted concrete evidence to
prove that their marks were recognised by most sectors of the public. As such,
this ground of opposition failed.

(e) On the grounds of opposition under s 7(6) and s 7(4), both these grounds
failed. First, the Opponents had not been able to establish bad faith on the
part of Staywell in applying for the registration of the Application Mark in
Singapore. Secondly, s 7(4) did not apply at all to the situation in this
case.

9 Staywell has appealed against the decision of the PAR on s 8(2)(b) and on s
8(4). The Opponents lodged a cross appeal in respect of the PAR’s decision to
reject the opposition under s 8(7)(a) of the Act. Staywell also appealed in
respect of certain decisions that the PAR made regarding the admissibility of
two sets of documents, one adduced by Staywell and the other adduced by the
Opponents. I will deal with the various appeals in turn.

Appeal in relation to s 8(2)(b) of the Act

10 Section 8(2)(b) provides as follows:

A trade mark shall not be registered if because –

(a)...

(b)it is similar to an earlier trade mark and is to be registered for goods or
services identical with or similar to those for which the earlier trade mark
is protected

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

11 Therefore, for the registration of the Application Mark to be denied, it
must be established that:

(a) The Application Mark is similar to the earlier marks _viz_ the Opponents’
Mark;

(b) The Application Mark is to be registered for services identical or similar
to those for which the Opponents’ Mark is protected; and

(c) There exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public because
of the above.

Are the marks similar?

12 The authorities have established that there are three aspects of similarity
to be considered in relation to competing marks: aural, visual and conceptual.
In this case, the PAR found that the Application Mark and the Opponents’ Marks
were not similar visually, but were similar aurally and in concept. Her
finding on the visual dissimilarity is not contested by either party but
Staywell does not accept that the marks are otherwise similar.

13 Staywell’s submission is that the marks are conceptually dissimilar as
“PARK REGIS” denotes a wide open space while “ST. REGIS” denotes a person and
that they are also aurally dissimilar because the first word of each mark is
different and is pronounced quite differently from the other. The Opponents’
case is that the marks are aurally and conceptually similar as the dominant
feature in the Opponents’ Mark is “REGIS” and not “ST. REGIS” and that REGIS
is a distinctive word unlike PARK or SAINT and therefore the Application Mark
has wholly incorporated the distinctive component of the Opponents’ Mark.

14 In _Ozone Community Corp v Advance Magazine Publishers Inc_ [2010] SGHC 16
(“ _Ozone_ ”), the court articulated a two-stage test in the determination of
similarity between a trademark and a sign. The first stage was to determine to
what extent the three aspects of similarity enumerated above had been met and
the second stage was to enquire as to the distinctiveness of the trademark in
question because the distinctiveness of the trademark is an important factor
in the inquiry into the similarity between the marks under s 8(2)(b) of the
Act (see _Ozone_ at [67]). The court there observed that the PAR had erred in
failing to consider the level of distinctiveness of the trademark in his
inquiry into the similarity between the mark and the sign under consideration.

15 In the earlier case of _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store
Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 (“ _Polo_ ”), the Court of Appeal considered the
issue of distinctiveness before it went on to discuss whether the marks and
signs involved there were similar.

16 The question arises as to which step should be taken first. I have adopted
different approaches in different cases. In _Doctor’s Associates Inc v Lim Eng
Wah Trading as Subway Niche_ [2012] SGHC 84, I followed the order established
in _Ozone_ but in _Intuition Publishing Ltd v Intuition Consulting Pte Ltd_
[2012] SGHC 149 (“ _Intuition_ ”), I adopted the approach taken in _Polo_.
This was because the Court of Appeal in _Polo_ had indicated (at [10]) that a
more distinct mark generally receives greater protection and on the facts
before me in _Intuition_ , this was helpful in determining how many
differences there should be between the allegedly infringing sign and the
registered mark to make the sign different from the mark. I do not think that
there is any specific way of implementing the two-step test. Which step is
adopted first must depend on the circumstances of the particular case and the
assessor’s determination as to which method would be more helpful in the
analysis before him. The only point to be remembered is that both steps should
be undertaken as distinctiveness would affect the global assessment of
similarity.

17 In this case, I will adopt the order followed in _Polo_ case since the
Opponents have emphasised the distinctiveness of the word REGIS as being
pivotal in the determination of aural and conceptual similarity of the
Application Mark and the Opponents’ Mark.

18 Concerning the distinctiveness of a word mark, the _Polo_ judgment noted
(at [23]) that some marks are inherently distinctive because they consist of
inventive words and that where common words are included in a registered mark,
the court should be wary of granting a monopoly in their use. Further, alleged
distinctiveness must be acquired through use. In the present case, the
Opponents contend that the word “REGIS” is inventive and fanciful when used
for hotel services as it is in no way descriptive of the hotel on offer. It is
a randomly chosen word which distinguishes the Opponents’ hotels from others.
Although Staywell had argued that “REGIS” is a common name and “Saint Regis”
may be a historical person who had been elevated to sainthood, the marks had
to be considered in the light of the services for which they were registered.
The choice of ST. REGIS or “REGIS” for a commercial hotel was entirely random.

19 From the evidence, the word “regis” has various applications. In Latin, it
means “of the king” and although it is not an English word it is related to
other Latin words which are well known in English such as “regina” and “rex”.
It is also the name of a catholic saint, one St. John Regis, who lived in
France in the 16th Century. The word “regis” has been used as the first name
of a number of notable, though not world famous, people. It is also used as a
surname and a place name in England and Germany. Despite all the examples of
its use that have been given to me by Staywell, however, I cannot conclude
that it is a common place word in English such as “intuition” or “glamour” for
example. It is also irrefutable that the word is not descriptive of and does
not connote the hospitality industry or hotel services in any way.

20 In _CDL Hotels International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd_ [1998] SGCA 23
(“ _CDL Hotels_ ”), the Court of Appeal had to consider whether the word
“Millenia” was a distinctive one. The court said (at [68]) that whether a word
is distinctive is a matter of degree and that the more descriptive it is the
less distinctive it tends to be. The more fanciful the word, the easier it is
to establish distinctiveness. In the case of “Millenia” as applied to a hotel,
the Court of Appeal agreed that it lay somewhere in the middle, perhaps closer
to being highly fanciful rather than obviously descriptive. In the present
case, “regis” is not a common word used in the hotel industry and is therefore
unlike “Glamour” in _Ozone_ which was a word that magazines and printed
materials commonly used. Staywell’s evidence was that “Regis” is a distinctive
surname and place name. Thus, in relation to hotels, it would be somewhat
distinctive. However, being a surname, a place name and a personal name, it is
not as distinctive as an inventive word like “Volvo”. It follows that a great
number of distinguishing elements need not be added for the marks to be
dissimilar. Nevertheless, it is distinctive enough that a higher threshold for
dissimilarity would apply than that used in _Ozone_ where the court had to
determine the similarity of the marks “HYSTERIC GLAMOUR” and “GLAMOUR”.
Although the Opponents emphasised the word “REGIS”, the registered mark is
“ST. REGIS” and the Opponents’ Mark must be looked at as a whole in comparison
with the Application Mark as a whole _ie_ “PARK REGIS”. However, even taking
the whole of the mark “ST. REGIS”, that name when applied to a hotel is as
fanciful as “Regis” on its own since a saint is not generally associated with
a hotel of any sort, let alone a luxurious one. Thus, the addition of “St.”
does not change the mark’s place on the scale of distinctiveness.

21 Moving on to the similarities between the marks, as stated, visual
dissimilarity had been found by the PAR and was not disputed on appeal. The
PAR found that the marks were similar aurally because, with imperfect
recollection, members of the public are likely to hear “Regis” as the dominant
word when either mark is read out. Staywell submitted that there was
dissimilarity in this respect as well. In the Application Mark, the words
“PARK” and “REGIS” would be read and pronounced as two separate and distinct
words and for the Opponents’ Mark, the words “ST.” and “REGIS” would be read
as two separate and distinct words. The target customers of the St. Regis
hotel are the rich who are likely to be educated and such customers would be
able to appreciate the difference between “PARK REGIS” and “ST. REGIS”. It
argued that a consumer of the Opponents’ services would certainly understand
that the Application Mark is “PARK REGIS” while the Opponents’ Mark is “ST.
REGIS”.

22 There are aural dissimilarities in the marks. Each mark consists of two
separate words and each of those two separate words would be read and
pronounced as separate and distinct elements. The situation is somewhat akin
to that in _Ozone_ where the court had to deal with the addition of the word
“hysteric” to the word “glamour”. The judge observed at [56] that:

[I]t must be borne in mind that Ozone’s word mark starts with the entirely
separate word “hysteric” preceding the word “glamour”. Also, Ozone’s HYSTERIC
GLAMOUR word mark would be read and pronounced as two separate and distinct
words, in the order of “hysteric” and “glamour”. AMP’s GLAMOUR word mark, on
the other hand, would be read as a single word.

23 Whilst this is not a case of a single word versus two separate words, the
observation that words are read and pronounced as separate and distinct
elements is equally applicable. The words “Park” and “Saint” are separate
words heard as a distinct element additional to the word “Regis”. The PAR
pointed out, in the context of discussing aural similarity at [55], that there
were many other place names which contained the prefix “St”, such as “St James
Power Station”, and the prefix “St” would not be striking. This does not mean,
however, that the prefix “St” would not be pronounced or aurally remembered.
Even taking into account imperfect recollection, the mark “ST. REGIS” would
not be pronounced “Regis” anymore than “St James Power Station” is pronounced
“James Power Station” or “St Joseph’s Institution” is pronounced “Joseph’s
Institution”. Similarly, the word “Park” would not easily be dropped from the
mark “PARK REGIS”, in the same way that “the Goodwood Park Hotel” is not
referenced as “the Goodwood Hotel”. The fact that the words “Park” and “Saint”
are commonly used in place names actually eliminates the risk that “careless
pronunciation and speech” would result in dropping the prefixes from an aural
rendering of the marks.

24 Having said that, however, it remains the case that the second word element
of each mark is the same name and that name is an unusual one in the context
of Singapore. Therefore persons enunciating both marks may pay more attention
to the second distinctive word in each mark rather than to the more common
first word even though they do give that first word its due pronunciation. In
this respect, there would be some, perhaps slight, degree of aural similarity
between the marks.

25 Next, conceptual similarity. The PAR found that there was conceptual
similarity. Staywell argued that this finding was wrong and that the marks
were conceptually dissimilar as the name “ST. REGIS” conjures up the picture
of the historical figure, St John Regis, while the word “PARK REGIS” brings to
mind the idea of an open space or park. The Opponents submitted that there was
no reason to interfere with the PAR’s approach in this regard.

26 The argument that the name “ST. REGIS” conjures up the historical figure St
John Regis is far-fetched as he is not a well known saint or personage in
Singapore. Singaporeans who know about The St. Regis Singapore would probably
conjure up that hotel when hearing these words but those who are unfamiliar
with the hotel and simply hear the words “ST. REGIS” without the appendage
“hotel” are likely to think that it signifies a person who is a Catholic saint
even though they have never heard of him before. Therefore, the Opponents’
Mark used on its own would import the notion of a saintly person. The concept
behind “PARK REGIS” is less certain. While the common meaning of the word
“Park” is “a large public garden in a town, used for recreation” (see _Concise
Oxford Dictionary_ , 11th Ed (revised) 2008), when this word is used in
Singapore as part of a name it can refer to an actual park or a building or
shopping centre or a condominium or even a hotel. To quote some examples from
Singapore, it can be part of the name of a hotel (_eg_ Park Sheraton), a road
(_eg_ Parklane), a shopping centre (_eg_ Park Mall or People’s Park), a
condominium (_eg_ Ardmore Park) or a green recreational space (_eg_ Pasir Ris
Park or Fort Canning Park). Persons hearing or reading the mark “PARK REGIS”
would probably not think that it refers to a city park. Rather, “park” being a
common word used in a variety of ways, they are likely to think that it refers
to some place without being able to specify a particular type of place. Thus,
conceptually, “ST. REGIS” as a whole and “PARK REGIS” as a whole are not
close.

27 However, there is some force to the Opponents’ submission that since “St”
and “Park” are very common words, persons who come across them in conjunction
with the word “Regis” are more likely to be struck by “Regis” and remember it
rather than the common prefixes “St” and “Park”. “Regis” therefore adds
distinctiveness to both marks. Although both “rex” and “regina” are Latin
words, people who are familiar with English may be aware that they mean king
and queen respectively in Latin and such people would therefore likely
associate “Regis” with royalty as well. They may think therefore that both
“PARK REGIS” and “ST. REGIS” have something to do with royalty.

28 It should be noted here that both Staywell and the Opponents have tried to
emphasise a connection with royalty/royal treatment in relation to their
hotels. The device which Staywell uses in the Application Mark before the
words is a stylised fleur-de-lis symbol which is reminiscent of French royalty
and, as stated above (at [4]), the device in one of the marks in the series is
coloured royal purple which is a colour associated with royalty in some
societies. In advertisements for “ST. REGIS” brand hotels which appeared in
magazine articles, there were references to royalty or the royal treatment at
those hotels. Further, the device used by the St. Regis Hotel group is
designed to look like a crest, with similarly elaborate lettering reminiscent
of royal opulence. Therefore, both marks employ the concept of royalty or
aristocracy pictorially and aurally and they imply class, status and luxury.
In this way, at least, the marks are conceptually similar.

29 I have accepted above that because of the word “Regis” the Opponents’ mark
“ST. REGIS” is fairly distinctive and that a higher threshold for
dissimilarity should be applied to it. In _Ozone_ , the court found that
because the marks were visually and aurally dissimilar and the word “glamour”
was merely descriptive, conceptual similarity did not make the marks similar.
This followed the orthodox approach that conceptual similarity is “not
overriding or determinative”; see _McDonald’s Corp v Future Enterprises Pte
Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 652 at [44] (_McDonald’s_), quoted with approval at [59]
of _Ozone_. However, given that “Regis” is more than merely descriptive, this
may not be the appropriate approach to take here. It was further observed in
_Ozone_ , at [61], that:

[T]he relative importance of each type of similarity must necessarily vary
with the circumstances in hand, in particular the goods and the types of mark
being compared… To adopt an overly generalised and restrictive principle that
conceptual similarity is _only_ relevant to determining similarity between
marks when either visual or aural similarity has been made out would be to
ignore the fact that each aspect of similarity can vary in different degrees
_vis-à-vis_ each other depending on the circumstances, and trade-offs are
entirely possible between the three aspects of similarity – for example,
conceptual similarity can offset visual and aural dissimilarities.

[emphasis original]

The fact that the word “glamour” was merely descriptive and not distinctive
was a controlling factor in the _Ozone_ court’s finding that conceptual
similarity did not offset visual and aural dissimilarities (see [73]). As
“Regis” is a more distinctive word, in this case, I consider that the fact
that in some respects the marks are conceptually and aurally similar should
offset the visual dissimilarity and the fact that some people might not
perceive such aural and conceptual similarities because of unfamiliarity with
the Latin meaning of the word “regis”. This has been a difficult balancing
exercise, but I have come to the conclusion that, in the global assessment,
the marks are similar.

Are the services similar?

30 In my judgment, there is no doubt that the services provided by Staywell
and the Opponents are similar. This was the conclusion of the PAR as well.

31 Staywell argued that since the Opponents’ mark is not registered in class
35, it cannot be the provision of a similar service and is an unwarranted
expansion. Class 35 covers the following:

Advertising, marketing, promotion and publicity services; business management;
business administration; office functions; provision of office facilities;
administration of the business affairs of retail stores; advisory, information
and consultancy services relating to all the aforesaid; all the aforesaid
services also provided on-line from a computer database or via the global
communications network.

32 The relevance of the opposition to registration in Class 35 is limited
because the services covered by that class are not the main services provided
by Staywell as part of the Park Regis hotel business. Regardless of the choice
to challenge the mark in Class 35, both marks are registered in Class 43,
which covers the following:

Services for providing food and drink; temporary accommodation; hotel
services; resort hotel services; hotel accommodation services; hotel catering
services; hotel reservation services; hotel restaurant services; provision of
hotel venues for business exhibitions, business fairs, conferences,
congresses, lectures and meetings; providing facilities [accommodation] for
conducting conferences, conventions, exhibitions, fairs and holidays; rental
of meeting rooms; hospitality services [accommodation]; hospitality suites
[provision of accommodation, food or drink]; holiday information and planning
relating to accommodation; inn keeping [bar, restaurant and accommodation];
restaurants; cafes; bar and catering services; advisory, information and
consultancy services relating to all the aforesaid; all the aforesaid services
also provided on-line from a computer database or via the global
communications network.

33 It is not disputed that Class 43 is the primary business of both parties.
The dichotomy between Staywell’s Class 35 and Class 43 services is false. The
PAR rightly observed at [63] of her judgment that “the intention of Staywell
is to go into a business complementary to their hotel services”. It is
difficult to imagine, and Staywell made no submissions on, what its Class 35
business would look like if it was severed from its hotel services. As a
consequence, I agree with the PAR that these services cannot be separated.

34 Staywell further contended that the services provided by its hotel group
are different from those provided by the Opponents because it specialises in
4-star hotel services, and the St. Regis hotel brand is a 6-star brand. It
contended that neither brand would appear in each other’s search categories,
and therefore the products were dissimilar. While the target clientele of a
Park Regis hotel is different from that of a St. Regis hotel, it does not
follow that the services are dissimilar. Their registration in the same
category establishes a _prima facie_ case for similarity. Lai Kew Chai J who
was the first instance judge in _Polo_ stated at [33] of his judgment (see
[2005] 4 SLR(R) 816) (“ _Polo (HC_ ” _)_), “it would be a very rare case, if
ever, that a defendant could claim that its products, if listed in the same
classification as the plaintiff’s, were not similar.” Lai J went on to observe
in the same passage that the considerations of price, design and quality of
the goods went to the likelihood of confusion, and not the similarity of goods
and services. This issue was not appealed in _Polo_.

35 While _Polo_ was a decision on s 27 of the Act, the criteria under s 27 and
s 8 are substantially the same, and are two different routes to getting the
same result (_ie_ exclusive rights to the mark). Staywell’s argument in the
present case is a replay of the defendant’s argument in _Polo_ ; the
difference between a 4-star and 6-star brand is one of price and quality but
does not go towards the nature of the services provided. This is relevant to
the enquiry on confusion, and not on the similarity of services. There is
therefore no need to apply the test in _British Sugar Plc v James Robertson &
Sons Ltd_ [1997] ETMR 118 (“ _British Sugar_ ”).

Is there a likelihood of confusion?

36 The likelihood of confusion must be looked at globally, taking into account
all the circumstances including (_Polo_ at [28]):

(a) The closeness of the services;

(b) The impression given by the marks;

(c) The possibility of imperfect recollection;

(d) The risk that the public might believe that the services come from the
same source or economically-linked sources;

(e) The steps taken by the applicant to differentiate the services from those
of the opponent; and

(f) The kind of customer who would be likely to buy the services of the
applicant and opponent.

The closeness of the goods and services

37 Staywell’s argument is essentially that Park Regis Singapore is a hotel for
the down-to-earth traveller wanting a convenient place to stay but not
necessarily craving the luxury that The St. Regis Singapore provides. This is
an overstatement. As observed earlier, both Park Regis Singapore and The St.
Regis Singapore draw on the idea of royalty and luxury. Park Regis Singapore
is not a budget hotel built for the backpacker. In its pre-opening promotional
material, it was described as “an unbeatable choice for both business and
leisure”, with “impressive facilities… and brand new, highly modern furniture
and fittings”. Other Park Regis properties are sold as “offering guests luxury
and comfort” and “your ideal ‘home away from home’”. Park Regis Singapore
provides the same goods and services as The St. Regis Singapore for the
discerning traveller – comfortable and well-appointed hotel rooms, facilities
such as a swimming pool and gymnasium, convention halls, and dining facilities
– all the while drawing on the concept of luxury and comfort. Park Regis
Singapore is a business hotel targeting the lower end of the same business
traveller category as The St. Regis Singapore; it is not a qualitatively
different good or service.

The impression given by the marks

38 The impression given by the marks taken as a whole is determined by the
dominant concept: that of royal or luxurious treatment. However, the marks are
visually dissimilar and these differences would at least raise some questions
as to whether they originated from the same source. The marks are displayed
prominently on both websites, and printed on the towels, stationary and
coasters in the rooms of the respective hotels. The marks are also displayed
in the hotel lobbies. Thus, the impression given is likely to be mixed.

The possibility of imperfect recollection

39 It is difficult to ascertain what the recollection of the average customer
would be – whether he would remember the “ST. REGIS” and “PARK REGIS” marks
conceptually, or whether he would remember the marks visually and aurally. The
possibility of imperfect recollection does not take us very far.

The risk that the public might believe that the goods come from the same
source or economically-linked sources

40 What is relevant in this enquiry is how both hotels are marketed, and
whether there is likelihood of confusion when customers or potential customers
book a room in either of these hotels.

41 As a preliminary point, I agree with the holding of the PAR on the
inadmissibility of the letters from travel agents that Staywell sought to
introduce as part of the evidence regarding confusion. These letters each
contain a confirmation from the agent writing it that they had never witnessed
any confusion in the travel and tourism market between the PARK REGIS and the
ST. REGIS brands. These letters are not statutory declarations; they are
letters of unverified origin put forward to prove the truth of the statements
within them, _ie_ , that the St. Regis and Park Regis hotels are not easily
confused. The application of the hearsay rule means that such evidence has to
be excluded; see _Soon Peck Wah v Woon Che Chye_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 430.

42 It was observed in _Polo (HC)_ that trading circumstances are important for
this analysis. Customers may book a hotel room in four ways:

(a) _Booking through the website_ : The websites are completely different. The
website of Park Regis Singapore is a simply formatted website on a green
background, with the marks “PARK REGIS” and “LEISUREINN” displayed at the top
left hand corner, and alternating every few seconds. The mark “Staywell
Hospitality Group” is also prominently displayed at the top right hand corner.
The website is simply designed with a few hyperlinks to a video on the hotel,
Staywell’s loyalty and discount programmes, and their email address, with
other information in basic font. At the bottom of the page, there is a
reference to the Staywell Hospitality Group and clicking on this takes the
customer to details of other hotels in the group. The website of The St. Regis
Singapore has a black background and presents a much more sophisticated image.
At the bottom of each page, the mark “Starwood Preferred Guest”, and the names
of the other hotels owned by Starwood and the other hotel brands operated by
the Opponents are displayed. The cover page provides little practical
information about the hotel, and instead piques the visitor’s interest with
captions such as “the Address of Luxury”, “Epicurean Voyages” and “the Art of
Living”, in gold type. The mark “ST. REGIS” is displayed at the top right hand
corner. It would be clear to the reasonable and discerning customer booking
online, that these are not economically linked entities, and that they belong
to different groups. It is worth emphasising that a reasonable customer
looking at the lists of related hotels in either site would notice that there
is no reference to the other. This omission is particularly significant in the
case of the Park Regis Singapore site since the operators of a 4-star hotel
would definitely advertise any association they had with a 6-star hotel brand.

(b) _Booking through travel agent_ : When this method is used, whilst there
may be some confusion because there would be no opportunity for the would-be
customers to see the marks, such confusion can be easily cleared up since the
travel agents would be knowledgeable about the attributes of each hotel and
would be able to explain the different category each belongs to and that one
is not connected with the other.

(c) _Telephone bookings_ : Telephone bookings also do not give customers the
opportunity to see the mark. There is a greater likelihood of confusion for
those who book over the telephone since they would be dealing with staff of
the hotel rather than an independent agent who would ask questions to
determine the identity of the hotel required.

(d) _Walk-ins_ : the “PARK REGIS” and “ST. REGIS” marks are prominently
displayed on both the hotel buildings and in the lobbies. There would be less
likelihood of confusion when guests walk into the hotel, see the different
standards of decor and can be immediately disabused of their earlier
misconceived notions, if any.

43 No statistics have been adduced as to which is the most popular method of
booking. Starwood has, however, adduced evidence showing a large spike in the
number of page views in Singapore for both its St. Regis hotel site, and its
Starwood hotels site from 2007 to 2008. There are no statistics for 2009-2012.
In the modern world, it is likely that many would-be guests of the respective
hotels would use either the internet or a travel agent to make their bookings.
Unless guests book over the telephone, it would appear that there is little
scope for confusion. This is not a case like _Reckitt & Colman Products Ltd
and Borden Inc and Others_ [1990] 1 WLR 491, where the label was readily
detachable from the product and customers were likely to associate the brand
with the product packaging. The marks in the present case cannot readily be
detached from the hotel itself. Even if a guest booked over the telephone, any
confusion is likely to be dispelled when he checks in.

44 The Opponents’ contentions regarding the likelihood of confusion were based
more on arguments than on evidence. They did not submit survey results showing
a likelihood of confusion which was not “merely speculative or hypothetical”;
see _Polo (HC)_ at [22]. The situation in the present case is not unlike the
situation faced by Belinda Ang J in _MacDonald’s_. She observed at [61] that:

No survey was carried out. The arguments are founded on nothing more than mere
speculative use of the “caused to wonder” test Lord Upjohn warned against in “
_Bali” Trade Mark_.

The lack of survey evidence was clearly a factor in the Judge’s mind in
finding no likelihood of confusion. In other cases where likelihood of
confusion has been found, survey evidence has been adduced (_eg Clinique_ ,
where survey results showed that 46% of people surveyed were confused).

45 The evidence in the present case is sparse. The Opponents rely on three
isolated incidents of confusion: a magazine article attributing the St. Regis
property to Staywell Hospitality Group, a Tripadvisor website review from a
guest who connected the Park Regis Hotel with “the Regis Brand”, and a guest
who had stayed in the Park Regis Hotel in Sydney and asked whether it was part
of “the St. Regis Group”. It is impossible to tell from these pieces of
evidence, whether the confusion was caused by the similarity between the marks
and goods, or whether it resulted from other factors which ought not to be
taken into account (_eg_ a mere typo in the magazine article which had
confused the St. Regis and Park Regis properties); see _Polo (HC)_ at [23].
Moreover, out of the three instances of confusion, one was a query which could
have easily been answered by a quick internet search. The PAR rightly
observed, at [68] of her judgment, that the evidence raised by the Opponents
was “from an unidentifiable source and the nature of such internet entries is
that it makes such evidence, even if admissible, not very reliable”.

46 The Opponents’ submission that a Park Regis hotel would be seen as a ST.
REGIS hotel near a park is also not persuasive. The _CDL Hotels_ ’ case is of
little help to the Opponents. The addition of the word “Millenia” was found,
at [83], to be a distinguishing mark which set apart that particular Ritz-
Carlton Hotel from the normal standards of the Ritz-Carlton. The present case
is different. The Opponents’ other ST. REGIS properties have not dropped the
prefix “St.”. These properties include the St. Regis Residence Club Aspen, the
St. Regis Aspen Resort, the St. Regis Grand, the St. Regis Punta Mita, and the
Grand Hotel St. Regis. The prefix “ST.” is clearly an integral part of the
brand “ST. REGIS”. “REGIS” is not a distinguishing mark which qualifies the
brand in the same way that “Millenia” set apart the Ritz-Carlton Millenia
Singapore in _CDL Hotels_.

The steps taken by the Applicant to differentiate the goods from those of the
Opponent

47 The prominent display of the “Staywell Hospitality Group” mark on Park
Regis Singapore’s website, the attempt to classify the hotel as a 4-star hotel
in a different category from The St. Regis Singapore, and the marketing of
Park Regis Singapore as a business rather than as a luxury hotel (deliberately
differentiating it from the Park Regis Piermonde), are all steps taken by
Staywell to differentiate their goods and to reduce confusion.

The kind of customer who would be likely to buy the goods of the applicant and
opponent

48 It is not possible to state categorically that only rich Singaporeans would
patronise The St. Regis Singapore while Park Regis Singapore would cater to
the middle income guest. People who would not regard themselves as rich may on
occasion treat themselves by patronising The St. Regis Singapore. This does
not mean, however, that the choice would be made because they are confused.
The average Singaporean consumer is “not an unthinking person in a hurry but …
someone who would exercise some care and good sense in making his purchases”;
_Polo_ at [34]. This would particularly be the case with discerning guests who
choose The St. Regis Singapore because of its exclusivity and reputation for
luxury. Given that ST. REGIS hotels are not cheap hotels, potential guests are
likely to either do a quick internet search or seek clarification from the
travel agent or hotel before making their booking, and this would suffice to
dispel any confusion.

Conclusion on s 8(2)(b) of the Act

49 Having considered all the factors, I have come to the conclusion that the
marks are not likely to be confused, despite the fact that I have found that
they are similar. Accordingly, I reverse the PAR’s findings on s 8(2)(b) of
the Act.

Section 8(4) of the Act

50 The relevant portions of s 8(4) of the Act for the purposes of this part of
Staywell’s appeal are the body of the section and ss (a) and (b)(i). These
provisions read as follows:

(4) Subject to subsection (5), where an application for registration of a
trademark is made on or after 1st July 2004, if the whole or an essential part
of the trade mark is identical with or similar to an earlier trade mark, the
later trade mark shall not be registered if –

(a) The earlier trade mark is well known in Singapore; and

…

(b) The use of the later trade mark in relation to the goods and services for
which the later trade mark is sought to be registered –

(i) would indicate a connection between those goods and services and the
proprietor of the earlier trade mark, and is likely to damage the interests of
the proprietor of the earlier trademark.

51 The PAR found that the Opponents’ Mark was well known in Singapore as of 3
March 2008 when Staywell sought to register the Application Mark. She also
held that the use of the Application Mark would lead to a real likelihood that
the interests of the Opponents would be damaged because potential customers
would be misled into thinking that Staywell’s services originated from the
Opponents or that there was some connection between the two parties.

Is the “St. Regis” mark a well-known mark connected to the unique “St. Regis”
brand?

52 The definition of a well known trade mark is set out in s 2(1)(a) of the
Act, and is “any registered trade mark that is well known in Singapore”. This
is subject to the deeming provision in s 2(8) of the Act, which reads:

Where it is determined that a trade mark is well known to any relevant sector
of the public in Singapore, the trade mark shall be deemed to be well known in
Singapore.

53 What a well-known trademark is was considered in _Novelty Pte Ltd v
Amanresorts Ltd and another_ [2009] SGCA 13 (“ _Amanresorts_ ”) in the context
of s 55 of the Act. The wording of s 55(3) is almost identical to that of s
8(4). The only difference is that s 8 entitles the party who successfully
pleads it to remove a mark from the register, while s 55 entitles the same
party to get an injunction against the proprietor of the offending mark
regardless of whether it is registered. The Court of Appeal considered the
intention of the legislature to “give better protection [to] well-known
marks”, and concluded that the relevant sector of the population was the
actual and/or potential consumers of the opponent’s goods and services, and
not the actual and/or potential consumers of the type of goods and services to
which the opposing mark applied. In construing s 2(8), the Court of Appeal
added the following caveats:

(a) The additional protection granted to a well-known trademark is not very
extensive as compared to the protection granted to ordinary trademarks (see
[147]);

(b) The likelihood of confusion between the marks and its accompanying goods
and services must still be proved, and the fact that a good or service is only
known in a niche market may make proving the likelihood of confusion more
difficult (see [148]); and

(c) The requisite level of knowledge of the mark should tend towards the
higher end of the scale to qualify for protection as a well-known mark (see
[149]).

54 On the basis of the holdings of the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ , the
ST. REGIS mark would be a well-known trademark if at the material time it was
well-known to the actual and/or potential client base of The St. Regis
Singapore.

55 To establish that The St. Regis Singapore was well-known to its actual or
potential client base in Singapore, the Opponents relied on, _inter alia_ , a
statutory declaration from one Michael Dojlidko who is employed by Starwood.
Mr Dojlidko stated that Starwood’s customer loyalty programme, which covered
the St. Regis hotels worldwide, had more than 30,000 Singaporean members as of
2007. The number of visitors in Singapore to the St. Regis website was 690,941
in 2008. Further, the Opponents referred to and produced numerous newspaper
and magazine articles, available in Singapore, about the ST. REGIS brand and
its hotel in Singapore. This evidence was not effectively disputed by
Staywell, except for a throwaway line in its written submissions asserting,
without explaining, that “the [Opponents] have not adduced any evidence that
they are well-known for the earlier mark ‘ST. REGIS’ in Singapore.” The
evidence substantiates the PAR’s finding that the requisite level of knowledge
was high enough to qualify the Opponents’ Mark as a well-known trademark.

Is the “PARK REGIS” mark similar or identical to the “ST. REGIS” mark?

56 I have already found at [29] above that the marks are similar.

Does this similarity indicate a connection between Staywell’s and the
Opponents’ hotels?

57 This question is another way of asking whether there is a likelihood of
confusion. Considering this question in the context of s 55(3)(a) in
_Amanresorts_ , the Court of Appeal held, at [233], that:

[T]he widespread availability of protection to trade marks which are “well
known in Singapore” should be balanced by interpreting s55(3)(a) of the
current TMA as requiring a likelihood of confusion to be shown before an
injunction to restrain the use of the defendant’s trade mark on (_inter alia_)
goods or services dissimilar to those of the plaintiff can be obtained.

Section 55(3)(a) of the Act is identical to s 8(4)(b)(i), save that the latter
has the additional words “of the earlier trademark” as it specifically allows
proprietors of marks which have been registered earlier in time to oppose the
entry of similar or identical marks subsequently sought to be registered. It
may be argued that the availability of an injunction under s 55(3)(a)
necessitates a stricter test than for s 8(4)(b)(i). However, the removal of
Staywell’s trademark from the register is no less draconian than an injunction
to prevent its use. Once the Application Mark is deprived of the protection
accruing to a registered trademark, the Opponents can easily prevent the use
of the mark. Section 55(3)(a) fulfils the same substantive aims as s 8(4)(a),
and the Court of Appeal’s findings in _Amanresorts_ therefore apply to the
present case.

58 I have held above (at [49]) that there is no real possibility of confusion.
The fact that “ST. REGIS” is a well-known mark does not affect this analysis.
The difference between s 8(2) and s 8(4)(b)(i) is that the former requires
that both marks be tied to similar goods and services, while the latter allows
a proprietor of an earlier mark to prevent registration of a later mark _even
though_ the goods and services offered by the later mark are _dissimilar_. The
additional protection granted to a well-known mark is thus not much more
extensive than that granted to a normal mark. The fact that “ST. REGIS” is a
well-known mark clearly does not a warrant a relaxation of the test of
likelihood of confusion. This additional avenue is of little use to the
Opponents where there is no likelihood of confusion.

Is there a likelihood of damage to the “St. Regis” brand from use of the “Park
Regis” mark?

59 Given that there is no likelihood of confusion, the question of likelihood
of damage is moot. In any event, it appears to me that there is no real
likelihood of damage to the “ST. REGIS” brand from use of the “PARK REGIS”
mark. _Even if_ the hotels were perceived to be economically linked, it is
clear from the marketing of both hotels that Park Regis Singapore is pitched
at a class or two below The St. Regis Singapore. The standards expected of
Park Regis Singapore would accordingly be lower. The fact that this hotel does
not offer luxury services such as a Bentley limousine pick-up from the airport
would not cause damage to the “ST. REGIS” brand. The Opponents’ argument that
being associated with the 3 to 4 star Park Regis hotel group affects their
reputation for luxury is not persuasive.

60 It may be thought that there is damage as allowing registration of the
Application Mark may prevent Starwood from expanding into the 3 to 4 star
hotel segment under the “ST. REGIS” brand to capture more market share. This
was found to be an acceptable head of damage in _Amanresorts_ (at [121]). The
present case is, however, distinguishable from _Amanresorts_. In _Amanresorts_
, not only did the respondents plead that allowing the appellant to use the
name “Amanusa” for its condominium project would prejudice their commercial
plans to expand into residential development, it was also shown that they were
already involved in that field. There is no indication here that the Opponents
have any intention of moving the ST. REGIS brand into a different market
segment. In fact, all of the hotels in the Starwood Group under this brand are
luxury hotels above the 3 to 4 star range. There is thus no basis for finding
that the Opponents will suffer damage because their future commercial
expansion has been prejudiced.

61 In the circumstances, I have concluded that the PAR’s findings on s 8(4)(a)
should be reversed.

Section 8(7)(a) of the Act

62 I now turn to deal with the Opponents’ cross appeal against the PAR’s
findings in respect of their opposition to the Application Mark on the basis
of s 8(7)(a) of the Act.

63 Section 8(7)(a) reads:

A trademark shall not be registered if, or to the extent that, its use in
Singapore is liable to be prevented –

(a) by virtue of any rule of law (in particular, the law of passing off)
protecting an unregistered trade mark or other sign used in the course of
trade.

64 Under the law of passing off, three elements must be established by the
Opponents in order to obtain the protection of this section. First, they must
show that goodwill for the Opponents’ Mark existed in Singapore as at 3 March
2008, the application date for the Application Mark. Second, they must show
that there was a misrepresentation by Starwood to the public which led, or is
likely to lead, the public to believe that Staywell’s services are those of
the Opponents. Finally, they must establish a likelihood of damage to the ST.
REGIS brand; see _Millenia_ at [86].

65 The PAR found that there was no goodwill in Singapore as at the application
date because at that date, there was no St. Regis hotel in Singapore. The
Opponents’ Mark may have had a reputation here at that time but the PAR
pointed out (at [36] of her decision) that goodwill is different from
reputation and whilst goodwill may have attached to the Opponents overseas, on
that date, there was no goodwill in Singapore.

Was there goodwill for the “ST. REGIS” brand in Singapore?

66 There is no dispute that the relevant date for assessment of the Opponents’
goodwill in Singapore is 3 March 2008. The St. Regis Singapore officially
opened on 20 April 2008. The Opponents argue that there was a substantial
amount of pre-opening advertising and this established goodwill before the
relevant date. They rely on _CDL Hotels_.

67 Goodwill has been defined as “the attractive force which brings in custom”;
see _The Commissioners of Inland Revenue v Muller & Co’s Margarine, Limited_
[1901] AC 217 (“ _IRC v Muller_ ”) at 224. There are two elements. First, the
brand name must exude an attractive force. Second, this attractive force must
bring in custom.

68 In the present case, as the PAR also pointed out, what is important is not
whether the brand name is attractive and well-known but also whether it has
actually brought in custom. On this basis, _CDL Hotels_ was decided in very
different circumstances. The relevant date in that case was 17 October 1995.
The evidence of “business activities which had gone into full swing and which
generated considerable income for the respondents” (see [61] of the _CDL
Hotels_ judgment) was as follows:

(a) The topping up ceremony of the Ritz-Carlton Millenia Singapore (“RCMS”) on
17 October 1994;

(b) Pre-opening sales and marketing campaign since December 1994;

(c) First room reservation at the RCMS in April 1995; and

(d) The topping up ceremony for Millenia Tower on 17 April 1995, celebrating
(_inter alia_) that 50% of the floor space of Millenia Tower had already been
let.

69 There was custom for the respondents in _CDL Hotels_. The filling of 50% of
the floor space of the Millenia Tower was essential because the development
was a mixed one, with a large part of its income generated from its tenants.
It is also significant that there was evidence of room reservations by the
relevant date. In contrast, the pre-opening activity in the present case had
not reached this level by the relevant date of 3 March 2008.

70 The Opponents rely on the following:

(a) ST. REGIS brand’s international reputation and the total net revenue
earned by the Opponents for bookings at all their hotels worldwide in 2007 and
2008;

(b) The advertising and promotion of the “ST. REGIS” name or marks in travel
magazines, publications and television advertisements, as well as through the
Starwood Preferred Guests Programme (“SPG Programme”) in which 30,000
Singaporeans were enrolled. These advertisements announced that the hotel was
opening in December 2007;

(c) The acceptance of hotel guests from 22 December 2007, and perhaps even
earlier;

(d) The securing of restaurant tenants within the property by 22 December
2007;

(e) Holding a much-publicised job fair to hire hotel staff; and

(f) Purchases of units in the St. Regis Residences, a block of apartments
flanking the hotel.

The items listed above do not, in my judgment, assist the Opponents a great
deal. For starters, the item listed in sub-para (a) is too broad and does not
indicate the attractive force of The St. Regis Singapore. Second, item (b)
consisted of advertisements and therefore indicated marketing efforts rather
than evidencing actual income or custom. I elaborate further below but I have
come to the conclusion that, on balance, the activities undertaken by the
Opponents prior to April 2008 were not significant enough to fall within the
exception created by _CDL Hotels_.

St. Regis Brand’s international reputation and total global revenue

71 Goodwill is territorial, and the fact that the St. Regis Group had custom
globally does not help the Opponents. There is no breakdown showing which
parts of this revenue were earned in Singapore. The Opponents did not provide
figures for the actual earnings of their hotel in Singapore alone for the
period from the soft launch until 3 March 2008. Moreover, reputation is not
enough to establish goodwill. The Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_ at [62]
found that:

A _desire_ to become a customer of the plaintiff, without the _ability_ to
actually be one, cannot ordinarily form the basis of goodwill… In such a case,
the plaintiff can be described as having a good _reputation_ among such
persons… but this is _not_ the same as having _goodwill_.

[emphasis original]

Advertising and promotion of the St. Regis marks

72 It may be argued, by analogy to _Amanresorts_ , that the custom of
Singaporeans in other St. Regis hotels worldwide under the SPG Programme is
sufficient to establish goodwill. This case is, however, again distinguishable
from _Amanresorts_. First, the goodwill sought to be established here is
specifically for The St. Regis Singapore, while the goodwill sought to be
established in the _Amanresorts_ case was for the Amanusa resort in Bali. At
the time the competing mark in _Amanresorts_ was set up, there had already
been 1,382 customers from Singapore who had stayed in Amanusa Bali (see [14]).
By contrast, the customers gained from the Opponents’ SPG Programme were for
different hotels, _albeit_ within the same group. While the SPG Programme is
mentioned in the statutory declaration, there is no mention of whether advance
bookings for The St. Regis Singapore were possible through this programme. The
advertisements included the address, phone number and email address of The St.
Regis Singapore, but there is no direct evidence from the hotel staff that The
St. Regis Singapore was accepting reservations at the time these
advertisements were put up. Second, in _Amanresorts_ , the Amanresorts Group’s
corporate headquarters and international reservations office were in Singapore
and took 30-40% of all reservations and inquiries from Singapore. There is no
evidence that The St. Regis Singapore was doing the same.

73 Nor is it persuasive that there have been many visitors from a Singaporean
IP address to St. Regis’s website. The real spike in web traffic occurred in
2008, when the number of visitors jumped from 187,868 to 690,941. There is no
indication of how much of this traffic happened prior to early March 2008. It
is also worth noting the observations of the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_
(at [54]) in relation to the probative value of such websites:

[T]he Respondents’ website… has received “millions of hits”… - but we do not
know where or from whom. Without such information, we would place little
weight on the existence of the Respondents’ “Aman” websites in assessing the
degree of exposure of the “Aman” names locally.

The acceptance of hotel guests

74 The evidence adduced for such acceptance is inadmissible. The evidence
includes a newspaper article published on 23 December 2007 reporting that the
hotel “has been receiving enquiries and bookings”, a magazine article
reporting that a Japanese couple had confirmed their reservation at The St.
Regis Singapore for January 2008, and another article in November 2007 that
stated “Go to stregis.com/Singapore to make your booking.” The Opponents
intend to use these statements to prove the truth of their contents. This use
falls afoul of the hearsay rule. Reliance on such hearsay evidence was
somewhat surprising as the Opponents must have had access to staff and records
of The St. Regis Singapore and could have used the same to back up their
assertions.

75 Section 108 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, Rev Ed 1997) states that “when any
fact is especially within the knowledge of any person, the burden of proving
that fact is upon him.” The Opponents have not discharged their burden of
proof relating to the hotel’s bookings and income between December 2007 and
early March 2008. Further, there were no records to show whether the hotel
guests who were allegedly accepted from 22 December 2007 were customers from
Singapore rather than from other parts of the world who may have been
attracted by the St. Regis Group generally rather than by the Singapore hotel
itself. In fact, the Japanese honeymooners, the only guests identified as
having made a booking in July 2007 for January 2008, were most probably from
Japan and not from Singapore. There was no evidence that they in fact utilised
the booking after the hotel opened.

The securing of restaurant tenants

76 Unlike in _CDL Hotels_ , where a substantial part of the development was a
retail tower, the restaurants in The St. Regis Singapore are ancillary to its
primary business of providing accommodation and convention services. The
custom The St. Regis Singapore needs to attract in order to establish goodwill
comprises room reservations and convention bookings, _not_ tenants.

Job fair to hire hotel staff

77 The activity in _CDL Hotels_ was revenue generating, thus allowing the
Court to draw the conclusion that its business activities had fully commenced.
The hiring of hotel staff would not generate income for The St. Regis
Singapore; it was a preparatory act for the hotel’s future business and did
not in itself constitute business activity. Attendance at the job fair is not
enough for goodwill.

Custom for the St. Regis Residences

78 Custom for the St. Regis Residences is also insufficient. “Goodwill is
worth nothing unless it has power of attraction sufficient to bring customers
home _to the source from which it emanates_ ”; _IRC v Muller_ at 224 (emphasis
added). Reasoning from first principles, what is protected is the goodwill
attached to the specific business of providing temporary accommodation, and
not merely the brand “St. Regis” as applied to the Opponents’ other
businesses. Slade J in _My Kinda Bones v Dr. Pepper’s Stove Co._ [1984] FSR
289 at 299 seems to assume that the goodwill must attach to the particular
business:

[A]s a matter of principle, a plaintiff in this country cannot establish the
existence of goodwill attached to the name of a projected restaurant,
sufficient to ground a passing off action, at a time when he has as yet never
opened a restaurant under such name to customers either in this country or
elsewhere … a substantial number of customers or potential customers must at
least have had the opportunity to assess the merits of those goods or services
for themselves.

79 Persons who purchased units in the St. Regis Residences at the material
time did not do so on the basis of the merits of The St. Regis Singapore’s
services. It is likely that such purchasers of the St. Regis Residences would
have been attracted mainly by the location and quality of those residences.
There was no evidence that such purchasers bought these apartments because
they were next to or linked with the hotel.

Was there misrepresentation or a likelihood of damage?

80 Since I agree with the PAR’s finding that there was no goodwill, there is
no need to consider the question of misrepresentation.

81 Since neither goodwill nor misrepresentation has been found, there is no
need to consider the question of likelihood of damage.

82 The Opponents’ cross-appeal on s 8(7) of the Act must, therefore, fail.

Conclusion

83 In the final analysis, the “PARK REGIS” mark, although similar to the “ST.
REGIS” mark, is not likely to be confused with the “St. Regis” brand,
particularly when taking into account the likely customers of both brands. In
my judgment, therefore, the opposition to the “PARK REGIS” mark under s
8(2)(b) of the Act cannot succeed and the PAR’s decision is, accordingly,
reversed.

84 As there is also no likelihood of damage to the “ST. REGIS” brand from the
use of the “PARK REGIS” mark and brand, the opposition to the “PARK REGIS”
mark under s 8(4) is similarly unsuccessful and the PAR’s decision on this
ground is also reversed.

85 In the result, Staywell’s appeal is allowed and the Opponents’ cross-appeal
is dimissed. The Opponents shall pay Staywell’s costs of the appeal and the
cross-appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

