Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario  
[2012] SGHC 97

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 77 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R S Wijaya (R S Wijaya & Co) for the applicant.  
Parties| :|  Re Nalpon Zero Geraldo Mario  
  
7 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 This originating summons (“the present OS”) is an _ex parte_ application
made by Mr Zero Geraldo Mario Nalpon (“the Applicant”), an advocate and
solicitor, under s 82A(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the LPA”) for leave for an investigation to be made into his complaint of
misconduct against Ms Nor’Ashikin binte Samdin (“the DPP”), a Legal Service
Officer (“LSO”) who was, at the relevant time, designated as a Deputy Public
Prosecutor.

2 The complaint of misconduct arose out of the trial in the District Court
(“the District Court trial”) of the Applicant’s client, Ezmiwardi bin Kanan
(“the Accused”), on two charges of criminal breach of trust, namely, District
Arrest Case (“DAC”) No 18210 of 2009 and DAC No 18211 of 2009 (referred to
hereafter as “the 1st Charge” and “the 2nd Charge” respectively). A third
charge, DAC No 18212 of 2009, was stood down. At the end of the District Court
trial, the district judge (“the DJ”) convicted the Accused of the 1st Charge,
but acquitted him of the 2nd Charge.

3 In support of the present OS, the Applicant filed an affidavit dated 31
January 2012 (“the Applicant’s 31/1/2012 affidavit”) setting out the specific
allegations of misconduct against the DPP. The present OS and the Applicant’s
31/1/2012 affidavit were not served on the DPP. However, she came to know
about the application and obtained copies of these two documents from the
Supreme Court Registry. The DPP thereupon applied to me for leave to be heard
at the hearing of the present OS. In support of her application, the DPP filed
an affidavit dated 9 March 2012 exhibiting (_inter alia_) the following
documents:

(a) a copy of the Applicant’s affidavit filed on 15 August 2011 (“the
Applicant’s 15/8/2011 affidavit”) in support of Criminal Motion No 58 of 2011
(“CM 58/2011”), which was the Applicant’s application for leave for a document
to be admitted in the Accused’s appeal (_viz_ , Magistrate’s Appeal No 401 of
2010 (“MA 401/2010”)) against his conviction of the 1st Charge by the DJ;

(b) a copy of the DPP’s affidavit dated 2 November 2011 filed in CM 58/2011;

(c) a copy of the affidavit of Senior Station Inspector Yong Chok Choon
(“PW10”) dated 4 November 2011 filed in CM 58/2011; and

(d) a certified transcript of the proceedings in MA 401/2010 and CM 58/2011,
which were heard together.

4 Initially, I was minded to grant the DPP leave to be heard, but
subsequently, I decided to hear the present OS on an _ex parte_ basis as I was
(perhaps overly) concerned that any decision which I made against the DPP at
an _inter partes_ hearing, in the event of my allowing the Applicant’s
application in the present OS, might influence the subsequent disciplinary
proceedings before a Disciplinary Tribunal. Accordingly, I heard the present
OS on an _ex parte_ basis.

The statutory framework for disciplinary proceedings against LSOs

The relevant statutory provisions

5 Before I consider the merits of the present OS, it is necessary that I
examine the statutory framework governing the conduct of LSOs in their
professional work in court and out of court. All LSOs are officers of the
court when they act in any court proceedings; they are also officers of the
court if they have been admitted as advocates and solicitors. As such, they
are subject to the control of the Supreme Court, and, like all other officers
of the court, they are liable to be disciplined and punished under the LPA for
misconduct committed in Singapore or elsewhere. In the case of LSOs (as well
as non-practising lawyers who have been admitted as advocates and solicitors),
the statutory regime is set out in s 82A of the LPA. The provisions relevant
to the present OS are as follows:

**Disciplinary proceedings against Legal Service Officers and non-practising
solicitors**

**82A.** —(1) …

(2) All Legal Service Officers … shall be subject to the control of the
Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown to be punished in
accordance with this section.

(3) Such due cause may be shown by proof that a Legal Service Officer … —

(_a_) has been guilty in Singapore or elsewhere of such misconduct unbefitting
a Legal Service Officer or an advocate and solicitor as an officer of the
Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession; …

…

(4) No application for a Legal Service Officer … to be punished under this
section shall be made unless leave has been granted by the Chief Justice for
an investigation to be made into the complaint of misconduct against the Legal
Service Officer ... concerned.

(5) An application for such leave shall be made by ex parte originating
summons and shall be accompanied by an affidavit setting out the allegations
of misconduct against the Legal Service Officer …

(6) Where the Chief Justice is of the opinion that the applicant has made out
_a prima facie case for an investigation into his complaint_ , the Chief
Justice may grant such leave and appoint a Disciplinary Tribunal under section
90.

…

(7) The Disciplinary Tribunal shall hear and investigate into the complaint
and submit its findings of fact and law in the form of a report to the Chief
Justice.

(8) A copy of the report shall be supplied to the Legal Service Officer …
concerned, and to the Attorney-General if the report relates to a Legal
Service Officer.

(9) Where the Disciplinary Tribunal finds that no cause of sufficient gravity
for disciplinary action exists under this section against the Legal Service
Officer … concerned, the Chief Justice shall dismiss the complaint.

(10) Where the Disciplinary Tribunal finds that cause of sufficient gravity
for disciplinary action exists under this section against the Legal Service
Officer … concerned, the Chief Justice may appoint an advocate and solicitor
or a Legal Service Officer to apply by summons in the same proceedings for an
order that the Legal Service Officer … concerned be struck off the roll,
prohibited from applying for a practising certificate, censured or otherwise
punished.

(11) Section 98 shall apply, with the necessary modifications, to any
application under subsection (10).

(12) On completion of the hearing of the application under subsection (10),
the court may —

(_a_) censure the Legal Service Officer …;

(_b_) prohibit him from applying for a practising certificate for such period
not exceeding 5 years as it may specify;

(_c_) order that his name be struck off the roll;

(_d_) order him to pay a penalty of not more than $20,000; or

(_e_) make such other order as it thinks fit.

…

(15) For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this section shall prevent any
Legal Service Officer from being subject to disciplinary action by the Legal
Service Commission for any act or omission which constitutes a disciplinary
offence under this section.

[emphasis added]

What is “a prima facie case for an investigation” for the purposes of s
82A(6)?

6 In an application under s 82A of the LPA for leave for an investigation to
be made into a complaint of misconduct against an LSO, s 82A(6) requires the
applicant to make out “a prima facie case for an investigation” before the
Chief Justice may grant such leave and appoint a Disciplinary Tribunal under s
90. In the present case, the Applicant did not make any submissions on the
meaning of “a prima facie case” for the purposes of s 82A(6). He assumed that
the matters disclosed in his supporting affidavit for the present OS (_viz_ ,
the Applicant’s 31/1/2012 affidavit mentioned at [3] above) were sufficient in
law to make out such a case. In the circumstances, I shall have to embark on
an _ex parte_ examination of the legal principles to determine what the
requirements of “a prima facie case” are under s 82A(6) of the LPA in order to
decide whether the present OS is a proper case for granting leave for an
investigation into the alleged misconduct of the DPP.

7 The concept of “a prima facie case” has been applied by Singapore and
Malaysian courts (and their predecessors) in other contexts in both civil and
criminal proceedings. For example, in _Gan_ _Soo Swee and another v Ramoo_
[1968–1970] SLR(R) 324, a civil case, Wee Chong Jin CJ defined the expression
to mean the following (at [21]):

… [W]e have here a case where the plaintiff was alleging that either the lorry
driver or the taxi driver or both were responsible for the accident. He had
therefore to prove a state of facts from which the reasonable inference to be
drawn was that _prima facie_ one if not both drivers had been negligent before
he is entitled to call on both defendants for an answer. To make a _prima
facie_ case he must prove facts from which in the absence of an explanation
liability could properly be inferred. …

8 The concept of “a prima facie case” has also been extensively used in
criminal proceedings as the basis for the court’s decision on whether or not
to call on the accused to enter his defence at the close of the Prosecution’s
case. An early example is _Public Prosecutor v Chin Yoke_ [1940] MLJ 47 (“
_Chin Yoke_ ”), where Gordon-Smith Ag JA, in examining the scope of s 173(_f_)
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 6) of the Federated Malay States, held (at
48–49) that at the close of the Prosecution’s case:

It is then that it is the duty of the Magistrate or Judge to consider the
evidence already led and decide whether or not to call on the accused for his
defence, and the question arises what is a _prima facie_ case? …

… _[I]t does not follow, in my opinion, that the Magistrate or Judge must
necessarily accept the whole of the evidence for the prosecution at its face
value_. There may be good grounds for rejecting some part, or all of it and,
therefore, it is necessary to weigh up this evidence and on so doing one may
be satisfied that, _if unrebutted_ , it would warrant the accused’s
conviction. In such case the accused is then called upon to answer the _prima
facie_ case which has thus been made out against him. If, however, on the
other hand, after weighing up such evidence for the prosecution one is
satisfied that it would be wholly unsafe to convict upon such evidence
standing alone, then no _prima_ _facie case_ has been made out and the accused
should not be called on for his defence.

[emphasis added]

This passage sets out a number of principles:

(a) First, the court must consider the Prosecution’s evidence as it stands at
the close of the Prosecution’s case. If that evidence as a whole (weighing up
all the pluses and the minuses) is sufficient, _if unrebutted_ , to warrant
the accused’s conviction, then a _prima facie_ case has been made out.

(b) The hypothesis “if unrebutted” (see _Chin Yoke_ at 48) refers to a case
where the accused, having been called on to enter his defence, either: (i)
declines to do so; or (ii) having entered his defence, fails to adduce
sufficient evidence to rebut the Prosecution’s _prima facie_ case.

(c) The words “would warrant” in the same context do not mean that the court
_must_ convict the accused if the Prosecution’s _prima facie_ case has not
been unrebutted. The reason is that the burden is always on the Prosecution to
prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt.

9 In _Public Prosecutor v R Balasubramaniam_ [1948] MLJ 119 (“ _R
Balasubramaniam_ ”), where the accused was charged under s 477A of the Penal
Code (FMS Cap 45) with wilful falsification of a hospital’s account book by
omitting to record 82 bedsheets in the account book, Callow J said at the
close of the Prosecution’s case (at 120):

… I must go further and consider whether even if a _prima facie_ case is
shown, such element of doubt is removed so as to sustain a conviction if no
more evidence is adduced. The _onus_ is on the prosecution to prove the case
and this burden never shifts [citing _Public Prosecutor v Lim Teong Seng_
[1946] MLJ 108]. … [emphasis in original]

After evaluating the strength of the Prosecution’s evidence, Callow J held
that the Prosecution had not made out a _prima facie_ case as the evidence did
not establish an essential element of the offence charged (at 122):

… The accused made a terrible mess of the bedsheet entries and if it had been
shown that he had done this after Dr Sabaratnam’s investigation [Dr Sabaratnam
being one of the prosecution witnesses] had commenced an intent to defraud
would be a reasonable inference.

But does the evidence for the prosecution point irresistibly to wilful fraud?
The fact that this book is incorrect, ill-kept or misleading is not enough;
there must be conscious determination to defraud as distinguished from
ignorant incompetency … It is a question of fact for me to decide on the
evidence before me; I am unable to allow the prosecution to attempt to
supplement, improve or confirm what may be now a possible though doubtful case
by whatever can be elicited from the defence. The Crown case rests at the
close of the prosecution.

…

… [I]ncompetence and inefficiency by the accused is apparent, but on the
evidence before me I cannot be sure whether the accused in 1946 deliberately
falsified the book … or simply muddled it. … I am by no means convinced of the
innocence of the accused, of which he might have satisfied me had he elected
to continue, but I do not find a case by the prosecution which if unrebutted
would warrant a conviction, and I am bound in law to acquit the accused of the
charge. …

10 In _Hoh_ _Keh Peng v Public Prosecutor_ [1948] MLJ 3 (“ _Hoh_ _Keh Peng_
”), where the appellant was convicted of being in possession of a counterfeit
seal with the intention of using it for the purposes of committing forgery,
the Court of Appeal of the Malayan Union (comprising Willan CJ, Jobling and
Spenser-Wilkinson JJ), without using the terminology of “a prima facie case”,
appeared to have held that at the close of the Prosecution’s case, the
evidence must be sufficient to prove the guilt of the accused beyond a
reasonable doubt; otherwise, the Prosecution would not have made out a _prima
facie_ case. The court (_per_ Spenser-Wilkinson J) said (at 4):

… Unless at the close of the case for the prosecution the offence has been
made out, there is no justification for calling upon the accused for any
explanation whatever. There is a positive duty upon the Judge under section
180 of the Criminal Procedure Code to acquit the accused at the close of the
prosecution if he is not prepared then and there to convict without hearing
more. If an accused is called upon for his defence he may be able to turn the
balance in his favour; but he should never be called upon for his defence in a
case of doubt so that he may convict himself by supplementing a weak
prosecution case.

11 Similarly, in _Ong Kiang Kek v Public Prosecutor_ [1968–1970] SLR(R) 821 (“
_Ong Kiang Kek_ ”), where the appellant appealed against his conviction for
murder, the Singapore Court of Criminal Appeal (“the CCA”) also did not use
the terminology of “a prima facie case”, but appeared to have adopted the same
approach as that of the Malayan Union Court of Appeal in _Hoh_ _Keh Peng_. At
[13]–[14] and [21]–[22] of _Ong Kiang Kek_ , the CCA said (_per_ Wee Chong Jin
CJ):

13 It has been held that a judge (of the High Court) sitting without a jury,
where the relevant section is _in pari_ _materia_ with our ss 177C and
172(_f_) [of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 132, 1955 Rev Ed)], must acquit
the accused if, at the close of the case for the Prosecution, the court is of
the opinion that on the prosecution evidence it cannot, as a jury, hold the
allegations proved beyond all reasonable doubt. (_PP v Lim Teong Seng_ [1946]
MLJ 108.) We are of the same opinion and are of the view that the trial court
is required by s 177C, at the close of the case for the Prosecution, to
determine whether or not the evidence tendered on behalf of the Prosecution,
if unrebutted, has established the case against the accused beyond a
reasonable doubt. If the court finds at that stage of the trial that it has
not been so established there is nothing left but to acquit the accused.

14 We must therefore examine whether the evidence at the close of the case for
the Prosecution has established the case against the appellant beyond a
reasonable doubt so as to justify the trial court’s calling on the appellant
to enter on his defence.

…

21 The case for the Prosecution on murder _simpliciter_ , was that the
appellant sat next to the driver’s seat and it was the appellant’s hand
holding the pistol from which the fatal shots were fired which the [victim’s]
widow saw although there were three other men in the Cortina car at the time
and although the bullet which inflicted the fatal wound was a .32 bullet
whereas the appellant when arrested was in possession of a .22 pistol and some
.22 ammunition. In our opinion, on these facts and having regard to the other
possible inferences which we have endeavoured to show can be drawn from the
mere fact that a hand holding a pistol appeared from the nearside front window
of the car, the Prosecution ha[s] failed at the close of its case to discharge
the burden resting on it to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant
was guilty of murder.

22 In our judgment it is clear that if at the close of the prosecution case
the evidence is such that it is possible for the fatal shots to have been
fired by any one of three of the four men in the Cortina car no case has been
made out against the appellant which if unrebutted would warrant his
conviction of murder _simpliciter_. Accordingly we are of the opinion that the
trial court was wrong in law to call on the appellant to enter on his defence
whether on the charge of murder read with s 34 [of the Penal Code (Cap 119,
1955 Rev Ed)] or of murder _simpliciter_ and the appellant should have been
acquitted at the close of the case for the Prosecution.

12 _Ong Kiang Kek_ was a decision that was based on s 177C of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 132, 1955 Rev Ed). The CCA’s approach in that case was
applied by the High Court in _Public Prosecutor v Haw Tua_ _Tau_ (unreported)
(“ _Haw Tua_ _Tau (HC)_ ”), which was based on the substantively similar s
181(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 113, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the 1970 CPC”),
and affirmed by the CCA in _Haw Tua_ _Tau_ _v Public Prosecutor_ [1979–1980]
SLR(R) 266 (“ _Haw Tua_ _Tau (CCA)_ ”). On further appeal, the Privy Council,
whose written judgment was delivered by Lord Diplock (see _Haw Tua_ _Tau and
others_ _v Public Prosecutor_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 133 (“ _Haw Tua_ _Tau (PC)_
”)), disapproved of the approach in _Ong Kiang Kek_ and held that the test
applied by the CCA in that case had been more rigorous than what was required
by the statutory words.

13 It is useful to recall Lord Diplock’s analysis of s 181(1) of the 1970 CPC,
which provided as follows:

**181.** —(1) When the case for the prosecution is concluded the court, if it
finds that no case against the accused has been made out which if unrebutted
would warrant his conviction, shall record an order of acquittal, or if it
does not so find, shall call on the accused to enter on his defence.

Lord Diplock commented (at [14]–[15]):

14 Section 188(1) [_sic_] states the conditions precedent to the right and
duty of the judge of trial to call on the accused to enter on his defence. It
takes the form of a double negative: if the court does _not_ find that _no_
case against the accused has been made out which, if unrebutted, would warrant
his conviction. For reasons that are inherent in the adversarial character of
criminal trials under the common law system, it does not place upon the court
a positive obligation to make up its mind at that stage of the proceedings
whether the evidence adduced by the Prosecution has by then already satisfied
it beyond reasonable doubt that the accused is guilty. Indeed it would run
counter to the concept of what is a fair trial under that system to require
the court to do so.

15 The crucial words in s 188(1) are the words “if unrebutted”, which make the
question that the court has to ask itself a purely hypothetical one. The
Prosecution makes out a case against the accused by adducing evidence of
primary facts. It is to such evidence that the words “if unrebutted” refer.
What they mean is that for the purpose of reaching the decision called for by
s 188(1) the court must act on the presumptions: (a) that all such evidence of
primary fact is true, unless it is inherently so incredible that no reasonable
person would accept it as being true; and (b) that there will be nothing to
displace those inferences as to further facts or [as] to the state of mind of
the accused which would reasonably be drawn from the primary facts in the
absence of any further explanation. Whoever has the function of deciding facts
on the trial of a criminal offence should keep an open mind about the veracity
and accuracy of recollection of any individual witness, whether called for the
Prosecution or the Defence, until after all the evidence to be tendered in the
case on behalf of either side has been heard and it is possible to assess to
what extent (if any) that witness’s evidence has been confirmed, explained or
contradicted by the evidence of other witnesses.

[emphasis in original]

14 Lord Diplock then proceeded to explain the effect of s 181(1) by comparing
it with the procedure in a jury trial before that mode of trial was abolished
in Singapore. His Lordship said (at [16]–[17]):

16 The proper attitude of mind that the decider of fact ought to adopt towards
the Prosecution’s evidence at the conclusion of the Prosecution’s case is most
easily identified by considering a criminal trial before a judge and jury,
such as occurs in England and occurred in Singapore until its final abolition
in capital cases in 1969. Here the decision-making function is divided;
questions of law are for the judge, questions of fact are for the jury. It is
well established that in a jury trial at the conclusion of the Prosecution’s
case it is the judge’s function to decide for himself whether evidence has
been adduced which, _if it were to be accepted by the jury as accurate_ ,
would establish each essential element in the alleged offence: for what are
the essential elements in any criminal offence is a question of law. **_If
there is no evidence (or only evidence that is so inherently incredible that
no reasonable person could accept it as being true) to prove any one or more
of those essential elements, it is the judge’s duty to direct an acquittal,
for it is only upon evidence that juries are entitled to convict; but, if
there is some evidence, the judge must let the case go on._** It is not the
function of the jurors, as sole deciders of fact, to make up their minds at
that stage of the trial whether they are so convinced of the accuracy of the
only evidence that is then before them that they have no reasonable doubt as
to the guilt of the accused. If this were indeed their function, since any
decision that they reach must be a collective one, it would be necessary for
them to retire, consult together and bring in what in effect would be a
conditional verdict of guilty before the accused had an opportunity of putting
before them any evidence in his defence. On the question of the accuracy of
the evidence of any witness jurors would be instructed that it was their duty
to suspend judgment until all the evidence of fact that either party wished to
put before the court had been presented. Then and then only should they direct
their minds to the question whether the guilt of the accused had been proved
beyond reasonable doubt.

17 In their Lordships’ view the same principle applies to criminal trials
where the combined roles of decider of law and decider of fact are vested in a
single judge (or in two judges trying capital cases). At the conclusion of the
Prosecution’s case what has to be decided remains a question of law only. As
decider of law, the judge must consider whether there is some evidence (not
inherently incredible) which, if he were to accept it as accurate, would
establish each essential element in the alleged offence. If such evidence as
respects any of those essential elements is lacking, then, and then only, is
he justified in finding “that no case against the accused has been made out
which if unrebutted would warrant his conviction”, within the meaning of s
188(1) [_sic_]. Where he has not so found, he must call upon the accused to
enter upon his defence, and as decider of fact must keep an open mind as to
the accuracy of any of the Prosecution’s witnesses until the Defence has
tendered such evidence, if any, by the accused or other witnesses as it may
want to call and counsel on both sides have addressed to the judge such
arguments and comments on the evidence as they may wish to advance.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

15 Lord Diplock continued (at [18]):

Although s 188(1) [_sic_] first became law in 1960 and so forms no part of the
amendments made by Act 10 of 1976 [_viz_ , the Criminal Procedure Code
(Amendment) Act 1976 (Act 10 of 1976), which (_inter alia_) introduced certain
new provisions relating to trials in the High Court], their Lordships have
dealt with its interpretation at some length because in the judgment of the
[CCA] in the case of _Ong Kiang Kek_ … there are certain passages that seem,
upon a literal reading, to suggest that unless at the end of the Prosecution’s
case the evidence adduced has already satisfied the judge beyond a reasonable
doubt that the accused is guilty, the judge must order his acquittal. But this
can hardly have been what that court intended, for it ignores the presence in
the section of the crucial words “if unrebutted”, to which in other passages
the court refers, and it converts the hypothetical question of law which the
judge has to ask himself at that stage of the proceeding: _“If I were to
accept the Prosecution’s evidence as accurate would it establish the case
against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt?” into an actual and quite
different question of fact: “Has the Prosecution’s evidence already done so?”_
For the reasons already discussed their Lordships consider this to be an
incorrect statement of the effect of s 188(1).

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

16 Finally, in relation to the approach of the High Court in _Haw Tua_ _Tau
(HC)_ (which, as mentioned earlier, was affirmed by the CCA in _Haw Tua_ _Tau
(CCA)_), Lord Diplock said (at [30]):

Finally their Lordships would mention briefly, lest it be thought that they
had overlooked it, the suggestion that at the trial of Haw Tua Tau the judges
may have taken literally those delphic passages in the judgment of the [CCA]
in _Ong Kiang Kek_ … to which their Lordships have had occasion to refer. If
this be so the only effect can be that the judges applied to the Prosecution’s
evidence a more rigorous test of credibility than they need have done before
deciding to call on Haw Tua Tau to give evidence. The error, if there was one
– and there is nothing in the judges’ reasons for judgment to indicate what
was the standard that they did apply – can only have been in favour of the
accused. …

17 It should be noted that the Privy Council in _Haw Tua_ _Tau (PC)_ , like
the CCA in _Haw Tua_ _Tau (CCA)_ and _Ong Kiang Kek_ , eschewed the
terminology of “a prima facie case” in explaining when the court would call on
the Defence at the close of the Prosecution’s case. But, it is clear from the
passages in _Chin Yoke_ and _R Balasubramaniam_ which I quoted earlier that
the court in those two cases had merely used the terminology of “a prima facie
case” as a convenient shorthand for describing the threshold that had to be
met before the court would call on the Defence at the close of the
Prosecution’s case. Even after _Haw Tua_ _Tau (PC)_ , the courts in Singapore
did not adopt a consistent approach in using or eschewing (as the case might
be) the terminology of “a prima facie case”: see _Sim Ah Cheoh and others v
Public Prosecutor_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 961 (“ _Sim Ah Cheoh_ ”), _Public
Prosecutor v Wong Wai Hung and another_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 918 (“ _Wong Wai Hung_
”), _Tan Siew Chay and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 267,
_Public Prosecutor v Gan Lim Soon_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 67 (“ _Gan Lim Soon_ ”),
_Ng Theng_ _Shuang v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 407 (“ _Ng Theng_
_Shuang_ ”) at [27] and _Public Prosecutor v IC Automation_ _(S) Pte Ltd_
[1996] 2 SLR(R) 799 at [41].

18 In _Gan Lim Soon_ , Yong Pung How CJ summarised the principles that a court
should apply in deciding whether or not to call on the Defence at the end of
the Prosecution’s case as follows (at [3]–[4]):

3 The principles on which a court should decide at the closing of the
Prosecution’s case whether there is a case for the accused to answer have been
set out by the Privy Council in _Haw Tua_ _Tau [(PC)]_ … Although these
principles are not without their problems in implementation, they have been
followed by the courts in Singapore ever since. What these principles mean is
that if the judge comes to the conclusion after hearing the Prosecution’s
evidence that there is evidence (not inherently incredible) which constitutes
a _prima facie_ case which the accused should be called upon to answer, he
must call upon the accused to enter upon his defence. Of course, the accused
might choose not to give evidence or call witnesses, and it is then left to
the judge to assess the credibility of the witnesses and to decide in a case
of conflict which of them he finds to be the more credible, before deciding
whether the case is proved beyond reasonable doubt.

4 However, there is one qualification to this. If, apart from the disputed
facts and the credibility of the witnesses, there is hard evidence, whether in
the shape of documents or photographs or what are known as “silent facts”,
which is itself sufficient to constitute a _prima facie_ case on the charge,
the accused cannot choose to remain silent when called upon. If he does remain
silent, the unavoidable result is that the case would then have been
effectively proved against him beyond reasonable doubt by default.

19 In _Ng Theng_ _Shuang_ , counsel for the appellant attempted to persuade
the Court of Appeal (at [20]):

… to re-examine the test [enunciated by Lord Diplock in _Haw Tua_ _Tau (PC)_]
and reject _the minimum evaluation of the evidence_ as advanced by _Haw Tua_
_Tau [(PC)]_ , that is to say that the evidence at that stage of the trial was
not inherently incredible, which if unrebutted would warrant the appellant’s
conviction before his defence is called and opt for a _maximum evaluation of
the evidence_ which would require the court to rule that a case beyond
reasonable doubt had been made out against the appellant before calling his
defence. [Counsel] reminded [the court] that the Malaysian Supreme Court had
recently in _Khoo Hi Chiang v PP_ [1994] 1 MLJ 265 rejected the minimum
evaluation test for the maximum evaluation test. [emphasis added]

In response, the court (_per_ M Karthigesu JA) said at ([21]–[22]):

21 It seems to us that the Malaysian Supreme Court laid emphasis on the words
“ _would warrant a conviction_ ” in [the Malaysian equivalent of] s 189(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code [(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)] thus ignoring the words “
_if unrebutted_ ” as this court had done in _Ong Kiang Kek_ … and came to the
conclusion that only proof beyond a reasonable doubt _would warrant a
conviction_. …

22 We respectively agree with Lord Diplock that the crucial words in s 189(1)
of the Criminal Procedure Code, which deals with the procedure to be followed
at the close of the Prosecution’s case, are “if unrebutted”. Clearly s 189(1)
calls for a two-stage process in a criminal trial and this can only be
achieved if a minimum evaluation of the evidence is made at the close of the
Prosecution’s case and this of necessity makes the question that the court has
to ask itself at the close of the Prosecution’s case a purely hypothetical
one.

[emphasis in original]

20 The Court of Appeal in _Ng Theng_ _Shuang_ , after referring to the cases
of _Sim Ah Cheoh_ and _Gan Lim Soon_ , noted with approval (at [25]) MPH Rubin
JC’s observations at [96]–[97] of _Wong Wai Hung_ , which were as follows:

96 ... The guidelines of Lord Diplock in _Haw Tua_ _Tau ([PC])_ were neither
novel nor a total innovation of the criminal law. Practitioners at the
criminal Bar might be aware that what Lord Diplock attempted in _[Haw Tua_
_Tau (PC)]_ was to modulate and amplify the practice directions issued by Lord
Parker CJ to the benefit of magistrates and justices in 1962.

97 In a practice note dated 9 February 1962 (see [1962] 1 All ER 448, [1962] 1
WLR 227), Lord Parker CJ sitting in the English Court of Appeal with Ashworth
and Fenton Atkinson JJ set out for the benefit of magistrates guidelines when
submissions were made on no case to answer. He said:

Those of us who sit in the Divisional Court have the distinct impression that
justices today are being persuaded all too often to uphold a submission of no
case. In the result, this court has had on many occasions to send the case
back to the justices for the hearing to be continued with inevitable delay and
increased expenditure. Without attempting to lay down any principle of law, we
think that as a matter of practice justices should be guided by the following
considerations.

A submission that there is no case to answer may properly be made and upheld:

(a) when there has been no evidence to prove an essential element in the
alleged offence;

(b) when the evidence adduced by the prosecution has been so discredited as a
result of cross-examination or is so manifestly unreliable that no reasonable
tribunal could safely convict on it.

Apart from these two situations a tribunal should not in general be called on
to reach a decision as to conviction or acquittal until the whole of the
evidence which either side wishes to tender has been placed before it. _If,
however, a submission is made that there is no case to answer, the decision
should depend not so much_ on whether the _adjudicating tribunal_ (if
compelled to do so) would at that stage convict or acquit _but on whether the
evidence is such that a reasonable tribunal might convict. If a reasonable
tribunal might convict on the evidence so far laid before it, there is a case
to answer_.

[emphasis in original]

21 The Court of Appeal in _Ng Theng_ _Shuang_ then went on to say (at
[26]–[27]):

26 We were not persuaded by [the appellant’s counsel] that _the minimum
evaluation of the evidence at the close of the Prosecution’s case as
propounded by_ Haw Tua Tau [(PC)] and consistently followed in Singapore since
then was not the proper test applicable to the provisions of s 189(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code which we set out below for the sake of completeness.
It reads:

When the case for the prosecution is concluded the court, if it finds that no
case against the accused has been made out which if unrebutted would warrant
his conviction, shall record an order of acquittal or, if it does not so find,
shall call on the accused to enter on his defence.

27 Accordingly, on such an evaluation of the evidence a _prima facie_ case was
clearly made out against the appellant on each of the three charges with which
he was charged and in our view the learned trial judge correctly called on the
appellant to enter on his defence.

[emphasis added]

22 In my view, the references in _Ng Theng_ _Shuang_ (at, _inter alia_ , [20])
to “[a] minimum evaluation of the evidence” and “a maximum evaluation of the
evidence” for the purposes of determining whether a trial judge should call on
the Defence at the close of the Prosecution’s case mischaracterises the nature
of the judicial process in evaluating the evidence at that stage of a criminal
trial. The issue at the end of the Prosecution’s case is whether the Defence
has a case to answer, and this depends on whether the evidence as it stands
then, _if accepted_ by the court, would be sufficient to prove every element
of the offence in question either directly or inferentially. In this regard,
as Lord Parker CJ said in _Practice Direction (Submission of No Case)_ [1962]
1 WLR 227 (“the 1962 English Practice Direction”) (quoted at [97] of _Wong Wai
Hung_ (see [20] above)), the court does not have to believe everything in the
Prosecution’s evidence at this stage of the proceedings. In my view, this is
what is properly meant by “a prima facie case” in a criminal trial at common
law.

23 In _May v O’Sullivan_ (1955) 92 CLR 654, the High Court of Australia
(comprising Dixon CJ, Webb, Fullagar, Kitto and Taylor JJ) examined the
terminology of “a prima facie case” at common law and said in its unanimous
decision (at 658–659):

When, at the close of the case for the prosecution, a submission is made that
there is “no case to answer”, the question to be decided is not whether on the
evidence as it stands the defendant ought to be convicted, but whether on the
evidence as it stands he _could_ lawfully be convicted. This is really a
question of law. Unless there is some special statutory provision on the
subject, a ruling that there _is_ a “case to answer” has no effect whatever on
the onus of proof, which rests on the prosecution from beginning to end. After
the prosecution has adduced evidence sufficient to support proof of the issue,
the defendant may or may not call evidence. Whether he does or not, the
question to be decided in the end by the tribunal is whether, on the whole of
the evidence before it, it is satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the
defendant is guilty. This is a question of fact. In deciding this question it
may in some cases be legitimate, as is pointed out in _Wilson_ v. _Buttery_
[(1926) SASR 150] for it to take into account the fact that the defendant has
not given evidence as a consideration making the inference of guilt from the
evidence for the prosecution less unsafe than it might otherwise possibly
appear: cf. _Morgan_ v. _Babcock & Wilcox_, per Isaacs J. [(1929) 43 CLR 163
at 178]. But to say this is a very different thing from saying that the onus
of proof shifts. **_A magistrate who has decided that there is a “case to
answer” may quite consistently, if no evidence is called for the defendant,
refuse to convict on the evidence for the prosecution. The prosecution may
have made “a prima facie case”, but it does not follow that in the absence of
a “satisfactory answer” the defendant should be convicted_****.** [emphasis in
original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

24 Similarly, in _Zanetti v Hill_ (1962) 108 CLR 433, which was likewise heard
by the High Court of Australia (comprising Dixon CJ, Kitto, Menzies and Owen
JJ), Kitto J, in his separate decision, restated the meaning of “a prima facie
case” in these words (at 442–443):

… I can see no reason for excluding a charge under s. 65(1) [of the Police Act
1892–1952 (WA)] from the application of the jealously guarded principle upon
which justice is administered under our system, that save where the
Legislature has shown a contrary intention a person is not to be convicted of
any offence, great or small, unless the tribunal of fact before which he is
charged is satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that every element of the
offence exists. _Of course this does not mean that the case for the
prosecution must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt before there is a case
for the defence to answer.__The question whether there is a case to answer,
arising as it does at the end of the prosecution’s evidence in chief, is
simply the question of law whether the defendant could lawfully be convicted
on the evidence as it stands, – whether, that is to say, there is with respect
to every element of the offence some evidence which, if accepted, would either
prove the element directly or enable its existence to be inferred. That is a
question to be carefully distinguished from the question of fact for ultimate
decision, namely whether every element of the offence is established to the
satisfaction of the tribunal of fact beyond a reasonable doubt_. See _May_ v.
_O’Sullivan_ … The ultimate question of fact must be decided on the whole of
the evidence; and on a charge under s. 65(1) there is no more reason than
there is in any other case why a weakness in the prosecution’s case may not be
eked out by something in the case for the defence, or why a prima facie
inference which by itself would not be strong enough to exclude reasonable
doubt may not be hardened into satisfaction beyond reasonable doubt by a
failure of the defendant to provide satisfactory evidence in answer to it when
he is in a position to do so: cf. _R._ v. _Burdett_ [(1820) 4 B & Ald 95; 106
ER 873]; _Ex parte Ferguson; Re Alexander_ [(1944) 45 SR (NSW) 64 at 67]. …
[emphasis added]

Applying the above principles to the evidence adduced by the Prosecution in
_Zanetti v Hill_ , Kitto J continued (at 445):

This was no meagre prima facie case. It was a powerful case of insufficient
lawful means of support [that being an element of the offence which the
accused was charged with]; and it presented the [accused] with as plain a
challenge as could well be imagined. …

The meaning of “a prima facie case” as explained by Lord Parker in the 1962
English Practice Direction (see [20] and [22] above) and by the High Court of
Australia in the decisions quoted above is, in my view, the meaning that Lord
Diplock intended to convey in his analysis of s 181(1) of the 1970 CPC in _Haw
Tua_ _Tau (PC)_. “A prima facie case” in this context simply means (using
Kitto J’s formulation in _Zanetti v Hill_) a case of such a nature that the
accused can be lawfully convicted on the evidence as it stands at the close of
the Prosecution’s case (assuming such evidence is accepted by the court) on
the basis that such evidence would either prove every element of the offence
in question directly or enable its existence to be inferred. In this regard,
it is important to bear in mind that the evidence as it stands at the close of
the Prosecution’s case, even if accepted by the court, may not be sufficient
to prove every element of the offence when, as stated by Lord Parker in the
1962 English Practice Direction:

… the evidence adduced by the prosecution has been so discredited as a result
of cross-examination or is so manifestly unreliable that no reasonable
tribunal could safely convict on it.

25 Such discredited or manifestly unreliable evidence would not be accepted by
the court even as _prima facie_ evidence of a primary fact, and therefore, the
inherent incredibility exception in the first presumption in _Haw Tua_ _Tau
(PC)_ at [15] (quoted at [13] above) would not be relevant to such evidence.
In other words, where the evidence adduced to prove a primary fact is
discredited or wholly unreliable, there is no need for the court to even
_presume_ that that evidence is true unless it is inherently incredible: this
is because that evidence has already clearly been shown to be wholly
unreliable. Further, even if the court were to apply the inherent
incredibility exception in such a situation, the court _cannot_ presume that
an inference drawn from a primary fact is true _unless_ that inference can
reasonably be drawn. The court may not draw any inference which it likes from
primary facts just because the inference is credible, or just because the
inference is not inherently incredible. There is a distinction between, on the
one hand, accepting evidence of primary facts as true for the purposes of
deciding whether to call on the Defence at the close of the Prosecution’s case
and, on the other hand, inferring further facts from those primary facts for
that purpose. For example, _mere_ _evidence_ of the accused’s failure to
record certain items in an account book does not allow the court to infer an
intention on his part to defraud where fraud is an element of the offence
charged (see the passage from _R Balasubramaniam_ (at 122) quoted at [9]
above). The different standards that apply to primary facts and inferred facts
must be kept in mind in the present context.

26 The _Haw Tua_ _Tau (PC)_ approach is now enacted in s
230(1)(_j_)–230(1)(_k_) of the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010),
but such enactment is not intended to change the principles laid down in _Haw
Tua_ _Tau (PC)_ as to when the court will call on an accused to enter his
defence at the close of the Prosecution’s case (see _The Criminal Procedure
Code of Singapore: Annotations and Commentary_ (Jennifer Marie & Mohamed
Faizal Mohamed Abdul Kadir eds) (Academy Publishing, 2012)). The aforesaid
provisions read as follows:

**230.** —(1) The following procedure must be complied with at the trial in
all courts:

…

(_j_) if after considering the evidence [tendered by the Prosecution], the
court is of the view that there is some evidence which is not inherently
incredible and which satisfies each and every element of the charge …, the
court must call on the accused to give his defence;

(_k_) the court must order a discharge amounting to an acquittal if it is of
the view that there is no such evidence as referred to in paragraph (_j_) …

…

In essence, at the close of the Prosecution’s case, the judge must, keeping in
mind the distinction between primary facts and inferred facts, ask himself:
“If I were to accept the Prosecution’s evidence as accurate, _would_ it
establish the case against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt?”, and not
“Has the Prosecution’s evidence already done so?” Or, as the Australian High
Court said in _May v O’Sullivan_ at 658 (reproduced at [23] above), the
question to be decided at the close of the Prosecution’s case is not whether,
on the evidence as it stands, the accused _ought_ to be convicted, but
whether, on that evidence, he _could_ lawfully be convicted. Calling for the
accused’s defence at the close of the Prosecution’s case only brings the
proceedings to the next stage, when the accused is expected to rebut the
Prosecution’s _prima facie_ case. Even if the Defence is called, should the
accused elect not to enter his defence, the court may still acquit him if, on
a final evaluation of all the evidence adduced before it, it concludes that
the charge has not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt – a burden which
never shifts to the accused.

Restatement of the meaning of “a prima facie case” in s 82A(6) of the LPA

27 In civil/criminal proceedings, if the defendant/accused makes a submission
of no case to answer at the close of the plaintiff’s/Prosecution’s case and
the court accepts the submission (_ie_ , the court agrees that the
plaintiff/Prosecution has indeed failed to establish a _prima facie_ case),
the claim/charge against the defendant/accused will be dismissed. However,
there is a difference between civil and criminal proceedings where a _prima
facie_ case has been made out. In civil proceedings, if the defendant makes a
submission of no case to answer at the close of the plaintiff’s case but the
court rejects that submission (_ie_ , the court finds that the plaintiff has
made out a _prima facie_ case), judgment _will_ be given for the plaintiff;
the defendant will not be allowed to enter his defence. In criminal
proceedings, if the court finds that the Prosecution has made out a _prima
facie_ case, the accused will be called upon to enter his defence. If he
elects not to do so, the court may still acquit him of the charge if it
considers that some or all of the elements of the offence in question have not
been proved beyond a reasonable doubt (see [26] above). In contrast,
disciplinary proceedings under the LPA are a _sui_ _generis_ form of
proceedings having, under existing judicial authority, some of the
characteristics of criminal proceedings in that: (a) the standard of proof of
misconduct under the LPA is the criminal standard of proof beyond a reasonable
doubt; and (b) if the respondent’s submission of no case to answer after the
“Prosecution” has closed its case is rejected, the respondent will still be
allowed to enter his defence. This would be the ordinary rule in disciplinary
proceedings under the LPA against advocates and solicitors. More importantly
for present purposes, disciplinary proceedings against LSOs (as well as non-
practising solicitors) under s 82A of the LPA in particular (“s 82A
disciplinary proceedings”) contain an additional feature absent in criminal
proceedings. Under s 82A(6) of the LPA, even if a _prima facie_ case for an
investigation into a complaint of misconduct against an LSO is made out, this
merely entails that the Chief Justice “ _may_ ” [emphasis added] give leave
for such an investigation to be carried out; the Chief Justice is not mandated
to give leave whenever a _prima facie_ case for an investigation has been
established. If leave is given, the Chief Justice will appoint a Disciplinary
Tribunal, which will then investigate the complaint and report its findings to
the Chief Justice. If the Disciplinary Tribunal finds that no cause of
sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists against the LSO concerned,
the Chief Justice “ _shall_ ” [emphasis added] (see s 82A(9) of the LPA)
dismiss the complaint. If the Disciplinary Tribunal finds otherwise, the Chief
Justice “ _may_ ” [emphasis added], pursuant to s 82A(10) of the LPA, appoint
an advocate and solicitor or an LSO to apply by summons in the same
proceedings for an order that the LSO concerned be struck off the roll,
prohibited from applying for a practising certificate, censured or otherwise
punished. Again, the Chief Justice is not mandated to appoint an advocate and
solicitor or an LSO to apply for such an order even if the Disciplinary
Tribunal makes an adverse report against the LSO concerned.

28 It can be seen from the foregoing that the Chief Justice is vested with a
statutory discretion in s 82A disciplinary proceedings which a court of law
does not have in civil/criminal proceedings. Under s 82A of the LPA, the Chief
Justice has the discretion _not_ to grant leave for an investigation to be
made into a complaint of misconduct against an LSO even if a _prima facie_
case of misconduct has been made out against the LSO concerned, and,
furthermore, also has the discretion _not_ to take the matter further even if
the Disciplinary Tribunal finds that cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action against that LSO exists. Of course, this does not mean
that the Chief Justice may decide arbitrarily in these matters as the
discretionary powers under s 82A have been given to him to achieve the
legislative objective of this section and not to frustrate it.

29 In view of the discretionary powers vested in the Chief Justice in s 82A
disciplinary proceedings as distinguished from the court’s powers in
civil/criminal proceedings, is there a case for applying a different type of
test for “a prima facie case” for the purposes of s 82A(6) of the LPA? In this
regard, the crucial difference between civil/criminal proceedings and s 82A
disciplinary proceedings is that in the former, if the judge rules at the
close of the plaintiff’s/Prosecution’s case that a _prima facie_ case has been
made out and, as a corollary, calls on the defendant/accused to enter his
defence, it is the defendant/accused who decides whether to continue with the
trial by entering his defence. If the defendant/accused elects to continue
with the trial, he will be tried by the same judge (_viz_ , the judge who
ruled that a _prima facie_ case has been made out). In contrast, in s 82A
disciplinary proceedings, if the Chief Justice is of the opinion that a _prima
facie_ case has been made out, it is he who decides whether to take the matter
further by appointing a Disciplinary Tribunal to investigate the complaint in
question. If the Chief Justice does decide to appoint a Disciplinary Tribunal,
the LSO concerned will be “tried” by a different tribunal from the “tribunal”
(_viz_ , the Chief Justice) which decided that a _prima facie_ case has been
made out. In my view, this difference between civil/criminal proceedings and s
82A disciplinary proceedings, although significant, is ultimately merely a
procedural difference. It is therefore not in itself a sufficient reason to
apply a different test for “a prima facie case” in s 82A disciplinary
proceedings from the test applicable in civil/criminal proceedings.

30 With these principles in mind, I shall now examine the substance of the
Applicant’s complaint in the present OS and his allegations against the DPP to
determine whether the evidence contained in the Applicant’s 31/1/2012
affidavit and the court records is sufficient to make out a _prima facie_ case
for an investigation into these allegations.

Background to the present OS

31 The complainant in the District Court trial (“PW3”) was the owner of a
Hyundai Matrix car (“the Car”), which had, at the material time, a market
value (comprising its body value as well as PARF and COE rebates) of about
$26,400. PW3 had an outstanding bank loan of $42,000 on the Car. Thus, the Car
had a negative value of about $15,600. PW3 wanted to buy a new Honda Fit car
for $58,800 from the Accused, who was a car salesman. They agreed to do a
trade-in – PW3 would sell the Car to the Accused for $29,200 and also pay the
Accused $13,000 so that the Accused could discharge the bank loan and de-
register the Car. In exchange, the Accused would sell PW3 a new Honda Fit for
$58,800.

32 Pursuant to this agreement, on 24 May 2008, PW3 delivered the Car to the
Accused, who promptly sold it on 28 May 2008 to a re-exporter for $4,000. PW3
alleged that on 22 June 2008, he paid a further sum of $6,412 to the Accused.
As the bank loan on the Car was still outstanding, interest continued to
accrue and the value of the Car continued to decline. The bank began to
threaten bankruptcy proceedings against PW3.

33 On 28 January 2009, PW3 made a police report against the Accused in
connection with the Car.[note: 1] On 31 January 2009, PW3 made a “999” call to
the police at 16:29:13h[note: 2] (“the 1st 999 Call”). About ten minutes
later, at 16:38:07h, he made a second “999” call[note: 3] (“the 2nd 999
Call”). On 20 February 2009, PW3 made another call (this time, a non-“999”
call) to Tanglin Police Station at 16:01:14h[note: 4] (“the Non-999 Call”).

34 Hence, in total, PW3 contacted the police four times about the Car:

(a) PW3 was recorded as having told the police in his police report made on 28
January 2009:[note: 5]

On 24.05.2008 at about 3.00pm, I traded [the Car] with Apex Global Trading via
an agent, [the Accused,] for a new [Honda Fit]. I paid him SGD8000.00 for the
transaction. …

Two months later, I persistently received letters from the Land Transport
Authority [(“LTA”)] to renew the [Car]’s road tax. When I confronted [the
Accused], he asked me for the letters and told me that he would be settling
it. Sometime in August 2008, I called LTA to enquire about the notice of road
tax renewal for the [Car] and the status of the vehicle. They informed me that
the [Car] is still under my name and if the [C]ar has already been exported,
they would no longer have any records of the [C]ar.

The [Accused] eventually paid the road tax for the [Car] along with the late
renewal fee … sometime in November 2008. This is after I kept asking him about
the letters that I received from LTA and the status of the [Car]. He kept
insisting that the [Car] is already in export zone (EPZ).

On top of the notice of renewal letter from LTA, I also received letters from
the finance company, OCBC Bank[,] about the outstanding payments for the
[Car]. Everytime [_sic_], I called the [Accused] about the letters from the
finance company, he would take those letters and told me that he would deal
with the company personally.

I wish to state that the [Car] is not in my possession eversince [_sic_] I
traded it with the new one when I handed it over to [the Accused]. I do not
know its whereabouts and what had happened to it. …

(b) PW3 was recorded as having said in the 1st 999 Call on 31 January
2009:[note: 6]

My car agent [_viz_ , the Accused] is cheating me. He had been trying [to]
avoid me. The bank are [_sic_] looking for the [C]ar as well. The wife is here
now. Please send the police. [capital letters in original omitted]

(c) In the 2nd 999 Call on 31 January 2009, PW3 was recorded as having
said:[note: 7]

I called earlier regarding [the Accused] cheating on me. I was earlier here
with his wife but she is gone. I no longer need the police assistance. I wish
to cancel the police. [capital letters in original omitted]

(d) As for the Non-999 Call to Tanglin Police Station on 20 February 2009, the
police recorded the substance of the call as:[note: 8]

The [Accused] refused to return [PW3’s] car.

35 PW3’s complaint against the Accused was investigated by PW10. As a result,
the Accused was prosecuted for (_inter alia_) two counts of criminal breach of
trust. The investigation papers on which the charges were based (“the IPs”)
did not contain any record of either the 1st 999 Call or the 2nd 999 Call made
by PW3. In other words, the IPs show that at the time those papers were
prepared, PW10 was not aware about the precise number of times PW3 had
contacted the police, and that information played little (if any) part in the
decision to prosecute the Accused for the three charges mentioned at [2]
above. The 1st Charge and the 2nd Charge, which were the two charges that the
Prosecution eventually proceeded with, were as follows:[note: 9]

1st CHARGE (RE-AMENDED)

You

…

are charged that that you, sometime on 24.5.2008, … being entrusted with
property, namely, [the Car], did commit criminal breach of trust by
dishonestly converting to your own use, the said property, to wit, by selling
the said motorcar to a car exporter … [for] S$4,000 and retaining the proceeds
of sale, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section
406 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

[handwritten amendments in original incorporated]

2nd CHARGE (AMENDED)

You

…

are charged that you, sometime on or about 22 June 2008, … being entrusted
with property, namely cash amounting to **S$6,412** belonging to [PW3], did
dishonestly misappropriate the said property, and you have thereby committed
criminal breach of trust in respect of the said property, which offence is
punishable under Section 406 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

[emphasis in bold in original]

36 The prosecution of the Accused in the District Court was conducted by the
DPP. The defence counsel was the Applicant. Twelve witnesses testified against
the Accused. His defence to both the 1st Charge and the 2nd Charge was that he
was the victim of a frame-up by PW3 and some of the other prosecution
witnesses.

37 In the course of the District Court trial (specifically, on 22 March 2010),
the Applicant asked PW3 during cross-examination about the Non-999 Call on 20
February 2009, and PW3 replied:[note: 10]

… I remember making a few calls to Police, 2 or 3 times, I can’t remember the
details.

I made 2 phone-calls to Police, by dialling 999, and another one made by my
brother-in-law.

Subsequently, on 20 April 2010, when PW10 was asked by the DPP during re-
examination about the record of the “999” calls made by PW3, he replied that
he “ha[d] no information that a 999 call had been made”.[note: 11]

38 Perplexed by this discrepancy between the testimony of PW3 and that of PW10
as to whether PW3 had made any “999” calls to the police, the DPP directed
PW10 (on 20 April 2010) to make another search of the police call records.
PW10 did so that evening and discovered that PW3 had indeed made two “999”
calls on 31 January 2009. The calls were recorded in four documents:

(a) a first information report for the 1st 999 Call (“T1”);[note: 12]

(b) a full incident report for the 1st 999 Call (“F1”);[note: 13]

(c) a first information report for the 2nd 999 Call (“T2”);[note: 14] and

(d) a full incident report for the 2nd 999 Call (“F2”).[note: 15]

39 PW10 printed out one set of T1, F1, T2 and F2 (collectively, “the four
‘999’ call records”) that evening, and made another three sets of those
documents. The following day (_ie_ , 21 April 2010), he handed the four copies
of the four “999” call records to the DPP either before the trial resumed or
during the court recess. On the same day, PW3 was recalled for cross-
examination by the Applicant. He was then re-examined by the DPP on the “999”
calls which he had made to the police. The exchange between the DPP and PW3
was as follows:[note: 16]

Q:Testified just now, that you made two 999 calls to Police. First, around
end-January or early February 2009.

A:Yes.

Q:When was the second?

A:The second call was on the day when Accused was detained [_viz_ , 20
February 2009].

Q:Remember whether the report or complaint made in the first call?

A:I waited for Accused to tell me the whereabouts of my car, I waited for 5
hours, when he did not turn up, or tell me the whereabouts of my car, I asked
my brother-in-law to call the Police.

Q:Tender exhibit.

CT:Marked at P17(M).

Q:P17(M). Is this the first phone call you described?

A:That’s right.

Q:Put Investigation officer [_viz_ , PW10] on stand-by to admit P17(M).

40 PW10 was then recalled by the DPP for re-examination, and the following
exchange took place:[note: 17]

Q:P17(M). Know what this is?

A:This is First Information Report of 999 call made on 31/1/09. Caller is
[PW3]. In addition, caller made call from handphone 82040840\. There is a
detailed report indicating the caller’s phone number.

Q:Refer to this document. Full Incident Report?

A:Yes.

Q:When obtain these 2 document?

A:Yesterday evening.

DC:Name is Mohd Arif [_viz_ , PW3], not name of. No objection to authenticity.

CT:Admitted as P17, together.

41 What happened here was that on 21 April 2010, the DPP handed T1 and F1 to
PW10 to identify, and they were admitted as a joint exhibit marked as “P17”.
At the same time, the DPP also handed to the Applicant another set of two
documents, which, as it later transpired, turned out to be _T2_ and F1
instead. It is not clear whether the Applicant read the documents there and
then, but he did not cross-examine PW10 to clarify whether the police call
records showed PW3 as having made one or two “999” calls.

42 The Applicant was aware from the contents of T2 and F1 that PW3 had made
two “999” calls about ten minutes apart on the same day. This is evident from
his reference to the two “999” calls (as well as the other two times PW3 had
contacted the police) in his written closing submissions dated 20 August 2010
for the District Court trial. He contended that the four “999” call records
showed “a development in PW3’s endeavo[u]r to frame the [A]ccused”.[note: 18]

43 The DJ convicted the Accused of the 1st Charge (on the finding that he had
dishonestly retained the sale proceeds of $4,000 after selling the Car
contrary to PW3’s instructions (see [32] above)), but acquitted the Accused of
the 2nd Charge (on the finding that the Prosecution had not proved PW3’s
allegation (see, likewise, [32] above) that he had given $6,412 to the
Accused). In his grounds of decision (see _Public Prosecutor v Ezmiwardi Bin
Kanan_ [2011] SGDC 152 (“ _Ezmiwardi (DC)_ ”)), the DJ made no mention
whatever of either the 1st 999 Call or the 2nd 999 Call. In other words,
neither of those calls was relevant to the factual findings made by the DJ in
convicting the Accused of the 1st Charge.

44 The Accused appealed (via MA 401/2010) against his conviction of the 1st
Charge, whilst the Prosecution appealed against his acquittal of the 2nd
Charge. While preparing his skeletal arguments for the appeal, the Applicant
discovered from the record of proceedings that P17 consisted of T1 and F1, but
did not include T2. This led the Applicant to file CM 58/2011 for leave to
admit T2 for the purposes of MA 401/2010. In the Applicant’s 15/8/2011
affidavit filed in support of CM 58/2011, the Applicant made a number of
allegations of misconduct against the DPP as follows:[note: 19]

7\. Tomy surprise, _I discovered that the DPP had given the Court a copy of a
different report for the exhibit P17_. _In particular, she had submitted 2
different versions of a single ‘999’ police report_ allegedly made byPW3 on
31st January 2009\. _At the same time, she_ _had handed me a copy of_ __2
separate__ _‘999’ police reports! This must have been by accident as_ _the
Prosecution’s case was that PW3 had made only one ‘999’ report on that date.
The documents furnished to me proved that this was a clear lie!_ PW3 had
actually made 2 separate ‘999’ reports almost 10 minutes apart.

…

14\. The [Accused]’s case is that PW3 set out to frame him by making a false
police complaint. The material witnesses in support of his claim were
interested parties, his good friend and relatives … Even some of the non-
material witnesses gave strange and inconsistent testimony during the trial.
The ‘cards’ were stacked against the [Accused] and he faced the seemingly
impossible task of proving his innocence.

15\. This document [T2], which I seek to admit at this stage, does taint the
proceedings to an extent. _In particular, the DPP put up a case that there was
only one ‘999’ call made by PW3 when_ __she had two in her hand__ _.__She also
got PW3 to state that he had made only one ‘999’ call when he had earlier
testified that he had made 2 on the same day._

16\. The Investigating Officer, PW10, then took the stand to give testimony
with respect to P17. He was the person who claimed that he had obtained the
said report sometime in the evening of 20th April 2010\. In particular, on
20th April 2010, he had stated that there were no ‘999’ calls on record …
PW10, the unquestioned authority on the authenticity of the document, took the
stand to say that P17 was _2 versions of the same ‘999’ report_.

17\. Having received 2 separate ‘999’ call records by the afternoon of 21st
April 2010, both the DPP and PW10 _chose_ to only admit the earlier call
record as P17. This was probably to maintain ‘consistency’ with PW3’s
testimony. However, in so doing, both the DPP and PW10 were clearly misleading
the Court by distorting the facts of the case. If the DPP had not
‘inadvertently’ furnished me with a Certified True Copy of the other ‘999’
report, the [Accused] would never have known that the case against him was
tainted.

18\. Secondly, a study of PW3’s evidence shows that he was misleading the
Court with respect to the numbers of calls made and the circumstances
surrounding the 1st ‘999’ call … In particular, PW3 stated the following in
E-I-C …:

“Q:Apart from 999, on 20/2/09, to Police, did you call the Police _on any
other occasion_ about this case?

A:Yes.

Q[:]When was that?

A: _I remember making phone call_ to Police when I waited 5 hours, for Accused
to turn up.

_Q:_ _Did police come to your assistance then?_

_A:_ _No._ ”

…

19\. PW3 was clearly testifying that the authorities let him down on that
occasion by failing to respond accordingly. Admission of the 2nd ‘999’ report
would have made a fool of PW3, for it would have shown that _he_ was the
person who told the police not to come. [The Applicant then quoted what PW3
was recorded as having said in the 2nd 999 Call (see sub-para (c) of [34]
above)] …

20\. In a 2nd version, PW3 stated that he made _2_ ‘999’ calls and this time
it was to complain of documents not received. This went against the
Prosecution’s case that only one call was made. The text of P17 … was also
inconsistent with PW3’s testimony. His 2nd version was as follows …:

“Q:Asking you about [the non-999 Call made on 20 February 2009].

A:I have to recall.

I remember making a few calls to Police, 2 or 3 times. I can’t remember the
details.

_I made 2 phone calls to Police by dialing 999_ , and another one made by my
brother-in-law.

Q:To clarify – when did you make these telephone calls?

A:2 telephone-calls were made by me, sometime in December 2008, January 2009
and _I remember making 2 calls within the same day_.

Q:Tell us what happened in the 1st phone call?

A: **The 1 st call was about the documents which Accused was supposed to hand
to me, but he did not do so, and I could not get him in the officer** (sic)”

…

21\. PW3 gave the following testimony on 22nd March 2010, almost a month
_before_ P17 was discovered by PW10 and the DPP. PW3 was actually telling the
truth about the 2 calls albeit lying about the content. After discovering and
coming into possession of the said 2 ‘999’ reports, the DPP and PW10 _decided_
to admit only the 1st. Probably oblivious to the above testimony, the DPP
chose to procure evidence from PW3 that he only made the one ‘999’ call …:

“Q:Testified just now, that you made two 999 calls to Police. _First_ , around
end-January or early February 2009.

A:Yes.

_Q:_ _When was the second?_

_A:_ _The second call was on the day the Accused was detained [_ __viz__ _, 20
February 2009]._

Q:Remember whether the report or complaint made in the first call?

A: **I waited for Accused to tell me the whereabouts of my car, I waited for 5
hours, when he did not turn up, or tell me the whereabouts of my car, I asked
my brother-in-law to call the police.** ” …

22\. Not only was PW3 now changing his position on the number of calls made,
he was also changing the _content_ of his complaint (in bold). With respect to
the latter, this change would have been necessary to make it consistent with
the freshly discoverd P17. Of course, this raises the issue of how PW3 was
aware of the content of the 1st call … _before_ it was even shown to him in
Court?? …

[underlining and bold font in original; remaining emphasis in original
omitted; emphasis added in italics]

45 In reply to the allegations made against her in the Applicant’s 31/1/2012
affidavit, the DPP filed an affidavit dated 2 November 2011 in CM 58/2011 (see
sub-para (b) of [3] above) to state as follows:[note: 20]

8\. Based on my recollection, on 21 April 2010, either shortly before the
proceedings commenced or during the short recess granted by His Honour [_viz_
, the DJ], [PW10] passed to me several sets of documents which he had
retrieved as a result of his search. I consequently had very little time to
peruse the same or to notice that there were 4 different sets of documents,
viz, [T1] and [F1], and [T2] and [F2]. With no cause to doubt that I had given
the Court and the defence copies of the same set of documents, I sought to
have [T1] and [F1] pertaining to what I thought to be the only ‘999’ call
[_ie_ , the 1st 999 Call] admitted in evidence. The said documents were
collectively admitted in evidence by His Honour as P17. …

9 Based on [the Applicant’s 15/8/2011] affidavit, it appears that I had
erroneously provided the Court with copies of [T1] and [F1], whilst [the
Applicant] was furnished with _[F1]_ , and _[T2]_.

10\. With respect to [the Applicant]’s allegation that I had misled the Court
by intentionally withholding _[T2]_ … from His Honour, I declare and affirm
that I had absolutely no such intention and take exception to the cavalier
manner in which [the Applicant] has made such a serious allegation against me
without first having the professional courtesy to notify me … Upon reflection,
I can only surmise that in the confusion of having just received the various
sets of documents on the day of the hearing itself and having neither
sufficient time to examine them closely, nor to notice that they related to
different ‘999’ calls made on the same day, I duly furnished copies of what I
had then assumed were identical sets of documents to His Honour and to [the
Applicant] respectively.

11\. I acknowledge that due to the oversight on my part, His Honour and [the
Applicant] did not have identical copies of the exhibit P17 … I humbly and
sincerely apologise for the said oversight and the inconvenience caused by my
error. However, I categorically maintain that at no time did I intentionally
omit to give [the Applicant] the identical copies of P17 … that I had given to
His Honour, or intentionally withheld _[T2]_ … from His Honour in order to
mislead the Court into believing that PW3 had only made one ‘999’ call.

12\. In paragraph 17 of his affidavit, [the Applicant] has made two
allegations against me:

(a) That I had “got PW3 to state that he had made only one ‘999’ call[”] when
he had earlier testified that he had made “two on the same day”; and

(b) That I had done so “probably to maintain ‘consistency’ with PW3’s
testimony” in order to “mislead the Court by distorting the facts of the
case”, and that had I “not ‘inadvertently’ furnished him with a certified true
copy of the other ‘999’ report”, the [Accused] “would never have known that
the case against him was tainted”.

My responses are as follows:

13\. First, I did not pose leading questions to PW3 in relation to the number
of phone calls he made. If at all, any confusion stemmed from PW3’s testimony.
While my question clearly sought to clarify his earlier testimony about making
two ‘999’ calls … his answer reveals that he confused the call made to the
mainline of Tanglin Police Division [_ie_ , the Non-999 Call made on 20
February 2009] … as being a ‘999’ call … Though PW3 earlier gave testimony
that he made two calls to the Police on the same day, in his answer to my
open-ended question as to when the second call was made he made specific
reference to a ‘999’ call made on the day the [Accused] was arrested. The
existence of [T2] clearly reveals that PW3 had confused the calls. It is
therefore entirely baseless for [the Applicant] to contend that I had “got PW3
to state that he had made only one ‘999’ call[”] when he had earlier testified
that he had made “two on the same day”.

14\. Second, [the Applicant’s] allegation that I acted in bad faith is
entirely baseless. The error on my part in perceiving that only one ‘999’ call
transcript had been retrieved by [PW10] is now before this Honourable Court.
In fact, [the Applicant]’s basis for leveling such allegations is purely from
being in possession of _[T2]_ … which I myself had furnished him. … [The
Applicant]’s allegation that I intended to suppress this evidence and
‘inadvertently’ gave him a copy of the very document I intended to ‘suppress’
is wildly speculative, and untrue.

15\. Further, … [F1] and [T2] clearly relate to two different ‘999’ calls. In
fact, it is evident from the ‘999’ call transcript in his possession [_viz_ ,
T2] that the call in question was a follow-up to an earlier ‘999’ call. Whilst
accepting my own mistake, it must be noted that [the Applicant] could have
nipped the confusion in its bud if he had questioned PW3 on 21 April 2010
based on the ‘999’ call transcript in his possession! Instead, he now dissects
PW3’s evidence given in re-examination and attributes bad faith where there
was none. A further opportunity where [the Applicant] should clearly have been
alerted that something was amiss came when PW10 was recalled on the same day
to formally admit the ‘999’ call transcript. If [the Applicant] had merely
looked at his copies of the ‘999’ call transcripts, he would have immediately
realized that the message set out in [F1] and the message set out in [T2]
(which ought to have corresponded) were completely different.

16\. [The Applicant] has further insinuated at paragraph 22 of his affidavit
that PW3 was shown P17 … before he took the stand on 21 April 2010 which led
to him changing his testimony regarding the number of calls made. I
categorically deny having ‘coached’ or in any way, having interfered with PW3
in order to procure evidence to support the prosecution’s case. I also
categorically deny having shown P17 … to PW3 before re-examining him on 21
April 2010. In this regard, I reiterate that [PW10] only handed me the ‘999’
call transcripts on the morning of 21 April 2010 just prior to the
commencement of the proceedings, or during the short recess granted by the
Court.

17\. … [The Applicant] contended at paragraph 26 of his affidavit that either
the “DPP or [PW10] had chosen to mislead the Court by leading and/or tendering
evidence of only one ‘999’ call when they actually had copies of 2 reports in
their possession”. I categorically deny the allegations and I invite [the
Applicant], having read the materials, to withdraw the same.

[emphasis in original]

46 At the joint hearing of CM 58/2011 and MA 401/2010, the High Court judge
(“the Judge”) admitted in evidence T2 (marked as “P17A”) without any objection
by the Prosecution. He declined to deal with the Applicant’s allegations of
misconduct against the DPP or the DPP’s response to them.

47 At the conclusion of the hearing, the Judge acquitted the Accused of the
1st Charge (the Accused appealed against only his conviction of the 1st Charge
as he had been acquitted by the DJ of the 2nd Charge). The Judge held that the
1st Charge and the 2nd Charge were based on the same transaction, and that the
reason the Accused did not de-register the Car was because PW3 had not paid
him the $13,000 which PW3 had agreed to pay under the terms of the trade-in
agreement (see _Ezmiwardi bin Kanan v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] SGHC 44 (“
_Ezmiwardi (HC)_ ”) at [17]). The Judge also found that PW3’s statement in his
police report made on 28 January 2009 that he had paid $8,000 to the Accused
(see sub-para (a) of [34] above) contradicted his subsequent testimony at the
District Court trial that he had paid $14,412 (_viz_ , $8,000 plus $6,412) to
the Accused (see _Ezmiwardi (HC)_ at [14]–[16]). In the result, the Judge held
that for these and other reasons, the Prosecution had failed to prove the 1st
Charge beyond a reasonable doubt. It therefore followed (_vis-à-vis_ the
Prosecution’s appeal against the Accused’s acquittal of the 2nd Charge) that
the 2nd Charge had also not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt.

48 The setting aside of the Accused’s conviction of the 1st Charge and the
dismissal of the Prosecution’s appeal in respect of the 2nd Charge should have
brought an end to this matter. However, the Applicant said that he had a deep
sense of grievance that the DPP had unjustly put the Accused through the
painful ordeal of a 22-day trial by misleading the DJ on the evidence. No
small part of the Applicant’s grievance could be attributed to his acrimonious
exchange of letters with the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“the AGC”) following
his complaint to the Attorney-General about the DPP’s misconduct at the
District Court trial. The AGC accused the Applicant of making “cavalier”[note:
21] and “entirely speculative”[note: 22] allegations against the DPP “without
any basis whatsoever”,[note: 23] and demanded the withdrawal of those
allegations as well as the tender of an apology to the DPP “as a matter of
courtesy”.[note: 24] The Applicant filed the present OS under s 82A of the LPA
on 31 January 2012, but he was pre-empted by the AGC filing on 19 January 2012
a complaint to the Law Society of Singapore against him for making the
aforesaid allegations.

The Applicant’s allegations of misconduct against the DPP

49 The Applicant’s allegations of the DPP’s misconduct have been set out at
[44] above. Before me, the Applicant summarised his allegations as follows:

(a) the DPP intentionally withheld T2 from the DJ on 21 April 2010 (“the
Applicant’s 1st allegation”);

(b) the DPP misled the DJ, the Accused and the Applicant into believing that
only one “999” call, _viz_ , the 1st 999 Call, had been made by PW3 (“the
Applicant’s 2nd allegation”);

(c) the DPP led PW3 to lie about the two “999” calls which he had made by
making him change his evidence to state that he had made only one “999” call
instead of two (“the Applicant’s 3rd allegation”); and

(d) the DPP colluded with PW10 to mislead the DJ, the Accused and the
Applicant as described at sub-para (b) above (“the Applicant’s 4th
allegation”).

I shall now consider if the Applicant has made out a _prima facie_ case for an
investigation by a Disciplinary Tribunal into each of these allegations.

The Applicant’s 1st allegation: Did the DPP intentionally withhold T2 from the
DJ?

50 In respect of the Applicant’s 1st allegation, on the basis of the evidence
before me, there is proof that: (a) the DPP tendered T1 and F1 to the DJ at
the District Court trial (which documents were admitted and jointly marked as
exhibit “P17”), but did not tender T2 as an exhibit; and (b) at the same time,
the DPP gave a copy of T2 and F1 to the Applicant. There is no evidence that
the DPP _intentionally_ omitted to tender T2 as an exhibit. The Applicant has
argued that the DPP’s omission was intentional because she had been given T2
or had at least been informed of its existence by PW10 when PW10 handed copies
of the four “999” call records to her on 21 April 2010. There is, however, no
such evidence on record. The argument underlying the Applicant’s 1st
allegation is based solely on two primary facts, namely, the DPP did not
tender T2 as an exhibit at the District Court trial, and yet, gave a copy of
it to the Applicant. The Applicant is asking me to infer from these two
primary facts that the DPP intentionally omitted to tender T2 to the DJ as an
exhibit. I am unable, on any reasonable basis, to draw this inference simply
because it would not explain why the DPP gave a copy of T2 to the Applicant if
she had intended not to tender that document as an exhibit in court. Between
inferring that the DPP’s omission to tender T2 as an exhibit was an
intentional act and inferring that that omission was an inadvertent act, it is
unreasonable, if not irrational, to infer the former when it is obviously much
more reasonable to infer the latter, given the lack of _prima facie_ evidence
that the DPP had intended to mislead the DJ into believing that PW3 had made
only one “999” call.

51 The Applicant’s 1st allegation has even less traction when one considers a
crucial question which the Applicant should have asked himself, but did not,
namely – why would the DPP have wanted to mislead the DJ on the number of
“999” calls made by PW3? What was the point of doing so? I accept that the 1st
999 Call and the 2nd 999 Call were part of the background to PW3’s complaints
about the Accused to the police. But, these two “999” calls were not essential
to the Prosecution’s case against the Accused, nor were they part of the
factual basis on which the three charges against the Accused were based. As
such, neither the 1st 999 Call nor the 2nd 999 Call was relied on by the DJ in
convicting the Accused of the 1st Charge. The DPP made no reference to any
“999” call by PW3 as part of the Prosecution’s evidence of the criminal act of
the Accused in retaining the $4,000 which was the subject matter of the 1st
Charge. The DJ made no reference to any “999” call in _Ezmiwardi (DC_);
neither did the Judge in _Ezmiwardi (HC)_. The fact is that the 1st 999 Call
and the 2nd 999 Call were incidental and innocuous events in the context of
the Accused’s prosecution for the 1st Charge and the 2nd Charge. They do not
even qualify as primary facts which go towards proving any of the essential
elements of these two charges.

52 Accordingly, _vis-à-vis_ the Applicant’s 1st allegation, I am unable to
accept, on the evidence before me, that the Applicant has made out a _prima
facie_ case that the DPP intentionally withheld T2 from the DJ. It follows
that it is not justifiable to appoint a Disciplinary Tribunal to investigate
this particular allegation. At the highest, the only rational inference to be
drawn from the DPP’s failure to tender T2 to the DJ as an exhibit is that she
was careless or might even have been negligent in failing to do so. In other
words, as the Applicant himself alleged (in one of his letters to the
Attorney-General), the DPP “botched”[note: 25] her job by not perusing the
four “999” call records carefully before tendering only T1 and F1 as a joint
exhibit at the District Court trial.

The Applicant’s 2nd allegation: Did the DPP mislead the DJ, the Accused and
the Applicant into believing that only one “999” call, viz, the 1st 999 Call,
had been made by PW3?

53 I turn now to the Applicant’s 2nd allegation. Having regard to the factual
basis and the reasoning of the DJ in convicting the Accused of the 1st Charge
while acquitting him of the 2nd Charge, it would be unreasonable, if not
irrational, for me to infer that the DJ was misled into making these two
decisions by the DPP’s omission to tender T2 as an exhibit at the District
Court trial. The DJ could not have been misled as to the materiality or
otherwise of PW3’s “999” calls to the guilt or otherwise of the Accused _vis-
à-vis_ the 1st Charge and the 2nd Charge. As explained earlier, the 1st 999
Call and the 2nd 999 Call were both irrelevant to the essential elements of
these two charges, and the DJ made no reference to either of them in
convicting the Accused of the 1st Charge. The irrelevance of these two calls
is also confirmed by _Ezmiwardi (HC)_ , where the Judge likewise made no
reference to either of these calls in setting aside the Accused’s conviction
of the 1st Charge. The Applicant (and, as a corollary, the Accused) also could
not possibly have been misled into believing that PW3 had made only one “999”
call (_viz_ , the 1st 999 Call) because the Applicant had T2 in his possession
and, as noted earlier (see [42] above), had referred to the 2nd 999 Call in
his written closing submissions for the District Court trial. Accordingly, I
find that the Applicant has not made out a _prima facie_ case for a
Disciplinary Tribunal to be appointed to investigate his second allegation
against the DPP.

The Applicant’s 3rd allegation: Did the DPP lead PW3 to lie by making him
change his evidence to state that he had made only one “999” call instead of
two?

54 The Applicant’s 3rd allegation is based on the Applicant’s interpretation
of the sequence of answers given by PW3 in his testimony when he was re-
examined by the DPP on 21 April 2010 (see the exchange between the DPP and PW3
quoted at [39] above). Essentially, this allegation is based on the case
theory that the DPP and PW10:[note: 26]

… [a]fter discovering and coming into possession of the said 2 ‘999’ reports,
… _decided_ to admit only the 1st. Probably oblivious to the above testimony
[_viz_ , PW3’s oral testimony on 22 March 2010 that he had made two “999”
calls (see the quote at [37] above)], the DPP chose to procure evidence from
PW3 that he only made the one ‘999’ call … [underlining in original]

From the evidence on record, there is nothing which shows or even suggests
that the DPP and PW10 made the above alleged decision or had any reason to do
so. The only relevant evidence in this connection is that PW10, pursuant to
the DPP’s direction (see [38] above), made another search of the police call
records in the evening on 20 April 2010, found the four “999” call records,
made copies of those records and gave them to the DPP on 21 April 2010\. The
DPP then fumbled in tendering only F1 and T1 to the DJ as a joint exhibit on
the same day (_viz_ , 21 April 2010). From these primary facts, I am asked to
infer that the DPP and PW10 decided to admit only F1 and T1, but the DPP let
the cat out of the bag by her carelessness in giving a copy of T2 to the
Applicant. In my view, such an inference is unreasonable, if not irrational.
In fact, the evidence on record shows that the DPP actually reminded PW3 that
he had earlier testified that he had made two “999” calls. But, when asked
when those two calls were made, PW3 gave confusing answers to the DPP’s
questions by referring to the Non-999 Call on 20 February 2009 as his second
“999” call. For ease of reference, I reproduce again below the relevant
exchange between the DPP and PW3 in this regard:[note: 27]

Q:Testified just now, that you made two 999 calls to Police. First, around
end-January or early February 2009.

A:Yes.

Q:When was the second?

A:The second call was on the day when Accused was detained [_viz_ , 20
February 2009].

Q:Remember whether the report or complaint made in the first call?

A:I waited for Accused to tell me the whereabouts of my car, I waited for 5
hours, when he did not turn up, or tell me the whereabouts of my car, I asked
my brother-in-law to call the Police.

55 The Applicant has alleged that PW3’s testimony here shows that PW3 changed
his position on not only the number of “999” calls which he made, but also the
contents of his complaint against the Accused, and that the DPP led him to do
so. In my view, nothing in this exchange suggests that PW3 changed his
evidence or the contents of his complaint (which was that the Accused cheated
him by disposing of the Car in a manner contrary to his instructions). The
Accused did not deny that on the occasion referred to in PW3’s testimony
(quoted above), PW3 did wait for five hours for him to turn up, but in vain.
It is pertinent to note that on appeal in MA 401/2010, the Accused did not
make any written submission to the Judge that PW3 had lied in this regard as a
ground for disbelieving his evidence.

56 It is also pertinent to note that the Applicant’s 3rd allegation was made
only after the Applicant discovered that P17 in the court records consisted of
only T1 and F1. If PW3 had indeed changed his evidence during the District
Court trial as alleged, the Applicant, as defence counsel, would (or at least,
should) have been aware of this. The Applicant could and should have cross-
examined PW3 there and then on the apparent contradictions in his evidence.
Further, the Applicant could also have addressed these inconsistencies in his
written closing submissions. However, he did neither.

57 In the circumstances, I am not satisfied that the Applicant has made out a
_prima facie_ case of misconduct that requires an investigation by a
Disciplinary Tribunal where his third allegation against the DPP is concerned.

The Applicant’s 4th allegation: Did the DPP collude with PW10 to mislead the
DJ, the Accused and the Applicant into believing that only one “999” call
(viz, the 1st 999 Call) had been made by PW3?

58 For the reasons given in relation to the Applicant’s first three
allegations against the DPP (see [50]–[57] above), I find that the Applicant’s
4th allegation – _viz_ , that the DPP colluded with PW10 to mislead the DJ,
the Accused and the Applicant into believing that PW3 had made only one “999”
call, namely, the 1st 999 Call – is completely groundless and unwarranted. It
follows that no _prima facie_ case has been made out for an investigation into
this allegation.

Observations on _ex parte_ applications

59 The present OS is an _ex parte_ application for leave to have the DPP, in
her capacity as an officer of the court, investigated by a Disciplinary
Tribunal for the four alleged acts of misconduct summarised at [49] above. The
Applicant has filed an affidavit in support of his application (_viz_ , the
Applicant’s 31/1/2012 affidavit), in which he has disclosed all the relevant
facts and documents, _except_ the affidavits filed by the DPP and PW10 in CM
58/2011. In not disclosing these documents, the Applicant has withheld a
material fact – namely, that both the DPP and PW10 have endeavoured to
explain, on affidavit, how and why the DPP’s omission to tender T2 as an
exhibit at the District Court trial came about. It is an established principle
of law in all _ex parte_ applications for orders that affect the rights or
interests of the respondent that the applicant must give full disclosure to
the court of all the material facts.

60 Of course, for the purposes of the present OS, I need not and should not
decide on the truth or otherwise of the explanations given by the DPP and PW10
in their respective affidavits filed in CM 58/2011. These affidavits are not
relevant to my determination of whether, on the evidence produced by the
Applicant, a _prima facie_ case has been made out for the purposes of s 82A(6)
of the LPA. Be that as it may, in my view, the fact that the DPP and PW10 have
both denied, on affidavit, the Applicant’s allegations (the truth or otherwise
of their denials being, as just mentioned, irrelevant in this regard) is a
fact that should have been disclosed by the Applicant in his supporting
affidavit for the present OS, especially since the DPP’s and PW10’s affidavits
in CM 58/2011 are already part of the court records for that case. I assume
that this omission on the Applicant’s part was inadvertent, having regard to
the fact that this is the first time that an application is being made under s
82A of the LPA.

Conclusion

61 For the reasons given above, I dismiss the present OS.

* * *

[note: 1]See pp 41–42 of the DPP’s affidavit dated 9 March 2012 (“the DPP’s
9/3/2012 affidavit”).

[note: 2]See p 54 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 3]See p 57 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 4]See p 44 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 5]See pp 41–42 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 6]See p 54 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 7]See p 57 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 8]See p 44 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 9]See the record of proceedings for MA 401/2010 at p 4 (_vis-à-vis_ the
1st Charge) and p 5 (_vis-à-vis_ the 2nd Charge).

[note: 10]See the certified transcript of the notes of evidence of the
District Court trial (“the NE”) at p 264 (reproduced at p 312 of the DPP’s
9/3/2012 affidavit).

[note: 11]See p 476 of the NE (reproduced at p 364 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012
affidavit).

[note: 12]See p 54 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 13]See p 55 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 14]See p 57 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 15]See p 58 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 16]See p 510 of the NE (reproduced at p 396 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012
affidavit).

[note: 17]See p 513 of the NE (reproduced at p 399 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012
affidavit).

[note: 18]See pp 489–490 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 19]See pp 17–22 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 20]See pp 35–37 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 21]See p 17 of the Applicant’s 31/1/2012 affidavit.

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]_Ibid_.

[note: 24]_Ibid_.

[note: 25]See p 25 of the Applicant’s 31/1/2012 affidavit.

[note: 26]See p 21 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012 affidavit.

[note: 27]See p 510 of the NE (reproduced at p 396 of the DPP’s 9/3/2012
affidavit).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

