Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zhang De Long _v_ Tea Yeok Kian  
[2012] SGHC 62

Case Number| :| Suit No 568 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 39 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leslie Yeo Choon Hsien (Sterling Law Corporation) for
appellant/defendant; Ng Hweelon (Legal Clinic LLC) for respondent/plaintiff  
Parties| :|  Zhang De Long — Tea Yeok Kian  
  
21 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the defendant against the assistant registrar’s
dismissal of his application to strike out the plaintiff’s statement of claim.
The defendant’s application was made on the ground that the claim disclosed no
reasonable cause of Action; was scandalous, frivolous or vexatious; and was an
abuse of the process of the court.

2 The plaintiff pleaded that he loaned the defendant “NT$9,300,000 or
US$303,056 at the agreed exchange rate of US$1 to NT30.75”. He further pleaded
that the defendant was to repay the loan with interest at the rate of 1.2% per
month. The plaintiff pleaded that on the defendant’s instructions he remitted
US$292,146 being the principal sum (less three months interest at
US$10,910.00) to the account of Sim Ai Ling. The plaintiff averred that the
defendant failed to repay the loan by 18 June 2011 as agreed. The plaintiff
thus claimed payment of the principal sum and the interest thereon.

3 Mr Leslie Yeo, (“Mr Yeo”) counsel for the defendant, submitted a forceful
argument pointing to all that was wrong with the plaintiff’s case and
asserting that there appeared to be serious problems for the plaintiff so far
as proving his case was concerned. Indeed, the thrust of the defendant’s case
before the assistant registrar and this court on appeal was that the evidence
shows that the plaintiff’s pleadings was wrong. For example, Mr Yeo argued
that the evidence shows that the payor was not the plaintiff and the defendant
was not the recipient either.

4 4 While pleadings should not be an extravagant display of law, evidence and
unnecessary facts, they must have the basic assertions of fact to sustain a
cause of action. The statement of claim here only barely fulfils this
essential requirement. If Mr Yeo is right, it appears that he would have
little difficulty having the plaintiff’s claim dismissed without having the
defendant submitting his case at trial.

5 The plaintiff had been warned by Mr Yeo, the assistant registrar, and myself
that his pleadings may require amendment, unless he is able to find convincing
evidence to prove that which he had pleaded and to explain why some evidence
presently adduced by way of affidavit by Mr Yeo seem to show the unlikelihood
of the plaintiff’s claim.

6 Perhaps the defendant does not wish to endure discovery and interrogatories
that might disclose documents and lead to the plaintiff’s case being proved
when it might not have been as presently pleaded. But that is an unwarranted
fear without merit. Discovery and interrogatories must still be connected to
the claim as pleaded. If the pleadings are insufficient, there may be
sufficient reason for the defendant to resist a “fishing exercise” in
discovery.

7 I was thus of the view that as poorly drafted as it appears, the statement
of claim does disclose a reasonable cause of Action even though the plaintiff
may not have sufficient evidence to prove his case — but that is for the trial
judge to determine. Furthermore, this Action is not time barred, and there is
little to be gained all round by striking it out at this point only for the
plaintiff to commence a new Action with improved pleadings. The defendant’s
application to strike out was, in my view, properly dismissed. His appeal
before me was likewise dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

