Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Rosli bin Yassin  
[2012] SGHC 129

Case Number| :| Criminal Case No 29 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lau Wing Yum, Luke Tan and Toh Puay San for the Public
Prosecutor; Wong Siew Hong (Infinitus Law Corporation) and Daniel Koh (Eldan
Law LLP) for the accused.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Rosli bin Yassin  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Criminal Appeal No 5 of
2012 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 15 January 2013. See [2013] SGCA
21.]

25 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 The accused person, Rosli Bin Yassin (“Rosli”), who is 52 years old, faced
19 charges. A copy of the charge sheet is annexed hereto as “Annex A”. The
Prosecution proceeded with eight charges to which Rosli pleaded guilty. I
accepted his plea of guilt and convicted him accordingly. He agreed to the
other charges being taken into account for the purpose of sentencing.
Unfortunately for Rosli, he had a history of convictions which brought him
within s 12(2)(b) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”).

**[LawNet Admin Note: Annex A is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the
PDF in the Case View Tools.]**

2 The Defence argued against the imposition of preventive detention and
alternatively, for less than ten years’ preventive detention. The Prosecution
pressed for the maximum of 20 years’ preventive detention. On 11 May 2012, I
sentenced Rosli to 12 years’ preventive detention commencing from the date of
my order. Rosli and the Public Prosecutor have each filed an appeal against my
decision on sentence.

The eight charges

3 I set out below in chronological order, the eight charges which Rosli
pleaded guilty to:

10th charge |  - |  This was a charge of cheating with common intention under s 420 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The victim was Sunarti. The maximum imprisonment term was ten years.   
---|---|---  
11th charge |  - |  This charge was similar to the 10th charge. The victim was Sunarti.   
16th charge |  - |  This was a charge of criminal breach of trust under s 406 of the Penal Code. The victim was Zubaidah Binte Ali (“Zubaidah”). The maximum imprisonment term was seven years.  
5th charge |  - |  This was a charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(a) of the Penal Code. The victim was Choo Xue Ying (“Ying”). The maximum imprisonment term was for life.  
3rd charge |  - |  This was a charge of theft under s 379 of the Penal Code. The theft was of items belonging to Ying. The maximum imprisonment term was three years.  
6th charge |  - |  This was a charge of abetment of forgery for the purpose of cheating under s 468 read with s 109 of the Penal Code. The intended victim was Overseas-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”). The maximum imprisonment term was ten years.  
1st charge |  - |  This was a charge of cheating with common intention under s 420 read with s 34 of the Penal Code. The victim was Adros Bin Syed Omar (“Adros”). The maximum imprisonment term was ten years.   
2nd charge |  - |  This charge was similar to the 1st charge. The victim was Adros.  
  
  

4 I will now set out the facts relating to the eight charges. The facts are
derived from the Statement of Facts which Rosli agreed to.

Facts relating to the 10th and 11th charges

5 The victim was Sunarti. She is 40 years old and holds an Indonesian
passport. Rosli used an accomplice by the name of Jelly, an Indonesian who
overstayed. She is 34 years old. Rosli and Jelly were staying at various
places in Singapore at the material time.

6 On 15 August 2008, Jelly approached Sunarti who was having a meal in a
coffee shop at Lorong 20 Geylang. Rosli was standing near Jelly. Jelly told
Sunarti that Rosli had $300,000 in a bank but needed a bank book to withdraw
the money. She asked Sunarti to lend her $150 to buy a bank book in order to
withdraw the money and promised to give Sunarti $1,000 after the money was
withdrawn.

7 Sunarti agreed. Thereafter, both of them walked to the POSB bank located at
Lorong 25 Geylang with Rosli following behind. Upon their arrival at the bank,
Sunarti saw Rosli handing over a piece of paper which looked like a bank paper
to Jelly. Jelly then placed her passport on a counter and also took Sunarti’s
passport and asked her for the $150. She handed the money to Jelly. Following
that, Jelly wrote both her name and Sunarti’s name on the piece of bank paper.
Thereafter, Sunarti was told to wait outside the bank and she did so. When
Rosli and Jelly came out of the bank, they told Sunarti that the bank book
would only be ready for collection the next day.

8 The trio then walked along Geylang Road and subsequently checked into Min
Hwa Hotel. Jelly registered for the room using her passport and the trio
stayed there.

9 The following morning (16 August 2008), pursuant to the same promise that
Sunarti would be given $1,000 upon the successful withdrawal of money from the
bank and in furtherance of the common intention of both Jelly and Rosli, Jelly
asked Sunarti for another $100 to pay the hotel charges, which the latter
gave. The trio then went to Lorong 25 Geylang to have their meal. Thereafter,
they proceeded to the same POSB bank again.

10 While there, Sunarti was again told to wait outside the bank by Jelly.
Rosli and Jelly then went into the bank. A short while later, both of them
came out of the bank and told Sunarti that the money still could not be
withdrawn. They subsequently returned to the hotel and stayed there for the
next few days.

11 On 26 August 2008, Rosli told Sunarti to proceed to the POSB bank first and
that he and Jelly would meet up with her there later. Rosli also said that
they would be getting the money from the bank on that day. Before leaving the
hotel, Sunarti lent Rosli her Nokia N80 handphone.

12 Sunarti went to the bank alone and waited for Rosli and Jelly. However,
after an hour, there was still no sign of them. Sensing that something was
wrong, she immediately called her own mobile number, using a public phone.
Rosli answered and said that they were at Lorong 18 Geylang.

13 Sunarti then ran to Lorong 18 Geylang where she met Rosli and Jelly. The
trio then took a taxi to the Immigration and Checkpoints Authority (“ICA”)
Building.

14 On their arrival at the ICA Building, both Jelly and Sunarti were told by
Rosli to wait at the second level waiting area. After a few hours, Rosli still
did not return. They tried to look for him but to no avail.

15 Jelly and Sunarti subsequently left the ICA Building. Along the way,
Sunarti approached a man at a bus stop and sought his help. He then called the
police.

Facts relating to the 16th charge

16 The victim was Zubaidah. She is 50 years old. At the material time, she was
working as a cleaner at an MRT station.

17 On 12 October 2008 at about 9am, Zubaidah was carrying out her cleaning
duty at an MRT station. Rosli approached her, introduced himself as “Ali” and
claimed that he was working as a cleaner at the Geylang area. He told Zubaidah
that his company was looking for cleaners and that he could get jobs at his
company for her friends. In response, she told Rosli that she might introduce
her friend to him. Thereafter, they exchanged contact numbers.

18 On the following morning (13 October 2008) at about 9am, Rosli called
Zubaidah and told her to meet him at the coffeeshop located at the junction of
Aljunied Road and Sims Avenue to discuss the job offer.

19 On the same day, at about 10am, both Zubaidah and her friend, one Mariam
Bte Ahmad, arrived at the said coffeeshop. They met Rosli and started to
discuss the job offer. At one juncture, Rosli told Zubaidah that he needed her
handphone to contact his boss and further told her that he needed to see his
boss at Tuas.

20 Zubaidah handed her silver Nokia handphone to Rosli. Both Zubaidah and her
friend were then asked to wait for Rosli at the coffeeshop. However, after a
few hours, he did not return. Zubaidah then tried calling the contact number
which was given to her by Rosli but to no avail. Zubaidah lodged a police
report on 16 October 2008.

Facts relating to the 5th charge

21 The victim was Ying. She is 47 years old. Prior to her demise, she was
single and worked as a property agent.

22 Investigations revealed that Rosli became acquainted with Ying sometime in
July 2008. Rosli and Ying had business dealings with each other shortly after
that.

23 On 14 October 2008, Rosli introduced Ying to Jelly. Thereafter, Jelly and
Rosli were driven by Ying in her car on several occasions. Rosli told Jelly
that he and Ying were embarking on some business venture.

24 On 16 October 2008, sometime in the morning, Jelly went to the Geylang East
Community Library with Rosli and Rosli told her that he was expecting to meet
Ying there. On the same day, at about 2pm, Rosli told Jelly that he was
leaving the library with Ying for some business. He told Jelly to wait for him
at the library.

25 Rosli and Ying then travelled in Ying’s car to Lorong Sesuai. Only Rosli
and Ying were in the car when Ying stopped the car at Lorong Sesuai to discuss
the money which Rosli alleged was owed to him by Ying.

26 An argument broke out between them while they were in the car. During the
argument, Rosli punched Ying’s head and face many times. Rosli also kicked
Ying’s left thigh area.

27 Rosli then suggested that they discuss the matter outside the car. Both
Rosli and Ying alighted from the vehicle to discuss the matter further. At
that time, Ying said that she would call the police. On hearing this, Rosli
snatched Ying’s mobile phone away from her. He then struck Ying on her head
several times and also punched and kicked her. She fell down.

28 Rosli carried Ying’s body to the base of a slope at Lorong Sesuai. She
subsequently died from the head injuries caused by Rosli.

29 Rosli then drove away in Ying’s car but collided the car into a tree while
doing so. He then drove the car from Lorong Sesuai to Jalan Kubor and removed
Ying’s laptop and her handbag and its contents from the car which he
abandoned. The contents were as stated in the 3rd charge.

30 On the same day, at or about 4pm, while Jelly was still at the library, she
received a call from Rosli. Rosli told Jelly to meet him at a coffee shop
located at Sungei Road. When she arrived at Sungei Road, Rosli was seen with
some of Ying’s belongings. The belongings included a laptop and a brown
handbag. Rosli subsequently sold the laptop for $300 and kept some of the
credit cards and cheques that were found in Ying’s handbag.

31 Ying’s body was discovered a few days later on 20 October 2008 by a man who
detected a strong stench when he was jogging along Lorong Sesuai.

Facts relating to the 6th charge

32 The intended victim was OCBC. As will be recalled from the events set out
above in respect of Ying, Rosli had taken her handbag. One of the items in the
handbag was Ying’s cheque book for her account with OCBC.

33 On 18 October 2008 at about 1pm before meeting Adros, Rosli instigated
Jelly to forge Ying’s signature on various cheques, including one in respect
of Ying’s account with OCBC bearing number 449312. For reasons which will be
elaborated below, Adros wrote the sum of $500,000 and his name as payee onto
the cheque. Adros subsequently banked the cheque into his POSB account.

34 The purpose of Jelly’s forgery was to deceive OCBC into believing that the
cheque was signed by Ying and to credit Adros’ account with the sum in
question.

Facts relating to the 1st and 2nd charges

35 The victim was Adros. He is 46 years old. He had known Rosli before the
commission of the offences.

36 On 18 October 2008 at or about 1pm, Adros met with Rosli and Jelly at
Marine Parade Food Centre. Rosli introduced Jelly as his wife.

37 Rosli told Adros that he had recently inherited his father’s property worth
a few million dollars and asked Adros if he was interested in setting up a
business venture involving a coffeeshop with him. Rosli further said that he
would help Adros by giving him money to set up the business. Adros was
interested in the proposal. Thereafter, Rosli showed Adros a few blank but
signed blank cheques and claimed that they had been issued by his lawyer to
him. In actual fact, the cheques belonged to Ying and Rosli had asked Jelly to
sign three of the cheques earlier, before the meeting with Adros.

38 Rosli told Adros that he could not withdraw the money himself as he did not
have a bank book and asked Adros to put his own name on one of the cheques. He
further told Adros that he wished to borrow some money from Adros and that
when the cheque was encashed and honoured by the bank, Adros could deduct the
money that was borrowed from him from the amount obtained and he would also
give Adros some money for helping him. Rosli then gave Adros one of the signed
cheques (OCBC cheque number 449312 bearing the name of Ying) and told Adros to
fill in the amount of $500,000. Adros agreed to the arrangement and did as he
was told by Rosli.

39 Thereafter, the trio proceeded to a POSB bank located at Suntec City where
Adros deposited the cheque into his bank account.

40 Later, on the same day at or about 3pm, the trio went to Haig Road. While
there, Rosli and Jelly asked Adros to advance them a sum of $1,400 pending the
clearance of the cheque as per their previous arrangement and he did so. Rosli
kept $400 while $1,000 was handed to Jelly.

41 On 20 October 2008 at or about 4pm at Haig Road Food Centre, Rosli again
asked Adros for another loan, this time for a sum of $10,000. This was
pursuant to the arrangement previously agreed to by the trio whereby Adros
would be repaid when the cheque for the sum of $500,000 had been honoured by
OCBC. Adros accordingly issued and delivered a POSB cash cheque for $10,000
(cheque number 522082) to Rosli.

42 On 21 October 2008 at or about 9.04am, Jelly obtained $10,000 from Adros’
POSB cash cheque using her Indonesia passport at DBS Bank, Marine Parade
branch.

43 On 21 October 2008, Adros received a call from POSB informing him that the
OCBC cheque bearing number 449312 for $500,000 which had been banked into his
bank account had been rejected as the signature was different from the
authorised one. When this happened, Adros tried to contact Rosli but he was
unsuccessful. The following day (22 October 2008), Adros received a Returned
Cheque Advice (B080280). He then tried to locate both Rosli and Jelly again,
but to no avail. Hence, Adros decided to lodge a police report.

Memorandum of Certified Previous Convictions

44 A copy of the Memorandum of Certified Previous Convictions (“MCPC”) of
Rosli is annexed hereto as Annex B.

**[LawNet Admin Note: Annex B is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via the
PDF in the Case View Tools.]**

Submissions on sentencing

45 It was common ground that, in view of the MCPC, Rosli qualified for
preventive detention under s 12(2)(b) of the CPC. Once its requirements are
met, that provision stipulates that, “if the Court is satisfied that it is
expedient for the protection of the public that he should be detained in
custody for a substantial period of time ..., the Court, unless it has special
reasons for not so doing, shall pass, in lieu of any sentence of imprisonment,
a sentence of preventive detention” of between 7 to 20 years.

46 If I was not minded to impose a sentence of preventive detention, then
under s 18 of the CPC, I was obliged to impose at least two consecutive
sentences of imprisonment for the offences for which Rosli had been convicted.

47 The Defence stressed that all of Rosli’s previous and present convictions
were for petty offences save for the one where he killed Ying. They submitted
that that violent offence was uncharacteristic of him and that it was his
first violent offence. They submitted that the attack on Ying was not
premeditated. They also submitted that he was not beyond redemption or too
recalcitrant for reformation, and that a prolonged period of incarceration
would not help him to integrate into society after serving his sentence. For
that last point, they relied on a report dated 27 February 2012 by Dr Tommy
Tan, a clinical psychiatrist. The report stated at p 2:

There are various factors that contributed to his high risk of offending:

a. Mental retardation,

b. Lack of occupational skills,

c. Lack of social support,

d. Lack of family support,

e. Impulsive behaviour,

f. Lack of remorse.

As to whether Mr Rosli is suitable for treatment and rehabilitation, the
answer is yes. His low IQ is inherent and there is nothing that can be done
about it. Occupational and social skills training, medication and
psychotherapy can resolved [_sic_] some of these factors. Social support can
be met by external agencies such as a halfway house or a nursing home.

The factors that cause Mr Rosli to be at high risk of re-offending cannot be
address [_sic_] by psychiatry alone. I am of the view [that] unless these are
adequately and suitably addressed, Mr Rosli will remain a significant risk of
offending after he is released. If he is sentenced to a lengthy period of
preventive detention, his risk can only be increased because he will become
institutionalised and lose any minimal skills and supports he now possesses.

48 I add that in an earlier report dated 3 October 2011, Dr Tan had referred
to Rosli’s mental retardation as mild. There was also no suggestion by any
medical expert that Rosli was not suitable for preventive detention by reason
of his physical or mental condition.

49 If preventive detention was to be ordered, the Defence submitted that ten
years was an appropriate starting point. They also submitted that Rosli’s
period of remand since 1 November 2008 should be taken into account.
Accordingly, any sentence for preventive detention should be for less than ten
years.

50 The Defence relied in particular on _Public Prosecutor v Perumal s/o
Suppiah_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 145 (“ _Perumal_ ”). The first paragraph of the
headnote states:

The respondent pleaded guilty and was convicted on a charge of voluntarily
causing hurt with a dangerous weapon and a charge of drug consumption. The
respondent had a lengthy history of previous convictions since 1979. He had a
total of 17 convictions for a variety of assault offences, including an
offence of culpable homicide not amounting to murder, theft offences and drug
related offences. He was also admitted to drug rehabilitation centres on three
occasions and had been placed under drug supervision on four previous
occasions.

51 The district judge there declined to impose preventive detention and
imposed a sentence of seven years’ imprisonment and six strokes of the cane
for the two charges. On appeal by the prosecution, the High Court imposed
preventive detention for ten years. As mentioned above, the Defence had
submitted that Rosli’s history did not involve any violent crime, unlike that
of the accused person in _Perumal_.

52 The Defence acknowledged that in _Public Prosecutor v Raffi_ _Bin Jelan and
another_ [2004] SGHC 120, the High Court had imposed 20 years’ preventive
detention, but they submitted that the facts there were different and, in
particular, the court there had concluded that the accused was incapable of
being rehabilitated, which they submitted is not the case for Rosli.

53 The Prosecution stressed that there was a high risk of re-offending as
Rosli lacked remorse, a point not disputed by the Defence. It is worth noting,
however, that the Defence submitted that the risk of re-offending is confined
to non-violent crimes.

54 The Prosecution submitted that once Rosli turned to crime, he did not stop.
From 1991 to 2008, he had been convicted of about 16 offences including
cheating, theft and forgery. As can be seen from the MCPC, he had even been
sentenced to eight years of preventive detention in April 1999 on charges of
cheating and dishonestly inducing the delivery of property. The Prosecution
elaborated that even then, he escaped in the last stage of serving that
sentence. After being caught, he served the rest of that sentence and another
sentence for his escape. After his release, he continued to cheat and was
sentenced in April 2008 to 12 months’ imprisonment on two charges of cheating
and dishonestly inducing the delivery of property. He was released on 12 June
2008 but, within less than two months, he began to commit a series of offences
which resulted in the current 19 charges being pressed against him.

55 The Prosecution submitted that Rosli had engaged in a career of crime since
1991 which escalated to causing the death of an innocent woman whom he left to
die and whose cheques he stole in order to commit a further offence.

56 The Prosecution submitted that Rosli is a menace to society. Relying on
[40]-[41] of the judgment in _Perumal_ , they also submitted that once the
court was satisfied that the public ought to be protected from Rosli, then the
court must impose preventive detention unless it has special reasons not to do
so. There were no special reasons in Rosli’s case.

57 They also referred to [38] of the judgment in _Perumal_ where Yong Pung How
CJ (“Yong CJ”) stressed that preventive detention is “essentially aimed at the
protection of the public while [imprisonment] reflects the traditional
policies of prevention, deterrence, rehabilitation and retribution”.

58 They submitted that 20 years’ preventive detention was appropriate and no
discount should be given for Rosli’s remand since 1 November 2008.

59 The Prosecution tendered a table of precedents for sentences of preventive
detention for which I am grateful. _Perumal_ is one of the cases included in
the table. It will be recalled that _Perumal_ was a case in which the accused
person had committed a violent crime before.

60 However, in the earlier case of _Heng Jong Cheng v Public Prosecutor_
[1999] 1 SLR(R) 769, there was no antecedent of a violent crime. The
antecedents involved housebreaking and theft by night and concealment or
disposal of stolen property. The accused person there was then facing 23
charges of abetment of cheating, one charge of abetment of attempted cheating
and one charge of affray. Yong CJ imposed a sentence of 20 years’ preventive
detention.

The court’s reasons

61 There is no rule to say that preventive detention is restricted to cases
where the antecedents or current offences involve a violent crime. However,
naturally, if violence was involved in the past or present offences, the
argument for preventive detention becomes stronger than where no violence had
been committed.

62 Similar considerations apply when one is considering whether to impose the
maximum preventive detention of 20 years.

63 In Rosli’s case, there was no violent offence in the past but his
proclivity for crime has escalated and culminated in a violent crime which
resulted in the death of an innocent person. True, that appears to be
uncharacteristic of him. It is also true that he was not trying to cheat Ying
and so the background leading to her death was not connected to his cheating
habits.

64 On the other hand, I was satisfied that his proclivity to cheat others made
him a menace and made it expedient to protect the public. The facts
surrounding the present offences for which he was convicted, other than the
offence under the 5th charge, showed that he was a cunning predator of naive
members of the public. Furthermore, he lacked remorse and was incorrigible.

65 While it was uncharacteristic of him to resort to violence, the fact that
he did do so was worrying, especially when it resulted in death. His callous
conduct in dumping Ying’s body and stealing her cheques to cheat yet again
once more illustrated his lack of remorse.

66 As for Dr Tommy Tan’s opinion that the risk of offending will increase
under preventive detention, I was of the view that this was not a special
reason to persuade me to withhold preventive detention.

67 This did not mean that we should give up entirely on Rosli. The programme
under preventive detention does also try to assist Rosli to fit into society.
The Prosecution set out the following stages of preventive detention in para
21 of their Further Supplementary Submissions on Sentence:

21\. In any event, it is submitted that the accused’s needs will still be
catered for even if preventive detention is imposed. Regulation 15 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Corrective Training and Preventive Detention)
Regulations 2010 states that “[a] sentence of preventive detention shall be
served in three stages in Changi Prison”.

(a) During the first stage, a prisoner will be treated like prisoners serving
a sentence of imprisonment.

(b) As for the second stage, Regulation 18 provides that “[p]risoners serving
sentences of preventive detention shall be accommodated in a separate part of
the prison, and shall not be allowed to associate with prisoners serving a
sentence of imprisonment, except in approved cases in the course of industrial
employment”. During the second stage, a prisoner may become eligible to earn
privileges similar to those allowed to a prisoner serving a sentence of
imprisonment.

(c) As for the third stage, Regulation 22 provides that “[d]uring the third
stage every effort shall be made, by special industrial and social training
and otherwise, to fit a person to take his place in normal social life on
discharge”. Thus, the third stage essentially serves as a prelude (although
not a necessity) and as preparation for the offender to possibly be released
on licence ..., subject to his “character, conduct and prospects” being
considered to determine his suitability for such release.

68 The Prosecution informed me that the Criminal Procedure Code (Corrective
Training and Preventive Detention) Regulations 2010 would be applied in
Rosli’s case and, in any event, such regulations were similar in substance to
their predecessors.

69 I was of the view that I should impose a sentence of preventive detention.
The remaining issue was the length of the sentence.

70 In my view, the Prosecution’s call for 20 years was clearly excessive in
the circumstances, especially bearing in mind that there was no history of
violence and no premeditation in causing Ying’s death. The Defence’s
submission of ten years as a starting point was on the low side bearing in
mind Rosli’s past and present offences and the sentences Rosli had served. I
was of the view that, on the facts before me, 15 years would be appropriate as
a starting point without taking into account any period of remand.

71 The question which I then considered was whether the court was precluded
from giving a discount by taking the period of remand into consideration.
Strictly speaking, this is not the same as imposing a sentence of preventive
detention with retrospective effect although one may argue that the outcome is
substantially the same in both cases.

72 In _Public Prosecutor v Rahim bin Basron_ [2010] 3 SLR 278, the Prosecution
argued that a court could not impose a sentence of preventive detention with
retrospective effect. The Prosecution also argued that, in any event, the
backdating of a sentence was not a matter of right for the accused person and
that since the objective of preventive detention is to protect the public from
menaces, the accused person should not be given a discount. Tay Yong Kwang J
did not appear to favour the latter argument. He said at [57]:

... I am not sure there is a difference in principle in the treatment of the
period spent in remand when imposing preventive detention on the one hand and
when ordering imprisonment on the other since, in both cases, the public is
protected and the accused has his liberty curtailed while he is in remand.

73 However, on the facts of that case, Tay J decided to impose the maximum 20
years of preventive detention. Tay J did not decide whether a court is
precluded from imposing preventive detention retrospectively.

74 I was of the view that even if a court was so precluded, there was nothing
to preclude a court from taking into account the period of remand. The court
has a discretion whether to take the remand into account or not and, if it
does take the remand into account, a discretion to determine the amount of
discount. I was also of the view that there was no reason in principle to
ignore a period of remand although in the present case, the Prosecution
submitted that no discount should be given for the remand.

75 Neither side was to be blamed for the length of remand because, apparently,
Rosli initially faced a charge of murder for which there was a trial before
another court until the charge was reduced. In all the circumstances, I was of
the view that it was just to take into account the fact that Rosli had been
held in remand since 1 November 2008.

76 Accordingly, I imposed a sentence of 12 years’ preventive detention from
the date of my order.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

