Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chia Kim Huay (litigation representative of the estate of Chua Chye Hee,
deceased) _v_ Saw Shu Mawa Min Min and another  
[2012] SGHC 172

Case Number| :| Suit No 704 of 2010/V (Summons No 5809 of 2011/Z and Summons
No 135 of 2012/Q)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Paul Yap Tai San (Vision Law LLC) for the plaintiff; Niru
Pillai (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the first and second defendants.  
Parties| :|  Chia Kim Huay (litigation representative of the estate of Chua
Chye Hee, deceased) — Saw Shu Mawa Min Min and another  
  
27 August 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The purpose of the offer to settle mechanism prescribed under Order 22A of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), which is derived from rule 49
of the Rules of Civil Procedure, Ontario RRO 1990, Reg 194, is to “encourage
termination of litigation by the agreement of the parties — more speedily and
less expensively than by judgment of the court at the end of the trial”: _per_
Morden ACJO in _Data General (Canada) Ltd v Molnar Systems Group_ (1991) 85
DLR (4th) 392 at 398. Ironically, it was the construction of an offer to
settle under Order 22A that lay at the heart of the dispute in the present
matter.

2 This matter raises the interesting question of whether and, if so, to what
extent, do ordinary contractual principles of offer and acceptance apply to
the statutory regime of offers to settle under Order 22A. The theoretical
answer to the question must be that ordinary contractual principles apply to
the extent that they are not inconsistent with what the Rules of Court
expressly provide. However, as will be seen in the present case, the
application of theory to practice is not as straightforward as it seems.

The facts

Background

3 On 15 April 2009, Chua Chye Hee (“the Plaintiff”) was involved in a motor
accident with Saw Shu Mawa Min Min (“the 1st Defendant”). As a result of the
accident, the Plaintiff was rendered tetraplegic. At the material time of the
accident, the First Defendant was an employee of GEA Westfelia Separator (SEA)
Pte Ltd (“the 2nd Defendant”).

4 On 15 September 2010, the Plaintiff commenced Suit No 704 of 2010 against
both the 1st and 2nd Defendants, with liability and damages to be determined
in two separate tranches. On 10 February 2011, interlocutory judgment on the
issue of liability was entered by consent against the 1st and 2nd Defendants
for 100%, with the Plaintiff’s damages to be assessed and with interest and
costs reserved.

5 After determining the issue of liability, the 2nd Defendant’s insurer,
Allianz Global Corporate and Specialty AG, Singapore Branch stepped in to
defend the suit on behalf of the 1st and 2nd Defendants. For convenience, I
shall refer to the insurer as “the Defendant”, since it was the party who made
the relevant offer to settle to the Plaintiff in this suit.

The Defendant’s first offer to settle

6 On 9 March 2011, the Defendant made an offer to settle under Order 22A to
the Plaintiff at $352,316.08, representing the estimated loss of the
Plaintiff’s earnings calculated based on a 3 year multiplier.

The Plaintiff’s first offer to settle

7 On 21 March 2011, the Plaintiff made an offer to settle under Order 22A to
the Defendant at the sum of $594,954.60, representing the estimated loss of
his earnings calculated based on a higher multiplier of 5.75 years. The
Plaintiff also gave the Defendant full access to his medical records. On 3 May
2011, the Defendant’s medical expert conducted an independent examination of
the Plaintiff.

The Defendant’s second offer to settle

8 On 17 June 2011, based on the medical examination and their first offer to
settle, the Defendant made a second offer to settle under Order 22A to the
Plaintiff at $435,000.00. The Defendant wrote a letter to the Plaintiff in
Form 33, stating:

**OFFER TO SETTLE**

The Defendants offer to settle the proceedings under Order 22A by paying the
Plaintiff the following:

1\. The sum of **S$435,000.00** as damages and interests.

2\. Costs of the action and reasonable disbursements to be agreed or otherwise
taxed.

Dated this 17th day of June 2011

[Signed]

9 The figure of $435,000.00 is an intermediate figure between the Defendant’s
first offer to settle at $352,316.08; and the Plaintiff’s first offer to
settle at $594,954.60. Attached to this second offer to settle is another
letter which set out the following table:

Item |  Plaintiff’s quantification of 2.9.10 |  Plaintiff’s quantification of 21.3.11 |  Our clients’ quantification  
---|---|---|---  
Pain and suffering |  S$280,000.00 |  **S$225,000.00** |  S$180,000.00  
Future medical expenses |  S$30,000.00 |  **S$30,000.00** |  S$30,000.00  
Future employment of maid |  S$48,960.00 ($510 X 12 mths X 8 yrs) |  **S$48,300.00** ($700 X 12 mths X 5.75 yrs) |  S$35,190.00 ($510 X 12 mths X 3 yrs)  
Future costs of diapers/pads |  S$20,263.67 ($211.08 X 12 mths X 8 yrs) |  **S$14,564.52** ($211.08 X 12 mths X 5.75 yrs) |  S$14,564.52 ($211.08 X 12 mths X 5.75 yrs)  
Costs of future additional utility |  S$13,498.56 ($140.61 X 12 mths X 8 yrs) |  **S$9,702.09** ($140.61 X 12 mths X 5.75 yrs) |  S$9,702.09 ($140.61 X 12 mths X 5.75 yrs)  
Costs of future medical equipment |  S$15,000.00 |  **S$48,300.00** ($700 X 12 mths X 5.75 yrs) |  S$15,000.00  
Future transport expenses |  S$5,000.00 |  **S$12,000.00** |  S$5,000.00  
Loss of future earnings |  S$188,488.00 ($23,561 X 8 yrs) |  **S$135,475.75** ($23,561 X 5.75 yrs) |  S$70,683.00 ($23,561 X 3 yrs)  
Medical expenses |  S$22,741.82 |  **S$22,741.82** |  S$22,741.82  
Transport expenses |  S$3,000.00 |  **S$3,000.00** |  S$3,000.00  
Costs of employing maid |  S$7,650.00 |  **S$7,650.00** |  S$7,650.00  
Cost of diapers/pads |  S$2,533.00 |  **S$2,533.00** |  S$2,533.00  
Additional utility expenses |  S$1,687.32 |  **S$1,687.32** |  S$1,687.32  
Loss of earnings |  Not stated |  **S$34,000.00** (17 mths X $2,000) |  S$33,505.58 (17 mths X $1,970.92)  
Cost of repairs |  Reserved |  **Reserved** |  –  
Loss of use |  Reserved |  **Reserved** |  –  
  
  

10 The dispute in the present case is whether or not this second offer to
settle from the Defendant dated 17 June 2011 (“the Defendant’s second offer to
settle”) had been validly accepted by the Plaintiff.

The Plaintiff’s second offer to settle

11 On 23 August 2011, the Plaintiff made a second offer to settle to the
Defendant at $600,000, inclusive of all interim payments. However, the
Defendant did not accept this offer to settle and nothing in this case turns
on this second offer to settle made by the Plaintiff.

12 In summary, the Plaintiff and the Defendant each made two offers to settle
pursuant to Order 22A. However, as will be seen, this case turns solely upon
whether the Defendant’s second offer to settle was validly accepted.

The Plaintiff’s 1st and 2nd Acceptances

13 On 27 August 2011, which was a Saturday, the Plaintiff’s counsel accepted
the Defendant’s second offer to settle via two modes:

(a) by sending a facsimile in Form 35 at 6.26 pm to the Defendant’s counsel,
(“the 1st Acceptance”); and

(b) by personally posting an acceptance in Form 35 to the address of the
Defendant’s counsel at about 6.45 pm (“the 2nd Acceptance”).[note: 1]

14 The 1st and 2nd Acceptances were similarly worded:

**PLAINTIFF’S ACCEPTANCE OF DEFENDANTS’ OFFER TO SETTLE**

The Plaintiff accepts the Defendants’ Offer to Settle dated the 17th day of
June 2011 on the terms stated therein.

Dated this 27th August 2011

[Signed]

15 Mr Chua Chean Veen, the Senior Executive Claims of the Defendant, stated in
his affidavit that he was advised by his counsel that:

(a) the 1st Acceptance was received by facsimile on Monday, 29 August 2011;
and

(b) the 2nd Acceptance was received by post on Wednesday, 31 August
2011.[note: 2]

16 The parties seemed to dispute the exact timing when the Defendant’s counsel
received the 2nd Acceptance. I note that the Plaintiff produced a copy of the
2nd Acceptance with a stamp at the bottom right hand corner which stated:

This document served on us at **2.09 pm** on **31/8/11**.

[Signed]

GLOBAL LAW ALLIANCE LLC

17 As the authenticity of this document or the stamp therein was not disputed,
I therefore found that the earliest time that Defendant’s counsel had been
physically served the 2nd Acceptance was 2.09 pm on 31 August 2011.

Death of the Plaintiff

18 At 11.06 am on 29 August 2011, the Plaintiff passed away. Although the
Plaintiff’s counsel had posted the 2nd Acceptance two days **_prior_** to the
Plaintiff’s death, the 2nd Acceptance was however received by the Defendant’s
counsel two days **_after_** the Plaintiff’s death.

The 3rd Acceptance

19 After the Plaintiff passed away, both the Plaintiff’s and the Defendant’s
counsel wrote to each other disputing whether or not the Plaintiff had validly
accepted the Defendant’s second offer to settle _via_ either the 1st
Acceptance or the 2nd Acceptance. In the meantime, the Defendant’s counsel did
not withdraw the Defendant’s second offer to settle.

20 On 8 December 2011, on the instructions of Chia Kim Huay, the litigation
representative of the estate of the Plaintiff (hereinafter also referred to as
the “Plaintiff” where the context applies), the Plaintiff’s counsel served
another acceptance in Form 35 (“the 3rd Acceptance”) on the Defendant’s
counsel accepting the Defendant’s second offer to settle, which the
Defendant’s counsel took no steps to withdraw despite knowing full well that
the Plaintiff had already passed away more than three months ago. The service
and receipt of the 3rd Acceptance was not disputed. The Defendant’s second
offer to settle was finally withdrawn by Defendant’s counsel on 13 January
2012 using Form 34.

The Plaintiff’s Summons No 5809 of 2011

21 On 23 December 2011, the Plaintiff filed Summons No 5809 of 2011 praying
for judgment to be entered for the Plaintiff on the terms of the Defendant’s
second offer to settle, which the Plaintiff contended had been validly
accepted. In response, the Defendant filed Summons No 135 of 2012 on 10
January 2012 seeking the following declaratory relief:

(a) a declaration that the Defendant’s second offer to settle was not validly
accepted by the Plaintiff before he passed away on 29 August 2011; and

(b) a declaration that the Defendant’s second offer to settle had determined
on the death of the Plaintiff on 29 August 2011 and was thereafter no longer
capable of being accepted.

22 I heard the both counsel on 26 March 2012 and granted the prayers of the
Plaintiff in Summons No 5809 of 2011 and dismissed Summons No 135 of 2012. I
ordered the Defendant to pay:

(a) general damages of $360,139.61;

(b) special damages of $71,117.71;

(c) pre-judgment interest of $3,742.67; and

(d) costs and reasonable disbursements of both Summonses to be fixed at $2,500
with the usual consequential orders to follow.

23 After making the above order, the Defendant’s counsel wrote in to request
for further arguments to be made. After considering the further arguments, I
confirm my decision and I shall now give the grounds for my decision.

The legal issue

24 The only legal issue in the present case before me is simply which, if any,
of the three acceptances made by the Plaintiff are valid? As long as the
Plaintiff can successfully show that at least one acceptance has been validly
served and received while the Defendant’s second offer to settle is still
valid, the Defendant’s second offer to settle must have been validly accepted.

The applicable law

25 Before going into the specifics of the Order 22A mechanism, it is important
to appreciate the rationale behind the relevant rules. The Court of Appeal
cautioned in _The “Endurance 1”_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 970 at [39] that:

39 It appears to us from that part of the learned judge’s grounds of judgment
we have set out in [37] above that the learned judge applied the rule
literally without the exercise of any discretion or making an inquiry into the
rationale and policy of the rule.

26 The Court of Appeal went on to explain the rationale of Order 22A in _The
“Endurance 1”_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 970 at [41]:

41 In the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Data General (Canada) Ltd v Molnar
Systems Group Inc_ (1991) 85 DLR (4th) 392, Morden ACJO identified the
rationale behind r 49 of their Rules of Civil Procedure. He said at 398-399:

As far as the dictionary meaning of ‘settle’ is concerned, while it may
commonly be the case that when a party ‘settles’ a proceeding the settlement
will involve some element of compromise, on one side or both. I do not think
that ‘settle’ necessarily requires a compromise. _The word means to bring a
dispute to an end by arrangement of the parties as opposed to by judgment of a
court on the merits_ …

The purpose of r 49 is to encourage the termination of litigation by agreement
of the parties – more speedily and less expensively than by judgment of the
court at the end of the trial. _The impetus to settle is a mechanism which
enables a plaintiff to make a serious offer respecting his or her estimate of
the value of the claim which will require the defendant to give early (that
is, when the offer is served) and careful consideration of the merits of the
case_. …

[emphasis in the original]

27 In my opinion, the above rationale must be kept in mind in considering to
what extent ordinary principles of contract law (_ie_ rules of offer and
acceptance, the postal acceptance rule etc.) are applicable to the offer to
settle regime under Order 22A of the Rules of Court. This will in turn help
resolve the legal issues in the present case.

Overview of Order 22A

28 The very title “offer to settle” and the language of Order 22A suggest that
Order 22A cannot be understood in a vacuum without reference to ordinary
principles of contract law such as concepts of offer and acceptance. However,
being a statutory mechanism, Order 22A modifies the ordinary rules of contract
law and imposes certain statutory restrictions, including formality
requirements, on the parties should they choose to invoke Order 22A. I shall
first examine the areas in which the offer to settle mechanism under Order 22A
departs from the ordinary rules of contract at common law.

29 Parties to a lawsuit often make offers to each other in order to try to
settle the lawsuit out of court. Such an offer, however, is not an “offer to
settle” within the meaning of Order 22A. Order 22A is a statutory mechanism
which requires parties to specifically invoke through the use of certain
prescribed forms.

30 The Order 22A mechanism, once invoked, has several consequences, the most
important one being the cost consequences set out in Order 22A rule 9. The
Court of Appeal explained the cost consequences of Order 22A in _Singapore
Airlines Ltd v Tan Shwu_ _Leng_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 439 at [38]:

38 The scheme of things under O 22A is verily to encourage the plaintiffs to
be realistic in their assessment of what they are entitled to and on the part
of the defendants, to make reasonable offers,**__**_on pain of having to bear
the costs on the indemnity basis if they should persist in their exaggerated
claims or maintain their unreasonable position_ (in respect of an offer from
the plaintiff). _The order seeks to promote responsible conduct on the part of
both parties. It discourages obstinacy._ The wide discretion given to the
court in r 12 is to enable the court to take all pertinent facts and
circumstances into account and arrive at an order on costs which is fair and
just.

[emphasis added ]

31 Once Order 22A is invoked, the common law rules of offer and acceptance are
statutorily modified. For example, while the party making the offer remains
free to stipulate the terms of the settlement under Order 22A rule 1, the
party making the offer cannot withdraw the offer at any time. The party making
the offer must keep the offer to settle open for not less than 14 days
pursuant to Order 22A rule 3(1):

**3**. **Time for acceptance and withdrawal (O. 22A, r. 3)**

(1) **_An offer to settle shall be open for acceptance for a period of not
less than 14 days after it is served._** If an offer to settle is made less
than 14 days before the hearing of the matter, it shall remain open for a
period of not less than 14 days unless in the meanwhile the matter is disposed
of.

(2) Subject to paragraph (1), an offer to settle which is expressed to be
limited as to the time within which it is open for acceptance shall not be
withdrawn within that time without the leave of the Court. **_An offer to
settle which does not specify a time for acceptance may be withdrawn at any
time after the expiry of 14 days from the date of service of the offer on the
other party provided that at least one day’s prior notice of the intention to
withdraw the offer is given._**

(3) The notice of withdrawal of the offer shall be in Form 34.

(4) Where an offer to settle specifies a time within which it may be accepted
and it is not accepted or withdrawn within that time, it shall be deemed to
have been withdrawn when the time expires.

(5) Where an offer to settle does not specify a time for acceptance, it may be
accepted at any time before the Court disposes of the matter in respect of
which it is made.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

32 Order 22A rule 3(2) mandates that the offer to settle which does not
specify a time for acceptance may only be withdrawn after 14 days by giving at
least one day’s prior notice of the intention to withdraw. Order 22A rule 3(3)
requires the notice of withdrawal to be in Form 34. This means that after the
party making the offer gives notice to withdraw the offer in Form 34, the
party who received the offer still has one day to accept the offer before it
is withdrawn.

33 Furthermore, under Order 22A rule 6(2), an offer to settle remains open for
acceptance until it is withdrawn or when the court disposes of the matter in
respect of which it was made, notwithstanding that it has been previously
rejected or the other party has responded with a counter-offer:

**6**. **Manner of acceptance (O. 22A, r. 6)**

(1) An offer to settle shall be accepted by serving an acceptance of offer in
Form 35 on the party who made the offer.

(2) Where a party to whom an offer to settle is made rejects the offer or
responds with a counter-offer that is not accepted, the party may thereafter
accept the original offer to settle, unless it has been withdrawn or the Court
has disposed of the matter in respect of which it was made.

(3) Where an offer is accepted, the Court may incorporate any of its terms
into a judgment.

34 This marks another departure from the common law - _ie_ , where a counter-
offer is treated as a rejection of the earlier offer such that the earlier
rejected offer cannot be subsequently accepted. Order 22A rule 6(1) requires
an offer to settle to be accepted by serving an acceptance of offer in Form 35
on the party who made the offer.

35 With the rationale of Order 22A and the differences between Order 22A and
the common law in mind, I now turn to consider the issue as to whether any of
the acceptances were valid.

The 1st Acceptance

36 The Defendant’s counsel submitted that (i) the 1st Acceptance was not valid
because it was sent by facsimile; and (ii) it was clear on his firm’s
letterhead that his firm did not accept service of court documents by
facsimile. Order 22A rule 6(1) states that:

**6**. **Manner of acceptance (O. 22A, r. 6)**

(1) An offer to settle shall be accepted by **_serving_** an acceptance of
offer in Form 35 on the party who made the offer.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

37 Order 62 rule 6 sets out the manner of effecting ordinary service when the
rules so require. The relevant paragraphs of Order 62 rule 6 which were
applicable on 27 August 2011 state:

**Ordinary service: How effected (O. 62, r. 6)**

**6.** —(1) Service of any document, not being a document which by virtue of
any provision of these Rules is required to be served personally, may be
effected —

(a) by leaving the document at the proper address of the person to be served;

(b) by post;

(c) **_by FAX in accordance with paragraph (3)_** ;

(d) **_in such other manner as may be agreed between the party serving and the
party to be served_** ; or

(e) in such other manner as the Court may direct.

…

(3) Service by FAX may be effected where —

(a) the party serving the document acts by a solicitor;

(b) the party on whom the document is served acts by a solicitor and service
is effected by transmission to the business address of such a solicitor;

(c) the solicitor acting for the party on whom the document is served has
indicated in writing to the solicitor serving the document that he is willing
to accept service by FAX at a specified FAX number and the document is
transmitted to that number; and for this purpose **_the inscription of a FAX
number on the writing paper of a solicitor shall be deemed to indicate that
such a solicitor is willing to accept service by FAX at that number in
accordance with this paragraph unless he states otherwise in writing_** ; and

(d) within 3 days after the day of service by FAX the solicitor acting for the
party serving the document serves a copy of it on the solicitor acting for the
other party by any of the other methods of service set out in paragraph (1),
and if he fails to do so, the document shall be deemed never to have been
served by FAX.

…

(5) Nothing in this Rule shall be taken as prohibiting the personal service of
any document or as affecting any written law which provides for the manner in
which documents may be served on bodies corporate.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

38 The letterhead of the law firm of the Defendant’s counsel contains the
following text enclosed in a box near the bottom of the page and is used on
all letters sent out by the firm:

Service of court documents by facsimile is not accepted.

39 I accept the submissions of the Defendant’s counsel that the 1st Acceptance
by facsimile on 27 August 2011 was clearly not in compliance with Order 62
rule 6(1)(c). There is no evidence to show that the party serving and the
party to be served had agreed on other modes of service pursuant to Order 62
rule 6(1)(d). Therefore, I find that the 1st Acceptance was not valid.

The 2nd Acceptance

40 The 2nd Acceptance was posted on 27 August 2011. The Plaintiff passed away
on 29 August 2011, and the 2nd Acceptance was received only on 31 August
2011\. Whether or not the 2nd Acceptance was valid depends on:

(a) whether the postal acceptance rule applies to Order 22A; and

(b) whether the Plaintiff’s death caused the offer to determine on 29 August
2011.

41 The Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the 2nd Acceptance was valid because
the postal acceptance rule operated to deem the acceptance to have been served
on the Defendant on 27 August 2011, before the Plaintiff passed away. Further
or in the alternative, the Plaintiff’s counsel submitted that the Defendant’s
second offer to settle did not determine upon the Plaintiff’s death and was
subsequently validly accepted on 31 August 2011. He argued that there was no
scope within Order 22A for implying terms that were not stated in the
Defendant’s second offer to settle itself. The Defendant could have framed the
terms of the offer to settle in any way it wished, but it chose not to specify
the condition that the offer is deemed withdrawn upon the Plaintiff’s death.
The Defendant was fully informed of the medical condition of the Plaintiff. By
choosing the statutory mechanism under Order 22A which required a notice
period of one day before the offer can be withdrawn, the Defendant knowingly
ran the risk of the Plaintiff passing away before it could withdraw the offer.

42 The Defendant’s counsel submitted that the postal acceptance rule does not
apply to service of court documents. He also submitted that the 2nd Acceptance
was not valid because the Defendant’s second offer to settle had determined
immediately upon the Plaintiff’s death and could not be accepted after the
Plaintiff died on 29 August 2011.

The Postal Acceptance Rule

43 The postal acceptance rule is explained in _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy Publishing, 2012) at p
133:

(E) “POSTAL ACCEPTANCE RULE”

A more clearly defined exception (compared to the broader approach utilised by
Lord Wilberforce in _Brinkibon Ltd v Stahag Stahl und Stahlwaren
Handelsgessellschaft GmbH_ [1983] 2 AC 34 as quoted above) is popularly
referred to as the “postal acceptance rule”. **_This rule is an exception to
the general rule: in other words, acceptance does not need to be communicated
to the offeror in order for there to be a binding contract. Instead,
acceptance takes place at the point of posting of the letter of acceptance
itself._** … The “postal acceptance rule” has in fact been endorsed in the
_Singapore_ context in the early decision of the Straits Settlements Supreme
Court _in Lee Seng Heng v The Guardian Assurance Co Ltd_ [1932] SSLR 110. …
**_Firstly, the rule only applies to situations where postal acceptance is
either expressly or impliedly authorised_** — for instance by reason of the
terms in which the offer is made _or_ by reason of the specific relations
between the parties themselves _or_ because of general usage (and see the
English Court of Appeal decision of _Household Fire and Carriage Accident
Insurance Co v Grant_ (1879) 4 Ex D 216 at 227-228, _per_ Beggallay LJ).
**_Secondly_** … **_it would appear that the letter of acceptance must also
have been properly stamped and addressed_**. An important point should be
noted at the outset: **_the “postal acceptance rule” is effective even if the
letter of acceptance is lost in the post._**

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

44 I am not persuaded that the postal acceptance rule applies to accepting an
offer to settle under Order 22A. Order 22A rule 6(1) requires an offer to be
accepted by “serving” an acceptance of offer in Form 35 on the party who made
the offer (see [36] above). This formality requirement goes beyond the common
law requirement of communicating the acceptance to the offeror. The offeror
must be _served_ the acceptance in Form 35, and “service” of documents is
dealt with specifically under Order 62 of the Rules of Court. The Rules of
Court clearly override the common law rules of acceptance of offers in the
event of any inconsistency.

45 Order 62 rule 6(1)(b) allows service of any document to be effected by
post. Section 2(5) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) sets out the
requirements that must be met before the service by post can be deemed to be
effected:

(5) Where an Act authorises or requires any document to be served by post,
whether the word “serve”, “give” or “send” or any other word is used, then,
unless a contrary intention appears, _the service shall be deemed to be
effected by properly addressing, prepaying and posting a letter containing the
document_ , and, unless the contrary is proved, _shall be deemed to have been
effected at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary
course of post._

[emphasis added]

46 In the context of service of documents, section 2(5) of the Interpretation
Act modifies the postal acceptance rule at common law. While the postal
acceptance rule deems an acceptance sent by post to be effective at the point
of posting the letter of acceptance, section 2(5) of the Interpretation Act
deems service to be effected only:

(a) by properly addressing, prepaying and posting a letter containing the
document; and

(b) at the time at which the letter would be delivered in the ordinary course
of post.

47 I therefore hold that the postal acceptance rule has no application in the
context of service of documents by post, as the common law rule has been
statutorily modified by section 2(5) of the Interpretation Act. I accordingly
reject the Plaintiff’s counsel submission that the postal acceptance rule
applies and the acceptance should be deemed validly made when it was posted by
the Plaintiff on 27 August 2011. In the absence of submissions to the effect
that the 2nd Acceptance should be deemed to have been served at a date earlier
than the date of actual receipt (_ie_ 31 August 2011) under section 2(5) of
the Interpretation Act, I find that the 2nd Acceptance took effect only when
it was actually delivered to and received by the Defendant on 31 August 2011
and not any earlier.

The effect of death

48 This case therefore turned on whether or not the Defendant’s second offer
to settle determined on the Plaintiff’s death. If it did not, then it would
not matter that the 2nd Acceptance took effect only on 31 August 2011\. The
submissions of the Defendant’s counsel appeared to rest on the assumption that
the Defendant’s second offer to settle automatically determined upon the
Plaintiff’s death.

49 The Plaintiff’s counsel, on the other hand, submitted that the Defendant’s
second offer to settle remained valid until it was withdrawn, which was very
much later on 13 January 2012. Therefore, the 2nd Acceptance received by the
Defendant on 31 August 2011 was valid, notwithstanding the Plaintiff’s death
on 29 August 2011 and the inapplicability of the postal acceptance rule.

50 The outcome of this issue would depend on whether or not the Defendant’s
second offer to settle determined upon the death of the Plaintiff. The
starting point of the analysis is, once again, to look at the rules at common
law relating to the effect of death on offers; and see whether the common law
rules have been modified by statute.

51 The common law rules relating to death of an offeree are unfortunately not
very well settled. At common law, the death of either the offeror or the
offeree may have an effect on the validity of the offer, depending on the
nature of the offer. The authors of _The Law of Contract in Singapore_
explained at p 121:

(ii) Death

It would appear that death of either the offeror or offeree is another obvious
category under which the offer terminates. _However, the relevant rules may
not be altogether clear, although it does appear that knowledge is a key
element._ Where the offeror passes away, and if the offeree knows of the
offeror’s death, he will not be allowed to effect a valid acceptance. On the
contrary, if the offeree is ignorant of the offeror’s death, the legal
position would appear to be unclear, with the relevant authorities going both
ways. The better view in the last-mentioned situation would appear to be that
a valid acceptance is possible, save in those situations where some element of
personal service or the like is required on the offeror’s part. _If the
offeree passes away, it would appear that his personal representatives cannot
accept the offer on behalf of the deceased offeree’s estate._

[emphasis added]

52 Whether or not the personal representatives of the estate of the deceased
may accept an offer made prior to deceased’s death depends on whether the
offer to the deceased was a personal one or not. Michael Furmston and G J
Tolhurst in _Contract Formation: Law and Practice_ (Oxford University Press,
2010) stated at p 32:

As regards the death of the offeree prior to acceptance, on one view, offers
are inherently personal and so they cannot be accepted by the estate of the
offeree if the offeree dies prior to acceptance. Similarly it has been said
that an offer made to a living person ceases to be an offer if that person
dies prior to accepting the offer. _However, it would appear that the
preferred view is that the nature of an offer depends on construction, it may
be personal and it may not._ The fact that it is possible to make an offer to
more than one person proves this point. _It would then follow that a non-
personal offer could be accepted by the personal representatives of the
offeree._

[emphasis added; footnotes omitted]

53 I agree with the above view. Whether or not an offer is considered
“personal” to the offeree is matter of construction, depending on the facts of
each case. The exercise is not a technical one and must be approached with a
certain degree of common sense.

54 On the facts of this case, I do not construe the Defendant’s second offer
to settle as a personal offer. Section 10 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999
Rev Ed), which deals with the effect of death on certain causes of action,
states:

**Effect of death on certain causes of action**

**10.** —(1) **_Subject to this section, on the death of any person, all
causes of action subsisting against or vested in him shall survive against,
or, as the case may be, for the benefit of his estate._**

…

(3) Where a cause of action survives as specified under subsection (1) for the
benefit of the estate of a deceased person, **_the damages recoverable for the
benefit of the estate of that person_** —

(a) **_shall not include_** —

(i) any exemplary damages; and

(ii) **_any damages for loss of income in respect of any period after that
person’s death_** ;

…

(5) The rights conferred by this section for the benefit of the estates of
deceased persons shall be in addition to and not in derogation of any rights
conferred on the dependants of deceased persons by section 20 and so much of
this section as relates to causes of action against the estates of deceased
persons shall apply in relation to causes of action under that section as
applies in relation to other causes of action not expressly excepted from the
operation of subsection (1).

(6) In the event of the insolvency of an estate against which proceedings are
maintainable by virtue of this section, any liability in respect of the cause
of action in respect of which the proceedings are maintainable shall be deemed
to be a debt provable in the administration of the estate, notwithstanding
that it is a demand in the nature of unliquidated damages arising otherwise
than by a contract, promise or breach of trust.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

55 Section 10(1) of the Civil Law Act states that all causes of action vested
in the deceased shall survive for the benefit of his estate. Causes of action
that survive the death of a plaintiff cannot be considered personal in nature
since the action could be continued by the personal representatives of the
deceased. If the cause of action cannot be considered personal, I am not
persuaded that an offer to settle purporting to settle the surviving cause of
action can be considered personal. Since there is nothing in Order 22A to
suggest that the statutory regime is intended to be different from the common
law in this regard, I accordingly find that the Defendant’s second offer to
settle was not personal and did not determine upon the death of the Plaintiff
on 29 August 2011.

56 The Defendant’s counsel argued that this outcome was not in line with the
spirit of Order 22A. However, as pointed out by the Plaintiff’s counsel (whose
arguments on this point I accepted), the Defendant was free to frame its offer
to settle on any terms and conditions as it wished. The authors of _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ explain at p 118:

(iii) Lapse of time: Where offer contains express or implied term as to
lapsing of offer

An offer can also be terminated by lapse of time. There are at least two basic
situations. The first … relates to a situation where _the offer itself
contains an express term as to when the offer will lapse_ , as happened in the
High Court decision of _Dickson Trading (S) Pte Ltd v Transmarco Ltd_ [1987]
SLR(R) 674. … It should also be noted, however, that although _the offeror is
perfectly entitled to set a cut-off date for its offer_ , the offer concerned
will still be open for acceptance if the offeror conducts itself in such a
manner as to make it clear to the offeree that it is in fact extending the
deadline. This was indeed found to be the case in the High Court decision of
_Panwell Pte Ltd v Indian Bank_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 462.

[emphasis added]

57 Having not qualified its offer in express terms, the Defendant is now
indirectly asking the court to imply a condition that the Defendant’s second
offer to settle determined upon the death of the Plaintiff. Keeping in mind
that the rationale of Order 22A is to encourage settlement rather than prolong
it, the court should be extremely slow to imply terms into offers to settle
which are otherwise clearly worded and unambiguous, as was in this case. This
case serves as a reminder that the more expressly the terms and conditions are
stated in an offer to settle, the lesser the need to rely on the doctrine of
implied terms. However, as neither counsel had addressed me on the issue of
implied terms, I make no findings on this issue; and by implication, the
Defendant’s second offer to settle stands solely on its express terms.

58 I shall deal with one final argument on this issue. The Defendant’s counsel
cited the table (see above at [9]) sent together with the Defendant’s second
offer to settle setting out the breakdown of each component used in arriving
at the settlement figure of $435,000.00. It was argued that the table should
be taken into account because it evinced components that would not have
applied if the Plaintiff had passed away.

59 Order 22A rule 1 requires all offers to settle to be in Form 33. This
formality requirement was not satisfied because the table was sent separately
from Form 33, and the Form 33 served on the Plaintiff did not make any
reference to the table. Therefore, the table is irrelevant as it did not form
part of the Defendant’s second offer to settle. In any event, even if the
table formed part of the Defendant’s second offer to settle, the Plaintiff
only had to agree with the final monetary figure and not with each component
given in the breakdown. Even if the Plaintiff had disagreed with every
component in the table, he could still have validly accepted the Defendant’s
second offer to settle as long as he agreed with the final sum proposed.

60 In the light of the reasons given above, I find that the Defendant’s second
offer to settle was validly accepted by the Plaintiff when the 2nd Acceptance
was served on the Defendant on 31 August 2011.

The 3rd Acceptance

61 In the light of my findings above, the issue of the validity of the 3rd
Acceptance becomes irrelevant. The Defendant’s counsel submitted at length
that, whatever the position the law was on the 1st and 2nd Acceptances, the
Plaintiff (i) had waived his right; (ii) was estopped; or (iii) was otherwise
precluded from making the 3rd Acceptance. However, the validity of all the
acceptances made after the Plaintiff’s death on 29 August 2011 (_ie_ the 2nd
and 3rd Acceptances) would turn on whether the Defendant’s second offer to
settle determined upon the Plaintiff’s death. Since I have already found that
the offer did not determine upon the Plaintiff’s death (see above at [48] to
[58]), and that the 2nd Acceptance was valid, I do not need to deal with the
3rd Acceptance separately. Even if the Defendant’s counsel had prevailed on
the issues he had raised with respect to the 3rd Acceptance, the 2nd
Acceptance was still an insurmountable hurdle for him.

Conclusion

62 For the foregoing reasons, I confirm my decision and the orders that I made
in chambers on 26 March 2012 stated at [22] above.

* * *

[note: 1]See Affidavit of Paul Yap Tai San at [7] and pp 9-11.

[note: 2]See Affidavit of Chua Chean Veen at [10] and [11].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

