Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Lim Yong Nam  
[2012] SGHC 45

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 7 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mark Jayaratnam and Crystal Tan (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the applicant; Hamidul Haq, Thong Chee Kun and Yusfiyanto
Yatiman (Rajah & Tan LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Lim Yong Nam  
  
5 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The respondent was apprehended with three other persons on 25 October 2011
under a Warrant of Apprehension issued by a Subordinate Courts judge pursuant
to a Notice by the Minister under s 9(1)(a) of the Extradition Act (Cap 103,
2000 Rev Ed). The respondent was subsequently released on bail of $100,000
pending committal proceedings. The committal proceedings were held on 9 and 12
December 2011, and 2 to 3 February 2012. On 10 February 2012 the Magistrate
committed the respondent to prison pending extradition to the United States of
America and allowed the respondent’s application to continue to be on bail
after the committal order.

2 The Public Prosecutor applied before me to revoke the order for bail pending
extradition. Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Mark Jayaratnam submitted that the
Magistrate had no authority under the Extradition Act to grant bail once a
warrant of committal has been made pursuant to s 11(7) of the Extradition Act.
The relevant provision in the Extradition Act is s 11. For convenience, this
provision is set out in full below together with s 12:

**Proceedings after apprehension of person**

**11.** —(1) A person who is apprehended under a warrant issued under section
10 shall, unless he is sooner released, be brought as soon as practicable
before a Magistrate.

(2) The Magistrate may remand a person brought before him under this section,
either in custody or on bail, for a period or periods not exceeding 7 days at
any one time.

(3) Where a Magistrate remands a person for such a period, the person may, at
the expiration of the period, be brought before the Magistrate or before any
other Magistrate.

(4) In the application of subsections (5) to (10) inn relation to a person who
has been apprehended under a warrant issued under section 10, “Magistrate”
means the Magistrate before whom the person is brought after he was
apprehended or at the expiration of a period for which he has been remanded
under this section, as the case may be.

(5) If the person was apprehended under a warrant issued otherwise than in
pursuance of an authority by the Minister in a notice under section 9(1)(a),
the Magistrate shall remand the person in accordance with subsections (2) and
(3) until the Magistrate receives a notice under section 9(1)(b) from the
Minister informing the Magistrate that a requisition for the surrender of the
person has been made to the Minister by a foreign State.

(6) Where the Magistrate does not receive such a notice within such time as is
reasonable having regard to all the circumstances, the Magistrate shall —

(_a_) if the person apprehended is held in custody, order that he be released;
or

(_b_) if he has been admitted to bail, make an order discharging the
recognizances upon which he was admitted to bail.

(7) If the person was apprehended under a warrant issued in pursuance of an
authority by the Minister in a notice under section 9(1)(a) or the Magistrate
receives a notice from the Minister under section 9(1)(b) and —

(_a_) there is produced to the Magistrate a duly authenticated foreign warrant
in respect of the person issued in the foreign State that made the requisition
for the surrender of the person;

(_b_) there is produced to the Magistrate —

(i) in the case of a person who is accused of an extradition crime — such
evidence as would, in the opinion of the Magistrate, according to the law in
force in Singapore, justify the trial of the person if the act or omission
constituting that crime had taken place in, or within the jurisdiction of
Singapore; or

(ii) in the case of a person who is alleged to have been convicted of an
extradition crime — sufficient evidence to satisfy the Magistrate that the
person has been convicted of that crime; and

(_c_) the Magistrate is satisfied, after hearing any evidence tendered by the
person, that the person is liable to be surrendered to the foreign State that
made the requisition for the surrender,

the Magistrate shall, by warrant in accordance with Form 5 in the Second
Schedule, commit the person to prison to await the warrant of the Minister for
his surrender but otherwise shall order that the person be released.

(8) Where the Magistrate is of the opinion that it would be dangerous to the
life or prejudicial to the health of the person to commit him to prison, he
may, in lieu of committing him to prison, by warrant, order that he be held in
custody at the place where he is for the time being, or at any other place to
which the Magistrate considers that he can be removed without danger to his
life or prejudice to his health, until such time as he can without such danger
or prejudice be committed to prison or he is surrendered.

(9) In the case referred to in subsection (8), the warrant shall be in
accordance with Form 5 in the Second Schedule with such variations as are
necessary to meet the circumstances of the case.

(10) Where, under this section, a Magistrate commits a person to prison or
otherwise orders that he be held in custody, he shall forthwith send to the
Minister a certificate to that effect and such report (if any) relating to the
proceedings as he thinks fit.

**Surrender of fugitive to foreign State**

**12.** —(1) When, under this Part, a Magistrate commits a person (referred to
in this section as the prisoner) to prison, or otherwise orders that he be
held in custody, to await the warrant of the Minister for his surrender to a
foreign State, the Magistrate shall inform the prisoner that he will not be
surrendered until after the expiration of the period of 15 days from the date
of the committal or order and that, if he asserts that his detention is
unlawful, he may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for an Order for
Review of Detention.

(2) After —

(_a_) the expiration of the period referred to in subsection (1); or

(_b_) if, within that period, an application for an Order for Review of
Detention is made by the prisoner and the court to which the application is
made or, where an appeal is brought from the decision of that court to another
court, the other court does not order that the prisoner be released — the
expiration of the period of 15 days from the date of the decision of the
first-mentioned court or the appellate court, as the case may be,

whichever is the later, the Minister may, in his discretion, if he is
satisfied that the prisoner is liable to be surrendered to the foreign State,
by warrant in accordance with Form 6 in the Second Schedule or, where the
prisoner is held in custody otherwise than at a prison, in accordance with
that Form with such variations as are necessary to meet the circumstances of
the case, order that the prisoner be delivered into the custody of a person
specified in the warrant and be conveyed by that person to a place in the
foreign State or within the jurisdiction of, or of a part of, the foreign
State and there surrendered to some person appointed by the foreign State to
receive him.

(3) A warrant issued under subsection (2) may be executed according to its
tenor.

(4) If the prisoner escapes from the custody of the person executing the
warrant, he may be retaken in the same manner as a person accused of an
offence against the law in force in Singapore may be taken upon an escape from
lawful custody.

(5) Any property in the possession of the prisoner at the time of his
apprehension that may be material as evidence in proving the offence to which
the requisition for his surrender relates shall, if the Minister so directs,
be delivered up with the prisoner on his surrender.

It will be seen that s 11 only provides for bail pending the committal
hearing. A fundamental principle in criminal process is that until a person
has been charged, he is presumed to be innocent of any wrongdoing that
warrants detention unless the court is satisfied that he is a flight risk in
the face of impending or ongoing police investigation. This is not the case
here. Extradition proceedings are not a local criminal matter although there
may be cases where the person to be extradited would have also committed an
offence here. It was not disputed that the respondent was granted bail prior
to committal because of his medical condition. The Public Prosecutor did not
challenge that bail, but takes the view that there is no provision for bail
after a warrant of committal has been issued.

3 The issue of bail arose only after the respondent had been committed to
prison pending his surrender to the United States government. A warrant of
committal under the Extradition Act is a final order insofar as there is no
provision in the Act for an appeal. That person may still challenge the order
for committal but such challenge is not an appeal. A right of appeal must be
specifically provided by statute. The challenge to the warrant of committal is
an application for an Order for Review of Detention. The process of review of
the detention order was once known as the “ _habeas corpus_ ” procedure which
came about in 1605 when a writ was issued in the name of the reigning
sovereign King James for the body of one Nicholas Lowe to be produced before
the King’s Bench and to have his detention explained and justified. The modern
review of detention is structured by legislation and is a right under statute.
Generally, the fundamental rationale for such reviews remains. It is a relief
when there is no other remedy available. Bail implies that some remedy exists
(for example, the availability of appeal).

4 Under the Extradition Act, once a warrant of committal is issued, only the
order to surrender the prisoner to the applicant jurisdiction remains. There
is no reason for the prisoner to be on bail since there is no right of appeal.
The only course available is to apply for an Order for Review of Detention.
That application, however, is an application, like the writ of _habeas corpus_
, for the prisoner to be produced before the High Court and have his detention
explained and justified. It follows that only a person who is detained may
lawfully and properly ask for his detention to be explained.

5 For the reasons above, I granted the Public Prosecutor’s application. I
revoked the order for bail and substituted it with the order that the
respondent be remanded at the Institute of Mental Health as was permissible
under s 11(8) of the Extradition Act. The Public Prosecutor has no objection
to the substituted order in view of the medical reasons advanced on behalf of
the respondent.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

