Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Shaan Taseer and others _v_ Aamna Taseer  
[2012] SGCA 52

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 22 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chee Meng SC, Sim Bock Eng and Joel Chng
(WongPartnership LLP) for the appellants; Tan Chuan Thye, Daniel Chia and
Emily Choo (Stamford Law Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Shaan Taseer and others — Aamna Taseer  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 32.]

17 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This is an appeal by the Appellants against the decision of the judge (“the
Judge”) in _Aamna Taseer v Shaan Taseer and others_ [2012] SGHC 32 (“the
Judgment”), ordering the removal of a caveat lodged by the Appellants against
a registered land with a house erected thereon, known as 82 Cove Drive,
Sentosa (“the House”).

2 The question of law in this appeal was whether the beneficiaries of an
estate had the legal right to lodge a caveat against registered land on behalf
of the estate of a deceased (“the Deceased”) on the basis that the property in
dispute was held on a resulting trust for the Deceased. At the conclusion of
the hearing, we answered the question in the negative and dismissed the appeal
with costs. We now give our reasons.

Background

3 The Deceased was a Pakistani businessman and politician who died intestate
in Pakistan. The Appellants are the adult children of the Deceased’s first
marriage and the Respondent is his second wife of 27 years’ standing. All the
parties are Muslims.

4 The dispute concerned the House, which was registered in the names of the
Deceased and the Respondent as joint tenants. The House was purchased in
January 2008, although negotiations began in late 2007. The Deceased obtained
a loan from Standard Chartered Bank (“the Bank”) for approximately 55% of the
purchase price which was secured by a mortgage on the House and also a
guarantee signed by the joint owners on 6 September 2007.[note: 1] The
Deceased registered the House in his and the Respondent’s joint names on 3
January 2008. The Bank registered a mortgagee’s caveat against the House on 30
January 2008. Additional banking facilities were obtained on 5 August 2008 to
construct the House. The Respondent did not contribute to the purchase price
as she had no independent source of income.

5 At the time of the death of the Deceased on 4 January 2011, the joint owners
were already two months in default on their instalment repayments.[note: 2]
Subsequently, the arrears were paid off by a company called Pace Pakistan, one
of the Deceased’s companies under the Respondent’s control. The Respondent
filed a notice of death with the Singapore Land Registry which was registered
on 18 March 2011, and procured a change in the Land Register under s 114 of
the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“LTA”) resulting in her being
registered as the sole owner of the House by the principle of survivorship
under the joint tenancy.

6 The Deceased’s estate (“the Estate”) is subject to and distributable
according to the law of Pakistan; it is not disputed that the Appellants and
the Respondent are the beneficiaries of the Estate under Pakistani law.
However, letters of representation to the Estate have not been taken out, but
the third Appellant claimed that she had trusted the Respondent[note: 3] as “
_de facto_ head of the household” to deal with the Estate “in a fair and open
manner”.[note: 4] When the Appellants received a list of the assets of the
Estate which did not include the House, they queried the Respondent and,
receiving no reply from her for over two months, took action to protect their
alleged interests in the House.

7 The Appellants, as beneficiaries of the Estate, lodged a caveat (“the
Caveat”) against the House on 8 August 2011. The ground of claim as set out in
the Caveat was as follows:

By virtue of [the] beneficiaries’ interest in the [House] above described on
the basis that the registered proprietor [_ie_ , the Respondent] held the
[House] in trust for [the Deceased].

It may be noted that the Appellants did not lodge the Caveat on behalf of the
Estate but had done so on their own behalf as having an interest in the House
which was then registered in the name of the Respondent as the sole owner.
Notice of the entry of the Caveat was given to the Respondent on 12 August
2011.

8 The Appellants also filed suit in Pakistan on 29 September 2011 against the
Respondent for, _inter alia_ , an account of the Estate’s properties and
assets and the appointment of an administrator. An interlocutory injunction
was obtained against the Respondent restraining her from dissipating the
Estate’s properties and assets. This action is outstanding.

The proceedings below

9 On 3 October 2011, the Respondent filed Originating Summons No 866 of 2011
to remove the Caveat on the ground that the Appellants had no standing merely
as beneficiaries of the Estate to lodge the Caveat against the House (which,
in any case, did not belong to the Estate as it devolved to the Respondent as
the sole owner by the principle of survivorship). The Judge, after hearing the
parties, allowed the Respondent’s application, and made an order that the
Caveat be removed. The Judge, agreeing with the decisions in _Guardian, Trust,
and Executors Company of New Zealand, Limited v Hall_ [1938] NZLR 1020, _In re
Savage’s Caveat_ [1956] NZLR 118 and _Gangemi v Gangemi_ [2009] WASC 195, held
that only persons with a direct interest in a property had a caveatable
interest in the property, and that a share in the assets of an unadministered
estate was not a claim in respect of specific property of the estate, and
therefore would not entitle the claimant to lodge a caveat against the
property (see the Judgement at [6]). The Judge also held that the decision of
this court in _Wong Moy_ _(administratrix of the estate of Theng Chee Khim,
deceased) v Soo Ah Choy_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 27 (“ _Wong Moy_ ”) did not assist
the Appellants as that case merely decided that the beneficiaries of an estate
had the right to bring proceedings to recover assets of the estate under
certain circumstances (see the Judgment at [6]). In _Wong Moy_ , the estate
property had been sold and the beneficiaries brought an action against the
executors to prevent them from disposing of the proceeds of sale until the
claims against them were resolved.

10 An issue also arose before the Judge as to whether the Appellants had shown
that the beneficial title of the House was vested in the Deceased, on the
ground that the Respondent held her undivided half-share in the House on a
resulting trust for the Deceased as it was not intended to be a gift to her.
The Appellants had argued that the presumption of advancement in favour of the
Respondent had been rebutted by the affidavit evidence of the Appellants. The
Judge rejected this argument as evidence tendered to rebut a presumption must
be tested at trial (see the Judgment at [5]).

11 The Appellants appealed against the Judge’s decision on 8 March 2012 but
did not seek a stay of the order of the Court to remove the Caveat. After the
Caveat was removed, the Respondent gave an option to purchase the House to one
Cheung Pui Yuen (“Cheung”) who exercised it and registered a purchaser’s
caveat on 3 May 2012. The sale of the House was completed and the related
transfer in favour of Cheung was registered on 3 August 2012.

The issues on appeal

12 The Appellants raised the following issues in the Appellants’ Case:

(a) Whether the Estate has an interest in the House which can be protected by
a caveat (“the First Issue”);

(b) Whether the Judge was correct in holding that the presumption of
advancement was not rebutted because the Appellants’ affidavit evidence was
not tested at trial (“the Second Issue”);

(c) Whether the Appellants’ claim to an interest in the House was _qua_ their
capacity as beneficiaries or for and on behalf of the Estate (“the Third
Issue”); and

(d) Whether the Appellants, being the beneficiaries of the Estate, can lodge
the Caveat on the Estate’s behalf and for the Estate’s benefit (“the Fourth
Issue”).

Our decision

13 We dismissed the appeal on the ground that it was utterly hopeless. Even if
the Appellants were successful, this Court would not be able to reinstate the
Caveat and restore the Appellants’ claim to an interest in the House. The
reason was that Cheung had obtained a priority interest in the House by virtue
of the caveat he had lodged on 3 May 2012 after the Caveat was removed. The
Appellants’ claim thus became academic.

14 Nevertheless, as counsel for both parties had made full arguments on the
four issues raised by the Appellants, we shall address them. However, we would
preface our discussion with the observation that the Judge had substantially
decided all the four issues against the Appellants on procedural grounds, ie,
these issues should have been pursued and decided in separate proceedings, and
not as ancillary issues to the main issue as to whether they had an interest
in the House to enable them to lodge the Caveat. We agreed with the decision
of the Judge on these issues.

15 The right of a claimant to lodge a caveat against any dealings in
registered land is set out in s 115 of the LTA which provides as follows:

**115** —(1) Any person claiming an interest in land … or any person otherwise
authorised by this Act or any other written law to do so, may lodge with the
Registrar a caveat in the approved form which shall include the following
particulars:

…

(2) A caveator may, according to the extent of his interest, forbid the
registration under this Act of any dealing affecting the land against which
the caveat is directed, either —

(_a_) unless the dealing is expressed to be subject to the interest claimed by
the caveator; or

(_b_) unless the caveator or some person nominated by him in the caveat has
consented in writing to such registration.

(3) For the purposes of this Part, and without limiting its generality, a
reference to a person claiming an interest in land shall include a reference
to any of the following persons:

(_a_) any person who has an interest in the proceeds of sale of land, not
being an interest arising from a judgment or order for the payment of money;
and

(_b_) a person who has obtained an injunction in respect of an estate or
interest in land.

16 The expression “interest in land” is defined in s 4 of the LTA as follows:

“interest”, in relation to land, means any interest in land recognised as such
by law, and includes an estate in land

It should be remembered that the LTA introduced a new system of land
registration and dealings to replace the old common law system of land tenures
and conveyancing under the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61, 1994
Rev Ed) and the Registration of Deeds Act (Cap 269, 1989 Rev Ed). The LTA
introduced a new statutory interest in land but continued to recognise the
legal and equitable interests in land, but subject to the concept of
indefeasibility of titles in registered land. Accordingly, the expression
“interest in land” would refer to such legal and equitable interests that
subsisted and which continue to subsist after the LTA came into force.

17 Section 115(3) of the LTA has also enlarged the meaning of “an interest in
land” to enable persons claiming such an interest in land to protect against
adverse dealings by the registered proprietor. The subsection provides that:
(a) an interest in the proceeds of sale of land (not arising from a judgment
or order for payment of money) is deemed to be an interest in land; and (b) a
person who has obtained an injunction in respect of an estate or interest in
land is also deemed to have an interest in that land.

The First Issue

18 With these principles in mind, we can now state with reference to the First
Issue that the Estate would have an interest in the House which could be
protected by a caveat if the following conditions were satisfied:

(a) when the Deceased registered himself and the Respondent as joint tenants
of the House, he did not intend to give her an undivided half share in the
House, and she was therefore holding her half share on trust for him; and

(b) the joint tenancy of the House was not intended to have any legal effect
and it was a sham created for some purpose extraneous to making provision for
her as his wife.

The Second Issue

19 This observation brings us to the Second Issue which, in our view, the
Judge correctly decided. The only way by which the Estate could show that it
had an interest in the House immediately preceding the death of the Deceased
(before it became the absolute property of the Respondent on the principle of
survivorship) was to adduce evidence of the factual issues referred to above
at [18(a)] and [18(b)]. It would require the Estate to adduce evidence to
rebut the presumption of advancement which operated in favour of the
Respondent as the wife of the Deceased. In this connection, we agreed with the
Judge that the Appellants’ evidence was not sufficient proof unless it was
tested and accepted by the court at trial.

The Third Issue

20 _Apropos_ the Third Issue, the Judge held that the Appellants were claiming
an interest in the House as beneficiaries of the Estate, but that as such
beneficiaries they had no claim to any specific property of the Estate.
However, until the Estate has made out a _prima facie_ case that the joint
tenancy of the House was a sham and that there was a resulting trust of the
Respondent’s undivided half share, the Appellants had no legal basis to lodge
a caveat against the House to prevent the Respondent from dealing with it,
even if they were entitled to make the claim as beneficiaries of the Estate on
behalf of the Estate.

The Fourth Issue

21 _Apropos_ the Fourth Issue, our answer is that the Respondent herself is
also a beneficiary of the Estate, and the Appellants have produced no
authority that they were entitled to represent the Estate in any proceedings
against the Respondent without taking out letters of representation to the
Estate.

Conclusion

22 In the present case, the Appellants’ lodgement of the Caveat to prevent the
Respondent from dealing with the House was wholly misconceived. Essentially,
their main concern, as beneficiaries of the Estate, was in the preservation of
the proceeds of sale of the House as any attempt to retain ownership of the
House would have been futile, having regard to ss 3(3) and 3(4) of the
Residential Property Act (Cap 274, 2009 Rev Ed). In fact, the Appellants had
already commenced proceedings against the Respondent in Pakistan to protect
their interest in the Estate. Instead of pursuing the appropriate proceedings
to establish their claims, they took a short cut by lodging the Caveat to
achieve this purpose without any basis for doing so, which the Judge correctly
cut short by ordering the removal of the Caveat.

* * *

[note: 1]Aamna Taseer’s 1st affidavit, 1/11/2011, [22] (Found at CB, Vol 2, p
18).

[note: 2]CB, Vol 2, p 93.

[note: 3]Sara Taseer’s 2nd Affidavit, 24/11/2011, [14] and [22] (found at CB,
Vol 2, p 69).

[note: 4]_Ibid._ , [53].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

