Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chia Kok Kee _v_ Tan Wah and others  
[2012] SGHC 36

Case Number| :| Suit No. 97 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 273 of 2011, No 274
of 2011 and No 275 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The plaintiff in person; Wong Yao Fang (Fabian & Khoo)
for the first and second defendant; The third defendant in person.  
Parties| :|  Chia Kok Kee — Tan Wah and others  
  
21 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The plaintiff, Chia Kok Kee, appealed against the decision of the Assistant
Registrar (“the AR”) in Summonses No 1111 of 2011, 1645 of 2011 and 1658 of
2011. In Summons No 1111/2011, the AR dismissed the plaintiff’s application to
strike out the first, second and third defendant’s defences. In the latter two
summonses, _i.e_ , No 1645 of 2011 and No 1658 of 2011, the AR granted the
applications by the defendants to strike out the plaintiff’s action.

2 The plaintiff was not represented by solicitors. He spoke in English during
the hearing before me. After hearing the parties’ arguments, I dismissed the
plaintiff’s appeals.

Facts

Parties

3 The plaintiff is an investor in a hydroelectric power plant joint venture in
Dujiangyan, Sichuan Province, People’s Republic of China (the “Chinese
Investment”).

4 The first defendant is similarly an investor in the Chinese Investment. A
company, HX Investment Pte Ltd (“HX”), was set up to be the investment vehicle
through which the parties participated in the Chinese Investment. The
directors and shareholders of HX comprised the plaintiff’s mother and the
first defendant.

5 The second defendant was the auditor and corporate secretary of HX. He
assisted with the capitalisation of HX in its early years.

6 The third defendant was the solicitor acting for the first defendant in the
previous related matters, namely, Suit No 558 of 2005, Civil Appeal No 127 of
2005 and Originating Summons No 331 of 2010.

Background to the case

7 As mentioned above, the plaintiff and the first defendant were both
investors in the Chinese Investment and both contributed monies towards the
venture using HX as their investment vehicle. In 1995, an oral agreement was
made between them as to their respective shares but the terms of this
agreement were greatly disputed. The plaintiff’s version was that it was
agreed that he would invest $300,000 and obtain a 40% shareholding together
with a 10% bonus for his efforts in facilitating the investment, his mother
would invest $100,000 and obtain a 10% shareholding, while the first defendant
would invest $600,000 and obtain a 50% shareholding.

8 The plaintiff said while his mother put in the $100,000 as planned, he
eventually poured in $326,467 of his monies and the first defendant invested
$640,000 in the Chinese Investment. The plaintiff alleged however that his
investment of $326,467 was left unaccounted for and unrecorded in HX’s books,
with the first defendant recording the total investment as $831,098 instead of
$1,066,467.

9 He further alleged that the first defendant had wrongly accused him of
mishandling dividend payouts from the Chinese investment and had those
dividend payouts stopped in 2004.

10 According to the plaintiff, this triggered him to institute action against
HX in Suit 558 of 2005 to affirm his share in the Chinese Investment and to
obtain his share of dividends.

11 The plaintiff failed to prove his case in Suit No 558 of 2005, where he
claimed a 40% share of the Chinese Investment (comprising a 30% investment by
the plaintiff and 10% investment by his mother), facilitation fees of 10% and
a further 10% as bonus for successfully securing the joint venture on the
basis of the prior oral contract made (see [7]). The High Court judge held
that the shareholdings in the Chinese Investment were 40% in favour of the
plaintiff and his mother and 60% in favour of the first defendant. She
dismissed the claims for facilitation fees and the bonus.[note: 1]

12 The appeal against this decision in Civil Appeal No 127 of 2007 was
dismissed with costs.[note: 2] The plaintiff’s application for a new trial in
Originating Summons No 331 of 2010 was similarly dismissed with costs.[note:
3]

13 In Suit No 97 of 2011, in which the present appeals arose, the plaintiff
alleged fraud against the first defendant, accusing her of deliberate omission
to record in HX’s books his investment monies of $326,467. As for the second
defendant, the plaintiff alleged that he had assisted the first defendant with
the fraud because he was involved in the initial capitalisation of HX when the
above-mentioned sum was omitted. As regard the third defendant, the plaintiff
alleged that in the conduct of Suit No 558 of 2005, the third defendant
colluded with the first defendant and other witnesses to give false evidence
at the trial causing an unfavourable judgment to be given against him.

14 Simply put, the plaintiff alleged that the defendants worked together to
perpetrate fraud against him, to conceal the incorrect accounts of HX and to
deliberately omit his investment contribution in HX.

15 In response, the defendants argued in their respective defences that the
plaintiff was in effect re-litigating his former claims in respect of the
Chinese Investment and the dividend payouts, since these have been dealt with
and dismissed by the High Court (see [11]) and the Court of Appeal (see [12])
previously. They argued that his present claims are _res judicata_ and/or an
abuse of process of court and further, that the plaintiff’s allegations of
fraud were not supportable on the facts.

The Striking out applications

16 The plaintiff proceeded to take out an application under Summons No 1111 of
2011 to strike out the defendants’ defences pursuant to Order 18 rule 19 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The defendants responded by
applying to strike out the plaintiff’s claim: Summons No 1645 of 2011 was
taken out by the first and second defendants while Summons No 1658 of 2011 was
taken out by the third defendant for this purpose.

The AR’s decision

17 The plaintiff argued before the AR that the respective defences of the
defendants failed to address his fraud claim and reiterated that his claim for
dividends and his investment monies remain unaddressed.[note: 4] The
defendants’ response in brief was that that the proceedings in Suit No 97 of
2011 were a re-litigation of concluded matters and the plaintiff’s claims were
therefore an abuse of process.[note: 5]

18 The AR dismissed the plaintiff’s application to strike out the defendants’
defences. She granted the defendants’ applications to strike out the
plaintiff’s claims pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(a), (b) and (d) of the Rules of
Court.

19 Her reasons were that if the plaintiff’s claims of fraud were to be
proceeded with, that would amount to a re-litigation of issues tried
previously in Suit No 558 of 2005 and Originating Summons No 331 of 2010.
Additionally, she found that in the light of the procedural history of this
matter, no reasonable cause of action could be sustained for the plaintiff’s
claim for future dividends and damages for fraud.[note: 6]

20 She ordered costs of $25,000 on an indemnity basis to be paid by the
plaintiff to the first and second defendants. She made the same costs order
between the plaintiff and the third defendant.

Parties’ arguments

21 On appeal before me, the plaintiff’s argument was in essence that because
of the allegedly fraudulent actions of the defendants in misleading the court
and thus obtaining judgment against him wrongfully, he ought to be allowed now
to pursue the present suit so that he could obtain an account of his
investment monies of $326,467 and his entitlement to his share of future
dividends.

22 The plaintiff emphasized that his investment monies remained unaccounted
for despite having gone through proceedings in Suit No 558 of 2005 and argued
that the _res judicata_ doctrine could not be used to uphold a judgment
obtained by fraud.

23 The first and second defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s claim
amounted to an abuse of process and ought to be struck out as these claims
concerning the Chinese Investment and future dividends have already been
adjudicated previously in Suit No 558 of 2005, Civil Appeal No 127 of 2007 and
Originating Summons 331 of 2010. They argued that the plaintiff was merely
launching a collateral attack against the previous decisions without having
adduced any fresh evidence in support.[note: 7] They also highlighted that
presently the plaintiff still retained a 40% share in the Chinese Investment
and thus could not argue that he had lost his investment.

24 The third defendant echoed the first and second defendants in arguing that
the plaintiff’s claim was an abuse of process as it was a re-litigation of
issues which had already been dealt with in the previous proceedings. He also
submitted that the plaintiff’s allegations against him and the other
defendants did not constitute fraud at all. He submitted further that the
plaintiff’s claim for future dividends had no basis in law as it was not due
and owing to the plaintiff yet.

The decision of the court

25 The court may strike out a pleading under any one of the four grounds under
O 18 r 19 which provides:

(1) The court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ action, or anything in any
pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that –

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

(2) No evidence shall be admissible on an application under paragraph (1)(a).

(3) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

26 The court’s power to strike out a pleading would only be exercised in
“plain and obvious” cases: _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ [1997] 3
SLR(R) 649 (“ _Gabriel Peter_ ”) at [18]; _The Osprey_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 at
[6]. While the court does not seek to deprive a plaintiff of his day in court,
it would grant applications to strike out pleadings to prevent harassment of
parties or to avoid putting them to expense by frivolous, vexatious or
hopeless litigation and also to stop an abuse of process: Singapore Court
Practice 2009 (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2006) (“Singapore Court
Practice”) at paragraph 18/19/9.

27 Considering the circumstances of this case, ground (d), _i.e._ , abuse of
process, constituted a compelling basis for striking out the plaintiff’s
statement of claim. I will thus discuss this ground before turning to examine
grounds (a) and (b).

28 It has been observed that the ground of abuse of process in striking out
applications is a rather general one which overlaps with the other grounds
found in O 18 r 19 in so far as they touch on an improper use of the court’s
process: Singapore Court Practice at paragraph 18/19/14.

29 This ground seeks to ensure that the court’s process is used only for
proper and _bona fide_ purposes. It will be useful to set out the observations
of the Court of Appeal in _Gabriel Peter_ at [22] on this point:

The term, ‘abuse of the process of the Court’, in O 18 r 19(1)(d), has been
given a wide interpretation by the courts. It includes considerations of
public policy and the interests of justice. This term signifies that the
process of the court must be used bona fide and properly and must not be
abused. The court will prevent the improper use of its machinery. It will
prevent the judicial process from being used as a means of vexation and
oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of conduct rendering a
claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not closed and will
depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case …

30 In determining whether proceedings are an abuse of process, the approach to
be taken is that of a “broad, merits-based judgment”: _Johnson v_ _Gore Wood &
Co (a firm)_ [2002] 2 AC 1. This approach was followed by the Court of Appeal
in _Lai Swee Lin Linda v AG_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 565. In _Goh Nellie v Goh Lian
Teck_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 (“ _Goh Nellie_ ”) at [53], Sundaresh Menon JC
explained that the court ought to:

… _(look) at all the circumstances of the case_ , including whether the later
proceedings in substance is nothing more than a collateral attack upon the
previous decision; whether there is fresh evidence that might warrant re-
litigation; whether there are bona fide reasons why an issue that ought to
have been raised in the earlier action was not; and whether there are some
other special circumstances that might justify allowing the case to proceed.
The absence or existence of these enumerated factors (which are not intended
to be exhaustive) is not decisive. _In determining whether the ambient
circumstances of the case give rise to an abuse of process, the court should
not adopt an inflexible or unyielding attitude but should remain guided by the
balance to be found in the tension between the demands of ensuring that a
litigant who has a genuine claim is allowed to press his case in court and
recognising that there is a point beyond which repeated litigation would be
unduly oppressive to the defendant. …_

(emphasis added)

31 Considering the procedural history of this litigation and the parties
against whom the plaintiff is presently proceeding, this is a clear instance
of an abuse of process of court. In 2005, the plaintiff filed Suit No 558 of
2005 against HX, where he sought to claim a 40% share of the Chinese
Investment (this comprised a 30% investment by the plaintiff and 10%
investment by his mother), 10% facilitation fees and a further 10% as bonus
for successfully securing the investment on the basis of a prior oral contract
made between the plaintiff and the first defendant. The first defendant, on
behalf of HX, disputed the terms of the oral contract and filed a counterclaim
against the plaintiff for restitution of dividend payments which the plaintiff
had received from the Chinese Investment previously. HX then joined the
plaintiff’s mother for an indemnity and/or a contribution alleging that she
had breached her fiduciary duties as HX’s director and had unjustly enriched
herself by receiving dividend payments rightfully belonging to HX. The
plaintiff then filed a Third Party claim against the first defendant averring
that if HX’s counterclaim should succeed, the first defendant would be a
constructive trustee of monies that she received from the Chinese Investment
in favour of HX. Eventually, the High Court dismissed the plaintiff’s claims.
The judge held that an analysis of the oral agreement showed that the
plaintiff’s and his mother’s shareholding in the Chinese Investment and also
their dividend entitlement only amounted to 40%. The first defendant’s
shareholding was held to be 60%. The plaintiff’s claims for facilitation fees
and the bonus also failed.

32 The Court of Appeal hearing the plaintiff’s appeal in Civil Appeal No 127
of 2007 dismissed it with costs.

33 Dissatisfied with the outcome of the appeal, the plaintiff applied again to
the Court of Appeal in Originating Summons No 331 of 2010 for a new trial. He
argued that the judge in Suit No 558 of 2005 failed to fully account for his
investment contribution in the Chinese investment because it was misled by the
first defendant at the trial. The Court of Appeal found that the plaintiff’s
arguments were without merit and dismissed his application with costs.

34 In the above-mentioned previous proceedings, the plaintiff has repeatedly
alleged that his investment contribution in the Chinese Investment was
unaccounted for and not recorded accurately in HX’s accounts. This allegation
was again reiterated in the statement of claim in the present suit.[note: 8]
Indeed, the claims made in the plaintiff’s written submissions in Originating
Summons No 331 of 2010[note: 9] bore substantial resemblance to his
allegations here.

35 It would thus appear that the plaintiff was simply repackaging his claim in
various forms and putting them before the court time and again, in the hope
that he would eventually succeed in one. This was in spite of his claims
having already been dismissed previously by the court on several occasions.
His present claim took the form of fraud but, as the defendants rightly
pointed out, the essence of his complaint remained the same: that his
investment monies of $326,467 be accounted for and be recognised accordingly
in HX’s books. Re-litigating his claim repeatedly despite the judicial
determinations of its lack of merit was a clear abuse of process of court.

36 Additionally, I agreed with the defendants that no fresh evidence has been
placed before the court in the present proceedings. The two points that the
plaintiff raised, _i.e._ , that he had received financial statements from
accountants showing HX was a dormant company contrary to what the first
defendant had allegedly testified to in Suit No 558 of 2005 and that HX’s
company secretary was charged by the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore for
aiding tax evasion, did not assist him in his allegations of fraud against the
defendants. On his first point, this was not new evidence which could not have
been discovered with reasonable diligence in the previous proceedings and, on
his second point, the company secretary was in fact charged for aiding another
company evade tax and that was wholly unconnected to HX and therefore
irrelevant to the present proceedings.

37 The present proceedings amounted to a collateral attack on the earlier
decisions given by the High Court and the Court of Appeal. By alleging in this
action that the High Court judge was misled by the defendants’ fraud into
giving judgment when there was no apparent factual justification for this
serious allegation constituted a clear abuse of the judicial process. Indeed,
the learned authors in Spencer Bower and Handley, _Res Judicata_ (Lexis Nexis,
4th Ed, 2009) (“ _Res Judicata_ ”) at paragraph 26.16(a) recognised that these
were strong grounds for finding abuse, _i.e._ , where a party who was
unsuccessful in earlier proceedings in which he had a proper opportunity of
being heard now launches a collateral attack on the earlier decision by
instituting a new action in the absence of fresh evidence.

38 The learned authors in _Res Judicata_ at paragraph 26.16(h) also observed
that an abuse of process may also be found where a claimant dissatisfied with
the result in the original proceedings seeks further relief or seeks it from a
different defendant. They cite the case of _Rippon v Chilcotin_ _Pty Ltd_
(2001) 53 NSWLR 198 (“ _Rippon_ ”) for this proposition. In that case, a
purchaser sued a vendor for breach of warranties of the accounts annexed to
the contract and misrepresentation to the same effect. As the purchaser had
only relied on the warranties, he failed in his claim for misrepresentation.
The purchaser then sued the accountants who drew up the accounts for
misrepresentation seeking a different finding on reliance on the
misrepresentation above. While the facts of the present case do not strictly
mirror those of _Rippon_ , the essence of the abuse is the same. The plaintiff
sued the accountant of HX and the counsel who represented the first defendant
in the previous actions, bringing them in as the second and third defendants
here respectively. His allegations against them were, respectively, assisting
with the first defendant’s fraud and colluding with the witnesses, causing the
plaintiff to fail in his legal action and depriving him of an account of his
share in the Chinese Investment. Bringing in both these parties, who have
little to do with the underlying dispute, to answer to claims which have no
factual foundation constituted an improper use of the court’s adjudicatory
process.

39 As regard the first defendant, it was clear that the present proceedings
against her were an abuse of process. The learned authors in _Res Judicata_ at
paragraph 26.15 noted that it was highly likely that abuse would be found
where a subsequent action was instituted against the original defendant. Here,
the first defendant was brought in as a third party in the counterclaim in
Suit No 558 of 2005 and was the respondent in both Civil Appeal No 127 of 2007
and Originating Summons No 331 of 2010. In the present action, as in all the
previous actions, the allegations made against her remained the same and
involved the same factual matrix. She was therefore made to answer to similar
allegations on various occasions even though the original dispute had already
been adjudicated upon. This was a wholly improper use of the court’s process
and it would certainly be unfair to the first defendant to allow the
oppression to continue.

40 The rationale of the abuse of process doctrine is to prevent a party who
could have litigated an issue in previous proceedings but did not do so from
initiating a new action to determine that issue where there are no clear and
justifiable reasons for allowing this: _Henderson v Henderson_ [1843-1860] All
ER Rep 78; _Goh Nellie_ from [51]. Therefore, considering all the
circumstances of this case as required by the broad merits-based test, the
plaintiff’s present action was patently an abuse of process and there could be
no justification to allow him to continue with his claim.

41 While it is sufficient to establish just one out of the four grounds under
O 18 r 19 to successfully strike out a pleading, these grounds are in reality
not mutually exclusive. I now proceed to discuss briefly grounds (a) and (b)
of O 18 r 19 as alternative bases for striking out the plaintiff’s statement
of claim.

42 Ground (b) of O 18 r 19 addresses instances where parties are not _bona
fide_ in bringing an action but merely bring it to annoy or embarrass their
opponent: _Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau_ [1990] SLR 1251. It has been noted
that a clear example of a “frivolous or vexatious” case would be one where a
person is unjustifiably made a party to an action: Singapore Court Practice at
paragraph 18/19/12. The plaintiff’s act of bringing in the second and third
defendants was such an instance. As mentioned above at [38], both these
parties were drawn into the present suit even though they had nothing to do
with the underlying dispute and this was made worse by the fact that there was
no real evidence supporting the plaintiff’s claim of fraud against them. As
for the first defendant, by instituting fresh proceedings against her without
reasonable basis on the facts and effectively disregarding previous court
decisions, the plaintiff’s conduct was clearly vexatious.

43 In ground (a) of O 18 r 19, a ‘reasonable cause of action’ refers to one
which has some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading are
considered: _Drummond-Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER
1094. If the alleged cause of action is bound to fail on examining the
allegations, the court ought to exercise its power to strike it out: Singapore
Court Practice at paragraph 18/19/1. The courts require that it be “patently
clear” that there is no reasonable cause of action or defence: Singapore Court
Practice at paragraph 18/19/9.

44 It was difficult to see how the plaintiff’s claim of fraud against the
defendants amounted to a ‘reasonable cause of action’ given the facts set out
in his statement of claim. An allegation of fraud is a very serious one and
the gravity of such allegation requires more evidence to establish it despite
the standard of proof in civil proceedings still being one of a balance of
probabilities: _Chua Kwee Chen and others (as Westlake Eating House) and
another v Koh Choon Chin_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 469 at [22].

45 The plaintiff argued that the first defendant deliberately omitted his
investment monies from HX’s books and obscured the parties’ true contributions
during the trial process, thus perpetrating the fraud. However, on an
examination of the facts set out in paragraphs [12]-[14] of his statement of
claim,[note: 10] it is clear that the plaintiff has not discharged the high
standard of proof required to establish a claim for fraud. The plaintiff
simply made bare allegations against the first defendant which could find no
support factually, given the High Court judge’s findings in Suit No 558 of
2005 regarding the parties’ agreement on their shares in the Chinese
Investment and the dividends. The plaintiff’s claims against the second and
third defendants for allegedly assisting and colluding with the first
defendant to perpetrate fraud were similarly without basis. In particular, the
third defendant had simply defended his client’s rights as counsel for the
first defendant in the conduct of the previous proceedings. Just because
witnesses there testified against the plaintiff did not constitute grounds for
finding collusion between them and the third defendant. These were totally
unjustifiable allegations by the plaintiff. There was thus no sustainable
cause of action in fraud against the defendants on the face of the facts here.

46 Further, the plaintiff’s claim for future dividends was without legal
basis. As the third defendant rightly pointed out, these future dividends have
not accrued yet nor have they been paid out in the Chinese Investment itself.
As such, the obligation to pay them to the plaintiff did not arise at this
point in time. It follows that the plaintiff’s appeals against the striking
out of his claims must be dismissed.

47 On the other hand, an examination of the defences put forth by the first,
second and third defendants showed that they did not fall within any of the
four available grounds for striking out under O 18 r 19. There were good
reasons for them to plead that the plaintiff was re-litigating his claims and
abusing the court’s process in the light of the history of the proceedings set
out above. I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal against the AR’s
decision not to strike out the defendants’ defences.

Conclusion

48 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed all three appeals from the AR’s
decision.

49 On the issue of costs, the third defendant informed me that an offer to
settle dated 18 October 2011 was served on the plaintiff some weeks before the
hearing. The terms of the offer to settle were that each party would bear its
own costs if the plaintiff withdrew the appeals before the hearing of the
appeals. Before me, the third defendant suggested that costs be fixed at
$30,000 since the AR ordered $25,000 for each set of defendants below. The
plaintiff submitted that this was way too high. The first and second
defendants left the question of costs to the court.

50 The costs orders made by the AR were in respect of the dismissal of the
entire action. For these appeals before me, which were quite straightforward
and took slightly more than one and a half hours due largely to the fact that
the plaintiff was not represented by solicitors, I ordered costs of $1,500 to
be paid by the plaintiff to the first and second defendants and another $1,500
to be paid by the plaintiff to the third defendant.

51 The plaintiff has filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal against my
decision in respect of the dismissal of his appeals in the defendants’ two
striking out applications (see [16]).

* * *

[note: 1]_Chia Kok Kee v HX Investment Pte Ltd (So Lai Har (alias Chia Choon),
third party in issue) (Tan Wah, third party in counterclaim)_ [2007] SGHC 164

[note: 2]Order of Court dated 13 March 2008, exhibited in Tan Wah’s affidavit
in reply to Summons No 1111/2011 and in support of Summons No 1658/2011

[note: 3]Order of Court dated 8 July 2010, exhibited in Tan Wah’s affidavit in
reply to Summons No 1111/2011 and in support of Summons No 1658/2011

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s written submissions for Summons 1111 of 2011 dated 16 Aug
2011, and Plaintiff’s oral submissions as recorded in the AR’s Minute Sheets
dated 15 July 2011 and 16 August 2011.

[note: 5]First and second defendants’ written submissions for Summons No 1111
of 2011 and Summons No 1658 of 2011; Third defendant’s written submissions for
Summons No 1111 of 2011 and Summons No 1645 of 2011

[note: 6]AR minute sheet dated 16 Aug 2011

[note: 7]First and second Defendants’ submissions filed on 20 Oct 2011

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s writ of summons for S 97 of 2011 filed on 17 February
2011

[note: 9]Plaintiff’s written submissions for OS No. 331 of 2010 before the
Court of Appeal filed on 30 June 2010

[note: 10]_Supra_ , n 8

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

