Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  JFC Builders Pte Ltd _v_ LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 243

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 547 of 2012/K (Registrar's Appeal No
316 of 2012/K)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Melvin Chan and Kishan Pillay (TSMP Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff; Lam Wei Yaw and Cynthea Zhou (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  JFC Builders Pte Ltd — LionCity Construction Co Pte Ltd  
  
30 November 2012|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal by LionCity Construction Company Pte Ltd (“the Defendant”)
against a decision by an Assistant Registrar to set aside an adjudication
determination in favour of the Defendant under the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev Ed) (“SOPA”). JFC Builders
Pte Ltd is the plaintiff (“the Plaintiff”). After hearing arguments, I
dismissed the appeal.

Background

2 I gratefully adopt the background as set out by counsel for the Plaintiff.

3 The Plaintiff is the main contractor for a project titled “Proposed Change
of Use from Shop to Erection of a Hotel Development Comprising of 1 Block of
10-Storey Building with Swimming Pool, a Restaurant and a Basement Carpark on
Lot 01698N and 01699X (PT) MK 01 at 50 Telok Blangah Road (Bukit Merah
Planning Area)” (“the Project”).

4 Pursuant to a Letter of Offer – Structural Works dated 12 May 2010, the
Plaintiff engaged the Defendant to supply material, tools and labour to
undertake the structural works for the Project.

5 Separately, pursuant to another Letter of Offer – Architectural Works dated
26 June 2010, the Plaintiff engaged the Defendant to supply material, tools
and labour to undertake the architectural works for the Project.

6 The owner of the Project is Fiesta Development Pte Ltd (“the Owner”).

7 The chronology of material events leading to the present proceedings is as
follows:

S/No |  Date |  Event  
---|---|---  
(a) |  15.12.10 |  Defendant submits Progress Claim No 7 to Plaintiff for work done up to 30 November 2010 for the sum of $360,254.34.  
(b) |  Prior to 24.01.11 |  Plaintiff makes payment of the sum of $125,000 in respect of Progress Claim No 7.  
(c) |  24.01.11 |  Defendant submits Progress Claim No 8 to Plaintiff for work done up to 30 November 2010 for the sum of $235,254.34. In the same letter, Defendant gives notice of intention to apply for adjudication.  
(d) |  31.01.11 |  Plaintiff does not submit payment response.  
(e) |  01.02.11 |  Start of dispute settlement period. Defendant writes to notify Plaintiff that it shall proceed with adjudication.  
(f) |  09.02.11 |  End of dispute settlement period.  
(g) |  14.02.11 |  Defendant submits Adjudication Application in respect of Progress Claim No 8 for the sum of $251,722.14 (including GST) – AA24/2011.  
(h) |  22.02.11 |  Plaintiff does not lodge Adjudication Response.  
(i) |  01.03.11 |  Adjudicator issues Adjudication Determination, determining that the following amounts shall be payable by the Plaintiff to the Defendant: (i) Adjudicated Sum of $204,734.09; (ii) Interest at the rate of 5.33% from the date of the Adjudication Determination; (iii) 90% of the Adjudication Application Fee of $535.00; and (iv) 90% of the Adjudicator’s Fees of $11,235.  
(j) |  19.04.12 |  Defendant applies for leave to enforce the Adjudication Determination in the same manner as a judgment or order of court in OS 141/2012.  
(k) |  18.05.12 |  Defendant obtains Order of Court in OS 141/2012 granting leave to enforce the Adjudication Determination in the same manner as a judgment or order of court.  
(l) |  22.05.12 |  Order of Court in OS 141/2012 served on Plaintiff.  
(m) |  08.06.12 |  Plaintiff applies by OS 547/2012 (_ie_ , the present proceedings) to set aside the Adjudication Determination and Order of Court in OS 141/2012.  
  
  

8 The Plaintiff stressed that the Defendant’s Progress Claim No 8 was for
exactly the same work claimed under Progress Claim No 7. The amount claimed
under Progress Claim No 8 would have been for the same sum as was claimed
under Progress Claim No 7 but for the fact that the Plaintiff had made payment
of $125,000 after receiving Progress Claim No 7. Therefore, the Defendant had
given credit for this $125,000 in its Progress Claim No 8.

9 As can be seen from the above chronology, the Plaintiff did not issue a
payment response to Progress Claim No 8. Neither did it participate in the
adjudication process which arose from the Adjudication Application of the
Defendant. The Adjudicator issued his Adjudication Determination (“the AD”) as
set out in the chronology. After this, the Defendant applied and obtained
leave of court from a District Court to enforce the AD in the same manner as a
judgment or order of court. After the District Court made an order to grant
the Defendant such leave and that order was served on the Plaintiff, the
Plaintiff then filed the present Originating Summons in the High Court (“OS
547/2012”) seeking, firstly, to set aside the AD and, secondly, to set aside
the District Court Order granting leave to the Defendant to enforce the AD as
mentioned above.

10 OS 547/2012 was heard by an Assistant Registrar (“AR”) on 11 and 18 July
2012 who allowed the Plaintiff’s application and ordered, _inter alia_ , that
the AD be set aside.

11 On 8 August 2012, the AR issued her Grounds of Decision stating, _inter
alia_ , that:

(a) the court can review the validity of a payment claim;

(b) there was insufficient basis to support setting aside the AD on the ground
alone that Progress Claim No 8 was a repeat claim; and

(c) the AD was set aside on the basis that Progress Claim No 8 had been served
out of time.

12 The AR declined to hear any argument in respect of the prayer to set aside
the District Court Order which granted the Defendant leave to enforce the AD.
She made no order on that prayer save that leave was granted to the Plaintiff
to bring an application to set aside the District Court Order.

13 On 31 July 2012, the Defendant filed the present appeal (Registrar’s Appeal
No 316 of 2012) against the AR’s decision.

The process of applying for leave to enforce or to set aside an AD

14 As can be seen from the facts enunciated above, the Plaintiff filed OS
547/2012 in the High Court even though the order granting leave to the
Defendant to enforce the AD was made by the District Court.

15 Counsel for the Plaintiff explained that in a previous similar case, a
District Judge had decided that the District Court has no jurisdiction to set
aside an AD because the review or consideration of such a determination is an
exercise of supervisory power which the District Court does not have. After an
appeal was filed to the High Court against that decision, the High Court
agreed with the decision of the District Judge. Accordingly, in the present
case, counsel for the Plaintiff filed its application in the High Court to set
aside both the AD and the District Court Order granting leave to enforce the
AD.

16 However, the AR apparently was of the view that since the order granting
leave to enforce the AD was made by the District Court, then the District
Court was the appropriate court to set aside such an order.

17 The Plaintiff’s counsel said it was not clear in the first place whether
the District Court has jurisdiction to grant leave to enforce the AD although
he was of the view that it does have such a jurisdiction. Section 27(1) of
SOPA which stipulates that an AD “may, with leave of the court, be enforced in
the same manner as a judgment or an order of the court to the same effect”
does not specify from which court the leave should be sought. Accordingly, it
does not stipulate that leave to enforce must be sought from the High Court.
Secondly, the granting of leave to enforce an AD was not an exercise of
supervisory power.

18 He also said that O 95 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the Rules”) states that an application for such leave is to be made to
the Registrar without qualification and the definition of the “Registrar”
refers to the Registrar of the Supreme Court and of the Subordinate Courts (of
which the District Court is part).

19 As for the prayer to set aside the order granting leave to enforce, it
seemed to me that there is no need to apply to set aside the order granting
leave to enforce the AD if the AD itself is set aside. The order granting
leave to enforce would then cease to be effective.

20 Nevertheless, it does seem strange that an application for leave to enforce
an AD may be made to the District Court but an application to set aside such
an AD must be made in the High Court. I am of the view that such a dichotomy
will trip many a solicitor as happened in the previous case mentioned by the
Plaintiff’s counsel. Indeed, it seemed to me that he was aware of it only
because he or his firm acted in the previous case when the client’s
application to set aside an AD failed because it was filed in the wrong court.

21 I hope that the process can be streamlined, whether by amendment of the
Rules or otherwise, so that in future any application for leave to enforce
will be made in the High Court.

Issues arising in this appeal

22 The issues to be determined in the appeal were:

(i) whether the court may review the validity of a payment claim;

(ii) whether it was inequitable for the Plaintiff to challenge the AD or the
Plaintiff had waived its right to do so. This was a new issue raised by the
Defendant’s counsel, Mr Lam, at the appeal.

(iii) whether Progress Claim No 8 was an invalid payment claim under SOPA and,
if so, its effect;

(iv) whether Progress Claim No 8 was served out of time; and, if so, its
effect;

(v) whether the adjudication application was invalid as a result of the
Defendant failing to serve a Notice of Intention to Apply for Adjudication in
accordance with the provisions of SOPA. This was a new issue raised by the
Plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Chan, at the appeal.

Issue 1- Whether the court may review the validity of a payment claim

23 SOPA does not expressly state that a court may set aside an AD but, as Mr
Chan submitted, s 27(5) of the SOPA clearly contemplates that a court can do
so. Section 27(5) states, “Where any party to an adjudication commences
proceedings to set aside the adjudication determination or the judgment
obtained pursuant to this section, ...”. The court’s power to set aside an AD
is acknowledged by O 95 of the Rules which sets out specific provisions on the
manner in which a party may apply to set aside an AD. The Defendant did not
dispute the court’s power to set aside an AD.

24 SOPA does not elaborate on the matters which a court may consider in
deciding whether to set aside an AD.

25 After considering differing High Court decisions on the scope of review
available under s 27(5) of the SOPA, I concluded that the court may review the
validity of a payment claim.

26 There is no need for me to discuss here the various High Court decisions as
the Court of Appeal recently delivered its written judgment in _Lee Wee Lick_
_Terence_ (_Li Weili Terence_) v _Chua Say Eng_ (_formerly trading as_ _Weng_
_Fatt_ _Construction Engineering_) [2012] SGCA 63 (“ _Lee Wee Lick_ ”) after I
had given my oral decision. I will refer to that judgment as “the CA
Judgment”. In the CA Judgment, the Court of Appeal reviewed various High Court
authorities and drew a distinction between two situations. The first is
whether there is in existence a payment claim. The second is whether a payment
claim complies with the requirements of SOPA. The first goes to the validity
of the appointment of an adjudicator. The second goes to the validity of an
AD. They can lead to the same outcome, _ie_ , the setting aside of an
adjudication award, but it would be for entirely different reasons (see [28],
[31] and [37] of the CA Judgment).

27 The Court of Appeal also reviewed various Australian cases and were of the
view that the characterisation in _Brodyn Pty Ltd v Davenport_ [2004] NSWCA
394 (“ _Brodyn_ ”) of a condition, the breach of which would invalidate an
adjudication, as “essential” is substantially the same as the characterisation
in _Chase Oyster_ _Bar Pty Limited v Hamo Industries Pty Ltd_ [2010] NSWCA 190
(“ _Chase Oyster_ ”) of such a condition as “mandatory” (see [61] of the CA
Judgment).

28 The question is whether the non-compliance or the breach is of a provision
which is so important that it is the legislative purpose that the non-
compliance or breach results in invalidity (see [67] of the CA Judgment).

29 Accordingly, the court may review the validity of a payment claim subject
to the second issue which I now come to.

Issue 2 – Whether it was inequitable for the Plaintiff to challenge the AD or
the Plaintiff had waived its right to do so

30 Mr Lam relied on _Brookhollow Pty Ltd v R &R Consultants Pty Ltd_ [2006]
NSWSC 1 (“ _Brookhollow_ ”) for the proposition that a challenge to a payment
claim, like a challenge to the service thereof, must be raised in a timeously
served payment response. As the Plaintiff did not send a payment response or
participate in the adjudication proceedings, he submitted that it was
inequitable for the Plaintiff to challenge the validity of Progress Claim No
8. I add that s 15(3)(a) SOPA states:

**15**.—(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and
the adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(_a_) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason
was included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to
the claimant;

Therefore, in the context of a construction contract which the parties
proceeded under, there is a consequence if a respondent does not serve a
payment response.

31 _Brookhollow_ was a case dealing with the New South Wales Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (which was amended in 2002
as I shall elaborate below). Section 20(2A) of their legislation is the
equivalent of s 15(3)(a) SOPA.

32 _Brookhollow_ is authority for the proposition that a respondent must
timeously serve a payment schedule (which is the equivalent of a payment
response under SOPA) to state its reasons for contesting a payment claim. If
it does not, then it is precluded from raising those reasons to set aside or
restrain enforcement of an AD.

33 Recently, in _RN & Associates Pte Ltd v TPX Builders Pte Ltd_ [2012] SGHC
225, Justice Andrew Ang (“Ang J”) delivered a written judgment whereby he
concluded that a respondent who served a payment response but did not raise a
certain objection in its payment response was estopped from raising it before
the court.

34 Ang J was also of the view that the validity of a payment claim is a mixed
question of law and fact within an adjudicator’s jurisdiction.

35 I should mention that Ang J’s written judgment was also delivered after I
had given my oral decision in the present case. My view was that if a payment
claim was given in breach of SOPA, that would undermine the jurisdiction of
the adjudicator to give the AD. Accordingly, neither s 15(3) SOPA nor estoppel
would preclude the Plaintiff from challenging the validity of the payment
claim.

36 As mentioned above at [26], the CA Judgment has drawn a distinction between
two different situations which I need not repeat. As regards the second
situation, where, for example, the validity of an AD is in issue because of
the validity of a payment claim, the CA Judgment suggests that the Plaintiff
would still not have been precluded from challenging the validity of a payment
claim notwithstanding the absence of a payment response from the Plaintiff.

37 In _Lee Wee Lick_ , the respondent also did not serve a payment response
and also did not file an adjudication response although, apparently, it did
participate in the adjudication conference. Yet the Court of Appeal did not
conclude that the respondent there was precluded from raising reasons to
challenge the validity of an AD.

38 For completeness, I would mention that in another case which I recently
heard, a claimant relied on the last sentence of [65] of the CA Judgment to
contend that failure to serve a payment response precluded a respondent from
raising any ground to challenge an AD. That sentence states: “... If the
respondent’s objection is that there is no valid payment claim, this should be
raised as soon as possible in the payment response so as not to delay the
adjudication process.”

39 As can be seen, that sentence does not go so far as that claimant’s
contention. All that sentence said was that a respondent’s objection “should”
be raised as soon as possible. I agree that a respondent’s objection should be
raised as soon as possible. However, that is a far cry from saying that
absence of a payment response precludes a respondent from challenging an AD on
any ground.

40 Furthermore, the CA Judgment confines the role of an adjudicator to certain
functions which do not include the review of the validity of a payment claim
and suggests that the validity of a payment claim is to be determined by the
court (see [64]-[65] of the CA Judgment).

41 This arguably also suggests that failure to serve a payment response does
not preclude a respondent from relying on an alleged invalidity of a payment
claim in a setting aside application made to the court.

42 I come now to Mr Lam’s other argument that the validity of the payment
claim could be waived and was waived by the Plaintiff because (a) the
Plaintiff had paid $110,000.00 being a partial payment of the amount awarded
under the AD and, in so doing, had waived its right to challenge the validity
of the payment claim and (b) any error by the adjudicator about the validity
of the payment claim was a mere irregularity which could be waived, relying on
the judgment of Prakash J in _Chip Hup_ _Hup_ _Kee_ _Construction Pte Ltd v
Ssangyong Engineering & Construction Co Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 658 (“CHHK”) at [43]
and [44].

43 I was of the view that if the payment claim was in breach of s 10(1) SOPA,
as alleged by the Plaintiff, that was not an irregularity which could be
waived.

44 In any event, the Plaintiff said that it had made the alleged payment
pursuant to a settlement agreement it had reached with the Defendant after the
AD was made and not pursuant to the AD whereas the Defendant denied any
settlement and alleged that the payment was made pursuant to the AD. The
evidence at present was insufficient to establish whether the payment was made
pursuant to the AD or not. Accordingly, on the available facts so far, I did
not think that the Defendant had established this contention.

Issue 3 - Whether Progress Claim No 8 was an invalid payment claim under SOPA
and, if so, its effect

45 As I mentioned above, the AR was of the view that there was insufficient
basis to support the setting aside of the AD on the ground that Progress Claim
No 8 was a repeat identical claim. Her reason was that in order to do so, “I
would first have to consider as a matter of law whether a sum could be
included in a fresh payment claim where no further works had been carried out
after service of the original claim but the said sum had not been paid. I
would also have to consider as a matter of fact what the nature of the works
originally claimed and what the nature of the works claimed in the allegedly
repeat claim were. This could entail a laborious process of looking at the
breakdown of the claim and going into an understanding of how each item was
incurred.”

46 I gather that the second reason, _ie_ , the factual reason was the main
reason why the AR was of the view that there was insufficient basis to decide
whether Progress Claim No 8 was in fact a repeat claim in the first place.

47 However, the facts before me were clear and undisputed. Mr Lam did not
suggest that Progress Claim No 8 was not a repeat claim of Progress Claim No
7. I stress that my reference to a “repeat” claim is one which merely repeats
an earlier claim without any additional item of claim, whether for additional
or repair work or otherwise although of course it may and should give credit
for any payment received since the earlier claim was made.

48 There was no doubt that Progress Claim No 8 was a repeat claim. The
question was whether it was a valid claim under SOPA. Sections 10(1) and (4)
SOPA state:

**10**.—(1) A claimant may serve one payment claim in respect of a progress
payment on —

(_a_) one or more other persons who, under the contract concerned, is or may
be liable to make the payment; or

(_b_) such other person as specified in or identified in accordance with the
terms of the contract for this purpose.

...

(4) Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent the claimant from including, in a
payment claim in which a respondent is named, an amount that was the subject
of a previous payment claim served in relation to the same contract which has
not been paid by the respondent if, and only if, the first-mentioned payment
claim is served within 6 years after the construction work to which the amount
in the second-mentioned payment claim relates was last carried out, or the
goods or services to which the amount in the second-mentioned payment claim
relates were last supplied, as the case may be.

49 Mr Chan submitted that s 10(1) implicitly precluded a claimant from making
a repeat claim. As for s 10(4), he submitted that s 10(4) allows an earlier
payment claim to be “included” in a subsequent payment claim only if the
earlier payment claim is part of a larger subsequent payment claim. In other
words, s 10(4) does not allow a claimant to simply repeat an earlier claim.

50 Mr Lam did not seem to dispute that s 10(1) implicitly precluded a claimant
from making a repeat claim. However, he focussed on s 10(4) and submitted that
it allows a claimant to make a repeat claim.

51 The Adjudicator was of the view that s 10(4) did not prevent the Defendant
from including in Progress Claim No 8 what had been claimed in Progress Claim
No 7 (see [19] and [20] of the AD). He seemed to assume that the word
“include” in s 10(4) allows the Defendant to make a repeat claim. In fairness
to him, he might not have been aware of the argument about s 10(1) as the
Plaintiff did not participate in the proceedings before the Adjudicator.

52 SOPA is derived primarily from New South Wales legislation, _ie_ , their
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 as amended in
2002 (“BCISOPA Amended 2002”).

53 In 2002, New South Wales introduced various provisions including a new
section 13(5) and (6):

(5) A claimant cannot serve more than one payment claim in respect of each
reference date under the construction contract.

(6) However, subsection (5) does not prevent the claimant from including in a
payment claim an amount that has been the subject of a previous claim.

54 As can be seen, s 13(5) BCISOPA Amended 2002 is explicit about prohibiting
a claimant from serving more than one payment claim whereas our s 10(1) does
not have this express prohibition. The argument before me was that the
prohibition was implied. Another “difference” is that the said s 13(5) talks
about a payment claim in respect of “each reference date under the
construction contract” whereas our s 10(1) talks about one payment claim in
respect of “a progress payment”. However, the definition of a “reference date”
in s 8(2)(a) BCISOPA Amended 2002 in turn refers to a progress payment as it
means “a date determined by ... the terms of the contract as the date on which
a claim for a progress payment may be made ...”.

55 In _Sandra Doolan and Stephen Doolan v Rubikcon (QLD) Pty Ltd_ [2007] QSC
168 (“ _Doolan_ ”), the Supreme Court of Queensland was considering, _inter
alia_ , ss 17(5) and (6) of the Building and Construction Industry Payments
Act 2004 which is similar to (but not identical with) ss 13(5) and (6) of
BCISOPA Amended 2002. Fryberg J decided that a previous claim cannot be the
sole item included in a later claim.

56 In _Dualcorp Pty Ltd v Remo Constructions Pty Ltd_ [2009] NSWCA 69 (“
_Dualcorp_ ”), Allsop P of the New South Wales Court of Appeal said, at [13]
and [14]:

13 I see no warrant under either the contract or the Act, s 8 for permitting a
party in Dualcorp’s position to create fresh reference dates by lodging the
same claim for the same completed works in successive payment claims. That is
not the intended operation of the last phrase of s 8(2)(b) (“and the last day
of each subsequent named month”).

14 Here, the work had been done; Dualcorp, the subcontractor, had left the
site; it claimed payment by six invoices; six weeks later it repeated that
claim by reference to the same invoices and, in my view, in respect of the
same reference date. Dualcorp was prevented from serving the second payment
claim. The terms of s 13(5) are a prohibition. The words “cannot serve more
than one payment claim” are a sufficiently clear statutory indication that a
document purporting to be a payment claim that is in respect of the same
reference date as a previous claim is not a payment claim under the Act and
does not attract the statutory regime of the Act.

57 Section 8(2)(b) of BCISOPA Amended 2002 states:

(2) In this section, **_reference date_** , in relation to a construction
contract, means:

...

(b) if the contract makes no express provision with respect to the matter—the
last day of the named month in which the construction work was first carried
out (or the related goods and services were first supplied) under the contract
and the last day of each subsequent named month.

[emphasis in original]

58 In _Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v Taisei Corp_ [2009] SGHC 218 (“
_Doo Ree_ ”), another Assistant Registrar, Nathaniel Khng, referred to various
cases including _Dualcorp_ and _Doolan_ as well as _Shellbridge Pty Ltd v
Rider_ _Hunt Sydney Pty Ltd_ [2005] NSWSC 1152. He decided that repeat claims
are not allowed under SOPA. AR Khng said at [20]:

20 The interpretation given in _Shellbridge_ and _Dualcorp_ would appear to be
in line with the legislative intention behind the enactment of ss 13(5) and
13(6), which apparently was to limit the number of times a claim could be made
in respect of each particular reference date in order to prevent abuse. At the
Second Reading of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment
Amendment Bill 2002 (NSW), which sought to enact, _inter alia_ , ss 13(5) and
13(6), Mr Morris Iemma (the Minister for Public Works and Services, Minister
for Sport and Recreation, and Minister Assisting the Premier on Citizenship)
stated (New South Wales, Legislative Assembly, _Parliamentary Debates_ (12
November 2002) at p 6543):

We _recognise the potential for claimants to abuse also the intent of the
legislation_. Consequently, the bill [_ie_ , the Building and Construction
Industry Security of Payment Amendment Bill] _restricts claimants to one
payment claim under the Act in respect of each reference date_. [emphasis in
AR Khng’s decision]

59 So far, the authorities mentioned above were in support of Mr Chan’s
contention. However, when the Defendant’s appeal first came on for hearing
before me on 6 September 2012, Mr Lam had discovered and referred to a
contrary decision by the Queensland Court of Appeal in _Spankie v James_
_Trowse_ _Construction Pty Ltd_ [2010] QCA 355 (“ _Spankie_ ”). I have
mentioned above that ss 17(5) and (6) of the Queensland legislation is similar
to the New South Wales legislation. I set out below ss 17(1), (2), (4), (5)
and (6) of the Queensland legislation:

17 Payment claims

(1)A person mentioned in section 12 who is or who claims to be entitled to a
progress payment (the claimant) may serve a payment claim on the person who,
under the construction contract concerned, is or may be liable to make the
payment (the respondent).

(2)A payment claim –

(a)must identify the construction work or related goods and services to which
the progress payment relates; and

(b)must state the amount of the progress payment that the claimant claims to
be payable (the claimed amount); and

(c)must state that it is made under this Act.

...

(4)A payment claim may be served only within the later of –

(a)the period worked out under the construction contract; or

(b)the period of 12 months after the construction work to which the claim
relates was last carried out or the related goods and services to which the
claim relates were last supplied.

(5)A claimant cannot serve more than 1 payment claim in relation to each
reference date under the construction contract.

(6)However, subsection (5) does not prevent the claimant from including in a
payment claim an amount that has been the subject of a previous claim.

60 In _Spankie_ , the court of first instance rejected the contention that the
law precluded the making of successive payment claims for identical amounts
for the same work where the second payment claim related to a new reference
date after the reference date for the first claim. The Court of Appeal
dismissed an appeal against that decision.

61 The judgment of the Court of Appeal was delivered by Fraser JA. He said at
[23]:

I return to the provision which is critical for the appellant’s argument, s
17(6). In my respectful opinion, the text of s 17(6) is wholly inapt to impose
any restriction upon the generally expressed entitlement in s 17(1). When s
17(6) is read in the context of the preceding provisions, as it should be, its
effect is merely to ensure that no implication may be drawn that s 17(5)
precludes a claimant from making a payment claim for an unpaid amount claimed
in a previous claim. Section 17(6) does not provide that a payment claim may
not claim only an unpaid amount of a previous payment claim and it should not
be given that construction. The prospect that claimants might cause
respondents undue expense and inconvenience by using payment claims as
rehearsals for a final claim is an insufficient basis for such a construction.
That concern should not be exaggerated. Claimants will ordinarily have a
powerful interest in putting their best foot forward in the earliest payment
claim so as to obtain prompt payment. In any event, even on the appellant’s
construction s 17(6) permits repetitive claims if the subsequent payment claim
also claims another amount. That requires rejection of the appellant’s
argument that there is a general implication in BCIPA against any “re-
agitation” of a payment claim in a subsequent payment claim, even where there
has been no adjudication determination.

62 As for the observations made by Allsop P in _Dualcorp_ , Fraser JA
distinguished _Dualcorp_ from _Spankie_ on the basis that in _Dualcorp_ the
earlier claim was the subject of a valid AD.

63 In view of the above authorities, I asked counsel to do further research,
_inter alia_ , to see if there was any Parliamentary statement (other than the
one cited in _Doo Ree_) in any of the various jurisdictions including
Singapore which would shed more light on the issue. Notwithstanding their
diligence, counsel were unable to uncover any such statement although Mr Lam
came up with more cases which I will come to later.

64 If one were to apply Fraser JA’s observations about the said s 17(6) to s
10(4) of SOPA, one might think that this would mean that our s 10(4) is also
inapt to impose any restriction on repeat claims. While this may be so, I did
not agree, for the reasons stated below, that a claimant in Singapore may rely
on a repeat claim as the basis of an adjudication application.

65 I did not think that our s 10(1) is a generally expressed entitlement. On
the contrary, it stipulates that a claimant may serve “one” payment claim.
That restriction applies “in respect of a progress payment”.

66 In Queensland, s 17(1) is subject to s 17(5) which restricts one payment
claim in relation “to each reference date” so that, in the view of Fraser JA,
another payment claim can be made so long as it is in relation to a different
reference date even though it is in respect of an identical sum for identical
work previously claimed and no more.

67 In my view, s 10(1) does impliedly preclude a claimant from making a repeat
claim. Otherwise there would be no purpose in having s 10(1). Furthermore, it
is because s 10(1) contains this implied prohibition that s 10(4) starts off
by stating “Nothing in subsection (1) shall prevent ...”. If there is no
prohibition in s 10(1) in the first place, then the starting words in s 10(4)
are unnecessary. Furthermore, Mr Lam did not suggest that s 10(1) imposed a
prohibition other than the one contended by Mr Chan. Indeed, as mentioned
above, he appeared to accept Mr Chan’s position on s 10(1) but not on s 10(4).

68 It also seemed to me that it is an abuse to allow a claimant to make repeat
claims which he will do if, for example, he has missed the deadline under SOPA
to serve his earlier payment claim. Indeed, the deadline to do so would also
be rendered largely nugatory if he can resurrect a new deadline by merely
issuing and serving a repeat claim.

69 I come now to the additional cases which Mr Lam cited to support the
Defendant’s position. I need only mention four specifically.

70 In _Watpac Constructions v Austin Corp_ (2010) NSWSC 168, the facts were
quite different. The payment claim which was the subject of an AD included a
claim for variation work which had been the subject of an earlier AD by
another adjudicator. The court decided that such an inclusion did not make the
entire payment claim an invalid one.

71 The second case is _Olympia Group Pty Ltd v Tyrenian Group Pty Ltd_ [2010]
NSWSC 319. Mr Lam relied on what Hammerschlag J said at [32]:

So far as abuse of process point is concerned, I propose to follow what was
said by the Court of Appeal in _Falgat Constructions Pty Ltd v Equity
Australia Corporation Pty Ltd_ [2006] NSWCA 259\. In the judgment of Hodgson
JA at par 36 his Honour held that the Act permits successive payment claims to
be made for the same work. This disposes of the first plaintiff's submission.

72 The third case is _Falgat Constructions Pty Ltd v Equity Australia
Corporation Pty Ltd_ [2006] NSWCA 259 which was cited with approval by
Hammerschlag J. In that case, Hodgson JA adhered to what he had said in
_Brodyn_ “to the effect that after cessation of work there continue to be
reference dates in respect of which successive payment claims can be made ...”
and that s 13(6) permits successive payment claims to be for the same work.

73 However, what Hodgson JA said in _Brodyn_ was not in respect of a repeat
claim as such. What he said there was that successive payment claims could
still be made even though no further work was done because an earlier claim
may, for one reason or another, have excluded a claim for work done. Hodgson
JA said at [62] to [64]:

62Brodyn’s submission was that the payment claim served on 28 September 2003
was not a valid payment claim under the Act, because the termination of the
contract and cessation of the work under it meant that there was thereafter
only one reference date, in respect of which only one final payment claim
could be made. This submission was supported by the decision of McDougall J in
_Holdmark Developers Pty Ltd v G J_ _Formwork Pty Ltd_ [2004] NSWSC 905.

63However, s 8(2) of the Act does not provide that reference dates cease on
termination of a contract or cessation of work. This may be the case under s
8(2)(a) if the contract so provides but not otherwise; while s 8(2)(b)
provides a starting reference date but not a concluding one. In my opinion,
the only non-contractual limit to the occurrence of reference dates is that
which in effect flows from the limits in s 13(4): reference dates cannot
support the serving of any payment claims outside these limits.

64In my opinion, as submitted by Mr Fisher for Dasein, this view is supported
by s 13(6), which indicates that successive payment claims do not necessarily
have to be in respect of additional work; and especially by s 13(3)(a), which
provides for inclusion in payment claims of amounts for which the respondent
is liable under s 27(2A). Losses and expenses arising from suspension of work
could arise progressively for a substantial time after work has ceased on a
project, and s 13(3)(a) expressly contemplates that further payment claims for
these losses and expenses may be made progressively.

74 The fourth case is _CC No 1 v Reed_ [2010] NSWSC 294. Mr Lam relied on what
MacReady AsJ said at [25] to [27]:

25 The critical section to which regard has to be given in any proper
construction of the Act is of course s 13 and in particular subsections (5)
and (6). As the President said at paragraph 8 of his judgment in _Dualcorp_
the subsections permit the inclusion in another payment claim (necessarily by
reference to another reference date) an amount that has been the subject of a
previous claim. He then gave a common example. That example of course fits in
well with the scheme of the Act as frequently there are variation claims which
proceed over a substantial period of time and will have an increasing value as
each progress claim by reference to a new reference date is made.

26 What was emphasised in the defendant's submissions was a common situation
that may occur where although the physical work is complete the total cost
might not be apparent at the time of submitting a claim. For instance a
subcontractors invoice might not be received or some item of cost may be
overlooked. Take a common example of a cost plus contract which does not give
a right to progress payments. It may well be that after the completion of a
separate part of the work and a submission of the claim another item of the
cost may come to light. As long as it is included in the next reference date
claim so as not to administratively overburden the owner why should the
builder not be able to claim? It would not be fair to make him wait for the
conclusion of the contract for a chance to exercise his rights under s 32 of
the Act.

27 The defendant's construction of the Act seeks to accommodate these
additional claims being made in order to allow the contractor to receive the
benefit of the cash flow to which he is entitled under the Act notwithstanding
that a claim will be for an amount in respect of work, which was physically
complete at an earlier time.

75 In my view, those observations did not assist the Defendant. Mr Chan had
accepted that the Defendant could present claims of increasing value but not a
repeat claim.

76 In the circumstances, I was of the view that a claimant is precluded from
making a repeat claim. Section 10(1) is an important part of the scheme under
SOPA and it is the legislative purpose that a breach of s 10(1) renders the
payment claim invalid. Hence, Progress Claim No 8 was not a valid claim for
the purpose of SOPA and the AD, which was based on Progress Claim No 8, was to
be set aside.

77 I must, however, refer to the CA Judgment again. That case did not involve
a repeat claim. Nevertheless, the judgment said, _obiter_ , at [92]:

... In this connection, we should add that we do not approve the finding of
the Assistant Registrar in _Doo Ree Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v Taisei
Corporation_ [2009] SGHC 218 that s 10(1) of the Act prohibits all repeat
claims (in that case, the repeat claim was a non-adjudicated premature claim).

78 It is not clear to me whether the Court of Appeal was referring to a repeat
claim as I have described it at [48] above or not. Moreover, no reasons were
given for its view. Accordingly, I will say no more about it for the time
being.

Issue 4 - Whether Progress Claim No 8 was served out of time and, if so, its
effect

79 In respect of Issue 4, Mr Chan submitted that because Progress Claim No 8
related to work carried out up to 30 November 2010, then it ought to have been
submitted by 31 December 2010. However, it was only submitted on 24 January
2011 and was therefore served outside the period prescribed by Reg 5(1) of the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations (“the SOP
Regulations”).

80 Regulation 5(1) of the SOP Regulations prescribes the time when a payment
claim shall be served in the absence of a contractual stipulation. Regulation
5(1) states:

Where a contract does not contain any provision specifying the time at which a
payment claim shall be served or by which such time may be determined, then a
payment claim made under the contract shall be served by the last day of each
month following the month in which the contract is made.

81 It was not disputed that the contracts between the parties do not specify
the date on which a payment claim is required to be served. As such, the
Defendant was required to serve its payment claim in accordance with Reg 5(1).

82 As can be seen, Reg 5 does not expressly state that a payment claim must
include all work done in the period which is the subject of the claim. In
_Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng Fatt Construction Engineering) v Lee
Wee Lick Terence (alias Li Weili Terence)_ [2011] SGHC 109, the parties
appeared to proceed on that basis and so did the court. The question there was
different, _ie_ , whether a payment claim for work done in April 2010 had to
be served by 30 April 2010 or by 31 May 2010 in the absence of any contractual
provision stating otherwise. Tay J decided that it was the latter after
referring to comments from a book by Chow Kok Fong and a book and a paper by
Dr Philip Chan. Thus, Tay J said, at [49], that “for example, for work done in
April, payment must be claimed by 31 May ... if payment for work done in a
certain month is not claimed under the SOPA by the last day of the subsequent
month, then a claim in respect thereof cannot be made under the SOPA anymore
...”.

83 The CA Judgment has decided that Tay J was wrong to conclude that a payment
claim for work done in one month must be served by the end of the next month
(see [87]-[90] of the CA Judgment) because work done in one month need not be
the subject of a payment claim made in the next month.

84 Therefore, it may be that Progress Claim No 8 was not served out of time,
if the Defendant is not precluded from making a repeat claim.

85 I will not say more on this issue as I have concluded that the Defendant
was precluded from making a repeat claim.

Issue 5 - Whether the Defendant’s Notice of Intention to Apply for
Adjudication was invalid and, if so, its effect

86 As mentioned above, Mr Chan raised Issue 5 only at the appeal stage. The
relevant provisions are ss 11(1), 12(2)(b), 12(5), 13(1) to (3)(a) SOPA.

87 Section 11(1)(b) SOPA stipulates that a respondent named in a payment claim
is to respond to the payment claim within seven days after the payment claim
is served under s 10 where the construction contract does not specify a date
to do so. It was not disputed that the contracts in question did not specify a
date to do so.

88 Sections 12(2)(b) and 12(5) state:

**12**.—(1) ...

(2) Where, in relation to a construction contract —

(_a_) ...

(_b_) the respondent fails to provide a payment response to the claimant by
the date or within the period referred to in section 11 (1), the claimant is
entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13 in relation to
the relevant payment claim if, by the end of the dispute settlement period,
the dispute is not settled or the respondent does not provide the payment
response, as the case may be.

...

(5) In this section, “dispute settlement period”, in relation to a payment
claim dispute, means the period of 7 days after the date on which or the
period within which the payment response is required to be provided under
section 11 (1).

89 I should mention for completeness that s 12(2) pertains to a construction
contract whereas there is another provision, _ie_ , s 12(3) which pertains to
a supply contract. However, the parties proceeded on the basis that s 12(2) is
the applicable provision.

90 Sections 13(1) to (3)(a) state:

**13**.—(1) A claimant who is entitled to make an adjudication application
under section 12 may, subject to this section, apply for the adjudication of a
payment claim dispute by lodging the adjudication application with an
authorised nominating body.

(2) An adjudication application shall not be made unless the claimant has, by
notice in writing containing the prescribed particulars, notified the
respondent of his intention to apply for adjudication of the payment claim
dispute.

(3) An adjudication application —

(_a_) shall be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to
make an adjudication application first arises under section 12;

...

91 As Progress Claim No 8 was submitted on 24 January 2011, the Plaintiff had
seven days to respond, _ie_ , by 31 January 2011. The dispute settlement
period was seven days thereafter. According to Mr Chan, this would expire on 9
February 2011 in view of two Chinese New Year holidays and not on 8 February
2011 as the Defendant had thought. The difference of one day is immaterial for
present purposes. After 9 February 2011, the Defendant had seven days to make
its adjudication application, _ie_ , between 10 February to 16 February 2011.
Mr Chan submitted that the Defendant had to give its notice of intention to
apply for adjudication (“NIAA”) during this period and not before because the
Defendant was not entitled to seek adjudication until the period between 10
February to 16 February 2011.

92 Mr Chan accepted that the Defendant did give an NIAA to the Plaintiff twice
before 10 February 2011.

93 The first NIAA was in the text of Progress Claim No 8. It stated:

...

Kindly take note that you shall make payment response to us by 31 January 2011
in accordance with SOP Act and both parties shall manage to settle the
disputes within the next 7 days, that is, by 8 February 2011. We respectfully
believe that adjudication is a fair and reasonable process to deal with
payment disputes, kindly please also take this letter as our notice of
intention to apply for adjudication.

...

94 The second NIAA was on 1 February 2011 when the Defendant wrote to the
Plaintiff. The letter recorded that the Plaintiff had failed to make a payment
response and reminded the Plaintiff that the dispute settlement period ended
on 8 February 2011 (which should be 9 February 2011 as mentioned above at
[91]). In the letter, the Defendant notified the Plaintiff of its intention to
“proceed with adjudication on 9 February 2011 should the dispute be not
settled and payment be not made”. (see the AD at [24]).

95 Mr Chan further submitted at pp 22-23 of his written submissions dated 6
September 2012 as follows:

78\. While this result [of his contention] is admittedly drastic, we submit
that the Australian Courts have taken an equally strict position in applying
their equivalent Act. Under the [BCISOPA Amended 2002]:

(i) a respondent must provide a payment schedule (the equivalent of a payment
response) to the claimant either (1) within the time required by the contract;
or (2) within 10 business days after the payment claim is served, whichever is
earlier. (section14)

(ii) If it fails to do so, the claimant then has to notify the respondent of
its intention to apply for adjudication. (section 17(2)(a))

(iii) The respondent must then be given an opportunity to provide a payment
schedule within 5 business days after receiving the claimant’s notice.
(section 17(2)(b))

(iv) If the respondent still does not provide a payment schedule within the 5
day period, then an adjudication application must be made within the following
10 business days. (section 17(3)(e))

79\. In the case of _Taylor Projects Group Pty Ltd v Brick_ _Dept_ _Pty Ltd_
[2005] NSWSC 439 [(“ _Taylor_ ”)]..., the respondent had served its payment
schedule one day after the stipulated 10 day period, but before the claimant
notified the respondent of its intention to apply for adjudication. However,
after the claimant had notified the respondent accordingly, the respondent
failed to re-serve its payment schedule within the subsequent 5-day period.

[80]. The Court held that although the respondent had physically provided a
payment schedule, it was not done within the stipulated 10 day period.
Therefore, the “payment schedule” was not a proper payment schedule provided
in compliance with the NSW AOP Act. The same “payment schedule” could also not
be construed as being served during the subsequent 5 day period, as the
requisite notice had not yet been issued by the claimant. As such, the Court
held that the payment schedule was not valid.

96 Mr Chan relied on what Einstein J said at [49] and [51] in _Taylor:_

49 The point was made in Emag that the whole of the rationale underpinning the
procedures laid down by the Act is directed at providing a quick and efficient
set of procedures permitting recovery of progress payments and the quick
resolution of disputes in that regard; that the time limits under the Act are
strict and that the consequences of not complying with stipulated time limits
may be significant. In my view it is simply critical for a rigid approach to
be taken to compliance with the terms of the Act, particularly for the reason
that the legislation provides for a fast dual-track interim determination,
reserving the parties' final legal entitlements for subsequent determination.
The adjudicator is not shown to have erred in failing to consider the payment
schedule provided by Taylor on 20 January 2005.

50 **...**

51 Taylor’s submissions as to “technical infringement” and “time-frames and
requirements” set up by section 17(2)(b) are rejected. The Act requires to be
construed in the orthodox fashion – in accordance with the ordinary meaning of
the words used.

97 Mr Chan also relied on _Security of Payments and Construction_
_Adjudication_ by Chow Kok Fong, LexisNexis, 2005 Ed at pp 264-265 and a
flowchart in the Building and Construction Authority’s SOPA 2004 Information
Kit to support his contention that an NIAA can only be issued after the
claimant is entitled to apply for adjudication under s 12(2).

98 On the other hand, Mr Lam submitted that SOPA does not expressly state when
an NIAA is to be given. Furthermore, there was no prejudice to the Plaintiff
when the Defendant gave the NIAA before it was entitled to apply for
adjudication.

99 It seemed to me that SOPA envisages that the NIAA will be given after the
Defendant is entitled to apply for adjudication, _ie_ , after the expiry of
the dispute settlement period. The flowchart from the Information Kit which Mr
Chan relied on illustrates this point. The textbook by Chow Kok Fong at pp
264-265 also supports this view. However, neither the flowchart nor the
textbook goes so far as to say that an NIAA may only be issued after the
Defendant is entitled to apply for adjudication. For example, pp 264-265 of
Chow’s textbook merely states:

**Time of Service**

It is interesting that, under the Singapore BCISP Act, no minimum interval is
prescribed between the service of the notice on the respondent and the making
of the adjudication application by the claimant. It would appear, therefore,
that the claimant can make the application the moment the notice has been
served. In the case of a payment dispute arising from a construction contract,
the notice is likely to be served at the conclusion of the dispute settlement
period if no settlement is reached.

100 Furthermore, while it is true that there is an express deadline by which
the adjudication application must be made and consequently an NIAA must be
given before that deadline, there is no express stipulation that the NIAA may
only be issued after the right to apply for adjudication has arisen. The key
question was whether such a stipulation should be implied.

101 I did not think that _Taylor_ assisted the Plaintiff much because in that
case, the respondent had served its payment schedule late and then omitted to
serve it within an additional period. The facts were different from the
present case.

102 It seemed to me that there are enough timelines under SOPA for a claimant
to watch for. It is one thing to impose the severe consequence of invalidity
if he takes a step too late. It is another to impose the same severe
consequence if he takes a step too early. On the other hand, I was concerned
that if I rejected Mr Chan’s contention, a claimant may decide to give a
blanket NIAA right from the very start when he makes his first payment claim
so as to avoid having to give an NIAA each time for each progress claim. If a
claimant gives a blanket NIAA, a respondent may forget that the claimant
intends to proceed with an adjudication application in respect of subsequent
claims, in the absence of a favourable response from the respondent. However,
s 13(2) appears to address this concern because it requires the NIAA to
contain the prescribed particulars which must mean the particulars of a
particular claim.

103 It may of course be argued that a claimant who gives an NIAA even before
the commencement of the dispute settlement period evinces an intention not to
even try to settle any dispute which may arise from his payment claim. I would
not agree with such an argument. I do not think that the one necessarily leads
to the other.

104 I considered the following:

(a) the absence of any express prohibition against an early NIAA;

(b) the severe consequence which Mr Chan’s contention will attract;

(c) the absence of any prejudice to the Plaintiff; and

(d) the absence of any policy argument favouring Mr Chan’s contention. I was
of the view that I ought to reject Mr Chan’s contention. In the circumstances,
the Defendant’s NIAA was not invalid.

Summary

105 In the circumstances, I dismissed the Defendant’s appeal with costs which
I fixed. I would mention that because the Plaintiff did not raise his
objection to Progress Claim No 8 earlier, the AR took this into account when
she granted the Plaintiff costs of $200 only for the hearing below. Since the
Plaintiff had been penalised for its conduct, I awarded it costs of $7,500
plus reasonable disbursements for the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

