Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Mas Swan bin Adnan and another appeal  
[2012] SGCA 29

Case Number| :| Criminal Appeals Nos 7 and 8 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hay Hung Chun and Sharmila Sripathy-Shanaz (Attorney-
General's Chambers) for the appellant in Criminal Appeal No 7 of 2011 and the
respondent in Criminal Appeal No 8 of 2011; N Kanagavijayan (Kana & Co) and
Ranadhir Gupta (A Zamzam & Co) for the respondent in Criminal Appeal No 7 of
2011; Mohamed Muzammil bin Mohamed (Muzammil & Company) and Gloria James
(Civetta & Co) for the appellant in Criminal Appeal No 8 of 2011.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Mas Swan bin Adnan  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 107.]

14 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These appeals arise out of the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _Public Prosecutor v Mas Swan bin Adnan and another_ [2011] SGHC
107 (“the Judgment”), which involved a joint trial of two persons, Mas Swan
bin Adnan (“Mas Swan”) and Roshamima binti Roslan (“Roshamima”), who were
jointly charged with the following charge (“the joint charge”):[note: 1]

… that you on the 6 May 2009, at or about 9.56 p.m. in a Malaysian registered
motor car bearing registration number JHA 7781, at Woodlands Immigration
Checkpoint, Singapore together with [Roshamima in the Prosecution’s case
against Mas Swan and Mas Swan in the Prosecution’s case against Roshamima], in
furtherance of the common intention of you both, did import into Singapore a
controlled drug specified in Class A of the First Schedule to the Misuse of
Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, **one hundred and twenty-three (123) packets
of substances containing not less than 21.48 grams of diamorphine** , without
any authorization under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and
you have thereby committed an offence under Section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Chapter 185) read with Section 34 of the Penal Code (Chapter 224) and
punishable under Section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act. [emphasis in bold in
original]

2 The Judge acquitted Mas Swan of the joint charge and convicted Roshamima of
the following amended charge (“the amended charge”):

… that you, on 6 May 2009, at or about 9.56 p.m. in a Malaysian registered
motor car bearing registration number JHA 7781, at Woodlands Checkpoint,
Singapore, did import into Singapore a controlled drug specified in Class A of
the First Schedule of the [Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
MDA”)], Chapter 185, to wit, one hundred and twenty-three (123) packets of
substances containing not less than 21.48 grams of diamorphine, without any
authorization under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 7 of the [MDA] and punishable
under section 33 of the [MDA].

The amendment was to remove the reference in the joint charge to Mas Swan in
the light of his acquittal of that charge.

3 Criminal Appeal No 7 of 2011 (“CCA 7/2011”) is the Prosecution’s limited
appeal against the Judge’s acquittal of Mas Swan.[note: 2] The Prosecution
seeks to have Mas Swan convicted of an amended charge of _attempting to_
import an unspecified quantity of a controlled drug commonly known as
“ecstasy”.[note: 3] Criminal Appeal No 8 of 2011 (“CCA 8/2011”) is Roshamima’s
appeal against her conviction on the amended charge.

Background

4 As the background facts of these appeals have been set out in considerable
detail in the Judgment (at [4]–[31]), we will only highlight the salient facts
germane to the present appeals.

The relationship between Mas Swan and Roshamima

5 Mas Swan and Roshamima are both Malaysians. Mas Swan was 27 years old at the
time of his arrest. He was unemployed. Roshamima was 24 years old at the time
of her arrest. She was working as a recovery officer for a bank in Malaysia.

6 Mas Swan and Roshamima were due to be engaged on 6 June 2009 and to get
married the following day. They were living together in Johor Bahru before
their arrest.[note: 4]

Background to the arrests

7 At about 9.56pm on 6 May 2009, Mas Swan and Roshamima arrived at Woodlands
Checkpoint from Malaysia in a vehicle bearing the registration number JHA 7781
(“JHA 7781”). The Judge made no finding on who drove the car. As Mas Swan’s
passport was blacklisted, JHA 7781 was searched. Although a manual search did
not discover anything incriminating, an X-ray backscatter scan detected three
dark spots in the front left door panel of JHA 7781. However, dogs from the
Police K-9 unit were not able to detect the presence of any controlled drugs.

8 A more thorough inspection was then carried out, resulting in the discovery
of two green bundles and one black bundle (wrapped in tape of the respective
colours) (“the three bundles”) hidden inside the front left door panel of JHA
7781. One of the green bundles was cut open and was found to contain brown
granular substance. Mas Swan and Roshamima were accordingly placed under
arrest.

Mas Swan’s defence

9 Mas Swan’s defence was that he knew that the three bundles in JHA 7781
contained controlled drugs. He claimed that he was delivering those drugs on
behalf of one “Mickey”, who (according to Mas Swan) was a friend of one
“Murie”, who, in turn, was a friend of Roshamima. Mas Swan further admitted
that he had made a total of four successful drug deliveries for Mickey before
his arrest on 6 May 2009. Mas Swan claimed that he believed that the three
bundles in JHA 7781 contained ecstasy pills and not diamorphine because
Roshamima had told him that those bundles contained the former.

Roshamima’s defence

10 Roshamima’s defence was that she did not know that the three bundles were
concealed in the front left door panel of JHA 7781 when she entered Singapore
with Mas Swan on 6 May 2009. She claimed that the purpose of her entry into
Singapore on 6 May 2009 was not to deliver controlled drugs, but to obtain
items for the planned engagement and wedding of Mas Swan and herself.

The decision below

11 The Judge acquitted Mas Swan of the charge of importing diamorphine (_viz_
, the joint charge mentioned at [1] above) as he was satisfied that Mas Swan
had rebutted the presumption under s 18(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap
185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the MDA”) that he knew that the three bundles contained
diamorphine. He gave the following reasons for his finding:

(a) Mas Swan’s consistent evidence in both his statements and his oral
testimony in court was that he believed that the three bundles that he was
delivering for Mickey contained ecstasy pills.

(b) The Judge preferred Mas Swan’s evidence to Roshamima’s evidence because
his evidence was more consistent than hers and was also self-incriminating.

(c) It was Roshamima who had inducted Mas Swan into the drug delivery racket.
She had been delivering bundles before Mas Swan. Mas Swan was therefore aware
that Roshamima had knowledge of the drug deliveries.

(d) Mas Swan’s role in and knowledge of the drug deliveries was limited. The
Judge observed that Mas Swan was “mild-mannered and somewhat timid”, whereas
Roshamima had “an assertive and dominant personality”. Mas Swan’s role was
simply to accompany Roshamima. The Judge also noted that when Mas Swan and
Roshamima were detained at Woodlands Checkpoint, all calls from Murie and
Mickey were made to Roshamima’s mobile phone, indicating that Mas Swan’s role
and knowledge was limited. On every occasion involving the delivery of
bundles, it was usually Roshamima who would inform Mas Swan of the
availability of a “ _segmen_ ”, _ie_ , the availability of ecstasy pills for
delivery to Singapore.

(e) Mas Swan had no reason to disbelieve Roshamima’s information that the
three bundles contained ecstasy pills. He was to be engaged to marry
Roshamima, and would have had no reason to disbelieve what she told him.

(f) The Prosecution did not challenge the veracity of Mas Swan’s statements or
his oral evidence that he believed that the three bundles contained ecstasy
pills. In fact, it appeared from the Prosecution’s questions during cross-
examination that the Prosecution accepted Mas Swan’s testimony that he
believed that the three bundles contained ecstasy. From the manner in which
the Prosecution conducted its case, it appeared to the Judge that the
Prosecution was not challenging Mas Swan’s belief, but rather, was attempting
to persuade the court that the presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA (“the s
18(2) presumption”) was not rebutted because Mas Swan was wilfully blind to
the nature of the controlled drugs in the three bundles.

(g) Mas Swan was not wilfully blind to the nature of the controlled drugs in
the three bundles. Although Mas Swan had testified that the nature of the
controlled drugs did not matter to him, he had consistently maintained that he
honestly believed that the three bundles contained ecstasy pills. The fact
that Mas Swan had opportunities to inspect the three bundles was not
sufficient to prove wilful blindness.

12 In contrast, the Judge found on the evidence that Roshamima knew that the
three bundles were hidden in the front left door panel of JHA 7781 and
contained controlled drugs. He gave the following reasons for this finding:

(a) Mas Swan’s evidence, which the Judge believed in preference to Roshamima’s
evidence, was that Roshamima and Mas Swan were delivering controlled drugs.

(b) Roshamima’s evidence on the purpose of her visit to Singapore was
fabricated to conceal the fact that the true purpose of the visit was to
deliver controlled drugs to Singapore.

(c) Although the Judge considered that it was not strictly necessary to rely
on Mas Swan’s and Roshamima’s evidence of prior deliveries, he found that the
“highly similar circumstances” of the prior deliveries showed that it was
“very likely” that Roshamima was aware that they were delivering controlled
drugs on 6 May 2009.

13 This finding triggered the operation of the s 18(2) presumption that
Roshamima knew the nature of the controlled drugs in the three bundles. The
Judge then found that Roshamima had failed to discharge this presumption as
she had relied on an “all or nothing” defence and had not led any evidence to
show that she was not aware of the true nature of the controlled drugs in the
three bundles. Her “all or nothing” defence had been pitched at the threshold
level that she did not know that the three bundles were concealed in the front
left door panel of JHA 7781.

The appeals

CCA 7/2011

14 In CCA 7/2011, the Prosecution argues that on the evidence, this court is
justified in exercising, and should exercise, its power under s 163(1) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) read with s 54(2) of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) to convict Mas Swan of the
following altered charge:[note: 5]

You, [Mas Swan], on the 6th day of May 2009, at or about 9.56 p.m. in a
Malaysian registered motor car JHA 7781, at Woodlands Checkpoint Singapore,
**did attempt to import into Singapore, N, a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylenedioxy)
phenethylamine (“ecstasy”) which is a Class A controlled drug, and which is
specified in the First Schedule to the [MDA]** , to wit, by bringing into
Singapore in the said JHA 7781, one hundred and twenty-three (123) packets of
substances containing not less than 21.48 grams of diamorphine, **which you
believed to be ecstasy** , without any authorisation under the [MDA] or the
regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
Section 7 read with Section 12, and punishable under Section 33 of the [MDA].
[emphasis in bold in original]

15 The Prosecution argues that since Mas Swan believed that he was importing
ecstasy into Singapore when he brought the three bundles to Singapore, even
though he was attempting to do an act that was factually impossible at that
time (in so far as the three bundles contained diamorphine and not ecstasy),
this was sufficient to constitute the offence of attempting to import ecstasy
under s 7 read with s 12 of the MDA. In response, Mas Swan contends that since
the Prosecution did not submit at the trial that the joint charge should be
amended in so far as it related to him, the Prosecution should not be allowed
a “second bite at the cherry” in this appeal (_viz_ , CCA 7/2011).[note: 6] He
also argues that during cross-examination, he had replied that he did not know
that it was illegal to import controlled drugs such as ecstasy into
Singapore.[note: 7]

CCA 8/2011

16 In CCA 8/2011, Roshamima challenges the Judge’s finding that she knew that
controlled drugs were hidden in the front left door panel of JHA 7781. She
repeats her version of the material events[note: 8] and argues that the Judge
erred in failing to accept her evidence as to the purpose of her visit to
Singapore on 6 May 2009.[note: 9] She also argues that the Judge erred in
admitting Mas Swan’s testimony about the prior drug deliveries as there were
material dissimilarities between those prior drug deliveries and the events of
6 May 2009.[note: 10]

Email from one “Noname Hawermann”

17 Prior to the hearing of this appeal, one “Noname Hawermann” sent the
following email on 7 November 2011 (“the Anonymous Email”) to some lawyers in
the firm of Patrick Tan LLC:[note: 11]

Dear Madam,

I have tried to approach the CNB [Central Narcotics Bureau] in Singapore at
[_sic_] a number of times – by email and by phone – but never managed to
follow through til [_sic_] the end of the line, mostly due to lack of bravery.

I have also been looking back on [t]he Singapore Law Watch [website] to find
back [_sic_] to the full sentence I read there earlier this summer, the Public
Prosecutor v Roshamima Roslan, citizen of Malaysia, who got a death sentence
on 30th April of this year for trafficking. Unfortunately that sentence is no
longer on the site, but replaced by others, and the lawyer’s name is nowhere
else to be found.

The matter: I may be considered partly responsible for the Malaysian woman’s
predicament. Part of the merchandise which her car was prepared with when
passing the Woodlands station was on my behalf, and it was placed there
without her knowledge. She may or may not have stated this during
interrogations. According to her sentence she did not mention this in court.

I wonder if it would be possible to make some kind of statement about this in
front of Singaporean legal authorities, or if I will thereby be accused of the
same crime and facing [_sic_] punishment.

I have earlier brought in illegal substances both through the Changi Airport
and Woodlands, but I have retired from that trade. I now wish to know whether
I am on some kind of record at the CNB or if I could freely travel to
Singapore again.

I am willing to face consequences for my actions in earlier years.

Best regards,

The Anonymous Email was forwarded to Roshamima’s counsel.

18 At the first hearing of CCA 8/2011, Roshamima’s counsel informed us that
Roshamima did not know of anyone by the name of “Noname Hawermann”.[note: 12]
Roshamima’s counsel took the position that the relevant authorities should
investigate the Anonymous Email.[note: 13] We indicated to Roshamima’s counsel
that he also owed a duty to his client to undertake his own inquiries in
connection with the Anonymous Email.[note: 14] We accordingly adjourned the
hearing of the appeal for both the Prosecution and Roshamima’s counsel to file
affidavits detailing the steps taken in relation to the Anonymous Email.[note:
15]

19 Both the investigating officer in charge of Roshamima’s case (“the IO”) and
Roshamima’s counsel subsequently filed affidavits detailing the steps that
they took in response to the aforesaid email.

20 The IO deposed that he took the following steps:

(a) On 24 November 2011, the IO sent an email to the email address of “Noname
Hawermann”. In that email, the IO stated that he was the Central Narcotics
Bureau (“CNB”) officer in charge of Roshamima’s case. The IO requested “Noname
Hawermann” to go to the CNB headquarters to provide a statement.[note: 16]

(b) On the same day, “Noname Hawermann” wrote to the IO to seek clarification
on the possible consequences if he or she went to Singapore. “Noname
Hawermann” also expressed shock at receiving an email from the IO instead of
the law firm to whom he or she had sent the Anonymous Email. “Noname
Hawermann” suggested that the email was protected by solicitor-client
privilege.[note: 17]

(c) On the same day, “Noname Hawermann” sent another email essentially
repeating his or her request for clarification.[note: 18]

(d) As the IO was on leave from 26 November 2011 to 29 November 2011, his
colleague was instructed to respond on his behalf to the second email from
“Noname Hawermann”. In his response on 29 November 2011, the IO’s colleague
invited “Noname Hawermann” to go to the CNB headquarters to volunteer a
statement. The email also stated that the CNB was not able to provide blanket
immunity from prosecution or advise on any consequences if “Noname Hawermann”
were indeed to volunteer a statement.[note: 19]

(e) On 28 November 2011, “Noname Hawermann” sent an email posing more queries
on the consequences of his or her volunteering a statement.[note: 20]

(f) On 1 December 2011, the IO received an email from his colleague enclosing
an email reply from “Noname Hawermann” in response to the email sent earlier
by the colleague on 29 November 2011 (see sub-para (d) above).[note: 21]

The IO stated that there were no further investigations on “Noname Hawermann”
or further email correspondence with him or her via email after 1 December
2011. The IO also deposed that his “preliminary checks” with the Technology
Crime Investigation Branch of the Criminal Investigation Department had
tracked the Internet Protocol address of the emails from “Noname Hawermann” to
Sweden.[note: 22]

21 Roshamima’s counsel filed an affidavit exhibiting various email exchanges
with “Noname Hawermann”. As with the responses given to the CNB, “Noname
Hawermann” focused his or her replies to Roshamima’s counsel on the potential
consequences for him or her if he or she were to volunteer a statement to the
CNB and on the need for him or her to get impartial advice. Roshamima’s
counsel confirmed that as at the date of his affidavit, there was no response
from “Noname Hawermann” after his final email to him or her on 6 December
2011.

The issues

22 The issues arising in CCA 7/2011 are as follows:

(a) Should Mas Swan be convicted of an amended charge of attempted importation
of ecstasy?

(b) If so, what sentence should Mas Swan receive?

23 As for CCA 8/2011, the sole issue raised by counsel for Roshamima is
whether the Judge erred in fact in finding that Roshamima knew of the presence
of the three bundles containing controlled drugs in JHA 7781. At the trial,
counsel agreed with the Judge’s reasoning that if Roshamima were found to have
knowledge of the controlled drugs hidden in JHA 7781, she would not have
rebutted the s 18(2) presumption that she knew the nature of those controlled
drugs (_ie_ , that they were diamorphine) since she had adopted an “all or
nothing” defence. Nevertheless, at the hearing before us, we questioned the
Judge’s omission to consider the possibility that Roshamima might also have
believed that the three bundles contained ecstasy – since this was what she
had told Mas Swan. Accordingly, a secondary issue arises in this appeal as to
whether, in the circumstances of this case, the Judge should have given
consideration to this alternative defence (“the Alternative Defence”), namely,
that Roshamima likewise believed that the controlled drugs contained in the
three bundles were ecstasy and thus did not know that those drugs were
actually diamorphine instead. Although Roshamima’s counsel referred to the
Alternative Defence in answering the Judge’s questions, he failed to advance
it in a more dogged manner. Counsel appeared to have retreated from pursuing
this defence after persistent questioning by the Judge regarding the logic of
his position in the light of Roshamima’s “all or nothing” defence.

Our decision

CCA 7/2011

Whether Mas Swan should be convicted of attempted importation of ecstasy

(1) The law on attempts to commit offences under the MDA

24 In _Khor Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 3 SLR 201 (“ _Khor Soon Lee_
”), this court convicted the appellant of an amended charge of attempting to
import Class A controlled drugs (other than diamorphine) in contravention of s
7 read with s 12 of the MDA after acquitting him of a capital charge of
importing not less than 27.86g of diamorphine (see the Editorial Note to _Khor
Soon Lee_). The Prosecution initially relied only on _Khor Soon Lee_ in
support of its submission that Mas Swan should be convicted of a similar
amended charge.[note: 23] At the first hearing of this appeal, we asked the
Prosecution to address us on the issue from first principles as this court in
_Khor Soon Lee_ did not issue written grounds for its decision to convict the
appellant in that case of attempted importation (_Khor Soon Lee_ dealt only
with this court’s reasons for acquitting the appellant of the capital charge
of importing diamorphine).

(A) Section 12 of the MDA

25 Section 12 of the MDA criminalises, _inter alia_ , attempts to commit
offences under the MDA:

**Abetments and attempts punishable as offences**

**12**. Any person who abets the commission of or who attempts to commit or
does any act preparatory to, or in furtherance of, the commission of any
offence under this Act shall be guilty of that offence and shall be liable on
conviction to the punishment provided for that offence.

26 A brief history of the provision is apposite. Section 12 has been present
in the MDA since the enactment in 1973 of one of its predecessor Acts, namely,
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Act 5 of 1973) (“the 1973 Act”). The Explanatory
Statement accompanying the Bill which introduced the 1973 Act (_viz_ , the
Misuse of Drugs Bill (Bill 46 of 1972) (“the 1972 Bill”)) and the
Parliamentary debates at the second reading of the 1972 Bill do not shed light
on the origins of s 12 of the MDA and the intention underlying the provision.
A provision similar to s 12 of the MDA may, however, be found in s 33 of the
Dangerous Drugs Ordinance (Ordinance 7 of 1951) (“the 1951 Ordinance”).
Section 33 of the 1951 Ordinance was later replaced by s 35 of the Dangerous
Drugs Act (Cap 151, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the DDA”). In this regard, it should be
noted that the 1973 Act was a consolidation of the DDA and the Drugs
(Prevention of Misuse) Act (Cap 154, 1970 Rev Ed) (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (16 February 1973) vol 32 at col
414 _per_ Mr Chua Sian Chin, Acting Minister for Health and Home Affairs).
Section 35 of the DDA, which is identical to s 12 of the MDA apart from some
minor drafting changes, reads as follows:

**Abetments and attempts punishable as offences**

**35**. Any person who abets the commission of or who attempts to commit or
does any act preparatory to or in furtherance of the commission of any offence
under this Act shall be guilty of such offence and liable to the punishment
provided for such offence.

27 Although the proceedings at the second and third readings of the Bill which
introduced the 1951 Ordinance (_ie_ , the Dangerous Drugs Bill 1950 (“the 1950
Bill”) (published in GN No S505/1950)) are not useful in determining the
origins of s 33 of that Ordinance and, in turn, the origins of s 35 of the
DDA, the Statement of Objects and Reasons accompanying the 1950 Bill is
helpful. It states, _inter alia_ , that the 1950 Bill would not alter the
existing law (_ie_ , the Deleterious Drugs Ordinance (Ordinance 7 of 1927)
(“the DDO”) and the Opium and Chandu Proclamation (BMA Proclamation No 43,
1948) (“the 1948 Proclamation”)), and that the clauses that were new were
“mainly concerned with administrative detail”. Significantly, the clause which
introduced s 33 of the 1951 Ordinance (_ie_ , the predecessor of s 35 of the
DDA, which is, in turn, the predecessor of s 12 of the MDA) was a _new
provision_ (see the Comparative Table attached to the Statement of Objects and
Reasons accompanying the 1950 Bill).

28 Although the 1950 Bill describes s 33 of the 1951 Ordinance as a new
provision, an equivalent provision can be found in the 1948 Proclamation as
follows:

**Attempts and abetment.**

**15**. Whoever attempts to commit any offence punishable under this
Proclamation or abets the commission of such offence shall be liable to the
punishment provided for such offence.

Section 13 of the DDO also made it an offence “to take any steps preparatory
to importing” deleterious drugs, although no mention was made of attempts to
import such drugs. This particular provision was introduced in 1927,
apparently to enact the provisions of the International Opium Convention 1925
in so far as they were applicable to the law in the Straits Settlements
relating to deleterious drugs (see the Statement of Objects and Reasons
accompanying the Deleterious Drugs Bill 1927, which was the Bill that
introduced s 13 of the DDO).

(B) Case law on s 12 of the MDA

29 None of the local cases concerning the offence under s 12 of the MDA of
attempting to commit offences under the MDA has expounded on the elements of
that offence of attempt: see _Public Prosecutor v Goh Ah Lim_ [1989] 2 SLR(R)
217 (attempt to export diamorphine; the accused was arrested at Changi Airport
while waiting to board a flight for Australia), _Public Prosecutor v Ho So
Mui_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 57 (attempt to export diamorphine in furtherance of a
common intention with another; the accused was arrested in the aircraft),
_Goh_ _Joon Tong and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 90 (abetting
an attempt to export diamorphine) and _Public Prosecutor v Bryan Yeo Sin Rong
and others_ [1998] SGHC 266 (attempt to export controlled drugs; the accused
was arrested at the boarding gate at Changi Airport).

(C) The elements of the general offence of attempt under s 511 of the Penal
Code

30 In contrast, the concept of an attempt to commit an offence has been
discussed by our courts in relation to s 511 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”), which provides as follow:

**Punishment for attempting to commit offences**

**511.** —(1) Subject to subsection (2), whoever attempts to commit an offence
punishable by this Code or by any other written law with imprisonment or fine
or with a combination of such punishments, or attempts to cause such an
offence to be committed, and in such attempt does any act towards the
commission of the offence, shall, where no express provision is made by this
Code or by such other written law, as the case may be, for the punishment of
such attempt, be punished with such punishment as is provided for the offence.

(2) The longest term of imprisonment that may be imposed under subsection (1)
shall not exceed —

(_a_) 15 years where such attempt is in relation to an offence punishable with
imprisonment for life; or

(_b_) one-half of the longest term provided for the offence in any other case.

**_Illustrations_**

(_a_) _A_ makes an attempt to steal some jewels by breaking open a box, and
finds after so opening the box that there is no jewel in it. He has done an
act towards the commission of theft, and therefore is guilty under this
section.

(_b_) _A_ makes an attempt to pick the pocket of _Z_ by thrusting his hand
into _Z_ ’s pocket. _A_ fails in the attempt in consequence of _Z_ ’s having
nothing in his pocket. _A_ is guilty under this section.

31 Section 511 of the Penal Code, like s 12 of the MDA, does not specify the
test for determining whether the elements of the general offence of attempt
have been made out. There is, however, case law considering the elements of
this offence.

(I) The mens rea

32 The High Court in _Chua Kian Kok v Public Prosecutor_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 826
(“ _Chua Kian Kok_ ”) held that the _mens_ _rea_ for the general offence of
attempt under the then equivalent of s 511 of the Penal Code (_viz_ , s 511 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)) was the intention to commit the primary
offence (see _Chua Kian Kok_ at [27]–[28]). The High Court refused to follow
English Court of Appeal decisions which held that the _mens_ _rea_ for the
general offence of attempt was the same as the _mens_ _rea_ for the primary
offence. The High Court gave two reasons for its decision (see _Chua Kian Kok_
at [27]–[28]). First, it took the view that an attempted offence resulted in a
lower degree of public harm than a completed offence and, thus, the mental
element for the attempted offence should be more stringent (see _Chua Kian
Kok_ at [30]–[31]). Second, the High Court was not convinced by the reasoning
in the English Court of Appeal decisions because the corresponding English
provision (_viz_ , s 1(1) of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 (c 47) (UK) (“the
UK Criminal Attempts Act 1981”)) seemed to provide that the mental element for
the general offence of attempt was, instead, an intent to commit the primary
offence (see _Chua Kian Kok_ at [32]).

33 We agree that the _mens_ _rea_ for the general offence of attempt under s
511 of the Penal Code is the intention to commit the primary offence. As was
held in _Chua Kian Kok_ , it would not be appropriate to hold that the _mens_
_rea_ of the primary offence is the required mental element. A more stringent
requirement should be imposed for inchoate offences. It should be noted that
the Indian courts also take the view that the mental element for the general
offence of attempt is the intention to commit the primary offence (see
_Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s __The Indian Penal Code_ (LexisNexis Butterworths
Wadhwa Nagpur, 33rd Ed, 2010) at pp 1076 and 1079).

(II) The actus reus

34 The High Court in _Chua Kian Kok_ took the view that the _actus_ _reus_ for
the general offence of attempt was that the accused must have “embarked on the
crime proper” (see _Chua Kian Kok_ at [36]). The High Court preferred this
rather vague formulation because it did not think it was desirable to provide
a precise definition. The court felt that the precise point at which an act
became an attempt was ultimately a question of fact (see _Chua Kian Kok_ at
[36]).

35 The authors of a local textbook on criminal law have explained that a
number of other approaches may be taken (see Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan & Chan
Wing Cheong, _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed,
2012) (“ _Yeo_ ”) at paras 36.14–36.24). The authors explain that it is clear
that merely preparatory acts should not be sufficient (see _Yeo_ at para
36.16). Beyond merely preparatory acts, various tests are possible:

(a) One possibility is that only “acts immediately connected” with the
commission of the primary offence constitute attempts (see _Yeo_ at para 36.17
citing _R v Eagleton_ (1855) Dears 376; 169 ER 766).

(b) Another possibility is the “last act test”. This test provides that the
accused must have done all that he believes to be necessary for the commission
of the primary offence (see _Yeo_ at para 36.19).

(c) Yet another test is that the accused’s conduct must have been such as to
“clearly and unequivocally indicate in itself the intention to commit the
offence” (see _Yeo_ at para 36.20).

(d) A fourth possibility is the “substantial step” test, which requires the
accused to have “progressed a substantial way towards the completion of the
offence” (see _Yeo_ at para 36.21). Interestingly, the authors point out that
this test is embodied in the attempt provisions in two local statutes (see
_Yeo_ at para 36.21, referring to s 54(1) of the Civil Defence Act (Cap 42,
2001 Rev Ed) and s 38(1) of the Police Force Act (Cap 235, 2006 Rev Ed)). The
authors prefer this fourth possibility (see _Yeo_ at para 36.24).

36 For the purposes of CCA 7/2011, it is not necessary for us to reach a
conclusive view on the appropriate test to be adopted in the Singapore
context. This is because on any view, Mas Swan had done everything he possibly
could to commit the primary offence of importing ecstasy. He had actually
brought controlled drugs physically into Singapore. The only reason why he
could not complete committing the aforesaid primary offence was that he was
factually mistaken as to the nature of the controlled drugs in the three
bundles – he thought those controlled drugs were ecstasy when they were
actually diamorphine.

(D) Is it appropriate to apply the elements of the general offence of attempt
to s 12 of the MDA?

37 In our view, the elements of the general offence of attempt under s 511 of
the Penal Code should be adopted in the context of s 12 of the MDA for two
reasons. First, there is nothing in the words of s 12 of the MDA which
suggests that a different approach should be taken. Both provisions do not
define what is meant by “attempts”. Second, there is nothing in the origins of
s 12 of the MDA which suggests that the provision should be interpreted in a
different manner from s 511 of the Penal Code.

(E) Does s 12 of the MDA contemplate impossible attempts?

38 It is clear that some types of impossible attempts are punishable under s
511 of the Penal Code. The High Court in _Chua Kian Kok_ explained that there
are four kinds of impossibility _vis-à-vis_ impossible attempts (see _Chua
Kian Kok_ at [43]–[44]): (a) physical impossibility; (b) impossibility by
reason of the non-criminality of the attempted primary “offence”; (c) legal
impossibility (_eg_ , a person taking his own umbrella with an intent to steal
it); and (d) impossibility by reason of the accused’s ineptitude (_eg_ ,
attempting to break into a safe with a tool that is not suitable for breaking
into the safe).

39 Only the first category (physical impossibility) is relevant in the present
appeal. Mas Swan intended to import controlled drugs of a kind different from
the kind he was actually carrying. The Prosecution has suggested that the
present appeal also involves legal impossibility because Mas Swan was mistaken
as to the legal status of the object that he possessed.[note: 24] We disagree.
Mas Swan was not mistaken as to the _legal_ status of the object that he
possessed. The object that he intended to possess and the object that he
actually possessed were both controlled drugs. He was, instead, mistaken as to
the physical quality of the object.

40 According to the High Court, attempting the physically impossible is an
offence under s 511 of the Penal Code (see _Chua Kian Kok_ at [43]). This is
because it is clear from Illustration (_b_) to s 511 of the Penal Code (see
[30] above) that the provision is intended to cover physically impossible
attempts (see _Chua Kian Kok_ at [43]).

41 In our view, a similar view should be taken _vis-à-vis_ s 12 of the MDA.
Factually impossible attempts to commit offences were crimes under English law
until the decision of the House of Lords in _Haughton v Smith_ [1975] AC 476
(“ _Haughton_ ”) (see the United Kingdom Law Commission, _Criminal Law:
Attempt and Impossibility in relation to Attempt, Conspiracy and Incitement_
(Law Com No 102, 1980) (“the _1980 Report_ ”) at para 2.58). In _Haughton_ ,
the House of Lords held (at 497, 500, 502 and 506) that a person who
dishonestly handled goods believing them to be stolen (but which were not
stolen because they had been returned to lawful custody due to police
interception) was not guilty of attempting to handle stolen goods. _Haughton_
has been criticised (see, for example, H L A Hart, “The House of Lords on
Attempting the Impossible” (1981) OJLS 149 (“ _Hart_ ”), especially at pp
165–166, and the _1980 Report_ at paras 2.95–2.97). From the perspective of
the rationale for punishing attempts (_viz_ , deterrence and retribution), a
person who sets out to commit an offence and does everything possible to
commit the offence, but who is (perhaps fortuitously) prevented from
committing the offence due to some external circumstance is as culpable as a
person who is interrupted from completing the offence (see _Hart_ at p 165 and
the _1980 Report_ at para 2.96). _Haughton_ has since been legislatively
overruled (see s 1(2) of the UK Criminal Attempts Act 1981). The current
position in England is that factually impossible attempts are offences (see
_Regina v Shivpuri_ [1987] 1 AC 1). In our view, when Parliament enacted s 12
of the MDA, it must be presumed, in the absence of contrary indication, to
have intended to follow the existing common law position on factually
impossible attempts. There is nothing in the text or the origins of s 12 of
the MDA which suggests that a different approach should be taken in
interpreting s 12 (see [25]–[29] above).

42 We also note that _Chua Kian Kok_ was applied by the court of three judges
in _Law Society of Singapore v Bay Puay_ _Joo_ _Lilian_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 316 (“
_Bay Puay_ _Joo_ _Lilian_ ”). _Bay Puay_ _Joo_ _Lilian_ was part of a line of
disciplinary cases involving the entrapment of solicitors involved in touting
for conveyancing work. Counsel for the respondent solicitor in that case
sought to argue that due cause could not be shown under s 83(2)(_e_) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) for attempting to procure
employment if the employment attempted to be procured was fictitious (see _Bay
Puay_ _Joo_ _Lilian_ at [43]). The court of three judges rejected this
argument by referring to s 511 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) and
_Chua Kian Kok_ (see _Bay Puay_ _Joo_ _Lilian_ at [44]).

(2) Application to the facts

43 Mas Swan’s own evidence is that he thought he and Roshamima were
transporting ecstasy because Roshamima had told him so.[note: 25] The Judge
accepted Mas Swan’s testimony that he believed Roshamima’s information that
the three bundles contained ecstasy pills (see the Judgment at sub-para (a) of
[87]). Hence, the _mens_ _rea_ for the offence of attempt under s 12 of the
MDA is made out: Mas Swan intended to commit the primary offence of importing
ecstasy.

44 The _actus_ _reus_ of the offence of attempt under s 12 of the MDA is also
made out on any view of the test for such _actus_ _reus_. Mas Swan had done
everything possible to complete the offence of importing ecstasy; the only
circumstance that prevented him from actually importing ecstasy was that the
three bundles did not in fact contain ecstasy.

45 We accordingly hold that on these facts, Mas Swan has committed the offence
of attempting to import ecstasy into Singapore under s 7 read with s 12 of the
MDA and convict him of the amended charge proposed by the Prosecution (see
[14] above).

The appropriate sentence to impose on Mas Swan

46 In its written submissions, the Prosecution submitted that Mas Swan should
be sentenced to 18 years’ imprisonment and should receive eight strokes of the
cane.[note: 26] This was the sentence imposed by this court on the appellant
in _Khor Soon Lee_ (see the Editorial Note to _Khor Soon Lee_). The
Prosecution, however, subsequently revised its stance on sentencing in its
oral submissions before this court (see [51] below).

47 When questioned on the considerations for sentencing in cases of attempted
importation of ecstasy where the substance actually imported was not ecstasy,
the Prosecution submitted that it was relevant to consider the number of
ecstasy pills that _would have been imported_ if a consignment of the weight
of the substance _actually imported_ had indeed contained ecstasy.[note: 27]
In the present appeal, the three bundles had a gross weight of approximately
1.3kg (the exact weight was 1,352.7g).[note: 28] The Prosecution informed the
court that according to the Health Sciences Authority (“the HSA”), a
consignment of 1.3kg of ecstasy would typically contain between 3,800 and
4,500 pills.[note: 29]

48 In response to our request for sentencing precedents, the Prosecution
provided us with precedents relating to the importation (as opposed to the
_attempted_ importation) of, _inter alia_ , ecstasy. In its written
submissions on these sentencing precedents, the Prosecution revised its
estimate of the number of ecstasy pills that would have been present in a
consignment having the weight of the three bundles, and indicated that the
three bundles “could have yielded between 4,509 and 3,382 ‘ecstasy’ tablets on
the assumption that each tablet weighs [between] 0.3 grams and 0.4 grams
respectively”.[note: 30]

(1) The Prosecution’s sentencing precedents

49 The Prosecution’s sentencing precedents consist of _Khor Soon Lee_ and
several unreported District Court decisions on sentencing for the offence of
importing either ecstasy or “Yaba” (Yaba is the street name of a
methamphetamine-based drug).[note: 31] These cases are, in brief, as
follows:[note: 32]

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Chew Wee Kiat_ District Arrest Case No 2443 of 2001
and Magistrate’s Appeal No 175 of 2001 (“ _Chew Wee Kiat_ ”): The accused was
arrested at Woodlands Checkpoint with 1,399 ecstasy tablets. The net weight of
N, a-dimethyl-3,4-(methylenedioxy) phenethylamine (“MDMA”) in the consignment
was 194.63g. The accused was convicted after a trial and was sentenced to ten
years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. He was a first offender.
The accused filed a notice of appeal, but subsequently withdrew it.

(b) _Public Prosecutor v Teo Leong_ _Huat_ District Arrest Case No 35110 of
2001 (“ _Teo Leong_ _Huat_ ”): The accused arrived in Singapore on a flight
from Brussels. Officers from the CNB kept him under surveillance and
subsequently arrested him. A black bag was recovered from him. The bag
contained 15,070 ecstasy tablets, which, upon analysis, were found to contain
2,129.2g of MDMA. The accused pleaded guilty to a charge of importing the
ecstasy tablets and was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment and ten strokes
of the cane for that charge.

(c) _Public Prosecutor v Robin Unggul_ _Suryono_ District Arrest Case No 3409
of 2011 (“ _Robin Unggul_ _Suryono_ ”): The accused was arrested at Woodlands
Checkpoint with 3,061 ecstasy tablets and two small sachets of powder in his
possession. The tablets and the sachets were analysed and were found to
contain 190.45g of MDMA. The accused claimed that he was bringing the drugs
from Malaysia through Singapore en route to Indonesia, and that the proceeds
from his drug activities would go towards helping the poor in Indonesia. He
pleaded guilty and was sentenced to seven years’ imprisonment and six strokes
of the cane.

(d) _Khor Soon Lee_ : On appeal to this court, the appellant in this case was
acquitted of the capital charge of importing not less than 27.86g of
diamorphine and convicted of an amended charge of attempting to import Class A
controlled drugs other than diamorphine (see [24] above). A review of the
facts set out in _Khor Soon Lee_ (which, as mentioned earlier, dealt only with
this court’s reasons for acquitting the appellant of the capital charge of
importing diamorphine) suggests that the particular controlled drugs that the
appellant thought he was importing were ketamine, ecstasy, “Ice” (_ie_ ,
methamphetamine) and “Erimin” (_ie_ , nimetazepam, a Class C controlled drug)
(see _Khor Soon Lee_ at sub-para (a) of [21] for the court’s definition of the
term “Controlled Drugs”). The appellant was sentenced to 18 years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for the offence of attempted
importation. No written grounds were issued by the court _vis-à-vis_ its
decision to convict the appellant of that offence and to impose the aforesaid
sentence on him.

(e) _Public Prosecutor v Somsak_ _Srihanon_ District Arrest Case No 27723 of
2000: The accused arrived by plane from Bangkok, Thailand and was arrested
“pursuant to intelligence”[note: 33] with 3,835 Yaba tablets in his
possession. The tablets were found to contain 53.79g of methamphetamine. He
was sentenced to nine years’ imprisonment and nine strokes of the cane after
he pleaded guilty.

(f) _Public Prosecutor v Thuma London_ District Arrest Case No 50012 of 2001:
The accused arrived by plane from Bangkok. He was arrested after a routine
check at the exit channel led to the discovery of 4,030 Yaba tablets in his
luggage. The tablets were found to contain 66.04g of methamphetamine. The
accused was sentenced to seven and a half years’ imprisonment and ten strokes
of the cane after he pleaded guilty.

(g) _Public Prosecutor v Ketmala_ _Phumin_ District Arrest Case No 22028 of
2002 (“ _Ketmala_ _Phumin_ ”): The accused arrived by plane from Bangkok and
was arrested after a search discovered 5,897 Yaba tablets in his shoes. The
tablets were found to contain 116.37g of methamphetamine. The accused was
sentenced to five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane after he
pleaded guilty.

(h) _Public Prosecutor v Jiabo_ _Sangwan_ District Arrest Case No 36103 of
2003 (“DAC 36103/2003”) and _Public Prosecutor v Wonglar_ _Thitiphon_ District
Arrest Case No 36099 of 2003 (“DAC 36099/2003”): The accused in DAC 36099/2003
was arrested “pursuant to intelligence”[note: 34] upon her arrival at Changi
Airport from Bangkok. She was found with 3,943 Yaba tablets, which contained a
total of 82.26g of methamphetamine, hidden in her shoes. She was sentenced to
ten years’ imprisonment with no caning because she was a female. The accused
in DAC 36103/2003 was to collect the Yaba tablets from the accused in DAC
36099/2003. He cooperated with the CNB and arranged with the accused in DAC
36099/2003 to make the delivery, which had previously been arranged. He
pleaded guilty and was sentenced to 13 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of
the cane.

(i) _Public Prosecutor v Kasem_ _Nonchan_ District Arrest Case No 48602 of
2003 (“ _Kasem_ _Nonchan_ ”): The accused arrived by plane from Bangkok with a
female accomplice. He was arrested after his female accomplice was found with
3,915 Yaba tablets containing a total of 56.33g of methamphetamine. He pleaded
guilty and was sentenced to five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the
cane. His female accomplice was sentenced to five years’ imprisonment.

50 The Prosecution submits that those of the above precedents which involve
the importation of Yaba are relevant to the present case for two reasons, even
though the amended charge against Mas Swan (as set out at [14] above) concerns
the attempted importation of ecstasy. First, the United Nations Office on
Drugs and Crime treats ecstasy and Yaba as belonging to the category of
“Amphetamine-type stimulants” for the purpose of research and
management.[note: 35] Second, according to the Prosecution, the HSA has noted
that whereas ecstasy in the past meant tablets containing MDMA, “clandestine
laboratories are now known to substitute or mix MDMA [a Class A controlled
drug] with other drugs”, causing ecstasy to take on a “broader meaning”.[note:
36] The Prosecution points out that the HSA has noted that the ecstasy tablets
that it tested in the past would normally contain MDMA, MDA (_ie_ ,
a-Methyl-3,4-(methylenedioxy) phenethylamine, a Class A controlled drug),
methamphetamine and ketamine, whereas some ecstasy tablets tested recently
were found to also contain methylmethcathinone (commonly known as mephedrone,
a Class A controlled drug).[note: 37]

51 The Prosecution’s final oral submission on sentencing is that in the light
of the above precedents, Mas Swan should be sentenced to between ten and 15
years’ imprisonment[note: 38] (_cf_ the Prosecution’s written submissions on
sentencing as set out at [46] above). In its oral submissions, the Prosecution
did not refer to the number of strokes of the cane which the court should
impose.

(2) Mas Swan’s mitigation

52 Mas Swan’s mitigation is that his role in the offence was minor as he was
there merely to accompany Roshamima.[note: 39] He claims that he was not aware
that Roshamima was doing anything illegal in importing ecstasy.[note: 40]

53 Counsel for Mas Swan has also referred to _Public Prosecutor v Phuthita_
_Somchit and another_ [2011] 3 SLR 719, where the accused, who was acquitted
of conspiring to traffic in diamorphine but convicted of attempting to traffic
in a Class C controlled drug (the charge was framed in this manner because the
accused had intended to traffic in a “not serious drug”, which, in the High
Court judge’s view, meant that she must have intended to traffic in a Class C
controlled drug at the very least), was sentenced to nine years’
imprisonment.[note: 41] The accused received this sentence even though she
knew that trafficking in the type of controlled drugs she was dealing with
carried severe penalties. She had also been involved in the packing of the
controlled drugs and had received money from her co-accused.[note: 42] In
contrast, as counsel for Mas Swan has pointed out, Mas Swan did not handle or
see the controlled drugs in the three bundles and thought that those drugs
were ecstasy.[note: 43]

54 For these reasons, counsel for Mas Swan has also urged this court to
consider the lower end of the sentencing precedents in _Teo Leong_ _Huat_
(seven years’ imprisonment and ten strokes of the cane for importing 15,070
ecstasy tablets), _Robin Unggul_ _Suryono_ (seven years’ imprisonment and six
strokes of the cane for importing 3,061 ecstasy tablets and two small sachets
of powder), _Ketmala_ _Phumin_ (five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of
the case for importing 5,897 Yaba tablets) and _Kasem_ _Nonchan_ (five years’
imprisonment and five strokes of the cane for importing 3,915 Yaba tablets),
and has submitted that Mas Swan should be sentenced to the minimum mandatory
sentence of five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane.

(3) The relevant sentencing considerations

55 Section 12 of the MDA provides that the punishment for attempts to commit
offences under the MDA is the punishment provided for the primary offence in
question. The Second Schedule to the MDA tabulates the punishment for
importation of controlled drugs. If the hypothetical ecstasy tablets in the
present case are considered to contain MDMA, then the sentencing range is as
follows:

(a) a _minimum_ of five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane; and

(b) a _maximum_ of 30 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane.

56 The High Court in _Jeffery bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 414 (_per_ Chan Sek Keong CJ) held (at [7]) that it was relevant to
consider the following factors when determining the sentence for drug
trafficking (citing _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2003) at pp 638–639):

(a)the _quantity_ of the drug in the possession of the offender;

(b)the _type_ of drug [involved];

(c)the _duration and sophistication in planning and carrying out the offence_
; and

(d)the _relative levels of participation_ in relation to the accomplices.

[emphasis added]

57 In our view, these considerations are applicable to the present case in
determining the appropriate sentence to be imposed on Mas Swan. The quantity
of controlled drugs involved in the importation is a material consideration in
determining the potential harm to society. In the present case, the actual
amount of ecstasy that Mas Swan was found to have _attempted_ to import into
Singapore cannot be determined at all because what was actually imported was
diamorphine. It is therefore necessary for the court to formulate an
acceptable means of calculating the notional quantity of ecstasy attempted to
be imported for the purpose of sentencing him. The quantity has to be notional
because, as we have just pointed out, the actual quantity cannot be
determined. This situation is not common, but it is not without precedent in
other jurisdictions. For instance, in _Regina v Tomasz_ _Szmyt_ [2010] 1 Cr
App R (S) 69 (“ _Tomasz_ _Szmyt_ ”), the appellant was found to have in his
possession, _inter alia_ , what he thought were 1,998 ecstasy tablets, but
which were in fact harmless tablets. The English Court of Appeal held that the
proper way to assess the sentence for the offence was to consider what would
have been an appropriate sentence if that quantity of ecstasy had been
imported, and then to scale it down to account for the fact that although the
appellant was guilty of attempting to import ecstasy, what was imported was
actually a harmless substance (see _Tomasz_ _Szmyt_ at [12]). Similarly, in _R
v Magdalen Genevieve_ _Wolin_ [2006] 1 Cr App R (S) 133 (“ _R v Wolin_ ”), the
appellant thought she was importing cocaine, but what was actually imported
was lignocaine, which was _not_ a prohibited drug under the relevant statute.
She was convicted of being knowingly concerned in the attempted importation of
a prohibited drug of a particular class. The court reduced the sentence
because it felt that a further discount was warranted to account for: (a) the
fact that the appellant was charged with an attempt and not a completed
offence; and (b) the fact that the substance which the appellant carried was
not a prohibited substance (see _R v Wolin_ at [6]–[7]).

(4) Our decision on sentencing

58 The Prosecution has suggested in its oral submissions before this court
that the proper sentence to impose on Mas Swan would be a term of imprisonment
of between ten and 15 years (see [51] above). However, the majority of the
Prosecution’s sentencing precedents on the importation of ecstasy show that
the range of imprisonment for this offence is between seven and ten years’
imprisonment instead. If the Prosecution’s sentencing precedents on the
importation of Yaba are also considered material, the sentencing range will be
between five and 13 years’ imprisonment. It should be noted, however, that
apart from _Khor Soon Lee_ , the sentencing precedents relied on by the
Prosecution are District Court cases. Further, it is not possible to ascertain
what factors were taken into account in these District Court cases as they are
unreported and the Prosecution has not provided their factual background.
These decisions are also difficult to reconcile. For example, the sentence in
_Chew Wee Kiat_ was ten years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for
importing 1,399 ecstasy tablets. In contrast, the sentence in _Teo Leong_
_Huat_ for importing 15,070 ecstasy tablets was only seven years’ imprisonment
and ten strokes of the cane. The apparent disparity is not justifiable even if
we take into account the fact that the accused in _Chew Wee Kiat_ claimed
trial. It may well be that the facts in _Chew Wee Kiat_ were particularly
aggravated, but we do not know.

59 In our view, the sentencing range in cases of importation of either ecstasy
or Yaba should not be used to determine the sentencing range in the present
case because although what was attempted to be imported here was ecstasy, what
was in fact imported was diamorphine, a much more serious Class A controlled
drug, the importation and attempted importation of which are both punishable
by a death sentence if the quantity of diamorphine involved exceeds 15g. A
closer case is _Khor Soon Lee_ , where the capital charge of importing not
less than 27.86g of diamorphine was reduced to attempted importation of Class
A controlled drugs other than diamorphine, and where this court sentenced the
offender to 18 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. Further,
unlike the English cases of _Tomasz_ _Szmyt_ and _R v Wolin_ , no discount
should be given in the present case on the basis that the offence was one of
attempting to import ecstasy rather than the substantive offence of actually
importing ecstasy. The reason is that in the two aforesaid English cases, non-
prohibited substances were ultimately imported, whereas in the present case, a
much more serious Class A controlled drug (_viz_ , diamorphine) was actually
imported. For these reasons, we think that an appropriate sentence for Mas
Swan would be 15 years’ imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane, having
regard to the fact that he was complicit in transporting diamorphine to
Singapore.

CCA 8/2011

60 As noted above, two issues arise in relation to CCA 8/2011:

(a) whether the Judge erred in rejecting Roshamima’s evidence that she did not
know of the presence of the three bundles in JHA 7781 (“the first issue”); and

(b) whether the Judge erred in finding that Roshamima had not rebutted the s
18(2) presumption that she knew the nature of the controlled drugs in the
three bundles (“the second issue”).

The first issue

61 The first issue may be disposed of briefly. Counsel for Roshamima has not
persuaded us that the Judge’s finding was wrong. We place no credibility
whatever on the Anonymous Email and the subsequent correspondence with “Noname
Hawermann” as a basis for casting any reasonable doubt on the finding of the
Judge. Given that “Noname Hawermann” is not prepared to identify himself or
herself even though he or she is outside the jurisdiction of the law
enforcement agencies in Singapore, no court would be justified in giving any
credence to his or her assertions.

The second issue

62 The second issue raises an interesting point on the role of logic in
criminal law.

(1) The Judge’s approach

63 The Judge essentially adopted an approach based on pure logic to determine
whether Roshamima had rebutted the s 18(2) presumption that she knew the
nature of the controlled drugs in the three bundles. He held that she had
failed to rebut this presumption because she had not adduced any evidence to
show that she did not know and had no reason to know the nature of the
controlled drugs in the three bundles. The Judge’s reasons are set out in the
following paragraphs of the Judgment:

90 Roshamima’s defence, as mentioned above, was that she had _no knowledge
whatsoever_ that the bundles were concealed or existed in the door panel. If,
however, the Prosecution was able to persuade me that Roshamima was aware of
the concealed bundles and knew that they contained controlled drugs, the
statutory presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA would, accordingly, become
operative and it would then be for Roshamima to rebut it, failing which the
Charge against her [_ie_ , the joint charge mentioned at [1] above] would be
made out.

91 In this connection, it is pertinent to highlight that Roshamima did not
lead any positive evidence to prove that she was not aware of the true nature
of the controlled drugs. This must be so since she chose to defend the Charge
at the threshold level that she had no knowledge of the existence of the
bundles that were concealed in the door panel of JHA 7781 and was accordingly
not in _legal possession_ of the controlled drugs. It therefore follows that
if the Prosecution was able to prove that Roshamima was aware that bundles
containing controlled drugs were concealed in the car door panel, the
presumption under s 18(2) of the MDA would operate against her, and because
she has not adduced any evidence to rebut that presumption, the Charge against
her would, without more, indubitably be made out. This logical sequence and
its inevitable outcome were eventually conceded by Mr Muzammil [counsel for
Roshamima] during oral submissions, though I would like to add that I am
relying on what I understand to be the legal position, and not on his
concession, in making such a finding.

…

130 As Roshamima did not adduce any evidence that she believed that the
bundles contained controlled drugs other than diamorphine, the presumption
under s 18(2) of the MDA remains unrebutted.

[emphasis in original]

64 Was the Judge’s reasoning in the above passages correct in law? It appears
to be implicit in the Judge’s reasoning that the only way Roshamima could have
rebutted the s 18(2) presumption was for _her_ to adduce credible evidence to
support her claim that she did not know and had no reason to know that the
controlled drugs in the three bundles were diamorphine.

65 In our view, the Judge’s approach, while logically defensible, is not
necessarily legally correct in the context of a criminal trial on the evidence
before him. With respect, the Judge’s approach was overly narrow in the
context of a criminal trial. Before we elaborate on this point, it should be
noted that Roshamima’s counsel did try, albeit in a rather clumsy and
confusing manner, to advance the Alternative Defence (as set out at [23]
above) for his client, but his attempt failed to make any headway with the
Judge, and he eventually conceded the Judge’s inexorable conclusion. This in
turn led the Judge to comment that Roshamima’s counsel had accepted “[t]his
logical sequence and its inevitable outcome” that if Roshamima’s primary
defence failed, the s 18(2) presumption against her (_ie_ , the presumption
that she knew the nature of the controlled drugs in the three bundles) would
stand unrebutted (see [91] of the Judgment, which is reproduced at [63]
above).

66 The following exchanges during defence counsel’s closing submissions at the
trial show how counsel lost his way in the course of attempting to advance the
Alternative Defence:[note: 44]

Muzammil: |  … [Roshamima’s] defence is centralised on two issues, your Honour. Number 1 is, she did not know that the three bundles were in the car. And number 2, her purpose of coming into Singapore was a lawful purpose, that was to meet up with Murie’s auntie at Rochor that evening on the 6th of May 2009.  
---|---  
Court: |  _And do you have a fallback position if these two points are not accepted?_  
… |   
Court: |  But let’s say she – let – let’s – do you have an _alternative submission_? You’ve picked [_sic_] your case at the highest?  
Muzammil: |  Yes, your Honour.  
Court: |  You don’t have an alternative submission?  
Muzammil: |  _No, your Honour_. …  
… |   
Court: |  And you have no fallback position. Let’s say the Court accepts – prefers Mas Swan’s evidence over Roshamima, as far as the knowledge of the contents, that the bundles were hidden in the door panel.  
Muzammil: |  Your Honour, in the event, your Honour, in the event if what – if we go on the basis of Ro – of Mas Swan’s evidence, then your Honour, at best, _she would only be charged for possession – for – for importing Ecstasy_ , which is not subject of the charge, your Honour. The charge is for importing diamorphine.  
Court: |  Yes. But she has no grounds for belief. She – she never said, “I thought it was Ecstasy”. Her position is, “I didn’t even know the bundles were in there”.  
Muzammil: |  Yes. Your Honour, so in the – since she say that she – number one, she did not know that there was bundle – there was a bundle; number two is, if you follow – if you accept Mas Swan’s version that it was all the time Ecstasy, which she claimed he had said, then at best is importation of Ecstasy, your Honour, which is not subject of the charge, which is diamorphine. And she cannot be – if you go by the case, it says that you cannot be – if you strongly believe that it is Ecstasy, you can be – you cannot be found guilty of a charge for importing diamorphine …  
|  If she strongly – if your Honour accepts – we go on the – worse scenario
that your Honour accepts Mas Swan’s version that she say that they were
Ecstasy pills –  
… |   
Court: |  So how does one rebut a presumption when one’s case is an absolute denial?  
… |   
Court: |  How does one rebut that presumption when the evidence of the – the accused is, “I didn’t even not [_sic_] – know that the bundles were in the car”?  
Muzammil: |  Yes. Your Honour, this is a situation – her defence is, she did not know.  
Court: |  Yes.  
Muzammil: |  It cannot be a situation that – where she says that “Even if I knew, it would – I think it is Ecstasy”.  
Court: |  Yes.  
Muzammil: |  Here is a – here is a situation where she says, “I did not know”. It is a – a – a situation of either yes or no. It’s just like an alibi, your Honour. Alibi is a – a – accused says that he was at a particular place –  
Court: |  Yes.  
Muzammil: |  – at a particular time, at the time of the offence. Now, if he fails in convincing the Court that he was with evidence – to evidence that he was there at that time of the offence alleged, then if he’s – the Court doesn’t – means that his defence fails, it – he falls with – he – he – he falls – the whole thing falls your Honour –   
Court: |  Yes.  
Muzammil: |  – the whole defence falls.  
… |   
Court: |  So now if you fail to prove that she did not know –  
Muzammil: |  Yes.  
Court: |  – that the three bundles were concealed in the car, does your defence fail?  
Muzammil: |  I would – I humbly submit, yes, your Honour, because it’s either you –  
Court: |  Okay, this is different from what you just told me 5 minutes ago.  
Muzammil: |  Yes, your Honour. Because that is on the basis if – on the basis if you accept Mas Swan’s version that it was she who said – based on the basis that –   
Court: |  So if –  
Muzammil: |  If the Court accepts –   
Court: |  – the Court accepts Mas Swan’s evidence –  
Muzammil: |  – Mas Swan’s version that it was she who said there were three bundles of Ecstasy hidden behind the door, then, your Honour, _it must have been that she had knowledge that the contents of the bundle[s] were Ecstasy and not diamorphine_. If she – I mean, taking – taking –  
Court: |  I am absolutely confused by your submission.  
Muzammil: |  No, your Honour. Your Honour, your – your –your –  
Court: |  Do I accept – do I understand your submission, if you fail in your primary case –  
Muzammil: |  Yes.  
Court: |  _i.e. that – that she did not know that the three bundles were concealed in the car, the defence for this charge fails completely?_  
Muzammil: |  _I would think so_.   
… |   
Court: |  Okay. So I want now, the third time, Mr Muzammil, I want some clarity: _If you fail in that defence, i.e. the Court makes a finding that she knew that three bundles were concealed in the door panel, does the defence to the charge before me fail?_  
Muzammil: |  I humbly submit, no, your Honour, because the prosecution would still have to – would still have to prove that she knew that the – the – the bundles contained diamorphine, your Honour.  
Court: |  All right. You already change[d] your submissions three times, you know?  
… |   
Court: |  They are relying also on the presumption. How does the accused rebut the presumption when her case is, I don’t know –  
Muzammil: |  Yes.  
Court: |  – that is inside –   
Muzammil: |  Yes.  
Court: |  – that there are three bundles –  
Muzammil: |  Yes.  
Court: |  – in the – in the – the door panel. …  
… |   
Court: |  You have to rebut. It’s a – it’s a positive duty to rebut.  
… |   
Court: |  How does one rebut the presumption when one’s factual case which the Court, assuming it doesn’t accept is “I didn’t know –   
Muzammil: |  Yes.  
Court: |  – the bundles were in the door panel”?  
… |   
Muzammil: |  She has not rebutted the presumption because I … I submit that she has not – _she has not rebutted presumption if your Honour takes into – if your Honour is – if the Court finds that she was in possession_.  
Court: |  All right.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

67 The above exchanges show that even though Roshamima’s counsel eventually
agreed with the Judge that Roshamima did not have a fallback defence (in the
form of the Alternative Defence), he also contended that if the Judge were to
find that Mas Swan believed what he alleged Roshamima had told him, then “ _it
must have been that she had knowledge that the contents of the [three]
bundle[s] were Ecstasy and not diamorphine_ ” [emphasis added]. However, the
Judge was of the view that if he were to reject Roshamima’s primary defence
that she did not know of the presence of the three bundles in JHA 7781, she
would not, _ipso facto_ , be able to rebut the s 18(2) presumption. The Judge
was not disposed to consider counsel’s attempt to argue that if he (the Judge)
believed Mas Swan’s defence, then he should also consider whether Roshamima
had likewise believed that the three bundles contained ecstasy pills. In the
Judge’s view, such belief would be inconsistent with Roshamima’s primary
defence that she had no knowledge of the presence of the three bundles in JHA
7781.

(2) Inconsistent defences in a criminal trial

68 In our view, the Judge, in accepting Mas Swan’s defence, which was based on
what Roshamima had told Mas Swan (_viz_ , that the three bundles contained
ecstasy), and in holding that Roshamima had failed to discharge the burden of
proving the contrary of the s 18(2) presumption (_viz_ , the presumption that
she knew the nature of the controlled drugs in the three bundles) because she
had led no evidence to rebut the presumption, erred in law in not addressing
the possibility that Roshamima might also have believed that the three bundles
contained ecstasy since this was what she had told Mas Swan. The fact that
Roshamima adopted an “all or nothing” defence should not have deprived her of
any other available defence that could reasonably be made out on the evidence.
It was not unreasonable of Roshamima not to rely on the Alternative Defence at
the trial because relying on that defence would inevitably have impacted on
the cogency or strength of her primary defence, which, if accepted by the
Judge, would have resulted in her being acquitted of the capital charge faced
by her (_viz_ , the joint charge set out at [1] above). The Judge’s approach
is, with respect, inconsistent with the established practice of criminal
courts in such situations. In a jury trial, the established practice in such
situations is that the trial judge must put to the jury all defences that can
reasonably be made out on the evidence, and the trial judge should not
withhold or withdraw any alternative defences that may reasonably be made out
on the evidence. It is for the jury to decide whether any alternative defence
is credible, and not for the trial judge to make this decision by withholding
or withdrawing an alternative defence from the jury. In a bench trial, the
same practice should apply, and this means that the trial judge should not
shut his mind to any alternative defence that is reasonably available on the
evidence even though it may be inconsistent with the accused’s primary
defence. In the present case, the Judge should have asked himself whether it
was possible that Roshamima might have believed what she had told Mas Swan,
_viz_ , that the three bundles contained ecstasy. In not asking this question,
there is a disconnect between his believing Mas Swan’s defence and his failure
to give any consideration to Roshamima’s alternative defence (_viz_ , the
Alternative Defence). The disconnect is that since the Judge made no finding
that Roshamima had lied to Mas Swan when she said that the three bundles
contained ecstasy (which information formed the basis of Mas Swan’s defence),
then it was possible that Roshamima might genuinely have believed that the
three bundles contained ecstasy, and that was why she had told Mas Swan so.

(A) The relevant case law

69 We shall now examine the case law on inconsistent defences in criminal
trials. In _Mancini v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1942] 1 AC 1 (“
_Mancini_ ”), the appellant was found guilty by a jury of a charge of murder.
The appellant’s defence at the trial was that he had acted in self-defence. On
appeal, it was contended that the trial judge erred in failing to adequately
direct the jury on what would amount in law to provocation. If provocation had
been found, the appellant would have been liable for only the less serious
offence of manslaughter. The House of Lords agreed that the trial judge had a
duty to direct the jury to consider an alternative case even if counsel did
not rely on such an alternative (see _Mancini_ at 7–8):

Although the appellant’s case at the trial was in substance that he had been
compelled to use his weapon in necessary self-defence – a defence which, if it
had been accepted by the jury, would have resulted in his complete acquittal –
it was undoubtedly the duty of the judge, in summing up to the jury, to deal
adequately with any other view of the facts which might reasonably arise out
of the evidence given, and which would reduce the crime from murder to
manslaughter. _The fact that a defending counsel does not stress an
alternative case before the jury (which he may well feel it difficult to do
without prejudicing the main defence) does not relieve the judge from the duty
of directing the jury to consider the alternative, if there is material before
the jury which would justify a direction that they should consider it_. Thus,
in _Rex v. Hopper_ [[1915] 2 KB 431], at a trial for murder the prisoner’s
counsel relied substantially on the defence that the killing was accidental,
but Lord Reading C.J., in delivering the judgment of the Court of Criminal
Appeal, said: “We do not assent to the suggestion that as the defence
throughout the trial was accident, the judge was justified in not putting the
question as to manslaughter. Whatever the line of defence adopted by counsel
at the trial of a prisoner, we are of opinion that it is for the judge to put
such questions as appear to him properly to arise upon the evidence, even
although counsel may not have raised some question himself. In this case it
may be that the difficulty of presenting the alternative defences of accident
and manslaughter may have actuated counsel in saying very little about
manslaughter, but if we come to the conclusion, as we do, that there was some
evidence – we say no more than that – upon which a question ought to have been
left to the jury as to the crime being manslaughter only, we think that this
verdict of murder cannot stand.” [emphasis added]

On the facts, the House of Lords held that there was insufficient material on
which to raise the question of provocation and thus rejected the appellant’s
contention that the trial judge had failed to direct the jury adequately on
this defence.

70 A similar approach was approved by Barwick CJ in _Pemble v The Queen_
(1971) 124 CLR 107 at 117–118:

… There is no doubt that the course taken by counsel for the appellant at the
trial contributed substantially to the form of the summing up. If the trial
had been of a civil cause, it might properly be said that the trial judge had
put to the jury the issues which had arisen between the parties. But this was
not a civil trial. The decision of the House of Lords in _Mancini v. Director
of Public Prosecutions_ following Lord Reading’s judgment in _R. v. Hopper_
and its influence in the administration of the criminal law must ever be borne
in mind (see _Kwaku_ _Mensah v. The King_). _Whatever course counsel may see
fit to take, no doubt bona fide but for tactical reasons in what he considers
the best interest of his client, the trial judge must be astute to secure for
the accused a fair trial according to law._ This involves, in my opinion, an
adequate direction both as to the law and the possible use of the relevant
facts upon any matter upon which the jury could in the circumstances of the
case upon the material before them find or base a verdict in whole or in part.

In _Mancini v. Director of Public Prosecutions_ provocation was not relied
upon by defending counsel. In _Kwaku_ _Mensah v. The King_ , provocation was
not raised at the trial nor in the reasons in the appellant’s case for the
consideration of the Privy Council. But, there being material before the jury
on which they could properly have found provocation so as to reduce the crime
from murder to manslaughter, their Lordships considered the absence of any
direction as to provocation when that matter was raised by counsel in argument
before them for the first time; and for lack of appropriate direction set
aside a conviction for murder.

_Here, counsel for the defence did not merely not rely on the matters now
sought to be raised; he abandoned them and expressly confined the defence to
the matters he did raise. However, in my opinion, this course did not relieve
the trial judge of the duty to put to the jury with adequate assistance any
matters on which the jury, upon the evidence, could find for the accused._ …

[emphasis added]

71 In _Regina v Cambridge_ [1994] 1 WLR 971 (“ _R v Cambridge_ ”), the
appellant was tried for murder for stabbing a man in a public house. The
defence was that the appellant did not stab the deceased. Although there were
witnesses who testified that provocative words had been spoken to the
appellant, provocation was not raised on behalf of the Defence and counsel on
both sides accepted that the jury’s only possible verdicts were either not
guilty of murder or guilty of murder. Accordingly, the trial judge did not
leave the issue of provocation to the jury as an issue for their consideration
under s 3 of the Homicide Act 1957 (c 11) (UK). The appellant was subsequently
convicted of murder.

72 On appeal against conviction, a substantial ground of appeal was whether
the conviction should be set aside on the basis that the trial judge should
have left the issue of provocation to the jury to consider. The English Court
of Appeal held (_per_ Lord Taylor of Gosforth CJ) at 974–975:

We turn to the third and more substantial ground of appeal. Mr. Gray submits
that the judge ought to have left provocation to the jury as an issue for
their consideration. As already noted, provocation was not raised on behalf of
the defence. Indeed, it would have been inconsistent with the appellant’s
contention that he was not the assailant. Notwithstanding this, Mr. Gray
submits that a clear line of authority required the judge to leave provocation
to the jury on the evidence in this case.

The line of authority goes back to _Rex v. Hopper_ [1915] 2 K.B. 431, _Mancini
v. Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1942] A.C. 1 and _Bullard v. The Queen_
[1957] A.C. 635.

In _Reg. v. Porritt_ [1961] 1 W.L.R. 1372 , this court approved a passage from
the opinion of the Privy Council in _Bullard v. The Queen_ [1957] A.C. 635
delivered by Lord Tucker, at p. 642:

“It has long been settled law that if on the evidence, whether of the
prosecution or of the defence, there is any evidence of provocation fit to be
left to a jury, and whether or not this issue has been specifically raised at
the trial by counsel for the defence and whether or not the accused had said
in terms that he was provoked, it is the duty of the judge, after a proper
direction, to leave it open to the jury to return a verdict of manslaughter if
they are not satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that the killing was
unprovoked.”

It is necessary to refer to only two other cases. In _Reg. v. Camplin_ [1978]
A.C. 705, Lord Diplock, having cited section 3 of the Homicide Act 1957, went
on, at p. 716:

“it makes it clear that if there was any evidence that the accused himself at
the time of the act which caused the death in fact lost his self-control in
consequence of some provocation however slight it might appear to the judge,
he was bound to leave to the jury the question, which is one of opinion not of
law: whether a reasonable man might have reacted to that provocation as the
accused did.”

In _Reg. v. Rossiter_ [1994] 2 All E.R. 752, 758, Russell L.J. said:

“We take the law to be that wherever there is material which is capable of
amounting to provocation, however tenuous it may be, the jury must be given
the privilege of ruling upon it.”

For the Crown, Mr. Denyer sought to limit the situation in which a judge is
required to leave provocation to the jury, although it has not been raised by
the defence. He submits that in all the cases cited above, it was common
ground that the defendant had caused the death. The issues before the jury
were therefore concerned with the defendant’s state of mind and in those
circumstances, whether he was running [_sic_] accident, self-defence, no
intent, or even diminished responsibility, it was appropriate, if any evidence
of provocation existed, that the judge should also leave that issue to the
jury. Where, however, the defendant’s case is that he was not there or it was
not his hand which killed the deceased, Mr. Denyer submits different
considerations apply. There, if the defence did not rely upon provocation, the
judge need not leave that issue to the jury.

We cannot agree. The authorities cited above [_viz_ , _inter alia_ , _Rex v
Hopper_ [1915] 2 KB 431, _Mancini v Director of Public Prosecutions_ [1942] AC
1, _Bullard v The Queen_ [1957] AC 635 and _Reg v Porritt_ [1961] 1 WLR 1372]
draw no such distinction. Moreover, by way of example, a defendant may rely on
alibi whilst the prosecution witnesses identifying him as the killer may
describe provocative acts or words followed by an apparent loss of self-
control on the defendant’s part. In such a case, it would manifestly be wrong,
if the alibi were rejected, for the jury to convict of murder without
considering provocation. So, even though the defence may prefer provocation
not to be raised, in the fear that it may be a distraction offering the jury a
possible compromise verdict, the judge must leave it to the jury if there is
evidence.

73 It seems clear from the last quoted passage that the court will disregard
the fact that an alternative defence available to an accused may be
inconsistent with his primary defence, and will not hold it against him if he
does not wish to raise the alternative defence. In the context of a jury
trial, an accused may well decide not to advance an alternative defence
because it may induce the jury to reach a compromise verdict. On the facts of
_R v Cambridge_ , since it was impossible to say what the outcome would have
been if provocation had been left to the jury, the verdict of murder was
quashed and a verdict of manslaughter was substituted for it (see _R v
Cambridge_ at 976E–F).

74 The rationale for this approach was explained clearly by Lord Bingham of
Cornhill in _Regina v Coutts_ [2006] 1 WLR 2154 at [12] as follows:

12 In any criminal prosecution for a serious offence there is an important
public interest in the outcome: _R. v Fairbanks_ [1986] 1 WLR 1202, 1206. The
public interest is that, following a fairly conducted trial, defendants should
be convicted of offences which they are proved to have committed and should
not be convicted of offences which they are not proved to have committed. The
interests of justice are not served if a defendant who has committed a lesser
offence is either convicted of a greater offence, exposing him to greater
punishment than his crime deserves, or acquitted altogether, enabling him to
escape the measure of punishment which his crime deserves. The objective must
be that defendants are neither over-convicted nor under-convicted, nor
acquitted when they have committed a lesser offence of the type charged. The
human instrument relied on to achieve this objective in cases of serious crime
is of course the jury. But to achieve it in some cases the jury must be
alerted to the options open to it. This is not ultimately the responsibility
of the prosecutor, important though his role as a minister of justice
undoubtedly is. Nor is it the responsibility of defence counsel, whose proper
professional concern is to serve what he and his client judge to be the best
interests of the client. It is the ultimate responsibility of the trial judge:
_Von Starck v The Queen_ [2000] 1 WLR 1270, 1275; _Hunter v The Queen_ [2003]
UKPC 69, para 27.

The same principle should apply in a bench trial, with the trial judge acting
as the jury. The task of ensuring that offenders are “neither over-convicted
nor under-convicted, nor acquitted when they have committed a lesser offence
of the type charged” falls squarely on the trial judge. The trial judge cannot
shirk the responsibility of considering any alternative defence reasonably
available on the evidence before the court even if the Defence has not relied
on that defence, or even if the Prosecution and the Defence have agreed not to
raise it. In a criminal trial, the court’s duty and function should not be
constrained by any agreement between the Prosecution and the Defence not to
raise a particular defence before the court.

75 This principle is well-illustrated by _Mohamed Kunjo v Public Prosecutor_
[1977–1978] SLR(R) 211 (“ _Mohamed Kunjo_ ”), a Privy Council decision on an
appeal from Singapore. In that case, the appellant did not raise the defence
of sudden fight to a charge of murder either at his trial or on appeal to the
Court of Criminal Appeal. The question was whether the defence could be raised
before the Privy Council for the first time. Consistent with the line of
authorities which we referred to earlier, the Privy Council reasoned that in a
jury trial, the trial judge must put to the jury all matters which might
reasonably entitle the jury to return a lesser verdict (see _Mohamed Kunjo_ at
[19]). If the trial judge failed to do that, the Privy Council would
intervene. The Prosecution in _Mohamed Kunjo_ did not suggest that this
principle was inapplicable where there was a bench trial or where the burden
was on the accused to establish his defence (which was the position in
_Mohamed Kunjo_ by reason of the Evidence Act (Cap 5, 1970 Rev Ed)). The Privy
Council also referred to an Indian decision involving a bench trial in which
the Supreme Court of India substituted a verdict of culpable homicide for one
of murder because it found that the special exception of sudden fight was made
out notwithstanding that this special exception was not raised during the
trial (see _Chamru_ _Budhwa v State of Madhya Pradesh_ AIR 1954 SC 652). On
the facts of _Mohamed Kunjo_ , the Privy Council considered that the evidence
was such that the trial judges could not have reasonably concluded that the
defence of sudden fight was made out. This was because the accused had taken
undue advantage of the victim (see _Mohamed Kunjo_ at [21]). Accordingly, the
Privy Council held that the trial judges did not err in failing to refer to
that defence in their judgment.

76 In _Mohamed Kunjo_ , the Privy Council enunciated the following test for
determining when it would intervene and consider a defence not raised in the
proceedings below (at [20]):

… In our judgment a defence based upon an exception which the defendant has to
prove may be raised for the first time before the Board, if the Board
considers that otherwise there would be a real risk of failure of justice. The
test must be _whether there is sufficient evidence upon which a reasonable
tribunal could find the defence made out_. If there be such evidence, the
court of trial should have expressly dealt with it in its judgment and the
Judicial Committee will deal with it on appeal, even though it has not been
raised below. [emphasis added]

(B) Application to the facts

77 In the present case, the Judge accepted Mas Swan’s defence that he believed
what Roshamima had told him. That, in our view, would be evidence that
Roshamima might have had the same belief, _ie_ , that the three bundles
contained ecstasy, which was what Mas Swan believed. In the light of this
finding concerning Mas Swan’s belief, it was necessary, in our view, for the
Judge to go one step further and consider: (a) whether Roshamima had the same
belief; and (b) if she had, whether such belief was sufficient to rebut the s
18(2) presumption against her.

78 Logically, the Judge would only be entitled to ignore the implication of
his acceptance of Mas Swan’s evidence by making _another_ finding of fact,
_ie_ , that Roshamima knew that the three bundles contained diamorphine and
had lied to Mas Swan in order to bring him on board. This would be the logical
inference if the Judge were not to give any credence to the possibility that
Roshamima had thought that the three bundles contained ecstasy. However, the
Judge omitted to consider this aspect of the case against Roshamima, and that
is what has troubled us in this appeal. Having regard to the close
relationship between Roshamima and Mas Swan (they were due to get engaged to
be married in June 2009), there was no reason why Roshamima would have put Mas
Swan’s life at risk by lying to him about _the nature of the controlled drugs
they were going to deliver._ It would have taken an extremely callous woman to
have done that. It was of course possible for Roshamima to have done so, but
such a conclusion would have required the Judge to make other findings of
fact, such as the finding that Mas Swan did not wish to be involved in the
importation of diamorphine, and that telling him an untruth about the nature
of the controlled drugs involved was the only way to get him to agree to join
Roshamima in bringing _diamorphine_ into Singapore. In our view, the intimate
relationship between Roshamima and Mas Swan should have alerted the Judge to
the implications of believing Mas Swan’s evidence and the possibility that
Roshamima might also have believed what she had told Mas Swan. The fact that
she mounted an “all or nothing” defence should not, _ipso facto_ , be a ground
for not considering the other evidence on record that, as found by the Judge,
she did tell Mas Swan that the three bundles contained ecstasy (see the
passage from _R v Cambridge_ reproduced at [72] above). In our view, the
Judge’s omission to consider the Alternative Defence _vis-à-vis_ Roshamima is
an error of law. As it is impossible to say what the Judge’s decision in
respect of Roshamima would have been if he had considered the Alternative
Defence, we must give Roshamima the benefit of doubt arising from the Judge’s
omission to consider that defence.

79 For the above reasons, we do not consider it safe to let Roshamima’s
conviction on the amended charge, which is a capital charge of importing
diamorphine (see [2] above), stand. Accordingly, we set aside her conviction
of the amended charge, substitute the amended charge with the following charge
and convict her of that charge instead:

You, [Roshamima], on the 6th day of May 2009, at or about 9.56 p.m. in a
Malaysian registered motor car JHA 7781, at Woodlands Checkpoint Singapore,
did attempt to import into Singapore, N, a-dimethyl-3, 4-(methylenedioxy)
phenethylamine (“ecstasy”) which is a Class A controlled drug, and which is
specified in the First Schedule to the [MDA], to wit, by bringing into
Singapore in the said JHA 7781, one hundred and twenty-three (123) packets of
substances containing not less than 21.48 grams of diamorphine, which you
believed to be ecstasy, without any authorisation under the [MDA] or the
regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
Section 7 read with Section 12, and punishable under Section 33 of the [MDA].

We will determine the appropriate sentence to impose on Roshamima after
hearing the parties’ submissions on sentencing.

Conclusion

80 For all the reasons above, we allow both the present appeals.

* * *

[note: 1]See Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Vol 4 at pp 1–2.

[note: 2]Petition of Appeal dated 22 September 2011 at para 3.

[note: 3]Petition of Appeal dated 22 September 2011 at para 3.1; Prosecution’s
submissions dated 21 November 2011 at para 59.

[note: 4]ROP Vol 2, Notes of Evidence (“NE”) Day 5 at p 11, lines 22–23 and
ROP Vol 3, NE Day 8 at p 41, lines 14–17.

[note: 5]Prosecution’s Submissions dated 21 November 2011 at para 59.

[note: 6]Mas Swan’s Skeletal Submissions dated 22 November 2011 at para 22.

[note: 7]Mas Swan’s Skeletal Submissions dated 22 November 2011 at paras
26–27.

[note: 8]Roshamima’s Written Submissions dated 22 November 2011 at paras 18–60
and paras 86–125.

[note: 9]Roshamima’s Written Submissions dated 22 November 2011 at para 126.

[note: 10]Roshamima’s Written Submissions dated 22 November 2011 at para 67.

[note: 11]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at exhibit
“DKR-1”.

[note: 12]Certified Transcript of hearing on 28 November 2011 at p 4, lines
20–21.

[note: 13]Certified Transcript of hearing on 28 November 2011 at p 2, lines
3–10.

[note: 14]Certified Transcript of hearing on 28 November 2011 at pp 5–6 and 9.

[note: 15]Certified Transcript of hearing on 28 November 2011 at p 21, lines
2–5.

[note: 16]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 4.

[note: 17]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 5.

[note: 18]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 6.

[note: 19]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 7.

[note: 20]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 8.

[note: 21]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 10.

[note: 22]Affidavit of Dinesh Kumar Rai dated 27 January 2012 at para 11.

[note: 23]Prosecution’s Submissions dated 24 November 2011 at paras 54–58.

[note: 24]Prosecution’s Further Submissions dated 31 January 2012 at para 40.

[note: 25]ROP Vol 2, NE Day 6, at pp 23–24.

[note: 26]Prosecution’s Submissions dated 24 November 2011 at para 71.

[note: 27]Certified Transcript of hearing on 8 February 2012 at p 19.

[note: 28]ROP Vol 4 at pp 19–21 (HSA Certificates).

[note: 29]Certified Transcript of hearing on 8 February 2012 at p 20, lines
5–18.

[note: 30]Prosecution’s Written Submissions entitled “Sentencing Precedents”
(“Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents”) dated 23 February 2012 at para 1(ii).

[note: 31]Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents dated 23 February 2012 at p 1.

[note: 32]Tables A and B to Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents (at tabs 2–3).

[note: 33]Table B to Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents at tab 3, row 1.

[note: 34]Table B to Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents at tab 3, row 4.

[note: 35]Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents at p 1.

[note: 36]Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents at p 1.

[note: 37]Prosecution’s Sentencing Precedents at p 1.

[note: 38]Certified Transcript of hearing on 8 February 2012 at p 27, lines
18–21.

[note: 39]Mas Swan’s Mitigation Plea dated 13 March 2012 (“Mas Swan’s
Mitigation Plea”) at paras 25–26.

[note: 40]Mas Swan’s Mitigation Plea at para 18.

[note: 41]Mas Swan’s Mitigation Plea at paras 19–24.

[note: 42]Mas Swan’s Mitigation Plea at paras 22–24.

[note: 43]Mas Swan’s Mitigation Plea at para 24.

[note: 44]ROP Vol 3, NE Day 12 at pp 16–25.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

