Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Juay Pah _v_ Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others  
[2012] SGCA 17

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 208 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC, Disa Sim and Ang Siok Hoon (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the appellant; Christopher Chuah, Joyce Ng and Napolean Koh
(WongPartnership LLP) for the first respondent; Martin Roderick Edward SC and
Mohamed Baiross (Martin & Partners) for the second respondent; Siaw Kheng Boon
(Siaw Kheng Boon & Co) for the third respondent; Ramasamy s/o Karuppan
Chettiar and Navin Kripalami (Acies Law Corporation) for the fourth
respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Juay Pah — Kimly Construction Pte Ltd and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 26.]

2 March 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arises from the collapse of a tower crane (“the Tower Crane”) at
a project site at the National University of Singapore Society Kent Ridge
Guildhouse at Kent Ridge Drive/Law Link (“the Project Site”) on 22 February
2008. Tragically, the collapse of the Tower Crane resulted in the deaths of
three workers.[note: 1] Following this, the main contractor for the project,
Kimly Construction Private Limited (“Kimly”), sued the sub-contractor, Lee
Tong Boon trading as Rango Machinery Services (“Rango”), from whom it had
rented the Tower Crane.

2 Rango in turn brought in Tan Juay Pah (“TJP”), the certifying mechanical
engineer whom it had engaged to inspect the Tower Crane, as a third party,
claiming an indemnity against him in the event that it was found liable to
Kimly. TJP is a professional mechanical engineer who is registered as an
authorised examiner (“AE”) under the Workplace Safety and Health Act (Cap
354A, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the WSHA”) and its relevant regulations (these
regulations and the WSHA will hereafter be collectively referred to as “the
WSH Regime”). As an AE, TJP is authorised by the Ministry of Manpower (“the
MOM”) to inspect, test and certify lifting machines, including tower cranes,
as being safe for use.

3 TJP then brought in Feng Tianming (“Feng”), a professional civil and
structural engineer, and FES Engineering Pte Ltd (“FES”), the approved crane
contractor, as fourth parties, claiming an indemnity and/or contribution from
them in turn. Feng had been engaged by Rango to design and supervise the
construction of the foundation of the Tower Crane, while FES had been engaged
by Rango to erect and maintain the Tower Crane. (In this regard, we note that
there is an inconsistency in the decision by the trial judge (“the Judge”)
dated 28 January 2011 (_viz_ , _Kimly Construction Pte Ltd v Lee Tong Boon
(trading as Rango Machinery Services) (Tan Juay Pah, third party; Feng
Tianming and another, fourth parties)_ [2011] SGHC 26 (“the Decision”)), which
states both (at [9]) that FES was engaged by Kimly and (at [22]) that FES was
engaged by Rango. We have found that [22] of the Decision states the correct
position, _ie_ , FES was engaged by Rango.)[note: 2]

4 The Judge decided, _inter alia_ , that (see [4] of the Decision):

(a) Kimly succeeded in its claim against Rango;

(b) Rango succeeded in its claim against TJP for an indemnity; and

(c) TJP’s claim against Feng and FES was dismissed by virtue of TJP’s
undertaking not to call any evidence against them should his submission of “no
case to answer” fail (which turned out to be the case in the court below).

5 This is TJP’s appeal against the Decision.

The facts

Background to the dispute

The relevant contracts

6 On or around 28 August 2006, Kimly entered into a sub-contract with Rango
for the purpose of renting the Tower Crane from the latter (“the Sub-
Contract”). The material terms of the Sub-Contract were as follows:[note: 3]

1\. **_Scope of Supply_**

Rango will provide one (01) unit of tower crane (hereinafter referred to as
“Tower Crane”) hereinafter set forth. This shall include all incidental and
minor works as may be necessary to enable the proper and safe
function/operation of the Tower Crane and acceptance for operation by
Authorities having jurisdiction over it.

…

…

3\. **_TERMS & CONDITIONS_**

…

3.2 **_Submission, Commissioning, Testing and Inspection_**

…

3.2.2 **_Commissioning, Testing and Inspection_**

Rango shall be responsible for arrangement for commissioning, load test,
certification, testing and inspection by Profession [_sic_] Engineer/Approved
Person at a prescribed interval to fulfill Authorities’ requirements. All
original certificates shall be provided to Kimly for retention.

…

…

3.4 **_Monthly Servicing/Maintenance_**

Rango shall provide free monthly servicing/maintenance by competent mechanics
throughout the whole rental period. This shall include provision of necessary
and suitable materials/tools/equipment required for the servicing/maintenance.
All original maintenance records shall be provided to Kimly for retention.

…

3.6 **_Insurance_**

_Kimly shall keep the Tower Crane insured against loss or_ _damage by an
equipment-all-risks policy with effect from successful commissioning until the
date of dismantling. Any deductible[s] shall be borne by Rango in the event of
a claim or accident of the Tower Crane caused by Rango. In the event of a
claim or accident caused by Kimly, any deductibles shall be borne by Kimly._

…

4\. **_Liability and Responsibilities_**

4.1 **_Sub-Contract_**

Rango shall observe, perform and comply with all the provisions of the Main
Contract as far as they relate to her Sub-Contract Works. Rango shall assume
towards Kimly, with respect to her work and all operations of the Sub-
Contract, all obligations and responsibilities that Kimly assume[s] towards
the Client/Consultants/Authorities as far as they are not repugnant to or
inconsistent with the expressed provision of the Sub-Contract.

…

…

4.4 **_Statutory Requirements_**

In addition to Rango’s compliance with the conditions, specification,
schedules and requirements issued under the Sub-Contract, Rango shall further
be required to have her performance as well as the Sub-Contract Work in
accordance with the laws of Singapore and in compliance with all relevant Acts
of Parliament, subsidiary legislation, laws, by-laws and with all rules,
regulations, directions, orders and guidelines of the Government or local
Authorities having authority or jurisdiction over performance and/or Sub-
Contract Works. _Failing which, Rango shall indemnify Kimly [against] all the
consequence imposed by these Authorities or arises therewith._

…

4.8 **_Indemnity_**

_Rango shall indemnify Kimly against all claims, damages, costs, expenses,
litigation or liabilities made against or incurred by Kimly, arising out of
Rango’s negligence, default or non/poor performance of her contractual duties
under the Sub-Contract._

…

[underlining and emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

7 The Sub-Contract between Rango and Kimly contained an express term (_viz_ ,
cl 4.8) that Rango would indemnify Kimly against “all claims, damages, costs,
expenses, litigation or liabilities made against or incurred by Kimly”[note:
4] arising out of Rango’s negligence or breach of the Sub-Contract. Unlike the
agreement between Rango and Kimly, which was reduced into writing in the form
of the Sub-Contract, Rango’s oral engagement of TJP on or around 15 August
2006 was not condensed into a written contract. Further, there is no evidence
of any agreement by TJP to indemnify Rango. On the evidence, no specific terms
were discussed between Rango and TJP. In particular, there was no discussion
of any term that TJP was to indemnify Rango. We find that there can be no
doubt that neither Rango nor TJP even remotely considered the issue of risk
allocation between themselves and non-parties to their contract in the event
that TJP was found wanting in the discharge of his professional obligations.

8 It is also undisputed that the fee which Rango paid TJP for his services was
just $716.

The structure of the Tower Crane

9 The Tower Crane was a saddle-jib crane. For our purposes, the critical
structural aspect of the Tower Crane was the mast anchor assembly (located at
the base of the mast), which comprised four mast anchors (also known as
foundation anchors or fixing angles) embedded in concrete. These were
identified as mast anchors #1 to #4 respectively. Each of the mast anchors had
five joints, identified as joints  _a_ to _e_ respectively. The four mast
anchors were in turn connected to the four legs of a mast section by pin-
joints. The mast of the Tower Crane comprised seven mast sections (identified
as masts #1 to #7 respectively) placed one on top of the other, with the mast
anchors at its base.[note: 5] It is undisputed that the component parts of the
Tower Crane, including the mast anchors, were supplied by Rango.

The erection of the Tower Crane

10 The Tower Crane was erected on 18 November 2006 and was used at the Project
Site from that date until it collapsed on 22 February 2008. Before it could be
used at the Project Site, certain requirements under the WSHA as well as the
Workplace Safety and Health (General Provisions) Regulations (Cap 354A, Rg 1,
2007 Rev Ed) (“the WSH Regulations”), read with the “Occupational Safety an[d]
Health Division Guidelines for the Submission for Use of Tower Crane in
Factory Premises” issued by the MOM on 26 May 2005 (“the 2005 MOM
Guidelines”), had to be met. For the purposes of this appeal, the relevant
version of the WSH Regulations is that which was in force before the
amendments introduced by the Workplace Safety and Health (General Provisions)
(Amendment) Regulations 2009 (No S 463/2009).

11 Prior to the erection of the Tower Crane on 18 November 2006, Feng had
prepared the design drawings and calculations according to which the Tower
Crane was eventually erected. These drawings had been submitted to the MOM on
14 September 2006 in order to seek its approval for the use and operation of
the Tower Crane. The MOM issued its approval on 29 September 2006, and Feng
proceeded to authorise the erection of the Tower Crane. On 9 November 2006,
Feng issued a Certificate of Supervision certifying that: (a) he had
supervised the foundation works for and the erection of the Tower Crane; (b)
the foundation works were structurally sound and complied with all the
requirements under the WSHA; and (c) the Tower Crane was safe for use.

12 It is undisputed that TJP carried out three inspections of the Tower Crane
as set out below:

(a) The first inspection was on 15 August 2006. As part of this inspection,
TJP engaged Hi Tech NDT Inspection Services (S) Pte Ltd (“Hi Tech”) to perform
non-destructive tests (“NDTs”) on certain critical parts of the Tower Crane
(but not the mast anchors). On 18 August 2006, prior to the erection of the
Tower Crane, TJP submitted a Third Party Inspection Report to the MOM
certifying that: (i) the critical parts of the Tower Crane had been checked
for surface flaws; (ii) thickness gauging had been conducted at various points
of the crane structure to ascertain the thickness of the metal used; and (iii)
the Tower Crane was of sound material and was suitable for use. This Third
Party Inspection Report had to be submitted together with the “USE OF TOWER
CRANE SUBMISSION CHECKLIST” in Appendix 1 of the 2005 MOM Guidelines[note: 6]
(“the Use of Tower Crane Checklist”) as the Tower Crane was more than eight
years old (see cl 3.3 of the 2005 MOM Guidelines).

(b) The second inspection was on 18 November 2006 after the Tower Crane had
been erected at the Project Site. TJP conducted a load test on the Tower
Crane, then signed a Lifting Equipment Certificate (prescribed in Appendix 5
of the 2005 MOM Guidelines) certifying that the Tower Crane: (i) had been
examined thoroughly as far as construction permitted; (ii) complied in all
respects with the requirements pertaining to lifting equipment as stipulated
under the WSH Regulations; and (iii) was safe for use.

(c) The third inspection was a further post-installation check on or around 20
November 2007. Thereafter, TJP signed a second Lifting Equipment Certificate
to the same effect as the first (see the preceding sub-paragraph).

The collapse of the Tower Crane

13 On 22 February 2008, the Tower Crane, after having been in use at the
Project Site for more than a year, collapsed. Part of the jib landed outside
the Project Site, hitting two trees, which in turn damaged a linkway, a bus
stop sign and a few motorcycles parked in the vicinity. The counterweight of
the Tower Crane landed on the roof of a substation, causing partial structural
damage to it. Of the three workers killed in the collapse, two were in the
Tower Crane’s cabin. Of these two, one was not an authorised crane operator.

Investigations into the cause of the collapse

14 Matcor Technology & Services Pte Ltd (“Matcor”), a consultancy company
providing services in forensic failure investigation, materials assessment and
advanced NDTs, was commissioned by Kimly to investigate the general condition
of the respective components of the Tower Crane and determine the presence of
any cracks that might have existed prior to the collapse. Matcor was also
commissioned by the MOM to investigate and report on the causes behind the
Tower Crane’s collapse. Matcor prepared seven reports in total, three for
Kimly and four for the MOM.

15 The three reports which Matcor prepared for Kimly were:

(a) Report No M08258 on the NDTs done on the masts of the Tower Crane;

(b) Report No M08259 on the NDTs done on the jibs, counter-jibs and A-frame of
the Tower Crane; and

(c) Report No M08260 analysing the cracked sections of the Tower Crane.

16 These three reports were exhibited in the affidavit of evidence-in-chief of
David Tay, Kimly’s expert witness. Unfortunately, none of these reports
addressed the primary cause of the Tower Crane’s collapse. Therefore, at the
trial in the court below, Kimly relied instead on one of the reports which
Matcor prepared for the MOM, _viz_ , Report No M08163 (“Report 163 (MOM)”).
This report observed the presence of pre-existing cracks in joint  _e_ of each
of the four mast anchors and joint  _b_ of mast anchor #4. It also observed
cracks and porosity in the columns of mast #1. (The cracks in the mast anchors
and mast #1 will hereafter be collectively referred to as “the Pre-Existing
Cracks”.) Report 163 (MOM), however, drew no conclusions as to the cause of
the Tower Crane’s collapse. The Judge in fact held that this report “bore the
appearance of a preliminary report before further testing was carried out”
(see the Decision at [17]).

17 Rango also referred to another report prepared by Matcor for the MOM, _viz_
, Report No M08209 (“Report 209 (MOM)”). This report stated in cl 3.0 (which
was entitled “Discussion”):[note: 7]

The primary failure was located at the pin-joints of the mast anchor assembly
which was not covered by non-destructive test or adequately inspected during
the pre-erection stage.

Report 209 (MOM) then went on to observe in the same clause:[note: 8]

… The erection submission document [_ie_ , the Third Party Inspection Report
which TJP submitted to the MOM on 18 August 2006 (see sub-para (a) of [12]
above)] had only a brief summary of the non-destructive test of the crane.
Non-destructive test (NDT) was supposed to be conducted on the critical parts
of the crane by [Hi Tech] during the pre[-]erection inspection. The submitted
NDT results, shown by marking on drawings, however did not cover the mast #1
and mast anchor assembly. The mast components and mast anchor assembly are
deemed as critical parts.

The proceedings below

18 Kimly brought an action against Rango for breach of the Sub-Contract,
averring that the collapse of the Tower Crane was due to and/or caused by
and/or contributed to by Rango’s breach of contract. Kimly averred that the
presence of the Pre-Existing Cracks was the primary cause of the collapse.

19 Rango then brought in TJP as a third party, alleging breach of contract and
negligence. Rango averred that TJP had breached his obligation to ensure that:
(a) the Tower Crane would be of good, proper and/or satisfactory quality,
reasonably fit for its purposes and/or safe for use; and (b) all necessary
tests were carried out. In particular, the breaches alleged against TJP were
the following:

(a) The first and primary breach was said to be TJP’s failure to conduct NDTs
on the mast anchors of the Tower Crane. Given that the alleged cause of the
Tower Crane’s collapse was the Pre-Existing Cracks, Rango contended that if
TJP had conducted NDTs on the mast anchors, he would have detected the Pre-
Existing Cracks and could have avoided the collapse.[note: 9]

(b) The second breach was said to be TJP’s complete failure to carry out the
pre-erection inspection required under cl 7.2 of the 2005 MOM
Guidelines.[note: 10] (Here, we should point out that under the 2005 MOM
Guidelines, a third-party inspection of a tower crane, such as that done by
TJP on 15 August 2006 (see sub-para (a) of [12] above), and the prescribed
pre-erection inspection are “2 different inspections done at 2 different
times”.)[note: 11]

20 Notably, neither Rango nor TJP alleged that the other had been
contributorily negligent.

21 As mentioned earlier (at [3] above), TJP subsequently brought in Feng and
FES as fourth parties.

22 The trial was heard over 11 days. At the close of Rango’s case, TJP, who
was then represented by different counsel, indicated to the Judge that he
wished to make a submission of “no case to answer” on the ground that Rango
had not proved its case against him. While TJP accepted that a submission of
“no case to answer” meant that he had to undertake not to call evidence
against Rango, he asserted that he remained entitled to call evidence against
Feng and FES should his submission be rejected. As all the other parties
submitted otherwise, TJP sought a preliminary ruling from the Judge on the
issue of whether he could proceed with his case against Feng and FES if his
submission of “no case to answer” failed (“the Preliminary Issue”). He
reserved his right to decide whether he would indeed make a submission of “no
case to answer” after hearing the Judge’s ruling on this issue.

23 After hearing the parties’ arguments on the Preliminary Issue, the Judge
ruled as follows (see the Decision at [55]):

(a) TJP had the right to make a submission of “no case to answer”;

(b) if TJP did indeed make this submission, he had to give an absolute
undertaking not to call any evidence against any of the parties, and had to
stand or fall by his submission;

(c) if the court agreed with TJP’s submission of “no case to answer”, Rango’s
claim against TJP would be dismissed;

(d) if, however, the court disagreed with TJP’s submission, judgment would be
entered for Rango against TJP (assuming judgment was given for Kimly against
Rango); and

(e) since TJP had to undertake not to call any evidence if he made a
submission of “no case to answer” (see sub-para (b) above), should his
submission fail, he could not proceed against Feng and FES and his claim
against them would be dismissed accordingly.

24 The Judge gave TJP time to consider his ruling on the Preliminary Issue and
make a decision as to whether or not to proceed to make a submission of “no
case to answer”. TJP subsequently informed the Judge that he elected to make
this submission on the terms set out by the Judge (see the Decision at [57]).

25 The Judge thereafter heard the parties’ closing submissions on the basis of
TJP’s “no case to answer” submission. Feng and FES did not make any closing
submissions because of TJP’s undertaking not to call any evidence against
them.

Parallel criminal proceedings

26 For the sake of completeness, it should be mentioned that the MOM has
charged TJP with an offence under reg 21(15)(_d_) of the WSH Regulations read
with reg 45 thereof for certifying that the Tower Crane was of sound material
and suitable for use without having first tested the mast anchors.[note: 12]
TJP has denied the offence and, at least at the time of the hearing before us,
the prosecution was still ongoing. At the time of the hearing before us, Lee
Tong Boon (the sole proprietor of Rango) was also being prosecuted by the MOM
for breaching his duty under s 16(1)(_b_) of the WSHA in failing to ensure
that the Tower Crane’s parts, including the mast anchors, were inspected and
properly maintained prior to the erection of the Tower Crane.[note: 13]

The decision below

The cause of the Tower Crane’s collapse

27 The Judge accepted that the cause of the Tower Crane’s collapse was the
presence of the Pre-Existing Cracks (see the Decision at [19]). He rejected,
on the evidence, TJP’s argument that the collapse could have been due to the
Tower Crane being operated by an unauthorised person, and that the Tower Crane
could have been carrying some load at the material time (see the Decision at
[20]).

Liability as between Kimly and Rango

28 Rango’s liability to Kimly was not really in issue at the trial because
Rango did not seriously contest its liability to Kimly. Rather, it merely
sought an indemnity in its favour against TJP. Accordingly, the Judge held (at
[26] of the Decision) that Rango was liable to Kimly. He then allowed Kimly’s
various heads of damages as set out at sub-para (d) of [4] of the Decision.
These amounted to $566,691.09 in total (computed as explained at [27]–[34] of
the Decision). Interest on this sum at the rate of 5.33% per annum was awarded
from 3 November 2008 (the date on which Kimly commenced its action against
Rango) to the date of payment (see [35] of the Decision). Rango has not
appealed against the Judge’s finding of liability and thus remains bound by
the Judge’s finding that it is liable to pay Kimly $566,691.09 plus interest.
The Judge also ordered Rango to pay Kimly costs (to be taxed or agreed) on the
standard basis until 3 September 2010, and thereafter, on an indemnity basis
by virtue of an offer to settle from Kimly which was not accepted by Rango.

29 Kimly and Rango adopted the same position with regard to the cause of the
Tower Crane’s collapse. Their expert witnesses agreed that the mast anchors
had not been inspected or tested prior to the erection of the Tower Crane, and
that it was TJP who was responsible for this lapse. This leads to the next
issue of liability, _ie_ , as between Rango and TJP.

Liability as between Rango and TJP

30 As between Rango and TJP, the Judge found (at [45] of the Decision) that
there was a case for TJP to answer as:

… [T]he cause of the collapse was not due to a supervening event. In the light
of the matters set out earlier [at [24]–[25] and [40]–[44] of the Decision],
there was clearly a case for [TJP] to answer. He had to rebut both [Kimly’s
and Rango’s] expert witnesses’ conclusion as to the cause of the collapse and
that he was negligent in his duty of inspection. He had failed to discredit
their findings or to make them change their mind in cross-examination. …

The Judge then found that TJP was obliged to indemnify Rango in respect of its
liability to Kimly. His reasoning was as follows. First, the Judge found that
the evidence before him showed that the cause of the Tower Crane’s collapse
was the Pre-Existing Cracks, and that TJP was liable for the failure to detect
those cracks. Based on this evidence, there was a case for TJP to answer.
Second, since TJP had given an undertaking not to call any evidence in (_inter
alia_) his defence against Rango should his submission of “no case to answer”
fail, the Judge found TJP liable to indemnify Rango in respect of its
liability to Kimly. With respect, we do not follow this reasoning as the
second finding by the Judge (_vis-à-vis_ TJP’s liability to indemnify Rango)
does not flow from the first finding (_vis-à-vis_ TJP’s failure to detect the
Pre-Existing Cracks). We observe that there was no legal analysis by the Judge
as to why TJP was obliged to “indemnify” Rango, nor was there any examination
as to the nature and content of this “indemnity”. In other words, the key
issue of the legal basis of TJP’s alleged obligation to indemnify Rango was
_not_ considered by the Judge, who seemed to implicitly accept that an
obligation on TJP’s part to indemnify Rango automatically sprung from TJP’s
liability for the collapse of the Tower Crane, which collapse occurred due to
TJP’s breach of his statutory duties as an AE.

Liability as between TJP and Feng and FES

31 By virtue of TJP’s undertaking not to call any evidence against Feng and
FES as well should his submission of “no case to answer” fail, the Judge
dismissed his claim against them for an indemnity and/or contribution.

The overall result

32 Overall, therefore, the Judge found TJP liable to indemnify Rango in
respect of all sums which Rango had to pay Kimly pursuant to the Decision. TJP
was also ordered to pay Rango costs (to be taxed or agreed) on the standard
basis until 6 September 2010, and thereafter, on an indemnity basis by virtue
of an offer to settle from Rango which was not accepted by TJP.

33 TJP was ordered to pay Feng costs (to be taxed or agreed) on the standard
basis up to 2 August 2010, and thereafter, on an indemnity basis by virtue of
an offer to settle from Feng which was not accepted by TJP. TJP was also
ordered to pay FES costs (to be taxed or agreed) on the standard basis (FES
did not make any offer to settle).

The parties’ arguments on appeal

34 In the present appeal, TJP is challenging the Decision on four main
grounds, _viz_ :

(a) the expert evidence was problematic on various grounds (and therefore
presumably did not make out a _prima facie_ case against TJP);[note: 14]

(b) TJP owed no obligation to indemnify Rango in respect of its liability to
Kimly;[note: 15]

(c) the losses claimed by Kimly were too remote;[note: 16] and

(d) the losses claimed by Kimly were not proved.[note: 17]

35 For the sake of clarity, we should mention that in the parties’ submissions
for this appeal:

(a) Kimly has responded to grounds (a), (c) and (d);

(b) Rango has responded primarily to grounds (a)[note: 18] and (b),[note: 19]
and has only commented briefly on grounds (c)[note: 20] and (d);[note: 21] and

(c) Feng and FES have not addressed TJP’s objections to the Decision, and have
simply submitted that the Judge was correct to find that TJP could not proceed
against them in the court below because of his undertaking not to call any
evidence against them should his submission of “no case to answer” fail.

The issues before this court

36 As the parties raised many issues, both legal and factual, before this
court, we should explain why, in our view, this appeal boils down to only one
crucial issue. There are technically two broad issues that arise in this
appeal, namely: (a) whether the Judge erred in finding that Rango had
established a case for TJP to answer; and (b) assuming that the Judge was
correct in so ruling, whether he erred in finding that TJP could not seek an
indemnity and/or contribution from Feng and FES. However, issue (b) is not a
live issue because TJP is not challenging this part of the Decision. In any
case, since TJP explicitly gave an undertaking not to call any evidence
against (_inter alia_) Feng and FES pursuant to the Judge’s ruling on the
Preliminary Issue (which undertaking was given after TJP had had time to
consider his course of action in the light of that ruling), it is clear that
TJP has no basis to appeal as far as issue (b) is concerned. _The only live
issue before us is therefore_ _issue (a)_ , which comprises the following
questions:

(a) whether the evidence supports Rango’s case that had TJP inspected the mast
anchors prior to the erection of the Tower Crane, the collapse of the Tower
Crane could have been avoided (referred to hereafter as “the Factual
Question”); and

(b) whether TJP is under a legal obligation to indemnify Rango in respect of
its liability to Kimly (referred to hereafter as “the Legal Question”).

37 It is important to note that _because TJP made a submission of “no case to
answer” in the court below, the threshold against which the above questions
are to be assessed is that of whether a_ prima facie _case has been
established_ _by Rango against TJP, and not that of whether a case against TJP
has been established on a balance of probabilities_. This is because a
submission of “no case to answer” by a defendant succeeds if: (a) the
plaintiff’s evidence, _at face value_ , does not establish a case in law; or
(b) the evidence led by the plaintiff is so unsatisfactory or unreliable that
his burden of proof has not been discharged (see _Bansal Hemant Govindprasad
and another v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 33).

38 Counsel canvassed both the Factual Question and the Legal Question before
us, particularly the Factual Question. That question goes to a determination
of the cause of the Tower Crane’s collapse, specifically, whether the cause
was the Pre-Existing Cracks and whether TJP could have discovered those cracks
by carrying out the necessary tests. With respect, we felt that counsel, in
their enthusiasm to answer the Factual Question, neglected to adequately
address the Legal Question, which, in our view, lies at the heart of this
appeal. This is because _even if all the evidential issues are resolved
against TJP where the Factual Question is concerned_ , Rango’s case against
TJP would still fail if there is no legal basis to find that TJP owes an
obligation to indemnify Rango in respect of its liability to Kimly. _This
appeal therefore ultimately depends on_ _one narrow question_ : taking Rango’s
case at its highest, assuming that all factual disputes are resolved in its
favour where the Factual Question is concerned, has Rango established a _prima
facie_ legal basis for TJP to indemnify it in respect of its liability to
Kimly? In our view, Rango’s case, taken at its highest, merely proves that TJP
breached his duties under the WSH Regime by failing to inspect the mast
anchors before the erection of the Tower Crane. However, even if this is
accepted, _it is a separate and further question whether this breach of
statutory duty by TJP as an AE_ _necessarily results in his having_ _a civil
obligation to indemnify Rango in respect of its liability to Kimly._ We will
now explain why.

Our decision

Overview

39 Rango’s pleaded case against TJP, as set out in its statement of claim
against the latter in the third-party proceedings (“Rango’s Statement of Claim
against TJP”), rested on the following alternative legal bases:

(a) “an express or implied contractual … right”[note: 22] to an indemnity from
TJP in respect of its (Rango’s) liability to Kimly;

(b) “other right”[note: 23] to such an indemnity; and

(c) contribution under s 15 of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed).[note:
24]

Of these three alternative legal bases, Rango actively pursued only the first
two at the trial. For the sake of completeness, we ought to also mention that
in addition to the aforesaid legal grounds, Rango further included in its
pleadings a claim for damages “under contract or alternatively under
tort”,[note: 25] but likewise did not proceed with this head of claim at the
trial.

40 TJP’s counsel in the present appeal rightly pointed out that the Judge did
not state which of the above legal grounds formed the basis of his decision
that TJP was under a civil obligation to indemnify Rango.[note: 26] Before us,
it was s 15 of the Civil Law Act (“the s 15 ground”) that took centre stage,
and it will therefore be the primary focus of this judgment. Indeed, the s 15
ground probably assumed primacy for good reason, _viz_ – the other two grounds
can be disposed of quite quickly, as we will explain before we turn to analyse
the issues arising under the s 15 ground.

41 Before we embark on our analysis proper of the various legal grounds
pleaded by Rango, it is useful to highlight the implications of Rango’s claim
that it is entitled to be indemnified by TJP. An unhappy feature of this case
is that because of the way in which the proceedings evolved during the trial,
there were significant gaps in the facts established in the court below. Even
assuming the Judge was right to find, on the evidence, that the Tower Crane’s
collapse was caused by the Pre-Existing Cracks, it is far from clear how and
why the _Pre-Existing_ Cracks were present in the first place. The precise
extent of liability which Rango should bear for the Tower Crane’s collapse is
therefore correspondingly unclear. Only after querying counsel did we learn
that there is no evidence on record as to the history of the Tower Crane’s
prior usage before its installation at the Project Site; neither is there
evidence as to when, during its previous usage, it had been inspected or
certified and by whom. These are all obvious matters that ought to have been
fleshed out in the course of the trial. Nevertheless, even though we do not
know the exact details, on the evidence before us, we can be certain that the
component parts of the Tower Crane, including the mast anchors, were not new
and did have a history of prior usage. As mentioned at [26] above, we also
have it on record that Lee Tong Boon (Rango’s sole proprietor) is, by Rango’s
own admission, being prosecuted by the MOM for breaching his duty under s
16(1)(_b_) of the WSHA[note: 27] (s 16(1)(_b_) provides that a person who,
_inter alia_ , supplies any machinery for use at work is under a duty to
ensure, so far as reasonably practicable, “that the machinery ... is safe, and
without risk to health, when properly used”). Further, it is clear to us that
TJP _certainly was not responsible for the existence of_ _the Pre-Existing
Cracks – the wrong alleged on his part is his failure to detect the Pre-
Existing Cracks, which were present because another party had failed in its
responsibility to ensure_ _that those defects_ _ought not to have been there
in the first place._ The necessary wider implication of Rango’s claim to be
entitled to an indemnity from TJP in this case (a point which may not have
been appreciated by the Judge) is that regardless of what the primary cause of
a defect in a tower crane is, once an AE breaches his statutory duty and fails
to detect that defect, all legal liability for any damage resulting from that
defect falls on the AE to the exclusion of any other party who might be
responsible (whether partly or wholly) for the presence of that defect. _On
this analysis, the outcome reached in the court below is, tersely put, an
astonishing result, particularly since the same outcome would occur even if
the person claiming an indemnity from the AE is himself entirely responsible
for the presence of the defect in question._ We will bear this in mind as we
examine the various legal bases pleaded by Rango in support of its claim
against TJP.

The legal bases pleaded by Rango against TJP

Express or implied contractual right to an indemnity

42 As mentioned at sub-para (a) of [39] above, the first legal basis pleaded
by Rango in support of its claim against TJP was that of an express or implied
contractual right to an indemnity from TJP in respect of its (Rango’s)
liability to Kimly. It is undisputed that the oral contract between TJP and
Rango contained no express obligation of indemnity. Any express contractual
right to an indemnity can therefore be immediately dismissed. The only
question is whether a term as to indemnity can be implied into this oral
contract. We find that it cannot. It is trite that a term will be implied into
a contract only if it is so necessary that all the contracting parties must
have intended its inclusion in the contract. In the present case, as stated
earlier (at [7] above), from the circumstances surrounding the conclusion of
the oral contract between TJP and Rango, we find that neither party even
remotely considered the issue of risk allocation between themselves and non-
parties to their contract in the event that TJP was found wanting in the
discharge of his professional obligations. It also cannot be said that TJP was
privy to or “knew or ought to have known”[note: 28] [emphasis in original
omitted] of Rango’s contract with Kimly (_viz_ , the Sub-Contract), in
particular, of Rango’s obligation to indemnify Kimly in respect of (_inter
alia_) any damage suffered by Kimly. This was a significant part of Rango’s
case in the court below, which does not seem to have been resurrected on
appeal. In any case, as TJP’s counsel has rightly pointed out, [note: 29] this
argument is tenuous because TJP was engaged by Rango nearly two weeks _before_
Kimly and Rango executed the Sub-Contract, which included the term that
imposed on Rango its obligation to indemnify Kimly. It would thus not be
within the reasonable contemplation of TJP that he was assuming liability to
indemnify Rango in respect of its liability to Kimly. We also observe that an
obligation to indemnify is an onerous one, and the courts will be slow to
imply such an obligation into a contract as it goes against commercial logic
to have an implied term on indemnity without laying down properly defined
parameters for the purported indemnity. While Rango pleaded an alternative
claim for damages “under contract or alternatively under tort”,[note: 30] this
claim was (as mentioned at [39] above) not pursued at the trial (nor in this
appeal), and we thus see no need to address it in this judgment.

“Other” right to an indemnity

43 Other than either an express or an implied contractual right to an
indemnity from TJP, Rango also relied in the court below on a so-called
equitable “assumed promise” to indemnify.[note: 31] To this end, Rango cited
the Privy Council case of _Eastern Shipping Company, Limited v Quah Beng Kee_
[1924] AC 177 (“ _Eastern Shipping_ ”) and the (Singapore) High Court case of
_Hygeian Medical Supplies Pte Ltd v Tri-Star Rotary Screen Engraving Works Pte
Ltd (Seng Wing Engineering Works Pte Ltd, third party)_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 411 (“
_Hygeian_ ”).

44 The principles for determining when an equitable “assumed promise” to
indemnify may be found can be gleaned from a brief examination of the
aforesaid authorities. _Eastern Shipping_ recognised (at 182–183) that an
obligation to indemnify, apart from arising from contract, could also arise
from statute or from an equitable duty to indemnify stemming from “ _an
assumed promise by a person to do that which, under the circumstances, he
ought to do_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Eastern Shippin_ g at 182). This
equitable duty to indemnify may be found where the parties stand in a
relationship of trustee and _cestui que trust_ to each other (see _Birmingham
and District Land Company v London and North Western Railway Company_ (1887)
34 Ch 261 at 271). In such cases, the trustee may claim an indemnity from the
_cestui que trust_ , and _vice versa_ (see _Eastern Shipping_ at 182–184). The
notion that such an equitable obligation can be imposed when one party stands
in a fiduciary relationship to another was expanded in _Checkpoint Fluidic
Systems International Ltd v Marine Hub Pte Ltd and Another Appeal_ [2009] SGHC
134, which was an appeal to the High Court against a district judge’s finding
that an equitable right to an indemnity had arisen in favour of the respondent
against the appellant in view of the fact that the transaction in question had
been entered into by the respondent for the appellant’s benefit. This finding
was upheld by the High Court. While _Hygeian_ neither cited _Eastern Shipping_
nor explicitly mentioned the doctrine of the equitable “assumed promise” to
indemnify, there is arguably implicit recognition of this doctrine in the
finding in that case that the third party was to indemnify the defendant.

45 We find that both _Eastern Shipping_ and _Hygeian_ are readily
distinguishable from the present case. In both of those cases, the third
party’s acts were the primary – indeed, the _only_ – cause of the respective
defendants’ liability to the respective plaintiffs. In _Eastern Shipping_ , it
was the third party’s wrongful act in instructing a ship to berth at the
plaintiff’s wharf that caused the defendant to be liable to the plaintiff. The
defendant itself had not committed any wrongful act, and there was no other
cause leading to the defendant being liable to the plaintiff. Similarly, in
_Hygeian_ , the defendant would not have been liable to the plaintiff but for
the wrongful act of the third party, which caused the defendant’s premises to
discharge water into the plaintiff’s premises and flood them. By contrast, it
would be a stretch to say, in the present case, that TJP’s wrongful conduct
was the sole reason for Rango being placed in a position of liability _vis-à-
vis_ Kimly, and that it is therefore necessary in equity to assume a promise
on TJP’s part to indemnify Rango. TJP’s failure to _detect_ the Pre-Existing
Cracks is hardly analogous to the acts of the third parties in _Eastern
Shipping_ and _Hygeian_ , especially since it is plausible that the Pre-
Existing Cracks may have been the consequences of Rango’s own wrongful acts or
omissions. Further, another distinguishing factor in _Eastern Shipping_ is
that the third party in that case stood in a _fiduciary relationship_ to the
defendant who incurred liability to the plaintiff as a result of the third
party’s actions (see _Eastern Shipping_ at 183). While the third party in
_Eastern Shipping_ was not a trustee in the full sense of the word, he was a
trustee of his powers such that he stood in a fiduciary relationship to the
defendant in respect of his exercise of those powers. As noted in the
preceding paragraph, the presence of a fiduciary relationship is one of the
touchstones for the imposition of an equitable “assumed promise” to indemnify.
This feature is missing in the present case as it is difficult to see how TJP
can be said to be in a fiduciary relationship _vis-à-vis_ Rango.

Section 15 of the Civil Law Act

46 We now turn to the s 15 ground, which is the mainstay of Rango’s attempt to
uphold the Judge’s decision that it is entitled to be indemnified by TJP in
respect of its liability to Kimly. Section 15(1) of the Civil Law Act states:

Subject to subsections (2) to (5), any person liable in respect of any damage
suffered by another person may recover contribution from any other person
liable _in respect of the same damage_ (whether jointly with him or
otherwise). [emphasis added]

(1) The legislative backdrop

47 In interpreting s 15(1) of the Civil Law Act, we will consider the mischief
that this section is intended to cure. In this regard, it is helpful to
examine the legislative history of s 1(1) of the Civil Liability
(Contribution) Act 1978 (c 47) (UK) (“the 1978 UK Act”), upon which s 15(1) of
our Civil Law Act (referred to hereafter as “our s 15(1)” where appropriate to
the context) is based. Section 1(1) of the 1978 UK Act provides:

Subject to the following provisions of this section, any person liable in
respect of any damage suffered by another person may recover contribution from
any other person liable in respect of the same damage (whether jointly with
him or otherwise).

As can be seen, this provision is _in pari materia_ with our s 15(1).

48 In the House of Lords case of _Royal Brompton Hospital NHS Trust v Hammond
and others (Taylor Woodrow Construction (Holdings) Ltd, Part 20 defendant)_
[2002] 1 WLR 1397 (“ _Royal Brompton_ ”), Lord Bingham of Cornhill discussed
the legislative history of s 1(1) of the 1978 UK Act. He noted (at [3]) that
the Law Revision Committee, in its Third Interim Report (Cmd 4637) of July
1934, had addressed the difficulty faced by one tortfeasor in getting
contribution from the other tortfeasor(s) at common law. Lord Bingham then
went on to note:

3 ... In paragraph 7 of its report the committee said:

“We think that the common law rule should be altered as speedily as possible.
The simplest way of altering the law would seem to be to follow the lines of
section 37(3) of the Companies Act [1929 (c 23) (UK)], and to give a right of
contribution in the case of wrongs as in cases of contract. If this were done,
joint tortfeasors in the strict sense would be given a right of contribution
inter se. We think, however, that such a right might with advantage also be
conferred where the tort is not joint ([_ie_], the same act committed by
several persons) but where the same damage is caused to the plaintiff by the
separate wrongful acts of several persons. This is the position which
frequently arises where the plaintiff sustains a single damage from the
combined negligence of two motor car drivers, and recovers judgment against
both ... We think therefore that when two persons each contribute to the same
damage suffered by a third the one who pays more than his share should be
entitled to recover contribution from the other.”

The committee included the following among its recommendations:

“(II) Any person who is adjudged to be liable to make any payment ... in
respect of an actionable wrong may recover contribution ... from any other
person who has been made liable in respect of the same wrong, or who, if sued
separately, would have been so liable, unless ... [_sic_] (III) Where two or
more persons have committed independent wrongful acts which have been the
cause of the same damage they shall have the same right to contribution among
themselves but subject to the same exception as in the case of persons liable
in respect of the same wrong.”

Effect was given to these recommendations in section 6(1)(c) of the Law Reform
(Married Women and Tortfeasors) Act 1935 [(c 30) (UK) (“the 1935 UK Act”)] ...

4 The Law Revision Committee’s Third Interim Report and section 6(1)(c) [of
the 1935 UK Act] were directed only to the liability, as between each other,
of those who had committed tortious acts, whether jointly or concurrently.
This limited field of application came in time to be recognised as a weakness,
for section 6(1)(c) did not apply to wrongdoers other than tortfeasors and did
not apply if only one of the wrongdoers was a tortfeasor. This was one of the
weaknesses addressed by the Law Commission in its Report on Contribution (Law
Com No 79) published in March 1977. A number of recommendations were made with
the main aim of widening the jurisdiction given to the courts by the 1935 [UK]
Act (paragraph 81) and specific recommendations were made:

“(a) … that statutory rights of contribution should not be confined, as at
present, to cases where damage is suffered as a result of a tort, but should
cover cases where it is suffered as a result of tort, breach of contract,
breach of trust or other breach of duty ... (d) ... that the statutory right
to recover contribution should be available to any person liable in respect of
the damage, not just persons liable in tort ...”

In the draft bill appended to its report the Law Commission proposed a
subsection (in clause 3(1)) which differed from section 1(1) of the 1978 [UK]
Act quoted at the outset of this opinion only in its reference to the time
when the damage occurred, a reference which has been omitted in the subsection
as enacted. The words which I have emphasised at the outset were included in
the Law Commission draft. Section 1(1) of the 1978 [UK] Act is supplemented by
section 6(1) [of the same Act]:

“A person is liable in respect of any damage for the purposes of this Act if
the person who suffered it ... is entitled to recover compensation from him in
respect of that damage (whatever the legal basis of his liability, whether
tort, breach of contract, breach of trust or otherwise).”

This differs more obviously, at least in wording, from the interpretation
clause proposed by the Law Commission:

“(1) For the purposes of this Act — (a) a person is liable in respect of any
damage if he is subject to a duty enforceable by action to compensate for that
damage, whether or not he has in fact been held to be so liable in any action
actually brought against him; and (b) it is immaterial whether he is liable in
respect of a tort, breach of contract, breach of trust or on any other ground
whatsoever which gives rise to a cause of action against him in respect of the
damage in question.”

5 It is plain beyond argument that one important object of the 1978 [UK] Act
was to widen the classes of person between whom claims for contribution would
lie and to enlarge the hitherto restricted category of causes of action
capable of giving rise to such a claim. It is, however, as I understand, _a
constant theme of the law of contribution from the beginning that B’s claim to
share with others his liability to A rests upon the fact that they (whether
equally with B or not)_ are _subject to a common liability_ _to A_. I find
nothing in section 6(1)(c) of the 1935 [UK] Act or in section 1(1) of the 1978
[UK] Act, or in the reports which preceded those Acts, which in any way
weakens that requirement. Indeed both sections, by using the words “ _in
respect of the same damage_ ”, emphasise the need for one loss to be
apportioned among those liable.

[emphasis added]

(2) The crucial question

49 From this brief examination of the legislative developments which gave rise
to s 1(1) of the 1978 UK Act, it is clear that the essence of that provision
(and correspondingly, our s 15(1)) is whether the person from whom
contribution is sought and the person claiming contribution are liable in
respect of “the same damage”. The relevant test for deciding whether TJP and
Rango are liable for “the same damage” in the present case is the three-step
test established in _Royal Brompton_ at [6], which may, for our purposes, be
stated as follows:

(a) What damage was suffered by Kimly as a result of the Tower Crane’s
collapse?

(b) Is Rango liable to Kimly in respect of that damage?

(c) Is TJP also liable to Kimly in respect of that very “same damage” or some
of it?

In order words, for the s 15 ground to be made out, it must be established
that TJP was liable not only to Rango (whether in tort or in contract) for the
damage caused by the Tower Crane’s collapse, but also to _Kimly_ for that same
damage, _ie_ , Rango needs to show that TJP _directly_ owed Kimly a duty of
care at common law.

50 The crucial question (“the Crucial Question”), therefore, is whether an AE,
in the discharge of his statutory duties _vis-à-vis_ the use of a tower crane
at a factory and/or worksite (referred to hereafter as a “workplace” for
short), owes a duty of care at common law to the main contractor who will
ultimately be using the tower crane (in this case, Kimly), _even though the AE
is engaged not by the main contractor but by the sub-contractor_ renting out
the tower crane to the main contractor (in this case, Rango). After the
hearing before us on 7 July 2011, we reserved judgment and directed the
parties to file:

(a) any information and/or materials available in the record of proceedings
and/or in the public record on the background and/or policy of the 2005 MOM
Guidelines; and

(b) authorities showing how the courts have construed the duty of care imposed
on inspectors in positions analogous to the position of the AE under the WSH
Regime.

The parties submitted the aforesaid materials and their further submissions on
these materials on and around 4 August 2011. We turn now to consider the
Crucial Question in the light of these materials and submissions.

(3) The general test for imposing a common law duty of care

51 As this court stated in _Animal Concerns Research & Education Society v Tan
Boon Kwee_ [2011] 2 SLR 146 (“ _Animal Concerns_ ”) at [22]:

… _A statutory duty does not_ ipso facto _impose a concomitant duty of care at
common law._ A statutory duty may, of course, form the backdrop to and inform
the existence (or lack thereof) of a common law duty of care (see, for
example, [_X (Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council_ [1995] 2 AC 633] at 739),
but that does not mean the statutory duty _per se_ is a duty of care, _even if
it is phrased (as here) in terms of requiring the taking of “reasonable steps”
and “due diligence”_. [emphasis added]

52 Rather, to establish a common law duty of care, the general test set out in
_Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Defence Science & Technology Agency_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 100 (“ _Spandeck_ ”) must be fulfilled. This test (“the
_Spandeck_ test”) comprises two limbs (see _Spandeck_ at [73] and _Animal
Concerns_ at [29]). First, it must be shown that there is “sufficient _legal_
proximity between the claimant and [the] defendant for a duty of care to
arise” [emphasis in original] (see _Spandeck_ at [77]). If such a relationship
of proximity is established, a _prima facie_ duty of care arises. Second, the
court will then apply policy considerations to the factual matrix of the
particular case at hand to determine whether the _prima facie_ duty of care is
negated (see _Spandeck_ at [83]). In this regard, there must be no policy
considerations which negate, reduce or limit the scope of the duty or the
class of persons to whom it is owed or the damages recoverable for a breach of
that duty.

53 Under the first limb of the _Spandeck_ test, one of the many factors taken
into consideration is the existence of a statutory duty. However, as amply
clarified in _Animal Concerns_ , the mere existence of a statutory duty owed
by the defendant to the relevant authorities is _not_ in itself conclusive in
establishing that the defendant owes a common law duty of care to the
plaintiff. As for the second limb of the _Spandeck_ test, one important policy
consideration that the courts will evaluate in determining whether a
particular statutory duty gives rise to a concomitant common law duty of care
is that the imposition of the alleged common law duty of care _should not be
inconsistent with the statutory scheme concerned and the statutory duties owed
under that scheme_ (see _Harris v Evans and Another_ [1998] 1 WLR 1285 at
1297, applying _X (Minors) v Bedfordshire County Council_ [1995] 2 AC 633).

54 Several general principles inform the law in this area. First, the party
seeking to establish that a private right of action exists for a breach of
statutory duty must show that Parliament, in imposing the statutory duty in
question to protect the members of a class, intended those members to have
such a right of action. Here, it must also be borne in mind that such right is
not immediately established just because a statute is intended to protect a
particular class of persons. Ordinarily, something more is required to
demonstrate a statutory intention to confer a private right of action. In
matters where the statute’s objective is to protect the public in general,
exceptionally clear language will be required before an intention to confer a
private remedy for a breach of statutory duty can be established. Second, a
concurrent common law duty of care may be found alongside a statutory duty
imposed by subsidiary legislation provided there are clear indications that
the primary legislation contemplates the creation of such a common law duty.
Third, while the existence of a statutory remedy for a breach of statutory
duty is relevant and may suggest the absence of a private right of action for
such breach, it is not in itself decisive (see _Charlesworth & Percy on
Negligence_ (Christopher Walton gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) at
paras 12-43–12-44). Similarly, the existence of a statutory sanction for a
breach of statutory duty neither necessarily nor conclusively indicates that
the Legislature intended to preclude a private right of action for such breach
(see, _eg_ , _Animal Concerns_ at [81]). Fourth, we caution that in this
complex area of the law, formulas are not helpful. While the general
principles stated here may help in terms of setting out relevant factors for
consideration, they are mere guidelines and will not yield answers as to
whether a common law duty of care exists alongside a statutory duty _in a
particular case_. The variety of statutory duties and the different objects
which different statutes are directed at make it impossible to have a
universal formula. Each statute will have to be considered contextually, and
precedents will illuminate only infrequently the right legal path to be taken.
Fifth, we emphasise that the underlying statutory scheme and the parliamentary
intention behind the enactment of that scheme are not controlling factors in
determining whether an alleged common law duty of care exists concurrently
with a statutory duty, but rather go towards _negating_ the alleged common law
duty of care (_ie_ , these factors are considered under the second limb of the
_Spandeck_ test, rather than under the first limb).

55 Turning to the factual matrix before us, to determine whether TJP owed a
common law duty of care to Kimly, it is important to first establish what
exactly the office of the AE entails. We are aware that our decision on the
existence or otherwise of concurrent civil liability is a point of
significance that goes far beyond the instant case, with implications across
the WSH Regime. We will thus consider the issue framed in broader terms,
specifically, in the form of the Crucial Question as defined at [50] above. In
essence, this question requires us to determine whether an AE, in the
discharge of his statutory functions, owes a common law duty of care to a
person to whom he owes no contractual obligation. As the office of the AE is
purely a statutory creation under the WSH Regime, we will need to decide
whether the imposition of such a common law duty of care is consistent with
the statutory scheme.

(4) The office of the AE under the WSH Regime

56 Pursuant to s 7(3) of the WSHA, the Commissioner for Workplace Safety and
Health (“the Commissioner”) may appoint “such number of persons as inspectors,
and such number of other persons as authorised officers, as may be necessary
to assist the Commissioner in the administration of [the WSHA]”. Section 8 of
the WSHA provides (_inter alia_) that every inspector and authorised officer
appointed under s 7 shall be deemed to be a public servant within the meaning
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed). The specific office of the AE is
first mentioned in s 32 of the WSHA under Pt VII (which is headed “Safety and
Health Management Arrangements”). Section 32 provides that no person shall act
as (_inter alia_) an AE without the approval of the Commissioner:

**Requirement for approval of Commissioner to Act**

**32**. No person shall act as —

(_a_) an authorised examiner for the purpose of carrying out any prescribed
examination or test of any —

(i) hoist or lift;

(ii) lifting gear;

(iii) lifting appliance or lifting machine;

(iv) steam boiler;

(v) steam receiver;

(vi) air receiver;

(vii) refrigerating plant pressure receiver;

(viii) pressure vessel; or

(ix) any other machinery required by this Act to be examined or tested by an
authorised examiner;

...

(referred to in this Part as an authorised person) except with the approval of
the Commissioner.

57 Sections 33, 34 and 35 of the WSHA set out, respectively, the application
process for obtaining the Commissioner’s approval to act as an “authorised
person” (which expression includes an AE), the duration of such approval and
the grounds upon which the Commissioner may suspend or cancel such approval.
Acting as an AE without the approval of the Commissioner is an offence
punishable by a fine not exceeding $5,000 or imprisonment for a term not
exceeding six months or both (see s 38 of the WSHA).

58 The WSHA itself does not precisely spell out the duties of an AE. These
duties are instead fleshed out under the WSH Regulations and the 2005 MOM
Guidelines. Regulation 21(15) of the WSH Regulations provides as follows:

It shall be the duty of an authorised examiner to —

(_a_) issue and sign a certificate, in a form determined by the Commissioner,
of the result of the examination referred to in [reg 21(3)];

(_b_) provide the certificate referred to in sub-paragraph (a) to the occupier
of the factory;

(_c_) inform the Commissioner —

(i) as soon as is reasonably practicable, if the examination shows that the
lifting appliance or lifting machine cannot continue to be used safely unless
repairs are made; or

(ii) in any other case, within 28 days of the completion of the examination,
of the results of the examination in a manner acceptable to the Commissioner;
and

(_d_) exercise all due diligence in making any certification or in conducting
any test or examination of any lifting appliance or lifting machine under this
regulation.

59 An examination of the WSH Regime reveals that the office of the AE is an
integral component of the statutory framework. Under reg 21(1) of the WSH
Regulations, no lifting appliance or lifting machine (which includes a tower
crane) shall be used unless an AE has both: (a) tested and examined it; and
(b) issued and signed a certificate of test and examination specifying its
safe working load. If the lifting appliance or lifting machine in question has
not been so examined and tested, the Commissioner may serve a remedial order
or a stop-work order under s 21 of the WSHA.

60 Before the MOM will grant approval for the use of a tower crane at a
workplace, the Use of Tower Crane Checklist (see sub-para (a) of [12] above)
must be filled in and submitted with eight other documents to the MOM’s
Occupational Safety Department at least 30 days ahead of the proposed
installation date.[note: 32] At this stage, the AE is involved in the
preparation of two of the eight documents that must be submitted to the MOM,
_viz_ , the Third Party Inspection Report (required only in cases where cll
3.1–3.3 of the 2005 MOM Guidelines apply),[note: 33] and layout plans showing
the zones of influence and affected areas.[note: 34] If the submission is in
order, the MOM will then endorse and return a copy of the layout plan to the
occupier or owner of the workplace (“the occupier/owner”).[note: 35] Upon this
endorsement, the occupier/owner must again engage an AE to check the parts of
the tower crane according to the MOM’s “Checklist for Inspection & Testing of
Tower Crane” (provided in Appendix 6 of the 2005 MOM Guidelines)[note:
36]_before_ erecting the tower crane (referred to hereafter as “the Pre-
Erection Inspection”). The AE must also test the tower crane another time
_after_ it has been erected (referred to hereafter as “the Post-Erection
Inspection”).

61 The scope of the AE’s statutory duties _vis-à-vis_ the use of a tower crane
at a workplace can therefore be seen to span three distinct stages, namely:
(a) the stage where the occupier/owner applies for the MOM’s approval to use
the tower crane on the basis of the Use of Tower Crane Checklist and its
accompanying documents; (b) the Pre-Erection Inspection stage; and (c) the
Post-Erection Inspection stage. Therefore, in so far as TJP argues that the
statutory purpose behind an AE’s duties is merely to “give assurance to [the]
MOM that approval [can] be granted for the installation of the [t]ower
[c]rane”,[note: 37] this is plainly wrong because this touches on only the
first of the three stages of an AE’s statutory duties. The AE’s statutory
duties are much broader than that. That said, the breadth of these duties is
not an indicator of the coexistence of a private claim in the event of a
breach by an AE of his statutory duties. Therefore, we must examine what the
WSH Regime has to say about the existence of a concurrent private claim for a
breach of statutory duty.

(5) Statutory materials on the existence (or otherwise) of a concurrent civil
claim for a breach of statutory duty under the WSH Regime

62 According to TJP, the WSHA contemplates that an AE owes no civil liability
for a breach of any of his statutory duties under the WSH Regime. In support
of this argument, TJP relies on s 60 of the WSHA, which provides as follows:

**Civil liability**

**60.** —(1) Nothing in this Act shall be construed —

(_a_) as conferring a right of action in any civil proceedings in respect of
any contravention, whether by act or omission, of any provision of this Act;
or

(_b_) as conferring a defence to an action in any civil proceedings or as
otherwise affecting a right of action in any civil proceedings.

(2) Subsection (1) shall not affect the extent (if any) to which a breach of
duty imposed under any written law is actionable.

63 While s 60(1)(_a_) of the WSHA provides that the WSHA _does not_ _confer_
any right of action in civil proceedings, s 60(1)(_b_) provides (_inter alia_)
that the WSHA also _does not_ _affect_ any (independent or pre-existing) right
of action in civil proceedings. In other words, s 60 of the WSHA neither
confers nor takes away any right to bring a private claim in respect of a
breach of statutory duty under the WSH Regime. More importantly for present
purposes, s 60 does not answer the question of whether there is an independent
or a pre-existing private right of action for such a breach. As noted above at
[53], under the _Spandeck_ test, it is clear that the mere fact that a
particular statutory duty exists does not suffice to give rise to a common law
duty of care founded on that statutory duty. Indeed, the statutory scheme may
provide compelling policy reasons to negate such a common law duty of care. In
the present case, however, we find that s 60 of the WSHA does not in itself
provide compelling policy reasons to negate a common law duty of care on the
part of an AE, if such duty does exist.

64 We now turn our attention to s 61 of the WSHA, which protects certain
officers under the WSH Regime against personal liability in certain prescribed
circumstances. Section 61 states:

**Protection from personal liability**

**61.** —(1)  _No action, suit or other legal proceedings shall lie personally
against_ —

(_a_) the Commissioner;

(_b_) a Deputy Commissioner;

(_c_) an inspector; or

(_d_) an authorised examiner,

_for any damage done to any item specified in subsection (2) in the course of
carrying out in good faith any prescribed examination or test of the item_.

(2) Subsection (1) shall apply only in respect of the following items:

(_a_) a hoist or lift;

(_b_) a lifting gear;

(_c_) a lifting appliance or lifting machine;

(_d_) a steam boiler;

(_e_) a steam receiver;

(_f_) an air receiver;

(_g_) a refrigerating plant pressure receiver;

(_h_) a pressure vessel; or

(_i_) any other machinery required by this Act to be examined or tested by an
authorised examiner.

(3) No action, suit or other legal proceedings shall lie personally against
the Commissioner or any Deputy Commissioner for anything done or omitted to be
done in good faith in the course of or in connection with the performance or
purported performance of any duty or function under section 21.

[emphasis added]

65 Section 61 does not apply in the instant case because TJP’s alleged
personal liability is not in respect of physical damage done to an item in the
course of carrying out a prescribed examination. TJP is therefore not
protected by s 61 against personal liability in this case. We should add that
we do not think s 61 implies that personal liability is excluded _only_ in the
instances enumerated in that section. Instead, it seems to us that the
specific instances where personal liability has been expressly negated by s 61
were inserted _ex abundanti cautela_ to protect those involved in the
statutory inspection scheme from liability for any physical damage caused in
the course of carrying out a prescribed inspection. Surely, it cannot be
argued that economic loss caused by (_eg_) delays by an AE in carrying out a
prescribed inspection is actionable because liability for such loss has not
been expressly excluded. In short, we do not think that s 61 is a statutory
indicator of whether an AE may be subject to a private claim for a breach of
any of his statutory duties. Section 61 is wholly neutral on this issue.
Therefore, we find that nothing in the WSH Regime itself supports either the
imposition or the negation of a concurrent common law duty on the part of an
AE.

66 Although the WSH Regime is itself silent on the aforesaid matter, the
parliamentary statements on the WSH Regime are illuminating. During the second
reading of the Workplace Safety and Health Bill 2005 (Bill 36 of 2005) (“the
WSH Bill”), Dr Ng Eng Hen (“Dr Ng”), the then Minister for Manpower, stated as
follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (17 January
2006) vol 80 (“ _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 80”) at cols 2206 and
2208–2210):

… Three fundamental reforms in this Bill will improve safety at the workplace.
First, this Bill will strengthen proactive measures. Instead of reacting to
accidents after they have occurred, which is often too little too late, we
should reduce risks to prevent accidents. To achieve this, all employers will
be required to conduct comprehensive risk assessments for all work processes
and provide detailed plans to minimise or eliminate risks.

Second, industry must take ownership of occupational safety and health
standards and outcomes to effect a cultural change of respect for life and
livelihoods at the workplace. Government cannot improve safety by fiat alone.
Industry must take responsibility for raising [occupational safety and health]
standards at a practical and reasonable pace.

Third, this Bill will better define persons who are accountable, their
responsibilities and institute penalties which reflect the true economic and
social cost of risks and accidents. Penalties should be sufficient to deter
risk-taking behaviour and ensure that companies are proactive in preventing
incidents. Appropriately, companies and persons that show poor safety
management should be penalised even if no accident has occurred.

...

_Better defined liability regime to reduce risks at source_

...

**_Part IV [of] the Bill effects a new and more direct liability regime which
assigns legal responsibility to those who create and have control over safety
and health risks._** **_Clause 11 assigns liability to occupiers for dangers
arising from the physical environment under their control._** **_Clauses 12
and 13 assign responsibility for safety to employers and self-employed persons
respectively_**.

Clause 14 covers principals who engage contractors for specialised tasks or
the services of workers from third-party labour suppliers. In such situations,
there is no contract of employment between the principal and the contractor or
the worker supplied. Traditionally, a principal who engages a contractor would
be engaging the specialist services of the contractor, and would not be
directing the contractor on how to do the work. However, today the situation
is different. Principals often engage “contractors” and third-party labour not
for their specialist expertise, but precisely so that they can avoid entering
into a direct employment relationship, for organisational or other reasons. In
such situations, the principal, in terms of supervision, takes on the role of
an employer. The Bill thus places on him responsibility for the worker’s
safety and health as if he were the employer. If this were not the case, then
the duties under the Act could be simply circumvented by a careful crafting of
the legal relationship.

**_The Bill also expands accountability for [occupational safety and health]
risks to include risks posed to members of the public by employers, self-
employed persons and principals_** _._ This is necessary as workplace
accidents may have catastrophic effects, not only on their employees, but also
on the public at large. ...

[emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold italics]

67 We also note the Explanatory Statement to the WSH Bill, which reads as
follows:

This Bill seeks to repeal and re-enact with amendments the Factories Act (Cap.
104) for the following purposes:

(_a_) to secure the safety, health and welfare of persons at work in
workplaces;

(_b_) to impose specific duties on various persons, which includes employers,
self-employed persons, principals, occupiers of workplaces, persons at work,
manufacturers or suppliers of machinery or equipment for use at work, persons
who erect, install or modify machinery or equipment and persons having control
over common areas, etc.;

(_c_) to provide a range of enforcement methods, so as to enable an
appropriate response to a failure to comply with the Bill depending on its
nature;

(_d_) to provide for the appointment of authorised examiners and inspectors to
carry out such safety and health inspections as are prescribed under the Bill;
and

(_e_) to provide for safety and health management arrangements.

…

68 In our view, the above statements make it clear that the objective of the
WSH Bill (which was later enacted as the Workplace Safety and Health Act 2006
(Act 7 of 2006)) was to protect workers and members of the public present at a
workplace from injury by deterring risk-taking behaviour (through the
imposition of liability for such behaviour) on the part of persons who create
and have control over safety risks at workplaces. To achieve this objective, a
“more direct liability regime” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ vol 80
at col 2209) was put in place under Pt IV of the WSH Bill to hold various
groups of persons accountable for workers’ safety and health according to
their different capacities. We observe that while an AE does not fall under
any of the categories of persons enumerated in Pt IV of the WSH Bill, a main
contractor and a sub-contractor may fall under one or more of those categories
(_eg_ , as an employer under cl 12 of the WSH Bill, or as a manufacturer and
supplier of machinery under cl 16). The structure of the WSH Bill suggests
that the liability of an AE under the WSH Regime is _secondary_ to that of the
persons specifically mentioned in Pt IV of the WSH Bill (_inter alia_ ,
contractors and sub-contractors). Indeed, the specific office of the AE is
first mentioned only in Pt VII of the WSH Bill (specifically, in cl 32; in
this regard, see also [56] above), and the WSH Bill does not spell out the
duties and liabilities of an AE (these were set out only later via the 2005
MOM Guidelines and the WSH Regulations). The Explanatory Statement to the WSH
Bill confirms that this Bill had several purposes, with the office of the AE
fulfilling a different purpose from that of imposing liability on the persons
enumerated in Pt IV of the WSH Bill. Had the office of the AE been mentioned
under Pt IV, this would have made for a stronger argument for the imposition
of a common law duty of care on an AE. Further, in assessing whether a common
law duty of care coexists alongside an AE’s statutory duties, it is not an
unimportant consideration that all of the AE’s statutory obligations have been
set out in subsidiary legislation (see [58] above), supplemented by the 2005
MOM Guidelines, with a regime of criminal enforcement in place to remedy any
breaches of these statutory duties (see [57] and also [54] above). We will
further elaborate on the significance of this distinction between AEs on the
one hand and contractors and sub-contractors on the other later at [73] below.

(6) Analysis of the Crucial Question

69 We set out earlier the three distinct inspections of the Tower Crane which
TJP carried out in this case (see [12] above) and the breaches alleged against
him (see [19] above). Even if TJP is found to have breached his statutory
duties, as we pointed out above at [51]–[52], a statutory duty imposes a
concomitant duty of care at common law only if the two limbs of the _Spandeck_
test are satisfied, _viz_ :

(a) if there is a relationship of sufficient legal proximity between the
parties concerned; and

(b) (assuming the requisite relationship of proximity exists) if there are no
policy considerations which negate, reduce or limit the scope of the duty or
the class of persons to whom it is owed or the damages recoverable for a
breach of that duty.

70 Pursuant to our direction of 7 July 2011 for the parties to submit on
(_inter alia_) cases involving statutory duties analogous to those of an AE
(see sub-para (b) of [50] above), TJP has submitted that on the basis of
_Caparo Industries Plc v Dickman and Others_ [1990] 2 AC 605 (“ _Caparo_ ”)
and _Ikumene Singapore Pte Ltd and another v Leong Chee Leng (trading as
Elizabeth Leong & Co)_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 480 (“ _Ikumene_ ”), he owes no common
law duty of care in discharging his statutory duties as an AE. Rango has
submitted to the contrary based on four cases, namely: _Swanson et al v The
Queen in right of Canada_ (1991) 80 DLR (4th) 741 (“ _Swanson_ ”), _Perrett v
Collins and Others_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 255 (“ _Perrett_ ”), _Anns and Others
v Merton London Borough_ Council [1978] AC 728 and _Welton and Another v North
Cornwall District Council_ [1997] 1 WLR 570.

71 At one end of the tortious spectrum of liability, _Caparo_ and _Ikumene_
demonstrate that the courts have in some cases declined to impose a common law
duty of care where liability may be indeterminate. In _Caparo_ , the
plaintiffs relied on the defendant auditors’ report on a public listed
company’s accounts (which report was required under ss 236 and 237 of the
Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) (“the UK Companies Act”)) to make a takeover bid
for the company. The plaintiffs subsequently sued (_inter alia_) the auditors
for negligence in making the report. The House of Lords declined to impose a
common law duty of care on the auditors in respect of their statutory duty to
make the report. Their Lordships held that while it was reasonably foreseeable
that the accounts of a public listed company might be relied upon by a range
of persons for a number of purposes, an auditors’ report on such accounts was
required by the UK Companies Act for a specific statutory purpose (see
_Caparo_ at 652D), and to find that a public listed company’s auditors owed a
common law duty of care towards persons relying on their report on the
company’s accounts _outside_ its statutory purpose would be to “ _create a
liability wholly indefinite in area, duration and amount and … open up a
limitless vista of uninsurable risk for the professional man_ ” [emphasis
added] (see _Caparo_ at 643C–643D). By a process of similar reasoning, in
_Ikumene_ , this court declined to impose a common law duty of care on a
company’s auditor _vis-à-vis_ a guarantor of the company’s credit facilities
on the basis that the imposition of such a duty of care would fall outside the
statutory purpose for which an auditor’s report on a company’s accounts was
required (see _Ikumene_ at [24]).

72 In our view, _Caparo_ and _Ikumene_ can reasonably bear one of two
interpretations, which correspond to, respectively, the two limbs of the
_Spandeck_ test. It can be said that no common law duty of care was found to
exist in these two cases: (a) on the basis of a lack of sufficient legal
proximity (_ie_ , there was insufficient legal proximity between the statutory
actors and the plaintiffs, who were individuals falling outside the class of
people protected by the relevant statutory purpose); or (b) on the basis of
policy (_ie_ , the courts declined to impose a common law duty of care that
would expose the statutory actors to indeterminate liability). Indeed, some
commentators have expressed the view that policy considerations are built into
the element of proximity (see, _eg_ , W V H Rogers, _Winfield and Jolowicz on
Tort_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2010) at para 5-17). In _Caparo_ itself, Lord
Oliver of Aylmerton opined (at 633C) that a finding of an absence of proximity
“[could] most rationally be attributed simply to the court’s view that it
would not be fair and reasonable to hold the defendant responsible”. The same
sentiment was echoed by Lord Nicholls of Birkenhead in the House of Lords case
of _Stovin v Wise, Norfolk County Council (Third Party)_ [1996] AC 923, where
his Lordship expressed the view (at 932B–932C) that the concept of proximity
was “convenient shorthand for a relationship between two parties which [made]
it fair and reasonable [that] one should owe the other a duty of care”. As can
be seen, there is an established view that the elements of the _Spandeck_ test
are inter-related and overlapping. The effect of this is that factors which
are relevant to one limb of the _Spandeck_ test may also be relevant to the
other limb in the conduct of the balancing exercise to determine whether a
duty of care should be imposed at common law (see _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_
(Michael A Jones gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 20th Ed, 2010) at para 8-15). This
is uncontroversial, and, as indicated earlier at [53] above, the applicable
statutory scheme, in particular, may be relevant to both limbs (_ie_ , both
the proximity and the policy limbs) of the _Spandeck_ test.

73 Regardless of which of the two interpretations of _Caparo_ and _Ikumene_ we
adopt, we find that the concerns which were determinative in those two cases
also apply in our case. In so far as the first interpretation (_viz_ ,
insufficient legal proximity) is adopted, we find that an argument based on a
lack of sufficient legal proximity succeeds in the present case. It is clear,
in our view, that while the office of the AE is an integral part of the WSH
Regime’s overall statutory purpose of ensuring workplace safety (see [56]–[61]
above), the statutory objective is not to protect contractors and/or sub-
contractors as they have primary responsibility for all aspects of safety at a
workplace. Indeed, Dr Ng’s statements in Parliament during the second reading
of the WSH Bill (see above at [66]) suggest that the objective of the WSH
Regime is to guard against safety lapses at workplaces by contractors and
those to whom they have delegated operational control of their work. In our
view, the office of the AE is designed as a safety net, as an additional layer
of protection to catch any safety hazards present in tower cranes used at
workplaces that may have slipped past the notice of contractors and/or that
may arise if contractors cut corners. The creation of this office amounts to
statutory recognition that there may be occasions where safety lapses by
contractors and/or their sub-contractors occur, and is designed to protect
those working or present at workplaces from injury caused by such lapses. As
such, the office of the AE is not intended to protect either the contractor
and/or the sub-contractor from risk, but is instead intended to protect
workers and members of the public present at workplaces. Therefore, Kimly, as
the ultimate user of the Tower Crane and the occupier of the Project Site, is
clearly _not_ within the class of people intended to be protected by the
statutory purpose behind an AE’s duties. In other words, the first limb of the
_Spandeck_ test is _not_ satisfied in the present case and, thus, TJP did not
owe Kimly any _prima facie_ duty of care at common law.

74 We should add that a striking feature of the instant case is that
contributory negligence was not pleaded as between Rango and TJP (see [20]
above), and a finding that TJP owed a common law duty of care to Kimly would
produce the extraordinary result of TJP being liable for the _entire_ damage
ensuing from the collapse of the Tower Crane regardless of whether or not he
was responsible for the cause of the collapse (see above at [41]). Such a
result goes against the spirit, if not the letter, of the WSHA and also
against common sense. Nothing in the WSHA contemplates the apportionment of
liability, not to mention the imposition of a common law duty of care, between
the various persons on whom statutory duties are imposed under Pt IV of the
WSHA. Section 10 of the WSHA (which falls under that Part) expressly provides
that the same duty or liability can be imposed on two or more persons, and
that the duty or liability imposed on a person will not be diminished or
affected simply because it is concurrently imposed on another person. Of
course, this position is with regard to the persons who owe statutory duties
under Pt IV of the WSHA, and, as we alluded to earlier (at [68] above), an AE
is not one of the persons enumerated in that Part. Be that as it may, we find
that Pt IV of the WSHA stands for the broader proposition that under the WSH
Regime, persons who create or have control over safety risks at workplaces
will not be allowed to shelter behind each other or others to avoid liability
when those risks materialise. This does not, however, exclude the possibility
that in appropriate cases, persons who are individually liable for breaching
their statutory duties under the WSHA may also be found to have been
contributorily negligent towards each other.

75 Assuming, for argument’s sake, that there is a relationship of sufficient
legal proximity between TJP and Kimly (_contra_ our finding at [73] above), we
now go on to discuss the second limb of the _Spandeck_ test, which corresponds
to the second interpretation of _Caparo_ and _Ikumene_ , _viz_ , that no
common law duty of care was found in those two cases because of policy reasons
(see above at [72]). In so far as the second interpretation is concerned, we
find that there could plausibly be what may be broadly described as
indeterminate liability to an indeterminate class in the present case if the
Crucial Question is answered in Rango’s favour. While an AE’s statutory duties
are specific to the installation of a particular tower crane at a particular
workplace for a particular period of time, in the event of a breach of these
duties, the cascading effects of consequential economic loss can be enormous,
particularly if there are work stoppages. All affected parties as well as
their suppliers and other actors further down the chain may have some sort of
consequential claim against an AE for his statutory lapse(s) if a private
cause of action were coexistent. That said, we recognise that the fear of
indeterminacy is not the key policy consideration in the present case as this
concern might be better addressed at the stage of assessing remoteness of
damage. Even so, for the reasons given below (at [84]–[89]), we find that the
second limb of the _Spandeck_ test is not satisfied in the present case as
there are other policy factors which militate against finding that TJP owed a
common law duty of care to Kimly.

76 Before we set out these policy factors, we wish to first discuss two of the
cases cited by Rango, _viz_ , _Swanson_ and _Perrett_ , both of which lie at
the other end of the spectrum of tortious liability from _Caparo_ and
_Ikumene_. In both _Swanson_ and _Perrett_ , a common law duty of care was
quite readily imposed. Both cases involved airplane crashes which were the
result of the negligence of the relevant statutory inspectors in failing to
prevent certain flight operations. In _Swanson_ , the estates of the deceased
passengers sued (_inter alia_) the relevant government agency which, through
its inspectors, had allowed the flight operations of a small commercial
airline to continue despite the presence of many safety irregularities. In
_Perrett_ , an injured passenger sued, _inter alia_ , the inspector who had
negligently provided a certificate of fitness for the airplane in question to
fly. In both cases, the courts quite easily found that the inspector (in
_Perrett_) and the Department of Transport (the relevant government agency in
_Swanson_) owed a duty of care to the passengers of the respective airplanes.
In particular, in _Swanson_ , the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal expressed
its agreement with the trial judge’s ruling that (see _Swanson_ at 750):

The _Aeronautics Act_ [RSC 1985, c A-2 (Canada)] and [the] Regulations made
thereunder if not explicitly imposing a duty of care of the general public, at
least do so by implication in that this is the very reason for their
existence. The flying public has no protection against avaricious airlines,
irresponsible or inadequately trained pilots, and defective aircraft if not
[for] the Department of Transport and must rely on it for enforcement of the
law and regulations in the interest of public safety. … While there may be no
contractual duty of care owed to the public, as [the] plaintiff suggests, this
does not of itself protect [the] defendant from liability in tort. [emphasis
in original]

77 Similar reasoning was echoed by the English Court of Appeal in _Perrett_
(at 272) as follows:

The regulatory framework recognizes the dangers that are inherent in flying.
That is the very purpose lying behind the prohibition on taking aeroplanes
into the air without a certificate of airworthiness and a permit to fly, and
the appointment of the [Civil Aviation Authority] or those authorized by them
to issue such certificates. The whole purpose is one of air safety. In my
judgment, any reasonably well informed member of the public, although not in
possession of the detailed framework, would expect there to be such a
regulatory framework in force to ensure his safety when flying and would rely
upon it. Furthermore, a member of the public would expect that a person who is
appointed to carry out these functions of inspecting aircraft and issuing
permits would exercise reasonable care in doing so.

78 While it _ex facie_ appears that the reasoning in _Swanson_ and _Perrett_
resonates strongly with the instant case, where the regulatory framework of
the WSHA is aimed at ensuring safety at workplaces, with the AE playing an
integral role in this framework, we would be hesitant to uncritically
transplant the result in _Swanson_ and _Perrett_ to our case. This is because
both the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal in _Swanson_ and the English Court
of Appeal in _Perrett_ seemed to take it for granted that a duty of care would
exist if certain specific issues were resolved in the respective plaintiffs’
favour (_viz_ , in _Swanson_ , the issue of whether s 8 of the Crown Liability
Act 1985, c C-50 (Canada) shielded the relevant government agency from
liability, and in _Perrett_ , the issue of whether there was any difference
between cases of physical damage and cases of economic loss). With respect, it
seems to us that the reasoning in these two cases (as set out above at
[76]–[77]) does not involve a sufficient examination of whether the _Spandeck_
test is satisfied, and is not particularly helpful in ascertaining whether a
common law duty of care exists alongside a statutory duty in a particular
case. In fact, the reasoning suffers from over-inclusion as it would arguably
point towards a concomitant common law duty of care existing alongside _every_
statutory duty – in that all statutory frameworks arguably exist for the
purpose of protecting some public interest, and the public would expect those
appointed to carry out functions under these frameworks to carry out their
functions competently and diligently. We find that reference to the protective
function of a statutory framework, in itself, does not necessarily answer the
question of whether the statutory actors concerned owe a _legal_ duty
_directly_ to the members of the public who are intended to be protected by
that statutory framework. As already stated above at [51]–[52], not all
statutory duties give rise to a concomitant common law duty of care. It is
equally plausible that the legislative intention that statutory actors perform
their functions competently and diligently is to be met by only the criminal
sanctions provided for within the relevant statutory framework itself, without
any coexistent common law duty of care.

79 We emphasise that the question of whether a statutory duty gives rise to a
common law duty of care under the _Spandeck_ test is highly – _but not wholly_
– dependent on the particular statutory and/or regulatory framework in issue
in each case. This can be seen from _Animal Concerns_. In that case, the
appellant engaged a contractor (“A.n.A”) to construct an animal shelter; A.n.A
in turn appointed its director (the respondent) as the clerk of works to
supervise the construction project. In carrying out the backfilling of the
construction site, A.n.A used materials which were inferior to the
contractually-stipulated materials. As a result, the animal enclosures on some
portions of the site later had to be reconstructed. The appellant sued A.n.A
for breach of contract, and also sued the respondent for negligence in (_inter
alia_) supervising the backfilling works. This court held that although s
10(5)(_b_) of the Building Control Act (Cap 29, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the BCA”) did
not impose any statutory duty on the respondent, as the clerk of works, to
supervise the backfilling works and although a breach of s 10 of the BCA
resulted in purely criminal sanctions under ss 10(7)–10(9), based on the
_Spandeck_ test, the respondent nonetheless owed the appellant a duty of care
at common law to supervise the backfilling works because of the very
particular nature of a clerk of works’ function in relation to the client
commissioning a construction project (the “client”). At [45] of _Animal
Concerns_ , this court cited the English High Court case of _Leicester Board
of Guardians v Trollope_ (25 January 1911) (reported in Alfred A Hudson, _The
Law of Building, Engineering and Ship Building Contracts and of the Duties and
Liabilities of Engineers, Architects, Surveyors, and Valuers; with Reports of
Cases and Precedents_ vol 2 (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 1914) at p 419), where
it was stated (at p 423): “[e]verybody knows that an architect cannot be there
all the time, and _everybody knows that_ _the clerk of the_ [_sic_] _works is
appointed to protect the interests of the employer against the builder_ ,
mainly because the architect cannot be there” [emphasis in original omitted;
emphasis added in italics]. This court further elaborated at [44] and [51] of
_Animal Concerns_ :

44 It appears, therefore, that the industry practice has been that clerks of
works assist the architect by monitoring the work of contractors on behalf of
the person commissioning the construction works (“the client”), in order to
ensure that work is carried out to _the client’s_ standards, specifications
and schedule, that the correct materials are used and that proper workmanship
is observed.

…

51 This survey of authorities demonstrates that, both as a matter of industry
practice and judicial observation, a clerk of works is regarded as being, by
virtue of his functions and responsibilities at the building site, in fairly
close proximity to _the client_ , regardless of whether they are in a formal
employer-employee relationship. If, of course, the clerk of works is in fact
employed by the client, then there would also be a _contractual relationship_
(which would, naturally, entail the corresponding legal obligations) between
the parties. The clerk of works protects the interests of the client against
the builder, by inspecting and supervising the works to ensure that they
conform to the client’s budget, standards and specifications, and that the
client is getting value for money and proper workmanship. …

[emphasis in original]

80 As stated in the preceding paragraph, this court’s finding of sufficient
legal proximity between the respondent clerk of works and the appellant client
in _Animal Concerns_ was premised on the very particular function of a clerk
of works _vis-à-vis_ a client. _Even given this unique relationship between a
clerk of works and a client in industry practice_ , this court was careful to
mention that not all clerks of works would inexorably owe a common law duty of
care to clients – whether such a duty of care existed would depend on the
_particular scope of duty_ of the clerk of works in a particular case (see
_Animal Concerns_ at [51]–[55]). This was because, this court explained, the
qualifications and functions of clerks of works could vary enormously from
case to case (see _Animal Concerns_ at [53], citing vol 1, para 2-024 of I N
Duncan Wallace, _Hudson’s Building and Engineering Contracts_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 1995)):

Clerks of works are usually employed for a specific project, in many cases on
the recommendation of the architect, though it is not unusual for building
owners with their own building departments or organisations to put forward one
of their own employees. They are almost invariably employed and paid for by
the building owner. ... Their use is more common in building than in
engineering contracts ... _Their qualifications may vary from those of a
retired tradesman or foreman to a fully qualified archit[e]ct or engineer, but
in general their position is considerably inferior to that of a resident
engineer, and the extent of their authority much more rigorously circumscribed
by the contract documents_ _..._ [emphasis in original]

81 This court therefore cautioned at [55]:

… [A]t a _threshold_ level, _there might not even be a duty of care to begin
with_ … We are, of course, assuming a situation in which there is _no
contractual nexus_ between the clerk of works concerned and the client to
begin with. Whilst, following from the analysis above at [39]–[51], it might
be argued that, in such a situation, there would, ordinarily, be a duty of
care in _tort_ owed by the clerk of works to the client (_cf_ Stephen Furst
and Sir Vivian Ramsey, _Keating on Construction Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
8th Ed, 2006) … at para 13-049), we are of the view that, _in order for such a
duty of care to exist, there must first be demonstrated that, on the facts of
the case concerned, there had been legal proximity between the parties – for
example, that there had been an assumption of responsibility by the clerk of
works_ vis-à-vis _the client.__At this juncture, the universal and the
particular (necessarily and, indeed, inevitably) intersect, with the focus
tending towards the latter (as opposed to the former)._ This necessarily
entails an application of the general legal principles to the _facts_ of the
case itself. … [emphasis in original]

82 What _Animal Concerns_ illustrates is that the question of whether a
statutory actor owes a concurrent common law duty of care is highly, _but not
wholly_ , dependent on the particular features of the statutory regime in
question. The specific facts of the particular case at hand are equally (and
may even be more) important. In short, the _Spandeck_ elements have to be
established in every case. Care must be taken not to apply cases from other
jurisdictions – or, for that matter, even Singapore cases involving different
statutory regimes – without a proper appreciation of their context, both legal
and factual. In any case, we do not think we can derive much assistance from
the variable current of English cases because they are premised on the
distinction between physical damage and economic loss. On the one hand, the
inspector in _Perrett_ was found to owe a duty of care because the loss
involved was physical damage; on the other hand, it was held in _Reeman and
Another v Department of Transport and Others_ [1997] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 648 (“
_Reeman_ ”) that the government department in question did not owe a duty of
care to the purchaser of a fishing boat who had relied on an incorrect safety
certificate in respect of the vessel because the loss suffered by the
purchaser was pure economic loss. Indeed, the court in _Perrett_ took great
pains to clarify that the requirement of legal proximity was fulfilled in the
case before it because that was not a case of economic loss, but a case of
physical damage (see _Perrett_ at 260–261 and 263–265), and specifically
distinguished _Reeman_ on that basis (see _Perrett_ at 265). Given this
court’s affirmation in _Spandeck_ (at [115]) that “[a] _single_ test to
determine the existence of a duty of care [at common law] should be applied
regardless of the nature of the damage caused (_ie_ , [whether] pure economic
loss or physical damage)” [emphasis in original], the English line of cases is
not particularly helpful.

83 Reverting now to the policy considerations alluded to at [75] above _vis-à-
vis_ the second limb of the _Spandeck_ test, we now go on to consider the WSH
Regime in the context of the specific facts of this case.

84 As we pointed out above at [41], the necessary implication of Rango’s claim
against TJP for an _indemnity_ in respect of all damage caused to Kimly by the
Tower Crane’s collapse is that regardless of what the primary cause of a
defect in a tower crane is and what responsibility (if any) other persons bear
for the defect, once an AE fails to perform his statutory duties _vis-à-vis_
the use of that tower crane at a workplace, _all_ legal liability falls on the
AE in respect of any damage arising from the said defect. A finding that TJP
is liable to indemnify Rango would be tantamount to _converting a statutory
regime meant to ensure workplace safety into an insurance regime for the other
private parties involved in the operational aspects of a workplace regardless
of their individual responsibility for any safety lapses._ This goes against
considerations of corrective justice, which includes an element of
“proportionality between the wrongdoing and the loss suffered thereby” (see
_McFarlane and Another v Tayside Health Board_ [2000] 2 AC 59 (“ _McFarlane_
”) _per_ Lord Clyde at 106A).

85 For the following reasons, we find that the imposition of a common law duty
of care on TJP would also go against considerations of distributive justice.
While Lord Clyde arrived at his decision in _McFarlane_ based on
considerations of corrective justice, Lord Steyn arrived at the same result
based on considerations of distributive justice, which he recognised (at
82A–83E) as a legitimate concern to be balanced against corrective justice.
One of the factors to be taken into account in the matrix of distributive
justice is that of risk allocation and the availability of protection through
insurance. In this regard, Lord Denning MR noted in _Lamb and Another v Camden
London Borough Council and Another_ [1981] QB 625 (at 637G–638B) apropos the
plaintiffs’ claim that the defendant local council owed them a duty of care to
prevent squatters from invading a property which they had left unfurnished and
unoccupied:

On broader grounds of policy, I would add this: _the criminal acts here –
malicious damage and theft – are usually covered by insurance.__By this means
the risk of loss is spread throughout the community. It does not fall too
heavily on one pair of shoulders alone._ ... It is commonplace nowadays for
the courts, when considering policy, to take insurance into account. It played
a prominent part in _Photo Production Ltd. v. Securicor Transport Ltd._ [1980]
A.C. 827. The House of Lords clearly thought that the risk of fire should be
borne by the fire insurers who had received the full premium for fire risk –
and not by Securicor’s insurers, who had only received a tiny premium. That,
too, was a policy decision. … [emphasis added]

86 In _Morgan Crucible Co Plc v Hill Samuel & Co Ltd and Others_ [1991] Ch 295
(“ _Morgan Crucible_ ”), Hoffmann J considered that the factor of insurance
was what distinguished _Smith v Eric S Bush_ [1990] 1 AC 831 (“ _Smith_ ”)
from _Caparo_. In _Smith_ , a common law duty of care was imposed on the
defendant surveyor _vis-à-vis_ the plaintiff client who sought a survey report
on a property which she intended to purchase, whereas in _Caparo_ , no common
law duty of care was found on the part of the defendant auditors _vis-à-vis_
the plaintiffs, who had relied on the auditors’ report on a public listed
company’s accounts to make a takeover bid for the company. Commenting on these
two cases, Hoffmann J stated (at 302G–303A of _Morgan Crucible_):

… [T]he typical [house purchaser] in a _Smith_ -type case is a person of
modest means and making the most expensive purchase of his or her life. He is
very unlikely to be insured against the manifestation of inherent defects. The
surveyor can protect himself relatively easily by insurance. The take-over
bidder, on the other hand, is an entrepreneur taking high risks for high
rewards and while some accountants may be able to take out sufficient
insurance, others may not. Furthermore, the take-over bidder [in the case of
_Caparo_] is a limited liability company and the accountants are individuals
for whom, save so far as they are covered by insurance, liability would mean
personal ruin. … [T]he imposition of liability upon surveyors would probably
not greatly increase their insurance costs and push up the cost of surveys
because the typical buyer who relies on a building society survey is buying a
relatively modest house. …

87 Hoffmann J went on to find that the case before him, which was factually
similar to _Caparo_ , fell on the _Caparo_ side of the line, where no common
law duty of care was imposed (_Morgan Crucible_ was a case of a plaintiff, who
had relied on a company’s audited financial statements to make a takeover bid
for the company, suing (_inter alia_) the company’s accountants for alleged
negligent misstatements in those financial statements). We note that Hoffmann
J’s judgment was overturned on appeal on the ground that, _inter alia_ , it
“would not [be] right by reference to economic considerations to dismiss as
unarguable an otherwise arguable case” (see _Morgan Crucible_ at 321C). This
statement, however, must be understood in its context. The issue to be
determined in _Morgan Crucible_ was whether the plaintiff’s application to
amend its statement of claim should be allowed. (The plaintiff made this
application after the defendant indicated that it was considering applying to
strike out the plaintiff’s (original) statement of claim.) The applicable test
for whether the plaintiff’s application should be allowed was thus whether the
proposed amendments to the statement of claim would survive an application to
strike them out as disclosing no cause of action. While economic
considerations, including questions of risk allocation and insurance, were not
found (on appeal) to be determinative in _Morgan Crucible_ , the English Court
of Appeal endorsed the continued _relevancy_ of these factors (at 321B):

… [S]o far as it is possible to do so, it will be right for the court at the
trial not to close its eyes to the possible economic consequences of its
decision as to the existence of a duty of care.

We share the view expressed by the English Court of Appeal in _Morgan
Crucible_ , _viz_ , that economic considerations, such as the availability of
insurance coverage, are relevant, although not determinative.

88 Turning to the facts of the instant case, while Kimly and Rango had agreed
in cl 3.6 of the Sub-Contract (see above at [6]) that Kimly was to take out an
equipment all-risks policy to insure against the loss of or any damage to the
Tower Crane, there is no indication that TJP was covered by any sort of
professional insurance or had been requested to seek insurance coverage. Had
there been a similar allocation of risk between TJP and Rango as that which
existed between Rango and Kimly, it is likely that Rango would have made
similar arrangements with TJP for the latter to purchase insurance. In our
view, the imposition of a common law duty of care on TJP would cut across, and
be inconsistent with, the structure of the relationships created by the
contracts which Kimly, Rango and TJP entered into in the present case (_viz_ ,
the Sub-Contract between Kimly and Rango, and the oral contract between Rango
and TJP).

89 Our view that a common law duty of care should not be imposed on TJP is
supported by our reading of the WSHA and what we consider to be its primary
objective – namely, ensuring the safety of those present at workplaces
(particularly workers), and attributing responsibility for workplace safety to
those having operational control of workplaces. The role of the AE in the
context of the WSH Regime is to provide an additional layer of checks on
contractors and sub-contractors so as to reduce safety risks at workplaces and
thereby avoid accidents (see [73] above). Given that there is no particular
indication that the WSH Regime contemplates the coexistence of a common law
duty of care on the part of an AE in addition to his statutory duties (and the
criminal and regulatory sanctions expressly stipulated for breach of those
duties), we find nothing to demonstrate or support a finding that the WSH
Regime intended that AEs, when discharging their statutory function of
_examining_ whether private parties have complied with the prescribed safety
standards, should become exposed to a coextensive private liability for
breaches of their professional responsibilities to other contractors with whom
they have no direct contractual relationship. In short, we do not think that
the WSHA has made AEs insurers for such parties, and certainly not to an
_unlimited_ degree. This is particularly so given that: (a) insurance
arrangements can be made by the parties; and (b) the fee for TJP’s services
was only $716 (see above at [8]), which appears from the record before us to
be the going rate for similar services. _Given that the WSHA is intended to
protect persons present at workplaces from safety lapses by contractors and
their sub-contractors, we think it remarkably ironic that Rango now seeks an
indemnity from TJP when Rango was responsible for supplying_ _Kimly with a
tower crane without any pre-existing defects such as the Pre-Existing Cracks
in the Tower Crane._

90 For the above reasons, even if TJP did indeed owe Kimly a _prima facie_
duty of care at common law under the first limb of the _Spandeck_ test, we
find that policy considerations ought to negate this duty of care under the
second limb of that test. In short, we find that TJP did not owe Kimly a
common law duty of care in the discharge of his statutory functions.
Therefore, s 15 of the Civil Law Act does not apply because TJP is not liable
to Kimly for “the same damage” as the damage for which Rango is liable to
Kimly (see the three-step test set out at [49] above). Rango’s reliance on s
15 as a basis for its claim against TJP must therefore fail.

Further observations on the legal bases pleaded by Rango

91 In any case, even if we had found that the _Spandeck_ test was satisfied
and that TJP owed Kimly a common law duty of care, we would still hold that
Rango did not make out a case for TJP to answer in the court below. In the
myriad of issues that have arisen in this appeal, it is easy to lose sight of
the basics. The fact is that despite pleading various alternative legal bases
in support of its claim against TJP (see above at [39]), Rango did _not_ , as
we have shown above, make out any of these legal bases in the proceedings
below. Tellingly, in Rango’s closing submissions for the trial, there was only
one paragraph (_viz_ , para 55) which alluded to any sort of legal basis for
Rango’s claim – the rest of Rango’s closing submissions pertained to factual
evidence indicating that TJP had discharged his statutory duties negligently,
which, as we have held (at, _inter alia_ , [38] above), is not the issue in
this appeal. All that para 55 of Rango’s closing submissions stated by way of
the legal basis of Rango’s claim against TJP was the following:[note: 38]

The Defendant’s [_ie_ , Rango’s] claim against the Third Party [_ie_ , TJP] is
based on contract (alternatively in tort) in that the Third Party had breached
his contract with the Defendant by failing to exercise due diligence in the
discharge of his duties as [an AE]; in particular to undertake or to ensure
that the mast anchors were subjected to the MOM mandated tests …

92 In our view, this cryptic submission is patently inadequate as it fails to
explain why TJP is obliged to indemnify Rango completely in respect of its
liability to Kimly. The “express or implied contractual or other right to [an]
indemnity”[note: 39] pleaded by TJP is also untenable for the reasons stated
at [42] and [45] above. As for s 15 of the Civil Law Act, this ground,
although pleaded in Rango’s Statement of Claim against TJP and although
constituting the centrepiece of Rango’s submissions in this appeal, was _not_
part of the case which Rango eventually actively pursued against TJP in the
court below. Therefore, even if we had found that s 15 of the Civil Law Act
applied, this would be of no avail to Rango in the present appeal. It must be
borne in mind that this appeal relates to a particular procedure adopted at
the trial, _viz_ , the submission of “no case to answer” made by TJP. _Whether
TJP had a case to answer in the court below_ _must be assessed against the
case which Rango_ _eventually actively advanced_ _against TJP in that court,
and not against the case which could have been_ _advanced (in view of Rango’s
Statement of Claim against TJP) – but which was not eventually taken up – by
Rango._

93 Even more crucially, even if we had taken Rango’s submissions on s 15 of
the Civil Law Act on board, this still would not make out a case for the
_indemnity_ awarded by the Judge in Rango’s favour. Based on its plain
language, s 15 of the Civil Law Act would allow Rango to claim only
_contribution_ from TJP. Under the usual principles of tort law, any
contribution payable by one tortfeasor to another tortfeasor would be in
proportion to their respective degrees of contributory negligence. As we noted
above at [20] and [74], contributory negligence was not pleaded by either
Rango or TJP. Even if it had been pleaded, there would, in our view, still be
no legal basis for Rango to claim that TJP’s breach of his common law duty of
care (assuming we had found such duty existed) resulted in his being under an
_unlimited_ obligation to _indemnify_ any other party who might have been
contributorily liable for the damage suffered by Kimly, as opposed to being
under only a _limited_ obligation to _contribute_ to the extent of his
negligence. Indeed, even in the cases referred to above where the courts
imposed a common law duty of care on the statutory actors concerned (_viz_ ,
_Perrett_ , _Swanson_ and _Animal Concerns_), _this was only to the extent to
which they were contributorily negligent for the loss or damage in question_.
In _Perrett_ , liability was apportioned between the inspector and, _inter
alia_ , the individual who had assembled and piloted the airplane; in
_Swanson_ , liability was apportioned between the government agency which had
appointed the inspector as well as the pilot and the airline; and in _Animal
Concerns_ , both the respondent clerk of works and the contractor (_viz_ ,
A.n.A) were found liable to the appellant client who had engaged the
contractor to carry out the construction works. There was no question of the
respondent clerk of works in _Animal Concerns_ being legally obliged to
indemnify the contractor just because of his negligence in failing to detect
that the contractor had not used the contractually-stipulated materials to
carry out the backfilling works.

94 In conclusion, therefore, Rango’s case in the court below was fatally
flawed as it was based on two cumulative leaps of logic: the first was the
leap from TJP’s breach of his statutory duties under the WSH Regime to his
concurrently owing a common law duty of care in the discharge of those duties;
the second was the leap from TJP’s owing a common law duty of care to Kimly
(assuming such duty did exist) to his being under an obligation to indemnify
Rango for the entirety of the damage suffered by Kimly, rather than being
under merely an obligation to contribute to the extent of his breach of duty
(if any). In the result, we find that TJP was entitled and correct to make a
submission of “no case to answer” in the court below.

95 For the sake of completeness, we should mention that since we have found
that TJP is not liable to indemnify Rango in respect of the latter’s liability
to Kimly, it is not necessary for us to deal with the remaining grounds of
appeal raised by TJP (_ie_ , that the losses claimed by Kimly are too remote,
and that those losses have not been proved (see sub-paras (c) and (d) of [34]
above)).

Conclusion

96 For all of the above reasons, we allow this appeal, with TJP’s costs here
and below to be borne entirely by Rango. As a consequence of our decision,
some of the other costs orders made by the Judge (including his order that TJP
is to bear the costs of Feng and FES for the proceedings below) may have to be
varied. All the parties to the proceedings below have seven days from the date
of this judgment to make written submissions on the further consequential
orders that we ought to make.

* * *

[note: 1]See, _inter alia_ , the Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol 2, p 325
para 1.1.

[note: 2]See the Fourth Respondent’s Skeletal Arguments at para 4.

[note: 3]See the affidavit of Yuan Long Sheng affirmed on 15 July 2010 (“YLS’s
affidavit of 15 July 2010”) at pp 13–18.

[note: 4]See YLS’s affidavit of 15 July 2010 at p 18.

[note: 5]See ACB vol 2, p 327.

[note: 6]See ACB vol 2, pp 38–40.

[note: 7]See the Record of Appeal (“ROA”) vol 3(K), p 3316.

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]See Rango’s Closing Submissions filed on 29 October 2010 for the
trial at para 90 (at ROA vol 3(P), pp 4758–4759). See also the affidavit of
evidence-in-chief of Kenneth James Patterson-Kane filed on 8 September 2010
(“Patterson-Kane’s AEIC”) at para 93 (at ROA vol 3(I), p 2884).

[note: 10]See Patterson-Kane’s AEIC at para 99 (at ROA vol 3(I), pp
2886–2887).

[note: 11]See Patterson-Kane’s AEIC at para 99(a) (at ROA vol 3(I), p 2886).

[note: 12]See the Second Respondent’s Case at para 308.

[note: 13]_Ibid_.

[note: 14]See the Appellant’s Case at paras 50–123.

[note: 15]See the Appellant’s Case at paras 124–168.

[note: 16]See the Appellant’s Case at paras 169–186.

[note: 17]See the Appellant’s Case at paras 187–190.

[note: 18]See the Second Respondent’s Case at paras 80–226.

[note: 19]See the Second Respondent’s Case at paras 227–304.

[note: 20]See the Second Respondent’s Case at para 305.

[note: 21]See the Second Respondent’s Case at para 307.

[note: 22]See the “Statement of Claim by Defendant in Third Party Proceedings”
filed by Rango on 28 September 2009 (“Rango’s Statement of Claim against TJP”)
at para 43(a) (at ROA vol 2(A), p 118).

[note: 23]_Ibid_.

[note: 24]See Rango’s Statement of Claim against TJP at para 43(b) (at ROA vol
2(A), p 118).

[note: 25]See Rango’s Statement of Claim against TJP at para 44 (at ROA vol
2(A), p 118).

[note: 26]See the Appellant’s Case at para 126.

[note: 27]See the Second Respondent’s Case at para 308.

[note: 28]See the Appellant’s Case at para 148.

[note: 29]_Ibid_.

[note: 30]See Rango’s Statement of Claim against TJP at para 44 (at ROA vol
2(A), p 118).

[note: 31]See the Second Respondent’s Case at paras 301–304.

[note: 32]See the 2005 MOM Guidelines at cl 1.1 (at ACB vol 2, p 34).

[note: 33]See ACB vol 2, p 35.

[note: 34]See the 2005 MOM Guidelines at cl 4 (at ACB vol 2, p 35).

[note: 35]See the 2005 MOM Guidelines at cl 1.3 (at ACB vol 2, p 34).

[note: 36]See ACB vol 2, pp 46–48.

[note: 37]See the Appellant’s Further Submissions at para 19.

[note: 38]See ROA vol 3(P), p 4741.

[note: 39]See Rango’s Statement of Claim against TJP at para 43(a) (at ROA vol
2(A), p 118).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

