Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Law Society of Singapore _v_ Chong Wai Yen Michael and others  
[2012] SGHC 9

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 364 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Chandra Mohan Rethnam/Hauw Hui Ying Gillian (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the applicant; Wong Siew Hong (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the
first and second respondents; Wong Hin Pkin Wendell/Kueh Xiu Ying (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the third respondent; Yeo Hock Cheong/Joseph Tan Chin Aik
(Hock Cheong & Co) for the fourth respondent  
Parties| :|  Law Society of Singapore — Chong Wai Yen Michael and others  
  
16 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 Originating Summons No 364 of 2011 was an application by the Law Society of
Singapore (“the Law Society”) pursuant to s 94(1) read with s 98(1) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) to this court for
orders that Michael Chong Wai Yen, Kenneth Tan Chong Peng, Yap Kok Kiong and
Siow Jit Thong (“the first respondent”, “the second respondent”, “the third
respondent” and “the fourth respondent” respectively or “the four respondents”
collectively, as the case may be) be sanctioned under s 83(1) of the Act.
Having heard submissions from all parties, we granted the application and
ordered that thethird respondent be struck off the roll, and that each of the
remaining respondents be suspended for a period of thirty months. We further
ordered that the costs of the proceedings before us be borne by all the four
respondents, with the costs of proceedings below pertaining to the fourth
respondent to be taxed if not agreed and to be borne by him. We now give our
reasons.

The factual background

2 These proceedings emanated from investigations by the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) into five law firms for having purportedly given
gratifications to a company named Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd (“Asprez”)
in consideration for Asprez referring conveyancing related matters to them.
The investigations revealed that Asprez was set up by a former business
development manager of thethird respondent named Tan Sinn Aeng Ben (“Ben
Tan”). On the instruction of thethird respondent, Ben Tan registered Asprez on
7 June 2004. At all material times, Asprez effectively operated under the
stewardship of thethird respondent. The main function of Asprez was to procure
conveyancing business by promise of payment of referral fees to real estate
agents. In return, the real estate agents were expected to refer clients to
Asprez. Upon engaging the services of Asprez, real estate agents would select
a lawyer from Asprez’s panel of lawyers to attend to the conveyancing aspects
of each transaction so referred by them. The firms of the four respondents
were, at different periods, on Asprez’s panel of lawyers. At the end of its
investigation, CPIB, on 15 October 2008, referred the matter to the Law
Society.

3 Charges were subsequently preferred by the Law Society against the four
respondents for making payments to Asprez in consideration of the latter’s
referrals of conveyancing work. A Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) was appointed
on 7 July 2010 to conduct formal investigations and to hear the charges
brought against them. Save for the fourth respondent, the other respondents
admitted to the charges preferred against them. Having heard the guilty pleas
of the first, second and third respondents and after a full hearing in respect
of the fourth respondent, the DT found that causes of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action existed under s 83 of the Act against the four respondents
pursuant to s 93(1)(c) of the Act.

4 Pursuant to the findings of the DT, the Law Society instituted the present
show cause proceedings against the four respondents. At the hearing before us,
the fourth respondent maintained his position taken before the DT that the
charges preferred against him had not been proven. We rejected this argument
which we will now explain.

The case against the fourth respondent

The charges against the fourth respondent

5 The fourth respondent faced two charges, _viz_ , one under s 83(2)(_e_) and
another under s 83(2)(_b_) of the Act, and two alternative charges under s
83(2)(_h_) of the Act (although nothing turned on the alternative charges).
The charges on which the fourth respondent was found guilty by the DT were as
follows:

**First charge**

That you, **Siow****Jit Thong** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme
Court of Singapore, are guilty of procuring employment for yourself and/or
your firm of conveyancing legal work between the period February 2006 to
(_sic_) August 2006 through Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd, to whom
remuneration amounting to a total sum of approximately S$33,850.00 was paid by
you and/or your firm for obtaining such employment within the meaning of
section 83(2)(e) of the Legal Profession Act.

...

**Second charge**

That you, **Siow****Jit Thong** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme
Court of Singapore, are guilty of improper conduct and practice within the
meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act, by breaching Rule
11A(2)(b) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules, being a rule
of conduct made by Council under the Legal Profession Act, to wit, by
rewarding Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd, who referred clients to you and/or
your firm with a sum of approximately S$33,850.00 between the period February
2006 to (sic) August 2006.

[emphasis in original]

The relationship between the fourth respondent and Asprez

6 The relationship between the fourth respondent and Asprez (“the two
parties”) commenced on or before 3 January 2006 when the two parties entered
into an agreement (“the Agreement”) which read as follows:

THIS AGREEMENT is made on the 3rd day of January 2006

BETWEEN

_Asprez Loan Connections Pte Ltd_ (the “ _Referror_ ”); and

_David Siow Chua & Tan LLC_, a law corporation incorporated in Singapore whose
registered office is at xxx (the “ _Firm_ ”);

WHEREAS:

The Referror is desirous of providing consultancy, training and referrals of
conveyancing services to the Firm, subject to the fulfilment of conditions
below as required under the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules and
the Legal Profession (Publicity) Rules.

IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1\. EFFECTIVE DATE

The commencement date of this agreement shall be 3rd January 2006 and continue
thereafter for a period of one (1) year.

2\. COMPLIANCE OF RULES

2.1 The Referror shall at all times comply with the Rules and the Legal
Profession (Publicity) Rules (a copy of the said Rules is attached herewith
together with this Agreement);

2.2 In the event of publicity, the Referror shall not suggest the followings:-

2.2.1 that the conveyancing service of Firm is free;

2.2.2 that different charges for the conveyancing services would be made
according to whether or not the Firm has been instructed by the client;

2.2.3 that the availability or price of the other services offered by the
Referror or any party related to the Referror are conditional on the client
instructing the Firm and

2.3 that the Referror must not do anything to impair the client’s right not to
appoint the Firm.

3 CONSULTANCY AND TRAINING

3.1 From time to time, the Referror shall provide consultancy and training on
conveyancing related matters and shall render invoices for such services to
the Firm.

4\. TERMINATION

4.1 Either the Referror and the Firm shall have the right to terminate this
Agreement should there be any breach of term and condition and the Firm may
continue to act in matters which are instructed prior to termination but
should not accept any further referrals from the Referror.

5 GOVERNING LAW

This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the
laws of Singapore.

_IN WITNESS WHEREOF_ this Agreement has been entered into the day and year
first above written.

Signed by The Referror

Signed by The Firm

[emphasis in original]

7 After the Agreement was entered into, the fourth respondent’s firm, David
Siow, Chua & Tan LLC, was placed onto Asprez’s panel of lawyers. During the
period of 6 February 2006 to 1 August 2006, the fourth respondent made seven
payments totalling $33,850 to Asprez. These payments constituted the basis of
the charges against the fourth respondent. The fourth respondent did not
dispute that the payments were made to Asprez. What he disputed was the
_purpose_ for which the payments were made. The Law Society’s case was that
the fourth respondent made these payments in consideration of Asprez’s
referrals of conveyancing work to his firm. However, the fourth respondent
contended that the payments were for consultancy and training services
rendered by Asprez to him or his firm. We pause, parenthetically, to observe
that all three purposes, _ie_ , provision of consultancy, training and
referrals of conveyancing services, were listed in the preamble of the
Agreement (at [6] above).

The findings of the DT against the fourth respondent

8 In finding the fourth respondent guilty of the charges, the DT relied upon
two main pieces of evidence, _ie_ , the Agreement and various invoices seized
from the office of Asprez during a raid conducted by CPIB (collectively
referred to as “the invoices”). Each of the invoices was addressed to the
fourth respondent’s firm. The details of the invoices were as follows:

(a) Invoice No. 06/D0201 dated 6 February 2006 for $600;

(b) Invoice No. 06/D0301 dated 2 March 2006 for $2,400;

(c) Invoice No. 06/D0401 dated 4 April 2006 for $7,800;

(d) Invoice No. 06/D0501 dated 4 May 2006 for $4,350;

(e) Revised Invoice No. 06/D0501 dated 4 May 2006 for $3,850;

(f) Invoice No. 06/D0601 dated 1 June 2006 for $6,400;

(g) Invoice No. 06/D0701 dated 1 July 2006 for $6,000; and

(h) Invoice No. 06/D0801 dated 1 August 2006 for $6,800.

9 Attached to each of the invoices (see [8] above) was a list which
purportedly detailed conveyancing transactions undertaken by the fourth
respondent or his firm (collectively referred to as “the attached lists”). The
contents of the attached lists tallied with theconveyancing register of files
of the fourth respondent’s firm. In the DT’s view, the totality of the
evidence was compelling to prove the charges against the fourth respondent. At
[15] of the DT’s report against the fourth respondent as contained in _The Law
Society of Singapore v Michael Chong Wai Yen and Others_ [2011] SGDT 6, the DT
stated:

To reiterate the Law Society’s case, it rested on Asprez’s invoices which were
duly paid by the Respondent. What the payments were for was shown in the
attached lists. The Respondent argued that the origin of each of the seven
undated lists attached to each invoice was “shrouded in mystery”. But the
transactions referred to in the lists seized by CPIB corresponded that (_sic_)
the transactions recorded in the Respondent’s Conveyancing Register. The DT is
therefore convinced that the (_sic_) each list detailed the transactions that
went to the Respondent’s firm for which payment per the invoice was due.

Our views on the DT’s findings against the fourth respondent

10 It was held in _Law Society of Singapore v Tan Guat Neo Phyllis_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 239 (“ _Phyllis Tan_ ”) that this court would be slow to disturb
findings of fact made by a DT, previously known as a disciplinary committee
(see [27] of _Phyllis Tan_):

… In this connection, we would also reiterate that the practice of this court
in relation to findings of fact made by the [disciplinary committee] is the
same as the practice of an appellate court in relation to findings of fact
made by a lower court, _ie_ , this court will not lightly disturb such
findings unless the findings are clearly wrong or against the weight of the
evidence: see _Law Society of Singapore v Lim Cheong Peng_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 360
at [13].

11 As the fourth respondent neither disputed having entered into the Agreement
nor disputed having made the payments which formed the subject matter of the
charges against him, the _purpose_ for which the fourth respondent made the
payments to Asprez was critical. In the present case, it was necessary for
this court to reassess the DT’s finding in this regard because it was premised
upon hearsay evidence. At this juncture, we would observe that the Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) applies to proceedings before a DT by virtue of rule
23(1) of the Legal Profession (Disciplinary Tribunal) Rules (Cap 161, R 2,
2010 Rev Ed):

**Application of Evidence Act**

23.—(1) The Evidence Act (Cap. 97) shall apply to proceedings before the
Disciplinary Tribunal in the same manner as it applies to civil and criminal
proceedings.

12 The fourth respondent’s challenge to the DT’s finding was founded on the
premise that the DT should not have taken cognisance of the invoices and the
attached lists in arriving at its conclusion because the makers of those
documents had not testified before the DT. Only two witnesses were called to
testify for the Law Society, _ie_ , Ben Tan and Vincent Lim (an investigator
from CPIB), neither of whom was the maker of the invoices and the attached
lists.

13 In our opinion, this submission of the fourth respondent had merits. The
contents of the invoices and the attached lists were clearly hearsay. In
Jeffrey Pinsler SC, _Evidence and the Litigation Process_ (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed,
2010) (“ _Pinsler’s_ _Evidence and the Litigation Process_ ”), the concept of
hearsay was explained thus (at para 4.01):

It is a fundamental principle that evidence adduced to prove a fact must be
reliable. Therefore a witness who gives oral evidence must generally testify
as to what he himself directly perceived, rather than to facts in issue or
relevant facts which were perceived by other persons and which were recounted
to him. Similarly, a document adduced to establish the facts it refers to in
the absence of direct evidence of the facts contained in it would be generally
inadmissible. This principle is embodied primarily by the hearsay rule which
also seeks to ensure the ‘best evidence’ is put before the court.

[footnotes omitted]

14 In the light of the fact that the DT had relied upon hearsay evidence in
determining the fourth respondent’s guilt, which it should not have, it became
necessary for us to consider whether, without relying upon the invoices and
the attached lists, the critical finding that the payments made by the fourth
respondent to Asprez were for the specific purpose of procuring conveyancing
legal work was clearly wrong or against the weight of the _admissible_
evidence.

Reassessment of the admissible evidence against the fourth respondent

Law Society’s prima facie case

15 Apart from the invoices and the attached lists, the other crucial pieces of
evidence adduced by the Law Society were the Agreement, the fact that the
fourth respondent had admitted to having made the material payments to Asprez,
and a publicity flyer of Asprez aimed at enticing housing agents to use the
services of Asprez (“the publicity flyer”). As the publicity flyer was an
important piece of evidence, it shedding substantial light on the operations
of Asprez, we set it out below:

Earning Lesser Commission From Each Transaction???

Fewer Transactions These Days???

Need More Cash???

ASPREZ is your answer!!!

At Asprez, YOU will receive

BANK REFERRAL + $500*

For each of your client’s HDB* bank loan cases which you submit through Asprez

Inform Banker to submit case through Asprez & Select a lawyer to represent
your client from Asprez Panel of Lawyers & Fax signed Letter of Offer (LO) to
Asprez at xxx

*Asprez $500 incentive will be paid for both HDB new purchase and refinance cases.

Private Property Loans Package – Bank Referral Only

FLY TO HONG KONG / BALI / BANGKOK BY BEING OUR TOP REFERRER

Submit the most cases through Asprez from 15 August 06 to 31 December 06 and
win yourself a pair of return air tickets to Hong Kong, Bali and Bangkok for
being 1st, 2nd or 3rd top referrer respectively!

Asprez Panel of Lawyers

_Law Firm_ |  _Contact Person_ |  _Contact Number_  
---|---|---  
.. |  .. |  ...  
David Siow |  Stephanie |  xxx  
  
  

Chua & Tan

LLC

...

[emphasis in original]

16 From the publicity flyer, it was clear that Asprez was soliciting referrals
of conveyancing work from housing agents through promise of financial reward.
Upon such referral of conveyancing work to Asprez, housing agents were to
select a lawyer from Asprez’s panel of lawyers to provide legal
representation. It was also abundantly clear that the scheme, as described in
the publicity flyer, was to induce housing agents, by the use of monetary
reward, to engage Asprez’s panel of lawyers – a panel which included the
fourth respondent’s firm.

17 On the basis of existence of the Agreement and the publicity flyer, we were
satisfied that a _prima facie_ case against the fourth respondent had been
made out. The Agreement listed referrals of conveyancing work to the fourth
respondent and/or his firm as one of its objectives (see [6] above). After the
Agreement was entered into, the publicity flyer was created and payments were
effected by the fourth respondent to Asprez.

18 The effect of the Law Society having established a _prima facie_ case
against the fourth respondent was that the evidential burden shifted to him to
disprove that payments were made to Asprez in consideration of referrals of
conveyancing legal work. The concept of shifting of evidential burden (albeit
in the context of a criminal case) is explained in _Pinsler’s Evidence and the
Litigation Process_ (at para 12.08):

Unlike the legal burden, the evidential burden can shift throughout the trial.
Put another way, the state of the evidence can shift so that at one moment the
prosecution’s case is strong enough to satisfy the standard of proof (proof
beyond a reasonable doubt) and at another, it is not. In the former situation,
the evidential burden shifts to the accused in the sense that if he does not
adduce evidence to bring the prosecution’s case below the standard of proof
(ie by creating a reasonable doubt), he would lose. As a matter of practice,
the court does not consider the incidence of the evidential burden at
different moments in the proceedings. The crucial time for this purpose is at
the end of the prosecution’s case. He must discharge the evidential burden by
then in order for the accused to be called upon to enter his defence. …

Fourth respondent’s rebuttal

19 We turn now to consider the fourth respondent’s evidence and whether it
sufficed in discharging the evidential burden. The fourth respondent denied
that Asprez had ever referred conveyancing legal work to him. In addition, he
denied that there was ever any agreement with Asprez that the latter would
refer conveyancing legal work to him and/or his firm. This position was
maintained by the fourth respondent in his Statement of Defence (see paras 7,
8, 11 thereof) as well as during his testimony before the DT, notwithstanding
the explicit wording of the Agreement.

20 In rebuttal, the fourth respondent claimed that one David Foo, a director
of Asprez, provided consultancy and training services to his firm (see para 9
of his Statement of Defence). Further, the fourth respondent claimed that
Asprez had expanded his network with bankers and conveyancing agents by
enabling the fourth respondent to give presentations on various legal topics
to such persons. It was for these services provided by Asprez that the fourth
respondent claimed to have made the payments to Asprez which formed the
subject matter of the charges.

21 We will now consider the fourth respondent’s evidence in respect of the
Agreement. He admitted to having drafted the Agreement. Therefore, it was
incumbent upon him to explain why he had included the phrase “referrals of
conveyancing services” as one of the objectives of the Agreement (at [6]
above) when, according to him, no such services were desired or actually
provided by Asprez. When cross examined on this issue by counsel for the Law
Society at the hearing before the DT, thefourth respondent’s answers were
nebulous and evasive (see Notes of Evidence, Day 5, at pp 40 – 42):[note: 1]

Q: You used the word “referral”. This is your agreement, okay. This didn’t
even come from Asprez. What did you intend or what did you mean by the use of
the word “referral’ in the header of this agreement?

A: I think I have to explain this in totality why this agreement was draft...
put up by them. It’s not just one word because I mentioned earlier on that
when I prepared this agreement, I make reference to the Professional Conduct
Rules. This is the reason why I imported the terms in the rules into this
agreement.

...

Q: ...Why was the word “referral” used in this agreement? Why is this called a
“Referral/Consultancy and Training Agreement”?

A: It’s a… matter of choice of words but it doesn’t end there. It has a slash
consultancy and training agreement. But you must also look at the subsequent
recital.

Q: Let’s look at the header first, Mr Siow.

A: No. It… it (_sic_) all linked up together.

…

Q: Why is the word “referral” in the header? You see, up to now from what I
understand... there has been no mention of Asprez referring any work to your
firm yet. Am I correct?

A: Yes.

Q: Right. So why did you put the word “referral” in this agreement?

A: It was not a referral agreement. But it was “Referral/Consultancy and
Training Agreement”.

Q: All right. So if I take out the word “referral”, “consultancy and training”
can stand on its own. Why did you need to put the word “referral” in front?”

A: That is you have to read together with the recital. That’s what you have to
look at the agreement in totality.

22 It is quite plain, from the exchanges above, that the fourth respondent
simply could not provide any explanation as to why he had chosen to include
the word “referral” in the preamble of the Agreement. Instead, he doggedly
maintained that he had abided by the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed) as amended by Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) (Amendment) Rules 2001 and Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
(Amendment) Rules 2005 (“the relevant Professional Conduct Rules”) and the
Legal Profession (Publicity) Rules (Cap 161, R 13, 2000 Rev Ed) (“Publicity
Rules”), both sets of rules being explicitly referred to in the Agreement (see
[6] above). However, as pertinently pointed out by counsel for the Law Society
whilst cross examining the fourth respondent, there would have been absolutely
no need to make reference to the relevant Professional Conduct Rules or the
Publicity Rules if all that Asprez was providing to the fourth respondent
and/or his firm was merely consultancy and training services (see Notes of
Evidence, Day 5, at pp 40 – 41):[note: 2]

Q: … For somebody to provide you training and consultancy, you don’t need an
agreement actually in the first place. I…I can understand you wanting to
formalise an agreement. Why did you need to look at the Professional Conduct
Rules even if there was going to be no reference of work to your firm? Why…
would you even be looking at the Professional Conduct Rules? I’m trying to
understand this. If somebody is merely providing you consultancy and training,
why was there a need… for you to look at the Professional Conduct Rules? Can
you explain that?

A: Yes, of course. As I mentioned earlier on, this agreement is for
consultancy and training. I have looked through the Professional Conduct
Rules. My learned counsel mentioned that it’s only relevant to referral but it
doesn’t confine to that because when I enter into this agreement for
consultancy and training, I want to ensure that Asprez did not cause [David
Siow, Chua & Tan LLC] to run foul of the rules. So I want to comply with the
rules. So having a consultancy and training agreement doesn’t mean that it
prohibits me from using these rules to tie Asprez’s hands. So I thought that
would be the safest way to tie Asprez’s hands.

Quite simply, this answer of the fourth respondent to the question posed by
counsel for the Law Society is a _non sequiter_.

23 Thefourth respondent further testified that he had expressly referred to
Rule 11B which was introduced _vide_ _s_ 410/2001, _viz_ , Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) (Amendment) Rules 2001 (“Rule 11B”)) whilst drafting
the Agreement in order not to fall foul of the relevant Professional Conduct
Rules. We will now see in what way Rule 11B was germane. It reads:

**Agreement for referrals**

11B. —(1) In addition to rule 11A, when an advocate and solicitor or a law
practice enters into agreements for referrals of conveyancing services, the
advocate and solicitor or law practice, as the case may be, shall ensure that
the agreement is made in writing and contains the following terms:

(a) the referror undertakes in such an agreement to comply with these Rules
and the Legal Profession (Publicity) Rules (R 13);

(b) the advocate and solicitor or law practice shall be entitled to terminate
the agreement forthwith if there is reason to believe that the referror is in
breach of any of the terms of the agreement;

(c) any publicity of the referror (whether written or otherwise), which makes
reference to any service that may be provided by the advocate and solicitor or
law practice, must not suggest any of the following:

(i) that the conveyancing service is free;

(ii) that different charges for the conveyancing services would be made
according to whether or not the client instructs the particular advocate and
solicitor or law practice; or

(iii) that the availability or price of other services offered by the referror
or any party related to the referror are conditional on the client instructing
the advocate and solicitor or law practice; and

(d) the referror must not do anything to impair the right of the client not to
appoint the advocate and solicitor or law practice or in any way influence the
right of the client to appoint the advocate and solicitor or law practice of
his choice.

(2) The advocate and solicitor or law practice, as the case may be, must
forthwith terminate the agreement if the referror is in breach of any term
referred to in paragraph (1) or if there is reason to believe that the
advocate and solicitor or law practice is in breach of such term.

(3) Where the advocate and solicitor or law practice has terminated an
agreement under paragraph (2), the advocate and solicitor or law practice, as
the case may be, may continue to act in matters the advocate and solicitor or
law practice was instructed prior to the termination but should not accept any
further referrals from the referror.

24 Clearly, Rule 11B deals solely with agreements for referrals of
conveyancing services. Given thefourth respondent’s position that the
Agreement only pertained to training and consultancy services, it was
incumbent upon him to explain why Rule 11B was incorporated into the Agreement
which he had drafted. When pressed by counsel for the Law Society as to why
Rule 11B was even referred to when, according to him the Agreement had nothing
to do with the referral of conveyancing services, the fourth respondent was
again evasive and gave a wholly incoherent answer (see Notes of Evidence, Day
5, at pp 47 – 48):[note: 3]

Q: Right. So why were you looking at rule 11B if at that point in time you had
no discussion between yourselves and Asprez for referral of conveyancing files
or conveyancing work? Why was this rule even relevant? This is a relevant rule
only for agreements for referrals.

A: I think I have answered this question. I have entered into an agreement of
consultancy and training. But as I mentioned, I want to tie Asprez’s hands. I
do not want Asprez to cause my firm, [David Siow, Chua & Tan LLC], to run
fouls [sic] of the rules. I want to comply with the rules. This is the reason
why I made reference to 11B and to import the terms in the rules into this
agreement.

25 From the matters referred to in [21] – [24] above, we were satisfied that
the fourth respondent was either less than truthful or he just could not
provide any credible answer. His attempted replies to those very pertinent
questions simply did not make sense. Thus, the inevitable conclusion was that
the fourth respondent and Asprez had entered into an agreement for referral of
conveyancing work from the latter to the former.

26 While from the foregoing it was plain that the fourth respondent intended
to receive referrals of conveyancing work from Asprez by entering into the
Agreement, the fourth respondent could still disprove the charges by showing
that the payments made to Asprez were not in consideration for having received
such referrals. We will now turn to consider his explanations for having made
the payments to Asprez. In this regard, the fourth respondent claimed to have
been accorded opportunities to deliver presentations to bankers and property
agents, as well as mingle with such persons, at events organised by Asprez. It
was for such business opportunities which were made available by Asprez to the
fourth respondent that the payments were effected to Asprez. However, he was
unable to furnish any evidence, other than his bare assertions, which showed
that Asprez had in fact organised such events or activities (see Notes of
Evidence, Day 6, at p 6):[note: 4]

Q: So, Mr. Siow, is it your evidence that everything was oral and there’s not
one single piece of written communication or email between Asprez and your
company informing you of any single networking event?

...

A: ... But there are no correspondence (_sic_) between Asprez. There’s no need
for correspondence.

27 In respect of the alleged presentations made by him at events purportedly
coordinated by Asprez, the fourth respondent – while claiming to have used
materials whilst making such presentations – was not able to furnish any
evidence of those materials which he had used to make the presentations. This
was conceded during cross examination (see Notes of Evidence, Day 6, at p
8):[note: 5]

Q: ... Did you… have something in writing that you presented or you just went
there and talk again?

A: No, we have materials, yes, of course.

Q: ... have you exhibited any of these materials?

A: Exhibited not in the affidavit…

28 The fourth respondent further claimed that some of the payments made were
in respect of logistical and administrative expenses incurred by Asprez for
arranging the events and yet he was unable to state exactly what he was paying
for. He simply did not know how much he would be billed by Asprez in respect
of such expenses as could be seen from his answers in cross-examination (see
Notes of Evidence, Day 5, at pp 30 – 31):[note: 6]

Q: What was the discussion on payment with Mr David? Did Mr David Foo tell
you... how much you had to pay?

A: As I mentioned, all the… logistical and administrative expenses were
incurred by Asprez, and it will be substantial expenses. So… I am agreeable to
pay a reasonable sum to chip in into the portion of these expenses.

…

Q: Did you know how much you were going to be billed?

A: I will not be able to know.

Q: Then how can you enter into an arrangement when you don’t know how much
you’re going to be billed?

...

A: It depends on the number of events that I’ve lined up. It depends on the
number of talks, number of seminars and the events… for the month. That’s the
reason why I will need to know estimated cost at the beginning of the month
for what are the events that’s lined up for me.

The fourth respondent’s evidence in respect of the alleged services rendered
by Asprez to him and/or his firm lacked credibility. He not only failed to
adduce any documentary evidence to prove that he had indeed made presentations
at the purported business gatherings, he also could not provide any reasonable
account for the sums of monies paid to Asprez. At the hearing of the show
cause proceedings before us, in order to give him a further opportunity to
prove what he alleged, we enquired if the fourth respondent had diary entries
pertaining to his attendance at the events purportedly organised by Asprez.
His counsel answered in the negative.

Our findings against the fourth respondent

29 In the premises, we found that the fourth respondent failed to rebut the
_prima facie_ case presented by the Law Society against him. It was evident
that the Agreement which the fourth respondent entered into with Asprez
involved referrals of conveyancing work to the him and/or his firm, and,
viewing it together with the publicity flyer (see [15] above), we had no
hesitation in holding that the payments to Asprez were made pursuant to the
Agreement in consideration for such referrals. In the result, we hold that the
charges against the fourth respondent had been proven beyond a reasonable
doubt even without having to rely on the invoices and the attached lists,
which we have earlier ruled to be hearsay evidence (see [13] above).

The respective cases against thefirst, second and third respondents

The charge against the first respondent

30 We now set out in brief the case raised against each of the other three
respondents. As against the first respondent, the Law Society proceeded only
with one charge under s 83(2)_(h)_ of the Act to which he pleaded guilty. The
charge (as amended on 28 October 2010) read:

That you, **MICHAEL CHONG WAI YEN** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme
Court of Singapore, are guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable
profession within the meaning of section 83(2)(_h_) of the Legal Profession
Act, to wit, by paying a total sum of approximately S$157,900.00 to Asprez
Loans Connections Pte Ltd between the period December 2005 to (_sic_) August
2006, in consideration of Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd referring clients
to you and/or your firm.

[emphasis in original]

31 The first respondent was an advocate and solicitor of 11 years standing.
During the material times, he was a partner at Messrs Chee & Michael Chong
Partnership. In circumstances similar to that of the fourth respondent, the
first respondent joined Asprez’s panel of lawyers towards the end of 2005 on
the understanding that Asprez would, in exchange for payment, refer
conveyancing legal work to the first respondent and/or his firm. Thereafter,
from December 2005 to August 2006, a period of nine months, the first
respondent made payments to Asprez which totalled $157,900. The payments were
in consideration of Asprez referring conveyancing legal work to the first
respondent and/or his firm. The first respondent pleaded guilty to this
charge.

The charge against the second respondent

32 The Law Society proceeded on one charge, under s 83(2)_(h)_ of the Act, to
which the second respondent pleaded guilty. The charge read:

That you, **KENNETH TAN CHONG PENG** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the
Supreme Court of Singapore, are guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an
advocate and solicitor as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an
honourable profession within the meaning of section 83(2)(_h_) of the Legal
Profession Act, to wit, by paying a total sum of approximately S$79,400.00 to
Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd between the period December 2004 to (_sic_)
February 2006, in consideration of Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd referring
clients to you and/or your firm.

[emphasis in original]

33 The second respondent was an advocate and solicitor of 22 years standing.
At all material times, he was a director of Asia Law Corporation. The second
respondent joined Asprez’s panel of lawyers sometime in 2004 on the
understanding that Asprez would, in exchange for payment, refer conveyancing
legal work to the second respondent and/or his firm. Thereafter, from December
2004 to February 2006, a period of 15 months, the second respondent made
payments to Asprez which totalled $79,400.

The charges against the third respondent

34 After representations, the Law Society proceeded on three charges against
the third respondent under ss 83(2)(_b_) and 83(2)(_e_) of the Act. The third
respondent pleaded guilty to the following three charges:

**First charge**

That you, **YAP KOK KIONG** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court
of Singapore at all material times, are guilty of improper conduct and
practice within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act,
by breaching Rule 11A(2)(b) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules, being a rule of conduct made by Council under the Legal Profession Act,
to wit, that you had, through Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd as your
nominee, between June 2004 until (_sic_) August 2006, made payments to various
(unidentified) real estate agents, sums of approximately $200.00 for each file
and/or client referred to you and/or your firm by such real estate agents
through a company which you controlled, namely Asprez Loans Connections Pte
Ltd.

**Second charge**

That you, **YAP KOK KIONG** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court
of Singapore at all material times, are guilty of directly or indirectly,
procuring or attempting to procure the employment for yourself and/or your
firm of conveyancing legal work between the period October 2005 to (_sic_)
March 2006 through Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd, to whom remuneration
amounting to a total sum of approximately $410,000.00 was paid by you and/or
your firm or agreed or promised to be paid by you and/or your firm for
obtaining such employment within the meaning of section 83(2)(e) of the Legal
Profession Act.

**Third charge**

That you, **YAP KOK KIONG** , an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court
of Singapore at all material times, are guilty of improper conduct and
practice within the meaning of section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act,
by breaching Rule 11A(2)(b) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules, being a rule of conduct made by Council under the Legal Profession Act,
to wit, by making arrangements to reward Asprez Loans Connections Pte Ltd, who
referred clients to you and/or your firm, with a total sum of approximately
$410,000.00 between the period October 2005 to (_sic_) March 2006.

[emphasis in original]

35 The third respondent was an advocate and solicitor of 17 years standing
prior to him ceasing practice in January 2007. At all material times, he was
the sole proprietor of KK Yap & Partners. As stated at [2] above, Asprez was
set up by Ben Tan on the instruction of the third respondent with the aim of
using it to obtain referral of conveyancing legal work from real estate agents
for consideration

36 From June 2004 to August 2006, using funds provided by the third respondent
and/or his firm, Asprez paid sums of approximately $200 to various
unidentified real estate agents for each file and/or client referred to
Asprez. Such work and/or client were, in turn, referred to the third
respondent and/or his firm. Plainly, the payments made were referral fees
provided by the third respondent and/or his firm to the said estate agents in
consideration of work and/or clients referred to him and/or his law firm
through Asprez.

37 Documents seized from the third respondent showed the magnitude of the
dealings between the third respondent and Asprez. Between October 2005 and
March 2006, Asprez issued the following invoices to the third respondent’s
firm:

(a)

Invoice No. 05/K1001 dated 18 October 2005 for the sum of $80,000;

(b)

Invoice No. 05/K1101 dated 7 November 2005 for the sum of $50,000;

(c)

Invoice No. 05/K1201 dated 12 December 2005 for the sum of $50,000;

(d)

Invoice No. 06/K0104 dated 4 January 2006 for the sum of $50,000;

(e)

Invoice No. 06/K0201 dated 8 February 2006 for the sum of $50,000 ;

(f)

Invoice No. 06/K0202 dated 24 February 2006 for the sum of $50,000; and

(g)

Invoice No. 06/K0301 dated 6 March 2006 for the sum of $80,000.

38 In total, during the period October 2005 to March 2006, the third
respondent and/or his firm paid Asprez a sum of $410,000 in respect of the
referrals of conveyancing work.

39 As noted in [30], [32] and [34] above, the first, second and third
respondents pleaded guilty to the respective charges proceeded against them.
We now turn to the appropriate sanction that should be imposed on the four
respondents.

Parties’ submission on the appropriate sanctions

40 In this regard, we will first refer to the mitigating factors highlighted
by counsel for each of the respondents.

The first respondent

41 His counsel underscored the fact that the first respondent was a first time
offender who demonstrated contrition by pleading guilty at the first available
opportunity. In addition, the first respondent submitted that he was not the
perpetrator of the agreement between him and/or his law firm and Asprez.
Instead, he was approached by David Foo who mooted the idea of liaising with
Asprez. The first respondent also submitted that his act of terminating the
agreement with Asprez was a clear demonstration of his genuine remorse.

The second respondent

42 The second respondent pointed out that he ran foul of the professional
rules as a result of being solicited by Ben Tan of Asprez. In any event, he
was truly remorseful for his conduct and this was evidenced by his terminating
the agreement with Asprez even before CPIB commenced investigations. In
support of his submission that he was of good character, the second respondent
provided evidence of voluntary services rendered to several organisations.

The third respondent

43 The third respondent contended that all three charges against him were
essentially based upon the same conduct complained of. As such, he submitted
that this court should not enhance his punishment based on the number of
charges he faced. In this regard, he argued that all three charges were really
different ways of complaining about the same conduct. In support of this
contention, the third respondent relied on the case of _Law Society of Hong
Kong v Solicitor_ [2009] HKEC 271 where the Hong Kong Court of Appeal stated
at [25]:

… Where, as here, the tribunal’s disapproval is of a course of conduct over a
period of time, it is inappropriate and unsatisfactory, to say the least, to
frame the complaint as two separate complaints by artificially isolating the
beginning and the end of that course of conduct and in making those the
subject matter of two separate complaints. Rather, it should have focused on
the overall course of conduct and have made that the subject matter of the
complaint.

44 In this regard, we ought to mention that s 40 of the Interpretation Act
(Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“Interpretation Act”) which applies only to the
commission of criminal offences, although not referred to by the third
respondent, is nevertheless germane as disciplinary proceedings are quasi-
criminal in nature which could lead to the imposition of punitive sanction(s).
That section reads:

**Provision as to offences under 2 or more laws**

40\. Where any act or omission constitutes an offence under 2 or more written
laws, the offender shall, unless the contrary intention appears, be liable to
be prosecuted and punished under any one of those written laws but shall not
be liable to be punished twice for the same offence.

45 The statutory predecessor of s 40 of the Interpretation Act, _ie_ , s 41 of
the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1985 Rev Ed), was considered in the case of
_Tan Khee Koon v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 404 (“ _Tan Khee Koon_ ”).
In that case, the appellant was tried and convicted on a charge of having
attempted to corruptly receive gratification of $20,000, as well as on a
separate charge of having received gratification amounting to approximately
$5,260. In respect of the latter charge, the evidence revealed that out of the
sum of $5,260, $4,500 was actually in part payment of the sum of $20,000 which
the appellant attempted to receive. The question then was whether there was
“double counting” in respect of the charge for having received $4,500, and the
attempt to receive $20,000. The court ruled in the affirmative. The reasoning
of the court, at [104] – [109], was as follows:

104 The Prosecution's argument was that s 41[of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1,
1985 Rev Ed)] did not assist at all as it deals with two or more written laws.
On the contrary, it must follow, _a fortiori_ , that the prohibition must
apply where the offences are under the same written laws. It was noted by the
Prosecution correctly though that the effect of the provision is that while
the same set of facts may establish liability under two or more written laws,
there cannot be double punishment for the same offence.

105 The term "same offence" was dealt with in _Jamali bin Adnan v PP_ [1986] 1
MLJ 162, where it was considered by Seah SCJ that whether two or more offences
were the same offence entails the existence of the same essential ingredients.
Regard must be had to the ingredients of attempt and commission to determine
whether they are essentially the same. While it is possible to find
similarities in the elements, a substantive difference is that an attempt
necessarily lacks some part of the _actus_ _reus_. It is possible then to say
that attempts and commissions are separate offences. This may be construing
the phrase "same offence" all too narrowly, but an alternative reasoning will
be applied.

106 Though the ingredients of attempt and commission may differ and the
_Jamali bin Adnan_ test may not be satisfied, the charges preferred are still
defective, as attempt and commission are mutually exclusive, that is that an
act cannot be both an attempt as well as a commission of a particular offence.

107 No definition is given in the Act or the Penal Code of what constitutes an
attempt. In the context of s 511 of the Malaysian Penal Code, _in_ _pari_
_materia_ with s 511 of our code, it was said by Ajaib Singh J in _Thiangiah v
PP_ [1977] 1 MLJ 79 that:

Stephen's time-honoured definition of an attempt is valid and strong as ever
today: An attempt to commit a crime is an act done with intent to commit that
crime, and forming part of a series of acts, which would constitute its actual
commission if it were not interrupted.

108 From this definition, it is evident that a criminal act is no longer an
attempt when it completes the commission of an offence. The same definition
would apply to s 6(_a_). A single transaction cannot be both an attempt and a
commission. Similarly neither could a single act be both an agreement to
accept and acceptance.

109 Attempts and commissions thus cannot overlap. A person who attempts to
commit murder logically cannot be charged with murder as well. Either he
completed the act or he did not. There can be no intermediate state. It may be
argued that provisions of the CPC actually recognise the possibility that
attempts and commissions may be charged separately. Such an argument is seen
to be misconceived once the provisions are examined closely.

46 An analysis of the three charges against the third respondent (at [34]
above) reveals certain common elements. The gravamen of the first charge was
that the third respondent made payments amounting to $200 for each file which
was referred to him by real estate agents _via_ Asprez in the period from June
2004 to August 2006. As for the second charge, the third respondent was
charged for having procured or attempting to procure legal business through
Asprez by paying a sum of $410,000 from October 2005 to March 2006, with the
emphasis being on procurement of legal business through payment incentive.
Finally, in respect of the third charge, the third respondent was charged with
having made arrangements to reward Asprez with $410,000 for referring legal
business to him or his firm from October 2005 to March 2006, with the emphasis
being on making arrangements to obtain legal work through monetary incentive.

47 It would be apparent that the elements of the second and third charges are
very similar, _ie_ , to obtain legal work by the payment or offer of monetary
incentive. The conduct of the third respondent which was the basis of the
first charge against him could be regarded as the follow-up to the acts which
formed the basis for the second and third charges. What the principle in _Tan_
_Khee Koon_ prohibits is the charging of a person for having arranged (or
attempted) to cheat the victim _and_ (emphasis added) the actual act of
cheating itself. While it would appear that the second and third charges were
distinct from that of the first charge, it is clear that, following the spirit
of the principle enunciated in _Tan Khee Koon_ , the real wrongdoing of the
third respondent in respect of all three charges was in sharing legal fees
earned with someone who was not entitled to enjoy any portion of the fees.
Thus in determining the appropriate punishment, the number of charges brought
against an advocate and solicitor in such circumstances should not be given
much weight. Instead, the relevant factors would be, _inter alia_ , the period
during which the wrongdoing was carried out and the quantum of the fees shared
with someone who was not entitled to receive those fees.

48 We pause, at this juncture, to observe that the same principle (discussed
at [43] – [47] above) applies equally to the charges against the fourth
respondent. The first charge against the fourth respondent was for having
procured employment for himself and/or his firm through Asprez by paying
$33,850 for the period February 2006 to August 2006. The second charge was for
having rewarded Asprez with the same sum of money over the same period for
referring clients to him and/or his firm. These two charges were based on the
same wrongdoing, the difference being that each charge emphasised a different
aspect of the wrongdoing. The acts of procuring legal business through paying
Asprez and rewarding Asprez through payment for referrals were essentially the
same acts. Thus we accepted the submission that the fourth respondent should
not be punished as if he had committed two separate offences. At this
juncture, we would observe that the practice of preferring multiple charges
based upon the same misconduct should be eschewed.

49 In addressing the court on the appropriate sentence, the third respondent
submitted that he was remorseful and highlighted the fact that he had
voluntarily ceased practise since January 2007, soon after CPIB sought his
assistance in its investigations. His departure from KK Yap & Partners was
premised on his desire not to compromise the reputation of the firm. He left
the legal profession in January 2007 as he did not wish to enhance the “risk
of embarrassing the profession” arising from the present wrongdoing. The third
respondent submitted that he was really contrite and thus did not challenge
the allegations at the inquiry stage before the Inquiry Committee and pleaded
guilty to the charges brought against him by the Law Society before the DT. He
did not file any defence either.

50 On the significance of his voluntary act of ceasing practice since January
2007, which amounted to a “four year suspension”, he relied upon the case of
_Law Society of Singapore v Tan Chwee Wan Allan_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 699 (“ _Allan
Tan_ ”) in support of the argument that his voluntary cessation of legal
practise constituted a weighty mitigating factor. In _Allan Tan_ , this court
stated at [51]:

We also noted that the respondent had voluntarily left practice for over two
years after he was informed of his breaches of the SA Rules [_ie_ , Legal
Profession (Solicitors' Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed)]. This
would have been an extremely lucrative and profitable period of practice for a
conveyancing solicitor. According to counsel for the respondent, Mr Chandra
Mohan K Nair (“Mr Mohan”), for a solicitor with a standing of about 15 years,
leaving practice for two years was a drastic self-imposed punishment. Mr Mohan
added that his client was extremely remorseful and that the disciplinary
proceedings had taken a severe toll on the latter.

51 Lastly, the third respondent made the point that he was of good character,
and that his offending conduct did not compromise his clients’ interests in
any way.

The fourth respondent

52 In mitigation, after this court had made its determination on the finding
of guilt, counsel for the fourth respondent submitted that the latter was of
good character, and that he was remorseful for having committed the offences.
In addition, the fourth respondent strongly asserted that there was little
public interest in imposing a suspension of a protracted period due to the
shortage of lawyers in Singapore.

Sentencing precedents

53 In considering the appropriate sanctions, we would refer to two previous
cases where similar wrongdoings, albeit of a wholly different magnitude, were
committed, _ie, Law Society of Singapore v Tan Buck Chye Dave_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
581 (“ _Tan Buck Chye Dave_ ”) and _Phyllis Tan._

54 In _Tan Buck Chye Dave_ , the respondent, who pleaded guilty to three
charges under s 83(2)(_e_) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)
(“the LPA”), attempted to procure employment in respect of conveyancing
matters by offering to pay varying sums of money to estate agents. This court,
in imposing a suspension of 6 months, stated (at [31] of _Tan Buck Chye Dave_)
that “there were strong mitigating factors in the present case. If they had
not been present, we would have been compelled to impose an even more severe
sanction on the respondent.” The mitigating factors referred to by the court
were the following:

(a) None of the conveyancing transactions (tainted by payment of referral
fees) were actually completed (at [19] of _Tan Buck Chye Dave_);

(b) The respondent’s inability to complete the conveyancing transactions was
due to his own volition (at [20] of _Tan Buck Chye Dave_);

(c) The respondent pleaded guilty at the first opportunity (at [22] of _Tan
Buck Chye Dave_); and

(d) There was no proven dishonesty on the part of the respondent (at [23] of
_Tan Buck Chye Dave_).

55 The factor stated at (b) above warrants elaboration. The respondent there
was approached by an entrapping investigative agency which sought to know what
the respondent would be willing to offer the former for introducing clients to
the latter. The entrapping agency and the respondent struck an agreement under
which for every conveyancing business referred, the respondent would pay the
entrapping agency $200 per deal. After the agreement was reached, the
respondent did not follow up on the agreement at all by contacting the
entrapping agent. It was through this voluntary omission on the part of the
respondent that no conveyancing deals were actually done under the offending
arrangement.

56 It was quite clear that _Tan Buck Chye Dave_ represented a case in which
the respondent was contrite soon after the arrangement was reached. He was
guilty of an attempt to commit the offence and the only reason why he did not
carry out what was agreed upon was his belated sense of realisation that what
he had agreed to do was wrong. The conduct of the respondent in _Tan Buck Chye
Dave_ represented culpability at the lower end of the scale.

57 The respondent in _Phyllis Tan_ , on the other hand, was preferred with one
charge for professional misconduct under s 83(2)(_e_) and an alternative
charge under s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA for attempting to procure employment in
respect of a conveyancing matter by offering remuneration in the form of a
gift voucher worth $200 (see [2] of _Phyllis Tan_). The respondent contested
the charges but was eventually found guilty of both the main and alternative
charges. The respondent was suspended for a period of 15 months.

Our decision on the appropriate punishments

58 We must, at this juncture, observe that the misconduct committed by the
four respondents in these proceedings involved the most severe of illicit
referral agreements that have been dealt with by this court. Previous cases
involving similar misconduct paled in comparison with the pecuniary magnitude
of the offending conduct of the four respondents. The systematic manner in
which referrals were obtained by the four respondents in the present cases,
_via_ Asprez, was also unprecedented and audacious, as compared to the
previous cases.

59 Quite clearly, all four respondents should be punished with sanctions far
exceeding those imposed in _Tan Buck Chye Dave_ and _Phyllis Tan_. Save for
the pleas of guilt of the first to third respondents, the mitigating factors
present in _Tan Buck Chye Dave_ (at [54] above]), which this court gave much
weight to, were absent in respect of the four respondents. The four
respondents’ offending conduct emanated from pure avarice, and extended over
protracted periods of time. Their misconduct was systematic, involving large
number of referrals and significant sums of money, unlike that of an isolated
misconduct involved in _Phyllis Tan_.

The first and second respondents

60 The culpabilities and mitigating factors of the first and second
respondents were largely similar notwithstanding the differences in the period
during which the offending conduct was carried out and the sums involved. The
first respondent paid remuneration amounting to $157,900 over a period of
approximately 9 months, whilst the second respondent paid the sum of $79,400
over a period of approximately 15 months. Evidently, the first respondent had
paid a larger sum of money over a shorter period of time as compared to the
second respondent. The mitigating factors put forth by counsel (at [41] – [42]
above]) for both respondents also did not differ substantially.

61 Bearing in mind that for an isolated act of misconduct in _Phyllis Tan_ a
penalty of 15 months suspension was imposed, it must follow that a much more
severe penalty should be imposed on the first and second respondents. In our
judgment, doubling the period of suspension imposed in _Phyllis Tan_ for both
these two respondents would be amply warranted and we accordingly so ordered.

The third respondent

62 The Law Society recognised that the third respondent should receive a
heavier sentence than the first and second respondents. In this regard, the
Law Society highlighted the fact that the third respondent was the brain which
hatched this scheme of paying estate agents in return for referral of
conveyancing work to listed legal firms and who, for the purpose of
implementing that scheme, created the entity, Asprez. Secondly, the Law
Society underscored the fact that, unlike the first and second respondents,
the third respondent had previously been involved in disciplinary proceedings
for similar offences.

63 In _The Law Society of Singapore v Ong Poh_ _Pway Lina and Another_ [2002]
SGDSC 1, the third respondent and his partner offered to refund half of the
legal fees paid by the owners of a collective sale of residential units in
Phoenix Mansion if such owners were to engage them to act in the purchase of a
new property within 6 months from completion. The Disciplinary Committee found
that no cause of sufficient gravity existed for disciplinary action. The third
respondent and his partner were each reprimanded pursuant to s 93(1)(_b_) of
the LPA.

64 In _The Law Society v Yap Kok Kiong_ [2006] SGDSC 14, the third respondent
pleaded guilty to a charge under s 83(2)(_h_) of the LPA for having “engaged
in the practice of giving rewards in the form of gift vouchers to real estate
agents who referred clients and business to M/S K K Yap & Partners”. The
Disciplinary Committee found that no cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action existed and the third respondent was again reprimanded by
the Disciplinary Committee.

65 We agreed with the submission of counsel for the Law Society that the third
respondent’s culpability far exceeded that of the other three respondents. We
noted that not only had he previously been reprimanded for similar misconduct,
and never seemed to have learned, he had in the present case gone from bad to
worse, by conjuring an illicit business model – by orchestrating the setting
up of Asprez – and committing the same misconduct on a larger scale and in the
process, encouraging and facilitating the other three respondents to commit
the same misconduct. In short, he was the mastermind and the villain, and
seemed to us to be incorrigible. In the circumstances, and in the interest of
upholding the integrity of the profession, we felt that he ought to be struck
off the Roll and we so ordered.

The fourth respondent

66 In determining the appropriate penalty to be imposed on the fourth
respondent, we noted that unlike the other respondents, the fourth respondent
did not admit to the charges but claimed trial. However, we also noted that
the amount which he had paid to the estate agent was the smallest among the
four respondents which would necessarily mean that he had received the least
number of referrals from the estate agents. Moreover, the period of his
involvement in the scheme was also the shortest among the four respondents.
Notably, his challenge based on the inadmissibility of part of the Law
Society’s evidence (at [10] – [14] above), was not entirely without merit.

67 All considered, we felt that imposing on him a similar penalty as that
imposed on the first and second respondents would not be inappropriate,
because while he had (unlike the first and second respondents) claimed trial
and had taken a technical objection against the Law Society’s case (though as
stated not without merit), this had to be balanced against the fact that he
received the least number of referrals and was involved in the scheme for the
shortest period.

The third respondent’s argument on costs for the present proceedings

68 Finally, we will address an argument raised by the third respondent where
he contended that no order on costs should be made against him in relation to
the present proceedings. He submitted that the Law Society should not have
referred this matter to the court of three Judges, it being superfluous, as he
had given an undertaking not to practise for 5 years (“the Undertaking”). At
the hearing before the DT, the third respondent stated that he was willing to
furnish the Undertaking to the Law Society and the DT, as well as pay a
penalty of $20,000 as evidence of his remorse. The third respondent contended
that the Undertaking, if accepted, would have fulfilled the sentencing aims as
advanced by the Law Society, _viz_ , protection of the public, and the third
respondent would also have been punished.

69 In response to this argument, the Law Society averred that, based on s 93
of the Act, the DT “simply did not have the power to accept and give effect to
the third respondent’s Undertaking.”

70 It was abundantly clear that this argument of the third respondent is
wholly without merit. It showed a lack of understanding of the disciplinary
process under the Act.

The disciplinary process under the Act

71 After hearing a matter referred to it, the DT can, in conclusion, only make
one of three findings as provided for in s 93 of the Act:

**Findings of Disciplinary Tribunal**

93.—(1) After hearing and investigating any matter referred to it, a
Disciplinary Tribunal shall record its findings in relation to the facts of
the case and according to those facts shall determine that —

(a) no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under
section 83;

(b) while no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under
that section, the advocate and solicitor should be reprimanded or ordered to
pay a penalty sufficient and appropriate to the misconduct committed; or

(c) cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under that
section.

72 Upon the DT’s finding that cause of sufficient gravity exists pursuant to s
93(c) above, s 94 of the Act requires the Law Society to make an application
under s 98 of the Act. Section 94 provides:

**Society to apply to court if cause of sufficient gravity exists**

94.—(1) If the determination of the Disciplinary Tribunal under section 93 is
that cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under section
83, the Society _shall without further direction_ make an application under
section 98 within one month from the date of the determination of the
Disciplinary Tribunal.

[emphasis added]

73 Upon an application being made under s 98, the court of three Judges has
the power to deal with the advocate and solicitor in question in accordance
with s 83 of the Act :

**Power to strike off roll, etc.**

83.—(1) All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of the
Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown —

(a) to be struck off the roll;

(b) to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(c) to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000;

(d) to be censured; or

(e) to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (c) in addition to the
punishment referred to in paragraph (b) or (_d_).

(2) Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor —

.......

(b) has been guilty of fraudulent or grossly improper conduct in the discharge
of his professional duty or guilty of such a breach of any usage or rule of
conduct made by the Council under the provisions of this Act as amounts to
improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor;

...

(e) has, directly or indirectly, procured or attempted to procure the
employment of himself, of any advocate and solicitor or, in relation only to
the practice of Singapore law, of any foreign lawyer registered by the
Attorney-General under section 130I through or by the instruction of any
person to whom any remuneration for obtaining such employment has been given
by him or agreed or promised to be so given;

...

(h) has been guilty of such misconduct unbefitting an advocate and solicitor
as an officer of the Supreme Court or as a member of an honourable profession;

…

74 The crux of the third respondent’s argument was that the DT should have
accepted the Undertaking and made a finding under s 93(1)(_b_) of the Act that
“while no cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action exists under
that section, the advocate and solicitor should be reprimanded or ordered to
pay a penalty sufficient and appropriate to the misconduct committed”. In our
opinion, this argument distorts the statutory duty of the DT under s 93(1) of
the Act which requires the DT to consider all the circumstances of the case
and make a determination accordingly. The effect of the third respondent’s
argument amounts to saying that the DT should not have made a determination
that a cause of sufficient gravity existed when the evidence clearly justified
the making of such a determination and for the case to proceed further before
the court of three Judges to be dealt with under s 83(1) of the Act. The third
respondent’s argument would subvert the disciplinary process under the Act and
consequently usurp the jurisdiction of the court of three Judges to impose the
appropriate punishment for the misconduct in question: see _Law Society of
Singapore v Jasmine Gowrimani d/o Daniel_ [2010] 3 SLR 390 (“ _Jasmine
Gowrimani_ ”) at [24] and [26]. The argument is wholly without merit and seems
to be premised upon the untenable assumption that this court would only impose
a punishment of a 5 year suspension and a penalty of $20,000 on the third
respondent.

75 We therefore rejected the argument and held that the costs of the Law
Society in the present proceedings be borne by all the four respondents.

Conclusion

76 We reiterate our view in [58] above that the misconduct on the part of the
four respondents was most severe in terms of scale and magnitude as compared
to those which have been previously dealt with by this court. In the light of
all the relevant circumstances, we ordered that the first, second and fourth
respondents be suspended for a period of 30 months and that the third
respondent be struck of the roll.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (Vol V Part H) at pp237-239

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings (Vol V Part H) at pp237-238

[note: 3]Record of Proceedings (Vol V Part H) at pp 244-245

[note: 4]Record of Proceedings (Vol V Part I) at p 12

[note: 5]Record of Proceedings (Vol V Part I) at p 14

[note: 6]Record of Proceedings (Vol V Part H) at pp 227- 228

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

