Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Republic Airconditioning (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Shinsung Eng Co Ltd (Singapore
Branch)  
[2012] SGHC 46

Case Number| :| Suit No 351 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 397of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cheah Kok Lim (counsel instructed) and C P Lee (C P Lee &
Co) for the plaintiff; S Magintharan and James Liew (Essex LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Republic Airconditioning (S) Pte Ltd — Shinsung Eng Co Ltd
(Singapore Branch)  
  
6 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was an appeal by Shinsung Eng Co. Ltd (“the defendant”) in Registrar’s
Appeal No 397 of 2011 (“the Appeal”) against the decision of the Assistant
Registrar in granting Republic Airconditioning (S) Pte Ltd (“the plaintiff”)
summary judgment for the sum of $323,500.31 together with interest. I
dismissed the Appeal. As the defendant has appealed (in Civil Appeal No 9 of
2012) against my decision, I now set out the grounds for my decision.

The background

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore, while the defendant is
a Korean company registered in Singapore whose business comprises of building
and construction works in Singapore. In or about December 2009, the defendant
secured a project with Rolls Royce Pte Ltd for the erection of a single-user
industrial factory at the Seletar Aerospace Park (“the project”). On 2
September 2010, the defendant entered into an agreement with the plaintiff
(“the contract”), for the latter to supply labour for the project. The
contract sets out, _inter alia_ , the following terms:

(a) The daily rates for skilled workers and semi-skilled workers;

(b) The normal working hours and what constituted over-time;

(c) That all workers were to be equipped with the necessary personal
protective equipment;

(d) The process for invoicing and payment of the labour charges;

(e) That the plaintiff could remove its workers from the construction site
immediately without further notice in the event of non-payment of the labour
charges;

(f) That any medical expenses arising from injuries that ocurred on the
worksite would be claimable under the defendant’s workmen compensation
account;

(g) That the plaintiff guaranteed that the workers were holders of valid work
permits;

3 Pursuant to the contract, the plaintiff issued various invoices to the
defendant for payment of the labour charges. As the defendant failed to pay on
some of the invoices (“the outstanding invoices”), the plaintiff removed their
workers from the construction site on 11 November 2010 and stopped work with
effect from 12 November 2010\. On 18 March 2011, the defendant sent an “Audit
Confirmation” to the plaintiff, acknowledging that there was a sum of
$389,950.96 owing from the defendant to the plaintiff, and that nothing was
owed by the plaintiff to the defendant. That figure was later amended by the
plaintiff to reflect the reduced sum of $323,500.31, to take into account an
invoice rendered by the plaintiff to the defendant dated 11 November 2010 for
$23,549.36 (a debit), and a payment of $90,000 (a credit) made by the
defendant to the plaintiff on 14 January 2011.

4 On 13 May 2011, the plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant
for the sum of $323,500.31 (“the sum”), due and owing under the contract. On 7
December 2011, the plaintiff was granted summary judgment by the Assistant
Registrar.

The defendant’s case

5 Before me, the defendant sought to over-turn the Assistant Registrar’s
decision and to ask for unconditional leave to defend by asserting that the
following amounted to triable issues:

(a) Whether the contract was only for the supply of labour or also for Air-
conditioning and Mechanical Ventilation works (“ACMV works”);

(b) Whether the plaintiff’s claim for the sum was a sham claim based on
“phantom” workers;

(c) Whether plaintiff’s claim was illegal and unenforceable as it was carrying
on the business of an unlicensed employment agency without the proper work
permits for the workers;

(d) Whether the plaintiff had wrongfully repudiated the contract giving rise
to the defence of set-off and a counterclaim by the defendant.

6 In addition, the defendant argued that the Audit Confirmation did not amount
to an admission, and that the two payments made to the plaintiff on 9 November
2010 and 14 January 2011 were without prejudice and did not undermine its
defence.

The plaintiff’s case

7 The plaintiff countered the defendant’s arguments by submitting that the
Audit Confirmation amounted to an admission by the defendant, that the sum was
due and owing by the defendant to the plaintiff, and that nothing was owed by
the plaintiff to the defendant. It was further argued that the purported
defences and counterclaims raised by the defendant were devoid of merit.

8 First, the plaintiff submitted that the defendant had no valid counter-claim
or set-off for defective ACMV works as the contract was only for the supply of
labour. Second, it was argued that the defendant’s assertion that the
plaintiff was using “phantom” workers to over-claim labour charges was without
merit and calculated to avoid payment of the labour charges. Third, the
defendant’s claim for defective ACMV works was insufficiently particularised
and vague. Fourth, the defendant’s claim that the contract was tainted with
illegality was misguided because the plaintiff was not an employment agency
and thus, did not require a licence under the Employment Agencies Act (Cap 92,
1985 Rev Ed) (“Employment Agencies Act”). In addition, the plaintiff pointed
out that the defendant’s claim that the plaintiff did not have authorised work
permits was not pleaded in the defence and was clearly raised as an
afterthought.

The law on summary judgment

9 The power of the court to grant summary judgment is found under O 14 r 1 and
3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). The
primary concern of the courts in determining whether summary judgment ought to
be granted is whether the plaintiff is truly entitled to this relief at this
stage and, by the same token, whether it is just to deprive the defendant of
the opportunity to challenge the plaintiff’s claim at trial (see _Singapore
Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) [“ _Singapore
Court Practice_ ”] at para. 14/3/1). The law governing summary judgment is
trite and had been succinctly stated by Prakash J in _Associated Development
Pte Ltd v Loong Sie_ _Kiong Gerald_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 389 at [22]:

...that in order to obtain judgment, a plaintiff has first to show that he has
a  _prima facie_ case for judgment. Once he has done that, the burden shifts
to the defendant who, in order to obtain leave to defend, must establish that
there is a fair or reasonable probability that he has a real or  _bona fide_
defence.

10 The Court of Appeal in _Goh Chok Tong v Chee Soon Juan_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 32
held that leave to defend will not be granted based upon “mere assertions” by
defendants; instead, the court will look at the whole situation critically to
examine whether the defence is credible. In the Privy Council case of _Eng
Yong v Letchumanan_ [1979] MLJ 212 at 217, Lord Diplock explained it as thus:

Although in the normal way it is not appropriate for a judge to attempt to
resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit, this does not mean that he is
bound to accept uncritically, as raising a dispute of fact which calls for
further investigation, every statement on an affidavit however equivocal,
lacking in precision, inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or
other statements by the same deponent, or inherently improbable in itself it
may be. In making such order on the application as ‘he may think just’ the
judge is vested with a discretion which he must exercise judicially. It is for
him to determine in the first instance whether statements contained in
affidavits that are relied upon as raising a conflict of evidence upon a
relevant fact have sufficient prima facie plausibility to merit further
investigation as to their truth.

11 Indeed, while the summary jurisdiction of the court is to be exercised with
great circumspection, the court must also be wary of defendants who seek to
evade summary liability by throwing out spurious allegations, assertions and
afterthoughts as convenient smoke screens, which they neatly label as _bona
fide_ defences raising triable issues. In seeking to delay the inevitable, as
it were, such defendants end up not only wasting precious court resources, but
more importantly, could potentially cause serious hardship and irreparable
loss to the plaintiff seeking vindication of his/her claim, for some of whom
time is of the essence. In _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies v Torie
Construction_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 901 (not cited by either party) at [21], GP
Selvam JC argued for a more robust approach in summary proceedings in order to
resolve disputes at this stage, if possible, rather than to unnecessarily
allow cases to go to trial:

There will be no hardship or injustice to a claimant who is content to have
his claim determined at the trial together with the cross claims against him.
But delay in having to wait for the trial in many cases may cause severe or
even irreparable loss to the plaintiff. Lawton LJ in _Ellis Mechanical
Services v Wates Construction Ltd_ [1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 33 at 36 said:

One of the perils of commercial life for sub-contractors in the building trade
is that there may develop between the main contractor and the building owner a
serious dispute which leads to one or other of them repudiating the main
contract. When that happens the lifeblood of the building trade, namely money,
stops. It seems to me that the administration of justice in our Courts should
do all it can to restore the lifeblood as quickly as possible.

The Courts are aware of what happens in these building disputes; cases go
either to arbitration or before an official referee; they drag on and on and
on; the cash flow is held up. In the majority of cases, because one party or
the other cannot wait any longer for the money, there is some kind of
compromise, very often not based on the justice of the case but on the
financial situation of one of the parties. That sort of result is to be
avoided if possible. In my judgment it can be avoided if the Courts make a
robust approach… to the jurisdiction under O 14.

In the present day context, it is in summary judgment applications that the
defendant raises the set-off defence. In order to make a robust approach it is
the duty of the court to closely examine points of set-off raised by the
defendant and to ensure that the true purpose is not to cause delay to the
plaintiff.

12 The same point was put across more succinctly by the same judge in the
unreported case of _MP-Bilt v Oey_ _Widarto_ (Suit No 1844 of 1998
(Registrar’s Appeal No 623 of 1998), judgment dated 26 March 1999):

In _Hua Khian Ceramics Tiles Supplies v Torie Construction_ [1991] 2 SLR(R)
901 a rule of practice was stated to the effect that the courts should take a
robust approach when considering applications for summary judgment
particularly in commercial and construction cases where cash flow is the life
blood to make commerce work. The rigour of that rule is being applied to good
end. It has earned a good reputation for Singapore.

13 With these principles in mind, I turn now to examine the various defences
and counterclaims raised by the defendant.

The decision

Scope of the contract

14 The defendant first took issue with the scope of the contract, claiming
that it encompassed not only the supply of labour for the project, but also
the carrying out of ACMV works. As a corollary to that, the defendant further
claimed since the contract encompassed ACMV works, it had a set-off by way of
a defence and/or a counterclaim in relation to what it claimed was the cost of
rectifying the defective ACMV works.

15 Recourse to the contract itself showed that the defendant’s claims on the
scope of the contract were entirely unmeritorious. It was undisputed by the
defendant that there was nothing in the contract itself which referred to ACMV
works: indeed, as is evident from [2] above, the contract merely listed out
the various terms on which the plaintiff was to supply workers to the
defendant for the purposes of the project.

16 Instead, the defendant attempted to rely on the “factual matrix” to
establish what it claimed was “the true nature of the agreement”, which
purportedly encompassed the ACMV works. While it is accepted that the context
in which the contract was made is relevant to the interpretation of that
contract, what the defendant sought to do was to import an entire meaning to
the contract, totally inconsistent with a plain reading of its terms, which
clearly suggested that the contract was limited to the supply of labour. In
_Sandar_ _Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891
(cited by the defendant), the Court of Appeal, after establishing that the
factual context played a role in contractual interpretation, was quick to
caution at [36] against the reliance on amorphous conceptions of the ‘factual
background’ to flout a “business commonsense” reading of contracts:

However, Lord Hoffman did, in the subsequent House of Lords decision of _Bank
of Credit and Commerce International SA v Ali_ [2002] 1 AC 251 state (at [39])
that while “there is no conceptual limit to what can be regarded as
background”, he was “certainly not encouraging a trawl through ‘background’
which could not have made a reasonable person think that the parties must have
departed from conventional usage”.

17 In any event, looking at the evidence which the defendant relied on, it was
difficult to see how the scope of the contract could be extended to encompass
the ACMV works. Specifically, the defendant relied on the fact that the
plaintiff rendered invoices for “duct works” as indicative that the contract
encompassed the ACMV works. That reliance, however, was misconceived for the
following reasons:

(a) The “duct works” were separately invoiced from the labour charges, which
were invoiced daily as part of a series of progress claims;

(b) The invoices for the labour charges followed the quotation set out in the
contract; in contrast, the quotation for the “duct works”, which was different
from the quotation for the labour charges, was nowhere to be found in the
contract;

(c) The invoices for the labour charges all referred to the “namelist claim”,
which was the timesheet submitted by the plaintiff to the defendant at the end
of each working day. Again, this was explicitly provided for in the contract;
in contrast, the “duct work” invoices bore no reference to the “namelist
claim”;

(d) Payment of the labour charges by the defendant was based only on the
timesheets (_i.e._ time the workers spent working) and not on the nature of
the work carried out.

Thus, the scope of the contract was limited to the supply of labour and did
not include the ACMV works.

18 In relation to the defendant’s purported set-off defence and/or
counterclaim for the defective ACMV works, beyond mere assertions, the
defendant did not provide any evidence of the purported contract for ACMV
works it entered into with the plaintiff, much less the terms of that
contract. Neither did the defendant show how it was that the plaintiff caused
the defects, save for producing a laundry list of purported defects. Indeed,
as the plaintiff pointed out, there was not a single contemporaneous letter
sent by the defendant to the plaintiff in 2010 alleging that the ACMV works
were defective, which was striking given that the defendant was now claiming
the cost of rectification to be over $400,000.

Purported repudiation by plaintiff of the contract

19 It is apt, at this juncture, to deal with the defendant’s claim that the
plaintiff had repudiated the contract on 12 November 2010 by withdrawing its
workers from the project site and ceasing work. Essentially, what the
defendant was claiming here was that it was entitled to the defence of set-
off, by virtue of its cross-claim on the plaintiff’s alleged wrongful
repudiation.

20 The defendant’s argument here illustrated starkly the evil the court must
guard against when dealing with applications for summary judgment (see [11]
above): _i.e._ the desperate defendant who slings as many arguments as he/she
can, no matter how frivolous, hoping that one sticks. The defendant cited two
authorities which supposedly supported its argument that in construction and
building contracts, failure to make payment was not a valid reason to abandon
works and such abandonment amounted to wrongful repudiation: _Halsbury’s Laws
of Singapore_ ,_vol_ 2 (LexisNexis 2003) (“ _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ ”)
at [30.310] and _Jia Min Building Construction Pte Ltd v Ann Lee Pte Ltd_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 288 (“ _Jia Min_ ”).

21 Both authorities, however, state clearly that while there was no general
right to suspend works, this was subject to the parties expressly providing
for such a right in their contract (see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ at
[30.310] and _Jia Min_ at [55]). Under the heading “Invoicing and Payment” in
the contract, it was stated:

...In the event that our claims to you are not fully settled on time, we
reserve our rights to claim all dues through legal means and remove all our
workers from your site immediately without any further notice to your company.
We will not be responsible, in any way, for any delays to your work schedule
and losses suffered as a result of our cessation of work due to your non-
payment.

It suffices to say that, in the light of the above, the defendant’s claim here
simply did not hold water.

“Phantom” workers

22 Next, I turn to the defendant’s assertion that the plaintiff’s labour
charges incorporated billings for “phantom” workers who were not present and
did not carry out works for the defendant. What was notable about the
defendant’s allegations here was that they were consistently vague and feeble
throughout, such as to call into question the _bona fides_ of its defence.

23 For instance, while the defendant had obliquely raised the issue in three
letters sent on 4 November 2010, 8 November 2010, and 11 November 2010,
stating that “there was an inconsistency and discrepancies on your workers
signature reflect (_sic_) in the name list time sheet”, it did little more to
follow through with its complaint. Indeed, there was no attempt by the
defendant to either identify the workers and/or the signatures it was
disputing, or to set out in any detail/ tabulate its claim about the phantom
workers. In fact, the defendant continued to make payments to the plaintiff on
9 November 2010 ($70,000), and on 14 January 2011 ($90,000), after solicitors’
letters had been exchanged. While the defendant claimed that the $70,000
payment was made to help the plaintiff resolve its financial difficulties, and
that the $90,000 payment was made without prejudice to its rights, the fact
that those payments were even made was odd given the serious allegation that
the plaintiff was fabricating sham claims on the labour charges. Coupled with
the lack of any genuine attempt to follow through with the complaint, this
raised serious doubts on the _bona fides_ of the defendant’s “phantom” worker
defence.

The Audit Confirmation

24 More importantly, on 18 March 2011, the defendant sent the plaintiff an
Audit Confirmation, effectively admitting the plaintiff’s claim for the sum,
and conceding that it did not owe any debt to the plaintiff.

25 In both _Gobind_ _Lalwani v Basco Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 1019
(“ _Gobind_ ”) at [7] and _Capital Realty Pte Ltd v Chip Thye Enterprises
(Pte) Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 419 (“ _Capital Realty_ ”) (decision of the Court
of Appeal) at [24], it was held that an audit confirmation, while not
conclusive, constituted strong _prima facie_ evidence of a debt. As per Lord
Cave in _Camillo Tank SS Co Ltd v Alexandria Engineering Works_ (1921) 38 TLR
134 at 143 (cited in _Gobind_ at [7] as the _locus classicus_ on account
stated):

An account stated in this sense is no more than an admission of a debt out of
court; and while it is no doubt cogent evidence against the admitting party
and throws upon him the burden of proving that the debt is not due, it may,
like any other admission, be shown to have been made in error.

26 In _Re Bentimi Pte Ltd; In the matter of Part X of the Companies Act,
Chapter 50 (1994 Revised Edition) v In the Matter of Bentimi Pte Ltd_ [2003]
SGHC 92 (“ _Re Bentimi”_), Choo Han Teck J distinguished _Gobind_ and _Capital
Realty_ but on the basis that the circumstances indicated that “there appeared
to be sufficient incongruities in the petitioner’s case to suggest that this
is not a matter that ought to be decided on the strength of one document”.
Choo J therefore distinguished _Gobind_ and _Capital Realty_ on the facts: a
consideration of the totality of the circumstances in that case revealed
doubts about the probative value of the audit confirmation. _Re Bentimi_ was
therefore consistent with the holding in _Gobind_ and _Capital Realty_.

27 The defendant sought to distinguish both _Gobind_ and _Capital Realty_ on
the basis that in both cases, it was decided that the audit confirmation
amounted to a clear admission only after a trial and not during an application
for summary judgment. With respect, that argument missed the point totally.
Although in an application for summary judgment - unlike a trial – it is not
appropriate for the court to delve into a precise evaluation of the merits of
the rival contentions or to assess the relative probabilities, it is
nevertheless obliged to look at the totality of the situation critically to
examine whether the defence raised by the defendant is credible. In
approaching this (albeit limited) inquiry, the court is certainly allowed to
take into account all available evidence, including the Audit confirmation, to
decide if a _bona fide_ defence has been raised.

28 In the present case, there was nothing to suggest that strong _prima facie_
evidence of the Audit Confirmation in showing the existence of an admitted
debt ought to be disregarded. Indeed, the Audit Confirmation was sent by the
defendant to the plaintiff on 18 March 2011, more than four months after the
plaintiff ceased work on the project, and after the defendant purportedly
raised its various defences via letters exchanged between the parties. Yet
there was no mention in the Audit Confirmation about the various assertions
(“phantom” workers; defective ACMV works etc) now made by the defendant, save
for an unequivocal admission by the defendant that it owed monies to the
plaintiff.

29 Not unexpectedly, the defendant also claimed that the Audit Confirmation
was “only to facilitate their accounting” and did not amount to an admission.
That was an entirely self-serving position, with nothing to convince me
otherwise. In fact, the defendant did not either deny the reliability of the
Audit Confirmation or argue that it was erroneous. It was simply contented to
make the bare assertion that the Audit Confirmation was provided “only to
facilitate their accounting and can be explained at the trial of the said
matter”.

30 From the above, it was evident that, when the entire case was looked at
critically, shorn of speculative and unsubstantiated assertions, the
defendant’s case raised no serious triable issues.

Illegality

31 Nevertheless, there remained a final string to the defendant’s bow. The
defendant claimed that the contract was tainted with illegality for two
reasons:

(a) First, the plaintiff was carrying out the business of an employment agency
without a valid licence under s 6 of the Employment Agencies Act;

(b) Second, the contract was in breach of 5(3) of the Employment of Foreign
Manpower Act (Cap 91A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Employment of Foreign Manpower Act”),
read together with the Employment of Foreign Manpower (Work Pass) Regulations
(Cap 91A, 2009 Rev Ed) (“Work Pass Regulations”).

32 On (a), s 6 of the Employment Agencies Act applies only to employment
agencies. Section 2 of the Employment Agencies Act defines “employment agency”
as:

“employment agency” means any agency or registry carried on or represented as
being or intended to be carried on (whether for the purpose of gain or reward
or not) for or in connection with the employment of persons in any capacity,
but _does not include any registry set up by an employer for the sole purpose
of recruiting persons for employment on his own behalf;_

33 It had always been the plaintiff’s case that it was not an employment
agency as it was itself the employer of the workers. The contract itself
(under the term “Indemnity”) revealed that it was the plaintiff itself who was
responsible for the welfare of the workers, including the payment of wages,
individual taxation and the payment of levies; the defendant was merely
charged a daily rate for the workers provided by the plaintiff. At all times,
the plaintiff was and remained the employer of the workers, and thus cannot be
said to be an ‘employment agency’. There was accordingly, no basis on which s
6 of the Employment Agencies Act was applicable to the present case.

34 On (b), the first thing to be noted was that this issue was not pleaded in
the defence- only the issue relating to s 6 of the Employment Agencies Act was
pleaded. The law in this area, _vis-a-vis_ the question of whether a party
challenging an O 14 Rules of Court application is entitled to rely on or raise
any unpleaded defence, appears to be in a state of flux. The following string
of High Court decisions (none of which were cited by the parties), _Lim Leong
Huat v Chip Hup_ _Hup_ _Kee Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 786 (“ _Lim
Leong_ _Huat_ ”), _United States Trading Co Pte Ltd v Ting Boon Aun_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 981 (“ _United States Trading_ ”), _HSBC Institutional Trust
(Singapore) v Elchemi Assets Pte Ltd and another_ [2010] SGHC 67 had
established the position that if a respondent to an application for summary
judgment failed to plead all the defences he intended to rely on in his
pleading, any fresh defence that was not pleaded could not be relied on unless
the defence was amended, or in exceptional cases where the court found that
there were good reasons to allow that to be done (see also Singapore Court
Practice at para. 14/3/2A). In coming to that position, the cases over-ruled
an earlier Malaysian decision in _Lin Securities (Pte) v Noone & Co Sdn __Bhd_
[1989] 1 MLJ 321 ("_Lin Securities_ ") where it was said at p 322:

No doubt a defendant is bound by the four corners of his pleading at the trial
of the action but he is not so bound at the O 14 proceedings. Order 14 r 4(1)
provides that a defendant may show cause against an application for summary
judgment by affidavit or otherwise. He is entitled to show at the hearing of
the O 14 application that over and above what has been pleaded in the
statement of defence he has other defences. The issue at an O 14 application
is whether the defendant has a defence and not whether the statement of
defence provides him with a defence.

35 However, the Court of Appeal subsequently in the oft-cited case of _Poh
Soon Kiat v Desert Palace Inc_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“ _Poh Soon Kiat_ ”) at
[15], appeared to adopt the position set out in _Lin Securities_ , albeit
without the benefit of having had its attention drawn to the High Court
decisions:

15 In this connection, the Appellant applied to this court via SUM 1312/2009
for leave to amend his defence to plead that the 2001 California Judgment was
not a foreign money judgment ... We declined to hear this application and
treated it as withdrawn. In our view, it was an unnecessary application as, in
summary judgment proceedings, “[a] defendant may raise defences in his
affidavit even if they are not referred to in the pleaded defence” (see
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam chief ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia,
2007) at para 14/2/12) and is “bound by the four corners of his pleadings
[only] at the trial of the action but...not...[in] the O. 14 _ie_ , summary
judgment] proceedings”...

36 In _Rankine Bernadette Adeline v Chenet Finance Ltd_ [2011] 3 SLR 756 (“
_Rankine_ ”) at [23], the court suggested that the Court of Appeal would have
dealt with the issue differently had its attention been drawn to the High
Court cases. That observation was repeated recently in _PMA Credit
Opportunities Fund and others v Tantono Tiny (representative of the estate of
Lim Susanto, deceased)_ [2011] 3 SLR 1021. While I concur with the court in
_Rankine_ that there is room for greater clarity and certainty on this issue
(see [23] of _Rankine_), in the light of the Court of Appeal decision in _Poh
Soon Kiat_ , I was unable to exclude the defence raised by the defendant.

37 Nevertheless, the question remained whether the defendant’s claim that the
contract was tainted by illegality by virtue of a breach of s 5(3) of the
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act, read together with the Work Pass
Regulations, was a _bona fide_ defence. While the defendant’s argument here
was, to put it charitably, rather nebulous, I understood its argument to be
that the plaintiff was in breach by virtue of the fact that at least two of
the workers supplied under the contract were obtained from the plaintiff’s
sub-contractors.

38 For convenience, I set out the material provisions. Section 5(3) of the
Employment of Foreign Manpower Act states:

No person shall employ a foreign employee otherwise than in accordance with
the conditions of the foreign employee’s work pass.

Paragraph 2 of the First Schedule (Part II) of the Work Pass Regulations
states:

_Except as provided in paragraphs 7 to 13 of Part III_ (emphasis added), the
foreign employee shall be under the employer’s direct employment and the
employer shall be responsible for the control and supervision of the foreign
employee. The employer shall not permit the foreign employee to be employed by
or contracted to any other person or business to do work for that person or
business. The employer shall not employ the foreign employee in either an
occupation or a sector which is different from that specified in the work
permit.

Paragraph 7 of the First Schedule (Part III) of the Work Pass Regulations
(“Paragraph 7 of the First Schedule”), however, which specifically applies to
foreign workers who are construction workers, in turn states:

Notwithstanding paragraph 5, an employer may, with the consent of the foreign
employee, enter into a contract for the supply of labour with an eligible
third party engaged in the construction industry, in relation to a foreign
employee to whom the conditions in this Part apply.

For completeness, paragraph 5 the First Schedule (Part III) of the Work Pass
Regulations simply states that:

Subject to paragraph 7, the employer shall ensure that the foreign employee is
not sent to work for any other person.

39 The defendant appeared to have omitted to have regard to the proviso “
_Except as provided in paragraphs 7 to 13 of Part III_ ” in Paragraph 2 of the
First Schedule (Part II) of the Work Pass Regulations. Paragraph 7 of the
First Schedule contemplates that a foreign worker may be sent to work for a
third party engaged in the construction industry, so long as the worker
consents. Some flexibility is thus accorded by the Work Pass Regulations,
perhaps in acknowledgment of industry practices. As such, I saw nothing to
preclude the plaintiff from using workers obtained from its sub-contractors
for the purposes of the contract, which was a contract for the supply of
labour. The issue of whether the workers provided under the contract came
directly from the plaintiff or through its subcontractors could hardly amount
to a _bona fide_ defence enabling the defendant to evade summary judgment.

Conclusion

40 In the final analysis, the defendant was evidently clutching at straws in
its attempts to conjure up a _bona fide_ defence, precisely the sort of
conduct that the court ought to be wary of. I therefore dismissed the Appeal
and fixed costs at $3,000 to the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

