Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mano Vikrant Singh _v_ Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGCA 42

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 149 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Mark Seah and Germaine Tan (Rodyk &
Davidson LLP) for the appellant; Blossom Hing, Kimberley Leng, Mohan Gopalan
and Justin Kwek (Drew & Napier LLC) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Mano Vikrant Singh — Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 1 SLR 311.]

7 August 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the judge (“the Judge”) in _Mano_
_Vikrant Singh v Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd_ [2012] 1 SLR 311 (“the Judgment”).

2 The Judgment is a comprehensive one and (more importantly) is one with which
(as we shall elaborate upon below) we agree – save in respect of just one
(albeit crucial) issue (“the crucial issue”). Indeed, the Judge did proceed,
on the _assumption_ that he was _wrong_ with regard to the crucial issue, to
ascertain whether or not his decision (in favour of the Respondent) would have
been otherwise. In this regard, the Judge held that he _would_ have decided
_otherwise_. Given our agreement with the Judge with all aspects of his
decision _except for_ his decision in relation to the crucial issue, we are of
the view that the appeal ought to be allowed. However, before proceeding to
give our reasons as to why we respectfully differ from the Judge with regard
to the crucial issue, it would be appropriate to set out – in brief – the
relevant factual background as well as a summary of the decision in the court
below.

3 A final preliminary point might be in order. That the crucial issue has been
characterised as such (_viz_ , as “crucial”) is, in our view, an
understatement of no small measure. Given its importance not only in the
context of the resolution of the present appeal but also with regard to its
implications for the broader commercial context, it is apposite to set out the
issue in its general form right at the outset: Is a clause forfeiting an
employee’s benefits when he competes with his ex-employer after the
termination of his employment one that falls within the ambit or scope of the
restraint of trade doctrine? With this in mind, let us now proceed to consider
– in brief – the relevant factual background leading to the present
proceedings.

Factual background

4 Cargill TSF Asia Pte Ltd (“the Respondent”) is part of the Cargill group of
companies (“the Group”) which is privately owned and which runs 75 businesses
worldwide. The Respondent is involved in the Group’s “Trade & Structured
Finance Business” (“TSF Business”). The TSF Business customises financing
arrangements for importer-exporters, profiting from the use of financial
instruments in the process of commodities trading. The customisation is done
both for importer-exporters owned by the Group, and for importer-exporters for
non Group entities.[note: 1]

5 Mano Vikrant Singh (“the Appellant”) was an employee of the Group from 23
October 2001 to 27 November 2008, when his resignation took effect, and was
posted to Singapore from September 2003. He was a TSF Business coordinator at
all material times. From June 2006 until 30 March 2007 when the employment
contract (see [6(a)] below) was signed, the Appellant worked informally for
the Respondent.[note: 2]

6 The Appellant executed the following documents, _inter alia_ , on 30 March
2007, two days before formally commencing his employment:

(a) an “ _Employment Contract_ ” set out in a letter from the Respondent to
the Appellant dated 28 March 2007 (“the Employment Contract”). Under clause 1
of the Employment Contract, the Appellant’s salary comprised a monthly salary
of S$25,000 per month and an annual wage supplement equivalent to one month’s
salary; and

(b) a “ _Non-Compete Agreement_ ” (“the NCA”) agreeing, under clause 3, not to
compete with the Respondent for _one year_ after termination of his
employment.

7 In addition, towards the end of every financial year, the Appellant was
given a document headed “ _Terms and Conditions of Incentive Award_ ”. These
terms and conditions (“T&Cs”), which were the same for both years, arose out
of an “Incentive Award Plan” (“the Plan”) only available to key senior staff
(including the Appellant). Under the Plan, the Respondent declares a
discretionary incentive award (“based on individual, team and business unit
results [for that year]”) for each participating employee _over and above
their base salary_. This incentive award is split evenly – 50% is paid out as
a “Cash Award” and the other 50% is retained by the Respondent as a “Deferred
Incentive Award”. The Deferred Incentive Award is then paid in stages, as
follows:

Quantum of Declared Incentive Award |  Quantum of Deferred Incentive Award; Deferral period  
---|---  
$ 74,999 and below |  No Deferred Incentive Award  
$75,000-$199,999 |  50% of declared incentive award, deferred for 1 fiscal year from grant date  
$200,000-$399,999 |  50% of declared incentive award, deferred over 2 fiscal years from grant date (2 annual payments)  
$400,000 and greater |  50% of declared incentive award, deferred over 3 fiscal years from grant date (3 annual payments)  
  
  

The T&Cs also provide that the Deferred Incentive Award earns compound
interest at the one-year USD London Interbank Offered Rate, plus 1% per annum
spread.

8 More significantly, the T&Cs set out a Forfeiture Provision _. It is this
particular clause which lies at the heart of the dispute between the parties
in the present proceedings, and not the NCA._ The Forfeiture Provision reads
as follows:

_FORFEITURE PROVISIONS_

Deferred Incentives that have been awarded but not yet distributed will be
forfeited if the Participant (1) is Terminated for Cause, _or (2)(a) Separates
from Service other than by reason of death or Disability, and (b) continues a
career within the financial or commodity trading industry outside of the
Company within a period of two years from the date of such Separation from
Service (referred to as the “Two-Year Non-Compete Period”)._ Continuance of a
career within the financial or commodity trading industry is defined as
employment by, consulting with, establishing, or having a substantial
ownership interest in any organization, which competes with the Company for
employees, customers, clients, market share, or financial/commodity resources
or deals.

[emphasis added]

9 Under the T&Cs, before the Deferred Incentive Award can be processed for
payment, the participant is required to sign his acknowledgement that “I have
received, read and agree to these Terms and Conditions ... _I acknowledge that
failure to execute this agreement will result in being removed from this
program and receiving future_ _awards_ ” [emphasis added].[note: 3]

10 The Appellant’s incentive award for the financial years 2006/2007 and
2007/2008 were US$400,000 and US$3.2 million, respectively. Half of these
amounts were paid to him in cash, and half were deferred for a period of three
years. Up to the hearing date, the Appellant had not received a total of
US$1,741,894 (excluding interest), representing the outstanding portion of the
Deferred Incentive Award for 2006/2007 and all of his Deferred Incentive Award
for 2007/2008 (see the Judgment at [12]–[14]).

11 On 4 November 2008, the Appellant gave notice of his resignation. This was
accepted by the Respondent via a letter on the same date informing the
Appellant that his outstanding Deferred Incentive Award for the financial
years 2006/2007 and 2007/2008 would be paid in a lump sum within 60 days after
the expiry of the “Two-year Non-compete Period” (see [8] above).[note: 4] Soon
after, the Appellant started using Xangbo Global Markets Pte Ltd (“Xangbo”), a
company he had incorporated prior to his resignation, to engage in financial
and commodities trading. The Appellant conceded in his affidavit that Xangbo
is in the same primary business as the Respondent.[note: 5]

12 On 19 October 2010, the Respondent wrote to the Appellant seeking that he
sign a statutory declaration confirming fulfilment of the conditions in the
Forfeiture Provision before receiving his outstanding Deferred Incentive
Award. [note: 6] The Appellant refused, taking the view that:[note: 7]

... under the [T&Cs of the Incentive Award Plan], participants are only
required to “complete a statement to certify that they have successful [sic]
fulfilled the Two-year Non Compete Period” in order to be eligible to receive
payment of the Deferred Incentive awarded. There is no obligation to make a
statutory declaration, nor is there an obligation to provide the information
sought by the Statutory Declaration enclosed in your letter.

...

In any case, I have taken advice on the provision for forfeiture of the
Deferred Award and understand that it is in restraint of trade and void as
being against public policy.

13 On 14 February 2011, the Appellant commenced Originating Summons No 103 of
2011 (“OS 103/2011”), seeking the following reliefs:

(a) A declaration that the Forfeiture Provision is void for being a Restraint
of Trade clause, and an order that it be severed from the T&Cs;

(b) Payment from the Respondent of the sum US$1,741,894, being the outstanding
Deferred Incentive Awards for the financial years 2006/2007 and 2007/2008; and

(c) Contractual interest on the above sum, and costs.

14 Counsel for the Respondent, Ms Blossom Hing, had applied to convert OS
103/2011 into a writ on the basis that substantial disputes of fact were
likely. The Judge did not convert OS 103/2011 into a writ action on condition
that he would revisit the application to convert if there were genuine
disputes of facts germane to the resolution of OS 103/2011.[note: 8] He was
persuaded to do so by counsel for the Appellant, Mr Philip Jeyaretnam SC’s
(“Mr Jeyaretnam”) acceptance, for the purposes of proceeding with OS 103/2011,
of the Respondent’s version of those facts which bore some evidential
basis,[note: 9] namely that (see the Judgment at [18]):

(a) the Appellant had breached the Forfeiture Provision by incorporating
Xangbo;

(b) the Appellant’s role in the Respondent’s TSF Business was that of
“initiator” (one who brings in the business by identifying trading partners
and financial institutions willing to participate) or “structurer” (one who
creates the customised financing arrangement);

(c) the Respondent’s TSF Business is non-generic, _ie_ , is proprietary; and

(d) the Respondent’s TSF Business involved financial institutions and trading
partners all over the world.

The decision in the court below

15 In so far as the crucial issue was concerned, the Judge distinguished the
Forfeiture Provision from a traditional restraint of trade clause. He held
that it was a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause which provides for the
forfeiture of certain benefits if the employee competes with the employer and
is therefore not an outright prohibition on trade. He found that there was
little to distinguish a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause from a Payment-for-
Loyalty clause as both provided a _financial disincentive against_
_competition_. Forfeiture-for-Competition clauses were thus not “indirect
restraints”, but were far more similar to Payment-for-Loyalty clauses.

16 The Judge considered the English Court of Appeal decision of _Wyatt v
Kreglinger and Fernau_ [1933] 1 KB 793 (“ _Wyatt_ ”), where an employer agreed
to grant the employee a gratuitous pension payable by monthly instalments upon
retirement on condition that he did not compete with the employer. He agreed
with the critique of _Wyatt_ to the effect that the decision in that case did
not recognise that there was no impediment to the employee’s liberty to act
and the “restraint” was completely voluntary as the employee _chose_ not to
compete in order to receive payouts from the employer. He adopted, instead,
the American Employee Choice Doctrine. This doctrine is premised on the
assumption that an employee faced with a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause
_still has a choice_ as to whether or not he wants to compete, and is in fact
expected to conduct a cost-benefit analysis before reaching his decision.

17 Applying the American Employee Choice Doctrine to the facts, the Judge held
that the Forfeiture Provision _was not in restraint of trade_ as it did not
prohibit the Appellant from competing with the Respondent. The Forfeiture
Provision was _merely a financial disincentive_ against competing. The
Appellant had, in fact, the following choices:

(a) the choice not to sign the T&Cs which was distinct and separate from the
Employment Contract; and

(b) the choice whether or not to compete with the Respondent, which choice he
had exercised freely in setting up Xangbo.

Having done a cost benefit analysis as to whether it was more beneficial to
compete (and not receive the Deferred Incentive Award) or not to compete (and
receive the same), the Appellant had to be held to his choice and bear the
consequences thereof.

18 The Judge considered that the individual’s freedom to trade was to be
balanced with an individual’s right to contract freely. Applying this
balancing exercise, the Judge held (see the Judgment at [61]) that “[t]o hold
the Forfeiture Provision as in substance a restraint of trade would attach
_unjustifiable weight to the right of freedom of trade at the expense of the
equally important countervailing right of freedom of contract_ ” [emphasis
added].

19 However, on the assumption that his decision on the crucial issue was
wrong, the Judge also considered whether the Forfeiture Provision was
reasonable. He found it was _not_ as: (i) it exceeded the period stipulated in
the NCA by a year and there was no compelling reason for such additional
protection; (ii) it had no geographical limit (whereas the NCA was
geographically limited); and (iii) it was not limited to the TSF Business. As
for the issue as to whether the Respondent had a legitimate proprietary
interest to protect, this was already conceded by Mr Jeyaretnam in the hearing
of the application to convert OS 103/2011 into a writ action (see above at
[14(c)]–[14(d)]).

20 The Judge also found that the doctrine of severance applied. This was
premised on the finding that the Forfeiture Provision was not the whole or
main consideration for the Deferred Incentive payments. Rather, the payment
was for the Appellant’s performance at work.

Summary of the parties’ submissions on the crucial issue

21 The main thrust of the Appellant’s argument is that the courts should look
to substance over form when determining if an offending clause falls foul of
the restraint of trade doctrine. The Forfeiture Provision (though masked as a
substantial financial disincentive) has the purpose and effect of restraining
the Appellant from seeking alternative employment with the _threat_ of losing
his money.

22 Next, the Appellant seeks to expose the American Employee Choice Doctrine
as a fallacy, as it fails to take into account the following artificialities
of choice:

(a) A substantial enough financial disincentive bars real choice, particularly
when the forfeited monies are an entitlement for past work done;

(b) If the Appellant had not signed the T&Cs, he would not be eligible for any
Incentive Awards (see the wording of the acknowledgement at [9] above); and

(c) The Forfeiture Provision covers all jobs that the Appellant is skilled in,
such that his only choice is between not working and competing.

23 Finally, the Appellant submits that Payment-for-Loyalty clauses can be
distinguished from Forfeiture-for-Competition clauses: The former is intended
to retain the service of a valuable employee, whereas the latter is aimed at
curbing competition.

24 In contrast, the Respondent supports the Judge’s endorsement of the
American Employee Choice Doctrine on the grounds that: (i) it is supported by
US precedent; (ii) it better reflects commercial realities (employees are no
longer as vulnerable to having onerous clauses imposed on them); and (iii)
there are strong public policy reasons underpinning it (_viz_ , the notion of
freedom to contract and the need to preserve the sanctity of contracts).

25 The Respondent also avers that there is no need to apply the restraint of
trade doctrine to the Forfeiture Provision because:

(a) the Respondent cannot obtain an injunction preventing the Appellant from
competing and so the latter’s liberty is not impinged on;

(b) the Deferred Incentive Award constitutes gratuitous payments _conditional_
upon the Appellant not competing with the Respondent for two years following
termination of his employment; and

(c) the Appellant freely signed the T&Cs. There is thus no unequal bargaining
power requiring intervention of the restraint of trade doctrine to protect the
vulnerable employee.

26 Finally, the Respondent agrees with the Judge’s analysis that there is no
good reason to distinguish between Payment-for-Loyalty and Forfeiture-for-
Competition clauses. In both situations, the employee is incentivised not to
leave the employer and he is free to choose whether or not to fulfil the
conditions for payment. As Payment-for-Loyalty clauses have consistently been
upheld by the courts in the UK and Australia, the same should be done for
Forfeiture-for-Competition clauses. In fact, the former is arguably more
onerous than the latter, as in the former case the employee would not even be
able to work for non-competitors.

Our decision with regard to the crucial issue

What was the nature of the Forfeiture Provision?

27 The Forfeiture Provision is, on its face at least, different in nature from
a traditional restraint of trade clause. A traditional restraint of trade
clause is an outright prohibition imposed on the employee against competing
with his employer. In contrast, the Forfeiture Provision causes the employee
to forfeit certain benefits if he competes with the employer. This looks like
a mere financial disincentive against competing, and in this respect is
similar to Payment-for-Loyalty clauses. However, to stop at this comparison is
to privilege form over substance. We do not consider that framing a clause to
look like a disincentive should, _ipso facto_ , shield it from the application
of the restraint of trade doctrine. What needs to be considered is the true
nature of the Forfeiture Provision: what the benefit was given for, as well as
why and in what circumstances it could be withheld or taken away.

28 It is important to note, at the outset, that the Forfeiture Provision
contemplates a situation where the Deferred Incentive Award was _already
vested_ in the Appellant _as a legal entitlement_. That this is so is clear
both from the language of the Forfeiture Provision as well as its context. The
monies under the Incentive Award were awarded to him _before_ he signed the
T&Cs, by way of an internal memo which stated, _inter alia_ , as
follows:[note: 10]

[O]nce again TSF has performed exceptionally and this would not have been
possible without your _hard work, long hours and commitment_ to your job.

_In recognition of_ your commitment to our business and to Cargill, I am
pleased to advise you that you will be receiving a bonus award…

[emphasis added]

29 The frequency of these payments is virtually identical to that in the New
South Wales Industrial Relations Commission (“the NSW Commission”) decision of
_Rick Lloyd v Commonwealth Bank of Australia Limited_ [2006] NSWIRComm 129 (“
_Rick Lloyd_ ”), where the employer had also paid the remainder of its bonus
in three parts over three consecutive years. In _Rick Lloyd_ , however, the
bonuses were _not_ _vested_ , and the clause was treated, instead, as a
Payment-for-Loyalty clause.

30 There are, indeed, key differences between _Rick Lloyd_ and the present
case. In _Rick Lloyd_ , it was clearly stated in the letter which notified the
employee of the bonus award that the deferred amounts were _not vested_ and
were subject to the employee’s satisfactory performance and continued
employment. The NSW Commission reasoned as follows (at [74]–[75]):

In addition … the quantum of the applicant’s deferred unvested portions of the
bonuses was not based merely on the applicant’s individual performance. The
letter to the applicant dated 2 February 2001 advising him of the new
remuneration arrangements in 2001 annexed attachment B which listed a number
of factors behind the payment of performance-based deferred bonuses. These
factors included the performance of the business with reference to external
market remuneration levels. Once the bonuses were quantified, receipt of the
deferred components was nevertheless contingent upon the applicant’s continued
satisfactory performance as well as his continued employment …

… the applicant understood that prior to commencing employment with the
respondent that receipt of any deferred bonus was contingent upon continuing
employment.

31 The NSW Commission found that the employee had chosen to continue to work
for the company on the basis that these monies were _unvested_ and could be
forfeited at any time. His remuneration package summary stated that the
payment of his deferred award for the second and third years was “ _not
vested_ and … _subject to satisfactory performance and continued employment_ …
to the date of payment” [emphasis added] (_Rick Lloyd_ at [14]). By the time
the dispute arose, the payments had been renamed “Above base Component”, and
the words “performance payment” were dropped. This was not a simple matter of
form. The above base components were contingent on three factors: performance,
risk and retention. 50% was paid out after the first year, 25% after the
second, and 35% after the third. The total deferred award paid out was greater
than the initial bonus award. The first 100% was paid out for a combination of
all three factors. The last 10%, however, was effectively a straightforward
payment for loyalty with no connection whatsoever to the employee’s
performance, as it was over and above what he would have earned based on a
combined assessment of his performance, the business’s performance, and his
likelihood of long-term success in the company. In the present case, there
were no additional sums awarded, nor was there a separate sum awarded
specifically for loyalty. Indeed, the Forfeiture Provision expressly states
that it relates to “Deferred Incentives [_viz_ , the Deferred Incentive Award]
that _have been awarded_ but _not yet distributed_ ” [emphasis added]. The
fact that interest would apply to these deferred awards further suggests that
the money was the employee’s and he had a right to collect the interest from
the deferred sum. The Respondent’s argument that the monies were merely being
offered to the employee and were thus not vested cannot be reconciled with the
wording and substance of both the letter announcing the bonus award and the
accompanying T&Cs. It is clear that the Forfeiture Provision pertains to
monies which were _vested_ at the time the bonus was declared by way of the
internal memo.

32 Further, it is also expressly stated in the Forfeiture Provision that the
Deferred Incentive Award would be “ _forfeited_ ” if the Appellant, _inter
alia_ , “continues a career within the financial or commodity trading industry
_outside of the Company_ [the Respondent] _within a period of two years from
the date of such Separation from Service_ (referred to as the “Two-Year Non-
Compete Period”)” [emphasis added]. It bears repeating, in this regard, that
the heading of the Forfeiture Provision reads – significantly, in our view –
_“Forfeiture_ Provisions” [emphasis added]. In our view, if the Deferred
Incentive Award had not already vested in the Appellant, there would have been
nothing to “forfeit” in the first instance. Put simply, the express words of
the Forfeiture Provision _mean precisely what they say_ , and one would have
to be a linguistic contortionist, so to speak, to arrive at a different
interpretation of this particular provision.

33 The appeal before us thus constitutes a clear case of vesting. We recognise
that there will be cases which are on the borderline. _Rick Lloyd_ was such a
case. The payments in _Rick Lloyd_ were integrated and it was not easy to
distinguish which was a pure payment for loyalty and which was a payment for
both performance and continued employment. In cases such as these, the
juristic bases have not always been clear. There was some suggestion in _Rick
Lloyd_ that the decision had to do with vesting, as an unvested payment could
not be the subject of a restraint of trade clause. However, there was also
some suggestion that it was the employee’s _acceptance_ of the payments as
unvested which allowed the clause to pass muster as a Payment-for-Loyalty
clause without engaging the restraint of trade doctrine. As _Rick Lloyd_ was
primarily about the statutory fairness (or otherwise) of the impugned clause
under s 106 of the Australian Industrial Relations Act 1996 (“the Australian
Act”), the NSW Commission did not have to deal directly with the proper
juristic basis for which side of the line (whether on the side of a Payment-
for-Loyalty or Forfeiture-for-Competition clause) a mixed clause like the one
in _Rick Lloyd_ would have fallen. However, even assuming that _Rick Lloyd_
dealt with the vested component of the bonus award, we find that there is
another possible method of dealing with such borderline cases (see [56]
below). In any event, we find that _Rick Lloyd_ does point to a distinction
between vested and unvested interests and is a useful contrast to the present
case, where there is no ambiguity as to whether there was an unvested
component. _A fortiori_ , the clause before us in the present case deals with
a fully vested clause.

34 If, as we have pointed out in the preceding paragraphs, the Deferred
Incentive Award was _already vested_ in the Appellant, this would shed
significant (indeed, critical) light on the legal status of the Forfeiture
Provision itself. Let us elaborate.

35 Given the fact that the Deferred Incentive Award was _already vested_ in
the Appellant, this would mean that the Appellant should, _in principle_ ,
have been entitled to that award _even if he had decided to leave the
employment of the Respondent forthwith at the end of his contract with the
Respondent_. In the circumstances, to interpret – as the court below did – the
Forfeiture Provision as still giving the Appellant the _choice_ whether he
wanted to continue in the employment of the Respondent, albeit subject only to
the fact that he would forgo the Deferred Incentive Award should he decide not
to, with respect, does not reflect _the actual situation which the Appellant
faced_. It was not, in our view, a real choice. The Forfeiture Provision was
akin to a sword of Damocles hanging over the Appellant’s head – programmed to
fall should the Appellant decide to leave the employment of the Respondent and
join a competitor. _In point of fact, however, such a sword ought never to
have been there in the first place_ given the fact that the Deferred Incentive
Award had _already vested_ in the Appellant. Put simply, the Forfeiture
Provision operated, _a fortiori_ , to _restrain_ the Appellant from leaving
the employment of the Respondent to join a competitor, by way of _a threat_ to
_forfeit_ a not insubstantial financial reward which had _already vested in
the Appellant_ should he (the Appellant) in fact leave the employment of the
Respondent to join a competitor. The fact that such a restraint was kept
physically separate from the NCA does nothing to detract from its _substance_
(which has just been set out).

36 The above analysis serves, in our view, to distinguish the Forfeiture
Provision (and other Forfeiture-for-Competition clauses like it) from what
have been termed as Payment-for-Loyalty clauses (bearing in mind the important
fact that the result of each case will undoubtedly depend on its precise facts
simply because a clause akin to the Forfeiture Provision in the present appeal
might (and often would in fact) be worded differently). This is an important
distinction, to which we will have occasion to return to below (at [41]-[45]).
More generally, it should also be noted that the importance of _vested_ rights
referred to above is not only an extremely important one in the context of the
facts of the present appeal but also in relation to the more general legal
analysis that follows in the next part of the present judgment.

Does the doctrine of restraint of trade apply to the Forfeiture Provision?

37 It is important to note, at the outset, that the Forfeiture Provision
occurs in an _employment_ context. Had it been a traditional restraint of
trade clause, there would have been no question whatsoever that the doctrine
of restraint of trade would apply to it. Indeed, as this court observed in
_Man Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S)
Pte Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“ _Man Financial_ ”)
(at [45]), “[w]hilst [the court] would _not_ go so far as to state that the
doctrine of restraint of trade _always_ applies in _every_ contractual
context, [the court notes] that its application in the context of _employment_
is _well established_ ” [emphasis in original]. It has only been in novel
situations, such as in the context of a solus agreement as was the case in the
House of Lords decision of _Esso Petroleum Co Ltd v Harper’s Garage
(Stourport) Ltd_ [1968] AC 269, where the court has found it necessary to re-
examine the principles underlying the application of the restraint of trade
doctrine. Given that the present appeal takes place in the well-established
employment context, we see no need to engage in the process of reinventing the
wheel.

38 However, as we have noted above, the Respondent has argued that the
Forfeiture Provision does not come within the ambit of the doctrine in the
first place because there is _no_ “ _restraint_ ” as such on the Appellant.
This clause constitutes, instead, a _financial disincentive_ to the Appellant
should he (the Appellant) choose to leave the Respondent and compete with the
Respondent.

39 Looked at in this light, the issue before this court is a straightforward
one: Does the Forfeiture Provision impose a “ _restraint_ ” on the Appellant’s
freedom to trade (in this instance, to set up a separate company, _viz_ ,
Xangbo)?

40 It is important to note that what is before us is, strictly speaking, a
threshold issue inasmuch as a holding by this court that the doctrine of
restraint of trade applies to the Forfeiture Provision does _not
automatically_ result in that clause being rendered void and unenforceable.
The clause might (assuming that the Respondent had a legitimate proprietary
interest to protect (see _Man Financial_ at [79]-[93]), which _was_ the case
here (see above at [14(c)]-[14(d)] and [19])) still be shown to be valid if it
is _reasonable both_ in the interests of _the parties_ _and_ of _the public_ ,
_ie._ it is still subject to the twin tests of reasonableness enunciated by
Lord Macnaghten in the seminal House of Lords decision of _Thorsten_
_Nordenfelt (Pauper) v The Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company,
Limited_ [1894] AC 535 (“ _Nordenfelt_ ”) (at 565) which has been endorsed in
the local context (see, for example, _Man Financial_ at [69]-[78] and _CLAAS
Medical Centre Pte Ltd v Ng Boon Ching_ [2010] 2 SLR 386). However, having
regard to the fact (as already noted) that we agree wholly with the Judge on
all aspects of his decision except for his decision in relation to the crucial
issue, a finding by this court that the doctrine of restraint of trade applies
to the Forfeiture Provision would effectively result in this appeal being
allowed (hence, as noted above (at [2]), the characterisation of this
particular issue as “the crucial issue”).

41 We have, in fact, already set out our views on the nature of the Forfeiture
Provision. In particular, we have found that, given that the Deferred
Incentive Award was _already vested_ in the Appellant and that the Forfeiture
Provision operated to _restrain_ the Appellant from leaving the employment of
the Respondent to join a competitor, by way of a _threat_ to _forfeit_ a not
insubstantial financial reward which had _already vested in the Appellant_
should he (the Appellant) in fact leave the employment of the Respondent to
join a competitor (see, especially, above at [35]), the Forfeiture Provision
is, in our view, indeed a “ _restraint_ ” that brings that clause within the
ambit of the doctrine of restraint of trade (indeed, we pause to observe,
parenthetically, that such a situation is no different, in substance, from
that in the Australian Privy Council decision of _Stenhouse Australia Ltd v
Marshall William Davidson Phillips_ [1974] 1 AC 391 (the only difference, if
at all, consisting in the fact that this last-mentioned case constituted an
even more obvious situation since the commission sought to be forfeited
pursuant to the clause concerned would in fact be earned _independently_ by
the former employee _post_ employment)). What, however, is of concern to this
court is the precise relationship between Forfeiture-for-Competition clauses
such as the Forfeiture Provision and Payment-for-Loyalty clauses. To put it
simply, if we were prepared to accept that the latter did _not_ fall within
the ambit of the restraint of trade doctrine, then, if there was in substance
no distinction between the latter and the former, it would necessarily follow
that the former (including, here, the Forfeiture Provision) would _also not_
fall within the ambit of the restraint of trade doctrine. However, as we have
already mentioned above (at [27]), there _is_ a distinction between both these
types of clauses. Because of the importance of this particular issue, it would
be appropriate to elaborate in more detail why we have arrived at this
conclusion and, in particular, why _Payment-for-Loyalty clauses_ do _not_
result in a “restraint” which brings them within the ambit of the restraint of
trade doctrine.

42 Looked at contextually, there are two considerations that must be
considered in the present appeal. First, the employee is _entitled to the
bonus monies_ (_ie_ , the monies are _vested_). Second, any potential
restraint takes place in the post-employment context.

43 We have already found that the Forfeiture Provision deals with monies that
the employee is entitled to. Whilst it might be argued that Payment-for-
Loyalty clauses have the _same result_ as the Forfeiture Provision, this
_might_ be true _only if_ one adopts the _most literal_ approach inasmuch as
the _result_ of both such clauses would suggest that employees (such as the
Appellant) would be _tempted (if not persuaded)_ to continue in the employment
of the employer (here, the Respondent). _However_ , this similarity in
_result_ is only superficial, at best (hence, the appellation “might” in the
preceding sentence). Put simply, the _result_ concerned _cannot be divorced
from_ its _cause_. In ascertaining the _legal status_ of the clause concerned,
the court adopts _an integrated and holistic_ approach which is based, in the
final analysis, on _principle_. In this regard, the legal line between both
types of clauses mentioned at the outset of the present paragraph, whilst not
an easy one to draw, ought to be drawn if a _principled_ distinction does
indeed exist. In order to ascertain whether such a line ought to be drawn, the
court ought, in our view, to have recourse to the integrated and holistic
approach just mentioned.

44 It can immediately be seen that the respective _causes_ of the Forfeiture
Provision and a typical Payment-for-Loyalty clause are _quite different_. The
_former_ , as mentioned above, comprises a clause which _restrains_ the
employee concerned from leaving the employment of the employer _by withholding
what had already been vested in him if he did in fact leave such employment
and join a competitor_. The _latter_ , on the other hand, contains – as the
relevant case law emphasises – _no restraint_ as such; a typical Payment-for-
Loyalty clause simply provides that, if the employee concerned continues in
the employment of the employer, he or she will receive an _additional_ payment
for his or her loyalty. _It is of the first importance to note that the
employee concerned has hitherto not done anything that entitles him or her to
such payment and, hence, nothing is vested in him or her as such. There is
therefore no restraint on the employee, who is free to choose whether he or
she would like to continue in the employment of the employer in order to be
entitled to such a (loyalty) payment_. This is, it ought to be emphasised, a
straightforward _contractual_ arrangement between the employee and the
employer. It is also, presumably, _an entire contract_ and, therefore, if the
employee leaves prior to the period stipulated pursuant to the Payment-for-
Loyalty clause concerned, then, absent an argument of substantial performance
by the employee, there would, _ceteris paribus_ , be a breach of contract by
the employee which would disentitle him or her from claiming the payment
stipulated in the clause.

45 Could it not, however, be argued that a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause
could be _equally_ characterised as a _contractual_ arrangement as well? This
is, at first blush at least, a persuasive argument, albeit couched in the form
of a question. _However_ , closer scrutiny of such an argument will reveal
that, whilst it is true that such a clause does involve a contractual
arrangement as well, it is _the content_ of such a clause which renders it
potentially contrary to public policy as being in possible restraint of trade.
_Unlike_ a Payment-for-Loyalty clause, a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause, as
explained above, contains _a restraint_ , whose foundation may be traced to
the fact that the payment concerned would have _already vested_ in the
employee concerned, who is then _restrained_ from leaving the employment of
the employer to join a competitor because to do so would be _to give up a
right which had already vested in him or her._ In _contrast_ , the employee
would, pursuant to a Payment-for-Loyalty clause, _not be giving up a right
which had already vested in him or her_ but would, rather, be entering into a
contractual arrangement which _would result in a similar right vesting in the
future_. Put simply, the _former_ is a situation characterised by _restraint_
, whereas the _latter_ is a situation characterised by _incentive_. It is
important, at this juncture, to reiterate that, whilst the _former and_
_latter might_ _result_ in a _similar_ action on the part of the employee
concerned (_viz_ , continuing in the employment of the employer), the
respective _causes_ are _quite different_. In the situation involving a
Payment-for-Loyalty clause, the _incentive_ is precisely that, whereas in the
situation involving a Forfeiture Provision, the so-called “incentive” is _not_
really an “incentive” as such, except in so far as the Forfeiture Provision
promises (by its very heading as well as language) to _take away_ a right or
entitlement that has _already vested_ in the employee concerned and, hence,
constitutes a _restraint_ that militates against the very policy underlying
the legal proscription against clauses that are in _unreasonable_ restraint of
trade.

46 The word “unreasonable” in the last sentence of the preceding paragraph is
important: In accordance with the principles laid down under Singapore law,
the clause concerned, whilst _prima facie_ void, might be shown to be valid if
it passes the twin tests of reasonableness (see above at [40]). In other
words, there is _no blanket_ rule as such which proscribes clauses that fall
within the restraint of trade doctrine. Hence, if the Forfeiture Provision
falls within the restraint of trade doctrine, that clause is _not
automatically_ rendered unenforceable, but may still be enforceable if it is
reasonable in the interests of the parties and of the public.

47 In finding that the restraint of trade doctrine applies to Forfeiture-for-
Competition clauses characterised by the deprivation of _vested rights_ , it
must be noted that we are not ignoring the need to balance freedom of trade
with freedom of contract. We find, however, that the appropriate place for
this balance to be struck in the employment context is at the reasonableness
(as opposed to the threshold) stage. We have already noted (at [37]) that the
doctrine is assumed to apply in the employment context where the relevant
clause is substantially a restraint (and is similar to a classic restraint of
trade clause). The restraint of trade doctrine essentially protects only one
policy objective: the freedom to trade. In deciding that it should apply,
there is no balance to be struck because the restraint of trade doctrine says
nothing (at this threshold stage) about freedom of contract. It is only
_after_ the doctrine is found to be applicable that the twin tensions of
freedom of contract and freedom of trade can be mediated and balanced
(assuming that the employer can establish a legitimate proprietary interest to
begin with) via the twin tests of reasonableness (noted above at [40] and
[46]).

48 We should add that the approach we have adopted also provides employers
with sufficient flexibility inasmuch as it preserves the many permutations of
schemes which they can set up. For example, schemes involving straightforward
loyalty payments would not constitute a _restraint_ as such. Neither would
loyalty payments which constitute a percentage of, and are in addition to,
bonus payments, nor a deferred bonus scheme which is not tied to a non-compete
clause. Employers could even choose to maintain the _same structure_ as that
adopted in the present case and such a scheme would _still_ pass muster _if it
is reasonable_. The concept of vesting is thus no more than a reiteration of
the accepted concept that an individual’s freedom to trade cannot be
constrained, except in accordance with the twin tests of reasonableness
referred to in the preceding paragraph. It does not dictate to employers what
they should do in order to retain their top talent.

49 Lest it be thought that the concept of whether or not a right had _already
vested_ is a novel one, it is important to point out that such a concept has
also been applied in other decisions. For example, in the English High Court
decision of _Finnegan v J & E Davy_ [2007] IEHC 18, the plaintiff employee was
given a bonus by the defendant stockbroking firm in the calendar year 1997
amounting to £100,000, with £60,000 being paid first and the remaining £40,000
being deferred for one year. If the plaintiff left the defendant’s employment,
he would not receive the £40,000. In the calendar year 1998, the bonus amount
was £200,000, albeit with a one-third split imposed upon the plaintiff – a
split which the plaintiff objected to as he was in effect being required to
work for the defendant for an additional two years before he could receive and
have possession of money which he felt that he had already earned. In
September 2000, the plaintiff left the defendant to work for another
stockbroking firm. He requested the monies retained from the bonuses. The
defendant refused payment and the plaintiff consequently brought an action
against the defendant, claiming £65,000 in respect of bonuses due from the
year ended 31 December 1998 and £140,000 in respect of bonuses due from the
year ended 31 December 1999. Smyth J held that the plaintiff was entitled to
the amounts claimed, holding (in the process) that the deferral or retention
provision in the contract between the plaintiff and the defendant not only
fell within the scope of the restraint of trade doctrine but also failed to
pass muster under that particular doctrine. More importantly (for the purposes
of the present appeal), the learned judge made the following pertinent
observations (which are entirely consistent with the approach adopted in the
present appeal):

_If, as I understand the notion of an incentive, is something that incites to
action, then I have great difficulty in understanding how following one’s own
money in order to recover it and to ensure it is not forfeit or lost falls
within the concept_. I can well understand a bonus earned and paid in full
would be an incentive to future performance.

I found the analogy of Mr. McLaughlin [the overall head of the defendant
employer’s Equities Division] between a share option scheme – a right
conferred dependent on or which would only vest upon a future event (a known
condition subsequent to the conferring of the option) and _a bonus already
earned declared and set aside in a specific account as a result of past
endeavours which had vested and notwithstanding that vesting became
conditional upon future commitment to other endeavours in the future_ , quite
unconvincing.

...

[T]he real purpose (which I find as a fact) of the deferral or retention of
the elements of the bonus was _to create a financial and practical restriction
on employees_ _who wished to continue to act as stockbrokers going to another
firm of stockbrokers_. Furthermore the fact that such employees as left the
employment of [the defendant] when outstanding elements of bonuses had not
been paid, but did not go into competition, were paid such outstanding monies
gives point to the notion and submission that if in effect the provision was
as part of a contract it was a contract in restraint of trade. The evidence, I
am satisfied, bears out the contention that the Defendant paid all outstanding
bonus entitlements to persons (other than the Plaintiff) who left the
employment of the Defendant between the period 1996 and 2001 who did not go
into another stockbroking firm.

The question as to whether a bonus was discretionary or otherwise was agitated
by the parties. I find as a fact that _over a period of years the Plaintiff
could have had_** _a legitimate and reasonable expectation_** that if the firm
thrived and his efforts were fruitful a bonus would come to him as it did to a
number of other employees. It was _certainly discretionary as to amount
because each year’s trading would differ and there had to be an assessment of
his success or otherwise in each year_ , but I am satisfied that _the
Plaintiff could_** _reasonably expect_** _as a matter of principle built up
from a number of years of consistent conduct in the payment of bonuses and the
matter of discretion never having been mentioned to him at any stage that some
bonus would be payable – the amount only dependent on the trading activities
of the firm and his own performance._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

50 We turn now to consider _Wyatt_ , where the court applied the restraint of
trade doctrine. That case involved the payment of a pension to the employee
upon retirement. The letter informing him of the pension stated that he was
“at liberty to undertake any other employment, or enter into any business on
[his] own account, except in the wool trade”. The employer sought to rescind
this payment and the employee sued the employer, alleging, _inter alia_ , that
“the firm… [had] contracted _as a matter of law_ to pay him a pension, and
that the firm [had] _no power_ to withdraw that pension” (_Wyatt_ at 803)
[emphasis added]. In effect, the employee claimed that he was _legally
entitled_ to the payment of the pension, an argument in substance that the
pension was vested. The majority assumed that the employee was _contractually_
_entitled_ to the pension before proceeding to apply the restraint of trade
doctrine (Scrutton LJ, on the other hand, was of the view (agreeing with
Macnaghten J in the court below) that no contractual obligation had arisen
between the parties in the first place). One possible interpretation of that
case is that the employee had thereby attained a _vested right_ to the pension
which the employer had paid him for some nine years (from 1923 (when the
employee retired) till 1932) before withdrawing it owing to the financial
difficulties that it (the employer) found itself in. If so, then the court’s
application of the restraint of trade doctrine is consistent with the approach
from vesting adopted above. Put simply, the assumption by the court in _Wyatt_
that the doctrine of restraint of trade applied can be justified on the basis
that, once the payment of the pension was found to be an _entitlement_ , the
clause had the same effect as a classic restraint of trade clause as it meant
_forfeiting a right to which the employee was entitled_ in the event that he
competed and thus _restrained_ his freedom to trade (and, to this extent, at
least part of the critique in a learned note referred to in the court below
(see (1933) 49 LQR 465, especially at p 466) might not be as persuasive).
Slesser LJ, when considering the substantive effect of the contract granting
the pension, opined (_Wyatt_ at 809) that:

The public policy which has to be considered, the interest of the community,
seems to be affected quite as much by an agreement that a person will _give
up_ a benefit which he would otherwise receive if he enters into a particular
trade, as it is by a direct agreement by him not to enter into that trade.
[emphasis added]

The characterisation of the contract by Slesser LJ was not that of a
disincentive, despite later characterisations of _Wyatt_ to that effect, but
of a benefit which was to be _given up_ which would otherwise have been
received as the employee’s _entitlement_. The word “entitlement” was picked up
by Jonathan Sumption QC in the English High Court decision of _Marshall v N M
Financial Management Ltd_ [1995] 1 WLR 1461 (“ _Marshall_ ”), where he
observed (at 1468) that the agent was not “ _entitled_ to any commission after
termination” under the relevant clause. However, even assuming that the
plaintiff’s rights in this case were not in fact vested, there is another
possible method of explaining the result arrived at by the court (which is
explored briefly below at [61]).

51 We also note that, in _Marshall_ , although the issue of vesting was not
expressly discussed and the court applied _Wyatt_ in holding that the clause
concerned (which provided that no renewal commission would be payable if,
within one year after the date of termination of his contract, the independent
contractor becomes an independent intermediary or becomes an appointed
representative of any company or organisation which may directly or indirectly
be in competition with the employer) was within the scope of the restraint of
trade doctrine, it would appear, even from the judgment itself (_Marshall_ at
1468), that the employee concerned was _entitled_ to receive the renewal
commission in question. The defendant employer accepted and used the language
of entitlement; its arguments and affidavits disputed whether the independent
contractor was _entitled_ to commission in respect of clients who were
serviced by the contractor prior to the termination of his contract. When the
Court of Appeal in _Marshall v N M Financial Management Ltd_ [1997] 1 WLR 1527
(“ _Marshall (CA)_ ”) (at 1531) applied _Wyatt_ (albeit in a different
context), it also used the word “entitlement” to describe the employee’s claim
to the pension monies. When the court held that the impugned clause was in
unreasonable restraint of trade but applied the doctrine of severance, it was
effectively achieving the result that the employee was _entitled_ to post-
termination commission. It should also be noted that the only issue on appeal
related to the application of the doctrine of severance (see _Marshall (CA)_ ,
especially at 1530). However, even this last-mentioned decision suggests that
the renewal commission concerned had already _vested_ in the employee (see
_Marshall (CA)_ at 1534). This must be right, as the plaintiff in _Marshall_
was an independent contractor whose remuneration was entirely by way of
commission. This commission had two components: an initial commission and a
renewal commission. The disputed renewal commission, by the defendant’s own
admission, consisted of commission in respect of clients serviced by the
independent contractor prior to the termination of his agency. The renewal
commission was hence an integral part of the plaintiff contractor’s
remuneration _for work already done_. It was thus clearly distinguishable from
pure payments for loyalty as it concerned _vested_ commissions to which the
plaintiff contractor was _entitled_.

52 A similar interpretation could, in our view, also possibly be taken of
another English High Court decision, _viz_ , _Sadler v Imperial Life Assurance
Co of Canada Ltd_ [1988] IRLR 388 (“ _Sadler_ ”). Although the court in that
case characterised _Wyatt_ and subsequent decisions following it as situations
of mere financial incentive, the _substance_ of _Sadler_ dealt with
commissions to be paid to an employee, a life insurance agent, out of the
premiums paid by the insured persons introduced by the employee _prior to his
termination_. Like _Marshall_ , the employee’s remuneration consisted entirely
of commissions. It was a feature of life assurance contracts that the premium
was payable over a number of years. The commission to be paid to the employee
was accordingly deferred over the same number of years that this premium was
paid. At the time the employee left employment, there would thus be a number
of policies which would have been effected by the employee during his term of
employment and was thus _entirely owing to the employee’s work done during
employment_ , the commissions of which would not yet have been paid to him.
The question arose as to whether these unpaid commissions could be withheld by
the employer without falling foul of the restraint of trade doctrine. In
finding that this was in restraint of trade, the court acknowledged (_Sadler_
at 392) that the substance of the impugned clause was to deprive the employee
of monies which had _already_ been earned by him during his appointment as
agent. This is thus a clear case of _vested monies_ to which an employee was
entitled.

53 However, we recognise that legal entitlement or vesting might not be the
only basis for holding that the restraint of trade doctrine applies, and there
may be other situations (that fall short of legal entitlement or vesting) that
might nevertheless prompt the court to hold that the doctrine of restraint of
trade ought to apply to the clause(s) in question. As this particular issue is
not directly before this court (there having been clear legal vesting of the
bonus monies in the Appellant), we would merely proffer a few tentative views,
utilising a few of the more salient decisions cited to this court as a
platform for discussion and illustration until such time when the issue comes
squarely for decision before the courts.

54 The doctrine of restraint of trade was, for example, applied in the English
High Court decision of _Bull v Pitney-Bowes Ltd and Others_ [1967] 1 WLR 273
(“ _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ ”), which did not directly involve a vesting of legal
rights in the employee as such.

55 The contested scheme in _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ consisted of a non-
contributory pension fund, the assets of which were vested in the trustees.
Rule 16 of the fund prohibited any retired member from engaging or being
employed in “any activity or occupation which is in competition with or
detrimental to the interests of the company”, and gave the employers the right
to “cancel all [the employee’s] rights and benefits under the rules” should he
choose to compete even after being given notice not to do so. The employee
voluntarily retired to join a competing company and was warned that his rights
and benefits under the pension fund would be forfeited if he chose to compete.
He applied for a declaration, _inter alia_ , that rule 16 was an unreasonable
restraint of trade and was void and unenforceable. Even though the employee
had contributed to the fund for 16 years under the (prior and now superseded)
1940 pension scheme, rule 3 of the new scheme required employees who were
members of the 1940 pension scheme to renounce their rights and benefits under
that scheme. This rule was not challenged and it could not be said that the
rights had become legally vested in the employee by virtue of his contribution
to the fund. The employers argued that the employee was _not entitled to_ the
pension as rule 16 was about defining the class of persons who were to benefit
from the fund and not about imposing conditions on the accrual of rights and
benefits under the fund. In effect, this was an argument that the rights were
_not vested_. Thesiger J found that there was no distinction in principle
between a covenant not to take up certain skilled work and the discontinuance
of a pension if one does choose to take up that work as both were
_inducements_ (and not mere incentives) not to trade. The learned judge
proceeded on the assumption that the employer’s argument (that rule 16 merely
defined the class of persons who were to benefit from the fund) was _wrong_.
The inducement under rule 16 was an “inducement of a _continued_ pension”
(_Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ at 282) [emphasis added]. The use of the word
“continued” contains an assumption that the employee _already had an_
_existing entitlement_ to the pension under the new scheme which was not
founded on the basis of legal vesting (unlike (at least arguably) in _Wyatt_
and in the present case). The basis for the employee’s entitlement to the
pension was, however, uncertain. Nevertheless, this suggests that an employee
may acquire an entitlement to payments despite the fact that they have not
been legally vested in him. There is thus some flexibility in the notion of
entitlement which permits gradation based on the facts.

56 _One possible_ approach that might be adopted to explain why rule 16 in
_Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ ought to fall within the scope of the restraint of trade
doctrine despite the absence of legal vesting is as follows. If the facts are
such as to result in a _reasonable expectation_ on the part of the employee
that he or she would be entitled to the benefit concerned, then the clause
which seeks to forfeit such a benefit would therefore still come within the
scope of the restraint of trade doctrine. In this regard, it should be noted
that the concept of reasonable expectations, first mooted by Lord Steyn in an
extralegal context (see Lord Steyn, “Contract Law: Fulfilling the Reasonable
Expectations of Honest Men” (1997) 113 LQR 433) has been endorsed judicially
by our courts. In the decision of this court in _Tribune Investment Trust Inc
v Soosan Trading Co Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 407, for example, it was observed by
Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court) thus (at [40]):

[T]he function of the court is to try as far as practical experience allows,
to ensure that the reasonable expectations of honest men are not disappointed.

Reference may also be made to the decision of the Singapore High Court in
_Chwee Kin Keong and others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 594
(at [151]–[152]) as well as the decisions of this court in _Jet Holding Ltd
and others v Cooper Cameron (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and other appeals_
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 (at [111]); and _Tan Jin Sin and another v Lim Quee_
_Choo_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 938 (at [20]).

57 However, one possible difficulty with the adoption of such an approach is
that the concept of reasonable expectations is precisely that – a _concept_.
It is _not_ a _doctrine_ as such. Nevertheless, if it is utilised only as an
underlying rationale to ascertain whether or not the clause concerned comes
within the scope of the doctrine of restraint of trade, such a difficulty
might not be an insuperable one. That having been said, the concept itself is
still – potentially at least – relatively broad and somewhat amorphous. This
could, in turn, give rise to no small uncertainty in the sphere of
application. It is true that each fact situation does generate some
uncertainty. However, such uncertainty might be exacerbated by the relatively
broad parameters contained within the concept of reasonable expectations. To
this end, a _more specific and stricter conception_ _of the concept of
reasonable expectations_ might be more appropriate. Put simply, if the concept
of reasonable expectations is _premised upon_ the satisfaction of _the
criteria_ that govern the doctrine of _equitable (or promissory)__estoppel_ ,
this might constitute a more satisfactory and workable approach towards the
concept of reasonable expectations in the context of the issue as to whether
or not the doctrine of restraint of trade ought to apply in a given fact
situation.

58 In _Hairman v FileNET Corporation Pty Limited_ [2001] NSWIRComm 318 (“
_Hairman v FileNET_ ”), for example, the NSW Commission found (at [92]–[93])
that the employee had been aware that commission might be lost but was
nonetheless prepared to accept it and could not thus complain. The agreement
was commercially fair, as the consequence of upholding the relevant clause was
that the employee did not get a benefit which he had no legitimate expectation
of getting in the first place. This was essentially an estoppel argument. The
employer was _not estopped_ from withholding the commission because there had
always been _a mutual expectation_ that the commission would be _lost in the
event of_ the employee competing; both parties had proceeded on this basis and
the employee had not detrimentally relied on the employer’s undertaking. In
fact, the employee, Mr Hairman, had benefitted from the way the scheme was set
up. He had no enforceable legal or equitable right to the commission. Not only
was the commission scheme “directed, structured and operated, not just to pay
participants such as Mr Hairman for sales which they achieved, but also in
order to achieve other objectives” (see _Hairman v FileNET_ at [121]), Mr
Hairman also knew and understood these aims, and could not have had a
reasonable expectation of receiving these commissions.

59 The NSW Commission applied the same reasoning in _Rick Lloyd_. We have
already observed that that fact situation involved _unvested_ rights. However,
even if they did not, it is clear that the NSW Commission also looked to the
reasonable expectations of the employee in deciding that he was _not entitled_
to the benefits under the impugned clause. The NSW Commission reasoned that
not only had the clear wording of the letters offering the “Above base
component” notified the employee that the commissions were unvested, industry
practice also showed that the employee must have known that the _unvested
portion of his performance based bonuses_ would not be paid to him if he left
employment. The reason for distinguishing cases like _Hairman v FileNET_ and
_Rick Lloyd_ from cases such as _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ was that the employees
in _Hairman v FileNET_ and _Rick Lloyd_ had _no reasonable expectation_ of
being able to retain the benefit of the financial incentive being given under
the impugned clause. There was thus no representation on which they could have
(or had in fact) detrimentally relied on.

60 Contrastingly, in _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ , it might be argued that by making
contributions to the pension fund for 16 years _instead of_ saving privately
for his post-retirement needs and subsequently continuing to work for the
employer instead of seeking a refund for these contributions, the employee had
detrimentally relied on the employer’s express representation that a pension
and life insurance benefit would be provided. This equitable right was not
taken away by rule 3 of the new Pension Scheme which provided that “such
rights or benefits [which] are preserved by these rules” need not be
renounced. The use of the word “right” clearly evinces an intention even under
the new scheme that the employee was to be _entitled_ to the pension monies
even though there was no clear legal basis for such entitlement; these were
not merely benefits which could be denied at the employer’s discretion. Even
if the pension monies were not legally vested in the employee, the employee
had an equitable right to them as the employer was estopped from withholding
those monies and only paying the employee on condition that the employee did
not compete with his ex-employer after retirement. An equitable right of
estoppel _may_ provide the flexibility needed to maintain a gradation in
deciding whether, on its facts, a clause is in restraint of trade.

61 Turning to the decision in _Wyatt_ , we have already opined above (at [50])
that the fact situation in that case involved a legal vesting. Even if it were
not, it is clear, in our view, that there was – _at the very least_ – a
_reasonable expectation_ on the part of the employee that he would continue to
receive his pension in return for his promise not to be involved in the wool
trade. In particular, the employee in this case not only entered (as the
majority of the English Court of Appeal at least assumed) into a binding
contractual relationship with the employer to this effect but had also
received the pension concerned for some nine years before the employer wrote
to the employee, informing him that it was discontinuing payment of the
pension. Also, given the fact that the employee had entered the employment of
the employer’s predecessors in 1876 and had served throughout right up to 1923
(when he retired), there was a strong case that the elements of equitable
estoppel might apply _vis-à-vis_ the employer based on the totality of the
facts as viewed in their context, which would (in turn) have supported the
argument that the employee had a reasonable expectation which ought to have
resulted in the clause concerned being subject to the doctrine of restraint of
trade.

62 From these cases, we are able to extract certain guiding principles. The
first is that a representation must be made by the employer. In _Bull v
Pitney-Bowes_ and _Wyatt_ , such representation was clear through the payment
of monies into the pension fund in the former case and through the letter sent
to the employee along with the payment of the pension for nine years in the
latter case.

63 Secondly, this representation must have induced the employee to enter or
continue in employment in reliance on that representation. In _Bull v Pitney-
Bowes_ , the employee had paid monies into the pension fund for 16 years
before the scheme was changed in the expectation that he would get a pension
from this fund as represented. An employee could not both be granted a return
of the monies paid to the pension fund under the superseded scheme as well as
a pension. Rule 7(b) gave him two choices: either resign or be dismissed and
have his contributions returned, or stay until retirement, forfeit the monies
paid into the superseded pension fund and get a pension under the new scheme
instead. The employee in _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ chose the latter and the
learned judge found (at 280) that, by voluntarily staying on till retirement
and completing 15 or more years of pensionable service, he had qualified
himself under rule 7(b) to receive the pension he was “entitled to” while
forfeiting a return of the contributions paid to him under the superseded
scheme. Rule 7(b) circumscribed the employee’s choices and constituted an
inducement to stay in the employer’s employment _in order to_ be paid a
pension. Once the employee had made this choice in reliance of the new pension
scheme rules, and in particular rule 7(b), it would be inequitable to have
withdrawn the represented benefit when the employee’s previous choice could
not now be rescinded. The learned judge opined thus (_Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ at
282):

From the public point of view there is every justification for the plaintiff’s
argument in this case that the employer cannot achieve by _the inducement of a
continued pension_ that which he could not achieve by obtaining a direct
promise in return for particular wages or salary. [emphasis added]

The fact that the employer’s behaviour amounted to an _inducement to continue
in employment_ (rather than to have the employee take back his contribution to
the superseded fund under rule 7(b) and leave the employer to join a
competitor) was clearly a factor in the learned judge’s mind, and we find that
this is right in principle. Where the employee’s choices have been
circumscribed or a particular choice induced by the employer, it hardly lies
in the employer’s mouth to deny the very representation leading to the (now
intractable) situation which the employee finds himself in.

64 By way of clarification, we should note that inducement to the employee to
choose a certain course of action is quite different from the American
Employee Choice Doctrine, which we have found at [81] below to be unsound as a
matter of general principle. In the American Employee Choice Doctrine, what
constitutes the focus is the employee’s choices made at the point of contract.
The notion of inducement, in contrast, focuses on the effect of the employer’s
representation on the employee’s actions. Put simply, the American Employee
Choice Doctrine says that an employee can give up his right to trade in
exercise of his freedom to contract. The question of whether the employee was
induced to continue to work for his/her employer asks whether the employer’s
words and actions were a restraint on the employee’s actions at the material
time, regardless of the conditions under which this had been given up (_viz_ ,
whether in exercise of his freedom to contract or not). The questions asked
are subtly different and the latter exists within the broader framework of
_reasonable expectations_.

65 In contrast to _Wyatt_ and _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ , in _Rick Lloyd_ and
_Hairman_ , the NSW Commission went out of their way to emphasise that there
had been no reliance, particularly no detrimental reliance, on any
representation which could have been made by the employer. In _Rick Lloyd_ ,
for example, the NSW Commission observed (at [78]) that:

The applicant was _aware of and understood_ all of these workplace practices
as part of the work environment or the employment culture within which he
operated. The applicant chose to continue to work for some years under a
regime where forfeiture of the unvested portion of his performance based
bonuses was the consequence if he resigned. [emphasis added]

In other words, the applicant had chosen to continue to work not because of
any representation by the employer but _in spite of_ the employer’s
representations to the contrary.

66 It follows that the third requirement is that there must be some sort of
inequity arising from the reliance on this statement. The most tangible form
of inequity is detriment arising from reliance. There was clearly a detriment
in _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_ in so far as the employee could have gotten his
pension contribution back under rule 7(b) had he chosen the route not
involving the payment of a pension, or he could have saved enough for his
retirement such that he would not have been left high and dry after he
retired. The representations made inducing him to choose a certain course of
conduct which could not later be rescinded landed the employee in a situation
where he would have had nothing to retire on. This would have been a
detrimental and inequitable situation. In _Wyatt_ , the pension had been paid
over nine years and Wyatt would have planned for the future in reliance on the
continued payment of the pension and thus incurred a detriment. It would
accordingly have been inequitable for the pension to suddenly be withdrawn. In
contrast, in _Hairman_ , there had not only been no detriment, the NSW
Commission had in fact observed (at [121]) that Mr Hairman had benefited from
this scheme.

67 We would conclude this part of the judgment by noting one further (and
related) issue that might also merit further inquiry in future decisions,
_viz_ , the relationship between the doctrine of equitable (or promissory)
estoppel on the one hand and the concept of reasonable expectations on the
other in the context of the doctrine of restraint of trade - particularly
given the fact that equitable estoppel is a _doctrine_ whilst reasonable
expectations centre on a _concept_. A few preliminary observations will
suffice for present purposes. As alluded to above (at [56]), what we suggest
ought to be applied in order to ascertain whether or not a clause in a given
fact situation ought to come within the scope of the doctrine of restraint of
trade in the first place is the concept of reasonable expectations. However,
the application of this concept alone is too broad and might therefore
generate unnecessary uncertainty. What was therefore suggested was that, in
order to ascertain whether or not the employee’s reasonable expectations were
such as to result in the doctrine of restraint of trade applying, the court
should have regard to the _criteria_ that govern the _doctrine_ of equitable
estoppel. Technically speaking, it is _not_ the _doctrine_ of equitable
estoppel that is applied but, rather, its _criteria or elements_ (as to which
reference may be made to the excellent overview as well as analysis in Lee Pey
Woan, “Consideration” in ch 4 of Andrew Phang Boon Leong (Gen Ed), _The Law of
Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _Lee_ ”) at pp 227-252).
This is an important point, not least because it is, as yet, unclear as to
whether or not the doctrine of equitable estoppel can be used as a sword (or
independent cause of action) (see, for example, _Lee_ at pp 238-245) so that,
in such a situation, it might at least arguably be the case that the
_doctrine_ of equitable estoppel might not, strictly speaking, be applicable
in its entirety. However, the criteria as stated in [62]–[66] above do
furnish, in our view, ample parameters which would enable the concept of
reasonable expectations to be applied in order to determine whether or not the
doctrine of restraint of trade applies in the situation at hand. Put simply,
the successful invocation of the relevant criteria relating to the doctrine of
promissory estoppel in _this_ particular context merely opens the door, so to
speak, for the court to apply the law relating to the doctrine of restraint of
trade to the clause concerned. However, it bears reiterating that the
application of such criteria would, in our view, furnish the requisite
specificity as well as appropriate constraints on what would otherwise become
an excessively fluid (and, more importantly, relatively uncertain) process.
Nevertheless, as already emphasised, these are but tentative observations as
this – as well as other related – issues were not directly before this court.

68 It is important to emphasise, at this juncture, that the approach just
considered _sets a high threshold_ before the court concerned will hold that a
restraint exists, which restraint would (in turn) attract the doctrine of
restraint of trade. Indeed, the doctrine of promissory estoppel itself is – by
its very nature – an exceptional doctrine. Hence, the mere fact that the
employee concerned has agreed to the scheme in question would _not_ , _ipso
facto_ , result in the court applying the concept of reasonable expectations
in order to hold that the doctrine of restraint of trade applies. It is clear
from our discussion of decisions such as _Wyatt_ and _Bull v Pitney-Bowes_
that what the courts are looking for is some equity _despite_ the fact that
the employee may have agreed to the scheme concerned. And such an equity
would, in the nature of things, only exist – as the cases just mentioned amply
demonstrate – in exceptional circumstances. We have attempted to define the
shape of this equity with the requirements listed above at [62]–[66]. These
requirements circumscribe the situations where a restraint will be found and,
as already mentioned, constitute a high threshold to cross.

69 Finally, and not unimportantly, we note that the concept of reasonable
expectations does _not_ apply with respect to a Payment-for-Loyalty clause in
the _same_ manner as it does with respect to a Forfeiture-for-Competition
clause. In so far as the former is concerned, the _only_ reasonable
expectation engendered in the employee concerned is that he or she would
obtain the extra payment _only if_ he or she remains in the employment of the
employer for the stipulated period (hence the attribution of the appellation
“Loyalty” to such a clause; see [58]–[59] above and the English Employment
Appeal Tribunal decision of _Peninsula Business Services Limited v Mr J
Sweeney_ (2003) EAT/1096/02/SM (“ _Sweeney_ ”) (see below at [71])). Put
another way, the employee _reasonably expects_ that he or she will _not_
receive the extra payment if he or she leaves the employment of the employer
_before_ the stipulated period has expired. And this is only just and fair. In
such a situation, the reasonable expectation is _wholly coterminous_ with the
precise contractual obligations entered into between the parties, which
obligations involve no form of restraint (whether in substance and/or form).
Where a payment is purely for loyalty (for example, the extra 10% in _Rick
Lloyd_ paid above the performance bonus), there is no vesting or reasonable
expectation which could give rise to a legitimate claim on the part of the
employee to the benefit.

70 Returning to the present case, it is, in our view, one involving clear
legal vesting. The reality is not simply that the Appellant is being deprived
of an opportunity to acquire a new right to the monies by virtue of staying in
employment. In order to acquire the bonus monies, the Appellant had to subject
himself to restrictions so that he could _no longer do elsewhere what he was
doing before_ , or _lose a right to monies_ he was _entitled_ to. The
deprivation of the employee’s legal right to _vested_ monies is _a fortiori_ a
restraint of trade. However, we leave open the question of which situations
outside of legal vesting may also give rise to an entitlement which _ought not
to be forfeited_.

71 The second consideration is that Forefeiture-for-Competition clauses like
the Forfeiture Provision purport to contractually govern what happens after
the employee has left his employment. These may be distinguished from Payment-
for-Loyalty clauses, which do not provide for the post-employment situation.
The employee who leaves under a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause may still be
entitled to the benefit if he does not compete. The employee who leaves under
a Payment-for-Loyalty clause forfeits the benefit completely, even if he
subsequently chooses not to compete. In the post-employment context, the
relevant question would be whether there was, in purpose and effect, a
restraint on trade after the employee has left his employment. The relevant
time frame under a Payment-for-Loyalty clause is thus narrower than that of
usual employment constraints. It is in this context that the Forfeiture-for-
Competition clauses may be distinguished from the Payment-for-Loyalty clauses.
Whilst a Forfeiture-for-Competition clause purports to govern what happens
post-employment, the Payment-for-Loyalty clause ignores what happens post-
employment. It was observed in _Sweeney_ (at [42]) that:

We do not consider it seriously arguable that the commission penalty that Mr
Sweeney suffered on resignation arose under a contractual term involving an
unlawful restraint of trade. His employment contract did not impose any
restraint on him as to whom he might work for, or what he might do, _after
leaving Peninsula_. [emphasis added]

72 The proposition in _Sweeney_ that a clause should seek to govern the
employees’ ability to work _after_ leaving in order to fall within the
restraint of trade doctrine was cited with approval in _Tullett_ _Prebon PLC
and others v BGC Brokers LP and others_ [2010] EWHC 484 (at [267]), where the
English High Court found:

The provisions which provide for the repayment of signing or retention
payments where the employee does not serve out the full term are not
provisions in restraint of trade. They do not affect the employees’ ability to
work _after leaving_. They are substantial sums paid to highly paid employees
as a reward for loyalty.

73 This is unlike the garden leave situation, which is concerned with negative
covenants during employment, rather than post employment. As Alistair McGregor
QC, “Garden Leave & Post Termination Restraints: Their Interaction and the
Legal Problems Generated” (available online at
http://www.11kbw.com/articles/docs/PostTermsandGardenAMcG.pdf (accessed on 6
August 2012)) explains (at [15]):

That distinction is that during the currency of an employment contract, there
is in existence an implied duty of fidelity on the employee that can be
enforced by injunction restraining him working for rivals irrespective of the
existence of any express contractual term to that effect. Once the contract
comes to an end, however, that duty of fidelity or good faith disappears. Any
post termination restraint must then satisfy the doctrine of restraint of
trade as drawn and properly construed.

Post termination employment restraints are thus not assessed with the same
level of flexibility as garden leave provisions. Where it comes to post
termination restrictions, we find that the relevant question is whether, how,
and what effect the forfeiture provision has on the actions of the employee
and his ability to exercise his skill and contribute to the market _post
employment._

74 In the present case, ex-employees’ post-employment behaviour is still
governed by the Forfeiture-for-Competition clause. The Appellant would not be
able to receive his deferred bonus monies under the Forfeiture-for-Competition
clause if he joined a competitor. He has three options whereby he would be
able to receive some economic benefit: (i) he could stay with the Respondent
and continue to draw his deferred bonus monies each year while accumulating
more of the same; (ii) he could leave the Respondent, join a non-competitor or
take a two-year holiday, and receive the deferred bonus at the end of the two
years as due compensation for not competing; and (iii) he could leave the
Respondent and join a competitor if the economic benefit from competing might
outweigh (or at least equal) the monies that he would have gained had he left
and not competed. In contrast, if the clause was more narrowly worded as a
Payment-for-loyalty clause, he would only be able to receive some economic
benefit from option (i) but not options (ii) or (iii) as the economic benefits
are narrowly and inseparably tied to whether he remains with the employer.
This is due to the fact that, once he has left his employment, the benefits
that he would otherwise have received would immediately be forfeited, and
there would be no economic incentive for the Respondent either to move to a
trade in which he was not skilled or to take a holiday.

75 In the English decisions of _Sweeney_ and _Tullet_ , the tribunal and court
were influenced by the fact that there was no legal restraint imposed on the
individual post employment. The lack of any provision for the post employment
situation is unique to the Payment-for-Loyalty clause. The real purpose and
effect of the Forfeiture Provision is to restrain the Appellant’s activity
post employment. In so far as the tribunal in _Sweeney_ stands for the
proposition that a financial disincentive _alone_ is _in_ sufficient to
justify placing a clause within the doctrine of restraint of trade, we find
that this is sound in principle. The way in which the clause is drafted, the
area it seeks to influence, and the way it seeks to influence the employee,
are all important factors to be taken into account in assessing purpose and
effect. We also note that _Sweeney_ is in tension with _Wyatt_ , which lays
down the sound principle that disincentives may also be in restraint of trade
if they have the effect of restricting the employee’s ability to exercise his
skills in trade. This was raised in _Tullet_ , but was not dealt with by the
High Court. Neither _Tullet_ nor _Sweeney_ provided any reason for departing
from the principle in _Wyatt_ , a decision made by a higher court. We do not
consider that _Tullet_ and _Sweeney_ are of much help to the Respondent.

The American Employee Choice Doctrine

76 The only issue that remains to be considered is the applicability of the
American Employee Choice Doctrine, which is a uniquely US concept. With
respect, we are of the view that the US doctrines of restraint of trade and
employee choice are not relevant in the Singapore context. There has, in the
first place, been no uniformity in the way in which the doctrine of restraint
of trade has been treated in the US. Some cases view the restraint of trade
from an anti-trust perspective, applying the rule of reason approach under the
Sherman Act (15 USC § 14) (see, for example, _O’Regan v Arbitration Forums,
Inc_ , 121 F3d 1060 (7th Cir, 1997)). However, other cases involve a
straightforward application of state law (see, for example, _Ralph S Harris v
Myron R Bolin_ 310 Minn 391 (Minnesota Supreme Court, 1976)). Yet other cases
apply the common law approach of restraint of trade with reference to the
competing policy arguments of freedom of trade and freedom of contract (see,
for example, _Lucente v International Business Machines Corporation_ 310 F.3d
243 (2nd Cir, 2002) (“ _Lucente_ ”)). The application of the restraint of
trade doctrine in the US is thus diverse, and its assumptions and subsidiary
doctrines must therefore be approached with no small measure of caution.

77 It is in the context of the last-mentioned doctrine (_viz_ , the restraint
of trade doctrine) that the American Employee Choice Doctrine is most commonly
(albeit not exclusively) found. The idea behind the American Employee Choice
Doctrine (briefly referred to earlier in this judgment in the context of the
Judge’s decision in the court below (see above at [16]-[17])) is that, if the
employee has made the free and informed choice to leave the company to compete
and forfeit certain benefits, the clause which made provision for such
forfeiture should be enforced. The court in _Lucente_ , for example, opined
thus (at 254):

New York courts will enforce a restrictive covenant without regard to its
reasonableness if the employee has been afforded the choice between not
competing (and thereby preserving his benefits) or competing (and thereby
risking forfeiture). … This “employee choice doctrine” assumes that an
employee who elects to leave a company makes an informed choice between
forfeiting a certain benefit or retaining the benefit by avoiding competitive
employment.

78 We find that the American Employee Choice Doctrine is an analogue of the
doctrine of freedom of contract. The court in _Lucente_ essentially preferred
the employee’s freedom to contract over his freedom to trade at a stage _prior
to_ that of reasonableness. An application of the American Employee Choice
Doctrine in its entirety is simply to privilege freedom of contract over
freedom to trade without more.

79 We have already observed (at [47] above) that, assuming that the restraint
of trade doctrine applies in the employment context, it does _not_ ignore the
need to mediate between the twin tensions of freedom of contract and freedom
to trade. We do not consider that it is appropriate to consider these policies
at the threshold stage or at a stage prior to the application of the twin
tests of reasonableness (assuming that the employer can demonstrate that it
has a legitimate proprietary interest to begin with). The restraint of trade
doctrine covers a special area of public policy that _may_ render a clause
void and unenforceable depending on the _degree of harm done_ to the freedom
to trade. The threshold question as to whether the doctrine applies ought not,
in our view, take into account matters of _degree_. Neither ought an
additional stage be added prior to the application of the relevant legal
principles pertaining to the doctrine of restraint of trade, which stage
involves preferring absolutely one freedom over another. It follows that the
application of the legal principles just mentioned (in particular, the twin
tests of reasonableness) is the _only appropriate occasion_ for mediating
between these two tensions and thus deciding what _degree of harm_
necessitates the rendering of a clause in restraint of trade void and
unenforceable. It also bears reiterating that, just because a Forfeiture-for-
Competition clause is subject to the doctrine of restraint of trade, it does
_not necessarily_ follow that that clause is _automatically_ rendered void and
unenforceable. Assuming that the employer can demonstrate a legitimate
proprietary interest which requires protection, that clause might still pass
muster pursuant to the twin tests of reasonableness (as to which, see above at
[40] and [46]).

80 We therefore do not consider that the American Employee Choice Doctrine is
applicable to restraint of trade cases in Singapore, and the concerns
underlying this doctrine are amply provided for by actually applying the
relevant legal principles within the framework of the doctrine of restraint of
trade (in particular, the twin tests of reasonableness).

81 Indeed, we would add that, even from the perspective of _general principle
and logic_ , there is, in our view, little – or no – reason to apply the
American Employee Choice Doctrine in the Singapore context. By its very
_definition and nature_ , the American Employee Choice Doctrine involves a
_choice_ on the part of the employee. However, as Mr Jeyaretnam has
persuasively put it in the Appellant’s written case,[note: 11] the
(contractual) acceptance by an employee of a traditional restraint of clause
_equally_ involves a _choice_ on the part of the employee. Indeed, we pause to
observe that the doctrine of restraint of trade _nevertheless_ applies in a
situation involving a traditional restraint of trade clause _not_ because of a
choice made by the employee in agreeing to it but, rather, because of _the
restraint_ contained in such a clause that ought, _pursuant to public policy
grounds (in particular, the need to safeguard freedom of trade), be subject to
the twin tests of reasonableness (assuming that the employer can demonstrate
that it has a legitimate proprietary interest to protect in the first place).
Therefore, the_ _crucial issue_ , in our view, does _not_ centre on the
concept of choice but, rather, on the question as to _whether the content of a
Forfeiture-for-Competition clause_ (such as the Forfeiture Provision in the
present appeal) involves _a restraint_. Put simply, the question as to whether
or not _a restraint_ is present _cannot_ be resolved merely by determining
whether or not the employee concerned had exercised _a choice_ in agreeing to
the Forfeiture-for-Competition clause in question. Such an employee could,
quite conceivably, have _chosen_ to agree to such a clause _just as_ he or she
could have _chosen_ to agree to _a traditional restraint of trade clause_
(which (and this is indeed the key point) _necessarily_ involves _a
restraint_). And if, indeed, a restraint was involved, then (as already
emphasised above) considerations of _public policy_ would _require_ that the
clause concerned be subject to the twin tests of reasonableness pursuant to
the doctrine of restraint of trade (assuming, of course, that the employer can
demonstrate that it has a legitimate proprietary interest to protect in the
first place).

Conclusion

82 We can understand why the Respondent would feel aggrieved by the
Appellant’s conduct. However, given our decision on the crucial issue and,
given the fact that we agree with the Judge’s analysis (which, because of his
decision on the crucial issue, was rendered only by way of _obiter dicta_) in
the court below to the effect that he would have found the Forfeiture
Provision unenforceable as being in restraint of trade had he found that
clause to have been within the ambit or scope of the restraint of trade
doctrine, we allow the appeal with costs. The usual consequential orders will
apply.

* * *

[note: 1]1st Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings (Director of the
Respondent) dated 7 April 2011 in Record of Appeal Vol 3 Part A (“3RA Part
A”), pp 95–98 at [7]–[14].

[note: 2]1st Affidavit of Mano Vikrant Singh dated 14 February 2011 in 3RA
Part A, p 6 at [5][6].

[note: 3]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol 2 (“2ACB”), p 24.

[note: 4]3RA Part A, pp 7981.

[note: 5]1st Affidavit of Mano Vikrant Singh dated 14 February 2011 in 3RA
Part A, p 17 at [32]; 1st Affidavit of Ross Forde Hamou-Jennings dated 7 April
2011 in 3RA Part A, p 120 at [81][82].

[note: 6]_Ibid_ , pp 8388.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , p 90.

[note: 8]Notes of Argument recorded by the Judge, 3RA Part C, p 204 at lines
2326.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ , p 203 at lines 1821, p 208 at line 29 and p 209 at lines
110.

[note: 10]2ACB, p 25.

[note: 11]See the Appellant’s Case, especially at para 117.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

