Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ching Mun Fong _v_ Standard Chartered Bank  
[2012] SGHC 5

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 149 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal No 236
of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Suresh Damodara (Damodara Hazra LLP) for the plaintiff;
Patrick Ang, Mohammed Reza and Alina Chia (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Ching Mun Fong — Standard Chartered Bank  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 120 of
2011 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 26 July 2012. See [2012] SGCA
38.]

9 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was an appeal by Ching Mun Fong (“the plaintiff”) in Registrar’s Appeal
No 236 of 2011 (“the Appeal”) against the decision of the Assistant Registrar
dismissing her application for pre-action discovery. I dismissed the Appeal.
As the plaintiff has appealed (in Civil Appeal No 120 of 2011) against my
decision, I shall now set out the grounds for my decision.

The background

2 The plaintiff is a private banking client of Standard Chartered Bank (“the
defendant”). She opened an account with the defendant on 4 August 2009 by
signing an Account Opening Application Form (“account opening form”). This
account opening form was made subject to the Standard Chartered Private Bank
General Terms and Conditions (“SCPB General Terms”). Over the course of the
banking relationship between the parties, the defendant was instructed by the
plaintiff to enter into two Commodity-Linked Premium Currency Investments
(“CPCI”) deals. This was an investment involving currency options which gave
the defendant the right to repay the plaintiff her principal investment sum in
either XAU (a unit of measurement for gold) or US Dollars upon the maturity of
the CPCI. On 11and 14 September 2009, the defendant exercised the currency
options such that US Dollars (and not gold) was credited into the plaintiff’s
account. The defendant’s entitlement to do this was disputed by the plaintiff.

3 The present originating summons was thus filed by the plaintiff, seeking
pre-action discovery of the following:

(a) A complete set/s of account opening forms including the terms and
conditions thereof, which the plaintiff has or may have had with the
defendant;

(b) All records, including mechanical, audio, written and computer records of
the purported trades effected by the defendant in respect of any or all of the
plaintiff’s accounts with the defendant for the dates 29 June 2010, 1 July
2010, and 2 July 2010; and

(c) All records, documents, memos and correspondence related to the two CPCI
deals.

4 Eventually, the plaintiff decided only to proceed with items (b) and (c)
above – specifically, she was seeking pre-action discovery of the voice logs
of the communications which she had with the defendant’s representatives in
relation to the two CPCI deals.

The plaintiff’s case

5 As indicated by the plaintiff’s affidavit, her contemplated claims are in
contract and tort. She alleged that the defendant had breached its contractual
obligations to her, and further that the defendant’s failure to properly
advise her was a breach of duty giving rise to a claim in the tort of
negligence. However, the plaintiff submitted that she would not be able to
plead a case against the defendant without the voice-logs. In particular, she
argued that pre-action discovery of the voice-logs will enable her to evaluate
whether she has a good cause of action (under contract and/or tort) against
the defendant.

The defendant’s case

6 As for the defendant, its position was that the plaintiff was not at all
constrained from starting proceedings or pleading her case without the voice-
logs. The defendant contended that the documentary records it had already
provided gave the plaintiff sufficient information to institute proceedings
and plead her case. Pre-action discovery should accordingly be refused.

The law on pre-action discovery

7 The power of the court to order pre-action discovery is found under O 24 r
6(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“Rules of Court”). As
per any application for discovery, the test of necessity defines the scope of
the court’s discretion in deciding whether or not pre-action discovery is
appropriate (see O 24 r 7 of the Rules of Court). In the context of pre-action
discovery however, the test of necessity must be understood in the light of
the purpose for which pre-action discovery is sought (see _Singapore Court
Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) [“ _Singapore Court
Practice_ ”] at para 24/6/2).

8 What then is the purpose of pre-action discovery? In _Kuah Kok Kim v Ernst &
Young_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 485 (“ _Kuah Kok Kim_ ”) at [31], the Court of Appeal
explained that pre-action discovery is to assist a plaintiff who “does not yet
know whether he has a viable claim against the defendant, and the rule is
there to assist him in his search for the answer”. The word “viable” must not
be understood to mean that the plaintiff is entitled to pre-action discovery
for the purposes of augmenting his case or to ‘complete his entire picture of
the case’. If that was the case, the ordinary processes of general and
specific discovery under O 24 r 1 and r 5 respectively would be subverted (see
_Singapore Court Practice_ at para 24/6/2). Instead, pre-action discovery
serves a somewhat more modest purpose: it is merely to allow the plaintiff who
suspects he has a case to obtain the necessary information to allow him to
commence proceedings.

9 In _Bayerische Hypo-und Vereinsbank AG v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore)
Pte Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR(R) 39 (“ _Asia Pacific Breweries_)”, the finance manager
of the defendant, one Mr Chia, had deceived the plaintiff banks into thinking
the defendant was borrowing money from them by forging the signatures of the
defendant’s directors on various resolutions. Mr Chia eventually pleaded
guilty to forgery and cheating. In an attempt to sue the defendant itself for
return of the money, the plaintiff banks sought pre-action discovery of
documents relating to Mr Chia’s circumstances of employment and responsibility
to show that, in spite of Mr Chia’s fraud, a banker-customer relationship
nevertheless existed between the plaintiff banks and the defendant. The High
Court explained at [25] that pre-action discovery should only be allowed if
the potential plaintiff is unable to initiate a case without the desired
information: the purpose of pre-action discovery is simply to fill the voids
or gaps in his knowledge which otherwise prevent him from pleading a case.

10 The High Court in _Asia Pacific Breweries_ at [26] also stressed that the
court will not allow pre-action discovery simply because the potential
plaintiff disputed the defendant’s version of events, for it would otherwise
lead to pre-action discovery being granted in every dispute:

In my judgment, a disbelief of APBS's position itself cannot be a sufficient
reason for seeking pre-action discovery. Otherwise, it will result in pre-
action disclosure being applied for as a matter of course. That is not what
the procedure is intended for. Invariably, cases that make their way to court
are founded on a mutual disbelief of each other's perception of things, and a
face-off is a situation common in any dispute before the commencement of
proceedings. I have already pointed out in [4] that the criterion of O 24 r
6(3) is intended to ensure that the application for pre-action discovery is
not brought frivolously or without justification.

As it was clear that the banks knew their causes of action and were not
otherwise constrained from commencing proceedings, the court declined to grant
pre-action discovery. _Asia Pacific Breweries_ thus illustrates that pre-
action discovery would be flatly refused by the court if instead of seeking to
ascertain whether there was any basis for bringing a claim, the purpose of the
application was in reality to enable the potential plaintiff to either assess
or augment the strength of his claim.

11 _Ng Giok Oh v Sajjad_ _Akhtar_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 375 (“ _Ng Giok Oh_ ”)
involved applicants claiming to have a cause of action in negligence against
certain court assessors in relation to the valuation of properties done by the
latter. As the applicants were in a position to commence proceedings, the
court ruled that they ought to commence discovery in the usual course, instead
of applying for pre-action discovery in order to uncover further causes of
action against the assessors. The court stated at [7] that pre-action
discovery “is not an instrument for private detectives snooping for action”.
This must be correct as pre-action discovery exists only for the limited
purpose of allowing potential plaintiffs to obtain the evidence needed to
mount a claim, and not to fish for additional evidence to ground further
causes of action.

12 The two cases discussed above may be contrasted with the case of _Beckkett
Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG Singapore Branch_ [2003] SLR(R) 321 (“ _Beckkett_
”). In _Beckkett_ , the defendant bank (_qua_ pledgee) had sold certain shares
belonging to the plaintiff (_qua_ pledgor). The plaintiff sought pre-action
discovery of documents relating to the “details of the manner of sale of the
pledged shares (whether by private treaty or auction)”. Pre-action discovery
was granted as without the information sought, the plaintiff would have no
idea whether it had a basis to bring a claim against the defendant for failing
to take reasonable steps to obtain the best sale price.

13 The Rules of Court exists to provide a systematic and orderly process for
the discovery of evidence leading to trial. The rule allowing for pre-action
discovery complements this by helping potential plaintiffs to ascertain if
they are in a position to commence proceedings: by virtue of the disclosed
documents the potential plaintiff will be able to decide if he has a cause of
action against the defendant. It is in this sense that the procedure for pre-
action discovery helps “to encourage the quick settlement of disputes by early
and full disclosure of relevant documents” (see _Kuah Kok Kim_ at [40]).
However, in the event that the plaintiff is already in a position to commence
proceedings, he must not be allowed to take advantage of the rules to jump-
start the ordinary process of discovery of evidence in order to gain a
tactical advantage, harass his opponent, or to ‘snoop for action’. To allow
that would be to subvert the regime for discovery of evidence put in place by
the Rules of Court.

The decision

14 In the light of the principles elucidated above, it became immediately
apparent that the plaintiff’s application for pre-action discovery of the
voice-logs was without justification. Unlike the pledgor in _Beckkett_ , the
plaintiff was not in a position in which she required the voice-logs in order
to determine if she had a claim against the defendant. The dispute here
centred on what took place during the conversations between the plaintiff and
the defendant’s representatives. Both parties did not dispute that the
conversations took place. The gravamen of the plaintiff’s complaint was simply
that the defendant’s representatives had failed to properly advise her before
exercising the currency options. The defendant argued that it did. Based on
the contract between the parties and the plaintiff’s own personal knowledge of
what transpired during those conversations, the plaintiff was more than able
to plead her case for breach of contract and/or the tort of negligence; more
so when the plaintiff also had in her possession the relevant bank statements
provided by the defendant evidencing the CPCI transactions.

15 Like the plaintiff banks in _Asia Pacific Breweries_ , the plaintiff was
trying to bolster her contemplated claim(s). By her own admission in her
skeletal submissions, she sought pre-action discovery of the voice-logs in
order to evaluate whether the defendant had discharged its duty of care in
contract and tort. She was seeking pre-action discovery of the voice-logs in
order to determine whether she had a “good cause of action” as opposed to “a
cause of action”. As explained above, that plainly is not the purpose of O 24
r 6(1). The proper course of action was for the plaintiff to commence
proceedings and avail herself of the ordinary processes of general and
specific discovery under O24 r 1 and r 5 respectively. Since the defendant was
asserting positively that it did discharge its duty of care towards the
plaintiff, the likelihood is that it must necessarily produce the voice-logs.
That however was ultimately a matter for post-action and not pre-action
discovery.

Is there anything in the SCPB General Terms and/or the Banking Act that would
otherwise entitle the plaintiff to pre-action discovery?

16 For completeness, it ought to be pointed out that the plaintiff also sought
to rely on cl 9.1 of the SCPB General Terms read with s 47 of the Banking Act
(Cap 19, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Banking Act”). In so far as the plaintiff was
arguing that the cl 9.1 and/or s 47 of the Banking Act entitled her to pre-
action discovery, despite her failure to meet the test of necessity under O 24
r 6(1), my view was that this argument was wholly misguided and without merit.

17 Clause 9.1 of the SCPB General Terms reads:

**Telephone Recordings:** The Client consents to the Bank recording or
memorialising telephone and oral conversations with the Client by audio
recording devices...and the Client agrees that any such notes and records of
the Bank will constitute conclusive evidence as against the Client of the fact
and content of the instructions and verbal communications, and the Client
consents to the production of such written, audio or electronic recordings
(and transcripts of such recordings) as evidence in any legal or other
proceedings...

It is evident from a plain reading of the clause that it is of no assistance
to the plaintiff, as it only states that the defendant can use such recordings
as evidence in proceedings. In the light of this, the plaintiff sought to
further rely on s 47 (read with the Third Schedule) of the Banking Act to
argue that it obliges the court to grant pre-action discovery even when it
would otherwise be disallowed.

18 Section 47 of the Banking Act was enacted to stipulate a wider set of
circumstances under which banks can disclose customer information, and the
terms of such disclosure. The stated object of the change was to strike a
better balance between operational requirements of banks and the need to
preserve customer confidentiality. In other words, the enactment of s 47
sought to loosen the hitherto tight banking secrecy laws in order to benefit
banks seeking to take advantage of potential operational benefits and savings
by for example, securitising mortgage loans or outsourcing data processing to
third parties (see the Second Reading of the Banking (Amendment) Bill,
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ (16 May 2001) vol 73 at col 1689). There was
nothing here to suggest that s 47 of the Banking Act even remotely supported
the plaintiff’s submission that it buttressed her claim for pre-action
discovery.

19 As explained above, the Rules of Court is the port of call for a party
seeking either pre-action or post-action discovery. In the event that a party
fails to meet the requirements for the granting of pre-action discovery, s 47
of the Banking Act can provide no relief. The plaintiff’s attempt to rely on
cl 9.1 and s 47 of the Banking Act was therefore an exercise in futility.

Conclusion

20 In the final analysis, I saw no basis to allow the plaintiff’s application
for pre-action discovery. I therefore dismissed the Appeal and fixed costs at
$4,500 on an indemnity basis to the defendant in accordance with its
contractual entitlement from the plaintiff.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

