Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AYM _v_ AYL  
[2012] SGCA 68

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 21 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Engelin Teh SC, Joyce Fernando, Linda Ong and Lee Leann
(Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the appellant; Kee Lay Lian and Nigel Pereira
(Rajah and Tann LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  AYM — AYL  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 64.]

23 November 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal by the Husband against the decision of the High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) in _AYL v AYM_ [2012] SGHC 64 (“the GD”) dismissing his
appeal against the decision of the District Court. The District Court had
dismissed his application to vary a consent order entered into between the
parties _vis-à-vis_ ancillary matters on the divorce of the two parties. The
Husband had sought to rely on business failure to vary the consent order to a
more favourable division of the matrimonial asset (a piece of landed property)
(“the Property”) and for a lump sum maintenance for the Wife to be paid out of
her share and for the monthly payments to accordingly cease. The Judge refused
the variation of the consent order as far as the division of the Property was
concerned, but ordered a lump sum maintenance of $750,000 to be paid to the
Wife out of the Husband’s share of the sale proceeds. We dismissed the appeal
with regard to the former issue and allowed it with regard to the latter
issue. We now set out the detailed grounds of our decision.

The factual background

2 This case concerned a consent order entered into between the parties in
respect of ancillary matters arising out of divorce proceedings. The parties
were married for 23 years. A writ for divorce was filed on the ground of
irretrievable breakdown, relying on the fact of at least four years’
separation, and interim judgment was granted on 13 July 2010. At the time
leading to the interim judgment, discussions took place between the parties
with a view to reaching an agreement on the ancillary matters which arose out
of the divorce. By 13 July 2010, the parties reached an agreement in relation
to ancillary matters relating to custody and care and control of the children,
division of assets, and the maintenance of the Wife and children. The terms of
the agreement were recorded in the interim judgment as a consent order and the
interim judgment was made final on 13 October 2010. The consent order
provided, _inter alia_ , that the Husband was to pay $2,670 per month per
child as maintenance for each of the three children, the children’s school
fees, $3,990 per month as maintenance for the Wife, and that the Property be
sold within six years and for the proceeds to be divided in the proportions of
80% to the Wife and 20% to the Husband if the sale price was equal to or less
than $2.5m or 70% to the Wife and 30% to the Husband should the sale price be
more than $2.5m. The result of the consent order was that the Husband was
paying $19,000 a month for the maintenance of the Wife and the children.

3 According to the Husband, in November 2010, his financial situation changed
– his business, which was during the period leading up to the making of the
consent order only just starting, saw its investors withdraw and that led to
its failure, the eventual result of which was that he no longer received any
income. He claimed to have tried to find a new job but was unable to and this
was so even up until the appeal was heard before us. On 14 June 2011, the
Husband, relying on these changes in his circumstances, applied to the
District Court to vary the terms of the consent order pursuant to ss 112(4)
and 118 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). By this
point in time, the value of the Property had risen from $2.5m to an estimated
$5.5m. The Husband sought, _inter alia_ , to have the Property sold within
three months and for the order as to the division of the matrimonial assets to
be varied to an equal division, with a $750,000 lump sum payment for the
Wife’s maintenance to be paid out of her 50% share. The District Judge ordered
a variation to the extent that the Property was to be sold within six months,
but refused to vary the terms of either the division of the matrimonial assets
or the maintenance payments for the Wife.

Decision of the High Court

4 On appeal to the High Court on 23 March 2012, the Judge upheld the District
Court’s decision not to vary the terms of the division of the matrimonial
assets pursuant to s 112(4) of the Act (“s 112(4)”). The Judge reasoned that
it did not follow as of course from business failure that the court would
allow a variation. The Judge emphasised that “[a] consent order is a contract
endorsed with the approval of the court” and that “[i]t is not an order to be
lightly varied or set aside” (see the GD at [6]). It was also observed that
“[w]hen a contract has been made or a consent order has been recorded the
parties must part with a mind at peace that the matter is at an end” and that
“[t]hey should not go on living with the anxiety of a return to court when the
asset value changes” (see the GD at [6]). The Judge then proceeded to order
that a lump sum maintenance of $750,000 be paid to the Wife from the Husband’s
share of the proceeds of sale of the Property, on the basis that the parties
had agreed to this $750,000 lump sum maintenance (see the GD at [4]).

5 The Property was sold on 8 June 2012 for $5.1m.

The issues on appeal

6 The two issues which arose before this court were as follows:

(a) Whether the Judge was correct in refusing to, pursuant to s 112(4), vary
the terms of division of the matrimonial assets in the consent order despite
the alleged change in circumstances of the Husband (“Issue 1”).

(b) Whether the Judge was correct in ordering a lump sum maintenance of
$750,000 be paid to the Wife out of the Husband’s share of the sale proceeds
of the Property (“Issue 2”).

The parties’ respective arguments on appeal

7 Counsel for the Husband, Ms Engelin Teh SC (“Ms Teh”), argued that, under s
112(4), a “material change in the circumstances” after an order with regard to
the division of matrimonial assets was made constitutes sufficient grounds for
varying the order. Ms Teh relied on the Singapore High Court decision of
_Nalini d/o Ramachandran v Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan_ [2010] SGHC 98 (“
_Nalini_ ”), where the learned judge expressed (at [14]) the view that a
“material change in the circumstances” was sufficient for the court to invoke
s 112(4). The learned judge there came to that view because he thought s
112(4) was more broadly framed than ss 118 and 119 (which apply to the
variation of orders and agreements for the maintenance of an ex-wife,
respectively), and therefore s 112(4) must encompass a “material change in the
circumstances” as a sufficient ground, such ground being expressly specified
in ss 118 and 119. Ms Teh thus argued that the Husband’s business failure and
loss of income constituted such “material change in the circumstances” to
warrant the variation of the consent order with regard to the terms of the
division of the Property. She further relied on the decision of this court in
_Tan Sue-Ann Melissa v Lim Siang Bok Dennis_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 376 where it was
held that, where a consent order as to maintenance was entered into on a
certain mutual assumption shared by the parties, the failure of that
assumption constitutes a material change in the circumstances sufficient to
warrant its variation. She thus argued that, in the present case, there was a
mutual assumption between the parties at the time of the making of the consent
order that the Husband’s business would take off and it having failed, the
consent order could be varied.

8 In response, counsel for the Wife, Ms Kee Lay Lian (“Ms Kee”), submitted
that the test applicable for the variation of an order in respect of the
division of matrimonial assets is not a “material change in the circumstances”
but instead one of “unworkability”. She further relied on the proposition that
a consent order is a contract to be upheld and should not be varied save in
exceptional circumstances. She also argued that even if a “material change in
the circumstances” was a sufficient ground, the Husband had not satisfied it
as it was self-induced and he had not sufficiently proved it. Lastly, Ms Kee
denied the existence of any mutual assumption as asserted by Ms Teh.

Our decision

Issue 1

9 The division of the pool of matrimonial assets between the parties is
governed by s 112 of the Act (“s 112”), which reads as follows:

**Power** **of** **court** **to** **order** **division** **of**
**matrimonial** **assets**

**112** – (1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the
grant of a judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to
order the division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of
any such asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the
sale of any such asset in such proportions as the court thinks just and
equitable.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(_a_) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(_b_) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(_c_) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(_d_) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(_e_) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(_f_) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(_g_) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(_h_) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

(3) The court may make all such other orders and give such directions as may
be necessary or expedient to give effect to any order made under this section.

(_4_) _The court may_ ,**_at any time it thinks fit_** ,_extend_ ,**_vary_**
,_revoke or discharge_** _any order made under this section_** ,_and may vary
any term or condition upon or subject to which any such order has been made._

(5) In particular, but without limiting the generality of subsections (3) and
(4), the court may make any one or more of the following orders:

(_a_) an order for the sale of any matrimonial asset or any part thereof, and
for the division, vesting or settlement of the proceeds;

(_b_) an order vesting any matrimonial asset owned by both parties jointly in
both the parties in common in such shares as the court considers just and
equitable;

(_c_) an order vesting any matrimonial asset or any part thereof in either
party;

(_d_) an order for any matrimonial asset, or the sale proceeds thereof, to be
vested in any person (including either party) to be held on trust for such
period and on such terms as may be specified in the order;

(_e_) an order postponing the sale or vesting of any share in any matrimonial
asset, or any part of such share, until such future date or until the
occurrence of such future event or until the fulfilment of such condition as
may be specified in the order;

(_f_) an order granting to either party, for such period and on such terms as
the court thinks fit, the right personally to occupy the matrimonial home to
the exclusion of the other party; and

(_g_) an order for the payment of a sum of money by one party to the other
party.

(6) Where under any order made under this section one party is or may become
liable to pay to the other party a sum of money, the court may direct that it
shall be paid either in one sum or in instalments, and either with or without
security, and otherwise in such manner and subject to such conditions
(including a condition requiring the payment of interest) as the court thinks
fit.

(7) Where, pursuant to this section, the court makes an order for the sale of
any matrimonial asset and for the division, application or settlement of the
proceeds, the court may appoint a person to sell the asset and divide, apply
or settle the proceeds accordingly; and the execution of any instrument by the
person so appointed shall have the same force and validity as if it had been
executed by the person in whom the asset is vested.

(8) Any order under this section may be made upon such terms and subject to
such conditions (if any) as the court thinks fit.

(9) Where the court, by any order under this section, appoints a person
(including the Registrar or other officer of the court) to act as a trustee or
to sell any matrimonial asset and to divide, apply and settle the proceeds
thereof, the court may make provision in that order for the payment of
remuneration to that person and for the reimbursement of his costs and
expenses.

(10) In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

(_a_) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties to
the marriage —

(i) ordinarily used or enjoyed by both parties or one or more of their
children while the parties are residing together for shelter or transportation
or for household, education, recreational, social or aesthetic purposes; or

(ii) which has been substantially improved during the marriage by the other
party or by both parties to the marriage; and

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

10 The focus in this appeal is on s 112(4), which has been italicised in s 112
in the preceding paragraph (for the less than clear background, including the
relevant case law, prior to the enactment of this particular provision, see
Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007) (“
_Leong_ ”) at p 585).

11 The language of s 112(4) appears, on its face, to be very broad. However,
it must, in our view, be interpreted having regard to its legal context,
factual application as well as commonsense generally. What is clear, in our
view, is that this provision does not furnish the court concerned with a
_carte blanche_ to, _inter alia_ , vary an order it has made. Indeed, a
threshold question that arises is the ambit within which s 112(4) ought to
operate. In a related vein, regardless of the scope within which, _inter alia_
, variation by the court can be effected, there must nevertheless be
exceptional reasons before such variation can be effected. Before proceeding
to consider this important issue, it is important, as already mentioned, to
note the context in which s 112(4) operates.

12 This sub-section operates within the context of _the division of
matrimonial assets_. Such division is not, colloquially put, “a moving target”
(unlike, for example, the issue of maintenance). In other words, there must be
some _finality_ once the matrimonial assets have been divided between the
parties (assuming either that neither of the parties has filed an appeal or,
if an appeal has been filed, the final appellate tribunal has rendered its
decision). This is only logical as well as commonsensical. After all, a
division effected pursuant to s 112 is, _ex hypothesi_ , premised on the fact
that the parties would each go their own separate ways and want to have
nothing more to do with each other thereafter. Hence, to allow the court to
re-open the distribution already made is to undermine the very finality which
is one of the _raisons d’être_ of s 112 itself. Indeed, it is not
insignificant to note that in her paper to the Select Committee, Prof Leong
Wai Kum (“Prof Leong”) was of the view that s 112(4) ought to be _deleted_
altogether for reasons which were, in the main, very similar to those just
mentioned; as she put it (see _Report of the Select Committee on the Women’s
Charter (Amendment) Bill (Bill No 5/96)_ (Parl 3 of 1996, 15 August 1996) (“
_Report of the Select Committee_ ”) at p B28):

The proposed subsection (4) allows an order made to be changed “at any time”.
This is _inappropriate_.

(i)An order for division of matrimonial assets **_is a “one-off” order in
contrast with_** _a maintenance order which is usually of a continuing
nature._**_A “one-off” order can only be changed before it has been executed.
Once executed there is nothing to “extend, vary, revoke or discharge” any
longer. Before execution, the parties have their usual right of appeal. It is
unnecessary to provide additionally._**

(ii) _To so provide may come to discourage compliance of the order by the
parties with all due haste. This will also be undesirable. The parties are
divorced. They should comply with the orders made and get on with their
separate lives._ **_I suggest subsection (4) be deleted._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

13 We note that, in its paper, the Singapore Association of Women Lawyers
advocated a somewhat less drastic modification (which was not adopted by the
Select Committee), as follows (see the _Report of the Select Committee_ at p
B46):

In relation to the proposed section 106 (4) [the current s 112(4)], we
recommend that the court’s power to vary the order on division of matrimonial
assets be _limited to two years after the date of the divorce. While it is
useful that the court has the power to vary the order in appropriate
circumstances_ ,_there should be certainty and finality to litigation._
[emphasis added]

14 The Council of the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”) also
expressed the datum concern with the need for finality _vis-à-vis_ the
division of matrimonial assets but nevertheless suggested alternative wording
which would confer upon the court some flexibility. This suggestion was not,
it should be noted, adopted when the equivalent of s 112(4) was ultimately
enacted. In this regard, the suggestion by the Law Society was as follows (see
the _Report of the Select Committee_ at pp B72–B73):

**D. Matrimonial** **assets:** **Clause 19** **of** **the** **Bill**

1.Clause 19 of the Bill propose[s] to substitute a new section 106 (“the new
section”) [the present s 112] for the present section 106 (“the present
section”). The objective is to widen the courts’ powers to give it the
flexibility to effect a more just and equitable division of matrimonial assets
after taking into consideration all the circumstances of the case.

As such, many significant changes to the power of the court to order a
division of matrimonial asset will be introduced if the new section is
enacted.

2.One significant change is that the court shall have power **_subsequent_**
to the grant of a decree of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of
marriage, to order a division of matrimonial assets. While the present section
allows the court to defer the exercise of the court’s power to a later date,
it does not give the court the power to divide matrimonial assets if
matrimonial proceedings have been finally completed without the court’s power
under section 106 being invoked or exercised, eg if the parties themselves do
not ask the court to exercise its powers.

3. **_This change is connected to a second significant change, namely the proposed section 106 (4) where it is proposed to give the court the power to extend, vary, revoke or discharge any order made under the section, and may vary any term or condition upon or subject to which any such order has been made._**

4. **_These two proposed changes are significant because they depart substantially from the policy of the present section which is to give finality to the issue of the division of matrimonial assets unless the court has expressly deferred the exercise of the power and, it should follow logically, where the court has made orders which are not intended to establish a fixed state of affairs. An example is where the court orders that the matrimonial home not be sold until all the children reach the age of 21 years and/or the issue of the division of the matrimonial home only be decided when all the children are of that age. In such a case, if both parties feel that the matrimonial home should be sold earlier, there is no reason why the court cannot so order._**

5.The present policy is desirable because in relation to assets, the parties
should be entitled to re-order their affairs in accordance with what the court
has ordered or not ordered. **_It is respectfully submitted that it is
undesirable to reopen the issue of how the assets were previously divided (or
not divided, if the court did not previously avail itself of the power) years
after the matrimonial proceedings have been concluded._**

6 **_Of course, the courts are likely to be aware of the desirability of not
upsetting the reasonable expectations of the parties that there should be
finality. It may be that the proposed change to give the court power
subsequent to the close of matrimonial proceedings to order a division of
matrimonial assets (where it did not do so previously) is only intended to be
exercised in exceptional circumstances, eg where one party has materially
misrepresented his or her net worth leading the other party not to rely on
section 106. Similarly, the power to extend, vary, revoke or discharge any
order already made might be intended to be exercised only in exceptional
circumstances, eg in cases of material non-disclosures leading to consent
orders._**

7. **_The courts are likely to be sensitive to these considerations but perhaps the proposed legislation should make this more explicit by amending the proposed sections 106 (1) and (4) in the following manner_** :

_“(1_) _The court shall have power_ ,_when granting_ __or, where the
circumstances render it just__ ,_subsequent to the grant of a decree of
divorce_ ,_judicial separation or nullity or marriage_ ,_to order the division
between the parties of any matrimonial asset…_ ”

“(4) _The court may_ ,__where there are such circumstances as may render it
just and equitable__ ,_extend revoke or discharge any order made under this
section…_ ”

[emphasis in italics and underlined italics in original; emphasis added in
bold italics]

15 Notwithstanding the persuasive arguments by Prof Leong referred to above
(at [12]), s 112(4) was enacted – probably with the view that there is a need
to mediate the perennial (as well as universal) tension between certainty
(including finality) on the one hand and flexibility (and justice) on the
other, with the consequent need to accord (_via_ s 112(4) itself) the court
some legal leeway in, _inter alia_ , varying an order already made in order to
ensure that the former does not completely overwhelm the latter. However, the
latter must surely be the exception and ought not to be permitted to
“colonise” the former, lest the exception become the rule and uncertainty
become the key motif instead. Put simply, s 112(4) must have _a limited
operation only_. This would, in our view, be, _a fortiori_ , the case when the
order of court made pursuant to s 112 is _itself_ premised upon _a consent
order entered into between the parties themselves_ (_cf_ also _Leong_ ,
especially at p 585). Indeed (and in this last mentioned regard), in addition
to the desideratum of finality embodied within s 112 itself, there is a _yet
further_ policy objective which ought to be given effect to (as far as is
possible) by the court – _freedom of contract and the (related) concept of
sanctity of contract_. We do note, however, that, in the uniquely
_matrimonial_ context, the ideas of freedom as well as sanctity of contract
cannot be taken too far (_cf_ , for example, in the context of pre-nuptial
agreements, the decision of this court in _TQ v TR and another appeal_ [2009]
2 SLR(R) 961). Indeed, even in the _commercial_ sphere, the courts recognise
that specific _vitiating factors_ (such as misrepresentation, mistake, duress,
undue influence, unconscionability as well as illegality and public policy)
may operate to unravel an otherwise binding contract or agreement entered into
between the parties concerned. For present purposes, however, it will suffice
to note that, in _addition to_ the vitiating factors just briefly alluded to,
there is some local as well as English case law which considers the
circumstances under which courts may be justified in varying orders already
made in relation to consent orders between the parties concerned (see the
decision of this court in _AOO v AON_ [2011] 4 SLR 1169 (“ _AOO_ ”) at
[13]–[22]). Of course, as explained by this court in _AOO_ (at [14]), the
legal effect of a consent order in the _matrimonial_ context is not derived
from the agreement made between the parties, but, instead, from the court
order itself. It was thus suggested by the Singapore High Court in _Lee Hong
Choon v Ng Cheo Hwee_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 92 (at [32] and [35]) that consent
orders ought to be treated and dealt with as far as possible in the same way
as non-consensual orders. As those issues are not before us in this appeal, we
will say no more about the precise application (if at all) of each of the
vitiating factors to consent orders made in the matrimonial context. For the
purposes of the present appeal, however, it is important to note that s 112(4)
applies, _regardless of_ whether or not the order for division of matrimonial
assets pursuant to s 112 has its source in a consent order between the
parties.

16 Unfortunately, there appears to be no substantive legislative background
which would aid us in construing the true ambit and purpose of s 112(4). All
we know is that the Singapore legislature did not accept any of the
suggestions proffered to the Select Committee (see generally above at
[12]–[14]). The _Explanatory Statement_ to the Women’s Charter (Amendment)
Bill (Bill No 5/96) is silent in so far as s 112(4) is concerned, as are the
relevant parliamentary debates (see the Second Reading of the Women’s Charter
(Amendment) Bill in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , vol 66, especially at
col 68 (2 May 1996)). Additionally, one commentator has observed that s 112(4)
“is entirely new” (see Chan Wing Cheong, “Latest Improvements to the Women’s
Charter” [1996] SJLS 553 (“ _Chan_ ”) at p 581).

17 The leading decision which considers the general operation of s 112(4)
(also in the context of a consent order) is _Nalini_ (affirmed by this court
in _Saseedaran Nair s/o Krishnan (now known as K Saseedaran Nair) v Nalini d/o
K N Ramachandran_ [2012] 2 SLR 365 (“ _Nalini (CA)_ ”), but without
consideration of this particular point). In _Nalini_ , it was observed thus
(at [13]–[14]):

13 Both parties accepted that s 112(4) leaves the court with the discretion to
vary the consent order and the court may vary the terms of a consent order _in
the event that there was material change in circumstances. In my view_ ,_this
is correct. It is true that an order of division is usually a one-off order
and_ ,_subject to appeal_ ,_is not of a continuing nature as to permit
variation_ (Leong Wai Kum, _Principles of Family Law in Singapore_ ,
Butterworths Asia 1997 Ed at page 910; cited in _Lee Kok Yong v Lee Guek Hua
(alias Li Yuehua)_ [2007] SGHC 26 at [16]). _However_ ,_this does not mean
that the court cannot vary an order where it is appropriate to do so_ ,_as is
the case here where the Property has not been sold or otherwise dealt with
yet._ In a District Court decision, _CT v CU_ [2004] SGDC 164, the District
Judge held that parties would be able to apply to the court for a variation of
a court order under s 112(4) of the Charter _at least in those situations
where the court order was unworkable or did not provide for a particular
situation or contingency which had subsequently arisen. I agree._

14 _A consent order for division of matrimonial assets should not be as easily
revised as an order made without incorporating the spouses’ prior agreement_
(see Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_ , LexisNexis 2007 Ed
at p 585; see also _Lee Min Jai v Chua Cheow Koon_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 548 (which
dealt with the setting aside of a consent order relating to matrimonial assets
(“ _Lee Min Jai_ ”) at [5]). From the wording of s 112(4), the court retains
the power to interfere on just and equitable grounds (_Lee Min Jai_ at [6]).
_I also observe that_ ,_as a matter of comparison_ ,_while s 119 of the
Charter provides that the court may vary agreements for maintenance where
there has been a material change in the circumstances_ ,_the court is not so
limited under s 112(4). Likewise_ ,_s 118 of the Charter provides specific
situations in which the court has the power to vary orders for maintenance at
any time_ ,_one of which is where there has been material change in the
circumstances. The circumstances giving rise to the court’s decision to vary
an order under section 112(4)_ ,_being a more broadly framed provision_
,_could therefore include a situation as envisaged by s 118 or s 119_ ,_i.e.
where there has been material change in the circumstances after the order was
made._

[emphasis added]

18 The learned judge proceeded to outline the parties’ respective arguments as
follows (at [15]–[16]):

15 The Wife contended that there was no material change in the circumstances.
This was because even though the Husband was certified to be legally blind
subsequently, he had already been suffering acute vision loss prior to the
making of the consent order. Furthermore, given the Husband’s condition, it
was only a matter of time before an application was made to the CPF Board for
a payout to discharge the outstanding mortgage loan under the HPIS. Based on
the terms of the Husband’s HPIS policy, the mortgage would be fully discharged
as a result. Therefore, his visual impairment and its consequential impact had
already been taken into consideration when entering the consent order and was
not a development occurring after the consent order.

16 The Husband contended that the material change in circumstances arose from
three events, namely (a) his blindness; (b) the consequent HPIS payout; and
(c) the total discharge of the outstanding mortgage loan. He explained that he
depended on the rental proceeds from the Property to pay for his expenses as
he was unable to work due to his blindness. He submitted that at the time the
consent order was entered, he was not yet considered to be ‘legally blind’ and
neither he nor the Wife envisaged that he would be entitled to a claim under
the HPIS and that the CPF Board would approve full payout of the assured sum
under the HPIS.

He then proceeded to arrive at his decision thus (at [17]):

I agreed with the District Judge’s decision to vary the consent order and was
satisfied that there was material change in the circumstances after the
consent order was made. Although the Husband had experienced visual loss prior
to the consent order, it was uncertain at that time that there would be a
payout by the CPF Board under the HPIS. A variation of the consent order to
allow the Husband to purchase the Wife’s share in the Property would not
prejudice the interest of the Wife, given that she still retains the benefit
of 60% of the value of the Property. This was unlike a case where a variation
may affect the proportionate division of assets.

Although this court did not, as alluded to above, expressly consider s 112(4)
itself, it did affirm this decision (see generally _Nalini (CA)_).

19 It should also be noted that the above approach by the court in _Nalini_
was referred to in the (also) Singapore High Court decision of _Teh Siew Hua v
Tan Kim Chiong_ [2010] 4 SLR 123 (“ _Teh Siew Hua_ ”) (at [10]). Whilst _Teh
Siew Hua_ did emphasise (at [11]) the words “at any time” in s 112(4), this
was (as the learned judge himself emphasised in the very paragraph referred
to) in the more specific context of whether or not time-bars under ss 6(3) and
9(1) of the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) or the equitable defences of
acquiescence or laches applied.

20 The following observation in the (also) Singapore High Court decision of
_Lee Min Jai v Chua Cheow Koon_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 548 (at [5]) in the context of
a consent order may also be noted:

But [s 112(4)]… should not be construed as an invitation to revise the terms
of a settlement merely so that they appear more equitable or will be, in fact,
more equitable in the objective opinion of the court.

21 What, then, should be the scope of s 112(4)? Given the focal importance of
this particular provision in the context of the present appeal, it is set out
again as follows:

The court may, _at any time it thinks fit_ , extend, _vary_ , revoke, or
discharge _any order made under this section_ , _and_ may vary any term or
condition upon or subject to which any such order has been made. [emphasis
added]

22 In our view, although the language utilised in s 112(4) appears very broad
(see, in particular, the phrase “at any time it thinks fit”), we reiterate the
point made above (at [15]) that this provision must _have a limited operation
only._ In this regard, notwithstanding (and perhaps even because of) the
dearth of legislative background, the _context_ in which s 112(4) has been
enacted is of the first importance. In particular, a close analysis of s 112
as a whole leads us to the conclusion that s 112(4) was _not_ intended to
confer upon the court a jurisdiction writ large. Indeed, it was, in our view,
intended to confer upon the court a _limited_ flexibility to adjust, so to
speak, an order for the division of matrimonial assets already made. Looked at
in this light, it is our view that there ought to be _an outer limit_ to the
jurisdiction conferred under s 112(4): _In particular_ ,_once the order of
court with respect to the division of matrimonial assets has been completely
implemented or spent inasmuch as everything that is required to be done has
been effected and the assets concerned have in fact been distributed to the
parties concerned_ ,_the court does not have the power to revisit or reopen
the order._ In this regard, although we have noted the _ostensibly_ wide
import of the phrase “at any time it thinks fit” in s 112(4) itself, the ambit
of this phrase is _qualified by the phrase “any order made under this
section”_. Put simply, the phrase “at any time it thinks fit” _itself_ has _a
timeframe_ , _inasmuch as the court can_ , inter alia,_vary an order for the
division of matrimonial assets only in so far as the “order made” has not been
implemented (and_ ,_therefore_ ,_is not spent)._ In our view, it could not
have been the intention of the Singapore legislature to permit the court to
interfere beyond this particular point. Indeed, s 112(4) appears to us to have
been included to give, _inter alia_ , _administrative_ flexibility to the
court so long as the order it has made has not been completely effected or
implemented. To interpret s 112(4) in any broader fashion would be (as already
observed above at [15]) to undermine the very finality which is one of the
_raisons d’être_ of s 112 itself. Indeed, we must assume that the various
suggestions proffered to the Select Committee (see generally above at
[12]–[14]) were in fact considered by the Committee, who nevertheless included
s 112(4) in its final proposal to the Singapore legislature. Given the
seriousness of the suggestions because of the perceived seriousness of the
effect a wide interpretation of s 112(4) could have, we cannot imagine that
the Select Committee would not have explained its decision to nevertheless
include s 112(4) if it had thought that it would indeed have had such a
serious effect. Indeed, as we have noted above (at [12]), Prof Leong thought
the effect of s 112(4) so serious that she suggested deletion of that
provision altogether.

23 However, even assuming that the order for the division of matrimonial
assets made by the court has not been completely effected or implemented,
there still remains the issue as to the _grounds_ on which the court would
vary an order already made. In our view, the fundamental importance of
finality in the context of the division of matrimonial assets would also apply
here. To this end, we are of the view that the court would make, _inter alia_
, the necessary variations to an order for the division of matrimonial assets
_only_ where the order was _unworkable_ or _has become unworkable_ (_but
before_ it has been fully effected or implemented). We would however, point
out, parenthetically, that the courts would not look favourably upon frivolous
applications that would constitute an abuse of the process of court, which
applications would be subject, _inter alia_ , to the appropriate costs orders.

24 At this juncture, we note that the decisions in _Nalini_ and _Nalini (CA)_
are wholly consistent with the approach just enunciated. Indeed, it is
significant, in this regard, to observe that the learned judge in _Nalini_
noted (at [13]) that the property concerned “[had] _not been sold or otherwise
dealt with yet_ ” [emphasis added]. In other words, the order of court had
_not_ yet been fully implemented or spent. As importantly, _the specific
illustrations_ referred to by the learned judge in _Nalini_ (in agreement with
the Singapore District Court decision in _CT v CU_ [2004] SGDC 164 (“ _CT_ ”))
are instructive inasmuch as he noted that “the District Judge [in _CT_] held
that parties would be able to apply to the court for a variation of a court
order under s 112(4) of the Charter _at least in those situations where the
court order was unworkable or did not provide for a particular situation or
contingency which had subsequently arisen_ ” [emphasis added] (see also _Teh
Siew Hua_ (at [10] and [49]))_._ In this regard, the invocation of s 112(4) is
justified where a court order _is unworkable to begin with_ , _or has become
unworkable_ as a result of new circumstances which have arisen.

25 We deal first with the situation where a court order has become unworkable
as a result of new circumstances which have arisen. Where an order becomes
unworkable in the literal sense of the word, _ie_ , that it is a matter of
practical impossibility to even implement it, it is fair and reasonable that
the court is empowered under s 112(4) to make, _inter alia_ , the necessary
variations. In our view, however, “unworkability” in this context cannot be
confined to its literal meaning, and there will be (albeit extremely limited)
circumstances in which unworkability, understood in a substantive as well as
purposive sense, will justify, _inter alia_ , a variation of the order
concerned by the court. Indeed, in _CT_ , the variation to the order concerned
was necessary and practical, given the delay in the sale of the matrimonial
flat and the fact that, in the meantime, the value of that property had become
so low that the sale proceeds would almost certainly not have been sufficient
to pay off the outstanding housing loan, to refund both parties’ Central
Provident Fund accounts in full, as well as to pay the costs and expenses of
the sale. As the original consent order did not provide for this contingency,
a variation (as requested by the husband) was necessary, even though the order
was not, literally speaking, unworkable and impossible to implement. We are of
the view that where new circumstances have emerged since the order was made
which _so radically change_ the situation so that to implement the order as
originally made would be to implement something which is radically different
from what was originally intended, this would amount to unworkability, and the
court would make, _inter alia_ , the necessary variations to deal with such
unworkability.

26 The House of Lords decision of _Barder v Caluori_ [1988] 1 AC 20 (“
_Barder_ ”) provides a useful illustration of the requisite level of radical
change in circumstances which can amount to unworkability justifying the
court’s intervention pursuant to s 112(4). In _Barder_ , the husband and wife
in divorce proceedings came to an agreement on the terms of a consent order
for ancillary relief under the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 (c 18) (UK) and
this was approved and recorded by a registrar of the court. In full and final
settlement of all claims capable of being made against each other, the consent
order provided, _inter alia_ , that the husband was to transfer his interest
in a house (which the wife and children had continued to live in after he had
left them) to the wife. Just little over one month later, the most tragic of
circumstances occurred – the wife unlawfully killed the two children and then
committed suicide. At the time of the deaths, the consent order recorded by
the registrar remained executory. The husband applied for the order to be set
aside on the grounds (at 30) that “[t]he basis upon which the order was made
has been fundamentally and unforeseeably altered by the circumstances of the
death of the [wife] and of the two children”. The House of Lords allowed the
consent order to be set aside, and Lord Brandon of Oakbrook in delivering the
leading speech explained their decision thus (at 40):

The assumption was that for an indefinite period, to be measured in years
rather than months or weeks, the wife and the two children of the family would
require a suitable home in which to reside. That assumption was totally
invalidated by the deaths of the children and the wife within five weeks of
the order being made.

We would only emphasise – in no uncertain terms – that the possible instances
under which a subsequent change in the circumstances can be considered radical
enough to constitute unworkability must be very rare and very extreme, because
as we have explained (see above at [15]), the nature of an order for the
division of matrimonial assets demands that finality and certainty are of
paramount importance.

27 Another instance (and a much less tragic one) of a radical change in
circumstances amounting to unworkability may arise after the court makes an
order under s 112 which is of a continuing nature. Section 112(3) of the Act
empowers the court to “make all such other orders and give such directions as
may be necessary or expedient to give effect to any order made under [s 112]”,
and it is conceivable that some of these orders or directions are of a
continuing nature and may not be as quickly spent as an order for the sale of
certain property and the distribution of the proceeds thereof. That such
continuing orders are capable of, _inter alia_ , variation is not inconsistent
with our view that s 112(4) may be invoked only where the order in question
has not been fully effected and implemented and thus spent. As an example, s
112(5)(_e_) of the Act empowers the court to postpone the sale of a property
“until such future date or until the occurrence of such future event…”. In
this regard, a court may, for instance, in the interest of the needs of a
child of the marriage of having a place to live in, order that a property not
be sold until the passing of a certain number of years. If, however, the child
moves out of the property before the said period has elapsed and no longer
requires it as a place to live in, it may be expedient for the court to invoke
s 112(4) to, _inter alia_ , vary the order to permit the property to be sold
forthwith. Where, in other words, there has been a change in circumstances
_invalidating the very basis on which the court made a continuing order_ , we
are of the view that this amounts to a radical change in circumstances
amounting to unworkability, and the court will be empowered to make the
necessary variation (or indeed, extension, revocation or discharge) under s
112(4) to deal with such a change.

28 However, the learned judge’s observation in _Nalini_ (at [13]) to the
effect that the court can invoke its power pursuant to s 112(4) in situations
where the court order “did not provide for a particular situation or
contingency which had subsequently arisen” cannot, with respect, justify the
invocation of such power by the court – at least _in and of itself_ ; as we
have emphasised above, such a subsequent event must so radically change the
situation, such that to implement the order as originally made would be to
implement something which is radically different from what was originally
intended, in order for it to be considered as having become unworkable. On a
related note, we should also add that, in light of (and consistently with) the
analysis just set out, the learned judge’s view in _Nalini_ (at [14]) to the
effect that a “material change in the circumstances” (which is the statutory
ground for the variation of an order to pay maintenance) would suffice to
trigger, _inter alia_ , a variation pursuant to s 112(4) sets, with respect,
too low a threshold. Whilst it is true that a radical change in circumstances
sufficient to cause an order to become unworkable would necessarily entail a
“material change in the circumstances”, the converse does not necessarily
follow.

29 We now deal with the situation where the court order is unworkable _ab
initio_. As we have stated above (at [23]), s 112(4) may also be justifiably
invoked to, _inter alia_ , vary an order for the division of matrimonial
assets where such order was unworkable to begin with. In _CT_ itself, the
learned District Judge did observe (at [12]) that “[t]here must surely be a
way for the court to _plug any gap or lacuna_ in the ancillary matters order”
[emphasis added]. This is also consistent with the view (expressed above at
[22]) that s 112(4) was also intended to provide for what are, in substance,
purely administrative matters. Such administrative matters may include the
functionality or, more accurately, lack of functionality, or the literal
unworkability of the order concerned to begin with (_cf_ the decision of this
court in _Chia Chew Gek v Tan Boon Hiang and another appeal_ [1997] 1 SLR(R)
383, which was, however, decided prior to the enactment of s 112(4)). Such
unworkability might be relatively minor, but would still give good reason to
the court to, _inter alia_ , vary the court order to ensure it can be
implemented. Likewise, where an order is substantively unworkable _ab initio_
because of a _fundamental_ misunderstanding at the time the order was made,
this will justify the invocation of the court’s powers. This, however, should
not be taken as an invitation to re-open the merits of the case; any such _ab
initio_ substantive unworkability must be as a result of a fundamental
misunderstanding apparent on the face of the order.

30 One other situation which _might_ justify the court in, _inter alia_ ,
varying an order for the division of matrimonial assets is fraud. Indeed, this
might justify action on the part of the court even after the order concerned
has been implemented. However, it bears emphasising that the standard of proof
for fraud is a very high one and is, _ex hypothesi_ , not easy to satisfy.
More importantly, applications which amount to an abuse of the process of
court will not be tolerated and will be the subject of the appropriate costs
orders. We note, further, that this court (in _Nalini (CA)_) also emphasised
(at [18]) that the invocation of s 112(4) should be balanced against the
fundamental need for finality in so far as the division of matrimonial assets
is concerned; in this regard, it was observed thus (_ibid_):

Parties should not be allowed to continue to make claims indefinitely for
benefits received by the other party after the division of matrimonial assets
has been completed. _There is a need for finality_ ,_unless fraud is shown._
[emphasis added]

31 We also take the opportunity to note, in a related vein, that, in so far as
_consent orders_ are concerned, this court in _AOO_ observed (especially at
[13]–[14]) not only the fact that the legal effect of such orders is derived
from the relevant court order but also (at [17]) that an absence of full and
frank disclosure of material facts by one of the parties might result in a
consent order being set aside by the court – although whether or not a consent
order could be set aside on other grounds was a point left open by the court
in _AOO_ (see at [22]). Interestingly, this court also cited (at [17]) – in
the context of the court setting aside a consent order on the ground of there
being an absence of full and frank disclosure – the view expressed by Lord
Brandon of Oakbrook in the House of Lords decision of _Livesey (formerly
Jenkins) v Jenkins_ [1985] AC 424 (at 445) to the effect that “it will only be
in cases when the absence of full and frank disclosure has led to the court
making, either in contested proceedings or by consent, an order which is
_substantially different_ from the order which it would have made if such
disclosure had taken place that a case for setting aside can possibly be made
good” [emphasis added]. Looked at in this light, there is some correlation
(and _overlap_) with the approach centring on the principle of a radical
change in circumstances amounting to unworkability (set out above at [25])
that do not concern fraud as such (although we would note that most cases of
material non-disclosure would typically involve an element of fraud) in so far
as a high threshold has to be met before the court should intervene and thus
deviate from the very important consideration of finality in litigation.
Finally, we have already noted that this court left open (in _AOO_ (at [22]))
the issue as to whether or not a consent order could be set aside on grounds
other than the absence of full and frank disclosure of material facts by one
of the parties. As this particular issue has not arisen directly for decision
by the court in this appeal, we also decline to say any more about it.

32 In a _yet further_ context, the very recent Singapore High Court decision,
in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna v Ng Li-Ann Genevieve (sole executrix of the estate of
Ng Hock Seng_ ,_deceased) and another_ [2012] SGHC 197 (“ _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna_
”), considered (and rejected), _inter alia_ , allegations of fraudulent
misrepresentations purportedly made by the (deceased) husband to his wife even
_before_ the parties were divorced (which is not, of course, the situation
before this court). We pause to also observe – parenthetically – that the more
general issue (which is also not before this court and which did not appear to
be considered expressly in _Wee Chiaw Sek Anna_) as to when the court can
exercise its power to make an order with regard to the division of matrimonial
assets appears to still be a subject of some controversy (see, for example,
_Chan_ at pp 581–582, and the authorities cited and discussed therein).

33 Turning to the facts of the present appeal, we agree with the Judge’s
decision. It is clear, in our view, that the change in circumstances which the
Husband prayed in aid fell far short of the radical change in circumstances
referred to above (at [25]) and did not amount to the order becoming
unworkable. Even if business failure and a loss of income amounted to a
“material change in the circumstances” sufficient to justify a variation of an
order for maintenance, they did not suffice in the present case to justify the
invocation of s 112(4) in so far as the division of matrimonial assets was
concerned. It should also be noted that the order concerned was the result of
a _consent order_ between the Husband and the Wife (and see generally above at
[15]). Indeed, the Husband was, in the final analysis, merely attempting to
obtain a further amount because the matrimonial asset concerned was now worth
more than what the parties had originally thought (see above at [3]). Such
attempts to undermine the finality of orders with regard to the division of
matrimonial assets are wholly undesirable as well as unmeritorious and are,
indeed, the very antithesis of the rationale underlying such orders in the
first place, and aptly demonstrate the dangers of a wide interpretation of s
112(4). If, indeed, he had suffered a loss of income which amounted to a
material change of circumstances, his proper course should have been to seek
to vary the order for the payment of maintenance, rather than to seek to
reopen the order with regard to the division of matrimonial assets.

34 In the circumstances, we affirmed the Judge’s decision on this particular
issue.

Issue 2

35 The second issue in this appeal between the parties concerned the question
of whether there was any agreement to have the Wife’s maintenance varied to a
lump sum of $750,000 which justified the Judge ordering the same to be paid
out of the Husband’s share of the sale proceeds of the Property on that basis.
We found that there was – in point of fact and having regard to the available
evidence – no such agreement. The Wife’s argument on appeal was that the
figure of $750,000 was proposed by the Husband and repeated throughout the
proceedings below, and so it could be inferred that there was an agreement to
give the Wife a lump sum maintenance of $750,000 for herself. Upon a perusal
of the relevant portions of the Record of Appeal, however, we did not find
this argument convincing. In the proceedings below, the Husband had prayed for
a variation of the order for the division of assets to a proportion more
favourable to himself and at the same time for a sum of $750,000 _to be paid
out of the Wife’s share_ as lump sum maintenance. There was _nothing_ to
suggest that the Husband had _agreed_ to the lump sum payment of maintenance
being ordered against him _to be paid from his share_ of the proceeds. In the
circumstances, we allowed the appeal on this particular issue. We also note
that the confusion in this case was caused by the solicitors’ failure to
appreciate that the division of matrimonial assets and an order to pay
maintenance are two distinct powers of the court. By conflating what should
have been two separate applications to vary the two orders into one composite
application, it became difficult to comprehend what was actually being sought.

36 This however, left the question of the appropriate amount of maintenance
payable to the Wife as regards the Husband’s application for variation
unanswered. We therefore ordered that the issue be remitted to the High Court
to be decided by the Judge in light of our decision on the division of the
matrimonial assets. We made this order rather than to leave the Husband to
make a fresh application to vary in the District Court as a matter of
practicality, as the Judge was already familiar with the facts of this case.
We also ordered a stay on the payment by the Husband of the maintenance for
the Wife and the children, except with regard to the payment of the children’s
basic school fees during the interim period (which fees are to be borne by the
parties on an equal basis).

37 After the hearing before this court, the parties wrote in to seek
directions over the remit of the Judge to deal with issues relating to the
appropriate order for maintenance. In 2011, the Wife had, before this appeal,
taken out a summons in the District Court applying to vary the order for
maintenance for herself and for the children. The Wife took the sensible view
of having all these matters heard together before the Judge in the High Court.
The Husband disagreed, and took the position that the Wife’s application
should be separately heard in the District Court. We were of the view that it
would be inexpedient to have the two applications heard separately, especially
when they both relate to the same issue, _viz_ , the appropriate amount of
maintenance the Husband should pay for the Wife and the children. The evidence
with regard to both applications would largely be similar if not the same,
_ie_ , demonstrating whether or not there had been a “material change in the
circumstances” as required under s 118 of the Act. We accordingly directed
that the summons taken out by the Wife be heard together with the Husband’s
application before the Judge in the High Court.

Conclusion

38 For the reasons set out above, we dismissed the Husband’s appeal against
the Judge’s decision refusing the variation of the terms of division of the
matrimonial assets in the consent order between him and the Wife, but allowed
the Husband’s appeal against the Judge’s order of a lump sum maintenance of
$750,000 to be paid to the Wife out of the Husband’s share of the sale
proceeds. We also lifted any stay on the distribution of the sale proceeds of
the Property, ordering that all sale proceeds be released to the parties in
accordance with the division made under the consent order entered into between
the parties. In the circumstances, we were also of the view that there be no
order as to costs both here and in the court below. The usual consequential
orders would apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

