Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  S E Shipping Lines Pte Ltd _v_ Austral Asia Line Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 220

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 638 of 2012 (Summons No 3368 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Govindarajalu Asokan (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the
plaintiff; Kenneth Tan SC (instructed), Bazul Ashhab bin Abdul Kader, Mabel
Leong Qing Jing and Ang Kai Li (Oon & Bazul LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  S E Shipping Lines Pte Ltd — Austral Asia Line Pte Ltd  
  
30 October 2012| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff, S E Shipping Lines Pte Ltd, is seeking a declaration that any
application by the defendant, Austral Asia Line Pte Ltd, to wind up the
plaintiff would amount to an abuse of the process of court, and an injunction
against the defendant from filing any application to wind up the plaintiff.
The plaintiff chartered the vessel “ _AAL Shanghai_ ” from the defendant but
failed to pay freight. By a letter dated 12 June 2012, the defendant’s
solicitors demanded repayment of outstanding freight in excess of USD 2
million and threatened to wind up the plaintiff if payment was not made within
21 days. As the freight remained unpaid, the defendant claimed the right to
commence winding-up proceedings against the plaintiff, pursuant to s
254(1)(_e_) read with s 254(2)(_a_) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev
Ed).

2 The charterparty between the plaintiff and defendant was entered into to
allow the plaintiff to transport cargoes from South Korea and China to Brazil,
under a distinct contract between the plaintiff and Suzlon Energy Limited
(“SEL”). SEL was the owner of the cargo, and the consignee was Suzlon Energy
Eolica do Brasil Ltda (“SEEBL”). Following non-payment by the plaintiff, the
defendant exercised its lien over the cargo onboard _AAL Shanghai_. It also
commenced a suit against SEL and SEEBL in Brazil, and issued a Notice of
Arbitration against the plaintiff.

3 An injunction will be granted if the debtor is able to show that it is
likely that a winding-up order would not be made if a winding-up petition is
presented (_Metalform Asia Pte Ltd v Holland Leedon Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R)
268 at (“ _Metalform_ ”) [77]). This is hardly one such case. Counsel for the
plaintiff, Mr Govindarajalu Asokan, raised a host of objections to winding-up
proceedings by the defendant. First, he argued that the plaintiff had tendered
payment of the outstanding freight, which the defendant had unjustifiably
rejected. However, the plaintiff’s offer to pay the freight had been
conditional and, in any event, remains unfulfilled. Second, he argued that the
defendant had obtained security for its claim because SEEBL had paid a sum of
USD 2,547,440.57 into the Brazilian court, and that having sued in Brazil and
commenced arbitration, the defendant would be abusing the process of court if
it were allowed to present a winding-up petition here. I find that the issues
have been unnecessarily complicated by the plaintiff’s vague submissions,
which failed to address important facts. The contract under which the present
debt has arisen is the charterparty between plaintiff and the defendant. This
is entirely separate from the carriage contract between the plaintiff and SEL.
Further, the Brazilian proceedings concerned SEL and SEEBL, not the plaintiff,
and the arbitration proceedings relate to separate claims. The plaintiff
cannot piggyback on the security SEEBL paid into the Brazilian court as it
related to a separate claim against a different party in proceedings which the
plaintiff was not part of.

4 Third, Mr Asokan claimed that the plaintiff had cross-claims against the
defendant arising from the latter’s alleged unlawful exercise of its lien over
the cargo on board _AAL Shanghai_. In “cross-claim” cases, the court will
incline towards granting an injunction if there is a distinct possibility that
the genuine cross-claim may exceed the undisputed debt (_Metalform_ at [82]).
However, the case that Mr Asokan sought to make out was not only unclear, but
reasonably disputed. The charterparty between the plaintiff and the defendant
expressly entitled the defendant to exercise a lien on all cargo for any
amount due under this contract and the costs of recovering the same. The
plaintiff has also failed to show that its cross-claim exceeded the value of
the defendant’s claim for freight. It need only be reiterated that a debtor
asserting a genuine and substantial cross-claim must do more than merely
assert the fact that a cross-claim exists, and that the court is entitled to
reject evidence because of it is inherently implausible, contradicted or
unsupported by the documents (_Denmark Skibstekniske_ _Konsulenter A/S I
Likvidation_ _(formerly known as Knud E Hansen A/S)__v Ultrapolis 3000
Investments Ltd (formerly known as Ultrapolis 3000 Theme Park Investments
Ltd)_ [2011] 4 SLR 997 at [47]).

5 Under such circumstances, no reasonable court would declare that the
defendant would be abusing the process of court if it were allowed to proceed
with the winding-up proceedings. The plaintiff is entitled to challenge the
winding-up petition and it lies in the jurisdiction of the winding-up court to
determine whether there was any merit in the petition, and further, whether
the petition was an abuse of the process of court. No court would grant an
order preventing a party from seeking redress, whether by writ or petition,
unless the evidence is clear and incontrovertible.

6 For the reasons above, the application in Originating Summons No 638 of 2012
is dismissed. Costs are to follow the event and be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

