Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Foo Ah Yan _v_ Chiam Heng Chow  
[2012] SGCA 15

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 58 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cheah Kok Lim (Cheah Associates LLC) for the appellant;
Michael Moey Chin Woon (Moey & Yuen) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Foo Ah Yan — Chiam Heng Chow  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 202.]

20 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal by the wife against a decision of the High Court ordering
lump sum maintenance of $75,000, to be paid 14 days after the wife transfers a
property back to the husband (see _Foo Ah Yan v Chiam Heng Chow_ [2011] SGHC
202 (“the GD”)). The order of the learned Judge (“the Judge”) embodied the
terms of the husband’s offer, which was made in response to the wife’s claim
for lump sum maintenance of $292,000. We allowed the wife’s appeal and now set
out the detailed grounds for our decision.

The factual background

2 This case concerned the obligations of the respondent husband to maintain
the appellant wife after the dissolution of their 13.5 year long marriage. The
parties were married on 11 October 1995, and by the time the ancillary
proceedings had commenced, the wife was 60 years old and the husband was 72
years old. As there were no children of the marriage, and the wife did not
claim a share of the matrimonial assets, the only ancillary matter before this
court was that of maintenance of the wife.

3 The parties resided in a double storey corner terrace house during the
marriage. The husband retired in 1996, shortly after the marriage. He
continued to receive an income of $2,600 per month, constituted by rental of
$1,800, an annuity of $350 from his National Trades Union Congress (“NTUC”)
insurance policy[note: 1] and allowances from the children from his previous
marriage.[note: 2] The wife, who was a full time accounts clerk and bookkeeper
drawing a monthly salary of $2,550,[note: 3] also stopped working shortly
after the marriage.[note: 4]

4 Several factual disputes took centre stage during the proceedings below.
Firstly, there was a dispute over whether the husband had maintained the wife
during the marriage. The wife claimed that maintenance had been provided,
although, as the Judge noted, her position regarding the quantum of
maintenance allegedly provided had been inconsistent (see the GD at [6]–[8]).
The husband, in contrast, insisted that he had not maintained the wife during
the marriage.[note: 5] As was apparent during submissions (at least on the
part of the husband), this insistence was thought to justify the position that
a husband who had not maintained his wife during the course of the marriage
need not do so after the marriage was dissolved. This was an unfortunate
reading of a husband’s obligation to maintain his former wife under the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which we shall elaborate
on later. The second factual dispute concerned the wife’s current financial
position. According to her, she now earns $1,100 per month ($800 as a part
time accounts clerk and bookkeeper, and $300 from multi level marketing
sales).[note: 6] The husband alleged that she was earning more,[note: 7] given
the sizable difference between her monthly income of $1,100 and her claimed
monthly expenses of $6,344.50.[note: 8]

5 At a hearing before the Judge on 26 April 2011, the husband made an offer of
a lump sum payment of $75,000 payable over three monthly instalments provided
the wife re-transferred a property in Hainan, Republic of China, known as Unit
15B Lion City Apartment (“the Hainan property”), back to him.[note: 9] It was
not disputed that the Hainan property, purchased in 2000[note: 10] and
registered in the wife’s name, was wholly paid for by the husband.[note: 11]
The wife did not argue that the Hainan property was a gift to her.[note: 12]

Decision of the High Court

6 The Judge found that the wife had been financially independent throughout
the marriage (see the GD at [27]), and, as such, the only “loss” suffered by
her following the dissolution of the marriage was the loss of accommodation
(see the GD at [24]). The wife’s financial independence was inferred from her
failure to prove receipt of maintenance during the course of the marriage (see
the GD at [17] and [27]), her failure to explain how she had bridged the
difference between her monthly expenses of $6,344.50 and the monthly sums
allegedly provided by the husband during the marriage (see the GD at [22]), as
well as the fact that parties had kept their finances separate (see the GD at
[19]).

7 The Judge held that, but for the husband’s offer, he would have awarded the
wife a lump sum of no more than $48,300 (see the GD at [27]), based on a
multiplicand of $575 per month (the monthly rental for a room in a Housing and
Development Board (“HDB”) flat) and a multiplier of 7 years, _ie_ , $575 x 12
x 7. In the light of this, the Judge found the husband’s offer to be generous
and thus ordered him to pay $75,000 in three monthly instalments of $25,000,
commencing within 14 days after the wife transferred the Hainan property back
to him (see the GD at [4] and [28]).

The issues on appeal

8 The issues which arose before this court were as follows:

(a) Whether the Judge was correct in finding that lump sum maintenance of
$75,000 was fair and reasonable in the circumstances (“Issue 1”).

(b) Whether the maintenance order should be conditional upon the transfer of
the Hainan property back to the husband (“Issue 2”).

9 As alluded to at [4] above, an interesting question that arose in connection
with Issue 1 (and which will be dealt with below) was whether a husband who
had not maintained his wife during the course of the marriage was entitled to
raise this in divorce ancillary proceedings in order to avoid having to
maintain his former wife _post_ dissolution of the marriage.

Parties’ respective arguments on appeal

10 Counsel for the wife, Mr Cheah Kok Lim (“Mr Cheah”), argued that proof of
maintenance during the marriage should not be the chief focus since the Act
does not require a wife to produce such proof before she may claim maintenance
_post_ dissolution of the marriage.[note: 13] Mr Cheah argued that, since a
husband is under a duty to maintain his wife during the marriage, the
provision of maintenance during the marriage is, at best, _one_ of the many
factors that the court should consider when ordering maintenance to be paid
after the divorce.[note: 14] He also took issue with the Judge’s inference
that the wife was financially independent, arguing that the sum of $6,344.50
represented her current estimated expenses, which included anticipated medical
expenses of $500 and rental of $1,500 which she would now have to pay.[note:
15] Finally, Mr Cheah argued that the court should take into account the
wife’s old age,[note: 16] the husband’s financial resources, as well as the
fact that the wife had not received any share of the matrimonial assets.[note:
17] In the circumstances, he argued that a lump sum payment of $292,000 in
favour of the wife, based on a multiplicand of $1,800 per month (_ie_ , the
rental of an HDB flat) and a multiplier of 13.5 years, being the length of
marriage, would be the appropriate order.

11 In response, counsel for the husband, Mr Michael Moey (“Mr Moey”), argued
that as the husband had never maintained the wife during the course of the
marriage, there was no reason why he had to do so now.[note: 18] Mr Moey
argued that the husband was, in any case, only obliged to provide the wife
with rental of a _room_ in an HDB flat because parties had shared a bedroom in
the matrimonial home and the wife was usually away for most part of the day,
treating the home like a hotel.[note: 19] Mr Moey argued that providing more
maintenance to the wife would be tantamount to giving her a share of the
matrimonial assets _via_ the back door.[note: 20]

Our decision

Issue 1

The general law on maintenance of a former wife

12 The court derives its power to order maintenance from s 113 of the Act.
Section 114 of the Act was modelled on s 25 of the Matrimonial Causes Act 1973
(c 18) (UK) (“the 1973 UK Act”). The 1973 UK Act is a consolidating act, which
repealed and re-enacted s 5 of the Matrimonial Proceedings and Property Act
1970 (c 45) (UK) (“the 1970 UK Act”), prior to the amendment in 1984 referred
to below (at [15]). Section 114 of the Act sets out a non-exhaustive list of
factors to be considered as well as the guiding principle of financial
preservation, as follows:

114.—(1) In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to
his wife or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances
of the case including the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family; and

(g) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

(2) In exercising its powers under this section, _the court shall endeavour so
to place the parties, so far as it is practicable and, having regard to their
conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in which they would have
been if the marriage had not broken down and each had properly discharged his
or her financial obligations and responsibilities towards the other._

[emphasis added]

13 Generally, assessment of the appropriate monthly multiplicand begins with
the wife’s financial needs as derived from her particulars of expenditure,
scaled down for reasonableness: see the Singapore High Court decision of _Quek
Lee Tiam v Ho Kim Swee (alia Ho Kian Guan)_ [1995] SGHC 23 (“ _Quek Lee Tiam_
”) at [16]. The overarching principle embodied in s 114(2) of the Act is that
of financial preservation, which requires the wife to be maintained at a
standard, which is, to a reasonable extent, commensurate with the standard of
living she had enjoyed during the marriage. A clear application of this
principle was found in _Quek Lee Tiam_ (at [19]), where Lai Kew Chai J held
that:

[T]he principle of financial preservation means that she should have
accommodation commensurate with 26 Lynwood Grove in standard though not in
size because she is single. She should be provided a car, not the Honda
Concerto which was used to ferry the dogs, but a Mercedes 200. She should have
food, sartorial, cosmetic and other usual allowances as if she remained as Mrs
Ho. He has to provide her with a membership in a golf club as she was a very
keen golf player at his request, if not insistence. What would be wrong and
contrary to the principle of preservation is to award her a sum of maintenance
which would relegate her to the standard of living before the marriage.

14 The statutory directive in s 114(2) has, however, been criticised for
ignoring the very fact that triggered the application for maintenance, _viz_ ,
termination of the marriage, and for restricting the court to the sole
consideration of parties’ conduct when reflecting upon the justice of the
order: see _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 11 (LexisNexis, 2006 Reissue) (“
_Halsbury’s_ ”) at para 130.853. The first criticism was articulated in the
following terms by Lord Hailsham of St Marylebone LC during the parliamentary
debates on the UK Matrimonial and Family Proceedings Bill (which was
subsequently enacted as the Matrimonial and Family Proceedings Act 1984 (c 42)
(UK) (“the 1984 UK Act”)) (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) - House of
Lords_ (21 November 1983) vol 445 at col 35):

[T]he last words of the old subsection (1) [_ie_ , s 25(1) of the1973 UK
Act]…limited the discretion of the court by enacting that, in exercising its
powers, the court should place the parties, so far as it is practical, and,
having regard to their conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in
which they would have been had the marriage not broken down. This is to set
the court an impractical and wholly undesirable objective. The basis of
divorce being the irretrievable breakdown of the marriage, it is neither
practicable nor desirable to attempt to put the financial eggs back in their
shells. This would involve the courts in a miracle worthy of my reputed
predecessor, Saint Swithin, who is reported to have done just that on a famous
occasion. It is this which has led to the most anomalous of decisions and
given rise to the legitimate element in the “meal ticket for life” complaint.

References may also be made to the following publications by the Law
Commission for England and Wales: _The Financial Consequences of Divorce: The
Basic Policy – A Discussion Paper_ (Law Com No 103, 1980), especially at paras
21–22, 42–44 and 66–69 and _The Financial Consequences of Divorce – The
Response to the Law Commission’s Discussion Paper, and Recommendations on the
Policy of the Law_ (Law Com No 112), especially at para 17.

15 Yet, whilst England and Wales have abandoned their equivalent of the s
114(2) directive after amendments _vide_ the 1984 UK Act (see, in particular,
s 3), with the result that s 25 of the UK Matrimonial Causes Act 1973 now only
directs the court to consider a non-exhaustive list of relevant factors, our
legislature has not followed suit (see Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law
in Singapore_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2007) (“ _Elements of Family Law in
Singapore_ ”) at p 796 and _Halsbury’s_ at para 130.853). Our courts have,
however, applied s 114(2) _purposively_ to achieve a commonsense response to
the requirements of justice in each case – a point which has been acknowledged
by the work just mentioned (see _Halsbury’s_ at para 130.853). As this court
noted in _BG v BF_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 (“ _BG v BF_ ”) at [74]–[75]:

The High Court in _Wong Amy v Chua Seng Chuan_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 143 made some
crucial observations in relation to these powers: (a) adequate provision must
be made to ensure the support and accommodation of the children of the
marriage; (b) provision must be made to meet the needs of each spouse; and (c)
_at the end of the day, it is the court's sense of justice which demands and
obtains a just solution to many a difficult issue_ : see also _Quek Lee Tiam v
Ho Kim Swee [1995] SGHC 23_. These principles were recently endorsed by V K
Rajah J (as he then was) in _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75.

… In _Tan Sue-Ann Melissa v Lim Siang_ _Bok Dennis_ _[2004] 3 SLR(R) 376_ ,
this court held that the rationale behind the law imposing a duty on a former
husband to maintain his former wife is _to even out any financial inequalities
between the spouses, taking into account any economic prejudice suffered by
the wife during marriage_.

[emphasis added]

16 The _purposive_ approach to the s 114(2) directive recognises that there
could be an infinite number of reasons why the applicant should not get all
she asks for, and requires s 114(2) to be applied in _a commonsense holistic
manner_ that takes into account the new realities that flow from the breakdown
of a marriage: see the Singapore High Court decision of _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1
SLR(R) 75 (“ _NI v NJ_ ”) at [15]–[16]. Indeed, Lord Gardiner LC referred to
instances of the possible pitfalls which might occur (and which the
commonsense holistic approach adopted by the Singapore courts _avoids_) during
the debate in the House of Lords on clause 5 of the UK Matrimonial Proceedings
and Property Bill (which was later enacted as s 5 of the 1970 UK Act that was,
in turn, and as noted above at [12], the provision upon which s 114 of the Act
was modelled), as follows (see _Parliamentary Debates (Hansard) - House of
Lords_ (4 December 1969) vol 306 at cols 267-268):

In its present form, Clause 5(1) requires the court, first, to consider the
relevant factors set out in paragraphs (a) to (f) and then so far as it is
practicable and, having regard to the conduct of the parties, “just to do so”,
to put the party in whose favour the order is to be made in the position he or
she would or should have been had the marriage not broken down. _This formula
could lead to the conclusion that, where no question of penalising misconduct
arises, and where there is enough money to do so, the court must put the payee
in his “pre-breakdown” position, regardless of the effect on the payer. This
could produce a most unfortunate result. If one takes a case where there is a
decree granted to a wife petitioner on the grounds of five years’ separation
and no question arises of misconduct by either husband or wife, the wife may
be receiving an appreciable income of her own—for example from practice as a
doctor or from the profits of a business—which is much greater than that of
her husband. From the way the parties behaved before the breakdown, it may be
clear that, but for the breakdown, the wife would have continued to be the
financial mainstay of the family. It would hardly be right for the husband to
claim that, on divorce, he was entitled to be put back in his financial status
quo, even if this meant the wife's paying him more than half her income._

_It is notoriously true that two separate homes are much more expensive to run
than one. It will, therefore, in almost every case be impracticable so to
reallocate the resources of the parties as to put one spouse in his or her
pre-breakdown financial position without drastically reducing the standard of
living of the other. In some cases, for example where that other's conduct is
the more blameworthy, this may be a fair result. But where there is no
question of one being more to blame than the other, it will not be fair. The
principle underlying the Amendment is that the court should aim at getting as
near as possible to putting both parties in their pre-breakdown financial
position, so that, where some reduction in the standard of living is
inevitable (as it usually will be), that reduction is shared and not borne
entirely by one party—save where his own bad conduct makes it just that he
should be the one to suffer the greater financial loss._

[emphasis added]

Consequently (and in accordance with this commonsense holistic approach), our
courts have held, _inter alia_ , that a former wife must, where possible,
exert reasonable efforts to secure gainful employment and contribute to
preserve her pre-breakdown lifestyle: see, for example, _Quek Lee Tiam_ at
[22] and _NI v NJ_ at [14]–[16].

17 The court must also consider the husband’s financial ability to meet the
maintenance order. Thus, although the husband is _prima facie_ obliged to
maintain his former wife beyond his retirement and up to the former wife’s
remarriage or the death of either party, the former wife who has assets of her
own should not expect a full subsidy for her lifestyle: see, for example, the
Singapore High Court decision of _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R)
659 (“ _Yow Mee_ _Lan_ ”) at [93].

18 As for the period over which maintenance is to be paid, this court, in _Ong
Chen Leng v Tan Sau_ _Poo_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 545 (“ _Ong Chen Leng_ ”) at
[35]–[36], applied a multiplier of 17 years to the multiplicand of $600 per
month as a compromise between the average life expectancy of a woman (70
years) and the usual retirement age of a Singapore male worker (65 years),
less the wife’s present age (50 years). This was however not a hard and fast
rule: see _Rosaline Singh v Jayabalan Samidurai (alias Jerome Jayabalan)_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 457 (“ _Rosaline Singh_ ”) at [13] and _Yow Mee Lan_ at [97],
where the High Court in the latter case held as follows:

The wife in this case was aged 51 at the time of the hearing…If I were to
apply the quantification adopted in _Ong Chen Leng_ 's case, I would take a
multiplier of 16 years on the same reasoning as used there. In this case,
however, the monthly quantum of maintenance awarded is considerably higher
than that at issue in [_Ong Chen Leng_] and I am sensible of the point made by
the district judge that the wife cannot expect to be maintained at the same
standard after the husband retires…. In the circumstances, I consider that the
fairer way of dealing with the problem would be to award the wife a lump sum
based on full maintenance for eight years (_ie[,]_ up to the husband reaching
the age of 60) and on half maintenance for a further eight years. Accordingly,
I allow the wife's appeal in relation to maintenance and vary the lump sum
awarded to $259,200.

19 In the final analysis, it is the reasonableness of the maintenance claim
_vis-à-vis_ the husband’s ability to pay, which guides the court’s application
of the principle of financial preservation (see also the recent decision of
this court in _AQS v AQR_ [2012] SGCA 3 at [52] (“ _AQS_ ”)). As factors
leading up to the breakdown of marriages are varied and often incommensurable,
no single formula can ensure a just result in each and every case.
Consequently, courts have accepted that the exercise of assessing maintenance
must be undertaken flexibly, with “a commonsense dose of realities” (see _Quek
Lee Tiam_ at [21]).

Can a husband who has not maintained his wife during the course of the
marriage raise this fact in divorce ancillary proceedings in order to avoid
providing maintenance post dissolution of the marriage?

20Before us, counsel for the wife, Mr Cheah, argued that the Judge was wrong
to hold that the wife was not entitled to maintenance unless she could prove
that she was maintained during the course of the marriage.[note: 21] Counsel
for the husband, Mr Moey argued, naturally, that such an approach was
correct.[note: 22] It was unfortunate that both parties had not given the
Judge’s decision a fair reading: It was quite clear, in our view, that the
Judge had rightly looked at maintenance during the marriage as an _indicator_
of the wife’s financial independence, rather than as a _pre-requisite_ for
claiming post-divorce maintenance (see the GD at [16]–[17]).

21 In any event, we were unable to locate authorities in support of the
husband’s broad – indeed, sweeping – proposition to the effect that one who
has not maintained his wife during the course of the marriage need not do so
after the divorce. Indeed, s 69(1) of the Act imposes an obligation on a
husband to provide maintenance to his wife during the course of the marriage.
Of course, what is reasonable depends on all the circumstances of the case;
that a wife is financially capable does not _per se_ excuse a husband from his
duty to maintain her, although it may affect the quantum of maintenance deemed
to be reasonable: see Tan Cheng Han, _Matrimonial Law in Singapore and
Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 1994) at pp 205–206. While non-provision of
maintenance during subsistence of the marriage could therefore be justified in
some situations, a husband’s reliance on his failure to provide maintenance
during the marriage _per se_ , in order to evade his duty to maintain his
former wife after divorce, cannot possibly sit well with the court’s sense of
justice.

22 Furthermore, the duty of a husband to maintain his wife during the
marriage, as provided by s 69(1) of the Act, and the obligation to provide
maintenance to a former wife under s 113 of the Act are driven by separate
forces. As Prof Leong Wai Kum pointed out in _Elements of Family Law in
Singapore_ at p 476:

In the former situation, the objective is to provide modest maintenance,
namely, to help her overcome her immediate financial need which may well be
the same objective when ordering maintenance for a dependent child. In the
latter situation, maintenance ordered for a former wife, however, serves the
far more ambitious objective of giving her a fair share of the surplus wealth
that had been acquired by the spouses during the subsistence of the marriage.

Indeed, while the court must have regard to all circumstances of the case when
ordering maintenance in both contexts, the matters that the Act specifically
directs the court to consider under ss 69(4) and 114 of the Act are not
identical. It is thus conceivable that one who justifiably fails to maintain
his wife during the course of their marriage may nevertheless be obliged to do
so after the marriage has ended.

The present appeal

23 We have emphasised that while non-provision of maintenance during the
course of the marriage may point towards the wife’s financial independence, it
is not a factor that should be given conclusive weight. In any event, we were
mindful that, despite his claims that no maintenance had been provided to the
wife, the husband had admitted to providing her with accommodation and related
outgoings during the marriage itself.[note: 23]

24 Although the wife did not produce evidence of payment of rental to her
nephew with whom she is currently residing, the Judge decided to give her the
benefit of doubt as it was unclear whether she would be able to stay with her
nephew indefinitely (see the GD at [25]). This was a sensible approach, which
accorded with the following observations made (albeit in a slightly different
context) by this court in _Tan Bee Giok v Loh Kum Yong_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 605 (“
_Tan Bee Giok_ ”) (at [24]):

The wife is 49 years old. She has no career or skill to speak of and does not
appear to have any other means to support herself. Shutting her out from
maintenance would leave her vulnerable in her present relationship with the
party cited or other friends which carries with it none of the obligations of
marriage on their part. In other words, there is no obligation on the part of
the party cited or her other friends to continue to provide funds for her
subsistence.

25 We were however of the view that it would be more reasonable to provide the
wife with rental of an HDB _flat_ , rather than that of a _room_ in an HDB
flat. When applying the principle of financial preservation, the standard of
living against which the wife’s current maintenance entitlement should be
gauged is that which she enjoyed _prior to the breakdown of the marriage_ ,
instead of that _prior to the marriage_ : see s 114(1)(_c_) of the Act and
_Quek Lee Tiam_ at [19]. Bearing in mind that parties had resided in a double
storey terrace house during the marriage, a rented room in an HDB flat fell
too far short of the standard of accommodation commensurate with that of the
matrimonial home. Indeed, this view is wholly consistent with – and serves, in
fact, to illustrate \- the commonsense holistic approach which has been
endorsed by our courts (as to which see above at [16]).

26As the power to order maintenance is supplementary to the power to order
division of matrimonial assets, courts regularly take into account each
party’s share of the matrimonial assets when assessing the appropriate quantum
of maintenance to be ordered: see, for example, _BG v BF_ at [75]–[76],
_Rosaline Singh_ at [13]; _Tan Bee Giok_ at [27] and _AQS_ at [51]. Indeed,
this inquiry falls within the matters to be considered under s 114(1)(_a_) of
the Act (see above at [12]). However, the husband argued that since the wife
did not claim a share of the matrimonial assets, and since he would have to
sell the matrimonial home in order to provide her with rental of an HDB flat,
the wife would effectively be obtaining a share of the matrimonial assets
_via_ the backdoor.[note: 24] We did not agree with this contention. Firstly,
it was apparent that the husband had an interest in several properties, shares
and overdraft facilities[note: 25] and would be able to meet the maintenance
order. Secondly, requiring the husband to pay for _rental_ of an HDB flat was
eminently reasonable in the circumstances, given the type of accommodation the
wife had been accustomed to during the marriage. It would perhaps have been a
different matter had the wife requested the purchase price of an HDB flat, or
if parties had lived in an HDB flat prior to the breakdown of their marriage.

27 In the circumstances, we were of the view that an order for lump sum
maintenance of $126,000 would be fair and reasonable, based on a multiplicand
of $1,500, being the monthly rental of an HDB flat, and a multiplier of 7
years. The husband submitted that _Yow Mee Lan_ should be applied to halve the
multiplicand in order to account for his status as a retiree. However, the
fact that the husband is already retired served to distinguish this case from
_Yow Mee Lan_ , where the court took into account the husband’s _prospective_
retirement by halving maintenance for the relevant post-retirement period.
Since the multiplicand of $1,500 was arrived at after considering the parties’
age and the wife’s relative self-sufficiency, the husband’s retirement has
already been accounted for.

Issue 2

28 Although we appreciated the Judge’s concern that the wife should take
necessary steps to transfer the Hainan property back to the husband, we saw
merit in the wife’s argument that this could prejudice her if the transfer
takes a long time,[note: 26] especially since it was unclear how long such
transfers typically took in Hainan. In the circumstances, we ordered that
maintenance payments should not be linked to the transfer of the Hainan
property. However, we ordered the wife to provide her fullest cooperation for
the transfer to be effected. The husband would bear the costs of the transfer.

Conclusion

29 For the reasons set out above, we allowed the appeal and awarded the wife
lump sum maintenance of $126,000, to be paid within three months from the date
of order. We also ordered the wife to cooperate fully with the husband with
respect to the transfer of the Hainan property back to him. Taking into
account all the circumstances of the case, we ordered costs of the appeal in
favour of the wife to be fixed at $10,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle vol 2 (“2ACB”), Part A, at p 132 (Chiam Heng
Chow’s Affidavit of Assets and Means dated 11 June 2009).

[note: 2]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at p 36, [4.2.2(c)].

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at p 7, [3.5.1]; RC at p 6, [3.5.1].

[note: 4]AC at p 7, [3.5.2]; RC at p 6, [3.5.2].

[note: 5]RC at p 11, [3.9.1].

[note: 6]AC at p 11, [3.13], 2ACB, Part A, at p 33 (Foo Ah Yan’s Affidavit of
Assets and Means dated 9 June 2009).

[note: 7]RC at p 13, [3.13].

[note: 8]RC at p 40, [4.3.4].

[note: 9]2ACB, Part B, at p 157 (Notes of Arguments).

[note: 10]AC at p 26, [3.21.6].

[note: 11]2ACB, Part B, at p 157 (Notes of Arguments).

[note: 12]2ACB, Part B, at p 157 (Notes of Arguments).

[note: 13]AC at p 29, [4.5].

[note: 14]AC at p 29, [4.6].

[note: 15]AC at p 67, [8.20].

[note: 16]AC at p 58, [8.5]–[8.6].

[note: 17]AC at pp 63–67, [8.12]–[8.19].

[note: 18]RC at p 30, [4.1.3].

[note: 19]RC at p 48, [4.3.6(b)].

[note: 20]RC at pp 34–35, [4.1.13]–[4.1.14].

[note: 21]AC at p 26, [4.1].

[note: 22]RC at p 29, [4.1.1]–[4.1.3].

[note: 23]2ACB, Part A, at p 137 (Chiam Heng Chow’s Affidavit of Assets and
Means dated 11 June 2009).

[note: 24]RC at pp 34–35, [4.1.13]–[4.1.14].

[note: 25]2ACB, Part A, at pp 132–135 (Chiam Heng Chow’s Affidavit of Assets
and Means dated11 June 2009).

[note: 26]AC at p 69, [9.4].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

