Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chan Ah Beng _v_ Liang and Sons Holdings (S) Pte Ltd and another
application  
[2012] SGCA 34

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 88 of 2011 and Summons No 5443 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Yeh Siang Hui (J S Yeh & Co) and Ng Wai Keong Timothy
(Timothy Ng LLC) for the appellant; Tan Hee Joek and Tan Hee Liang (Tan See
Swan & Co) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Chan Ah Beng — Liang and Sons Holdings (S) Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 236.]

29 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court Judge (“the Judge”)
in Originating Summons No 251 of 2011 filed on 30 March 2011 (“the OS”) (see
_Liang & Sons Holdings (S) Pte Ltd v Chan Ah Beng_ [2011] SGHC 236 (“the
GD”)).

2 We should note, at the outset, that the Appellant had appointed M/s Kertar &
Co (“KC”) to act for him in separate subordinate courts proceedings and also
in the OS before the Judge (see [10]–[11] below). However, the Appellant
discharged KC on 17 June 2011 and chose to appear in person before the Judge
at the final hearing on 27 June 2011. Subsequently, the Appellant appointed
M/s J S Yeh & Co (“JSY”), who had always acted for the Appellant in the
conveyancing matter, to also act for him in this present appeal.

The facts

Background to the sale

3 The Appellant was the owner and occupier of the premises known as Apartment
Block 201C, Tampines Street 21 #01-16, Singapore 523201 (“the Property”). He
occupied and used the Property for his business of selling market produce.

4 On 26 July 2010, the Appellant granted the Respondent an option to purchase
the Property at $1.2m in exchange for an option fee of $12,000 (“the
Option”).[note: 1] The Respondent exercised the Option on 12 August 2010.

Relevant terms of the Option

5 Clauses 10.1, 9, 8, 6, 10.3 and 4 of the Option are central to the present
dispute and will be reproduced in full. Clause 10.1 of the Option states as
follows:

The sale and purchase of the Property shall be subject to:-

(i) the written approval from the [Housing Development Board (“HDB”)] and such
terms and conditions as the HDB may impose from time to time at its absolute
discretion;

...

Clause 9 of the Option states as follows:

The Vendor and the Purchaser shall use their best endeavours to obtain the
HDB’s approval to the sale and purchase herein and the Vendor shall proceed
with the submission of the HDB application form to the HDB within fourteen
(14) days from the date of exercise of the Option. The administration fee
amounting to S$535.00 payable to the HDB shall be borne by the Vendor.

Clause 8 of the Option states as follows:

The sale and purchase shall be completed:-

(i)within [fourteen] (14) weeks from the date of exercise of this Option; or

(ii)within fourteen (14) days upon receipt of the HDB’s approval; or

(iii)in the event that provisional approval is granted by the HDB, within
fourteen (14) days upon receipt of the HDB’s letter confirming that all
unauthorised works in the Property has been rectified by the Vendor;

whichever date is later.

Clause 6 of the Option states as follows:

The sale is subject to the Purchaser giving the vendor a tenancy term of one
(1) year only for a monthly rental of $8,000.00 with effect from the date
immediately after the contractual date of completion.

Clause 10.3 of the Option states as follows:

Without prejudice to any of the aforesaid conditions, in the event that the
HDB does not grant written approval to the sale and purchase herein due to
circumstances beyond the control of either parties and the parties herein
having done all that is necessary for the HDB’s approval, the Agreement shall
forthwith be treated as null and void and the Deposit paid herein shall
forthwith be refunded to the Purchaser without any interest compensation or
deduction whatsoever and neither party shall have any claim or demand against
the other whether for costs damages compensation or otherwise.

Finally, Clause 4 of the Option states as follows:

The sale is subject to “**THE SINGAPORE LAW SOCIETY’S CONDITIONS OF SALE
1999** ” so far as the same is applicable to a sale by private treaty and is
not varied by or inconsistent with the special conditions herein. In the event
of any inconsistency, the terms herein shall prevail. [emphasis in original].

6 Clause 4 of the Option essentially incorporated the Singapore Law Society’s
Conditions of Sale 1999 (“Conditions of Sale”) by reference. In particular,
Conditions 6 and 8.2 are material to this case, and read as follows:

**6.** **Outgoings, Rents and Profits until Completion**

6.1The Vendor must discharge the outgoings down to and including the date
fixed for completion.

6.2Subject to Condition 6.3, after the date fixed for completion the Purchaser
–

(a) must discharge all outgoings; and

(b) will be entitled to all the rents and profits or possession.

6.3The Purchaser is not to be let into actual possession or receipt of rents
and profits until the date of actual completion of the purchase.

6.4Where necessary, the outgoings, rents and profits are to be apportioned
between the parties.

...

**8.** **Late Completion Interest**

...

8.2 _Interest Payable by Vendor_

8.2.1If –

(a) the sale is not completed on or before the date fixed for completion; and

(b) the delay in completion is due solely to the default of the Vendor,

he must pay interest (as liquidated damages) commencing on the day following
the date fixed for completion up to and including the day of actual
completion. Interest will be calculated on the purchase price at 10% per
annum.

The impediments to the sale

7 On 6 September 2010, the Respondent’s solicitors, M/s Tan See Swan & Co
(“TSS”), submitted the application for resale/transfer of the Property to
HDB.[note: 2] HDB inspected the Property on or about 15 September 2010. On 9
November 2010, HDB wrote to both JSY and TSS stating that it was unable to
process the resale application unless and until the Appellant rectified the
following breaches that were discovered:

(a) Unauthorised cold room (chiller);

(b) Unauthorised brackets installed at frontage of the Property;

(c) Excessive display of goods at the common area; and

(d) Tampines Town Council’s (“the Town Council”) action against the Appellant
in DC Suit No 3475 of 2010 (“the DC Suit”) for trespass arising from the
display of goods at the common area without a Temporary Occupation
Licence.[note: 3]

On 16 November 2010, HDB highlighted a further impediment to the sale of the
Property, namely that the Appellant owed rental arrears in relation to two
other HDB commercial properties that he occupied.[note: 4] The quantum of
arrears was confirmed by HDB on 13 December 2010.[note: 5]

8 On 17 December 2010, TSS first gave notice to JSY that the Respondent would
charge interest for late completion pursuant to Condition 8.2 of the
Conditions of Sale (“Condition 8.2”) (reproduced above at [6]).[note: 6] We
pause to note – parenthetically – that Condition 8.2 is presently Condition
9.2 of the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 2012 in a slightly amended form.

9 We agree with the Appellant that the main impediment to the sale was the DC
Suit as it was the definitive cause for HDB to withhold its consent to the
sale of the Property. Hence, we do not intend to restate the unfolding of
events in relation to the rest of the impediments. It suffices for the
purposes of this appeal to note that the remaining impediments ceased being an
issue in relation to the sale at various dates between the scheduled date of
completion (18 November 2010) to the date that the OS was filed (30 March
2011).

The major impediment to the sale – the DC Suit

10 The Respondent’s director, Chuang Mui Yau (“Chuang”), exhibited the cause
papers of the Town Council’s claim against the Appellant in the DC Suit in her
third affidavit dated 21 June 2011.[note: 7] The pertinent details of the DC
Suit are as follows:

(a) The Appellant had been issued eleven summonses between June 1993 and April
2009 for obstructing common property (all of which were compounded);

(b) Since 1 January 2007, the Appellant had required but had not been granted
a Temporary Occupation Licence to display goods at the outdoor display area at
the Property’s frontage;

(c) The action for trespass in the DC Suit commenced on 14 October 2010;

(d) On 10 November 2010, the Appellant through KC filed a defence and
counterclaim, _inter alia_ , denying the Town Council’s right to sue him;

(e) The Town Council obtained an order for an injunction against the Appellant
on 10 November 2010, restraining him from using the common area at the
Property’s frontage to display his goods;

(f) As a result of the Appellant’s persistent default in complying with the
injunction order, a committal order was ordered against him on 18 March 2011;
and

(g) On 27 April 2011, the Town Council obtained default judgment against the
Appellant for his failure to comply with an earlier “unless” order.

11 The Appellant’s persistent default in complying with the injunction order
dated 10 November 2010 is evidenced by the following events:

(a) On 24 May 2011, at the second hearing before the Judge, KC showed to the
Judge two photographs purportedly proving that the common area was clear of
obstructions;[note: 8]

(b) However, on 25 May 2011, the Town Council’s solicitors wrote to KC and
copied to TSS stating, _inter alia_ , that the Appellant was found to have
continued using the common area during the inspection on 23 May 2011;[note: 9]

(c) KC replied to the Town Council’s solicitors on 25 May 2011, reiterating
that the Appellant had cleared all obstructions and enclosing the two
photographs shown to the Judge at the second hearing on 24 May 2011 that
purportedly proved that the common area was free of obstructions.[note: 10] KC
also wrote to HDB, repeating the contents of their letter to the Town
Council’s solicitors and requested approval of the sale;[note: 11]

(d) HDB replied on 25 May 2011 to both parties’ solicitors stating that it had
been advised by the Town Council’s solicitors that the obstruction to the
common area had not been removed. Hence, the Appellant’s application for the
transfer of the Property was rejected. The Respondent was advised to resubmit
the application after the Appellant had settled the DC Suit with the Town
Council;[note: 12] and

(e) On the Respondent’s behalf, Chuang took it upon herself to visit the
Property to verify the situation. He took photographs on 25 May 2011,[note:
13] 29 May 2011[note: 14] and 20 June 2011,[note: 15] respectively and showed
them to the Judge. The photographs show that merchandise was still displayed
at the common property despite the Appellant’s claim to the contrary.

12 In a similar vein, the Appellant’s persistent default in complying with the
settlement of the default judgment obtained on 27 April 2011 is evidenced by
the following events:

(a) On 6 June 2011, the Town Council’s solicitors wrote to the Appellant and
copied to JSY, KC and TSS, stating that the settlement terms of the DC Suit
were as follows:[note: 16]

(i) That the Appellant agreed and abided by the default judgment dated 27
April 2011,

(ii) That the Appellant agreed to pay costs and disbursements incurred in the
DC Suit in the sum of $28,629.50;

(iii) In consideration of the settlement and payment of costs and
disbursements, the Town Council will waive damages, inform the Court that they
do not wish to further prosecute the contempt application and inform the HDB
that the DC Suit has been completed; and

(iv) In consideration of the settlement, the Appellant irrevocably agrees to
and will instruct TSS to release the agreed costs and disbursements to the
Town Council upon completion.

(b) By way of a letter dated 10 June 2011 to the Town Council’s solicitors and
copied to TSS, JSY replied accepting the terms of the settlement;[note: 17]

(c) On 14 June 2011, TSS wrote to JSY and copied to the Town Council’s
solicitors. In its letter, TSS asked, _inter alia_ , for the Appellant to give
his irrevocable instructions to the Respondent to set aside the settlement sum
to be paid to the Town Council upon completion;[note: 18]

(d) Also on 14 June 2011, the Town Council’s solicitors wrote to JSY and
copied to TSS requiring TSS as solicitors for the purchasers to confirm that
they have irrevocable instructions from the Appellant to pay the Town Council
the settlement sum from the proceeds of the sale. The letter further stated
that upon receipt of such confirmation, the Town Council will write to the HDB
to confirm that the DC Suit has been settled;[note: 19]

(e) On 15 June 2011, TSS wrote to the Town Council’s solicitors and copied to
JSY, confirming that the Respondent was agreeable to the arrangement provided
that the relevant irrevocable instructions were duly provided for in writing
by JSY;[note: 20] and

(f) On 17 June 2011, JSY replied to TSS’ letter of 14 June 2011 and copied to
KC and the Town Council’s solicitors. Specifically in response to TSS’ request
for the Appellant’s irrevocable instructions to set aside the settlement sum
from the proceeds of the sale to pay to the Town Council, JSY said that they
“confirm” it.[note: 21]

The OS hearings

13 At the request of KC, the Judge granted two adjournments on 3 May 2011 and
24 May 2011 to allow the Appellant to rectify his breaches.[note: 22] At the
last hearing on 27 June 2011, the Appellant appeared in person (see the GD at
[20]).

The decision below

14 The Judge found that it was plain from the history of the sale transaction
that the Appellant had failed to comply with Clause 9 of the Option as he had
not used his best endeavours to obtain HDB’s approval to the sale. In fact,
the Appellant had, by his conduct, prevented HDB from granting the requisite
approval in time for completion on 18 November 2010 (see the GD at [23]–[25]).
The Judge therefore granted the Respondent the reliefs claimed, in particular:

(a) Specific performance by the Appellant of the Option within 14 days of the
order of court, with liberty given to TSS to deduct a sum of $28,629.50 to pay
to the Town Council’s solicitors upon completion;

(b) The Appellant be ordered to complete the sale of the Property to the
Respondent within 14 days upon receipt of the approval from the HDB for the
resale/transfer; and

(c) Damages by an account of _rental_ at the rate of $8,000.00 per month or
$266.69 per day _for the period commencing from 18 November 2010 to the actual
date of completion._

We pause to note an important point at this particular juncture: Although it
was not specifically mentioned in the Order of Court, the Judge had in her GD
explained that the damages (by way of an account of rental) were awarded
pursuant to Clause 6 of the Option (see the GD at [22]).

15 The Judge also noted that, as far back as December 2010, TSS had given
notice to JSY that the Respondent would be charging interest to the Appellant
for late completion. Furthermore, at the final hearing on 27 June 2011, the
Appellant had _agreed_ to pay both interest and costs (although we note that
he had disputed the period for which interest was to be calculated on and that
he was not asked to submit on the quantum of costs.[note: 23]). Consequently,
the Judge also granted the Respondent the following reliefs claimed against
the Appellant:

(a) Interest for late completion at 10% per annum pursuant to Condition 8 of
the Conditions of Sale commencing from 18 November 2010 until the actual date
of completion; and

(b) Costs fixed at $6,000.00, excluding reasonable disbursements, to be
reimbursed to the Respondent by the Appellant.

Appellant’s application to adduce further evidence on appeal in Summons No
5443 of 2011

16 As a preliminary matter, the Appellant applied to adduce fresh evidence
before this court in relation to three categories of documents, as follows:

(a) Category 1: Eight documents that were not brought to the Judge’s attention
by the hearing on 27 June 2011;

(b) Category 2: Twenty-one documents that had not yet come into existence
before the hearing on 27 June 2011;

(c) Category 3: The Appellant’s depositions in paragraphs 4–9 of his Affidavit
filed on 30 November 2011.

17 It is settled law that in order to justify the reception of fresh evidence
at the appellate stage, three conditions must be cumulatively fulfilled (see
the leading English decision of _Ladd v_ _Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“ _Ladd
v Marshall_ ”) at 1491):

[F]irst, it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence for use at the trial; secondly, the evidence must be such
that, if given, it would probably have an important influence on the result of
the case, though it need not be decisive; thirdly, the evidence … must be
apparently credible, though it need not be incontrovertible.

18 The _Ladd v Marshall_ test has been cited and followed by this court on
numerous occasions: see, for example, _Cheong Kim Hock v Lin Securities
(Pte)__(in liquidation_) [1992] 1 SLR(R) 497 at [21];  _Cheng-Wong Mei Ling
Theresa v Oei Hong Leong_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 637 at [39]; and _Sim Cheng Soon_ _v
BT Engineering Pte Ltd and another_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 551 at [7]–[9]. The three
conditions must be cumulatively satisfied: _Su Sh-Hsyu v Wee Yue Chew_ [2007]
3 SLR(R) 673 at [15].

1st Category: Eight documents that were not brought to the Learned Judge’s
attention by the hearing on 27 June 2011

19 The Appellant claims that these documents, which involve correspondence
between parties’ solicitors, HDB and the Town Council, would demonstrate that
he had used his best endeavours to obtain HDB’s approval to the sale.[note:
24]

20 It is the Appellant’s case that the first limb of the _Ladd v Marshall_
test is fulfilled since he could not have adduced these documents with
reasonable diligence, as reasonable diligence on his part as a litigant-in-
person would not have alerted him to the legal significance of the said
documents.[note: 25]

21 The Respondent – not surprisingly – disputes that the first _Ladd v
Marshall_ criterion is satisfied and raises several points. Firstly, being
unrepresented _per se_ cannot satisfy the first _Ladd v Marshall_ criterion.
Otherwise, it would always be open to unrepresented litigants to use this as a
reason to adduce further evidence upon appeal. Further, there is no reason to
think that the Appellant was not in possession of or was unaware of these
documents at the material time since his conveyancing solicitors, JSY, had
never ceased to act for him in the conveyancing matter. The Appellant has not
raised such allegations either. The Appellant had chosen not to file any
affidavit prior to the final hearing before the Judge and was fully content to
rely on the evidence adduced by the Respondent in the three affidavits filed.
In any event, the Appellant was unrepresented for only ten days prior to the
final hearing on 27 June 2011.[note: 26]

22 We agree with the Respondent’s arguments and find that these documents were
in the possession of the Appellant or, at the very least, could have been
easily obtained with reasonable diligence and ought to have been placed before
the Judge at the proceedings below. In the circumstances, we did not allow
this category of documents to be admitted.

2nd Category: Twenty-one documents that had not yet come into existence before
the hearing on 27 June 2011

23 The Appellant claims that these documents may potentially demonstrate that
he was not to be blamed for the delay in completion for the period commencing
28 June 2011 (the day after the court order was granted) to 26 July 2011 (the
date of actual completion). Consequently, the Appellant argues that he should
not be made to pay interest and damages (by an account of rent) in respect of
that particular period of time.[note: 27]

24 The first _Ladd v Marshall_ criterion is clearly satisfied since the
documents had not yet come into existence and were therefore impossible to
obtain before the hearing on 27 June 2011. These documents might also have an
important influence on the outcome of the case since the liability to pay
interest for late completion under Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale is
dependent on the blameworthiness of the Appellant. Since the parties have not
raised any issue with the credibility of those documents, the third _Ladd v
Marshall_ criterion was also satisfied.

25 We therefore allowed this category of documents to be admitted.

3rd Category: Appellant’s depositions in paragraphs 4 to 9 of his affidavit

26 The third category of evidence which the Appellant sought to adduce relates
to the depositions found in paragraphs 4 to 9 of the Appellant’s affidavit.
The depositions in turn relate to both (a) the first category of evidence and
(b) the second category of evidence. By logical extension, since we did not
allow the first category of evidence to be admitted, we also did not allow the
depositions relating to the first category of evidence to be admitted.
However, although we allowed the second category of evidence to be admitted,
we did not also allow the depositions relating to the second category of
evidence to be admitted. As the contents of the documents in the second
category of evidence can speak for themselves, we did not think that the
depositions relating to the second category of evidence would probably have an
important influence on this case. In the circumstances, therefore, we did not
allow the third category of evidence to be admitted.

Issues to be determined

27 Turning, then, to the substantive issues before this court, they are as
follows:

(a) The consequences of admitting the twenty-one documents that had not yet
come into existence before the hearing on 27 June 2011;

(b) Whether the Judge had erred in her finding of fact that the Appellant had
breached Clause 9 of the Option by failing to use his best endeavours to
obtain HDB’s approval;

(c) If the Appellant had indeed breached the terms of the Option, whether the
Judge had erred in law by awarding the Respondent both interest and damages
(by an account of rental), and if so, which relief should be awarded; and

(d) The Appellant’s appeal against the award of costs against him.

Our decision

Issue 1: Consequences of admitting the twenty-one documents that had not yet
come into existence before the hearing on 27 June 2011

28 The Appellant’s case in this regard is that, at the time of the hearing on
27 June 2011 before the Judge, it was impossible to determine as a matter of
fact whether the Appellant and/or the Respondent would have caused undue delay
to the completion of the sale and be in breach of Clause 9 of the Option for a
future period in time. Therefore, according to the Appellant, the Respondent’s
alleged right to interest and/or damages by an account of rent from 28 June
2011 up to the actual date of completion had not yet accrued by the time the
OS was disposed of. The Appellant therefore sought to rely on these documents
to demonstrate that he was not to be blamed for the delay in completion for
the period beginning 28 June 2011 (the day after the court order was granted)
to 26 July 2011 (the date of actual completion).

29 With respect, the Appellant’s argument is unpersuasive. If the Appellant
was found to have caused undue delay to completion, surely he should be held
liable to rent and/or damages in respect of the entire delay and not just up
to the date of the OS. After all, the Appellant’s actions had the overall
consequential effect of delaying completion that should have taken place as
scheduled on 18 November 2010 but did not occur until 26 July 2011. It is of
course possible that, after the OS was disposed of, the Respondent might be in
breach of Clause 9 of the Option. Should such a situation occur, then a
separate right would accrue to the Appellant which would enable him to bring
an action against the Respondent for breach of contract. Such a right is
independent of the Respondent’s right to damages and/or interest for the
period between the contractual and actual date of completion, which had
accrued by the time that the OS was disposed of.

30 Hence, although we allowed these documents to be admitted, they did not
ultimately have any bearing on the present appeal. Accordingly, we need not
consider them further.

Issue 2: Whether the Judge erred in her finding of fact that the Appellant had
breached Clause 9 of the Option by failing to use his best endeavours to
obtain the HDB’s approval

31 We should state, from the outset, that this ground of appeal was not raised
in the Notice of Appeal filed by the Appellant.[note: 28] We will nonetheless
address this issue since it arose during the course of the appeal.

32 To appeal against the Judge’s finding of fact that he had not used his best
endeavours to obtain HDB’s approval for the sale of the Property, the
Appellant must show that the Judge’s finding of fact clearly went against the
weight of the evidence and was plainly wrong. As Kan Ting Chiu J stated
succinctly in the Singapore High Court decision of _Ong_ _Khim_ _Heng Daniel v
Leonie Court Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 670 at [42]:

A covenant to use best endeavours is not a warranty to produce the desired
results. It does not require the covenantor to drop everything and attend to
the matter at once; the promise is to use th _e best endeavours to obtain the
result within_ the agreed time. Nor does it require the covenant to do
everything conceivable; _the duty is discharged by doing everything reasonable
in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within the time
allowed_. [emphasis added]

33 In a similar vein, Choo Han Teck J, in the Singapore High Court decision of
_Group Exklusiv Pte Ltd v Diethelm Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 582 (“
_Group Exklusiv_ ”), observed thus (at [11]):

Mr Chan referred to a number of authorities in respect of his argument that
the plaintiffs ought to have appealed. The authorities relied upon, namely,
_Ong_ _Khim_ _Heng Daniel v Leonie Court Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 670 which in
turn, relied on _IBM United Kingdom Ltd v Rockware Glass Ltd_ [1980] FSR 335,
and _Tan Soo_ _Leng David v Wee, Satku & Kumar Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 257
stressed that the proper construction of contractual clauses in which the
purchaser was obliged to use his best endeavours to apply for planning
approval, is that “best” does not mean “second best”. But these authorities do
not stand for the proposition that the purchaser was required to make a heroic
effort in order to comply with a "best endeavours" clause. When a contract for
the sale and purchase of property is made subject to approval from some
authority, be it for planning approval or a change of use, the agreement must
be viewed as a contract that both parties were happy with and desired its full
performance and that the purchaser will, in Geoffrey LJ’s words in the _IBM_
case at 345, “take all those reasonable steps which a prudent and determined
man, acting in his own interests and anxious to obtain planning permission,
would have taken”. Whether all reasonable steps were taken or the best
endeavours made is a question of fact in each case. The facts that are
relevant in such cases must include the nature of the approval sought, the
practice, if any, of those in the trade concerned, the availability of an
appeal process, evidence of futility of further efforts and so on. The facts
of the three cases cited above are distinguishable. Hence, in _Ong_ _Khim_
_Heng Daniel_ , which followed _IBM United Kingdom Ltd_ the courts found that
the purchaser had not quite made the effort, but the court in _Tan Soo_ _Leng
David_ found that reasonable efforts had been made.

34 And, in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Travista Development Pte
Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 (“ _Travista_ ”),
Chan Sek Keong CJ, delivering the grounds of decision of the court, observed
thus (at [22]):

The appellant argued that it had used its best endeavours to obtain the QC,
but could not do so within three months from the date of the S&PA, _ie_ , by
12 March 2007. Before we deal with the evidence relied upon by the appellant
in support of this argument, it is apposite that we set out the legal
obligation imposed by a contractual best endeavours clause. The law is well
established. A best endeavours clause in a contract obliges the covenantor to
“take all those reasonable steps which a prudent and determined man, acting in
his own interests and anxious to obtain planning permission [or to perform
such other applicable obligation], would have taken” (see _IBM United Kingdom
Ltd v Rockware Glass Ltd_ [1980] FSR 335 (“ _IBM v Rockware_ ”) at 345;
referred to in _Justlogin Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd_ [2004] 1
SLR(R) 118 at [47]). As Kan Ting Chiu J stated succinctly in _Ong_ _Khim_
_Heng Daniel v Leonie Court Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 670 (“ _Ong_ _Khim_ _Heng
Daniel_ ”) at [42]:

A covenant to use best endeavours is not a warranty to produce the desired
results. It does not require the covenantor to drop everything and attend to
the matter at once; the promise is to use the best endeavours to obtain the
result _within the agreed time_. Nor does it require the covenantor to do
everything conceivable; the _duty is discharged by doing everything reasonable
in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within the time
allowed_. [emphasis added]

The test to determine whether a party has exercised its best endeavours is an
objective one. But, it is also a composite test in that the covenantor may
also take into account its own interests. While the covenantor has a duty to
use its best endeavours to perform its contractual undertaking within the
agreed time, the duty is discharged upon the covenantor “doing everything
reasonable in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within
the time allowed” (_per_ Kan J in _Ong_ _Khim_ _Heng Daniel_ at [42]). This
test also involves a question of fact. As stated by Choo Han Teck J in _Group
Exklusiv Pte Ltd v Diethelm Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 582 at [11]:

The facts that are relevant in such cases must include the nature of the
approval sought, the practice, if any, of those in the trade concerned, the
availability of an appeal process, evidence of futility of further efforts and
so on.

35 It ought, however, to be noted that, whilst the relevant test is now well-
established in the local legal landscape (see also, for example, the Singapore
Court of Appeal decision _Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and another v
Justlogin Pte Ltd and another_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 675 at [21] (affirming
_Justlogin Pte Ltd and another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and another_
[2004] 1 SLR(R) 118) and the Singapore High Court decisions of _MacarthurCook
Property Investment Pte Ltd and Another v Khai_ _Wah Development Pte Ltd_
[2007] SGHC 93 at [61] and _Indulge Food Pte Ltd v Torabi_ _Marashi_ _Bahram_
[2010] 2 SLR 540 at [64]), the actual decision arrived at by the court as to
whether or not the contracting party concerned had in fact satisfied the duty
to use best endeavours depends, in the final analysis, upon the precise
factual matrix in question (see also _Group Exklusiv_ at [11] (cited above at
[33])). Indeed, this is inherent in the very nature of the test itself. Put
simply, whilst the test is relatively easy to state, the actual decision
itself is anchored heavily in the sphere of application.

36 As a preliminary matter, we should highlight a point that the Judge did not
specifically address. This relates to the governing date of completion in
light of a “best endeavours clause” such as Clause 9 of the Option. As set out
at [5] above, Clause 8 of the Option defined the completion date as _“(i)
within fourteen (14) weeks from the date of exercise of [the] Option; or (ii)
within fourteen (14) days upon receipt of the HDB’s approval ... whichever
date is later_ ”. According to the principle established by this court in
_Travista_ , the governing date of completion should be construed as 18
November 2011 pursuant to Clause 8(i) of the Option. This is so unless the
Appellant can demonstrate that, in spite of having used his best endeavours to
resolve the issues that prevented HDB from granting approval, he could not
have done so. To hold otherwise would “[render] nugatory [an] aspect of the
appellant’s “best endeavours” obligations” (see _ibid_ at [19]).

37 As already alluded to above, the Appellant’s main argument before this
court relates to the DC Suit. Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Yeh Siang Hui (“Mr
Yeh”), submitted that the Appellant should not be found to be in breach of
Clause 9 of the Option because using one’s best endeavours to obtain HDB’s
approval to the sale does not equate to having to compromise or forego one’s
rights against another party, even if the HDB makes the resolution of one’s
dispute with the other party a condition precedent for the approval to the
sale. This, Mr Yeh argues, is implied as a matter of law in any legal system
through the two principles: that no person should be judged unheard and that
every litigant has a right to a fair hearing.

38 The Appellant’s argument, whilst attractive at first blush, was, in our
view, fundamentally flawed. Let us elaborate.

39 In considering the Appellant’s argument, the chronology of events is of the
first importance. It will be recalled that the Respondent had exercised the
Option on 12 August 2010. At _that_ particular point in time (or, at the very
least, shortly thereafter), the Appellant _ought to have removed_ the display
of his goods that were _later_ to _become the subject of the DC Suit_. Indeed,
it was clear beyond peradventure in so far as _the Appellant_ was concerned
that this display of his goods was, in the view of the Town Council, _an
ongoing breach of the Town Council’s rules and regulations_. That this clear
fact could not have escaped the Appellant’s attention was underscored by the
fact that eleven summonses had been issued by the Town Council against the
Appellant between June 1993 and April 2009 inasmuch as the Appellant was
alleged to have obstructed the common property. Significantly (in our view),
all these summonses had been compounded.

40 More importantly, it ought to have been clear to both the Appellant and JSY
that the continued display of the goods could – if not removed – seriously
jeopardise the successful completion of the sale of the Property to the
Respondent. Although the Appellant might not have foreseen the precise form
which a concomitant legal action (_viz_ , the DC Suit) would take, that is
besides the point as any such legal action (with its attendant (and negative)
consequences in so far as the transaction between the Appellant and the
Respondent is concerned) ought to have been reasonably contemplated by the
Appellant. It also bears emphasising that it was expressly provided in the HDB
Terms and Conditions (which the parties had agreed to be bound to pursuant to
Clause 10.1 of the Option (reproduced above at [5])) that the parties to the
sale must _not_ have any outstanding judgments or court cases against them. It
is therefore not open for the Appellant to argue that he did not know that his
persistent wrongdoing (and consequently, the DC Suit) would affect the HDB’s
grant of approval for the sale.

41 Put simply, the objective evidence with regard to the Appellant’s actions
in so far as the display of his goods is concerned demonstrates a _completely
contrary_ approach to what he _ought to have done_. Notwithstanding the
knowledge that the Property was supposed to be transferred to the Respondent
by 18 November 2010, the Appellant persisted in displaying his goods, _thus
jeopardising this entire transaction_. _And it was this unreasonable conduct
that led to the commencement of the DC Suit on 14 October 2010 –_ which was,
significantly, approximately two months _after_ the Respondent had exercised
the Option to purchase the Property _and_ approximately one month _before_ the
contractual date of completion on 18 November 2010. Mr Yeh’s argument to the
effect that the Appellant was entitled to vindicate his legal rights _vis-à-
vis_ the DC Suit was therefore merely a legal red herring. In point of fact,
had the Appellant exercised his best endeavours pursuant to Clause 9 of the
Option, _the DC Suit would not have been commenced in the first instance_.
Indeed, in the apt words of the Judge (see the GD at [23]):

It was plain from the history of the sale transaction set out earlier in [10]
to [17] that the defendant had not only failed to comply with cl 9 of the
Option in that he had not used his best endeavours to obtain the HDB’s
approval to the sale and purchase _but had also by his conduct, prevented the
HDB from granting the requisite approval in time for completion on 18 November
2010._ He persisted in using the common property at the front of the Property
to display his goods without a TOL, despite repeated summonses being issued
against him between 1993 and 2009 by the Town Council. He constructed a cold
room without prior approval from the HDB and when his transgression was
discovered in September 2010, he dragged his feet and made no attempts to
rectify his breach until January 2011 and even then, it was only after
repeated pressing by the plaintiff’s solicitors. _He_** _caused_** _the Town
Council_** _to resort to legal action_** _including the taking out of an
injunction and committal orders before he agreed to rectify his default._
Further, he was less than truthful when he repeatedly claimed (through his
counsel) that he no longer obstructed the common property with his goods when
that was not true even as of 20 June 2011. [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

42 It is significant, in our view, that, notwithstanding the Appellant’s
alleged ignorance of the HDB’s rules and regulations before the Judge (see the
GD at [20]), he was in fact legally represented by both KC (until 27 June
2011) and JSY (in the conveyancing matter). In any event, as already noted
above, the issue relating to the display of goods at the common property was a
longstanding one – stretching as far back as 1993.

43 That the Appellant’s conduct throughout was unreasonable and was _the very
antithesis_ of best endeavours was emphasised – most correctly, in our view –
by the Judge. For example, the Judge referred to the Appellant’s
“recalcitrance and pugnacious attitude” as being “not only inexcusable but
reprehensible” (see the GD at [24]). In this regard, the fact that the
Appellant had _no intention whatsoever_ of removing the display of goods was
clear from his conduct _throughout_ as rooted in the objective evidence
itself. This patent lack of _bona fides_ was evident _even after_ the DC Suit
had been commenced. Indeed, the Appellant’s conduct after the DC Suit
commenced (see the narrative at [11]–[12] above) constituted part of an
integrated pattern of conduct that (it bears reiterating) stretched back to as
far back as 1993.

44 For example, the injunction was ordered against the Appellant on 10
November 2010 but he was found to have been in breach of that order even until
as late as 20 June 2011. Had he simply complied with the said order, the
committal proceedings would not have been commenced against him. The
compliance with the terms of the injunction was a simple matter that was
entirely within the Appellant’s control since he was operating his business at
the Property at all material times. We also note that the Appellant was less
than candid when he repeatedly claimed through KC that he no longer obstructed
the common property with his goods when that was, in point of fact, untrue.
Further, when the Judge pointed out to the Appellant at the final hearing that
he was in breach of the Option due, _inter alia_ , to the outstanding DC Suit,
he did not deny his breaches. In fact, he even admitted that he had for 30
years displayed his goods at the common area and did not understand why he
could not continue to do so. We should add that, even taking the Appellant’s
arguments at their highest, his compliance with the said order was not at all
incompatible with his defence of the DC Suit. Indeed, his non-compliance with
the terms of an injunction was a flagrant breach of a court order that
resulted in committal proceedings being commenced against him.

45 In our view, it is also somewhat telling that, having been (as already
noted) the cause of the DC Suit, the Appellant sought to benefit from this
situation by giving notice (on 2 June 2011) to the Respondent’s solicitors
that he (the Appellant) intended to rescind the sale pursuant to Clause 10.3
of the Option (reproduced above at [5]) in the event that the HDB did not
grant written approval for the sale. It was clear beyond peradventure that,
having been the cause of the DC Suit, Clause 10.3 was clearly inapplicable as
the refusal by the HDB to grant written approval was, in the circumstances,
clearly _not_ “beyond the control of either parties [_sic_]”. Not
surprisingly, therefore, the Respondent’s solicitors _rejected_ the
Appellant’s attempt to rescind the sale. More importantly, the Judge quite
correctly observed thus (see the GD at [24]):

The court could not condone [the Appellant’s] wrongful conduct by allowing him
to rescind the sale and purchase under cl 10.3 of the Option as it could not
be said that the sale was delayed or could not take place due to circumstances
beyond the [Appellant’s] control and he had done all that was necessary to
obtain the HDB’s approval to the sale.

46 It is evident from the facts that the Appellant had not done everything
reasonable in good faith to settle the DC Suit so as to obtain the HDB’s
approval to the sale in time for contractual completion on 18 November 2010.
Having therefore found that the Appellant had _not_ used his best endeavous to
obtain the HDB’s approval and had thereby been in breach of Clause 9 of the
Option, we turn now to consider the issue of the reliefs granted.

Issue 3: Whether the Judge had erred in law by awarding the Respondent both
interest and damages (by an account of rental) and, if so, which relief should
be awarded

47 The Appellant’s case with regard to this particular issue is that the Judge
had erred in law by awarding the Respondent both interest and damages (by an
account of rent) as that would amount to double compensation.

48 The resolution of this issue turns on the following sub-issues which will
be dealt with _seriatim_ :

(a) Whether the Respondent is entitled to recover damages (by an account of
rent) for late completion pursuant to Condition 6 of the Conditions of Sale;

(b) Whether Condition 6 falls within the ambit of the liquidated damages
provision under Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale;

(c) The effect of Clause 6 of the Option; and

(d) The relief to be granted.

Whether the Respondent is entitled to recover damages (by an account of rent)
for late completion pursuant to Condition 6 of the Conditions of Sale

49 We will first consider the position under general law. As observed by the
learned authors in Professor Robert M. Abbey & Mark B. Richards, _A Practical
Approach to Conveyancing_ (Oxford University Press, 13th Ed, 2011) at para
9.84:

The common law position is that where completion is delayed in an open
contract, the _buyer will be entitled to any income from the property_ but
must bear all outgoings. Furthermore, _if the seller remains in the subject
property he or she will be required to pay a fee for occupation_ unless the
delay has arisen as a consequence of any default by the buyer. ... If the
seller causes the delay he must pay the outgoings. Accordingly the position at
common law seems to be that the intention is to deal with the parties as if
completion had actually taken place even though in reality no such step has
been taken. [emphasis added]

The same principles are echoed in more details in J Farrand & A Clarke, _Emmet
and Farrand on Title_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2010), as follows (at paras
8.015–8.016):

**8.015 Rent and interest under open contract** – Under an open contract
completion should take place as soon as a good title is shown, and _after that
time the vendor receives the rents and profits as a trustee and must account
for them to the purchaser when completion takes place_ (_Re Highett and Bird’s
Contract_ [1903] 1 Ch 287; _Bennett v Stone_ [1903] 1 Ch 509)

It follows that, under such a contract, if the purchase is not completed at
the proper time, that is when a good title has been shown, the purchaser must
pay interest _…. As the purchaser is entitled to rents and profits from this
time no hardship is caused by this rule_ , except that the rate of interest
would be inadequate at the present time. …

_Correspondingly, a vendor who remains in occupation must make allowance to
the purchaser of a fair occupation rent from the date when the purchaser has
to pay interest to the date of actual completion_ (_Metropolitan Railway
Company v Defries_ (1877) 2 QBD 387), unless the delay in completion has been
the fault of the purchaser and the vendor has been obliged to remain in
possession for the protection of the property and not for his own benefit ...

**8.016 Rent and interest where completion date fixed** – The vendor is
entitled to retain possession or to take rents and profits until the actual
time when the transaction is completed, and even though delay was due to the
state of his title (_Gedye v Montrose_ (1858) 26 Beav 45) unless the contract
expressly provides otherwise. But if completion is delayed, then _when it does
take place the purchaser will be entitled to the rents and profits as from the
day fixed for completion_ ...

[emphasis added]

50 It is clear, therefore, that, under general law, an innocent purchaser is
entitled to rents or profits derived from the property from the contractual
date of completion. Where the vendor is in possession of the property, this
includes a fair occupation rent. The reasoning is simple – equity looks upon
that as done which ought to be done. Hence, the purchaser becomes the owner of
the property in equity from the date of contractual completion.

51 We turn now to consider Condition 6 of the Conditions of Sale (reproduced
above at [6]). In this regard, we would, with respect, disagree with the
court’s view in _Cheong Lay Yong v Muthukumaran s/o Varthan and another_ (_K
Krishna & Partners and another, third parties_) [2010] SLR 16(“ _Cheong Lay
Yong_ ”) that Condition 6 of the Conditions of Sale is of no application to
the issue of an innocent purchaser’s entitlement to rent (see _Cheong Lay
Yong_ at [49]–[53]). In _Cheong Lay Yong_ , the court found Condition 6 to be
confusing and ambiguous. According to it, Condition 6.2 provides that, after
the date fixed for completion, the purchaser will be entitled to all rents and
profits. However, the court reasoned, Condition 6.2 is expressly made subject
to Condition 6.3, which draws a distinction between contractual completion and
_actual_ completion; in particular, it provides that the purchaser is not
entitled to receive rent and profits until the date of actual completion. On
the other hand, Condition 6.4 allows for apportionment of rent and profits
“where necessary”, but it is unclear how the phrase “where necessary” is to be
construed. Hence, the court was of the view that Condition 6 was of no
application, and it proceeded to base his award of damages (by an account of
rent) on other grounds. (The other aspects of the decision in _Cheong Lay
Yong_ relevant to the present appeal will be dealt with further below at
[58]).

52 We find that Condition 6 can be construed quite differently by drawing a
distinction between entitlement under Condition 6.2 on the one hand and
receipt under Condition 6.3 on the other. In other words, the purchaser is
_entitled_ to, _inter alia_ , rent after contractual completion, _but_ he is
not to _receive_ it _until_ the date of actual completion. This interpretation
accords with principles at general law to the effect that a purchaser is, in
principle, entitled to rent after contractual completion since he becomes the
beneficial owner of the property once the date fixed for completion has
passed. One might then question the purpose of subjecting Condition 6.2 to
Condition 6.3 and drawing, in the process, a distinction between entitlement
and receipt. We surmise that one possible reason could be to avoid any
uncertainty on the part of an existing third party tenant as to who he is
obliged to pay the rent to. We pause here to note – parenthetically – that two
learned commentators have observed that, absent reliance on Condition 6.2 as a
basis for the award of rent, it is difficult to justify such an award on the
equitable doctrine of conversion as applied to contracts for the sale of land
(see Tham Chee Ho & Lee Pey Woan, “Contract Law” (2010) 11 SAL Ann Rev 239 at
paras 11.130-11.132).

53 Hence, on the plain reading of Condition 6 of the Conditions of Sale, the
Respondent is entitled to rent after the date of contractual completion. We
turn now to consider whether Condition 6 falls within the ambit of the
liquidated damages provision under Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale.

Whether Condition 6 falls within the ambit of the liquidated damages provision
under Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale

54 We must emphasise, at the outset, that Condition 8 provides that the
defaulting party who causes delay to completion must pay to the innocent party
interest as _liquidated damages_. As the learned author in _McGregor on
Damages_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) (“ _McGregor_ ”) states (at para
1-002):

Liquidated damages are damages which have been agreed between contracting
parties in advance of any breach of contract. They are not the equivalent of
compensation; rather they form an acceptable and agreed alternative to
compensation. The amount agreed needs to be a genuine estimate of what the
loss is likely to be but in the event that amount could be, indeed is likely
to be, either greater or less than the actual loss.

55 It is an established principle of law that an innocent party cannot claim
unliquidated damages in addition to the liquidated damages which were designed
to deal with the loss that has occurred; neither can it elect to ignore the
liquidated damages provision and sue only for unliquidated damages (see, for
example, the English decisions of _Diestal v Stevenson_ [1906] 2 KB 345 and
_Talley v Wolsey-Neech_ (1978) 38 P & CR 45). However, the courts will allow
unliquidated damages to be claimed in addition to liquidated damages if the
damages which is the subject matter of the former claim arises wholly or
partially from some other breach that does not fall within the ambit of the
liquidated damages provision (see, for example, the English decisions of
_Aktieselskabet_ _Reidar v Arcos Ltd_ [1927] 1 KB 352, _Total Transport Corp v
Amoco Trading Co, The Altus_ [1985] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 423). All these principles
were succinctly stated in a leading textbook which we have already referred to
as follows (see _McGregor_ at paras 13-021-13-023):

The courts implement the intention of the parties in the case of liquidated
damages by holding the claimant entitled to recover the stipulated sum on
breach, without requiring proof of the actual damage and irrespective of the
amount, if provable, of the actual damage. ...

In most cases where the claimant has recovered his liquidated damages the
stipulated sum has been greater than the actual, or at least the provable,
damage. _However, just as this cannot diminish his damages, so he cannot
increase them by ignoring the liquidated damages clause in the rare case where
the actual damage is demonstrably greater than the stipulated sum_ , a
situation most likely to arise where one sum is stipulated to be paid on a
number of varying, yet uncertain, breaches and the most serious breach is the
one which occurs. ...

_The claimant will, however, be entitled to sue for unliquidated damages in
the ordinary way, in addition to suing for the liquidated damages, if other
breaches have occurred outside those which fall within the ambit of the
liquidated damages provision or, it seems, if only part of the loss arising
from a single breach is regarded as falling within the provision’s ambit._

[emphasis added]

56 This leads us to the question of what was intended to be caught by the
liquidated damages provision in Condition 8. The scope of a similar liquidated
damages provision was considered by the Singapore Income Tax Board of Review
decision of _ZT v The Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2009] SGITBR 1 (“ _ZT_ ”).
In _ZT_ , the appeal concerned the taxability of the compensation received by
the appellant-purchaser for delay in completion under Condition 8(b) of the
Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1981 which reads as follows:

If the delay in completion is attributable solely to the default of the
Vendor, he shall pay to the Purchaser by way of liquidated damages interest at
the rate of 10% per annum on the purchase price of the property from the day
following the date fixed for completion up to and including the day of actual
completion. Provided that if vacant possession of the property sold has been
delivered by the Vendor to the Purchaser before the date of actual completion
then such damages shall be abated by a sum equivalent to a rent calculated on
the annual value of the property fixed under the Property Tax Act.

The tribunal found that (at [28]):

Clearly the Compensation paid under clause 8(b) though termed as “interest”
was for liquidated damages based on a pre-estimate of quantum of losses in the
event that delay in delivery of possession of the Property (sic). _The loss is
largely on loss of rental arising from the delay. That is the main element of
the Compensation. In our view therefore the Compensation was for loss of
rental pending re-development. …_ [emphasis added]

We are of the view that the above interpretation of the Law Society’s
Conditions of Sale 1981 applies equally to the present Condition 8 of the
Conditions of Sale 1999 (which is, in all respects, similar).

57 Useful comparisons of the Singapore Conditions of Sale can be made with the
equivalent English provisions. The most recent edition of the English
equivalent is the Standard Conditions of Sale (5th Ed) (“UK Standard
Conditions of Sale”). The equivalent provision catering to payment of interest
is Condition 7.2 of the UK Standard Conditions of Sale which states as
follows:

7.2 **Late Completion**

7.2.1If there is default by either or both of the parties in performing their
obligations under the contract and completion is delayed, the party whose
total period of default is the greater is to pay compensation to the other
party.

7.2.2Compensation is calculated at the contract rate on an amount equal to the
purchase price, less (where the buyer is the paying party) any deposit paid,
for the period by which the paying party’s default exceeds that of the
receiving party, or, if shorter, the period between completion date and actual
completion.

7.2.3Any claim for loss resulting from delayed completion is to be reduced by
any compensation paid under this contract.

It is therefore implicit under Condition 7.2.3 of the UK Standard Conditions
of Sale that the innocent party retains the right to claim for damages for
delay, but any compensation paid will be deducted. Counsel for the Respondent,
Mr Tan Hee Joek (“Mr Tan”), argued that the UK Standard Conditions of Sale are
illustrative of how such conditions of sale are never intended to affect the
rights of parties under general law unless they expressly provide so. Whilst
we agree that this is the position under the UK Standard Conditions of Sale,
Mr Tan has failed to address the fact that, unlike the UK Standard Conditions
of Sale, Condition 8 of the Singapore Conditions of Sale expressly provides
that damages are payable as liquidated damages. This is a material distinction
which clearly affects the rights of parties by limiting the right to claim
damages to liquidated damages pursuant to Condition 8 of the Singapore
Conditions of Sale. We also note that the UK Standard Conditions of Sale
require interest received to be credited in the claim for damages. The
necessary implication must be that to award both would be to award double
compensation (which is impermissible).

58 In the circumstances, we are of the view that any rent received pursuant to
Condition 6 _does_ fall within the ambit of the liquidated damages provision
in Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale. We therefore differ from the
approach adopted by the court in _Cheong Lay Yong_ where both rent as well as
interest as liquidated damages were awarded. The court’s primary motivation in
awarding both heads of damages in _Cheong Lay Yong_ was the unjust result that
would arise if the actual loss incurred by the innocent purchaser was greater
than the interest that could be claimed under Condition 8.2 (see _Cheong Lay
Yong_ at [58]). In such a scenario, the innocent purchaser stands to make a
loss while the defaulting vendor stands to gain. We respectfully disagree as
the purpose of liquidated damages is for parties to agree in advance a genuine
pre-estimate of loss, especially when the value of the loss is susceptible to
volatile market fluctuations. Any resulting injustice is merely circumstantial
as it is also equally possible that an innocent purchaser would make a gain
should (taking the present situation as an illustration) the property market
subsequently decline. In fact, it seems that Condition 8.2 actually serves to
offer some protection to the purchaser because, regardless of how unfavourable
the property market may subsequently become, the purchaser will be assured
that it will still be able to recover an acceptable sum. Since parties had
expressly agreed to the sum fixed as liquidated damages and there was also no
reason to classify the clause as a penalty, the law requires that parties be
held to what they have bargained for (see above at [54]–[55]). In the
circumstances, only interest pursuant to Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale
should have been awarded to the purchaser.

59 On this issue, we further note Prof Yeo Tiong Min’s observations in his
chapter on “Restitution” in the Singapore Academy of Law Annual Review (2010)
11 SAL Ann Rev 517 (at paras 21.44 to 21.50):

21.44 The court laid considerable emphasis on the findings that the defendant
had cynically breached the contract and had behaved badly towards the
plaintiff: _Cheong Lay Yong_ at [59]. While accepting that remedies may be
alternative or cumulative, and that the former situation called for an
election by the plaintiff (_Cheong Lay Yong_ at [57]), the court held that in
the exceptional circumstances of the present case, the account of rent should
be in addition to the claim for damages for late completion to prevent the
defendant from benefitting from his wrong. The court was concerned that
otherwise the defendant could use the rental income to offset the damages
payable and thereby profit from his wrong (_Cheong Lay Yong_ at [58]–[59]).
The court was careful to state that in other cases where there is a genuine
dispute between the parties, there may be legitimate arguments why an account
of rent should not be ordered in addition to the claim for damages for late
payment: _Cheong Lay Yong_ at [59].

21.45 Six comments may be made. First, while the court’s disapproval of the
defendant’s conduct was understandable in the circumstances, it should also be
noted that cynical breach as a ground for awarding gains made from breach of
contract was deprecated in _Attorney-General v Blake_ [2001] 1 AC 268 at 286
itself, and this passage was endorsed by the Singapore Court of Appeal in
_Teh_ _Guek_ _Ngor_ _Engelin v Chia Ee Lin Evelyn_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 22 at [18].
The High Court in the present case also relied on the distasteful way in which
the defendant had behaved towards the plaintiff and had conducted the
litigation, but this was addressed in the costs awarded: _Cheong Lay Yong_ at
[61]–[63].

21.46 Secondly, _Attorney-General v Blake_ (above, para 21.39) was not
directly applied, because the court found justification for the account of net
rent from basic trusteeship principles. Thus, the plaintiff does not need to
establish exceptional circumstances to establish a claim for net rent. The
only question was whether the claim for net rent was inconsistent with the
claim for damages for late completion.

21.47 Thirdly, while the existence of exceptional circumstances was used in
_Attorney-General v Blake_ to justify the award of gains from breach of
contract, in this case, the existence of exceptional circumstances was used to
allow the recovery of the defendant’s gains _in addition to_ the recovery of
the plaintiff’s losses.

21.48 Fourthly, the claims respectively for damages and net rent are either
cumulative or alternative. If they are cumulative, then no exceptional
circumstances are required for both to be allowed. Thus, exceptional
circumstances are required only if the two are alternative, _ie_ , they could
lead to double recovery.

21.49 _Fifthly, whether the two claims are cumulative or alternative depends
on a question of construction whether the loss from delay in condition 6
included the loss of the ability of the plaintiff to rent out the property as
a result of late completion. This is arguably a loss attributable to the delay
in completion._ Unfortunately, this critical question of construction did not
receive much attention from the court, as the issue had not been argued.

21.50 _Sixthly, since the court justified its decision on exceptional
circumstances, its decision must rest on the view that the remedies were
alternative, ie, that the losses mentioned in condition 6 included the
plaintiff’s losses from her inability to exploit the property by rental after
the contractual date of completion._ Thus, the unsalutary conduct of the
defendant was used as exceptional circumstances to justify double recovery.
This has a similar effect as an award of punitive damages for breach of
contract.

[emphasis added]

60 We are therefore of the view that rent payable under Condition 6 does fall
within the ambit of the liquidated damages provision under Condition 8.2.
Since Condition 6 and Condition 8.2 are alternative remedies and Condition 8.2
specifically provides that interest is payable as _liquidated damages_ , the
Respondent must therefore be confined to claiming only interest pursuant to
Condition 8.2.

The effect of Clause 6 of the Option

61 Having set out the position at general law and the position under the
Conditions of Sale, we turn now to consider the effect of Clause 6 of the
Option. A plain reading of Clause 6 (reproduced above at [5]) clearly entails
that the Respondent’s right to receive monthly rental of $8,000.00 takes
effect from the date immediately after the contractual date of completion.
This right accrues independently and regardless of whether there was a breach
of the terms of the Option. The question that now arises is this: Does Clause
6 of the Option entitle the Respondent to damages (by an account of rent) in
addition to interest pursuant to Condition 8.2?

62 As is the case with our analysis of Condition 8.2 above, the key principle
that applies is that there must be no double compensation in favour of the
Respondent should damages (by an account of rent) be awarded to the Respondent
pursuant to Clause 6 of the Option in addition to interest pursuant to
Condition 8.2. This is not only a general principle but is a foundational one
that is rooted in logic, commonsense as well as justice and fairness. Looked
at in this light, it is clear, in our view, that there would, in fact, be
double compensation in favour of the Respondent should both the abovementioned
sums be awarded. Let us elaborate.

63 As already noted above (at [54]-[60]), liquidated damages awarded pursuant
to Condition 8.2 _are_ intended to encompass rent received by the Respondent.
In the circumstances, awarding the Respondent _both_ rent in the form of
damages (by an account of rent) pursuant to Clause 6 of the Option _and_
liquidated damages in the form of interest pursuant to Condition 8.2 _would_
result in the Respondent being compensated _twice over_. It is worth noting,
at this juncture, that although Clause 6 of the Option does operate
differently from Condition 8.2 inasmuch as the former relates to a contractual
obligation whereas the latter relates to a breach on the part of the
Appellant, the _substantive result_ is the _same_ , _viz_ , that the
Respondent would be compensated _twice over_. It will be recalled that the
Judge awarded the Respondent _damages_ by an account of rental at the rate of
$8,000 per month or $266.69 per day for the period _commencing from 18
November 2010 to the actual date of completion_ (see above at [14(c)]) _as
well as interest_ (comprising _liquidated damages_) for late completion at 10%
per annum pursuant to Condition 8 of the Conditions of Sale _also_ _commencing
from 18 November 2010 until the actual date of completion_ (see above at
[15(a)]). A moment’s reflection will reveal – in no uncertain terms – the
_double compensation in favour of the Respondent that results from such an
approach._

64 Accordingly, the Judge ought _not_ to have awarded the Respondent damages
(by an account of rent) pursuant to Clause 6 of the Option, in addition to
interest pursuant to Condition 8.2. We therefore find in favour of the
Appellant on this particular issue.

65 We also note – parenthetically– that the parties executed the actual
tenancy agreement as running for one year beginning on the day after actual
completion (_ie_ , 27 July 2011 to 27 July 2012), although the tenancy
contemplated under Clause 6 envisaged a tenancy to commence on the day after
the contractual completion date (_ie_ , 19 November 2010). Clause 6 would
appear to be based on the assumption that completion would be effected in
accordance with the contract. In the circumstances, the aforementioned tenancy
agreement was not, strictly speaking, executed pursuant to Clause 6 as such.
The role Clause 6 plays in the context of the present proceedings centres (as
we have seen) on the issue as to whether or not damages (by an account of
rent) pursuant to Clause 6 may be recovered _in addition to_ interest pursuant
to Condition 8.2.

The relief to be granted

66 The above analysis leads to the conclusion that the Respondent must be
confined to claiming only interest as liquidated damages pursuant to Condition
8.2, and cannot claim (in addition) rent pursuant to Clause 6 of the Option.

67 We note that Clause 4 of the Option provides that, in the event of an
inconsistency between the Conditions of Sale and the terms of the Option, the
terms of the Option should prevail. Clause 4, however, does not come into play
in the present case. This is because Clause 6 (as noted above at [63]) is an
express term of the contract embodying a contractual obligation which ought to
be performed but which, if breached, would result in the award of damages.
Hence, Clause 6 does not relate directly to the issue of damages as such,
except in so far as it will assist the court in quantifying the measure of
loss should that particular clause itself be breached. Condition 8, on the
other hand, is a liquidated damages clause, dealing not, as such, with the
parties’ obligations that are to be performed. Condition 8 deals, instead,
with the consequences of a breach in the event of a delay by one party (which
clause would, in the nature of things, constitute a genuine pre-estimate of
all loss, including loss that would otherwise have been awarded to the
Respondent as non-liquidated damages (which would of course include the amount
awardable for breach of Clause 6)). In the circumstances, there is no
inconsistency between Clause 6 and Condition 8; they are complementary in
nature for the purposes of Clause 4. Clause 4 therefore does not come into
play. Accordingly, the Respondent is entitled to interest for late completion
pursuant to Condition 8.2 of the Conditions of Sale for the period from 19
November 2010 to 26 July 2011. The Appellant’s appeal against the Judge’s
order for the (additional) award of damages by an account of rental to be paid
to the Respondent is therefore allowed.

Issue 4: The appeal against costs

68 The Appellant appeals against the Judge’s award of costs against him on the
basis that he had not been asked to submit on the quantum of costs. We find
that the Appellant had in principle agreed to pay costs at the hearing before
the Judge. In any event, the court is conferred the discretion to decide the
issue of costs pursuant to Order 59 Rule 2(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2007 Rev Ed), and there is no basis to say that this discretion was
exercised improperly in the present case. Accordingly, we dismiss the
Appellant’s appeal against the Judge’s award of costs against him.

Conclusion

69 For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal in part. The usual
consequential orders will apply. The parties have seven days from the date of
this judgment to make written submissions with regard to the costs that ought
to be awarded with regard to this appeal and the quantum of costs that ought
to be awarded in the court below.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle vol II (“2ACB”) at pp 5–10.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle (“RSCB”) at pp 3–10.

[note: 3]2ACB at pp 17–19.

[note: 4]Record of Appeal (“RA”) vol III(B) at p 14.

[note: 5]2ACB at p 21.

[note: 6]2ACB at pp 22–23.

[note: 7]RA vol III(A) at pp 107–244.

[note: 8]RSCB at pp 20–24.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ at pp 25–26.

[note: 10]2ACB at pp 53–55.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ at pp 56–57.

[note: 12]RSCB at pp 25–26.

[note: 13]_Ibid_ at pp 27–32.

[note: 14]_Ibid_ at pp 33–36.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ at pp 38–41.

[note: 16]2ACB at p 62.

[note: 17]_Ibid_ at p 63.

[note: 18]_Ibid_ at p 64.

[note: 19]_Ibid_ at p 66.

[note: 20]RA vol III(A) at p 234.

[note: 21]_Ibid_ at p 236.

[note: 22]RSCB at pp 20–24.

[note: 23]2ACB at pp 67–71.

[note: 24]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at pp 110–116.

[note: 25]_Ibid_ at pp 103–110.

[note: 26]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at p 34.

[note: 27]AC at pp 116–138.

[note: 28]RA vol II at pp 4–6.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

