Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BCB _v_ BCC  
[2012] SGHC 144

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 4208 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Plaintiff in person; Mimi Oh (Mimi Oh & Associates) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  BCB — BCC  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 15 of
2012 was allowed in part by the Court of Appeal on 28 January 2013. See [2013]
SGCA 14.]

17 July 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (“Husband”) and defendant (“Wife”) were married in January
1991. They have three children, a girl, B born in 1993 and two boys, C born in
1997, and D born in 2001. B attends a polytechnic, C is in secondary school
and D is in primary school. The Husband filed this divorce suit on 20 August
2010, on the basis of four years’ separation. The Wife did not contest the
divorce and interim judgment was granted on 27 October 2010.

2 On 1 February 2012, after hearing the parties’ submissions, I made orders
pertaining to custody, care and control of the three children, maintenance for
the three children and the Wife, and division of matrimonial assets. After a
number of hearings to clarify those orders, the settled order is as follows:

**_Care, Control and Custody of the three children_**

(a) That parties are to have joint custody of the three children of the
marriage, namely:

(i) B, aged 18 years-old

(ii) C, aged 14 years-old

(iii) D, aged 9 years-old

(b) with care and control to the defendant and reasonable access to the
plaintiff as outlined herein:

(iv) The plaintiff is to liaise directly with B with regards reasonable access
to her.

(v) With regards C and D, the plaintiff is to have access as follows:

**_Weekly access_**

(A) Every alternate Friday 6pm to Sunday 6pm with effect from 10th February
2012;

(B) At least one weekday’s access for 3 hours, which may be on Friday’s night
on the children’s option and if it is on Friday’s night, then it shall be for
4 hours.

**_Alternate Public holidays access_**

(C) Every alternate public holidays from eve of the said public holiday, 6pm
to the public holiday, 9pm and for the plaintiff to commence with the next
public holiday access save that:

(I) The plaintiff is to have access for every Deepavali and New Year day;

(II) The defendant is to have access for every Christmas and Good Friday
(through to Easter Sunday and if that is the weekend, the plaintiff is
supposed to have access, then the Plaintiff shall have access the following
weekend in lieu thereof).

**_School holiday access_**

(D) Every alternate half of the school holidays:

(I) Two weeks for May/June school holidays (with the plaintiff to have the
first two weeks);

(II) Three weeks for November/December school holidays (with the plaintiff to
have the first three weeks).

(E) Both parties are at liberty to take the children overseas during the
school holidays provided that each party provides the other with the
itinerary, travel and accommodation arrangements. The defendant to hand over
the children’s passports to the plaintiff as necessary, which shall be handed
back to the defendant upon return.

**_Maintenance for the three children of the marriage_**

(b) Plaintiff is to contribute a monthly maintenance sum of S$2,400 but only
pays a cash sum of $730 into DBS bank account no xxx with regards the
maintenance support of the three children of the marriage every 1st day of the
month and every subsequent month thereafter with effect from the date of this
order, save that plaintiff is to pay directly to the three children, a total
sum of $640:

(i) to B, her monthly allowance of $300, which includes transport;

(ii) to C, his monthly allowance of $160 which includes transport together
with his tuition fees and any enhanced tuition fees;

(iii) to D, his monthly allowance of $120 and to directly pay for his
transport cost, his tuition fees and any enhanced tuition fees; and

(iv) for the avoidance of all doubts, the plaintiff is to pay for all tuition
fees for C and D.

(c) Any reasonable ad-hoc expenses for the three children will be borne in the
proportion of 1/3 and 2/3 between the defendant and plaintiff respectively.

**_Maintenance for the Wife_**

(d) Plaintiff is to pay a monthly maintenance sum of $1 to the defendant, to
be credited into DBS bank account no xxx every 1st of the month and every
subsequent month thereafter with effect from the date of this order.

**_Passport of the three children_**

(e) That the plaintiff is to return to the defendant, the two international
passports of the two boys, C and D and all the birth certificates of the three
children.

**_Division of the Matrimonial Assets_**

(f) For Braemar home (“Braemar home”):

(i) That the Braemar home known as [address redacted] is to be sold, and the
net sale proceeds after deducting the outstanding mortgage loan and paying all
costs and expenses related to the sale, be divided in the proportion of 30% to
plaintiff and 70% to the defendant. The defendant shall utilise her share of
the sale proceeds to refund into her CPF account, all CPF monies utilised in
the said mortgage repayments plus accrued interests.

(g) For Serangoon HDB flat (“Serangoon HDB flat”):

(i) That the Serangoon HDB flat known as [address redacted] is to be sold, and
the nett sale proceeds after deducting the outstanding mortgage loan and
paying all costs and expenses related to the sale, be divided in the
proportion of 30% to plaintiff and 70% to the defendant. Parties shall utilise
his/her own share of the sale proceeds to refund into his/her own respective
CPF account, all CPF monies utilised in the said mortgage repayments plus
accrued interests.

(h) The plaintiff shall have conduct of the sale of both properties, as
abovementioned forthwith including appointment of solicitor and agent. The
plaintiff and defendant are to procure the removal of the defendant’s name as
a joint tenant of the Serangoon HDB flat as soon as funds are available from
exercise of option of the sale of the Braemar home.

(i) The proceeds of sale of either of the two abovementioned properties may be
distributed in the ratio of 40% and 30% to defendant and plaintiff
respectively pending appeal and the balance sale proceeds to be held by
solicitors having conduct of sale as stakeholder pending appeal.

(j) Each party is to bear his/her own costs.

(k) Liberty to apply.

3 The Husband has filed a notice of appeal and I now give my grounds of
decision.

4 The background facts are as follows. The Husband is self-employed and earns
about $7,000 per month from consultancy and project work, much of which was
conducted overseas. His work entailed some travelling and in 2010, he had been
based in Thailand for one year. The Wife is a manager earning a net income of
$4,350 per month. In her earlier job, from which she was retrenched in 2006,
she had an income of about $6,000 per month.

5 After marriage, the parties lived in rented premises before purchasing and
moving into an HDB maisonette flat at the end of 1991. In 1998, the parties
sold the HDB maisonette flat and enjoyed a substantial gain. The family moved
to a rented house. In 1999, the parties purchased and moved into an HDB flat
at Serangoon Ave 3 (“the HDB Flat”). The Husband’s mother moved in to live
with them. In 2003, the parties purchased a house at Braemar Drive (“the
Braemar Home”) and it was registered in the sole name of the Wife. In 2006,
the parties separated although they continued to live under the same roof,
which at this time was in the Braemar Home.

Custody, Care and Control, and Access

6 The parties agreed that they would have joint custody of the children.
However they disagreed on care and control. After considering their
submissions, I awarded care and control to the Wife for the following reasons.

7 There is no doubt that both parties have been closely involved in raising
the children. Indeed the Husband has manifested great concern in his affidavit
for the children and had detailed the manner in which he had raised them. But
it did appear from his affidavits that he was somewhat domineering in his
approach. The custody evaluation report (“the Report”) ordered by the court
confirmed this impression. The Report was prepared by Miss Sarinah bte Mohamed
(“Miss Sarinah”), a Deputy Director of the Counselling and Psychological
Services. It stated that B and D were closer to the Wife than the Husband, and
that C was divided between the two of them. However all children wanted to
live together. The Report recommended that the care and control of the three
children be awarded to the Wife.

8 The Husband submitted that the Report was defective because Miss Sarinah had
not had the benefit of interviewing four persons: (a) C’s Chinese language
tutor who had taught him for seven years; (b) the Malay language tutor for B
and D who had taught them for nine years; (c) D’s Malay language teacher; and
(iv) D’s form teacher. I note, however, that Miss Sarinah had interviewed the
following persons other than the parties and the three children: (a) the
maternal grandfather; (b) paternal grandmother; and (c) C’s school counsellor.
What is most important is that she had talked to the three children and
obtained their views on whom they would like to live with. Also important is
that she had spent time to observe the children’s interactions with both
parents. The Husband did not state on what basis the failure to interview
those four persons had reduced the validity of the recommendations in the
Report. I was satisfied with the manner in which the Report had been prepared
and presented. Its conclusions on the Husband was in accord with the
impressions I gained from reading his affidavits. There was therefore nothing
in the circumstances for me to doubt the validity of the recommendations in
the Report. I was satisfied that at least two of the children were in favour
of living with the Wife and the third was neutral. In my view, it is bad
enough for the children that their parents should break up. In the absence of
good reasons to do so, the court should not compound the tragedy by splitting
the children up. It was eminently clear to me in this case that the Wife
should have care and control, but with generous access to the Husband.

Maintenance

9 The financial circumstances of the parties are such that it is not
appropriate to order the Husband to provide maintenance for her under s 113 of
the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed). However to preserve her right to
future maintenance, I ordered the Husband to pay a nominal $1.00 per month.

10 As for the children, the Wife claimed that their expenses were as follows.
B, who is attending a Polytechnic, had the largest expenditure. The two boys
require a lower sum. The parties are in substantial agreement that the total
sum amounts to $4,800 per month. I ordered the Husband to bear half of this
sum. However he had some objection in paying this in cash to the Wife and I
therefore ordered him to pay directly to the children their monthly allowances
(totalling $580) and to directly pay the school transport fees for D and
tuition fees for both boys. The balance, amounting to $730 per month would be
payable to the Wife.

Division of Matrimonial Assets

11 The following were the matrimonial assets of the parties:

(a) The Braemar Home, with an estimated net value (deducting the loan) of
$2.3m;

(b) The HDB Flat, with an estimated net value (deducting the loan) of
$273,000;

(c) Assets in the Husband’s name totalling about $60,000; and

(d) Assets in the Wife’s name totalling about $130,000.

12 As items (c) and (d) were small in comparison to (a) and (b), I found it
expedient to exclude them from the equation and to order each party to retain
those assets.

13 At the time of their marriage, the Husband’s annual income was about
$65,000 and that of the Wife, who had worked throughout the marriage, was
about $24,000. They purchased the HDB maisonette flat in 1991 for about
$162,000. They used the money available in their CPF accounts to make the cash
payments and their monthly CPF contributions to pay the monthly loan
instalments. The Husband claimed he contributed $130,000 towards renovation
and furniture. However the Wife disputed that such a large amount was spent
and she claimed that she had also paid part of these expenditures. Given the
length of time and the circumstances, it is not surprising that parties’
recollection would be poor and there was no documentary evidence. It does seem
surprising, however, that the amount spent on renovation and furniture would
be an amount of a similar order of magnitude as the cost of the property. Be
that as it may, the parties lived there for about eight years and sold the HDB
maisonette flat in 1999 for about $472,000. Of this, $102,000 was used to
repay the balance housing loan, $97,000 was refunded into the Wife’s CPF
account and $28,000 to the Husband’s CPF account. Since the parties had fully
funded the purchase with their CPF monies, the 97:28 ratio in CPF refund
showed that the Wife had contributed more than three quarters towards the
purchase price of the property. This, of course, has to be balanced against
the Husband’s claim that he had spent about $130,000 in renovation and
furniture. The parties were left with a tidy sum of about $245,000 in cash.

14 In 2000, the Husband and Wife bought the HDB Flat for $160,000. The Husband
utilised $30,000 from his CPF and the Wife used $50,000 from her CPF to make
part payment. The balance was paid with a housing loan of $80,000. From 2000
to 2007, the monthly instalments were made from the Wife’s CPF contribution.
After 2007, the Husband took over and paid those instalments in cash. The
outstanding loan at the time of the hearing was about $57,000.

15 The Braemar Home was purchased in October 2003 for $860,000. The Wife’s
father lent them the 10% down payment of $86,000. The Wife took out $135,000
from her CPF to make a further cash payment. The parties took out a housing
loan of about $639,000. The Wife serviced the monthly instalments until June
2007 when her CPF account dried up; thereafter the Husband took over the
monthly payments.

16 Taking both properties together, the total cost was $1,020,000. ($160,000 +
$860,000).

17 According to the Husband, his direct contribution was $50,000 towards the
HDB Flat and $162,000 towards the Braemar Home, plus another $19,000 which
came from his mother. The Wife did not dispute the first two sums, but
disputed that the Husband’s mother had contributed $19,000. Thus the Husband’s
direct contribution totalled $212,000 or $231,000. I took the average of these
two sums, _ie_ $221,500.

18 The Wife’s direct contribution was $83,000 for the HDB Flat and $313,000
for the Braemar Home, plus another $86,000 loan from her father for the down
payment for the Braemar Home. This totalled $482,000. However the Husband had,
for a period in 2008, handed over cash to the Wife for the instalment
payments, but in that period, the Wife still had funds in her CPF and which
was used to repay the mortgage, while pocketing the cash. This totalled
$68,000 and must be deducted from the Wife’s total of $482,000 to avoid a
double count. Hence the Wife’s direct contribution totalled $414,000.

19 The ratio of direct contributions by the Husband and Wife is 34.9:65.1. As
concerns indirect contributions, I took into account the length of the
marriage (which is 15 years to the separation in 2006), and the birth of the
three children. I took into consideration that the Husband had been as much
involved in the upbringing of the children as the Wife, but against that is
the fact that he had to travel frequently, during which time the Wife had to
care for the children on her own. When the Husband was not doing so well in
his business, the family had relied principally on the Wife’s income. Taking
all these factors into account, I awarded the Wife an additional 5% for
indirect contribution.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

