Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pacific Chemicals Pte Ltd _v_ MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd and
another  
[2012] SGHC 198

Case Number| :| Suit No 285 of 2010 (Summons No 805 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 02 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the plaintiff;
Elaine Tay Ling Yan and Wong Ying Shuang (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the defendants  
Parties| :|  Pacific Chemicals Pte Ltd — MSIG Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd
and another  
  
2 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore. It manufactures and
trades in petrochemical and related products including phthalic acid (“PA”)
which it manufactures at a plant at 36 Tuas Road (“the Plant”). PA is an
industrial chemical needed in the manufacture of flexible PVC products, alkyd
resin, dyes, pigments and unsaturated polyester resin. The Plaintiff sells PA
in both its molten and solid forms. The 1st Defendant is a Singapore-
incorporated insurance company while the 2nd Defendant is a company
incorporated in Japan that is registered as a general insurer in Singapore
under the Insurance Act (Cap 142, 2002 Rev Ed). The Plaintiff entered into a
Fire Industrial All Risks Insurance Policy (Policy No MSD/FIAR/06-001865)
(“the Policy”) with the 1st and 2nd Defendants (collectively referred to as
“the Defendants”) as co-insurers. The 1st and 2nd Defendants were liable under
the Policy in the proportion of 70% to 30% respectively. The Policy was issued
on 3 May 2006 and covered, _inter alia_ , loss and damage to property of the
Plaintiff. The period of coverage was from 1 April 2006 to 31 March 2007. An
endorsement to the Policy (Endorsement No MSD/FIAR/06-001865-02) (“the
Endorsement”) dated 7 June 2006 was also issued and applied with effect from 1
April 2006 to 31 March 2007.

2 The hearing before me concerned a trial on preliminary issues of law. The
Plaintiff filed its Writ of Summons on 23 April 2010 to claim an indemnity
under the Policy for two incidents which occurred at the Plant. On 21 February
2012, the Plaintiff applied by Summons No 805 of 2012 (“Sum 805/2012”) for a
trial on preliminary issues of law under O 33 r 2 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). The Defendants consented to Sum 805/2012. The
preliminary issues to be tried before me are set out verbatim as follows:

(a) Whether, on a proper construction of item 2(ii) of [the Endorsement] under
the [the Policy], both issued by the 1st and 2nd Defendants on 7 June 2006 and
3 May 2006 respectively, the Defendants are not liable to indemnify the
Plaintiff for any loss or damage to the catalysts in the reactor tubes of the
Plaintiff’s [PA] Reactor D-14, under the circumstances pleaded at paragraphs 8
to 13 of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) filed on 1 March 2012;

(b) Whether, in the circumstances of the present case in which a cold shut
down of the Plaintiff’s PA plant was implemented and having regard to:-

(i) the factual observations made in the reports rendered by the experts
and/or consultants and/or advisors engaged by the Defendants;

(ii) the agreed facts as set out in Schedule I annexed [to Sum 805/2012]; and

(iii) the agreed factual assumptions as set out in Schedule II annexed [to Sum
805/2012]:

(A) the loss, destruction and/or damage arising from the solidification of the
molten PA which was in the PA storage tank T-501 on 7 June 2006 (“the Residual
PA”) can be said to:

(I) constitute “unforeseen and sudden physical loss or damage”, so as to be
covered under Section I of the Policy; and/or

(II) be caused by or arise from “change in temperature” or “inadequate
operation of...heating system”, so as to be excluded from coverage by virtue
of General Exclusion 4(d) of the Policy.

(B) the loss, destruction and/or damage arising from the implosion of the Tank
can be said to:

(I) constitute “unforeseen and sudden physical loss or damage”, so as to be
covered under Section I of the Policy; and/or

(II) be caused by or arise from “change in temperature” or “inadequate
operation of...heating system”, so as to be excluded from coverage by virtue
of General Exclusion 4(d) of the Policy.

(c) Whether the PA in the Tank constitutes “property being worked on”, so that
the loss, destruction and/or damage caused by the solidification of the
Residual PA is excluded from coverage under the Policy by virtue of sub-clause
(k) under the heading “Property Excluded Under Section I” of the Policy.

3 Two incidents occurred at the Plant that became the subject of this Suit. I
now refer to the first incident. Crude PA is manufactured in the Plaintiff’s
PA Reactor D-14 (“the Reactor”) in the Plant. After the crude PA is purified
and distilled, it is transferred and stored in the PA storage tank T-501 (“the
Tank”) which is heated at 150ºC to keep the PA in a molten state. Dr J H
Burgoyne & Partners (International) Ltd (“Burgoynes”), a firm instructed by
the Defendants’ loss adjusters, Cunningham Lindsey (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(“Cunningham”), to investigate the two incidents, observed in a report dated 1
August 2006 that nitrogen gas was continuously introduced into the Tank to
displace the oxygen moisture in the Tank and prevent formation of acids. The
nitrogen gas left the Tank through a vent line (which was a steel pipe of
about 2” in diameter at the roof of the Tank) and it was then ventilated into
the atmosphere. On 8 May 2006, a cooling circuit control valve in the Plant
malfunctioned. The Reactor overheated and shut down automatically. The Reactor
contained 9,733 tubes filled with catalysts, specifically aluminium carriers
containing vanadium pentoxide. The catalysts were exposed to excessive heat,
melted and were damaged. According to the Plaintiff, investigations were
carried out on the Reactor and the Plant with the assistance of PA Consultants
GmbH, a company specialising in PA operations. The Plaintiff claimed that on
22 June 2006, Dr Supot Kalanon (the Plaintiff’s representative), PA
Consultants GmbH, Cunningham and Burgoynes agreed that the tubes should be
drained of catalysts and refilled. The Plaintiff entered into an agreement
dated 18 September 2006 with Hudson Delphi Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd
(“Hudson”) to drain and refill the tubes. The Plaintiff paid Hudson
S$1,952,116.90 for this work. The Plaintiff now claims an indemnity for the
amount paid to Hudson and business interruption costs, less US$600,000 (being
an interim payment made by the Defendants to the Plaintiff without admission
of liability).

4 I turn now to the second incident. Although production of the crude PA
ceased after the first incident, the Plaintiff continued to purify and distil
the crude PA that was already produced. The purification and distillation
process was completed and most of the purified molten PA was transported out
of the Plant by 31 May 2006. The Plaintiff then decided to implement a cold
shut down of the Plant. Before doing so, the Plaintiff had to transfer the
molten PA in the Tank to a tank truck with a heating facility to keep the
molten PA from solidifying. It was not disputed that the molten PA could not
be discharged completely from the Tank because of the location of the outlet
from the Tank, and it was expected that some molten PA would be left in the
Tank (_ie_ the Residual PA). The maximum amount of Residual PA was expected to
be no more than 100 metric tonnes. The parties agreed that the Residual PA
could only be removed by lowering the temperature in the Tank to below 131ºC
to solidify the molten PA. The PA flakes would then be dug out manually from
the Tank and sold. The equipment gauge reflected the amount of Residual PA in
the Tank as 100 metric tonnes. The Plaintiff relied on the reading on the
equipment gauge and turned off the heating system of the Tank on 4 June 2006.
However the equipment gauge malfunctioned and the actual amount of Residual PA
was 476 metric tonnes instead of 100 metric tonnes. The solidified Residual PA
was dug out and sold. The Plaintiff now claims, _inter alia_ , the difference
in the proceeds it could have obtained if the additional 376 metric tonnes of
Residual PA was extracted before the cold shut down and sold in molten form
rather than solid form. Molten PA fetches a higher price per unit than
solidified PA.

5 The Tank was also damaged. On 7 June 2006, the Plaintiff turned off the
entire heating system of Tank including the heating system for the vent line
in implementing the cold shut down. It is assumed for present purposes that
the heating system of the Tank could not be shut down partially so as to keep
the heating system for the vent line operating. The gases within the Tank
contracted as they cooled. Under normal circumstances, the vent line would
have allowed gas to be drawn into the Tank to prevent negative pressure from
being generated within the Tank during the cooling process. However, due to
the shutting down of the heating system of the Tank, the temperature in the
vent line dropped below the melting temperature of PA vapour. PA vapour in the
Tank and vent line solidified and blocked the vent line. Excessive negative
pressure thus built up inside the Tank and it buckled inwards. The Plaintiff
now claims the costs of dismantling and repairing the Tank.

6 The Defendants claim that they are not liable to indemnify the Plaintiff for
loss and/or damage to the catalysts in the 9,733 tubes because such loss
and/or damage is excluded under item 2(ii) of the Endorsement. The Endorsement
provides that:

The Policy is extended to include any unforeseen and sudden physical loss
destruction or damage (hereinafter called Damaged or Damage) to Property
Insured necessitating repair or replacement due to causes such as defects in
casting material, faulty design... or any other cause not specifically
excluded hereinafter.

Item 2(ii) of the Endorsement states:

2\. The Insurer(s) will not indemnify the Insured for:

...

ii) loss of/or damage to belt, ropes, wires, chains, rubber tyres, dies or
exchangeable tools, engraved cylinders, objects made of glass, felts, sieves
or fabrics, operating media eg lubricants, fuels catalysts.

Other than a bare denial at paragraph 5 of the Plaintiff’s Reply and Defence
to Counterclaim (Amendment No 2) filed on 26 March 2012, the Plaintiff did not
dispute the Defendants’ argument that damage to the catalysts was excluded by
item 2(ii) of the Endorsement. Before me, Mr Ling submitted that the
Endorsement did not apply because it was issued after the first incident
occurred. Ms Tay argued that although the Endorsement was dated 7 June 2006,
the Endorsement declared the parties’ agreement at the time the Policy was
issued that loss and/or damage arising from breakdown of machinery would be
covered under the Policy. Mr Ling did not dispute this nor did he argue that
the catalysts in question were not “fuel catalysts”. In the absence of
submissions to the contrary, I find that loss and/or damage to the catalysts
was excluded by item 2(ii) of the Endorsement.

7 As for the loss, destruction and/or damage arising from the solidification
of the Residual PA, the Defendants claim that they are not liable to indemnify
the Plaintiff for three reasons. The first argument was that such loss and/or
damage was not unforeseen and sudden within the meaning of Section I of the
Policy. Section I of the Policy provides that:

If during the Period of Insurance the Property Insured or any part thereof
shall be lost destroyed or damaged by unforeseen and sudden physical loss or
damage other than those specified in the Exclusions the Company will pay to
the Insured the value of the property at the time of the happening of the los
or destruction or the amount of such damage or at its option reinstate or
repair such property or any part thereof.

The Plaintiff contends that the phrase “unforeseen and sudden physical loss or
damage” refers to a “loss and damage of something else (not specified) which
in turn causes the loss and damage of the subject matter insured”. Mr Ling
argued that it was the cause rather than the physical loss or damage that must
be unforeseen and sudden. Mr Ling argued that but for the breakdown or
malfunction of the equipment gauge, 376 metric tonnes of molten PA would have
been extracted from the storage tank before the cold shut down was implemented
and only 100 metric tonnes would have solidified. The malfunction of the
equipment gauge was an unforeseen and sudden cause of the Plaintiff’s loss. Ms
Tay, in contrast, submitted that it is the physical loss or damage itself
rather than the cause that must be sudden and unforeseen.

8 I agree with Ms Tay. The words of Section I of the Policy state that it is
the loss or damage that must be sudden and unforeseen, rather than the cause
thereof. Loss or damage which results from an unforeseen cause may (more often
than not) be also unforeseen, but the nature of the loss or damage that
results may itself not be sudden. It is the nature of the physical loss or
damage that is the focus of the inquiry in this case. I agree with the view of
the Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory in _Vee H Aviation Pty
Ltd v Australian Aviation Underwriting Pool Pty Ltd_ (No SC 61 of 1995) (“
_Vee H Aviation_ ”) in which it drew a distinction between the nature and
cause of the loss or damage. In _Vee H Aviation_ , the policy provided that
the defendant would indemnify the plaintiff for the costs of rectification
arising from a “Breakdown” of the plaintiff’s aircraft engine. Breakdown was
defined as “sudden and unforeseen damage resulting from (a) Breaking seizing
or burning out of Aircraft Engine parts, vibration, ... excessive electrical
current or voltage, failure of insulation, short circuit or arcing... (b)
Failure of protecting, measuring or regulative devices or failure of or
failing in connected equipment of any Aircraft Engine.” The Supreme Court of
the Australian Capital Territory noted (at [17]) that:

In the present policy, it is the damage that must be sudden. The definition
clearly contemplates that the cause of the damage may be something that has
been taking place over a period of time, such as the wearing out or loosening
of a part, or fatigue. ... The definition of Breakdown used in this particular
policy required that the damage, as distinct from the cause of it, should be
both sudden and unforeseen. ...

(a) The High Court (Kuala Lumpur) in _Bina Puri Sdn Bhd v MUI Continental
Insurance Bhd (formerly known as MUI Continental Insurance Sdn Bhd)_ [2010] 1
MLJ 347 (“ _Bina Puri_ ”) at [88]–[92] and the Supreme Court of Appeal of
South Africa in _African Products (Pty) Ltd v AIG South Africa Limited_ [2009]
ZASCA 27 (“ _African Products_ ”) at [24]–[25] were also of the view that
where the words “sudden and unforeseen physical loss or damage ... from any
cause” are used, the court examines the nature of the loss or damage
separately from its cause. The Plaintiff relied on the Supreme Court of
Washington’s decision in _Anderson & Middleton Lumber Company v Lumbermen’s
Mutual Casualty Company_ 333 Pacific Report (2d) 938 (1959) (“ _Anderson_ ”)
in arguing that there was nothing in the Policy to suggest that it was not
intended to cover loss or damage resulting from a gradual cause. I am of the
view that _Anderson_ does not support and in fact undermines the Plaintiff’s
argument. The policy in _Anderson_ protected the insured against loss
occasioned by an accident, “defined as sudden and accidental breaking of the
bandsaw wheel, or any part thereof...”. The Supreme Court of Washington
focused on the nature of the breaking and cracking of the wheel and considered
whether it was “sudden” rather than the cause of the breakage. The insured in
that case also argued that the contract was concerned with “the result, and
not... the cause of the accident”. Mr Ling contends that “deductibles
applicable to Section 1 of the Policy set out in the Policy Schedule include
loss in respect of ‘Fraudulent or Dishonest Act of Employees’... which can
hardly be considered to be an instantaneous event”. This argument does not
detract from fact that coverage under Section I of the Policy pertains to
unforeseen and sudden physical loss or damage.

9 The word “unforeseen” is commonly understood to mean “unexpected” or
“unanticipated”. The parties agreed that the inquiry is a subjective one, _ie_
whether the loss or damage was foreseen by the insured. Although courts in
some cases appear to use “unforeseen” and “unforeseeable” interchangeably (see
example, _Bina Puri_ at [20]), this can be misleading as “unforeseeable”,
unlike “unforeseen”, is an objective term. The New South Wales Court of Appeal
drew a distinction between “unforeseen” and “unforeseeable” in _L’Union
Assurances de Paris IARD v Sun Alliance Insurance Ltd_ [1995] NSWCA 539:

“Unforeseen” does not mean “unforeseeable” either as a matter of language or
law. The former is subjective and speaks of the mind of the insured. The
latter is objective and speaks of the object of perception or thought. ...

As for “sudden”, Mr Ling argued that “sudden” should be interpreted as having
the same meaning as “unforeseen”. In _Anderson_ , the breaking and cracking of
the bandsaw wheel was gradual rather than instantaneous. The defendant thus
argued such loss or damage was not covered under the policy. The Supreme Court
of Washington considered whether “sudden” should be interpreted as meaning
“instantaneous” or “unforeseen and unexpected” and chose the latter (at
[2]–[4]):

The word “sudden” was, of course, placed in the contract for a purpose. Is it
more reasonable to assume that it was placed there to show an intent to
exclude coverage of a break which did not happen instantaneously, or to
exclude coverage of a break which was unforeseen and therefore unavoidable?
... A contract of insurance should be construed to effectuate its purpose...
The cause [of the loss or damage] is not, nor is the result, one which not is
claimed is excluded. It is only contended that the result in order to be
within the coverage of the policy, must have happened instantaneously. We do
not so construe the word “sudden,” when its primary meaning, in common usage,
is not “instantaneous” but rather “unforeseen and unexpected.”

In contrast, the courts in _Vee H Aviation_ and _African Products_ took the
view that “sudden” should not be construed as having the same meaning as
“unforeseen”. The Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory in _Vee H
Aviation_ held:

“Sudden”, to my mind, is to be contrasted with “gradual. Synonyms are “abrupt”
and “quick”. It is often a connotation of the word that the event it describes
should be “unforeseen” or “unexpected”, or “without warning” but those words,
alone or in conjunction, do not express its denotation. An event may be sudden
even though it is foreseen and expected. ... The definition of Breakdown used
in this particular policy required that the damage, as distinct from the cause
of it, should be both sudden and unforeseen. That requirement is not
tautologous. The words have different meanings, and the requirements that they
express are cumulative.

The Supreme Court of Appeal of South Africa in _African Products_ took a
similar interpretation to “sudden”, affirming that courts should “be slow to
conclude that words in a single document are tautologous and superfluous”
(_African Products_ at [13] and [19]). I agree with the courts’ views in _Vee
H Aviation_ and _African Products_. I would add that the question whether
damage is sudden is one to be determined from an objective viewpoint rather
than the subjective one of the insured (see also _African Products at_ [22]).

10 The Defendants argued that the solidification of the Residual PA was not
unforeseen and that the Plaintiff knew and intended to solidify the Residual
PA in the Tank by implementing a cold shut down (and thus lowering the
temperature in Tank). As for the presence of the additional 376 metric tonnes
of Residual PA, Ms Tay argued that it is the type of damage or loss that must
be “unforeseen and sudden” rather than the extent of the damage or loss. The
376 metric tonnes of Residual PA only went to the extent of the loss. She
relied on _Henry A Kuckenberg, Harriet Kuckenberg and Lawrence Kuckenberg,
Doing Business as Kuckenberg Construction Co v Hartford Accident & Indemnity
Company_ 226 F 2d 225 (9th Cir, 1955) (“ _Hartford_ ”) for that proposition.
The insured in that case was engaged to construct a highway along a
mountainside. The policy protected the insured against liability for damage
“caused by accident”. As part of the operations, the insured had to carry out
extensive blasting of the rocky slope and remove trees, boulders and masses of
rubble. Substantial damage to a nearby railroad line was a “normal and
anticipated consequence” of the operations. The blasting dislodged much more
rock and dirt than the insured calculated. Attempts to scoop up loose material
also caused huge boulders to roll down and damage the railroad line. The
contractor claimed that the damage that resulted was extraordinary and
different from the normal and anticipated damage. The United States Court of
Appeal for the Ninth Circuit rejected this argument and held at 226–227 that:

[It was] at least an unimpeachable finding that substantial damage of the very
type which occurred was a normal and probable consequence of such blasting and
clearing as the contractor undertook. ... It is true that courts construing
insurance contracts have differed in judgment whether the fact that the
responsible cause is an intentional act suffices in itself to preclude the
resulting injury from being ‘accidental’ damage... But if, in addition to
being intentional, the harmful conduct is reasonably calculated to cause
substantial damage of the very sort that occurs, all courts seem to recognise
that the damage is outside the insured risk. The fact that the injury is more
extensive than had been anticipated does not suffice to make the damage
accidental.

I do not agree that that view in _Hartford_ should be taken as a general rule
that whenever the loss appears to go to the extent rather than the nature of
the loss that such loss would not be regarded as sudden and unforeseen. The
court’s views in _Hartford_ must be read in light of the facts. In that case,
substantial damage to the railroad line was a normal and anticipated
consequence of the blasting. The fact that more rock and dirt and loose
material fell onto the railroad line than expected did not detract from the
fact that the damage to the railroad line was within the insured’s
expectation. The policy in fact provided for the “eventuality” of damage to
the railroad line. The court was understandably not persuaded that the loss
and damage was damage caused by accident. In the present case, it does not
seem to me that it was within the Plaintiff’s expectation that the 476 metric
tonnes of molten PA would solidify. The Plaintiff did not foresee the presence
of the additional 376 metric tonnes of the Residual PA in the Tank because in
the normal circumstances (if the equipment gauge was in working order), the
Tank would have been drained of Residual PA leaving only 100 metric tonnes of
Residual PA. The additional 376 metric tonnes of Residual PA was left in the
Tank because the Plaintiff relied on the reading on the equipment gauge, not
knowing that it was erroneous. The solidification of the 476 metric tonnes of
Residual PA was not a foreseen consequence of the lowering of the temperature
in the Tank. However, I agree with the Defendants that the solidification of
the Residual PA in the Tank was not sudden. The parties accepted that the
solidification took place over a period of time. The Plaintiff did not argue,
nor did the evidence before me reveal, that the solidification took place
based quickly.

11 As for the damage to the Tank, it was not seriously disputed that the loss
and/or damage was unforeseen. The Defendants’ arguments were instead focused
on the loss and/or damage not being sudden. Cunningham stated in its letter
dated 13 June 2006 to the Defendants that “[o]n Wednesday 7th June 2006, at
about midday, personnel noticed that [the Tank] was starting to buckle, this
occurring quite rapidly, such that partial caving in of the 10 metre diameter
[walls of the Tank] resulted. This was arrested by introducing liquid
nitrogen, but not before significant damage had occurred...”. Cunningham added
in its preliminary report of 26 June 2006 that although “liquid nitrogen used
for blanketing [the Tank] was increased... [the Tank] continued to sustain
structural damage”. The Defendants argued that “sudden” connotes a certain
degree of instantaneity and the deformation of the Tank, although rapid, took
place incrementally and progressively. I do not think that the word “sudden”
necessarily requires the damage to be “instantaneous”. Although it is not
clear whether the Tank continued to buckle over a period of time, it appears
that the initial caving in of the Tank happened rapidly. In my view, the
Plaintiff has shown that the loss and/or damage to the Tank was “sudden”.

12 The Defendants’ next argument in relation to the loss or damage arising
from the solidification of the Residual PA and the implosion of the Tank was
that such loss was caused by or arose from a “change in temperature” or
“inadequate operation of heating system” and was thus excluded from coverage
by General Exclusion 4(d). General Exclusion 4(d) of the Policy states:

4\. This Policy does not cover any loss destruction or damage (other than by
Fire or Explosion) caused by or arising from:

...

(d) change in temperature or humidity failure or inadequate operation (or any
valation in temperature of an air-conditioning cooling or heating system)

Ms Tay submitted that the loss, destruction or damage concerned here was not
caused by “Fire or Explosion”. An implosion is clearly not the same as an
explosion. Staughton J in _Commonwealth Smelting Ltd v Guardian Royal Exchange
assurance Ltd_ [1984] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 608 at 612 held that “explosion” meant “an
event that is violent, noisy and ... caused by a very rapid chemical or
nuclear reaction, or bursting out of gas or vapour under pressure”. The court
in _Aegis Electrical and Gas International Services Company Ltd v Continental
Casualty Company_ [2007] EWHC 1762 cited Staughton J’s views with approval,
and articulated “explosion” as connoting “manifest violence of a kind ... a
shattering destruction”. In contrast, implosion or buckling inwards in this
case was caused by excessive negative pressure within the Tank rather than the
bursting of gas or vapour under pressure.

13 The question is whether the loss or damage arising in the case of the
Residual PA and the Tank was caused by or arose from a “change in temperature”
or “inadequate operation” of the heating system of the Tank. It is established
that in the context of insurance contracts, the words “caused by” and “arising
from” mean the “proximate” cause (_Leyland Shipping Company, Limited v Norwich
Union Fire Insurance Society, Limited_ [1918] AC 350 (“ _Leyland Shipping_ ”)
at 365 and 469). The High Court in _Kin Yuen Co Pte Ltd v Lombard Insurance Co
Ltd and others_ [1994] SGHC 83 (“ _Kin Yuen_ ”) (at [41]) endorsed the
following passages by Lord Shaw of Dunfermline in _Leyland Shipping_ (at 369):

To treat proxima causa as the cause which is nearest in time is out of the
question. Causes are spoken of as if they were as distinct from one another as
beads in a row or links in a chain, but – if this metaphysical topic has to be
referred to – it is not wholly so. The chain of causation is a handy
expression, but the figure is inadequate. Causation is not a chain, but a net.
At each point influences, forces, events, precedent and simultaneous, meet;
and the radiation from each point extends infinitely. At the point where these
various influences meet it is for the judgment as upon a matter of fact to
declare which of the causes thus joined at the point of effect was the
proximate and which was the remote cause.

... The cause which is truly proximate is that which is proximate in
efficiency. That efficiency may have been preserved although other causes may
meantime have sprung up which have yet not destroyed it, or truly impaired it,
and it may culminate in a result of which it still remains the real efficient
cause to which the event can be ascribed.

Lawton J in _Miss Jay Jay; JJ Lloyd Instruments Ltd v Northern Star Insurance
Co Ltd_ [1987] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 32 at 37 also noted that “[t]here may be a number
of causes, some making a bigger contribution to the loss than others. ...
[T]he insurer is only liable for losses proximately caused by a peril insured
against”. It is possible that there could be two concurrent and proximate
causes of a loss, and if one of the proximate causes is an excepted cause,
then the insurer will not be liable for the loss (_Kin Yuen_ at [43] affirming
_Wayne Tank and Pump Co Ltd v Employers Liability Assurance Corporation Ltd_
[1974] QB 57 (“ _Wayne Tank_ ”) at 67). This is so if there were “two causes
equal or nearly equal in their efficiency in bringing about the damage”
(_Wayne Tank_ at 67 per Lord Denning MR). In _Wayne Tank_ , equipment
installed by the insured caught fire and destroyed the factory in which it was
installed. The court had to determine whether such damage was caused by the
nature or condition of goods supplied by the insured and was thus excluded
from coverage under the policy. The court identified two causes of the damage:
(1) the insured installed a pipeline of plastic material wrapped with heating
tape that was a fire hazard when heated up, and (2) the insured’s employee
switched on the heating tape and left it unattended overnight before the
equipment had been tested. Lord Denning MR and Roskill LJ were of the view
that the proximate cause was the dangerous nature of the material wrapped
around the pipeline. In the alternative, they held that there were two
proximate causes of the loss and since loss by one of the causes was excluded,
the insured could not claim an indemnity for that loss. Cairns LJ on the other
hand was of the view that both causes were approximately equal in
effectiveness in bringing about the loss. Here, the Plaintiff attributes the
loss arising from the solidification of the additional 376 metric tonnes of
Residual PA to the malfunctioning of the equipment gauge. The Defendants
unsurprisingly argue that the solidification of the Residual PA was caused by
“inadequate operation” of the heating system or a “change in temperature”. Mr
Ling argues that although the solidification of the Residual PA was caused by
a “change in temperature” or “inadequate operation” of the heating system,
General Exclusion 4(d) does not apply because the solidification of the
Residual PA was not the damage for which it was claiming an indemnity. It was
claiming the difference in the proceeds obtained had the 376 of the 476 metric
tonnes of Residual PA been extracted and sold as molten PA instead. The
Plaintiff’s argument is confusing because it seems to me that the Plaintiff is
in fact making a claim for physical loss and damage to property under the
Policy which it submits is quantifiable in monetary terms. In any event, I
find that the proximate cause of the loss arising from the solidification of
the 476 metric tonnes of molten PA was the malfunctioning of the equipment
gauge and not a “change in temperature” or the “inadequate operation” of the
heating system. In fact, the former led to the Plaintiff’s decision to turn
off the heating system of the Tank. In that sense, the causes were not
concurrent. It was the malfunctioning of the equipment gauge that ultimately
resulted in the damage in question. The Defendants’ argument that the
solidification of the molten PA arose because of a “change in temperature”
misses the point. While it may be that the change in physical state of the
Residual PA in the Tank was due to a change in temperature, the very reason
why an additional 376 metric tonnes of molten PA was left in the Tank was
because the Plaintiff relied on an erroneous reading on the equipment gauge
and thus the mistaken belief that the Tank only contained 100 metric tonnes of
molten PA. On this belief, it proceeded to shut down the heating system of the
Tank. The effective cause of the loss was thus the malfunctioning of the
equipment gauge rather than the change in temperature.

14 In contrast, I am satisfied that the damage to the Tank was caused by a
“change in temperature” and would thus be excluded from coverage by General
Exclusion 4(d) of the Policy. Cunningham stated in its preliminary report
dated 26 June 2006 that:

[t]he cooling process [in the Tank] would have been accompanied by venting but
the operational error seems to be that when the steam to the steam heated vent
line was turned off, this had the effect of causing vapors to pass through a
cooler environment. ... [T]his had the effect of allowing PA flakes to
accumulate in the vent pipe, eventually blocking it. Internally within the
tank, the condensing vapours would have created a strong vacuum, thereby
initiating implosion of the tank structure.

The proximate cause of the Tank buckling inwards was the shutting down of the
heating system of the Tank and vent line. As stated in Burgoynes’ letter to
Cunningham dated 12 February 2007, under normal circumstances, negative
pressure created by the cooling of gases in the Tank would not have
accumulated because gas would have been drawn into the Tank through the vent
line to normalise the pressure in the Tank. As the heating system was shut, PA
vapour in the Tank and vent line solidified and blocked the vent line. Gas
could not be drawn in. Excessive negative pressure was thus generated and
caused the Tank to buckle inwards.

15 The Defendants’ final argument was that loss and damage arising from the
solidification of the Residual PA was excluded because the Residual PA
constituted “property being worked on” and coverage was excluded under sub-
clause (k) of “Property Excluded Under Section I” of the Policy that states:

This Policy does not cover loss or destruction of or damage to

...

(k) property being worked on and directly arising from any process of
manufacture repairs alteration or servicing but the Company shall be liable
for other damage insured by this Policy and resulting from such cause.

The Defendants argue that the molten PA in the Tank was property that the
Plaintiff was “working on”. Ms Tay submitted that an “all-risks” policy
usually excludes loss caused by a manufacturer’s actions in processing raw
materials to finished products and sub-clause (k) was thus included in the
Policy (see John Hanson and Christopher Henley, _All Risks Property Insurance_
(Lloyd’s of London Press, 2nd Ed, 1999) at p 137). Given that the Plaintiff
intended to lower the temperature of the Tank to solidify the molten PA, the
Residual PA was not in the final and eventual state that the Plaintiff
envisaged it to be and work was still being done on it. The lowering of the
temperature in the Tank altered the physical state of the PA and the
solidification of the Residual PA was loss and/or damage arising from a
“process of alteration”. Mr Ling contends that the molten PA in the Tank was
in fact the finished product that the Plaintiff intended to sell to customers
once it had been extracted from the Tank. The PA was produced at a separate
production facility in the Plant and it was only transferred to the Tank for
storage. The purified molten PA in the Tank thus could not be considered to be
“property being worked on” but was the final product that the Plaintiff
envisaged it to be. I agree with Mr Ling. One had to examine the commercial
purpose of sub-clause (k). That clause was, in the Defendants’ words, intended
to exclude damage to stock undergoing any process of production. The learned
authors of _Insurance Disputes_ (Informa, 3rd Ed, 2011) at paragraphs 19.36
and 19.47 also noted that insurance policies for commercial property typically
exclude “damage resulting from stock or materials undergoing any process of
reduction, packing, treatment, commissioning test or testing”. The molten PA
in Tank was a product in its eventual state as envisaged by the Plaintiff
rather than “property being worked on”. It was not property undergoing a
process of conversion to its eventual state. After the Reactor overheated, the
Plaintiff decided to implement the cold shut down and it was inevitable that
any molten PA in the Tank that could not be extracted would solidify during
the cooling process. The cooling of the Residual PA could not be considered to
be part of the process of bringing the PA to its intended eventual state. I am
thus of the view that sub-clause (k) of “Property Excluded under Section I” of
the Policy would not apply.

16 My determination on the preliminary issues are thus as follows:

(a) [2(a)]: Yes, the Defendants are not liable.

(b) [2(b)(iii)(A)(I)]: The loss, destruction and/or damage was unforeseen but
not sudden.

(c) [2(b)(iii)(A)(II)]: No, the loss, destruction and/or damage was not caused
by and did not arise from a change in temperature” or “inadequate operation
of...heating system”.

(d) [2(b)(iii)(B)(I)]: No, the loss, destruction and/or damage was unforeseen
and sudden.

(e) [2(b)(iii)(B)(II)]: Yes, the loss, destruction and/or damage was caused by
or arose from a change in temperature” or “inadequate operation of...heating
system”.

(f) [2(c)]: No, the PA in the Tank was not “property being worked on”.

Hence, by reason of the above determination, the Plaintiff cannot claim an
indemnity for the loss, destruction and/or damage to the catalysts, PA and the
Tank arising from the two incidents. I will hear parties on costs at a later
date if parties cannot agree on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

