Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  _Re_ Andrews Geraldine Mary QC  
[2012] SGHC 229

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 589 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Narayanan Vijya Kumar (Vijay & Co) for the plaintiff in
Suit No 453 of 2009; Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan and Lin Shumin (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the defendants in Suit No 453 of 2009; Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck
SC, Dominic Zou Wen Xi and Cheryl Siew May Yee (Attorney-General's Chambers)
for the Attorney-General; Christopher Anand s/o Daniel (Advocatus Law LLP),
Alvin Chen and Harjean Kaur for the Law Society of Singapore.  
Parties| :|  Re Andrews Geraldine Mary QC  
  
15 November 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA:

Introduction

1 This application is made pursuant to s 15 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the current LPA”) for Ms Geraldine Mary Andrews QC (“the
Applicant”) to be admitted as an advocate and solicitor of Singapore for the
purpose of representing one Ng Chee Weng (“the Plaintiff”) in the hearing of
Suit No 453 of 2009 (“Suit 453/2009”), including in any appeals therefrom. It
is opposed by all the statutorily identified interested parties. As this is
the first application under the new _ad hoc_ admission scheme for Queen’s
Counsel or foreign counsel holding an appointment of equivalent distinction
(collectively referred to hereafter as “foreign senior counsel”) introduced
earlier this year, I attempt to explain here how the applicable provisions
ought to be construed and might be applied. It appears to me, after
considering counsel’s submissions, that there has been a serious
misapprehension as to the real extent of the change brought about by the new
_ad hoc_ admission scheme. A formulaic approach no longer applies in assessing
the merits of an application for _ad hoc_ admission. The court’s discretion to
admit a foreign senior counsel is now to be exercised after considering
holistically all the matters identified as relevant, and not primarily by
assessing the complexity of the case. Complexity of the case is no longer a
threshold requirement that must be satisfied in every _ad hoc_ admission
application. Lamentably, there has been undue reliance on outdated case law by
counsel. The Bar and court users may therefore find it helpful if there is
further elucidation of the matters which the court may consider in similar
applications in future.

The facts

2 On 26 May 2009, the Plaintiff commenced Suit 453/2009 against Bryan Lim Jit
Ming (“the First Defendant”) and Teo Soo Geok Josephine (collectively, “the
Defendants”). The Plaintiff claimed that a portion of the dividends declared
by SinCo Technologies Pte Ltd (“the Company”) between 2003 and 2007, amounting
to about $8.88m, were due to him from the Defendants because they held certain
shares in the Company on trust for him with effect from April 2002. For
convenience, I will refer to this claim as “the original cause of action”.

3 When the Plaintiff commenced Suit 453/2009 on 26 May 2009, he was
represented by Mr Peter Low (“Mr Low”) from Colin Ng & Partners LLP.[note: 1]
The Defendants were then, and are still, represented by Mr Cavinder Bull SC
(“Mr Bull”) from Drew & Napier LLC (“D&N”).

4 On 3 June 2009, the Defendants applied to strike out various paragraphs in
the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“SOC”) and in two affidavits supporting
the Plaintiff’s application for a Mareva injunction. This was on the basis
that the paragraphs in question disclosed “without prejudice” communications
between the Plaintiff and the Defendants for the purpose of settlement of the
dispute. The SOC contained paragraphs which referred to settlement discussions
between the Plaintiff and the First Defendant, but stopped short of alleging
that a settlement agreement had been reached. On 14 July 2009, a High Court
judge struck out the paragraphs in question: see _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming
Bryan and Another_ [2010] SGHC 35 (“ _Ng Chee Weng (HC)_ ”).

5 On 31 July 2009, Mr Low, on behalf of the Plaintiff, filed an appeal in
Civil Appeal No 93 of 2009 (“CA 93/2009”) against the decision of the High
Court judge allowing the Defendants’ striking-out applications. Sometime in
February or March 2010, the Plaintiff discharged Mr Low and instructed Mr
Narayanan Vijya Kumar (“Mr Vijya”) from Vijay and Co to represent him in Suit
453/2009 and CA 93/2009. The basis of this appointment was that Mr Vijya would
only act as his solicitor, and would assist him in securing an able advocate
who would be able to “stand up” to Mr Bull and ensure that his claim was
properly presented. Mr Vijya in turn instructed Mr Roderick Edward Martin (“Mr
Martin”) to prepare for and argue CA 93/2009.[note: 2] Mr Martin, it bears
mention, is an experienced and well-regarded counsel who was subsequently
appointed a Senior Counsel in January 2011.

6 At the hearing of CA 93/2009 on 17 May 2010, Mr Martin presented to the
Court of Appeal the Plaintiff’s proposed amendment to the SOC to plead a claim
to enforce a settlement agreement as an alternative claim to the original
cause of action (“the First Proposed Amendment”). In the First Proposed
Amendment, the Plaintiff pleaded in the alternative that settlement
negotiations had concluded in a settlement agreement under which the
Defendants agreed to pay him $4.5m. The Court of Appeal adjourned the hearing
to 19 May 2010 for further submissions on whether the First Proposed Amendment
should be allowed. On 19 May 2010, after hearing Mr Martin, the Court of
Appeal dismissed the Plaintiff’s appeal in CA 93/2009 and disallowed the First
Proposed Amendment. It, however, subsequently issued an addendum on 21 May
2010 (“the Addendum”) to clarify the consequences of its decision.

7 In the Addendum, the Court of Appeal stated that the dismissal of CA 93/2009
did not preclude the Plaintiff from applying for leave to make further
amendments to the SOC. However, the Court of Appeal reiterated that leave to
make any proposed amendment in the precise form and sequence as that of the
First Proposed Amendment would not be granted because it had already ruled
that the First Proposed Amendment was not in order. The Court of Appeal also
observed that the admissibility of evidence pertaining to “without prejudice”
negotiations would still have to be assessed with reference to the form of the
pleadings before the court, whether presently or as amended in future, and
that the dismissal of CA 93/2009 did not mean that such evidence would be
inadmissible under any circumstances.

8 Thereafter, Mr Martin did not want to continue acting as counsel for the
Plaintiff in Suit 453/2009.[note: 3] The Plaintiff immediately attempted to
find “a local senior counsel of commensurate experience in commercial
disputes”[note: 4] who would be prepared to represent him. Mr Vijya approached
two leading law firms, Wong Partnership (“WP”) and Allen & Gledhill LLP
(“A&G”). However, they informed him that they were conflicted out from acting
for the Plaintiff in Suit 453/2009.[note: 5]

9 Before Mr Vijya formally approached Rajah & Tann LLP (“R&T”) (which had
previously informed him informally that it was also in a position of legal
conflict), Professor Tan Cheng Han SC (“Prof Tan”) agreed to represent the
Plaintiff. Mr Vijya felt then that there was no need to look elsewhere for
local counsel to represent the Plaintiff.[note: 6]

10 Concerned by his counsel’s persistent lack of success up to that point in
properly formulating his claim before an assistant registrar (“AR”), the High
Court and the Court of Appeal, the Plaintiff also concurrently sought the
advice of foreign senior counsel.[note: 7] An approach was made to the
Applicant, who accepted his instructions and reformulated the pleadings. The
reformulated pleadings were eventually accepted by the Court of Appeal as
disclosing viable causes of action (see [13] below).

11 On 23 August 2010, the Plaintiff applied via Summons No 3969 of 2010 (“SUM
3969/2010”) for leave to amend his SOC again. The proposed amendment this time
(“the Second Proposed Amendment”) reversed the order of pleading the
Plaintiff’s causes of action. His primary claim now was that there was a
settlement agreement. Alternatively, if the court determined that there was no
settlement agreement, the Plaintiff claimed that he was entitled to the
dividends declared on the shares held by the Defendants on trust for him. The
AR who heard SUM 3969/2010 denied the Plaintiff leave to make the Second
Proposed Amendment. On 15 October 2010, a different High Court judge affirmed
the AR’s decision: see _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another_ [2011]
SGHC 120. The Plaintiff appealed to the Court of Appeal in Civil Appeal No 190
of 2010 (“CA 190/2010”). CA 190/2010 was heard on 15 August 2011.

12 At the hearings before the High Court and the Court of Appeal, the
Plaintiff was represented by Prof Tan. However, Prof Tan informed the
Plaintiff that he was only prepared to act for the Plaintiff in respect of the
application for leave to amend the SOC, and that he could not take on any
further role in the case because of his other commitments.[note: 8] The
Applicant, I note, drafted the Plaintiff’s submissions and arguments for these
hearings in consultation with Prof Tan.

13 On 18 November 2011, the Court of Appeal delivered its judgment allowing
the Plaintiff’s appeal: see _Ng Chee Weng v Lim Jit Ming Bryan and another_
[2012] 1 SLR 457 (“ _Ng Chee Weng (CA)_ ”). The Court of Appeal held that:

(a) The Plaintiff was not precluded from pleading inconsistent causes of
action in the alternative so long as the facts were not mixed up and were
stated separately in order to specify the facts upon which each cause of
action was based. This was what the Plaintiff did in the Second Proposed
Amendment, which was accordingly properly pleaded.

(b) The Plaintiff was not otherwise precluded from amending his pleadings.

(c) The Second Proposed Amendment disclosed a reasonable cause of action and
was not an abuse of the process of the court. Therefore, it was not liable to
be struck out under O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) or O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed).

The Court of Appeal also noted with dismay that the case had been seriously
(and, by implication, unnecessarily) delayed. It censoriously observed (at
[105] of _Ng Chee Weng (CA)_) that “ _more than two years ha[d] passed since
the commencement of the suit, yet the actual trial ha[d] not even begun_
_because_ _the [Defendants had] been_ _valiantly resisting every single
application of the [Plaintiff] at the interlocutory stage_ ” [emphasis added].
While, in fairness, I should add that the Defendants were of course not
responsible for the bewildering muddle in the Plaintiff’s pleadings, there can
be no doubt that the Defendants attempted to take all conceivable procedural
steps to peremptorily resolve this dispute in their favour. The Court of
Appeal, in allowing the appeal in _Ng Chee Weng (CA)_ , quite clearly
concluded in relation to the Second Proposed Amendment that these attempts
were mistaken. I shall return to this point later (see [81] and [87] below).

14 On 21 June 2012, Mr Vijya filed the present application for the _ad hoc_
admission of the Applicant. During the course of the hearing of this
application, Mr Vijya explained that he had filed the present application only
in June this year as he had required some time to consider the implications of
the amendments to s 15 of the current LPA that took effect from 1 April 2012
(collectively, “the 2012 Amendment”). In his supporting affidavit, Mr Vijya
stated that in the event that the present application was successful, he would
be acting as the Applicant’s instructing solicitor and would appear as her
junior at the trial.[note: 9]

15 At present, Suit 453/2009 is ready for hearing as discovery has been
completed and affidavits of evidence-in-chief have been exchanged. In fact,
trial dates have already been tentatively fixed for 26 November 2012 to 30
November 2012.

The amended pleadings

16 The Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 3) dated 2 December 2011
(“the SOC (No 3)”) alleged as follows:

(a) As at 2000, the Company’s beneficial shareholding was as follows:

(i) the Plaintiff: 45%;

(ii) the First Defendant: 25%;

(iii) one Terence Ng: 15%; and

(iv) one Perry Ong: 15%.

(b) In or around April 2002, the Plaintiff transferred his 45% shareholding to
the First Defendant to be held on trust by the First Defendant for the
Plaintiff.

(c) On 6 January 2003, Perry Ong transferred two-thirds of his 15%
shareholding to the First Defendant and one-third of his 15% shareholding to
Terence Ng. Pursuant to a private arrangement between the First Defendant,
Terence Ng and the Plaintiff, half of the shares received by the First
Defendant from Perry Ong (_ie_ , a 5% shareholding) were held on trust by the
First Defendant for the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff thus became the beneficial
owner of 50% of the shares in the Company.

(d) In or around April 2007, the First Defendant offered to purchase the
Plaintiff’s 50% shareholding in the Company. However, the First Defendant
suppressed the material fact that substantial dividends which had been
declared had been paid. The Plaintiff agreed to sell his 50% shareholding for
$5m, not knowing that dividends had previously been paid out by the Company.

(e) After the First Defendant paid the $5m to the Plaintiff in three tranches,
the Plaintiff was informed by Terence Ng that dividends had been paid out by
the Company.

(f) On 18 March 2009, the Plaintiff, the First Defendant and Terence Ng
discussed, _inter alia_ , the issue of the First Defendant’s non-disclosure
and withholding of dividend payments belonging to the Plaintiff.

(g) On or around 23 March 2009, the Plaintiff and the First Defendant began
negotiations with a view to reaching an amicable settlement of the Plaintiff’s
claim for an account of his share of the dividends. The Plaintiff enlisted the
assistance of one Roy Ng, who was a mutual friend.

(h) These negotiations culminated in a binding oral agreement between the
Plaintiff and the First Defendant on 31 March 2009 at Roy Ng’s office. It was
agreed that the First Defendant would pay the Plaintiff $4.5m in full and
final settlement of the Plaintiff’s claim. This agreement was either a
variation or a replacement of an earlier oral agreement made on 23 March 2009
to settle at a lower figure of $3.5m, which agreement the Plaintiff
successfully renegotiated.

17 On this basis, the SOC (No 3) postulated the following two alternative
causes of action:

(a) In breach of the settlement agreement made on 31 March 2009, the First
Defendant failed to pay any part of the sum of $4.5m to the Plaintiff. On 13
May 2009, the First Defendant sent an email to the Plaintiff refusing to pay
him anything, thereby evincing a clear intention not to be bound by the terms
of the settlement agreement. Hence, the Plaintiff was entitled to $4.5m plus
interest from 13 May 2009.

(b) Alternatively, if there was no binding settlement agreement made on 31
March 2009 or if the First Defendant was not bound by that agreement for any
reason, the Plaintiff was entitled to continue to pursue his claim for an
account of the dividends, which claim had ostensibly been compromised by the
settlement agreement.

18 In their Defence (Amendment No 4) dated 3 October 2012, the Defendants
stated as follows:

(a) The First Defendant did not hold a 50% shareholding in the Company on
trust for the Plaintiff.

(b) There was no settlement agreement between the Plaintiff and the First
Defendant.

(c) Even if such a settlement agreement had been reached, the Plaintiff’s
conduct would have amounted to a repudiation of any such agreement.

The issues before the court

19 The issues before the court arising from the present application are as
follows:

(a) what are the legal principles which govern applications for the _ad hoc_
admission of foreign senior counsel after the 2012 Amendment; and

(b) whether, on the facts of this case, the Applicant’s application for _ad
hoc_ admission should be granted.

The statutory framework

Historical background

20 Before the current statutory scheme for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign
senior counsel is analysed, it would be helpful to examine how this scheme has
evolved in Singapore over time. I should point out here that prior to 1 April
2012, only Queen’s Counsel, as opposed to other foreign counsel holding “any
appointment of equivalent distinction of any jurisdiction” (see s
15(1)(_a_)(ii) of the current LPA), could be admitted on an _ad hoc_ basis.
The expression “foreign senior counsel”, when used hereafter in relation to
the law before 1 April 2012, should thus be construed as referring to Queen’s
Counsel only. Further, I should make it clear that this judgment deals with
the admission criteria for foreign senior counsel in relation to _ad hoc_
admission to conduct commercial cases. Since 1997, the criteria for admitting
foreign senior counsel in criminal cases has been stricter, with the insertion
of a new s 21(1A) to the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the
1994 LPA”) on 1 January 1997. Section 21(1A) of the 1994 LPA provided that the
court was not to admit foreign senior counsel in any criminal case unless it
was satisfied that there was a “special reason” to do so. Since 1 April 2012,
this requirement of a “special reason” for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign
senior counsel has been extended to two other areas of law, _viz_ , family
law, and constitutional and administrative law. With these clarifications, I
now turn to the history of the provisions on the _ad hoc_ admission scheme in
Singapore.

21 Provision for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel was first
introduced by cl 2 of the Advocates and Solicitors (Amendment) Bill 1962 (Bill
174 of 1962) (“the 1962 Bill”). No such provision existed at that time in the
then equivalent of the current LPA (_viz_ , the Advocates and Solicitors
Ordinance (Cap 188, 1955 Rev Ed (“the ASO”)). Clause 2 of the 1962 Bill
stated:

The Advocates and Solicitors Ordinance ... is hereby amended by inserting
immediately after section 7 thereof the following new section:—

“ _Ad hoc._ admission.

7A.—(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Ordinance
the Supreme Court _may at its discretion and for the purpose of any one case_
admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any person ... —

(_a_)who holds Her Majesty’s patent as Queen’s Counsel; and

(_b_)who does not ordinarily reside in Malaya but who has come or intends to
come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in such case.

(2) Any person applying to be admitted under the provisions of this section
shall do so by originating motion verified by an affidavit ... and the
originating motion and affidavit ... shall be served on the State Advocate-
General and on the Secretary of the Bar Committee ...

...”

[emphasis added]

During the second reading of the 1962 Bill, the then Minister for Health and
Law, Mr K M Byrne (“Mr Byrne”), stated (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (17 April 1962) vol 17 at col 735):

Mr Speaker, Sir, because of certain developments in the Federation [of Malaya]
where the _ad hoc_ admission of Queen’s Counsel has been refused, the
Government would like an opportunity to reconsider certain clauses of the
Bill, and I will therefore name another sitting day. ...

22 On 6 July 1962, after considering the developments in the Federation of
Malaya, Mr Byrne stated that an amendment would be made to the 1962 Bill and
explained the purpose of the amendment as follows (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (6 July 1962) vol 18 at cols
1030–1031):

Provision is made for the _ad hoc_ admission of Queen’s Counsel to appear in
cases in Singapore. _I shall be moving an amendment to this clause_ [_ie_ , cl
2 of the 1962 Bill] _to provide that such Queen’s Counsel may only be admitted
by the court_** _for one or more special reasons in the public interest_**
_and that such Queen’s Counsel have_** _special qualifications or experience
for the purpose of the case_** _for which they are to be admitted_. Before
admitting such persons, the court will have regard to the views of the State
Advocate-General and the Bar Committee.

_Sir, the present position in Singapore is that Queen’s Counsel can be
admitted to the Singapore Bar without much formality, and the practice has
been that no opposition is raised by the Singapore Bar Committee or the State
Advocate-General_. In the Federation of Malaya, however, statutory provisions
have been strictly enforced, and in a recent case, the Chief Justice of the
Federation has decided that the provisions of section 7 of the Federation
Advocates and Solicitors Ordinance, 1947, must be complied with. This
requires, _inter alia_ , that the person applying to be admitted must satisfy
the Board appointed by the Bar Council that he has an adequate knowledge of
the laws of the Federation. There is no corresponding provision requiring
knowledge of the laws of Singapore in Singapore. All that is required in
Singapore is that the persons seeking admission should satisfy the examiners
that they have an adequate knowledge of the practice and etiquette of the
profession and of the English language. Queen’s Counsel, therefore, have had
no difficulty in satisfying the examiners. In the Federation there have been
no applications other than the one which recently came before the Chief
Justice made by a non-resident practitioner, while in Singapore there has been
a number of such admissions.

**_The proposal for_** **ad hoc** **_admissions will restrict the admission of
non-resident practitioners, as Queen’s Counsel will only be admitted to appear
in a particular case. It is proposed to restrict the right still further by
requiring the Queen’s Counsel seeking admission to show that he has special
qualifications and experience for the purpose of the case_**. The court is
further required to have regard to the views of the State Advocate-General and
of the Bar Committee before admitting such a person.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

23 As a result of the amendment made during the second reading of the 1962
Bill, s 3 of the Advocates and Solicitors (Amendment) Ordinance 1962 (No 22 of
1962), which amended the ASO to provide for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign
senior counsel, read as follows:

The principal Ordinance [_ie_ , the ASO] is hereby amended by inserting
immediately after section 7 thereof the following new section:—

“ _Ad hoc._ admission.

7A.—(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Ordinance
the Supreme Court **_may for one or more special reasons in the public
interest_** _and for the purpose of any one case_ admit to practise as an
advocate and solicitor any person ... —

(_a_)who holds Her Majesty’s patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(_b_)who does not ordinarily reside in Malaya but who has come or intends to
come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in such case; and

(_c_) **_who has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of such
case_**.

(2) Any person applying to be admitted under the provisions of this section
shall do so by originating motion verified by an affidavit ... and the
originating motion and affidavit ... shall be served on the State Advocate-
General and on the Secretary of the Bar Committee ...

(3) **_Before admitting a person under the provisions of this section the
Court shall have regard to the views of the State Advocate-General and the
Singapore Bar Committee._**

...”

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

24 This amendment resulted in three changes to the provisions of the 1962
Bill, namely:

(a) the phrase “for one or more special reasons in the public interest” was
introduced;

(b) a third limb to s 7A(1) – _viz_ , the requirement in s 7A(1)(_c_) that the
foreign senior counsel sought to be admitted must have “special qualifications
or experience for the purpose of [the] case” – was introduced; and

(c) the court was expressly required to have regard to the views of the State
Advocate-General and the Bar Committee.

These changes were expressly intended to restrict the circumstances in which
_ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel could be granted. The changes in
1962 were substantially retained in s 18 of the Legal Profession Act 1966 (Act
57 of 1966) (“the 1966 LPA”). I should add that the 1966 LPA also repealed the
ASO (see s 155 of the 1966 LPA).

25 Although the amendments in 1962 were clearly intended to restrict the
circumstances in which _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel would be
granted, Parliament appeared to relent on this issue not long after this. The
phrase “for one or more special reasons and” in s 18 of the 1966 LPA was
deleted by s 4 of the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 1970 (Act 16 of 1970).
Although no reason was given for this deletion in the parliamentary debates
(see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 March 1970) vol 29
at cols 1271–1273 (Mr E W Barker, Minister for Law and National Development)),
the Explanatory Statement to the Legal Profession (Amendment) Bill 1970 (Bill
6 of 1970) stated:

The Legal Profession Act, 1966, introduced a large number of novel provisions.
It has been found in the light of the operation of the Act that certain
amendments would be desirable for the more efficient organisation of the legal
profession and also to take into account the functions of other professions,
such as public accountants. This Bill seeks to make such amendments as are
necessary to give effect to such changes. The Bill introduces the following
detailed amendments: —

...

_The requirements of one or more special reasons hitherto necessary for a
Queen’s Counsel to be admitted “_ ad hoc _” to appear in the Singapore Courts
are deleted_ ,**_it having been the practice of the Courts to admit any
English Queen’s Counsel to appear “_** ad hoc** _” on his being briefed on the
instructions of an advocate and solicitor_** ...

...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

26 In _In the Matter of Section 21 of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161)
and In the Matter of an Application by Michael Jacob Beloff, Queen’s Counsel
of England_ [1993] SGHC 85, G P Selvam J drily made the following observation
about the _ad hoc_ admission practice in relation to the above scheme:

In any given field of law there would be no difficulty in finding Queen’s
Counsel with special qualifications or experience. **__This led to admissions
virtually becoming a matter of choice of a party to litigation in
Singapore__**** _._****_In the past the Law Society and the Attorney General
to whose views the Court listened before making an order developed a
propensity of not objecting to admissions._** The unprecedented economic
growth in Singapore during the last decade and a half or so facilitated the
retention of expensive silk[s] to appear in Singapore. Silks found it
attractive and became eager to appear in the Far East including Singapore.
_And it became prestigious and fashionable for wealthy litigants to engage
them. This practice led to excessive independence_ [_sic_] _on foreign counsel
and dampened the desire of Singapore advocates to excel in advocacy._
[emphasis added in italics, bold italics and bold italics with underlining]

27 In 1991, the pendulum swung the other way again when the Legal Profession
(Amendment) Act 1991 (Act 10 of 1991) amended the provision governing the _ad
hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel at that time – _viz_ , s 21 of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 1990 Rev Ed) (“the 1990 LPA”) – by introducing
the requirement that the case must be “of sufficient difficulty and
complexity”. The then Minister for Law, Prof S Jayakumar (“Prof Jayakumar”),
explained the purpose of this amendment as follows (see _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 January 1991) vol 56 at cols
796–798):

_Queen’s Counsel_

If I may turn to the question of Queen’s Counsel. Members will recall the
debate we had on this matter last year during the Committee of Supply. The
Chairman of the GPC for Home Affairs and Law, Dr Arthur Beng, noted the
increasing tendency to use QCs for cases which are not complex and he
expressed the fear that such a trend could impede specialisation by local
lawyers.

Mr Davinder Singh believed that QCs continue to play a useful role in
Singapore but he felt that there must be “stricter guidelines” to limit
admissions of QCs “to highly complex matters”.

Mr Shanmugam on his part also felt that QCs provide a useful service and we
should not shut the door on them altogether. But he felt that the present
system should be reviewed to “tighten the rules” so as to ensure that “only in
really necessary cases ... QCs are admitted”.

In response to them, I said that the rationale for admitting QCs continued to
be valid and the practice should not be stopped. But I also added the
following that:

“... the legislative policy is very clear. [QCs] are obviously to be admitted
for _cases of complexity or difficulty where the needed skills or experience
or the specialist knowledge is not readily available here_. To put it in a
different way, _Parliament never envisaged or contemplated that they should be
admitted for the routine or the ordinary or the simple case which can easily
be handled by Singapore lawyers._ ”

...

Sir, the existing section [21] of the Legal Profession Act allows QCs to be
admitted on an ad hoc basis. The discretion is vested in the Courts. The
problem is that the existing provision does not give any criterion or guidance
to the Courts except merely to state that the QC must have “special
qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case”.

What the proposed amendment before the House seeks to do is to meet this gap
by adding a criterion that the Court must be satisfied that the case is one of
“sufficient difficulty and complexity” to warrant a QC being admitted. It is
important to note that this amendment leaves the decision to the Courts. This
is underscored by the fact that the amendment also states that the Court shall
have “regard to the circumstances of the case”.

Sir, this amendment better reflects the original intent of the legislature
while, at the same time, preserving the exercise of discretion by the Courts.

We have taken some time to craft this amendment because Government considers
QCs to perform a useful role in our efforts to be the leading commercial and
financial sector. A study done for me by two members of the academic staff of
the Faculty of Law of the National University of Singapore on admission of QCs
for the period 1985 to 1989 showed that commercial law cases formed the
majority, some 60%, of cases where QCs were admitted. **_It is desirable that
they continue to perform this role. Therefore, any amendment which we craft
to_**** _ensure that there is no abuse and that QCs are not admitted for the
very simple, routine or uncomplicated cases, must not shut the door to
admission of QCs in those areas where solicitors are especially needed,
particularly in banking and commercial law sectors._**

**_Obviously, it will take some time to develop a significant pool of local
litigation lawyers who can service the requirements of Singapore as an
international financial and commercial centre._** _When we will achieve that
is difficult to predict._ **_In the meantime, however, we should not deprive
our financial and commercial centre of the assistance of QCs._** _The proposed
amendment will allow the Courts to continue to liberally admit QCs for the
important and complex commercial and banking cases._

...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The key objective of the amendment was plainly to facilitate the development
of a strong core of good advocates at the local Bar by restricting access to
foreign senior counsel to the more difficult and complex cases: see _Price
Arthur Leolin v Attorney-General and others_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 113 (“ _Price QC_
”) at [5]. The Court of Appeal stated in _Price QC_ (at [6]) that the required
difficulty and complexity might be present not only where questions of law
were involved, but also in cases dealing with complex facts where assistance
was required to determine what the actual legal problems were.

28 Following the amendments made in 1991 (“the 1991 Amendments”), s 21 of the
1990 LPA read as follows:

**21.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, for the purpose of any one case _where the court is satisfied that it is
of sufficient difficulty and complexity_ and having regard to the
circumstances of the case, admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor any
person who —

(_a_)holds Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel;

(_b_)does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia but who has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_)has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.

…

[emphasis added]

This remained the position in the successor versions of s 21 of the 1990 LPA
until 1 April 2012.

The present law

29 Notably, the phrase “where the court is satisfied that [the case] is of
sufficient difficulty and complexity _and_ having regard to the circumstances
of the case” [emphasis added] has been deleted from s 15 of the current LPA
with effect from 1 April 2012 by the Legal Profession (Amendment) Act 2012
(Act 3 of 2012). Section 15 of the current LPA now provides as follows:

**Ad hoc admissions**

**15.** —(1) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the court
may, **_for the purpose of any one case_** , admit to practise as an advocate
and solicitor any person who —

(_a_)holds —

(i)Her Majesty’s Patent as Queen’s Counsel; or

(ii)any appointment of equivalent distinction of any jurisdiction;

(_b_)does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia, but has come or
intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and

(_c_) **_has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the
case_**.

...

(6A) **_The Chief Justice may_** , after consulting the Judges of the Supreme
Court, by notification published in the _Gazette_ , **_specify the matters
that the court may consider when deciding whether to admit a person under this
section_**.

...

[emphasis added in bold italics]

30 Pursuant to s 15(6A) of the current LPA, Chan Sek Keong CJ issued the Legal
Profession (Ad Hoc Admissions) Notification 2012 (GN No S 132/2012) (“the
Notification”), which states as follows:

**Matters specified under section 15(6A) of Act**

**3**. For the purposes of section 15(6A) of the Act, **_the court may
consider_**** _the following matters_** , in addition to the matters specified
in section 15(1) and (2) of the Act, when deciding whether to admit a person
under section 15 of the Act for the purpose of any one case:

(_a_) the **_nature of the factual and legal issues_** involved in the case;

(_b_) the **_necessity_**** _for the services of a foreign senior counsel_** ;

(_c_) the **_availability_**** _of any Senior Counsel or other advocate and
solicitor with appropriate experience_** ; and

(_d_) **_whether_** ,**_having regard to the circumstances of the case, it is
reasonable_** to admit a foreign senior counsel for the purpose of the case.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

31 The 2012 Amendment was first announced by the Ministry of Law in December
2011 by way of a public consultation on a draft of what later became the Legal
Profession (Amendment) Bill 2012 (Bill 1 of 2012) (“the 2012 Bill”). During
the parliamentary debates on the 2012 Bill (“the 2012 parliamentary debates”),
the Minister for Law, Mr K Shanmugam (“the Law Minister”), explained the
objective of the 2012 Amendment as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88):

... Sir, the Bill makes three key amendments to the Legal Profession Act, to
strengthen the legal industry in Singapore. Let me explain the changes.

**_The first of these changes makes it slightly easier for foreign expert
counsel to appear in our Courts. The policy on the admission of foreign
counsels to appear in our courts has evolved over time_**. **Prior to 1991,
more QCs appeared in our courts.** Many of us benefited from … working with
them, watching them in action, and pitting ourselves against them in Court. As
our Bar developed, the conditions for admitting QCs were tightened. In 1991,
admission was restricted to cases which were, in the view of the Court of
“sufficient” complexity and difficulty. In 1997, the first batch of Senior
Counsel was appointed. **Over the years, the Courts have gradually
restricted**** _ad hoc_****admissions of QC. This was in line with the 1991
Amendments.** Meanwhile, Singapore has grown exponentially as a business and
financial centre with _a corresponding growth in the demand for top-tier legal
representation._**_This has thrown up a different set of challenges. One of
the key challenges has been that in several cases, litigants had difficulties
getting a Senior Counsel (SC) in Singapore of their choice when they are up
against a bank or a large corporate [entity]_**.

We have several SCs. The majority of them practise in large firms. These firms
have extensive corporate practices serving a wide range of clients. As a
result, many of our SCs from the big law firms often find themselves unable or
unwilling to act for a client when a large bank or corporate [entity] is on
the other side. The larger firms would have had some relationship with such
banks and corporat[ions]. Thus, even if the bank or corporate [entity] does
not instruct them in the specific case in question, the SCs will decline to
accept instructions from the other side. The Courts have observed this to be
quite a serious problem over the years. When he opened the Legal Year in 2010,
the Chief Justice (CJ) said:

“… **_there is another area of practice we might want to revisit – litigation,
and the availability of top counsels to appear in our courts_**. Currently, we
have a provision in the Legal Profession Act for the _ad hoc_ admission of
Queen’s Counsel and Senior Counsel from other Commonwealth jurisdictions, in
cases where legal expertise is not available. Fortunately, it is rare that we
cannot find the necessary expertise since we have built up a pool of first
class litigation counsel under our Senior Counsel scheme. **_However, many of
them are no longer in active practice and not many appear frequently in our
Courts, especially the Court of Appeal._** In Opening of Legal Year 2002, I
spoke on this topic and pointed out that a major corporate client with a court
case could immobilise all the litigators in the large law firms, including our
best Senior Counsel. (This is a point that the Chief Justice when he was
Attorney-General thought about 10 years ago.) **_To maintain our eminence as
an international business and financial centre, we should make available to
litigants in important commercial and financial disputes a greater diversity
of legal representation in our courts._** I have discussed this with the
Minister for Law. He agrees with me that this is an issue that needs looking
into, and he intends to consult the Law Society on it.”

The CJ was very clear in what he has said and he did speak with me on several
occasions on this matter. The CJ reiterated his point during the opening of
the Legal Year in 2011. Again I quote:

“This year will see the revival of the Singapore Circuit – not the Singapore
Grand Prix – but something older which was sidelined by the need to grow our
own pool of expert advocates. **We now have a sizeable pool of Senior Counsel
who provides [****_sic_****] advisory, arbitral and litigation services to
offshore and onshore clients. However** ,**_experience has shown that their
services may not be available to the general public in times of need_**. We
have a very large financial and business sector in terms of contributions to
our GDP – it grew from 24.4% out of a nominal GDP of S$158.1 billion in 2002
to 25.9% out of a nominal GDP of S$303.7 billion in 2010. But, the legal
services provided to these sectors are dominated by a small number of large
law firms. **_The result is that the best litigation counsel are usually
conflicted out of advising or acting for claimants against big business as
they are mainly concentrated in the large firms. So we need a greater
diversity of expert counsel to advise, negotiate and pursue legitimate claims
in court._** This is not a new problem. The Ministry of Law has consulted the
Law Society and the Senior Counsel Forum on the best way forward. We can
expect amending legislation to be enacted this year. **_The Bar can rest
assured that this will not be a free for all. The courts will admit_****ad
hoc**** _expert counsel on the basis of need, and not simply because a
litigant can afford to pay. We do not want to disadvantage litigants who
cannot afford equivalent representation, nor do we want to impede the
nurturing of our own Senior Counsel._****__So__** ,**_ad hoc_**** __admission
will be on a case by case basis, with the court doing a judicious balancing of
competing interests in each case__** _.[”]_

Sir, clause 4 [of the 2012 Bill] amends section 15 to deal with this
situation. _The amendments were made after frank and intensive consultations
with the Law Society, the Forum of Senior Counsel and the Bar at large. The
Bar was generally supportive of this proposal._**_Lawyers from mid sized and
small firms in particular were very supportive._****__There can now be a less
restrictive approach to the__**** _ad hoc_**** __admission of QCs and foreign
counsel holding appointments of equivalent distinction to QCs. Greater
discretion will be given to the Courts.__** Nevertheless, the Chief Justice
has stated during his address during the Opening of the Legal Year in 2012:
that **_ad hoc_**** __counsel will only be admitted on the basis of need, and
it will not be a free for all__** _._**_The CJ will, before the amendments
come into force, gazette the matters that the Court may consider in deciding
whether to admit foreign counsel and the [a]mendments give him the power to do
so_****.** ...

[emphasis added in bold, bold with underlining, italics, bold italics and bold
italics with underlining]

32 In response to queries by several Members of Parliament, the Law Minister
elaborated as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(14 February 2012) vol 88):

**_In 1991, the concern was with developing the local Bar, and even then, the
intention was to allow QCs to be admitted for complex commercial cases._**
Strict judicial interpretation has helped to build up our local Bar and a core
of SCs. **_Today, the challenge is not so much the quality of our local
counsel but the availability of SCs in commercial cases_**.

... Actually the number of active SCs is about 40. This figure has to [be] set
in context as to why I said what I said in my opening speech. Out of the 40
active Senior Counsels, 35 come from large or medium sized firms. I explained
why many SCs are often conflicted out of complex commercial and financial
cases. It is because their firms are conflicted out, [or] their firms do not
wish to accept instructions by clients who wish to sue a bank even though
those firms are not instructed by the bank or a corporate [entity] in that
particular case. …

...

... **_The clear overwhelming preference among the small and medium law firms
was that they wanted this. The Senior Counsel Forum was a little less
clear_**.

What we had put forward originally was the idea that we will have three
lawyers or four lawyers who would be given a licence to practise. In that way,
the numbers are restricted for very much the reasons that Members of this
House have articulated – that we should support and nurture [the] local Bar.
And we thought one way of doing it is to have a small number of QCs. But the
Senior Counsel Forum was quite decisive. Mr Harry Elias, as coordinator, sent
it to me in writing that, not unanimously but overwhelmingly, the SCs
preferred the _ad hoc_ admission route to be liberalised rather than having
three or four being chosen.

... Often, what happens in reality is that many of our banks or large
corporations – which is the kind of case we are talking about – will go to a
major law firm. They will get an SC and the other side may go, sometimes not
infrequently, to a small or medium sized law firm, something along the lines
of Mr Lim Biow Chuan’s law firm.

**__The first thing for the client to ask is – it is human psychology – the
other side has an SC, am I going to get an SC? Even if Mr Lim or his peers are
entirely competent to handle the case, the psychology is, can I have an SC__**
**_?_** **_And then the problem starts because the firm will hunt around for
an SC and, often_** , and I can only quote what the Chief Justice said,
**_“they will find it difficult to get an SC”_**. It has happened – I am not
saying it is 100% – but it has happened frequently enough for the Chief
Justice to have noted it and mentioned it twice, and put it in very concrete
terms, that there needs to be an amendment.

So, it is in that context and which is why when we consulted the small, medium
sized law firms, they were overwhelmingly in support of this recommendation.
**_It benefits the small man – small, as in the individual – but you do need
to pay for a QC obviously; so I do not mean financial means. But for the
individual or person who is prepared to fight, it benefits that person_**. At
the same time, MAS and the banks also welcome this because it gives them
greater flexibility. **So, on different ends of the scale, people welcome this
approach.**

As for the Members’ queries on the criteria for admission, **the changes give
the discretion to the Court to admit foreign counsel on a case-by-case
basis.** Mr Hri Kumar asked if I can set out the criteria. I think what is
being done is not radical. If you look at clause 4, the original provision
(section 15) read, “Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Act, the
court may, for the purpose of any one case where the court is satisfied that
it is of sufficient difficulty and complexity and having regard to the
circumstances of the case, admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor
...”. **We have proposed to remove the phrase, “where the court is satisfied
that it is of sufficient difficulty and complexity and having regard to the
circumstances of the case”, basically, reverting to the****1991** [_sic_]
**position, which is the subject of …****case law.****There are criteria and
guidance on what sort of factors the courts would have to take into account
and, going further, bearing in mind the Chief Justice’s remarks in the Opening
of the Legal Year this year, that it is not to be a free-for-all. And the
courts want to be very careful about admissions** , precisely for the kind of
reasons that Mr de Souza spoke about.

**_We are amending the section to have an additional provision which gives the
courts greater flexibility in identifying the factors and gazette it so that
it is transparent._** **And the Chief Justice has made it clear that it would
be a fairly strict approach and that is an indication that has been given. The
Chief Justice has given guidance, in his speech, on the approach the courts
will take.**

For the balance between Parliament, the Legislature and the courts, Mr Singh
feels that we should give more discretion to the courts; others here feel that
we should set it out. I agree it is a question of getting the right balance.
**It is a question of judgment in these matters because each case can turn on
its own facts. My own preference is to tilt more towards giving discretion to
the courts with the general guidance of setting up the framework in the
legislation, and that is what we seek to do, by removing the phrase “of
sufficient difficulty and complexity”.**

Mr Singh also made a number of other points on this area. I think his first
point was, why amend section 15 because it already gives the courts
discretion? I went through clause 4 of the Bill – what it does is that it
removes some phrases, and as a result of that, it gives the courts greater
discretion. So I am not sure that we are on different wavelengths. I think the
purpose of the amendments is actually to give the courts greater discretion in
complex civil matters.

The second point that Mr Singh made was that there may be, as a result of
these amendments, a bifurcation – I think this is what he said – where in
commercial law cases, the quality of the lawyers would be much higher and
would be international, whereas in criminal cases, the quality would be lower
because it is more difficult to admit foreign lawyers in that area. Bearing in
mind [that] the courts continue to retain the discretion to admit QCs or
foreign counsel even for those cases – I think we accept that the [B]ar is
different - would it result in this bifurcation? That argument proceeds from
an assumption that I do not share, which is that local lawyers are simply not
good enough. I do not agree because - of course, in any profession, there will
be a gradation - if we can accept that the best of the local lawyers will be
equal to the best anywhere in the world, then there should be no bifurcation.

**The real rationale for the approach here is that in complex civil cases, for
the reasons that I have given, we frequently find that the litigants are
unable to engage the best of the SCs that they do want to engage.** **That is
the problem.** **If we accept that to be a problem – and I have quoted the
Chief Justice a number of times and I accept what he says – then we will see
immediately why a distinction can be drawn between criminal cases and civil
cases, because in criminal cases, we do not have that problem.** There is no
difficulty for any top SC accepting a brief in a criminal, constitutional, or
public case because there is no real issue of conflict. Or even if there is no
direct conflict, it is not as if the law firm is on a retainer which prevents
any particular SC from taking up a case on a public or constitutional criminal
matter.

...

I will take the three points that Mr de Souza made. **The first that he is
reassured that I agreed with the Chief Justice and that the courts would have
the power on how these admissions would be done. I think I would refer him to
the proposed subsection 6(a) of section 15, Clause 4 – the amendment clause –
“the Chief Justice may after consulting the Judges of the Supreme Court by
notification published in the Gazette specify the matters that the court may
consider when deciding whether to admit a person under this section”.****__So,
if Parliament passes this legislation, it would have given the Chief Justice
the power to decide on the factors.__****In fact, this goes back to Mr Singh’s
point which I more or less agreed with that**** __the courts should have
substantial discretion__****.** In fact, Mr Hri Kumar was not comfortable with
this. **_But my own view, on balance, is that the courts should have a greater
degree of discretion._****__What I think about the criteria in this context
will become less relevant.__**

...

[emphasis added in bold, bold with underlining, italics, bold italics and bold
italics with underlining]

The applicable legal principles

The approach prior to the 2012 Amendment

33 Prior to the 2012 Amendment, the courts applied a three-stage test in
determining an application for _ad hoc_ admission under s 15(1) of the current
LPA: see Re _Joseph David QC_ [2012] 1 SLR 791 (“ _Joseph QC_ ”) at [15]. The
three stages were as follows:

(a) firstly, whether the case contained issues of fact or law of sufficient
difficulty and complexity to justify the admission of a foreign senior
counsel;

(b) secondly, whether the circumstances of the case warranted the court’s
exercise of its discretion in favour of the applicant; and

(c) thirdly, whether the applicant was a suitable candidate for admission in
that he or she possessed special qualifications or experience for the purpose
of the case.

I observed in _Joseph QC_ at [22] that this three-stage approach was not
expressly mandated by s 15(1) of the current LPA, and that the test might be
more coherently conceived of as comprising two, _contra_ three, stages because
the applicant’s suitability for admission was, in the final analysis, simply
one of the factors to be considered in determining whether the circumstances
of the case warranted the court’s exercise of its discretion to admit the
applicant. I also noted that the requirement of “sufficient difficulty and
complexity” (referred to hereafter as the “‘sufficient difficulty and
complexity’ requirement” where appropriate) was set at a high threshold and
had, in recent years, been notoriously difficult to satisfy: see _Joseph QC_
at [42].

34 Before I turn to consider what should be the approach after 1 April 2012, I
pause to note that before the “sufficient difficulty and complexity”
requirement was introduced in 1991, the courts apparently from time to time
considered that the difficulty of the underlying issues in the case was a
statutorily relevant and important factor in deciding whether to exercise
their discretion to grant an application for _ad hoc_ admission: see Re
_Phillips Nicholas Addison QC_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 111 at [12] (“ _Re Phillips_
”). However, in practice, prior to 1991, the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign
senior counsel was almost always a routine matter (see above at [25]–[26]).
This peculiar state of affairs was also detailed by Chan Sek Keong J in Re
_Oliver David Keightley Rideal QC_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 961 at [8]:

... Prior to the [1991] [A]mendment[s], the primary consideration for
admission of a Queen’s Counsel was whether he had special qualifications or
experience for the purpose of the case. _The court was seldom required to
exercise its general discretion against admission as it was a common practice
of solicitors for the parties not to object to each other’s applications_. ...
[emphasis added]

I pause to add that _Re Phillips_ surfaces as the only reported decision on
the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel between 1970 and 1990. It is
conspicuously brief on the interpretation of the relevant provisions for _ad
hoc_ admission, and it is unclear whether it reflected the then judicial
consensus on this issue. In this regard, I note that in _In the Matter of
Section 21 of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161) and in the Matter of an
Application by Mr David Edward Michael Young, Queen’s Counsel of England_
[1991] SGHC 177, Selvam J briefly referred to _Re Phillips_ as an illustrative
case where “[e]ven before the amendments [_viz_ , the 1991 Amendments] the
Court insisted on the complexity of the case as a condition to admission of
[foreign senior] counsel”. Unfortunately, there is no other case law that
clearly indicates how the courts prior to 1991 made an assessment on
complexity. Returning to the 1991 Amendments, it appears to me that the
requirement of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” which was expressly
introduced inexorably became in practice the threshold requirement for an _ad
hoc_ admission application – unless the issues raised in the case were
sufficiently difficult and complex (or unless there was a dearth of local
expertise), the application would not be acceded to. As a result, over the two
decades between 1991 and 2012, only a small number of such applications were
successful in contrast to the rather liberal position prior to 1991.

The present approach

35 Pursuant to s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed), the
courts must prefer an interpretation which supports the intended purpose of a
provision over an interpretation that does not: see _Public Prosecutor v Low
Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 at [57] and _Chief Assessor and another v First
DCS Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 724 at [10].

36 The Law Minister’s speech during the 2012 parliamentary debates indicates
that the 2012 Amendment was premised on certain considerations and reveals
several significant insights about the changes introduced, namely:

(a) A pool of premier litigation counsel has been built up over the years. The
concern today is not so much about nurturing the local Bar (although that
consideration remains pertinent), but about the _availability_ of good quality
counsel to _represent litigants in cases of need_.

(b) The 2012 Amendment is intended to give _greater discretion to the courts_
by altogether removing the threshold “sufficient difficulty and complexity”
requirement. Consequently, the courts should adopt a less restrictive approach
to the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. It is pertinent that the
Law Minister concluded his comments at the 2012 parliamentary debates by
stating that the courts should have “ _substantial discretion_ ” [emphasis
added]. This more liberal approach should, however, not morph into a “free for
all” (_per_ the Law Minister in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88).

(c) The Law Minister observed that “ _if Parliament passe[d] this_
_legislation_ ,_it would_ [_give_]**_the Chief Justice the power to decide on
the factors_** [_which may be considered in assessing an_ ad hoc _admission
application_]” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]. He concluded by
reiterating that “ _the courts should have a greater degree of
discretion._**_What I think about the criteria in this context will become
less relevant_** ” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]_._ This is an
important acknowledgment in so far as the Law Minister recognised that his
parliamentary observations might not be entirely relevant in construing the
factors specified by the Chief Justice as being applicable in assessing
applications for _ad hoc_ admission. Parliament has conferred on the Chief
Justice (after consulting the judges of the Supreme Court) broad authority to
stipulate the matters that the court should consider in assessing an
application for _ad hoc_ admission. Pursuant to this, Chan CJ issued the
Notification, which sets out (at para 3) four specific matters for
consideration. The difficulty and complexity of the issues in the underlying
case may be a pertinent (but not decisive) consideration. It is relevant in so
far as it is reflected as one of the four factors specified in para 3 of the
Notification (see above at [30]).

(d) Although the changes to the _ad hoc_ admission scheme were prompted by
concerns about “litigants [being] unable to engage the best of the [local
Senior Counsel] that they do want to engage” (see _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88) in complex matters
involving financial institutions, _it was not stated during the 2012
parliamentary debates that the more liberal approach was to be confined to
such matters._ The courts have plainly been given substantial discretion to
admit foreign senior counsel in relation to commercial cases generally as a
category (as opposed to, _eg_ , criminal cases, as specified under s 15(2) of
the current LPA). Significantly, the express reference to the “difficulty and
complexity” of the case as a criterion has been removed. Parliament has also
decided that _the court is in the best position to conduct a_ _judicious
balancing of the competing interests_ in each case to determine whether it is
reasonable to admit a foreign senior counsel in commercial cases.

37 Plainly, the reference by the Law Minister during the 2012 parliamentary
debates to cases where litigants are up against banks or large corporate
entities (see [31] above) is merely illustrative, and is not intended to spell
out the only circumstances in which _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior
counsel can be granted. As the Law Minister stated, the difficulties faced by
litigants in engaging local Senior Counsel (“Senior Counsel”) of their choice
in litigation involving banks or large corporations was merely _one_ of the
key challenges arising in the _ad hoc_ admission regime prior to 1 April 2012
(see [31] above). The problem identified by the Law Minister and the Chief
Justice – _viz_ , the situation where many of the Senior Counsel are
unavailable (for reasons of conflict or otherwise) to act for a particular
individual – may sometimes exist regardless of whether a litigant is up
against an individual or a corporate entity. It must also be noted that when
the Law Minister made his comments during the 2012 parliamentary debates, the
Notification had yet to be issued (the Notification came into operation only
on 1 April 2012, together with the 2012 Amendment). The Law Minister’s
comments, while obviously important in a contextual sense, should not be
construed as unduly limiting the plain intent and purport of the Notification
since broad authority has been delegated to the Chief Justice by s 15(6A) of
the current LPA to exercise “ _the power to decide on the factors_ ” [emphasis
added] (_per_ the Law Minister in _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88) which may be considered in assessing an _ad
hoc_ admission application _._ In the final analysis, the question before the
court is one of construing s 15 of the current LPA (subsequent to the 2012
Amendment) and the Notification and applying them to the facts of the
particular case at hand to determine whether to allow the _ad hoc_ admission
of the foreign senior counsel concerned.

The s 15(1)(c) requirement: special qualifications or experience for the
purpose of the case

38 Applicants applying for _ad hoc_ admission are required by s 15(1)(_c_) of
the current LPA to have “ _special_ qualifications or experience _for the
purpose_ of the case” [emphasis added]. This phrase was first introduced in
1962, and was intended to restrict the circumstances in which foreign senior
counsel would be admitted (see [22] above). However, no indication was
provided in the legislative debates at that time as to how this restriction
was intended to operate. This problem was recognised by Parliament in 1991
when the 1990 LPA was amended to introduce the requirement that the case must
be of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” (see [27] above). Since this
amendment, the distinct requirement in s 15(1)(_c_) of the current LPA that
the foreign senior counsel in question must have “special qualifications or
experience for the purpose of the case” (“the s 15(1)(_c_) requirement”) has
been somewhat overlooked because the focus of the courts and of counsel prior
to 1 April 2012 was largely on the question of whether the high threshold of
“sufficient difficulty and complexity” had been surmounted in each case.

39 Now that the “sufficient difficulty and complexity” requirement has been
altogether removed, it becomes important to consider the scope of the s
15(1)(_c_) requirement and how it relates to the matters set out by the Chief
Justice in para 3 of the Notification. In my view, the s 15(1)(_c_)
requirement deals with the idea that the foreign senior counsel’s
qualifications and/or experience must be _relevant_ to the issues in the case.
This is distinct from the question of whether those issues are difficult and
complex because a foreign senior counsel’s qualifications and/or experience
may be relevant to issues which are not difficult and complex. The s
15(1)(_c_) requirement sets a threshold which is met so long as there is
evidence to show that the foreign senior counsel has special qualifications
and/or experience which indicates that he or she will be able to expertly
discharge his or her duties to the client and to the court “for the purpose”
of the case for which _ad hoc_ admission is sought. For instance, where a case
raises issues which require specialised knowledge of areas of law such as
arbitration, insolvency or intellectual property, the foreign senior counsel
should have the appropriate expertise in these areas of law.

The Notification

40 Before I go on to consider the meaning and ambit of the specific factors
set out in para 3 of the Notification as well as the question of how these
factors relate to each other and to the requirements in s 15(1) of the current
LPA, it is important to first consider whether the court is in fact obliged to
consider all the factors set out in para 3 of the Notification.

41 Although para 3 of the Notification states that “the court _may_ consider
...” [emphasis added] rather than “the court _shall_ consider ...” [emphasis
added], this is not in itself decisive of the question of whether the court is
under a legal duty to consider all the factors listed by the Chief Justice in
that paragraph. Recently, in _Lim Mey Lee Susan v Singapore Medical Council_
[2012] 1 SLR 701, the Court of Appeal observed (at [39]):

... [T]he dichotomy between the mandatory effect and the directory effect of
words (used in statutory provisions) which are _ex facie_ mandatory (_eg_ ,
the word “shall”) has been abandoned by the English courts in favour of _the
practical approach of determining Parliament’s intention in each case_ so as
to ascertain whether or not a failure to comply with a “shall” requirement
would result in a nullity (see _Regina v Soneji_ [2006] 1 AC 340). Our courts
should follow suit. [emphasis added]

While this observation was made in the context of a statutory provision which
used the word “shall” rather than “may”, logically, the same purposive
approach to statutory interpretation mentioned at [35] above must also mean
that where the statutory provision in question uses the word “may”, it can
mean “shall”.

42 This can be seen from the Privy Council case of _Da Costa v The Queen_
[1990] 2 AC 389, an appeal from Jamaica. One of the issues before the Privy
Council was the interpretation of s 6(2) of the Gun Court Act (Jamaica), which
stated:

A resident magistrate ... before whom any case involving a firearm offence is
brought—(_a_) if the offence is not a capital offence, _may_ make such inquiry
as he deems necessary in order to ascertain whether the offence charged is
within his jurisdiction ...; (_b_) if the offence is a capital offence, _may_
order that a preliminary examination be held ... with a view to committal for
trial ... [emphasis added]

The Privy Council stated as follows (at 405F–406A):

Talbot J. said in _Sheffield Corporation v. Luxford_ [1929] 2 K.B. 180,
183–184:

“‘May’, is a permissive or enabling expression; but there are cases in which,
for various reasons, as soon as the person who is within the statute is
entrusted with the power it becomes his duty to exercise it.”

An authoritative modern textbook puts the matter thus:

“ _Where a court or tribunal is given in terms a power to exercise a certain
jurisdiction, this may be construed as imposing a mandatory duty to act_. This
will arise where there is no justification for failing to exercise the power.
In such cases, as it is often put, ‘may’ is held to mean ‘shall’”: see
_Bennion on Statutory Interpretation_ (1984), p. 27, and cases there cited.

Their Lordships consider that this principle should be applied in construing
section 6(2)(_a_) and (_b_) [of the Jamaican Gun Court Act].

Crown counsel, when asked by their Lordships, stated that a mandatory
construction of section 6(2)(_a_) would not give rise to difficulty and their
Lordships are therefore content to adopt that construction, which they prefer
for the reasons stated.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added in italics]

43 Similarly, in _Lombard Commodities Ltd v Alami Vegetable Oil Products Sdn
Bhd_ [2010] 2 MLJ 23, the Malaysian Federal Court stated (at [21]–[22]):

21 The critical issue is whether a declaration in the _Gazette_ notification
by the Yang Di Pertuan Agong is a condition precedent before an award made in
a state, who is a party to the [New York Convention], could be regarded as a
convention award under the CREFA [_viz_ , the Convention on the Recognition
and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards Act 1985 (M’sia)]. In my view, the
answer to this question does not depend on whether the word ‘may’ appearing in
s 2(2) of the CREFA has to be read to mean ‘must’ or otherwise. As observed by
Cotton LJ in _In re Baker; Nichols v Baker_ (1890) 44 Ch D 262 at p 268, _‘It
is an inaccuracy of language to say that ‘may’ can mean ‘must’ or ‘shall’. It
simply confers a power. We must look at the object of the statements to see
whether a duty to exercise the power is imposed’_.

22 In NS Bindra’s _Interpretation of Statutes_ (9th Ed) at p 948, it is stated
that:

It is well-settled that the use of [the] word ‘may’ in a statutory provision
would not by itself show that the provision is directory in nature. In some
cases the legislature may use the word ‘may’ as a matter of pure conventional
courtesy and yet intend a mandatory force. In order, therefore, to interpret
the legal import of the word ‘may’, the court has to consider various factors,
namely, the object and the scheme of the Act, the context and the background
against which the words have been used, the purpose and the advantages sought
to be achieved by the use of this word, and the like.

And at p 950 it is stated:

The ultimate rule in construing auxiliary verbs like ‘may’ and ‘shall’ is to
discover the legislative intent; and the use of [the] words ‘may’ and ‘shall’
is not decisive of its discretion or mandates. _The use of the words ‘may’ and
‘shall’ may help the courts in ascertaining the legislative intent without
giving to either a controlling or a determinating effect._**_The courts have
further to consider the subject matter, the purpose of the provisions, the
object intended to be secured by the statute which is of prime importance, as
also the actual words employed._**

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

44 In my view, the architecture of the 2012 Amendment and the Notification
plainly indicates that the courts are under a duty to consider all the matters
listed in para 3 of the Notification. _The 2012 Amendment is not intended to
lead to a “free for all”, and in assessing applications for_ ad hoc
_admission, the courts are required to conduct a judicious balancing of the
competing interests in the particular case_ _at hand within the framework of
the matters specified in para 3 of the Notification._ Interpreting para 3 of
the Notification to mean that the courts are obliged to consider all the
matters set out therein also ensures consistency in assessing future
applications for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. In turn,
this consistency in approach will lend some predictability and certainty for
both the Bar and litigants who intend or are considering whether to apply for
the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. At the same time, however,
it bears emphasis that the matters set out in para 3 of the Notification, and
in particular, para 3(_d_), have been judiciously designed to be sufficiently
flexible to allow for the inclusion of other situational considerations which
may carry significant weight in a particular case.

45 The four criteria in para 3 of the Notification are schematically set out
in a mode that does not indicate any particular precedence or that all four of
the listed criteria must be identically satisfied in every application for _ad
hoc_ admission. No particular weight has been assigned to any of the matters
identified as being relevant in assessing the merits of an application.
Paragraph 3 of the Notification does not set out a new rigid four-stage test
that replaces the earlier test in s 21 of the 1990 LPA of “sufficient
difficulty and complexity and having regard to the circumstances of the case”.
Additionally, the court is not obliged to invariably accord equal weight to
each of the matters listed in para 3 of the Notification (see below at [63]).
It would be inappropriate, and, indeed, unprincipled, to give equal emphasis
to the four matters identified in para 3 of the Notification, given that the
application of these matters to the facts is necessarily fact-dependent. What
the court is obliged to do in considering an application for the _ad hoc_
admission of foreign senior counsel is to _carefully evaluate_ these matters
in the exercise of its discretion to grant or reject the application. Having
considered all these matters, the court may well decide that on the facts of a
particular case, less weight should be assigned to some or even most of them.
In short, the emphases to be placed on the matters identified in paras
3(_a_)–3(_d_) of the Notification will necessarily vary from case to case. The
court now has a _substantial_ , although not unfettered, discretion in
assessing the merits of each _ad hoc_ admission application. Having made this
clear, I now consider each of the specific matters identified in para 3 of the
Notification.

(1) The nature of the factual and legal issues involved in the case

46 Paragraph 3(_a_) of the Notification evinces an important shift in the law
on _ad hoc_ admission. As mentioned above (at [33]–[34]), prior to the 2012
Amendment, it was an essential requirement for the applicant to satisfy the
court that the issues in the underlying case were of “sufficient difficulty
and complexity”. If the applicant failed to do so, his or her application
would fail _in limine_ without the court having to go on to consider whether
the circumstances of the case warranted the court’s exercise of its discretion
to admit him or her: see _Price QC_ at [8] and [11].

47 This threshold requirement has now been unambiguously removed by the 2012
Amendment. Paragraph 3(_a_) of the Notification now provides that the court
must consider “the nature of the factual and legal issues involved in the
case” when deciding whether to grant an application for _ad hoc_ admission.
This requires the court to identify and apply its mind to the factual and
legal issues which have been raised by the parties’ pleadings in the
underlying case. This may also include considering procedural or evidential
complexities which will or are likely to arise in the course of the underlying
case, and which will thus affect or influence the resolution of the factual
and legal issues. Such procedural and evidential issues may, depending on the
course which the case takes, sometimes even overshadow the factual or legal
issues and consequently be decisive of the entire dispute.

48 While the courts may, all other things being equal, be more inclined to
grant an application for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel in
cases where the legal and/or factual issues are complicated and difficult,
this is no longer the only perspective from which these issues should be
viewed. Given that para 3(_a_) of the Notification merely deals with the
“nature” of the issues in the case, the courts may also consider, _inter alia_
, the novelty of the issues involved (even if they are not complicated and
difficult) and the area of law in which these issues arise. For instance, if
the issues are novel and concern an area of law in which the decision can have
significant precedential value, or if there is considerable public interest in
the outcome, such as in the areas of corporate governance or finance, the
courts may be more likely to grant an application for _ad hoc_ admission even
if the matter does not involve particularly complex legal or factual issues.

49 In the present case, I granted leave to Mr Vijya to file a supplementary
affidavit setting out the factual, legal, procedural and evidential issues
which are in issue in Suit 453/2009 (see below at [71]) as this application is
the first application under the new regime for the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel. Going forward, however, applicants should support
their application by specific reference to the issues involved in the
underlying case with reference to the pleadings and/or affidavits (where
appropriate). This will assist the court in deciding whether to grant the _ad
hoc_ admission application.

(2) The necessity for the services of a foreign senior counsel

50 Paragraph 3(_b_) of the Notification provides that the court must consider
“the necessity for the services of a foreign senior counsel”. The word
“necessity” is an etymological chameleon that takes colour from its context.
An attempt to conclusively define it would not be helpful. In my view, para
3(_b_) of the Notification should be read broadly and in a common-sense manner
to include all matters which indicate that the services of a foreign senior
counsel are needed by the litigant for the proper conduct of the case. That
said, in assessing the “necessity” or otherwise of the services of a foreign
senior counsel, the context which the court ought to consider is the need for
such services _in relation to_ the particular case before it.

51 An example where it is necessary to engage the services of a foreign senior
counsel might be where there are either no Senior Counsel or other local
lawyers with appropriate expertise or experience available, or where even if
the theoretical availability of Senior Counsel or such local lawyers exists,
they are not _readily_ available. Not infrequently, a case may require urgent
undivided attention because of the nature of the case and/or because of the
court’s timelines. The reality is that competent counsel of choice in
Singapore are not always immediately available. It may then become necessary
to secure the services of a foreign senior counsel who can be immediately
engaged to put forward and argue a litigant’s case. The services become a
“necessity” for the litigant because of the pressing imperatives of the case.
These observations should not be interpreted as suggesting that it would be
appropriate to immediately engage a foreign senior counsel in every case that
demands urgent attention. As I mentioned earlier, this is just one of the
matters to be considered in assessing an application for _ad hoc_ admission.

52 I should add that the fewer the number of local counsel with appropriate
experience, the more “necessary” it becomes for the services of a foreign
senior counsel. It is important to note, however, that what is relevant is the
number of local counsel with _appropriate_ expertise, _ie_ , experience which
allows them to put forward and argue the litigant’s case competently, having
regard to the specific issues raised in the underlying case. I should also
point out that there is some overlap between para 3(_b_) and para 3(_d_) of
the Notification, particularly where the factor of equality of arms is
concerned (see below at [59]–[61]).

(3) The availability of any Senior Counsel or other advocate and solicitor
with appropriate experience

53 Paragraph 3(_c_) of the Notification requires the court to consider “the
availability of any Senior Counsel or other advocate and solicitor with
appropriate experience”.

54 Under the old (_ie_ , pre-1 April 2012) law, the availability of local
counsel who were able and willing to handle the case was an important factor
for consideration by the court, although it need not be shown by the applicant
that absolutely no local counsel was able and willing to take on the case: see
_Joseph QC_ at [46]–[51]. The lack of local expertise in a particular area of
law would tend to indicate that even a moderately difficult or complex case
might warrant the admission of a foreign senior counsel: see _Joseph QC_ at
[19].

55 A litigant must take reasonable steps to ascertain the availability of
Senior Counsel or other local counsel with appropriate experience.[note: 10]
As the Law Minister reiterated during the 2012 parliamentary debates, “ad hoc
counsel will only be admitted on the basis of need, and it will not be a free
for all”. This does not, however, mean that the litigant must take steps to
contact all Senior Counsel or even a significant number of them. The scope of
inquiry which a litigant is reasonably expected to undertake will depend,
_inter alia_ , on the nature of the issues being contested as well as the
developments in the case. Matters can become procedurally complex and/or
legally intricate if missteps have been taken. It is trite that some matters,
despite having substantive merits, can be severely compromised if incorrect
procedures are adopted.

56 I do not agree with the Law Society’s narrow submission that it is only in
cases where a litigant seeks counsel to act against a bank or a large
corporate entity that it suffices for the litigant to ascertain the
availability of Senior Counsel in just the larger law firms. The Law Society’s
submission suggests that in other matters, more extensive efforts ought to be
made to ascertain the availability of other counsel. Where a case involves a
dispute between individuals, it does not necessarily follow that the litigant
is required to make more extensive efforts in approaching Senior Counsel as
well as other local counsel with appropriate experience to act. _Focusing on
the identity of the parties to the litigation alone would prize form over
substance._ Indeed, the facts of Suit 453/2009 illustrate the danger of having
regard to the identity of the parties to the litigation _per se_ : although
the Plaintiff and the Defendants are all individuals, the amount at stake here
is significant – being $4.5m under the primary cause of action and $11.4m
under the alternative cause of action – and the four largest law firms in
Singapore are either conflicted out of acting for the Plaintiff or are
unwilling to take on the case for him. As more than a third of all practising
Senior Counsel are from these four law firms, there is force in Mr Vijya’s
submission that he has made reasonable attempts to secure local counsel with
appropriate experience.

57 In deciding whether the litigant concerned has in fact taken reasonable
steps to secure Senior Counsel or other local counsel with appropriate
experience, the court should consider, _inter alia_ , the number of Senior
Counsel or other local counsel who have the appropriate experience to deal
with the issues in the underlying case, the steps taken (if any) by the
litigant to instruct such Senior Counsel or local counsel and the reasons (if
any) why those steps were unsuccessful. Where a litigant has taken reasonable
steps to instruct Senior Counsel or other local counsel with appropriate
experience, this will generally be a factor in his favour for the court to
consider. Where a litigant has in fact previously instructed Senior Counsel or
other local counsel with appropriate experience at an earlier stage of the
same proceedings but where the counsel instructed has since ceased to act for
the litigant, this may _a fortiori_ count as a factor in the litigant’s
favour. I should caution here, in respect to this scenario, that the reasons
why the counsel instructed ceased to act for the litigant could also be
relevant. A litigant who has conducted himself unreasonably, thereby leading
to his instructed counsel discharging himself, should not have his application
for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel assessed more favourably.
Where, however, a litigant who has previously engaged Senior Counsel or other
experienced local counsel has lost confidence in the counsel instructed for
legitimate reason(s) and subsequently seeks the assistance of foreign senior
counsel, this may assist in justifying the application for _ad hoc_ admission.

(4) Whether, having regard to the circumstances of the case, it is reasonable
to admit a foreign senior counsel for the purpose of the case

58 Turning now to para 3(_d_) of the Notification, I agree with the Law
Society’s submission that this sub-paragraph is a catch-all provision in so
far as it allows the court to consider other relevant matters not set out in
the other limbs of para 3 of the Notification when deciding whether a foreign
senior counsel should be admitted.[note: 11] Plainly, the 2012 Amendment is
intended to give greater discretion to the courts in deciding whether or not
to grant an application for _ad hoc_ admission, with each application to be
assessed on a case-by-case basis (see above at [31]–[32]). Given the broad
nature of this discretionary mandate, I will not circumscribe para 3(_d_) of
the Notification by attempting to define “reasonableness” for the purposes of
this sub-paragraph. It will suffice to illustrate some of the factors that
might be considered in assessing “reasonableness”.

59 One particular factor which may now be considered, in view of para 3(_d_)
of the Notification, is equality of arms. Prior to the coming into force of
the 2012 Amendment, the idea of equality of arms was not relevant _per se_.
This was made clear in _Godfrey Gerald QC v UBS AG and others_ [2003] 2 SLR(R)
306 (“ _Gerald QC_ ”), where the Court of Appeal stated:

33 Without the assistance of a QC, Mr Wee would have it that he would be
embroiled in a battle of “David and Goliath” proportions because UBS was
represented by Mr Davinder Singh SC, “arguably Singapore’s foremost litigator”
with the backing of the “vast resources of Drew and Napier”. In support of his
contention that the courts should admit a QC to level the playing field, Mr
Wee seized upon the case of _Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 943,
where the High Court permitted the defendant, who was already represented by a
SC, to hire a QC in order to “ensure a level playing field” against the
plaintiff, who was already represented by a QC.

34 We were of the view that Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC _does not stand for the
general principle that the circumstances warrant the admission [of]__a QC when
the opposing side is represented by a SC. The High Court’s reference to the
principle of a level playing field must be read in the context where the court
had already decided that the factual and legal matrix of the case was
sufficiently complex and difficult to warrant the admission of a QC on the
plaintiff’s behalf._ It would seem perverse in those circumstances, therefore,
to deny the application by the defendant’s QC.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, Prof Tan Yock Lin observed in “Legal Profession” (2003) SAL Ann Rev
354 at para 18.11 _vis-à-vis_ the pre-1 April 2012 _ad hoc_ admission scheme:

_The level-playing-field argument is never an adequate consideration_ **_on
its own_** **.** It necessarily presupposes the existence of points of
difficulty and complexity requiring elucidation by a QC; without that, the
level-playing-field argument proves too much. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

60 The position set out in the two extracts just quoted was apparently
primarily predicated on the wording of the then equivalent of s 15 of the
current LPA, which, before the 2012 Amendment, required the court to be
satisfied that the issues in the case were “of sufficient difficulty and
complexity” before it could grant an application for the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel. That was why the Court of Appeal in _Gerald QC_ held
that the mere fact that there was inequality of arms was not _per se_
sufficient to justify granting the application for _ad hoc_ admission: the
threshold “sufficient difficulty and complexity” requirement had to be
satisfied as well. As this threshold requirement has since been _removed_ ,
the relevance and/or importance of the idea of equality of arms has to be
considered afresh. The Law Minister pointedly noted during the 2012
parliamentary debates (quoting from Chan CJ’s speech during the Opening of the
Legal Year 2011) that the 2012 Amendment was not intended “to disadvantage
litigants who [could not] afford equivalent representation” (see [31] above).
In my view, however, in cases where one party has _already_ obtained
representation by Senior Counsel and the other party has been unable to secure
_equivalent representation_ locally despite _genuine efforts_ to do so, this
could now be a pertinent consideration in assessing whether it is a
“necessity” and/or “reasonable in all the circumstances” to permit the _ad
hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel. Nonetheless, this issue is not _ex
ante_ a decisive consideration because the express wording of the Notification
requires the court to consider various other matters before arriving at its
decision, although decisive weight may well be attributed to this factor in
the context of a particular case. I agree with Mr Vijya that there may
sometimes, depending on the particular factual matrix of a case, be “a world
of difference between having the assistance of leading counsel behind the
scenes in formulating written submissions, and having the advantage of their
presence in court to argue the case”,[note: 12] especially in a trial which
turns on findings of fact.

61 I would add that although the threshold “sufficient difficulty and
complexity” requirement under the old law has been removed, the nature of the
issues in the underlying case will usually affect the weight (if any) which
will be placed on equality of arms in a particular case. Equality of arms is
but a means to an end, and if that end is likely to be achieved _even if_
there is an inequality, or even significant inequality, of arms, there is no
reason to accord substantial weight to this factor. This may occur, for
instance, where the issues in the underlying case are simple. Here, I note
that the then Minister for Law, Prof Jayakumar, rightly cautioned during the
parliamentary debates on the 1991 Amendments that there should be “ _no abuse
and … QCs [should] not [be] admitted for the_** _very_** _simple, routine or
uncomplicated cases_ ” [emphasis added in italics and bold italics] (see above
at [27]). For instance, it is difficult to imagine that a foreign senior
counsel will be admitted to handle a summary judgment application even if the
amount at stake is substantial. Nonetheless, the courts should be slow to
discount equality of arms altogether because a skilled advocate may, while
adhering to the spirit of his legal and ethical responsibilities, be able to
secure success for his client where a less experienced or skilled advocate may
falter.

62 Another issue which falls within the ambit of para 3(_d_) of the
Notification is the financial ability of the opposing party in the underlying
case to engage equivalent representation. As Chan CJ stated (see [31] above),
the courts do not want to disadvantage litigants who cannot afford equivalent
representation. This would therefore be a relevant consideration where it is
the party with deeper pockets who first seeks the _ad hoc_ admission of a
foreign senior counsel even though the opposing party is not represented by a
Senior Counsel.

General principles

63 From the foregoing analysis, it is apparent that the various factors set
out in para 3 of the Notification are inter-connected in myriad ways. It
follows that the court should always adopt a holistic (and not a formulaic)
approach when assessing the facts of a particular case and deciding what
weight to attribute to any given factor in the context of that case. An
analogy may be drawn here with the law on sentencing, where the matters to be
taken into account by the sentencing judge are clear, but the variability of
their application gives the sentencing judge considerable discretion. The
references by the Law Minister during the 2012 parliamentary debates to a
“judicious balancing of interests” and “substantial discretion” indicate that
it was Parliament’s intention, in deciding not to opt for a special licensing
scheme with a small number of foreign senior counsel being licensed to
practise at the Singapore Bar (see [32] above), to permit the court to
approach each _ad hoc_ admission application with a relatively open mind to
decide what would be reasonable in the circumstances. _Concern for the
particular case at hand_ _is at the heart of the discretion conferred on the
court._ The court has the discretion to extend or make exceptions to the
factors stipulated in the Notification if it is reasonable to do so in order
to take into account the facts of the underlying case. That said, although the
weight attached to a particular factor by the court will largely be a question
of the exercise of discretion, the court must nonetheless consider _all_ the
matters listed in para 3 of the Notification. As noted in William Wade &
Christopher Forsyth, _Administrative Law_ (Oxford University Press, 10th Ed,
2009) at pp 322–323:

_The decision-maker must take the obligatory relevant considerations into
account_ and if he fails to do so the judicial review court will set him
right. **_But the weight to be attached to any consideration is a matter for
the decision-maker._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The learned editors’ observation was made in the context of administrative
law, and the role of a supervisory court is of course quite different from
that of a court exercising an original discretion. Nonetheless, the general
proposition relating to how discretion should be exercised in attributing
weight to multiple relevant factors – _viz_ , that the decision-maker should
consider all the obligatory relevant considerations and should not attribute
manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate weight to any of them – applies
generally throughout the law. The task of applying the statutorily-mandated
factors to particular situations will often be a complex matter requiring an
irreducible element of assessment or judgment. Similar observations have been
made by the Court of Appeal in other contexts: for instance, in _Public
Prosecutor v Kwong Kok Hing_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 684 at [13]–[16] in the context
of the appellate review of sentencing decisions by lower courts, and again in
_JIO Minerals FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 at
[40] in the context of the appellate review of decisions on whether to grant a
stay of proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_.

64 As stated earlier, the intent of the 2012 Amendment is to give the courts
greater discretion in dealing with applications for the _ad hoc_ admission of
foreign senior counsel by removing the threshold requirement that the issues
in the case must be of “sufficient difficulty and complexity” and by easing
the admission requirements for appropriate matters. In turn, the purpose of
granting greater discretion to the courts is to ensure that a litigant is able
to instruct foreign senior counsel with expertise that is commensurate with
and relevant to the issues in the underlying case if the litigant has been
unable to instruct equivalent local counsel despite taking reasonable steps to
do so (see [31]–[32] above). It is no longer necessary to show that the issues
in the case are of “sufficient difficulty and complexity”. Conversely, even if
the issues are of sufficient difficulty and complexity, it will not
necessarily follow that the application for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign
senior counsel will be granted. The focus has now shifted from the difficulty
and complexity of the issues in the underlying case to all the matters stated
in para 3 of the Notification. Difficult and complex issues may well be
competently put forward and argued by local counsel who are available and who
have the appropriate expertise.

65 The above examination of the historical evolution of the _ad hoc_ admission
scheme amply illustrates how the present scheme has radically modified the
earlier criteria for admission. Of particular relevance is the decision by
Parliament to devolve to the Chief Justice the discretion to set out the
matters to be considered by the courts in deciding each and every application
for _ad hoc_ admission. The four matters specified in para 3 of the
Notification are now the touchstone for the courts in assessing applications
for _ad hoc_ admission. Previous cases on _ad hoc_ admission are now only of
limited relevance. The effect of this sea change has not been properly
appreciated by counsel opposing the present application, who appear to be
still unduly wedded to case law based on the previous _ad hoc_ admission
scheme.

66 Now, the overriding concern of the courts in dealing with applications for
the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign counsel is to strike a balance between a
plurality of objectives, which include: (a) nurturing the local Bar; (b)
allowing litigants to engage counsel of their choice to advance their case as
well as possible; and (c) ensuring the proper and timely administration of
justice. In Re _Caplan Jonathan Michael QC_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 412 (“ _Caplan QC_
”), Yong Pung How CJ held (at [21]) that it would also be relevant if any
adverse findings at the trial would be likely to impugn the integrity of the
litigants and thereby cause significant harm to their business interests. More
recently, I observed in _Joseph QC_ (at [59]) that another relevant factor was
whether there was a wider public interest in the development of local law in
the specific area(s) of law involved in the underlying dispute.

67 The aforesaid balancing process is highly discretionary and will turn on
the precise factual matrix of each case. The court is required to engage in a
judicious balancing of the competing interests in each case (see [31] above).
In considering each application for _ad hoc_ admission, the courts will
examine the nature of the issues in the underlying case with reference to the
availability of local counsel with appropriate experience as well as other
factors, including whether there is a necessity for the services of a foreign
senior counsel to represent the litigant in court. In this process, it is
incumbent on the litigant to set out the steps (if any) which he has taken to
instruct local counsel with appropriate experience, _ie_ , experience which
adequately equips the local counsel in question to advance the litigant’s case
competently. I should stress, however, that the mere fact that there are
available local counsel who can, having regard to the issues raised,
_competently_ put forward a litigant’s case will not _necessarily_ mean that
there is no necessity for the services of a foreign senior counsel because all
the other circumstances of the case will also have to be considered. Competent
representation is one aspect of the equation; skilled representation is
another. One factor which may be highly pertinent is the degree of imbalance
between opposing counsel in the underlying case in terms of skill, knowledge
and available resources. In addition, the courts also have an interest in
every matter to ensure that a litigant’s interests are not only competently
represented, but also litigated in a timely manner.

Whether the Applicant’s application for _ad hoc_ admission should be granted

68 Having set out the general principles which now govern applications for the
_ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel after the 2012 Amendment, I now
consider whether the Applicant’s application should be granted with reference
to Suit 453/2009.

69 There can be no doubt that the Applicant’s qualifications and experience
are relevant to Suit 453/2009, thus satisfying the s 15(1)(_c_) requirement
(see [38]–[39] above). The Applicant has extensive experience in dispute
resolution in the courtroom and in arbitration, with a particular emphasis on
commercial law.[note: 13] She is an experienced trial advocate with a
reputation as a formidable cross-examiner, and is also the co-author of a
leading practitioners’ textbook on guarantees. I note that the Law Society did
not argue that the Applicant did not satisfy the s 15(1)(_c_) requirement, and
that the Attorney-General did not doubt that the legal issues in Suit 453/2009
were well within the Applicant’s capabilities.[note: 14] I therefore determine
that she has special experience for the purpose of the case.

70 The parties in Suit 453/2009 have proceeded to the Court of Appeal twice on
interlocutory matters, _viz_ , in relation to, respectively, the Defendants’
striking-out applications and the Plaintiff’s application for leave to amend
his pleadings. This is relevant in so far as it indicates that counsel
handling the trial of Suit 453/2009 may have to contend with issues arising
from the conduct of and/or the affidavits filed in these interlocutory
matters.

71 In his supplementary affidavit dated 31 August 2012,[note: 15] Mr Vijya
stated that the issues in Suit 453/2009 are, _inter alia_ , as follows:

(a) Procedural and evidential issues:

(i) Should the question of whether there was a settlement agreement, and, if
so, whether the settlement agreement was enforceable by the Plaintiff, be
tried as preliminary issues?

(ii) How should the evidence relating to the settlement negotiations be dealt
with at the trial? Should such evidence be admissible only for the purpose of
determining if there was a settlement agreement?

(iii) What is the scope and impact of the decision in _Ng Chee Weng (HC)_
(cited at [4] above), which struck out (_inter alia_) various paragraphs of
the Plaintiff’s SOC on the basis that the evidence relating to the settlement
negotiations was inadmissible with reference to the pleadings at that time?

(b) Factual issues:

(i) Was a settlement agreement reached in 2009? If so, what were the terms of
this settlement agreement? Was this settlement agreement subsequently
repudiated?

(ii) Was there a trust arrangement such that the First Defendant held certain
shares in the Company on trust for the Plaintiff between 2002 and 2007?

(c) Legal issues:

(i) If there was a repudiatory breach of the settlement agreement by the
Plaintiff and the First Defendant accepted it, what legal consequences follow?
Is the First Defendant left with a remedy in damages only, or can he elect to
treat the settlement agreement as rescinded?

(ii) If there was an agreement in 2002 for the First Defendant to purchase the
Plaintiff’s shares in the Company, as the Plaintiff has alleged, at what point
in time did the beneficial ownership in those shares pass to the First
Defendant so as to entitle him to keep any dividends declared? Was it: (A) as
soon as the shares were transferred into his name on the register so that he
became their legal owner; (B) when he paid part of the price, and, if so, how
much of the purchase price; or (C) when he paid the purchase price in full?

72 Having considered these issues, I must say that the issues identified by Mr
Vijya hardly impress me as being beyond the expected expertise of experienced
local commercial counsel. This application would plainly not satisfy the
previous test of “sufficient difficulty or complexity”. But, the law has
changed and the previous test is no longer dispositive. While the magnitude
and significance of some of the issues set out in Mr Vijya’s supplementary
affidavit appear to have been overstated, there are nonetheless certain
factual and legal issues which have to be carefully forensically assessed and
then addressed at the trial of Suit 453/2009 and any appeal therefrom (see
[73]–[74] below).

73 I accept Mr Bull’s submission that the resolution of the two main factual
issues in Suit 453/2009 – _viz_ , whether there was a settlement agreement in
March 2009 and, alternatively, whether any shares in the Company were held on
trust for the Plaintiff by the First Defendant from 2002 to 2007 – will
largely turn on the credibility of the Plaintiff and the First
Defendant.[note: 16] This is because there appears to be a dearth of
documentary evidence in the underlying case – as the Defendants themselves
have stated, there are no documents evidencing the alleged settlement
agreement or the alleged trust.[note: 17] The only available contemporaneous
documents appear to be two emails from the Plaintiff to the First Defendant
and one SMS message, which, according to the Defendants, collectively
constitute evidence of a repudiation by the Plaintiff of the alleged
settlement agreement even if such an agreement existed.[note: 18] Therefore,
this case would in substance and in reality turn very much on the word of
either party. Accordingly, a lawyer skilled in cross-examination and trial
matters would greatly assist the Plaintiff in putting forward his case in the
best possible manner, affording him the representation that he needs and
desires. In this regard, it is pertinent to note Yong CJ’s observation in
_Caplan QC_ (cited at [66] above) that (at [20]):

… [T]he complex factual matrix of the case bears elucidation through the
skilful advocacy of Queen’s Counsel. Counsel appearing at the trial will face
the crucial task of assembling the relevant pieces of evidence, marshalling
them into coherent form and presenting them lucidly to the trial court. He
will also have to undermine and if possible, destroy the version of events
being offered by witnesses from the opposing side. In all, this is an exercise
where the expert court craft of a Queen’s Counsel will be of invaluable
assistance to the trial court.

While Yong CJ’s observation was made in the context of a case which he held to
be factually difficult and complex (thus satisfying the high threshold under
the previous law), whereas Suit 453/2009 does not appear to involve issues of
such a high degree of difficulty and complexity, Yong CJ’s observation on the
invaluable assistance offered by foreign senior counsel (who generally possess
“expert court craft” (see _Caplan QC_ at [20])) in resolving factual disputes
still resonates in the present case.

74 Additionally, there appear to be some legal issues in respect of which
cross-examination and argument by experienced counsel with a strong grounding
in the relevant areas of contract law and commercial law will likely benefit
the Plaintiff as well as the court (see [71(c)] above). There is, for one, the
issue of the consequences of a possible repudiatory breach of the alleged
settlement agreement by the Plaintiff and, more importantly, the nuanced issue
of precisely when the beneficial ownership in the shares which the Plaintiff
allegedly sold to the Defendant passed.[note: 19] While the Law Society sought
to argue that the latter issue was not necessarily beyond the expertise of
local counsel, it nonetheless accepted that this was a novel point yet to be
considered in local cases.[note: 20]

75 I hasten to add that I do not disagree with Mr Bull’s submission that there
are certainly a good number of competent local commercial counsel who can
handle the trial of Suit 453/2009 and any appeal therefrom. However, this is
not a decisive consideration in this case. In the circumstances of this
particular application, the most significant considerations are as follows:

(a) The Plaintiff has already been represented by several local counsel in the
past, _ie_ , Mr Low, Mr Martin and Prof Tan. Two of them (_viz_ , Mr Martin
and Prof Tan) are Senior Counsel, and Mr Low is an experienced senior lawyer.
This is not a case where the litigant’s _first_ port of call was to apply for
the _ad hoc_ admission of a foreign senior counsel. In fact, the Plaintiff had
earlier sought and engaged Senior Counsel to prepare and argue his case before
the Court of Appeal twice.

(b) It would appear as well that once the history of this matter is
appreciated, it is not difficult to surmise that the Plaintiff has lost
confidence in local counsel. Certain paragraphs of the Plaintiff’s original
SOC were struck out by a High Court judge (see [4] above) because facts
pertaining to “without prejudice” negotiations were pleaded even though the
SOC did not plead that a settlement agreement had been reached. The
Plaintiff’s case was pleaded at the outset in a less than satisfactory
way.[note: 21] In fairness to Prof Tan and Mr Martin, I should add that they
were not responsible for this unhappy entanglement in the Plaintiff’s
pleadings. As a result of these altogether avoidable pleading problems, the
Plaintiff has been exposed to additional and unnecessary costs, and has been
seriously procedurally disadvantaged. The trial has also been unduly delayed.
The Plaintiff must be deeply unhappy that, and bewildered by how, his
“straightforward” claim has been unhappily mired through no fault of his.

(c) This may be contrasted with the more positive experience which the
Plaintiff has had in the course of the proceedings from the time he received
the Applicant’s assistance and advice. Notably, the Applicant helped
extensively with the reformulation of the Plaintiff’s pleadings after the
First Proposed Amendment was found by the Court of Appeal to be legally
embarrassing.[note: 22] I find that in the prevailing circumstances after the
Plaintiff’s appeal in CA 93/2009 was dismissed and Mr Martin ceased to act for
the Plaintiff, it was perfectly understandable for the Plaintiff to engage a
foreign senior counsel to get his pleadings back on track, given that the
legal assistance which he had initially obtained had severely undermined his
confidence in local counsel. In fairness again to Mr Martin, he appears to
have been involved in the preparation for the hearing of CA 93/2009 only at a
late stage. The Plaintiff’s case for CA 93/2009, which was filed on 1 March
2010, was prepared by Mr Vijya, and it was only the Plaintiff’s skeletal
submissions, which were filed on 12 May 2010, that were prepared by Mr Martin.
The first hearing of CA 93/2009 took place on 17 May 2010. Despite being
involved at such a late stage, Mr Martin nonetheless pragmatically attempted
to put forward the best possible case he could for the Plaintiff in the
circumstances by suggesting the First Proposed Amendment.

(d) The dismissal of the present application would result in the incurring of
further and considerable costs as well as inconvenience on the Plaintiff’s
part because he would then have to find and instruct experienced local
commercial counsel in whom he can securely repose his confidence. Most
experienced counsel usually insist on working with their teams, and this may
drive costs up substantially. Here, in contrast, the Applicant appears to be
content to be instructed and supported by Mr Vijya alone. The quantum of
solicitor-and-client costs becomes a more acute consideration if the litigant
is an individual (as contrasted to a bank or other large corporate entity).

(e) A very real and practical consideration would also be the schedules of
leading local commercial counsel. These individuals are, for obvious reasons,
usually very busy. They will therefore typically be less willing to take on a
case for a one-off client who is an individual.

(f) Another consideration is the potential uphill task faced by the Plaintiff
in embarking at this late stage on a search for leading local commercial
counsel to represent him. This case has already passed through the hands of
several experienced counsel, and the trial is to take place very shortly.
Unfortunately, in such circumstances, it is less likely that any leading local
commercial counsel will readily take up this file with alacrity. Few (if any)
experienced riders will ordinarily want to attempt to mount an unruly horse in
difficult terrain, especially when it is known that others either have been
thrown off or have declined to mount the horse. The reality that must be
openly acknowledged is that leading counsel have considerably less appetite to
accept engagements for matters that they would have handled quite differently
had they been engaged from the outset.

76 The Defendants continue to be ably represented by Mr Bull, a well-regarded
Senior Counsel. Mr Bull has managed twice to persuade the High Court to
effectively dismiss the Plaintiff’s case (_viz_ , by allowing the Defendants’
striking-out applications and by denying the Plaintiff leave to make the
Second Proposed Amendment to the SOC). The Court of Appeal, however, has twice
taken the view that the Plaintiff ought to have his day in court. The
Plaintiff, in my view, should not be put to further and _unnecessary expense
and difficulties_ that might impede his ability to effectively air his legal
grievances in court.

77 The Plaintiff earlier unsuccessfully tried to engage or made inquiries
about engaging Senior Counsel from the three other largest law firms in
Singapore (apart from D&N), _ie_ , WP, A&G and R&T. The Plaintiff now seeks to
admit comparable foreign senior counsel. This touches on what the Law Minister
termed “[t]he real rationale” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88) for the 2012 Amendment, which is to avoid a
situation where “litigants are unable to instruct the best of the SCs that
they do want to engage” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88), especially in complex civil cases (see
[32] above). This does not mean that a litigant ought not to be allowed
equivalent representation in appropriate cases even if the case is not
complex. The acid test now, in the final analysis, is whether it is proper in
all the circumstances to admit a foreign senior counsel. I reiterate that
there is no need for a litigant to exhaust all his options in so far as
approaching local counsel is concerned before the court will consider his
application for the _ad hoc_ admission of a foreign legal counsel to represent
him.

78 The approach adopted in the Notification is one of balancing competing
interests, and no threshold requirements have been identified as laying down
an iron rule, although it may well be that the presence or absence of a
particular factor may prove to be decisive in different cases. That said,
reasonable efforts to engage local counsel with appropriate experience
ordinarily have to be established by the litigant before he makes an
application to the court for the _ad hoc_ admission of foreign senior counsel.
I am satisfied that genuine and adequate attempts to secure local
representation have been shown on the present facts, given that the Plaintiff
has already made inquiries with three of the largest law firms in Singapore to
no avail, and given, further, that Mr Martin and Prof Tan (both of whom are
not from large firms) have affirmed that they will not be taking any further
part in this matter.

79 I will also add that given the history of this case and the way in which
the SOC was originally formulated, it is not surprising that the Plaintiff did
not begin looking for experienced local counsel _for the purpose of the trial_
at the point in time when he was resisting the Defendants’ striking-out
applications or arguing that leave to amend the SOC should be granted. The
Plaintiff should not be expected to have divided his attention and resources
at that time, given the shakiness of his pleaded case then. It was only when
the Court of Appeal allowed the Second Proposed Amendment in November 2011 and
the Plaintiff cleared the last procedural hurdle that it would be reasonable
to expect him to look for an experienced litigator for the trial. But, by
then, the costs of instructing yet another local counsel to handle the trial
would have been significantly more than the costs of making an application for
the _ad hoc_ admission of the Applicant, who is already familiar with the
case.

80 The imbalance in the quality of legal representation is, in this case, a
pertinent factor for the court to consider (see above at [59]–[61]). This is
the equality of arms point. It is a legitimate concern of the Plaintiff that
he wishes to secure legal representation which _matches_ the Defendants’
representation in terms of skill (_vis-à-vis_ advocacy and advice), experience
and knowledge of the law. It would be unjust to deprive the Plaintiff of such
representation, in the form of the Applicant, given the particular context and
history of this case.

81 I readily agree with Mr Bull’s submission that a local lawyer can, given
time, familiarise himself with the facts and issues in this case. However,
this argument cannot be taken too far because, logically, any lawyer can
familiarise himself with the facts and issues in any case, however difficult
and complex, given enough time. In this particular case, the Plaintiff has
already engaged three different senior lawyers, _viz_ , Mr Low, Mr Martin and
Prof Tan, at the earlier interlocutory stages of Suit 453/2009. He has already
incurred the getting-up expenses of these three lawyers. I must add that much
of these expenses would have been entirely avoidable had the Plaintiff’s case
been properly pleaded at the outset. The Plaintiff is understandably deeply
aggrieved and his confidence in local counsel has been severely undermined.
Further, any new counsel who might be instructed will have to work under very
tight time constraints. While it is true that Mr Vijya might have made this
application earlier, I will not take this as a point against the Plaintiff,
given the unhappy history of this matter and given also the fact that the 2012
Amendment was officially enacted only earlier this year. I also take into
account the considerable delay of well over a year caused by the Defendants’
mistaken attempts to resist the Second Proposed Amendment (see above at
[11]–[13]).

82 Dismissing the Applicant’s application would mean that the Plaintiff would
have to incur further costs in instructing new local counsel, who would have
to acquaint himself or herself with the case and do the getting-up for the
trial. The Applicant, on the other hand, is already intimately familiar with
the case (in relation to the facts, the relevant legal issues and the arguably
convoluted procedural history), having been involved in the preparation of the
Second Proposed Amendment in 2010.[note: 23] In fact if the Applicant is
admitted, she would be ready to conduct the trial without undue delay, even if
(owing to the date of this decision) she cannot meet the scheduled trial dates
of 26 to 30 November 2012 tentatively fixed by the Registry. It would
therefore appear eminently more reasonable – effort, experience and cost-wise
– to allow her to be admitted to conduct the trial of this matter.

83 I accept the Law Society’s and the Attorney-General’s submissions that a
litigant is not automatically entitled to have a foreign senior counsel
represent him merely because the opposing party is represented by a Senior
Counsel or a foreign senior counsel.[note: 24] The quality of representation
on the opposing side is but one of the many factors which the court must weigh
in the balance, and the weight to be attributed to this factor must
necessarily be contextually assessed. Indeed, I note that Mr Vijya accepted
that the significance of the ability of counsel on the opposing side would
vary according to the factual matrix of the case.[note: 25] As noted above (at
[31]), “ _ad hoc_ admission [of foreign senior counsel] will be on a _case by
case_ basis, with the court doing a judicious balancing of competing interests
in each case” [emphasis added] (_per_ the Law Minister in _Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (14 February 2012) vol 88, quoting
from Chan CJ’s speech at the Opening of the Legal Year 2011).

84 For ease of reference, I now summarise the key considerations in arriving
at my decision to allow this application. For the avoidance of doubt, I should
add that it is the totality of the circumstances and matters mentioned in this
judgment that have persuaded me to grant this application.

Summary of the key considerations in the present case

85 It is noteworthy that the Plaintiff’s claim was not properly formulated at
the outset despite the fact that he instructed and/or consulted experienced
local commercial counsel. It is highly unusual for any case to reach the Court
of Appeal twice on procedural matters. What makes this matter extraordinary is
the fact that both appeals involved essentially the same issue – the proper
formulation of the Plaintiff’s claim. On both occasions, the Court of Appeal
concluded that the Plaintiff ought to have his day in court if his claim were
properly formulated (see [7]–[13] above). The trial of this matter ought to
have taken place long ago. The Plaintiff has already been put to considerable
legal expense and subjected to both considerable anxiety and inconvenience.
This was not his fault (and, indeed, would have been entirely avoidable if
counsel had properly pleaded the Plaintiff’s case from the outset). A litigant
is entitled to repose in his counsel complete confidence that he can and will
competently formulate a legitimate claim in a manner that complies with all
the applicable procedural requirements.

86 I find that given the tortured procedural history of this matter and the
Plaintiff’s unhappy experiences with local counsel (who were either unable to
formulate the Plaintiff’s claim properly or unable to commit themselves to
conduct the entirety of the proceedings), it was entirely understandable and
reasonable for the Plaintiff, following the dismissal of CA 93/2009 and Mr
Martin’s decision to cease acting for him, to have then sought advice from a
foreign senior counsel, _viz_ , the Applicant. It was the Applicant who
finally managed to get the Plaintiff’s case back on the procedural runway. She
is now familiar with the matter and no additional getting-up will be required
if she were to represent the Plaintiff in this matter in court. She is ready
to proceed with the trial, although, in view of the date of this decision, she
may not be able to meet the tentative trial dates fixed by the Registry. On
the other hand, if another local counsel were to be engaged, he or she would
have to acquaint himself or herself with the facts as well as the entire
history of the matter. Further costs will be incurred by the Plaintiff, and
these costs are likely to be substantial. It is, in my view, unjust if this
should happen as the Plaintiff is not to be personally blamed for his present
unhappy predicament _._ Given the history of the matter, the Plaintiff also
entertains legitimate concerns about his chances of securing the services of a
local counsel who can match the forensic ability of Mr Bull (see
[75(e)]–[75(f)] above).

87 There is also a further consideration from the court’s point of view that
is not unimportant, which is this: the hearing of this matter has been long
delayed for procedural reasons. As I mentioned earlier at [13] above, in _Ng
Chee Weng (CA)_ , the Court of Appeal pointedly noted (at [105]) that “more
than two years ha[d] passed since the commencement of the suit, yet the actual
trial ha[d] not even begun because the [Defendants had] been _valiantly
resisting_ _every single application of the [Plaintiff] at the interlocutory
stage_ ” [emphasis added]. Undoubtedly, this delay was first caused by the
inability of the Plaintiff’s then counsel to get the Plaintiff’s claim off the
procedural runway. Nevertheless, another significant contributory factor was
the Defendants’ unyielding efforts in attempting to have the Plaintiff’s
claim(s) effectively dismissed without a hearing. The Defendants’ misplaced
tenacity in impeding the approval of the Second Proposed Amendment prevented a
resolution of this case in good time. The Plaintiff should now have his day in
court as soon as possible, and so should the Defendants. Much time and
considerable costs have already been spent on needless procedural skirmishes.
Further prolonged delays in the hearing of this matter would neither be in the
interests of the parties nor aid in the proper and timely administration of
justice by the court.

88 Given the Applicant’s familiarity with this matter, the trial of Suit
453/2009 can now take place without further undue delay if the present
application is granted. Should another local counsel be briefed, I am
concerned that the hearing of this matter will be inevitably delayed even
further. Competent counsel in Singapore are invariably busy, and it will be
unreasonable to expect any of them to _immediately_ put aside all their
pending matters to attend to the Plaintiff’s problems just to meet the court’s
scheduling. Indeed, the court’s firm case management practices on the
scheduling of trials might also impede the Plaintiff’s ability to secure the
services of leading local commercial counsel to represent him. I have
therefore determined that having regard to the circumstances relevant to this
application (as set out at [69]–[83] above) and to all the matters stated in
para 3 of the Notification, it is proper for the Plaintiff to be represented
by the Applicant in Suit 453/2009, including in any appeals therefrom. For
completeness, I should add that even if the Applicant is unable to proceed
with the tentative trial dates currently fixed by the Registry (given the very
close proximity of the date of this decision and the tentative starting date
for the trial), this factor would not affect the exercise of my discretion in
granting this application. I have taken time to issue this written decision
because of the vigorous opposition to this application (not least from the
Defendants) and the precedential value which this decision may have. Neither
the Plaintiff nor the Applicant can be faulted for this.

Conclusion

89 For the reasons above, I allow the present application with no order as to
costs. I also direct that if, for good reason, any of the parties is unable to
proceed with the trial dates tentatively fixed by the Registry, the Registrar
is to schedule the case for hearing in January 2013 or, if that is not
possible, soon thereafter. The parties have liberty to apply to me for further
consequential directions.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 12.

[note: 2]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 13.

[note: 3]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 13.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 14.

[note: 5]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 14.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 27 July 2012, para 5.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 15.

[note: 8]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 16.

[note: 9]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, para 4.

[note: 10]Law Society’s Written Submissions dated 23 August 2012, para 21.

[note: 11]Law Society’s Written Submissions dated 23 August 2012, para 26.

[note: 12]Applicant’s Skeletal Arguments dated 22 August 2012, para 27.

[note: 13]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21 June 2012, pp 13–18.

[note: 14]Attorney-General’s Submissions dated 21 August 2012, para 11.

[note: 15]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 31 August 2012.

[note: 16]Affidavit of Lin Shumin dated 13 July 2012, para 35.

[note: 17]Affidavit of Lin Shumin dated 13 July 2012, paras 9, 18 and 21.

[note: 18]Affidavit of Lin Shumin dated 13 July 2012, para 12.

[note: 19]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 31 August 2012 at pp 33–34.

[note: 20]Further Written Submissions of Law Society dated 7 September 2012,
para 40.

[note: 21]Written submissions of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 23 August 2012.

[note: 22]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21June 2012, paras 13 and
15.

[note: 23]Affidavit of Narayanan Vijya Kumar dated 21June 2012 at para 17.

[note: 24]Attorney-General’s Submissions dated 21 August 2012, para 22; Law
Society’s Written Submissions dated 23 August 2012, para 18.

[note: 25]Narayanan Vijya Kumar’s Written Submissions dated 23 August 2012,
para 18.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

