Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  PT Pukuafu Indah and others _v_ Newmont Indonesia Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHC 187

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 351 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Teh Ee-Von and Ashton Tan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for
the first to third and fifth to seventh plaintiffs; The fourth plaintiff in
person; Disa Sim Jek Sok and Kelvin Koh Li Qun (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
defendants.  
Parties| :|  PT Pukuafu Indah and others — Newmont Indonesia Ltd and another  
  
11 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This was the plaintiffs’ application to set aside an order (“the Order”) of
the arbitral tribunal (“the Tribunal”) pursuant to s 24 of the International
Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) and Art 34 of the Model Law as
set out in the First Schedule to the IAA.

2 The Order was an interim order made on 15 October 2010. A partial award
(“Partial Award”) was subsequently given by the Tribunal on 7 April 2011.

3 The plaintiffs applied to set aside the Order on the following grounds:

(a) The agreement to arbitrate was found in a contract dated 26 November 2009
made by the first, second and third plaintiffs with the first defendant (“the
Release Agreement”). As the fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh plaintiffs were
not parties to the Release Agreement, it would be a breach of natural justice
for them to be bound by the arbitration proceedings.

(b) The arbitration proceedings arose as a result of the alleged breach of the
Release Agreement but the Release Agreement was unenforceable as it stifled
the prosecution of criminal offences being heard by the Indonesian Courts and
would hence conflict with the public policy of Singapore.

(c) The Release Agreement was invalid under Indonesian law as it had expired
on 26 June 2010.

4 The defendants made the following submissions in response:

(a) The court’s jurisdiction to annul arbitral awards did not extend to the
Order as it was an interim measure.

(b) The application to set aside the Order had been filed out of time.

(c) The application should fail because the plaintiffs had waived their
objections to the Order by declining to participate in the arbitration
proceedings or court proceedings for leave to enforce the Order, and there was
no basis to set aside the Order on grounds of public policy.

I dismissed the application on the basis of grounds (a) and (b) and now set
out the grounds of my decision.

Background facts

5 The first plaintiff, PT Pukuafu Indah (“PTPI”), is a company incorporated in
Indonesia. The six members of the Merukh family – the second, third, fourth,
fifth, sixth and seventh plaintiffs (“the Merukh Parties”) – are 100%
shareholders of PTPI. The first defendant, Newmont Indonesia Limited (“NIL”),
and PTPI are shareholders of an Indonesian company PT Newmont Nusa Tenggara,
which operates a copper and gold mine under mining rights issued by the
Indonesian Government. The second defendant NVL (USA) Limited (“NVL”) is a
company related to NIL and a creditor of PTPI.

6 The full course of events leading up to Arbitration No 102 of 2010/MXM (the
“Arbitration Proceedings”) before the Singapore International Arbitration
Centre (“SIAC”) is complex and, for the purpose of this application, it
suffices to set out the procedural history of the challenged Order. NIL and
NVL had commenced the abovementioned Arbitration Proceedings on 10 August 2010
seeking declaratory and other relief for alleged breaches of contract by PTPI
and the Merukh Parties. The contracts in issue were the Release Agreement of
26 November 2009, a loan agreement dated 25 November 2009 between NVL and
PTPI, and a co-ordination agreement dated 25 November 2009, as amended.

7 Under the Release Agreement, PTPI and the Merukh Parties were allegedly
bound to discontinue two suits that had been commenced in the Indonesian
courts on 9 October 2009 and 24 October 2009. PTPI and the Merukh Parties
subsequently took no steps to discontinue the proceedings, and began
proceedings for three more suits before the South Jakarta District Court on 5
January 2010, 11 March 2010 and 17 July 2010.

8 By an application dated 1 October 2010, NIL and NVL requested the Tribunal
to issue an interim order pursuant to r 26.1 of the SIAC Rules (4th Edn, 1
July 2010) (“SIAC Rules 2010”) restraining PTPI and the Merukh Parties from
continuing with all court proceedings that were pending in the Indonesian
courts (hereafter collectively referred to as the “Indonesian Suits”) or from
commencing fresh proceedings relating to the disputes between them. PTPI and
the Merukh Parties were not present or represented at the hearing for the
application, which took place on 12 October 2010.

9 The Order was issued on 15 October 2010. The High Court granted leave to
enforce the Order on 28 March 2011 pursuant to originating summons no 1192 of
2010. The plaintiffs were served with notice of the enforcement proceedings
but did not appear at the hearing. The plaintiffs then filed this application
on 6 May 2011 to set aside the Order.

Analysis and decision

The meaning of “award” under the IAA

10 Section 24 of the IAA and Art 34 of the Model Law set out the grounds upon
which the High Court may set aside an _award_ of an arbitral tribunal. This
application was brought under the two provisions, and the court’s jurisdiction
to annul the Order was thus only triggered if the Order was an “award” under
the IAA.

11 Section 2 of the IAA defines “award” in the following manner:

“award” means a decision of the arbitral tribunal on the substance of the
dispute and includes any interim, interlocutory or partial award but _excludes
any orders or directions made under section 12._ [emphasis added]

12 Section 12(1) provides as follows:

12(1) Without prejudice to the powers set out in any other provision of this
Act and in the Model Law, an arbitral tribunal shall have powers to make
orders or give directions to any party for —

(_a_) security for costs;

(_b_) discovery of documents and interrogatories;

(_c_) giving of evidence by affidavit;

(_d_) the preservation, interim custody or sale of any property which is or
forms part of the subject-matter of the dispute;

(_e_) samples to be taken from, or any observation to be made of or experiment
conducted upon, any property which is or forms part of the subject-matter of
the dispute;

(_f_) the preservation and interim custody of any evidence for the purposes of
the proceedings;

(_g_) securing the amount in dispute;

(_h_) ensuring that any award which may be made in the arbitral proceedings is
not rendered ineffectual by the dissipation of assets by a party; and

(_i_) an interim injunction or any other interim measure.

An analysis of the nature of the orders and directions listed in s 12
indicates that they are concerned with procedural matters or protective
measures and do not determine the substantive merits of the claim. The
substance-procedure distinction was underscored by the Court of Appeal in _PT
Asuransi_ _Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR 597 (“ _PT
Asuransi_ ”), where the court held (at [66]) that a determination of an
arbitral tribunal must be a decision on the substance of the dispute to be an
“award” for the purposes of Art 34 of the Model Law.

13 Certain legal consequences flow from the categorisation of an order or
direction of an arbitral tribunal as an “award”. An award is “final and
binding on the parties” under s 19B(1) of the IAA. The court may also set
aside an award under s 24 of the IAA and Art 34 of the Model Law, and enforce
an award under s 19 and the Second Schedule to the IAA. The present
application was solely concerned with the setting aside of a decision rendered
by the Tribunal.

Is the Order an “award” under the IAA?

14 I now turn to the question of whether the Order which the plaintiffs sought
to challenge was an “award” under the IAA. It is the substance of the ruling
that is decisive, not the label given by the tribunal: _Re Arbitration Between
Mohamed Ibrahim and Koshi Mohamed_ [1963] MLJ 32, approved by the Court of
Appeal in _PT Asuransi_ at [70].

15 The Order was made in the following terms:

IT IS ORDERED THAT UNTIL FURTHER ORDER BY THIS TRIBUNAL:

1\. The Respondents, whether by themselves, their servants or agents or
otherwise howsoever, shall forthwith each be and are hereby restrained from
proceeding with or continuing with or assisting or participating in the
prosecution of the Indonesian Suits, including but not limited to the taking
of any further steps in relation to any order or judgment of the Indonesian
Courts in the Indonesian Suits (other than to abandon or discontinue the
Indonesian Suits).

2\. The Respondents whether by themselves, their servants or agents or
otherwise howsoever, shall forthwith each be and are hereby restrained from
commencing any further or other proceedings in the courts of the Republic of
Indonesia or elsewhere against the Claimants and/or any of the Released
Parties (as defined in Article 8 of the Release Agreement, pertaining to the
same subject matter as in any of the Indonesian Suits or as covered under the
Release Agreement.

3\. The costs of the application for interim relief be reserved to the Final
Award.

16 The Order was in effect an interim anti-suit injunction restraining the
plaintiffs from continuing proceedings in the Indonesian Suits and from
commencing new court proceedings in Indonesia pending arbitration. Although
the Order, which restrained the plaintiffs from continuing with the
prosecution of the Indonesian Court proceedings, was the substantive relief
sought by the defendants in the arbitration, it had only interim effect. It
was intended to maintain the status quo until the Tribunal could hold a full
hearing on the merits. In the event, the defendants subsequently obtained the
Partial Award in which the Tribunal made a substantive finding in their favour
_viz_ that the plaintiffs had breached the Release Agreement by continuing
with the Indonesian Suits. The Partial Award certainly fell within the
definition of “award” in s 2 of the IAA. But that definition excludes from its
ambit any order made under s 12. The issue is whether the Order was one made
under s 12.

17 Ms Teh, acting for the first, second, third, fifth, sixth and seventh
plaintiffs, submitted that it was not clear on the face of the Order that it
had been made under s 12 of the IAA. To this, I would state, first, that there
is no requirement for an order made under s 12 to state that it is made under
that provision. What is important is the substance of the Order, which granted
the injunction “until further order by this Tribunal” and provided that “costs
of the application for interim relief be reserved to the Final Award”. This
clearly signified that the intent of the Order was to preserve the status quo
until the Tribunal could hear the parties on the merits of the claim.
Secondly, the defendants had applied to the Tribunal for interim relief under
r 26.1 of the SIAC Rules 2010 in which r 26 provides as follows:

**Rule 26: Interim and Emergency Relief**

26.1 The Tribunal may, at the request of a party, issue an order or an award
granting an injunction or any other interim relief it deems appropriate. The
Tribunal may order the party requesting interim relief to provide appropriate
security in connection with the relief sought.

26.2 A party in need of emergency interim relief prior to the constitution of
the Tribunal may apply for such relief pursuant to the procedures set forth in
Schedule 1.

26.3 A request for interim relief made by a party to a judicial authority
prior to the constitution of the Tribunal, or in exceptional circumstances
thereafter, is not incompatible with these Rules.

18 It was therefore clear that there was no ambiguity as to whether the Order
was an interim injunction made under s 12(1)(_i_) of the IAA. The absence of a
reference in the Order to s 12(1) merely provided a pretext for the plaintiffs
to make the present application. This could have been precluded by making a
reference in the Order to s 12(1) of the IAA and an arbitral tribunal would do
a great service to the parties before them if they simply state this fact in
making such an order.

19 Following from my conclusion that the Order was an order or direction made
under s 12(1) of the IAA, the Order is specifically excluded from the
definition of “award” under s 2. This court therefore did not have the
jurisdiction to consider an application for the setting aside of the Order
under s 24 of the IAA and Art 34 of the Model Law, as those powers only extend
to an “award”.

Policy behind the exclusion of interlocutory orders from the court’s
jurisdiction to set aside arbitral awards

20 I pause at this juncture to make some observations about the position of
the IAA in respect of the judicial enforcement and challenge of interlocutory
orders. There is no consensus on how the terms “interlocutory” and “interim”
are to be defined, and for the purposes of clarity and precision, I will use
the phrase “interlocutory order” to refer to an order that does not decide the
substance of the dispute or an order under s 12 of the IAA during the pendency
of arbitration proceedings, and “interim order” to refer to an order which
seeks to preserve the legal rights and obligations of parties before the
dispute is completely disposed of. An “interim order” falls within the
category of an “interlocutory order”.

21 Concerns over the exclusion of interlocutory orders from the definition of
“award” usually stem from the perceived lack of enforceability in courts if
these orders are not given the binding nature of an award. During the drafting
stages of the International Arbitration Bill, the Law Reform Committee’s sub-
committee (“the sub-committee”) on the Review of Arbitration Laws proposed
that assistance should be available from the courts when interim orders are
made by an arbitral tribunal so as to ensure that such orders are not mere
paper awards. Article 17 of the Model Law gives an arbitral tribunal powers to
make orders on interim measures of protection but is silent on the status and
enforceability of such orders. The sub-committee considered that the Model Law
had left a lacuna in this aspect and that “such orders may also need to be
given the status of awards in order to be enforceable” (at [34] of the sub-
committee’s report on the Review of Arbitration Laws). Parliament responded by
providing in s 12(6) of the IAA that “[all] orders or directions made or given
by an arbitral tribunal in the course of an arbitration shall, by leave of the
High Court or a Judge thereof, be enforceable in the same manner as if they
were orders made by a court”, thus filling in the lacuna with a _sui generis_
enforcement mechanism without broadening the definition of “award” to allow
the court to set aside these orders.

22 In my view, while the same policy consideration may underpin the scope of
the court’s powers in relation to the enforceability and challenge of an
interlocutory order, the method of giving effect to this policy differs in
each case. Parliament has chosen the approach of minimal curial intervention
by insulating these orders from judicial challenge while simultaneously
lending the coercive powers of the court to the enforceability of the orders –
the pendulum swings between independence and interventionism, but the
overarching aim is always to facilitate the efficiency of arbitration. The
issue of whether interlocutory orders may be subject to judicial challenge is
simply another manifestation of the perennial debate over the role that courts
should play in arbitration; and under the IAA, the scales have come down
firmly in favour of independence in the ongoing conduct of arbitral
proceedings.

23 The rationale for limiting the court’s powers to set aside interlocutory
orders dealing with procedural and administrative issues – for example, orders
that direct the methods in which evidence may be given or require the
production of documents – is fairly uncontroversial. Both the IAA and the
Model Law only provide a basic procedural framework, allowing the parties to
flesh out this skeleton with rules of their choice. Procedural issues thus
fall directly within the province of the Tribunal and should be decided solely
by the Tribunal. One of the primary advantages of arbitration as a private
dispute settlement mechanism is that it permits parties to tailor a more
informal system of procedure that is suited to the specific situation and
judicial review of orders deciding on procedural issues would frustrate the
parties’ objectives and run counter to the principle of party autonomy.
Arbitration, particularly international arbitration, is conceptualised as a
form of dispute settlement that is not bound by the parochial application of
the procedural rules of the arbitral seat, albeit subject to a minimal level
of procedural integrity. This limited control is only exercised at the stage
where a party seeks to set aside a final award, and not with respect to each
and every order made by the Tribunal.

24 Interim orders may require a more nuanced balance to be struck between the
efficacy of arbitration and safeguards to ensure due process. This is because
orders granting interim relief such as injunctions may have the effect of
prejudging the substantive rights of one party and are often dependent on the
national court for coercive effect; the _quid pro quo_ should be some measure
of judicial scrutiny. This was the historical rationale for the hostility
towards granting arbitral tribunals the power to order interim measures (see
generally, Gary B Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_ vol _2_
(Wolters Kluwer, 2009) at pp 1949-1958).

25 National courts and arbitration statutes have drawn the boundaries
differently (see Julian D M Lew et al, _Comparative International Commercial
Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law International, 2003) at paras 23-88 to 23-94, where
the authors consider the approaches in different jurisdictions towards
characterising an interim order as an “award”, affecting the question of
whether the order may be enforced or set aside). Our Parliament has chosen the
line of minimal curial intervention as the means of balancing fairness and
efficiency: while the courts may also grant interim relief under s 12A of the
IAA in narrowly limited circumstances to assist arbitration, the court has no
jurisdiction under the IAA to set aside or review interim measures made by an
arbitral tribunal. Limiting challenges only to awards that decide the
substantive merits of the case would reduce the risk of delay and prevent
tactical attempts to obstruct the arbitration process by bringing challenges
on interim orders.

26 The temporary character of interim orders, as distinct from the finality of
awards, also necessitates a separate approach towards these orders. It is
possible that interim orders may be modified or terminated during the course
of the arbitral proceedings. While the courts are willing to enforce these
orders to ensure that the arbitration progresses smoothly, allowing parties to
challenge an interim order would have the undesirable effect of staying the
arbitration while judicial determination of the issue is pending. The better
remedy, and one which could be determined with proper consideration of the
substantive context of the dispute and which focuses on the actual merits of
the grounds for ordering such relief, would be to have recourse to the
arbitral tribunal and not the courts.

27 Finally I note that while an order made under s 12 of the IAA cannot be set
aside because it is not an award, the enforcement mechanism under s 12(6)
requires the leave of the High Court or of a Judge thereof for the Tribunal’s
order to be enforced as an order of court. I express no concluded view as to
the grounds for refusing leave for enforcement but venture to suggest that the
possibility of refusing leave could provide some measure of residual
protection for the rights of both parties. Under O 69A r 5(2) of the Rules of
Court (Cap 322, R5, 2006 Rev Ed), where the order made is in the nature of an
interim injunction and an applicant seeks judicial enforcement, “leave shall
be granted only if the applicant undertakes to abide by any order the Court or
the arbitral tribunal may make as to damages”. The chips are not totally
stacked in favour of the party seeking interim relief.

Time limit for bringing an application to set aside an arbitration award

28 Even if I had found that the Order was an award and accepted that I had the
power to set aside the Order, I would still have been bound to dismiss the
plaintiffs’ application on the ground that it was filed out of time. Article
34 of the Model Law governs the time limits within which an application must
be made:

ARTICLE 34. — APPLICATION FOR SETTING ASIDE AS EXCLUSIVE RECOURSE AGAINST
ARBITRAL AWARD

(1) Recourse to a court against an arbitral award may be made only by an
application for setting aside in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of
this Article.

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

...

(3)  _An application for setting aside may not be made after three months have
elapsed from the date on which the party making that application had received
the award_ or, if a request had been made under Article 33, from the date on
which that request had been disposed of by the arbitral tribunal.

[emphasis added]

29 The interpretation of Art 34(3) of the Model Law was considered by Judith
Prakash J in _ABC Co v XYZ Co Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 546 at [9]:

... On the aspect of time, art 34(3) is brief. All it says is that the
application may not be made after the lapse of three months from a specified
date. Although the words used are “may not” these must be interpreted as
“cannot” as it is clear that the intention is to limit the time during which
an award may be challenged. This interpretation is supported by material
relating to the discussions amongst the drafters of the Model Law. It appears
to me that the court would not be able to entertain any application lodged
after the expiry of the three-month period as art 34 has been drafted as the
all-encompassing, and only, basis for challenging an award in court. It does
not provide for any extension of the time period and, as the court derives its
jurisdiction to hear the application from the article alone, the absence of
such a provision means the court has not been conferred with the power to
extend time.

30 I respectfully agree with those observations. While the word “may” often
conveys some measure of discretion in contradistinction to the mandatory
“shall”, “may not” is clearly mandatory and in the context of Art 34 of the
Model Law, imposes a time bar. This interpretation is consistent with O 69A r
2(4) of the Rules of Court, which provides that an application to set aside an
award under s 24 of the IAA and Art 34 of the Model Law “ _shall_ be made
within 3 months from the date of receipt by the plaintiff of the award”
[emphasis added]. The court’s powers in relation to international arbitration
proceedings are limited to those conferred by the IAA and the jurisdiction to
set aside an award must therefore be construed narrowly. In the absence of an
express provision, the phrase “may not” cannot be read as implicitly enlarging
the scope of the court’s powers by giving a discretion to extend the time
limit. I add that finality is one of the fundamental principles of
arbitration, and a definitive time limit for challenging an arbitral award is
necessary to ensure the expeditious and effective resolution of parties’
disputes.

31 This application was taken out on 6 May 2011, more than three months after
the Order had been made on 15 October 2010 and conveyed to the plaintiffs by
courier mail and email by 18 October 2010 at the latest. The plaintiffs did
not dispute that they had received notice of the Order and the time limit for
this application expired sometime in late January 2011. This application was
out of time by more than three months.

32 I note that the Partial Award was made on 7 April 2011, and had this
application been made to set aside the Partial Award instead of the Order,
this court would have had jurisdiction to hear the application on its merits.
For some reason, the plaintiffs chose to challenge the Order. If that had been
a tactical litigation decision made by the plaintiffs, it was on hindsight an
unfortunate decision.

Conclusion

33 For the above reasons, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ application with costs.
The defendants’ costs were fixed at $6000 plus reasonable disbursements, for
which the plaintiffs were jointly and severally liable.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

