Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AWX _v_ AWY  
[2012] SGHC 4

Case Number| :| DT 4880 of 2009/W  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Foo Siew Fong (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the
plaintiff; Kelvin Lim (Kelvin Lim & Partners) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AWX — AWY  
  
11 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

1 This judgment deals with AWX’s (“the wife”) claim to a share in the
matrimonial assets and maintenance for herself and a child of the marriage,
post-divorce. I awarded 55% of the matrimonial assets to AWY (“the husband”)
and 45% to the wife. I also awarded maintenance for the child to be fixed at
$2,500 a month with the husband paying for all the child’s tuition lessons and
chiropractic sessions. I awarded maintenance for the wife to be fixed at
$4,000 a month. Parties consented to joint custody, with care and control to
the wife and reasonable access to the husband. I also ordered all real assets
to be sold within 6 months in the open market via a mutually agreed agent,
with the wife having the first option to buy over the matrimonial home at the
highest offer obtained.

2 The wife has appealed against my decision to divide the matrimonial assets
in the proportion above, as well as my decision to not include as part of the
matrimonial assets, the money in a fixed deposit account in the joint names of
the husband and his mother.

3 The husband has appealed against my decision regarding the quantum of
maintenance for the wife and for the child, as well as my decision on the
division of matrimonial assets in the proportion above. I now set out my
reasons.

Introduction

4 The parties were married in 1978 and remained married for 32 years.[note: 1]
During the marriage, the couple had two children, both girls. The first was
born in 1982 and the second was born in 1996. Currently, the husband is a
Senior Consultant at a local hospital, and the wife is a part-time general
practitioner. Based on the Notice of Assessment issued by IRAS for the year
2010, the husband earned $392,898.00 a year[note: 2] ($32,741.50 a month) and
the Wife earned $36,412 a year[note: 3] ($3,034.33 a month).

5 At the time of the marriage, both parties worked full time.[note: 4]
Subsequently, and for a large part of the marriage, the husband was the
breadwinner of the family. He stated that he earned about 91% of the household
income over 32 years of marriage.[note: 5] Throughout the entirety of the
marriage, the husband had been fully responsible for all the household
expenses, the maid’s expenses, the children’s expenses and the car
expenses.[note: 6] The wife took care of the home and worked
intermittently[note: 7], and mostly on a part time basis.[note: 8] The wife
stopped working after the birth of their second child.[note: 9]

6 The wife commenced divorce proceedings against the husband on 5 October 2009
on an uncontested basis due to the husband’s unreasonable behaviour. Interim
Judgment for Divorce was granted on 7 June 2010.

Disputed matrimonial assets

7 Parties differed in their views on two specific issues relating to the
composition of the matrimonial assets:

(a) whether a fixed deposit account in the joint names of the husband and his
mother was part of the matrimonial assets,

(b) Whether an account in the husband’s parents’ joint names was part of the
matrimonial assets.

8 Parties dealt with these issues at two hearings on 3 November 2011 and 9
November 2011.

The fixed deposit account in the joint names of the husband and his mother

9 After hearing the parties, I decided on a balance of probabilities that the
money in the fixed deposit account in the joint names of the husband and his
mother belonged to the husband’s mother. The husband’s mother had filed an
affidavit stating that the money in the joint fixed deposit account belonged
to her.[note: 10] The husband’s mother had made transfers into this joint
account from 2002 – 2008. I found that any assertion by the wife that alluded
to the husband systematically dissipating or siphoning money via this route
ran contrary to the objective facts; namely that the transfers began in 2002,
long before marital problems arose.[note: 11] In my view, it was rather
unlikely for the husband to have foreseen the breakdown of the marriage in
2002 and started planning the dissipation or siphoning of matrimonial assets
so many years in advance in order to avoid having to account for them to the
wife in the course of the division of matrimonial assets following the interim
judgment in June 2010\. Accordingly, the money in this fixed deposit account
in the joint names of the husband and his mother was not part of the
matrimonial assets.

10 As a safeguard and on my directions, the husband had, on 10 November 2011,
made a statutory declaration stating that all the money in this joint fixed
deposit account was money that belonged entirely to his mother. I further
directed that copies of this statutory declaration be sent to his brother in
Australia, to counsel for the wife, and to his mother. This was to notify all
possibly interested parties of the money in the joint fixed deposit account
and to prevent the husband from later claiming the money as his own.

Account in husband’s parents’ joint names

11 I decided that the money in the account in the husband’s parents’ joint
names was part of the matrimonial assets. This account contained $167,487.72.
The husband’s case was that it was out of love and filial duty that he gave
money regularly to his mother, depositing this money into a UOB account in
Singapore under his parent’s joint names.[note: 12] Unlike the account in the
joint names of the husband and his mother, there was no evidence of a long and
continuing trend of payments. Instead, there was just one page in the
affidavit which reflected the current balance in the account.

12 In the hearing before me on 9 November 2011, it was the husband’s position
that the money in this account was also for medical expenses. I posed the
question as to whether this was ever used for medical expenses as argued. The
response was that it was never used for medical expenses, but earmarked as
such. I was not convinced, based on the production of a single bank account
balance document, that there was a regular stream of payments to the husband’s
mother as claimed. I was also not convinced that, without more, these sums
were to be used for medical expenses, when it was clear that no money from the
account was ever used as such.

Husband’s joint accounts with daughters

13 I should also add that, by the parties’ consent, money in the older
daughter’s joint account with the husband with DBS was to be placed in a new
account solely in the name of the older daughter. Similarly, money in the
joint account of the younger daughter and the husband with POSB was to be
placed in a new account solely in the name of the younger daughter. The monies
in both the husband’s joint accounts with the daughters were, by consent, to
be excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets for division.

Division of matrimonial assets

The law

14 It is useful to set out the factors the court will take into consideration
in the division of matrimonial assets. These are set out in s 112(2) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed):

Power of court to order division of matrimonial assets

112.

...

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) any debt owing or obligation incurred or undertaken by either party for
their joint benefit or for the benefit of any child of the marriage;

(c) the needs of the children (if any) of the marriage;

(d) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family or any aged
or infirm relative or dependant of either party;

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce;

(f) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(g) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(h) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

15 The law relating to the division of matrimonial assets was recently set out
in _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157
(“** _Yeo Chong Lin_** ”), where the Court of Appeal stated (at [76]):

Section 112(2) of the Charter provides a non-exhaustive list of factors which
a court is required to have regard in determining how the matrimonial assets
are to be divided. A wide discretion is conferred upon the court. The section
does not prescribe the weight which should be attributed to each factor or how
each factor should be regarded as against another factor. In most instances,
the difficulty lies in evaluating the non-financial contributions of the
homemaker wife as such contributions are not easily reducible into monetary
terms. In _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 ("_Lock Yeng
Fun_ ") this court noted (at [39]) that non-financial contributions were by
their very nature "difficult to measure because they are, intrinsically,
incapable of being measured in precise financial terms". That having been
said, the court went on to state that such difficulty should never be a ground
to refuse that spouse his or her equitable share in the matrimonial assets.

16 In addition, a broad brush approach should be adopted to reach what the
court holds is a just and equitable division. In _Yeo Chong Lin_ , it was held
that this meant that “the court is not expected to make an exact calculation
of each spouse’s contributions, whether financial or non-financial”. In the
same case, it was held that each case was fact sensitive and the overarching
guidance Parliament set out as the objective of the court was to come to a
“just and equitable decision”. This comes down to “feel and the court’s sense
of justice”.

Factors in the division of matrimonial assets

17 Having gone through the evidence presented before me, I decided on the
55:45 division of matrimonial assets for the following reasons.

The marriage lasted 32 years

18 This was a long marriage. I have no doubt that both parties gave each other
the best years of their lives. As set out in _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_
[2000] 2 SLR(R) 659 at [43], parties to the marriage “often have unequal
abilities whether as parents or income earners but, as between them, this
disparity of roles and talents should not result in unequal rewards _where the
contributions are made consistently and over a long period of time_ ”
[emphasis added]. On the evidence, both parties, despite their unequal
abilities, did contribute consistently to the household in monetary and non-
monetary terms over a long period of time. I now go on to illustrate these
contributions.

Both parties made substantial contributions in the differing spheres of family
life

19 The wife was, at times, working, but it was evident she assumed the
homemaking role. The husband was the breadwinner of the family. However, in
saying this, I noted that the wife had made a substantial contribution towards
the payment of the first matrimonial home. I will address the wife’s
contribution to the properties acquired later in my judgment.

Husband’s career

20 The husband earned a comfortable salary. However, to get to his present
position, the husband had to put in the hours at his workplace. For one, he
was pursuing his post-graduate degree in Obstetrics and Gynaecology at the
time the first child was born. In addition, the wife stated that the husband
worked night shifts 3-4 times a week at the hospital.[note: 13] The job
involved having to work through “sleepless nights” and on weekends at
times.[note: 14] He had to work irregular hours and be on call.[note: 15] It
was stated by the wife, and not denied by the husband, that the wife would
bring the older daughter (when she was young) to the hospital to join the
husband for dinner.[note: 16] The husband wished to concentrate on his career
and build up his practice. By the husband’s own account, he had to continually
travel to conferences for professional development. I also noted that the wife
had the second child when she was 42 years old. She stated that it was a
difficult pregnancy[note: 17], and she stopped working to take care of the
second child.

21 Taking all these factors into account, I did not accept the husband’s
contention that he did not need _any_ help from the wife and could pursue his
career and take care of the children and the family at the same time. He
stated that he had this ability due to his training as a gynaecologist which
allowed him to make sound judgments and decisions despite working odd hours
and despite little sleep.[note: 18] However, I also found in his affidavit the
following: “The quality of life that my family now enjoys largely came from my
_hard work, perseverance and dedication to_** _career building_**.[note:
19]_As I am working in a public hospital_ ,**_the needs of the community and
country came_**** __first__** ”[note: 20]. While he put in the required time
and effort in his job, for which his public spiritedness should be applauded,
his wife was at home taking care of the household. On the facts of this case
(see [22]-[28]), it was clear that the husband’s claim of not needing _any_
help from the wife was unsustainable. I would add here that the wife also
referred clients to the husband.[note: 21] This helped him to build up his
patient base. Therefore, in addition to providing support to the husband by
taking care of the home (which aided him in carrying on his occupation or
business), the wife also provided assistance to generate more business for the
husband.

22 I now highlight a few examples which would illustrate how the husband
needed the help of the wife in taking care of the household.

Wife’s post-delivery actions

23 The wife went back to work four and a half months after the birth of the
couple’s first child.[note: 22] This was despite the wife’s intention to
resign from her job and work part time after the delivery of the first
child[note: 23], in line with her description of herself as being the “mother
type”[note: 24]. The wife stated that she had to work full time, breastfeed
the baby, cook and clean the house. The feeding of the infant took place at
odd hours and that meant the wife could only sleep 2 or 3 hours every night,
which left her exhausted in the day. This went on for one year.[note: 25]

24 The husband stated that this was due to him being mindful that maternity
leave was for 8 weeks at the time and that both parties needed their jobs to
support the repayment of the loan towards their first matrimonial home. In
addition, he “discouraged the Plaintiff from resigning because Credit POSB
gave preferential interest rates to staff in the Ministry of Health.”[note:
26] I was of the view that the wife’s return to work after delivery for the
sake of paying off the loan _despite_ her own inclinations to stay at home
should be taken into account when I divided the matrimonial assets. To apply
an observation by the Court of Appeal in _Yeo Chong Lin_ to the present case,
the family here was relatively less well off in the early years of the
marriage, and the wife’s role would have been harder then. This was evident
during the early years of this marriage, where the wife had to juggle both
work and household responsibilities including that of looking after the
children.

The family’s time in Australia: 1984-1985, 2006-2007

25 In 1984, the family moved to Australia and lived there for a year. The wife
stated that the family only had help with the chores twice a week for the last
few months of their stay.[note: 27] Besides cooking, the wife also took the
older daughter to playschool, and taught her how to read. The wife did not
work during the year.[note: 28]

26 In 2005, the husband sat for the Australian specialist medical examination
so that he could obtain employment that was linked to the grant of Permanent
Residency in Australia.[note: 29] The job required the husband to work for two
years in what he termed “a small country town of 60,000 people”[note: 30].
Thus he spent 2006 and 2007 in Hervey Bay, Queensland[note: 31]. In his
Defence for the divorce filed on 27 October 2009, the husband stated that he
thought that separation would avoid further friction that could easily arise
in a brand new environment, as the marital relationship was becoming unsettled
then[note: 32] (this was denied by the wife)[note: 33]. Subsequently, he
stated in his affidavit that he thought it was better for the family to live
in Adelaide for safety reasons.[note: 34] The wife asserted that the husband’s
reasons were less altruistic; he simply could not concentrate on a new job in
a new place and cope with family responsibilities at the same time.[note: 35]
Even if the husband’s reason was true, the arrangement would have left the
wife to take care of the household. Indeed, the wife took care of the
household during her year in Adelaide without the aid of domestic help.[note:
36]

The wife’s role in contributing to the properties acquired during marriage

27 A lot of ink was spilt in the husband’s affidavit on how the wife looked at
the marriage as a business[note: 37] and how she was obsessed with money. On
the wife’s end, she stated that the husband was a poor steward of money[note:
38], had poor judgment when it came to investments[note: 39], and had denied
her money to invest in properties[note: 40]. She stated that the couple had
different perspectives when it came to investments. She suggested investments
to him and pushed him to invest in said investments. To my mind, these views
were not irreconcilable. The wife was right in saying that the couple had
different views towards investments. The wife thought property investments
were the best way to grow their money. The husband was constantly prodded to
provide money towards this goal.[note: 41] In return, he felt that the wife
was obsessed with having money to invest in properties. The wife’s attempts to
grow the matrimonial assets were noted. If not for the wife’s astute choice of
investment in properties, the total value of matrimonial assets available for
distribution might not be as much as what it is now. Her contribution in this
regard must also be factored into the division of assets. In addition, she did
contribute funds to the purchase of property. In _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock
Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520, it was held (at [41]):

Furthermore, in addition to the non-financial contributions of a spouse (more
often than not, the wife), attention must be given to his or her direct
financial contributions through his or her efforts in increasing the total
value of the matrimonial assets. This contribution must be taken into account
for the purpose of increasing the proportion of matrimonial assets to be
awarded to that spouse. This is not only logical but is also eminently fair.

28 The wife contributed to the purchases of the current matrimonial home and
previous matrimonial property using CPF as well as proceeds from the sale of
previous matrimonial homes. The proceeds of the sale of the first matrimonial
home (which, as stated in [19], also involved payments by the wife[note: 42])
subsequently went towards the purchase of the second matrimonial home. The
purchase of the fourth and current matrimonial home stemmed from financing
arising out of the sale of the third matrimonial home.[note: 43] It was also
not disputed that the wife contributed $153,700 from her CPF account to the
purchase of the current matrimonial home. Accordingly, it was clear to me that
the wife did contribute money towards acquiring the matrimonial assets.

Further comments

29 It is regrettable that the advice provided by the Court of Appeal in the
case of _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“** _NK v NL_** ”) was not heeded and
the affidavits alluded to a number of allegations relating to extramarital
relationships. To reiterate, the court in _NK v NL_ held (at [12]) that in the
light of the current “no fault” basis of divorce law, it would serve no
purpose to dwell on the question of “who did what”, and that the adulterous
behaviour of parties was irrelevant in the determination of the ancillaries.

30 The Court of Appeal there then went on to state the primary objective of
the law: to facilitate the transitional period of emotional upheaval for all
parties concerned, not least the children. This salutary objective was lost in
the midst of all the crossfire that ensued in the affidavits; in this
unfortunate case, it seemed that the elder daughter was now being treated for
depression. The husband indicated that this was due to the breakup of a
relationship the child was in.[note: 44] The wife stated that the depression
was partly due to the dysfunctional family environment.[note: 45] While
causation is difficult to set out in such matters of the heart, the proximity
between the timing of the commencement of treatment for depression and the
timing of the commencement of divorce proceedings is telling.

The Division

31 As set out in _NK v NL_ , the court’s mandate was to come to a just and
equitable division of the matrimonial assets having regard to all the
circumstances of the case.

32 With that in mind, and having considered the factors I listed out above, I
adopted a broad brush approach and awarded the husband 55% of the matrimonial
assets and the wife 45% of the matrimonial assets.

33 In addition, I took the step of evaluating the two proposals that the
husband had put forward in his written submissions[note: 46]:

(a) He wanted either 75% of all the matrimonial assets, or

(b) He was willing to let the wife keep the matrimonial property at [address
redacted] (“the Matrimonial Property”) with him keeping the remaining
properties. These remaining properties were a shophouse in Clementi with a
value of S$800,000[note: 47]. The valuations of the Australian properties were
disputed, but I proceeded on the husband’s valuation, as I wanted to make the
point that even if I had accepted the husband’s proposal, the ultimate result
would not be any different from the result I arrived at independent of the
proposal. In this particular proposal, he also wanted each party to keep
assets held in their own names.

34 I considered but did not think that the first proposal was reasonable. The
division of 75:25 was disproportionate in light of the contributions the wife
had made to, among other things, the welfare of the family. I then considered
the second proposal and I drew up the following table to facilitate
understanding:

Wife |  |  Husband  |   
---|---|---|---  
The Matrimonial Property (Husband’s appraisal: $3.25 mil (June 2010), Wife’s appraisal: $2.5 mil (April 2010)) |  Average taken: **S$2.875 mil** |  Clementi Shophouse |  **S$800,000**  
(e)  |  |  Queensland Property (based on husband’s own assessment: AUD$300,000) |  **S$389,355.00**  
|  |  Perth Property (based on husband’s own assessment: AUD$400,000) |  **S$519,140.00**  
Own Assets |  **S$1,190,199.47** |  Own Assets (this sum includes the money in UOB bank account in the husband’s parents’ joint names, see [11] |  **S$3,387,750.65**  
**Total:** |  **$4,065,199.47** |  **Total:** |  **$5,096,245.65**  
|  |  |   
Division |  44.37% |  |  55.63%  
  
  

35 The wife’s assets (excluding real property) added up to $1,190,199.47. I
found the husband’s assets (excluding real property) to be valued at
$$3,387,750.65. I did not include the monies in the joint bank accounts that I
had earlier found were not part of the pool of matrimonial assets. These were
the monies in (a) the husband’s joint accounts with the elder daughter; (b)
the husband’s joint account with the younger daughter; and (c) and the
husband’s joint fixed deposit account with his mother. I included the money in
the bank account in the husband’s parents’ joint names as though they were a
part of the matrimonial assets. In his second proposal, the husband was
essentially stating that he should get 55.63% and the wife 44.37% of the
matrimonial assets. It is evident that these numbers did not materially differ
from the percentages I independently arrived at, having considered the s 112
factors in totality.

36 I now turn to the issue of maintenance.

Monthly maintenance for the wife

37 At the end of the hearing, I awarded a sum of S$4,000 per month as
maintenance for the wife.

The law

38 Section 114 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) sets out the
matters to be considered in the assessment of maintenance:

Assessment of maintenance

114\. —(1) In determining the amount of any maintenance to be paid by a man to
his wife or former wife, the court shall have regard to all the circumstances
of the case including the following matters:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage;

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family; and

(g) in the case of proceedings for divorce or nullity of marriage, the value
to either of the parties to the marriage of any benefit (for example, a
pension) which, by reason of the dissolution or annulment of the marriage that
party will lose the chance of acquiring.

(2) In exercising its powers under this section, the court shall endeavour so
to place the parties, so far as it is practicable and, having regard to their
conduct, just to do so, in the financial position in which they would have
been if the marriage had not broken down and each had properly discharged his
or her financial obligations and responsibilities towards the other.

39 Having regard to Section 114, I decided on the sum of $4,000 per month for
the wife’s maintenance with the following considerations in mind.

Considerations in assessing wife’s maintenance

40 First, the wife stated in her affidavit that her total monthly expenses
during the marriage added up to $10,287.00. This monthly sum comprised the
following:

(a) wife’s monthly personal expenses ($2786.17);

(b) monthly household expenses ($2756.10);

(c) car expenses ($1,800);

(d) domestic worker expenses ($682.90); and

(e) monthly expenses for the child ($2261.83)[note: 48]

41 I subtracted the monthly expenses for the child from the sum of the total
expenses, as there would be a separate order for maintenance for the child. I
also discounted a reasonable sum from the monthly household and domestic
worker expenses that would represent the household expenses and maid expenses
that should be allocated to the child to form part of the maintenance for the
child. After such adjustments, the ordinary expenses for herself alone would
probably be in the region of $6,500 per month.

42 Second, in assessing the maintenance sum, I had in mind the fact that the
marriage lasted for 32 years. This was a long marriage where the wife
consciously contributed to home life and to the welfare of the family. Despite
the husband’s contentions, I find it difficult to believe that the career path
towards being a senior consultant in a hospital would not detract _at all_
from family life.

43 Third, in coming to the sum of $4,000 as the maintenance sum, I had regard
to the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage. This was a family that enjoyed a comfortable quality of life.
Moreover, this was a sum the husband could readily afford.

44 Fourth, I also had regard to the income and earning capacity which the wife
was likely to have in the foreseeable future. In deciding the maintenance sum,
I was cognizant of the fact that if the wife resumed work now on a part time
basis as a locum, she could readily earn at least $2,500 per month.

45 Fifth, I noted the wife’s argument that the husband’s expenses far exceeded
hers in some areas. While that in and of itself did not reflect the wife’s
expenses, it did reflect the standard of living that the household was used to
and the standard of living that was enjoyed by the family. To provide further
context, and as the wife points out, both parties are doctors, with the
husband being a specialist in obstetrics and gynaecology. Parties also live in
landed property. The standard of living cannot be said to be any less than one
of comfort.

46 Sixth, the wife has several medical concerns.[note: 49] Among others, she
might require hormone replacement therapy. This is due to her irregular and
prolonged menses from perimenopausal bleeding.[note: 50] I took these medical
conditions into account in assessing the financial needs the wife had or was
likely to have in the foreseeable future. As the $4,000 monthly maintenance
together with her potential monthly earning of $2,500 per month as a part time
locum was at a level that would meet her ordinary monthly expenses of $6,500
per month, this would mean that she would not need to utilise or draw down on
the approximate $4,000,000 dollars that would be her 45% share of the
matrimonial assets. Should there be any extraordinary medical expenses that
she might have to incur in the future, I think these could be readily taken
care of from her share of the matrimonial assets. There was no need to
increase the $4,000 monthly maintenance to provide for these extraordinary
expenses.

Monthly maintenance for the child

47 The wife initially sought $5,217.10 as monthly maintenance for the child.
She calculated that the child’s personal monthly expenses alone came up to
$2,261.83. The husband initially proposed $687 as an initial working budget,
which he stated he was happy to adjust for the child’s sake from time to
time.[note: 51] However, I noted that this sum did not include a significant
number of expenses related to outings, clothing, shoes, holidays and school
materials, which were factored in the wife’s calculations. The husband stated
that he did not include these expenses as he would pay these sums directly to
the child.[note: 52] In the same affidavit, the husband stated that he was
willing to pay $2,650 a month for the child’s maintenance (this was an “all
in” sum including personal expenses, household expenses and maid
expenses)[note: 53].

48 When parties came before me again in November 2011, counsel for the husband
said that his client was prepared to pay and was willing to do all that could
be done for the family. I asked for an updated and itemised breakdown of the
child’s expenses, and having received further submissions on 1 November 2011,
I varied the maintenance order for the child to $2,500 a month, with the
additional stipulation that the husband was to pay separately for the child’s
tuition classes, piano lessons, and chiropractic sessions.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendant’s Skeletal Submissions of 12 July 2011 (“DS”) at 1

[note: 2]Defendant’s AAM 1 at 35

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s AAM 1 at 53

[note: 4]PA1 at 25

[note: 5]Defendant’s Affidavit for Ancillary Matters Hearing of 15 March 2011
(“DA3”) at 70

[note: 6]PS at 3

[note: 7]DS at 4

[note: 8]DA3 at 70

[note: 9]PA2 at 22

[note: 10]Affidavit of Chew Chee Meng, filed 11 August 2011 at para 10, 13

[note: 11]Page 24. Defendant’s Affidavit of 11 August

[note: 12]Page 4, Defendant’s AAM 3

[note: 13]PA1 at 26, DA2 at 14

[note: 14]DA3 at 26, PA1 at 29

[note: 15]PA2 at 18

[note: 16]PA2 at 18, DA3 at 33

[note: 17]PA3 at 12

[note: 18]DA2 at 22

[note: 19]See also the same paragraph where he speaks of his “struggles at
career building”

[note: 20]DA3 at 56

[note: 21]PA3 at 113

[note: 22]PA2 at 22

[note: 23]PA1 at 26

[note: 24]PA2 at 22

[note: 25]PA1 at 27

[note: 26]DA3 at 39, DA2 at 14

[note: 27]PA1 at 27

[note: 28]PA1 at 28

[note: 29]DS at 11

[note: 30]DS at 11

[note: 31]DA2 at 23

[note: 32]Defence para 2(c)

[note: 33]Reply para 1(c)(i)

[note: 34]DA3 at 15, DA2 at 23

[note: 35]PA2 at 6

[note: 36]PA2 at 10, DA3 at 23

[note: 37]DA3 at 33

[note: 38]PA2 at 18

[note: 39]PA 2 at 16

[note: 40]PA2 at 16

[note: 41]DA2 at 20

[note: 42]PA1 at 24

[note: 43]PA1 at 24

[note: 44]DA3 at 30

[note: 45]PA2 at 15

[note: 46]Defendant’s Written Submissions at Page 33, Para 48

[note: 47]PA1 at 119

[note: 48]PA1 at 20

[note: 49]DA3 at 65

[note: 50]DA3 at 160, DA1 at 149

[note: 51]DA2 at 11

[note: 52]DA2 at 10

[note: 53]DA2 at 33, see also Plaintiff’s Ancillary Matters Fact and Position
Sheet at 13

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

