Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wee Siew Bock and another _v_ Chan Yuen Yee Alexia Eve and another appeal  
[2012] SGCA 33

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 103 and 151 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Deborah Barker SC, Spring Tan (Khattarwong LLP) for the
appellants in both appeals; Vinodh Coomaraswamy SC, Edmund Eng Zixuan, Vincent
Lim and Benjamin Ng (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for the respondent in both appeals.  
Parties| :|  Wee Siew Bock and another — Chan Yuen Yee Alexia Eve  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 261.]

28 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 In land-scarce Singapore, a home is often a family’s most prized possession.
As a result, perceived interference with its use or enjoyment can provoke
strong emotions. Homeowners, quite naturally, experience deep indignation when
they feel that their “entrenched rights” are violated by a neighbour. This, in
turn, often induces such homeowners to react obdurately to that neighbour’s
“high-handed” conduct. What inevitably follows is a cantankerous contest of
wills that leaves in its wake a sour aftertaste.

2 Undoubtedly, it is preferable that such differences between neighbours be
resolved by the application of neighbourly common sense based upon the golden
maxim of “do unto your neighbour as you would have your neighbour do unto
you”, rather than based upon strict legal principles. The ethic of reasonable
“give and take” ought to be the touchstone. If that cannot be invoked, it is
always desirable to have such disputes resolved by mediation rather than by
the courts. Nevertheless, when one or both parties insist on maintaining their
strict legal rights (whether mistakenly or otherwise), mediation will not
work, as in this matter. Acknowledging this, we have taken some pains in this
judgment to explain and clarify the law on easements in the form of private
rights of way to assist others in resolving similar issues in future. From
that point of view, some good has come out of these proceedings.

3 Of the two appeals before us, Civil Appeal No 103 of 2011 (“CA 103”) arises
from the decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in Originating Summons
No 85 of 2011 (“OS 85”), while Civil Appeal No 151 of 2011 (“CA 151”) arises
from the Judge’s decision in Originating Summons No 350 of 2011 (“OS 350”). OS
85 and OS 350 were filed by the appellants in both appeals, Wee Siew Bock
(“Wee”) and his wife, Chia Foong Lin (collectively referred to hereafter as
“the Appellants”), against the respondent in both appeals, Chan Yuen Yee
Alexia Eve (“the Respondent”). At the heart of these appeals is a fractious
dispute between two neighbouring landowners about the extent of their
respective rights in relation to an easement granted in favour of the
Appellants over part of the land belonging to the Respondent.[note: 1] Some
interesting legal issues have arisen. What is the true extent of the rights
that each of these owners has over the land that is affected by the easement?
How does the law strike an appropriate balance between the rights of a
dominant owner (_viz_ , the owner of a dominant tenement) _apropos_ those of a
servient owner (_viz_ , the owner of a servient tenement)? For ease of
discussion, we shall hereafter use the expression “easement land” to refer
generically to that part of a servient tenement which is affected by an
easement, the expression “the Easement Land” to refer specifically to the
easement land in issue in the present appeals and the expression “the
Easement” to refer to the easement granted in favour of the Appellants over
the Easement Land. We shall also use the terms “use”, “usage” and “enjoyment”
interchangeably in discussing the exercise by a landowner of his rights over
his land and the exercise by a dominant owner of his rights under an easement.

The plots of land involved

4 All the parcels of land in issue in the present appeals are registered under
the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 2004 Rev Ed) (“the LTA”). The Appellants have
been the registered proprietors of the dominant tenement, No 22 Oei Tiong Ham
Park, Singapore 267027 (“No 22”), since 2 January 2003, while the Respondent
has been the registered proprietor of the servient tenement, No 23 Oei Tiong
Ham Park, Singapore 267028 (“No 23”), since 14 April 2005. The plot of land on
which No 22 stands originally comprised two parcels of land, and its
boundaries were approved on 15 October 1968. As for the plot of land on which
No 23 stands, its boundaries were approved on 20 July 1960. Both parties
reside at present in their respective properties.

5 The disputes in both appeals revolve around the Easement, which is a
registered easement conferring on “the Owner of the time being of [No 22] … a
right of way at all times for all purposes over and along the [Easement]
[L]and”[note: 2] and the right to “construct lay and use any drains pipes and
cables on over or under the [Easement] [L]and and hereditaments hereby
conveyed”.[note: 3] Of these two rights, it is the right of way over the
Easement Land which the present appeals turn on, and the references hereafter
to the use or, conversely, the abandonment of the Easement should be
understood in this light. The Easement Land is stated in the transfer dated 28
June 1983 to have a length of approximately 30m and a width of 8m.[note: 4]
These are generous measurements. For perspective, we should add that two
ordinary domestic vehicles can, even today (after the completion of all the
reconstruction works described in this judgment), comfortably pass each other
in opposite directions on the Easement Land.

6 In terms of the physical state of the Easement Land, it consists mainly of a
paved driveway (“the Driveway”), which is the only means of access for both
parties from their respective properties to the public road at Oei Tiong Ham
Park. For ease of reference, we shall use the phrase “the end of the Easement
Land” to refer to that part of the Easement Land adjoining the gates of No 22
and No 23, and the phrase “the entrance of the Easement Land” to refer to that
part of the Easement Land adjoining the public road at Oei Tiong Ham Park. At
the end of the Easement Land on the right-hand side of the Driveway (_ie_ , on
the side nearer to No 23), there is a raised kerb with a grass verge on which
now stand three mature trees and a wall (“the Kerb Wall”). The Respondent’s
assertion that these trees have been growing at the same area of the Easement
Land for approximately the past 20 years[note: 5] is not disputed by the
Appellants. On the left-hand side of the Driveway (_ie_ , on the side nearer
to No 22) is a narrow strip of grass. At the entrance of the Easement Land,
there is at present an automatic remote-controlled gate (“the Auto-Gate”),
with a meter box and a pedestrian access gate to the right of the Auto-Gate.

Background to the proceedings

7 We now set out in some detail the facts which set in motion the chain of
events that precipitated these appeals. This will give context to the legal
issues that have arisen for resolution.

8 In mid-2010, both parties concurrently commenced, without any prior notice
to each other, reconstruction works at their respective properties. As the
true extent of these works was revealed inchmeal, the seeds of mistrust
between the parties began to take deep root. Their relationship soured and
communications ceased, eventually triggering a flurry of legal proceedings by
both parties.

9 As part of the reconstruction works in relation to No 23, the Respondent
planned to install an automatic remote-controlled gate (_viz_ , the Auto-Gate)
at the entrance of the Easement Land. She offered the Appellants equal access
to the Easement Land by means of a remote control and a set of manual keys for
the Auto-Gate. (As will be seen at [83] below, the Respondent also offered to
take other measures to allay the Appellants’ concerns about the installation
of the Auto-Gate.) However, this plan was strenuously objected to by the
Appellants, who insisted that the Respondent was not entitled to close the
Auto-Gate at any time. On the Appellants’ part, they wanted to lay utility
pipes and cables below the Easement Land as well as shift the position of No
22’s gate along the Driveway towards the end of the Easement Land. This shift
eventually took place. There is some disagreement in these proceedings between
the parties about the precise distance by which No 22’s gate was moved, with
the Respondent saying that it was a 100cm shift, while the Appellants place
the figure at 70cm. We shall return to this point later as it has a bearing on
one of the Appellants’ most spirited complaints (see below at [75] and [81]).
The Respondent objected to the Appellants’ plan to relocate No 22’s gate,
citing safety concerns for pedestrians and vehicles alike due to the creation
of a blind spot and a reduced vehicular turning circle.[note: 6] She
additionally complained that her property (No 23) had been damaged when the
vehicle of the Appellants’ contractor collided into her brick gate post.[note:
7] She also objected to the Appellants’ laying of utility pipes and cables
under the Easement Land without adequate prior notification because this
affected her own reconstruction plans, such as her plan to build a porch and
an angled wall (collectively referred to hereafter as a “P&A wall”).[note: 8]
The Appellants did not view the Respondent’s concerns sympathetically and
concluded that she was acting in a high-handed manner. Communications between
the parties became brusque and then ceased altogether.

10 To resolve this impasse, the Respondent filed Originating Summons No 46 of
2011 (“OS 46”) on 20 January 2011. She sought the following orders: (a) an
injunction to stop the Appellants from laying utility pipes and cables under
the Easement Land without first providing her with detailed plans and drawings
of the intended works; (b) a declaration that the Appellants did not have the
right to lay utility pipes and cables under the Easement Land in any manner
that they deemed fit, but could only do so in a manner that did not cause
undue interference with her reasonable enjoyment of No 23; (c) a declaration
that the Appellants’ relocation of No 22’s gate was in excess of their rights
under the Easement; (d) a mandatory injunction directing the Appellants to
either restore No 22’s gate to its original position or take other measures to
ensure that the changed position of No 22’s gate did not pose any danger to
her (the Respondent) and her family, and did not cause undue interference with
her reasonable enjoyment of No 23; and (e) a declaration that she was entitled
to install the Auto-Gate.[note: 9] It must be noted here that the decision in
OS 46 is not the subject of either of the present appeals and has not been
appealed against.

11 Shortly after OS 46 was filed, the Appellants learnt about the Respondent’s
intention to build a P&A wall on the boundary of the Easement Land opposite No
22’s gate. Concerned that this would obstruct their use of the Easement, the
Appellants filed OS 85 on 2 February 2011 to compel the Respondent to disclose
her plans in relation to the building of the proposed P&A wall and to desist
from carrying out the building works unless and until the plans had been
provided. Specifically, they sought the following reliefs: (a) a mandatory
injunction directing the Respondent to disclose her reconstruction plans for
No 23, especially in relation to the building of the proposed P&A wall; (b) a
declaration that the proposed P&A wall was an unauthorised encroachment on the
Easement Land; (c) a mandatory injunction directing the Respondent to redesign
and, if necessary, rebuild the proposed P&A wall “or any other structure near
the Easement [Land] so that the Easement [Land] will not be encroached
upon”;[note: 10] and (d) an injunction restraining the Respondent from
constructing the proposed P&A wall unless and until she had provided them (the
Appellants) with detailed plans and drawings evidencing that the Easement Land
would not be encroached upon.[note: 11]

12 OS 85 and OS 46 were heard together by the Judge on 31 March 2011 and 6
April 2011. During the hearing on 31 March 2011, counsel for the Respondent
disclosed that the Respondent had decided not to build the proposed P&A wall
after all, but was instead planning to construct a 1.8m wall (_ie_ , the Kerb
Wall mentioned at [6] above) to replace the flower trough which then stood
along No 23’s wall. On 6 April 2011, the Judge delivered his oral judgment for
OS 85 and OS 46 (“the 6 April 2011 Oral Judgment”). _Vis-à-vis_ the
Respondent’s prayer in OS 46 for a declaration that she was entitled to build
the Auto-Gate (which was prayer 6 of OS 46), the Judge expressly stated that
he was not making any order as he did not think it was necessary (see [14] of
the 6 April 2011 Oral Judgment). However, he also expressly stated his view
(likewise at [14] of the 6 April 2011 Oral Judgment) that the construction of
the Auto-Gate was within the Respondent’s rights as a landowner so long as she
did not render the Appellants’ use of the Easement unreasonably inconvenient.
In this regard, the Judge took into account the Respondent’s offer to supply
the Appellants with (_inter alia_) a remote control to operate the Auto-Gate.
As for the rest of the prayers in OS 46 and all the prayers in OS 85, the
Judge dismissed them, but gave the parties liberty to apply should there be
any fresh works affecting the use and enjoyment of their respective properties
(see [12] of the 6 April 2011 Oral Judgment).

13 On 11 April 2011, the Respondent commenced building the Kerb Wall opposite
No 22’s gate. This was completed on 27 April 2011. _Pertinently_ ,_the Kerb
Wall did not encroach on the_ _Driveway._ The Appellants, however, claimed
that they now found it difficult to drive into and exit from No 22 due to an
alleged reduction in vehicular “swing space” caused by the erection of the
Kerb Wall.

14 Thereafter, the Appellants filed OS 350 on 6 May 2011. They sought the
following orders: (a) a mandatory injunction directing the Respondent to
forthwith dismantle the Kerb Wall; (b) an injunction to stop the Respondent
from building other walls or structures on the Easement Land; (c) a
declaration that they (the Appellants) and their visitors were entitled to use
the Easement for unobstructed access to No 22; (d) a declaration that the
Respondent was not to obstruct their use of the Easement by, _inter alia_ ,
closing the Auto-Gate, parking vehicles on the Driveway and/or allowing her
children to play on the Easement Land; and (e) an injunction restraining the
Respondent from carrying out the aforesaid activities.[note: 12] Strangely,
before OS 350 was heard, the Appellants filed Summons No 1971 of 2011 (“SUM
1971”) on 9 May 2011 for an interim injunction to stop the Respondent from
“building or continuing to build the [Kerb Wall]”[note: 13] even though the
Kerb Wall had already been completed by then (see [13] above). The Judge,
after hearing the parties’ respective submissions, visited the Easement Land
in the presence of counsel. He then dismissed SUM 1971. The Appellants
promptly appealed against his decision (via Civil Appeal No 57 of 2011) on 11
May 2011. That appeal was dismissed.

15 Thereafter, the Appellants filed Originating Summons No 371 of 2011 on 12
May 2011 for an extension of time to appeal against the Judge’s decision in OS
85. That application was acceded to by this court.

16 The Respondent had, in the meantime, also constructed beside the Auto-Gate
the meter box and the pedestrian access gate mentioned at [6] above.
Unsurprisingly, these structures were also vigorously objected to by the
Appellants, who asserted that they further evidenced the Respondent’s
intention to curtail their use of the Easement. Further, the Appellants (as
can be seen from the reliefs which they sought in OS 350) objected to the
Respondent’s plans to let her children play on the Easement Land and to park
cars on the Driveway, saying that this would affect their use of the Easement.

17 The Judge heard OS 350 on 29 August 2011 and gave judgment in favour of the
Respondent on 12 December 2011 (see _Chia Foong Lin and another v Chan Yuen
Yee Alexia Eve_ [2011] SGHC 261 (“ _Chia Foong Lin_ ”)). We shall now examine
in greater detail the Judge’s decisions in OS 350 and OS 85.

The decisions below

The decision in OS 85

18 As the Judge heard both OS 85 and OS 46 together (see [12] above), the 6
April 2011 Oral Judgment dealt with issues pertaining to both matters.
However, as the decision in OS 46 is not being appealed against in either of
the present appeals, we shall set out only the Judge’s decision as regards OS
85 here.

19 As alluded to earlier (at [12] above), the Judge dismissed OS 85 (and also
OS 46, save for prayer 6 of OS 46, in respect of which no order was made)
“without prejudice to either side making a fresh application should fresh work
not presently identified arise which might affect the use and enjoyment of
[the] land and property of the respective parties” (see [12] of the 6 April
2011 Oral Judgment).

20 It bears mention again that during the course of the hearing on 31 March
2011, the Respondent’s counsel confirmed that the Respondent had abandoned
plans to build a P&A wall (see [12] above). As regards the Respondent’s plan
to build the Kerb Wall to replace the flower trough which then stood along No
23’s wall, the Judge held that this would not result in any encroachment on
any part of the Driveway that was actually in use. Although the Appellants
complained that the building of the Kerb Wall would reduce the Driveway “into
‘a tunnel’, and [make] it difficult for driving through” (see [4] of the 6
April 2011 Oral Judgment), the Judge stated (at [9] of the 6 April 2011 Oral
Judgment) that even if that were indeed the case, it would not be an
“unreasonably intolerable” experience. We pause here to add that after our
visit to the Easement Land in the presence of counsel, we were satisfied that
this particular complaint by the Appellants was entirely without substance:
there was simply no “tunnel” effect to speak of.

The decision in OS 350

21 We turn now to the Judge’s decision in OS 350. The Judge held that the
Appellants’ contention that the construction of the Kerb Wall substantially
interfered with their use of the Easement (“the Kerb Wall issue”) was _res
judicata_ as he had already conclusively dealt with that issue on the merits
by dismissing prayer 3 of OS 85, _viz_ , the prayer for an injunction
requiring the Respondent to redesign and, if necessary, rebuild (_inter alia_)
“ _any other structure near the Easement [Land]_ ”[note: 14] [emphasis added].
The Judge was of the view that the italicised words just quoted “would
certainly extend to the [K]erb [W]all as well” (see _Chia Foong Lin_ at [5]).

22 In relation to the Appellants’ contention that the installation of the
Auto-Gate substantially interfered with their use of the Easement (“the Auto-
Gate issue”), the Judge clarified that he had earlier not made any order on
the Respondent’s prayer in OS 46 for a declaration that she was entitled to
install the Auto-Gate (_viz_ , prayer 6 of OS 46 (see [12] above)) because the
Auto-Gate had not been built yet at that time and, thus, any order on this
particular prayer would have been premature (see _Chia Foong Lin_ at [10]). He
went on to express the view (likewise at _Chia Foong Lin_ at [10]) that the
Respondent had the right to build the Auto-Gate on her land, provided no
substantial interference was caused to the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment of
the Easement. He noted in this regard (at [11] of _Chia_ _Foong Lin_) that:
(a) the Respondent had offered to supply the Appellants with their own set of
keys to the Auto-Gate, and had also offered to install an intercom system at
the Auto-Gate so that visitors to No 22 could communicate with the Appellants
or other persons in the property; (b) the Auto-Gate would be closed only at
certain times; and (c) there was beside the Auto-Gate a pedestrian access gate
which provided pedestrian access at all times to No 22 via the Easement Land.

23 The Judge also held that the Respondent’s intention to park her cars on the
Driveway did not amount to substantial interference with the Appellants’
reasonable enjoyment of the Easement (see _Chia Foong Lin_ at [12]).

24 In addition, he noted that the playing of the Respondent’s children on the
Easement Land would not substantially interfere with the Appellants’
reasonable use of the Easement (see _Chia Foong Lin_ at [13]). He therefore
did not grant the _quia timet_ injunction which the Appellants had sought to
prevent the Respondent’s children from playing on the Easement Land.

25 Finally, the Judge held that the construction of the meter box next to the
Auto-Gate likewise did not substantially interfere with the Appellants’
reasonable use of the Easement (see likewise _Chia Foong Lin_ at [13]).

The issues before this court

26 The issues to be determined in the present appeals are as follows:

(a) Are the Kerb Wall issue and the Auto-Gate issue _res judicata_ (“Issue
1”)?

(b) Has there been abandonment by the Appellants and/or their predecessors in
title of the Easement in respect of any part of the Easement Land (“Issue 2”)?

(c) Has there been substantial interference with the Appellants’ reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement as a result of: (i) the building of the Kerb Wall;
(ii) the installation of the Auto-Gate; (iii) the parking of the Respondent’s
cars on the Driveway; and (iv) the playing of the Respondent’s children on the
Easement Land (“Issue 3”)?

Issue 1 is a procedural issue, while Issue 2 and Issue 3 are the substantive
legal issues which lie at the heart of the present appeals.

Our decision

Issue 1: Whether the Kerb Wall issue and the Auto-Gate issue are res judicata

27 We shall first address Issue 1, which the Respondent has raised in relation
to CA 151. As mentioned above at [21], the Judge held in OS 350 that the Kerb
Wall issue was _res judicata_ because it fell within the scope of the words
“any other structure near the Easement [Land]”[note: 15] in prayer 3 of OS 85,
which prayer he had already conclusively dealt with on the merits at the joint
hearing of OS 85 and OS 46. The Appellants disagree and argue that in relation
to the Kerb Wall issue, the Judge’s ruling in OS 85 was not on the merits and
was neither final nor conclusive. Further, the Appellants contend, there was
no identity of subject matter between OS 85 and OS 350. As regards the Auto-
Gate issue, the Appellants likewise submit that it is not _res judicata_
because of the same two factors (_viz_ , the Judge’s ruling on the issue was
not on the merits, and there was no identity of subject matter between OS 85
and OS 350). In response, the Respondent argues that _res judicata_ precludes
the Appellants from proceeding on the Kerb Wall issue and the Auto-Gate issue
as the Judge had already determined at the joint hearing of OS 46 and OS 85
that she was entitled to build both the Kerb Wall and the Auto-Gate.

28 In our view, the issue of _res judicata_ simply does not arise in CA 151.
The reliance by the Respondent’s counsel on this issue is misplaced. In
relation to the Kerb Wall issue, the Judge rightly observed in _Chia Foong
Lin_ at [8] that “[t]he proper forum for the [Appellants] to submit their
arguments on the [K]erb [W]all is before the Court of Appeal in CA 103”. The
doctrine of _res judicata_ applies to estop a party in a later proceeding from
disputing the correctness of a previous decision by _the same_ court on the
same point in an earlier proceeding between the same parties. An appeal
against such a previous decision to an _appellate_ court plainly does not
attract the application of this doctrine. Simply put, while the Kerb Wall
issue, which was first addressed in OS 85, was held to be _res judicata_ by
the Judge in OS 350, it is not _res judicata_ before this court in relation to
an appeal against the Judge’s decision in OS 350. We can therefore determine
the substantive question of whether the erection of the Kerb Wall
substantially interferes with the Appellants’ reasonable use of the Easement.
As regards the Auto-Gate issue, the Judge clearly stated in _Chia Foong Lin_
at [10] that in OS 46, he had not made any order on the Respondent’s prayer
for a declaration that she was entitled to install the Auto-Gate. As no order
was made, the doctrine of _res judicata_ does not even arise _apropos_ the
Auto-Gate issue. In view of this, this court can proceed to address the
substantive arguments raised in relation to both the Kerb Wall issue and the
Auto-Gate issue.

Issue 2: Whether there has been abandonment by the Appellants and/or their
predecessors in title of the Easement in respect of any part of the Easement
Land

29 We turn now to Issue 2, _viz_ , whether the Appellants and/or their
predecessors in title have abandoned the Easement in respect of any part of
the Easement Land. The consideration of this issue must of course logically
precede the consideration of Issue 3, _viz_ , whether there has been
substantial interference with the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment of the
Easement. Plainly, where abandonment of part of an easement – _ie_ ,
abandonment by a dominant owner of an easement in respect of part of the
easement land – is established, there is no need to consider, as regards that
part of the easement land, whether the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment
of the easement has been or will be substantially interfered with. This is
because where unqualified abandonment by a dominant owner of part of an
easement is found, the dominant owner loses his right to use the easement over
that part of the easement land in respect of which the easement has been
abandoned. The consequence of this is that the servient owner can then
exercise exclusive rights of ownership over that part of the easement land.
The question of substantial interference with the dominant owner’s reasonable
enjoyment of the easement thus does not even arise in relation to that part of
the easement land. Conversely, where abandonment (whether in part or in full)
by a dominant owner of an easement is not established, the easement continues
to subsist, with the dominant owner having the right to reasonable use of the
easement over the easement land. Only then does the question of substantial
interference with the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment of the easement
become relevant whenever the servient owner seeks to modify the physical
extent and/or the use of the easement land.

The burden of proof vis-à-vis abandonment

30 Acquiescence in acts inconsistent with the continuance of the right(s)
under an easement may raise a presumption that that right (or one or more of
those rights) has been abandoned in respect of either the whole or part of the
easement land. The legal burden of proving abandonment of an easement, whether
in full or in part, is of course on the party who asserts that there has been
abandonment (typically, it is the servient owner who makes such an assertion).
However, where the servient owner is able to show a long period of non-user of
an easement by the dominant owner, the evidential burden shifts to the
dominant owner to explain and show that he nonetheless consistently intended
to preserve his rights under the easement. Lord Chelmsford LC succinctly
summarised the evidential position in _Crossley and Sons_ ,_Limited v
Lightowler_ (1867) LR 2 Ch App 478 at 482 as follows:

_The allegation by the Plaintiffs_ [the servient owners] _of the abandonment
of the prescriptive right, supposing it to have ever existed, and the burthen
of establishing their substantive case is, of course, thrown upon them_.

…

With respect to the prescriptive right derived from the [previous owners of
the dominant tenement], the Plaintiffs say, that if such right was ever
acquired it had been abandoned long before the Defendants [the current
dominant owners] commenced business at their works. The authorities upon the
subject of abandonment have decided that _a mere suspension of the exercise of
a right is not sufficient to prove an intention to abandon it_. **_But a long
continued suspension may render it necessary for the person claiming the right
to shew that some indication was given during the period that he ceased to use
the right of his intention to preserve it._** The question of abandonment of a
right is one of intention, to be decided upon the facts of each particular
case. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

31 In the present case, the legal burden of proving partial abandonment of the
Easement falls on the Respondent as she alleges that the Appellants and their
predecessors in title abandoned the Easement in respect of certain parts of
the Easement Land (“the Disputed Areas”) when they irrevocably acquiesced in
certain permanent changes to the physical extent and usage of those areas. The
Respondent relies on the fact that there has been no objection by the
Appellants and their predecessors in title for at least the past 25 years to
structures on the Disputed Areas such as the raised kerb with the grass verge
at the end of the Easement Land as well as the trees planted on the grass
verge.[note: 16] Such acquiescence, the Respondent says, is plainly an
unequivocal manifestation of abandonment by the Appellants and their
predecessors in title of the Easement in respect of the Disputed Areas. As
such, the Respondent submits, the evidential burden of showing that the
Easement has not been abandoned _vis-à-vis_ those areas falls on the
Appellants. We agree with this submission.

32 Having addressed the burden of proof _vis-à-vis_ abandonment, we now
examine in detail the applicable legal principles for determining whether an
easement has in fact been abandoned, be it in full or in part.

Abandonment of easements over registered land

33 The common law doctrine of abandonment continues to apply to easements over
registered land (see John Baalman, _The Singapore Torrens System: Being a
Commentary on the Land Titles Ordinance, 1956 of the State of Singapore_ (The
Government of the State of Singapore, 1961) (“ _The Singapore Torrens System_
”) at pp 176–177). In Singapore, there are now two methods which a party can
rely on to establish abandonment (whether in full or in part) of an easement.
The first is by adopting the procedure set out in s 106 of the LTA and the
second, by establishing abandonment at common law curially.

34 Section 106 of the LTA reads as follows:

**Cancellation** **of easements**

**106.** —(1) The Registrar [_viz_ , the Registrar of Titles appointed under s
5 of the LTA] shall cancel the registration or notification of an easement
upon proof to his satisfaction that —

(_a_) any period of time for which the easement was intended to subsist has
expired;

(_b_) any event upon which the easement was intended to determine has
occurred; or

(_c_) the easement has been abandoned.

(2) Where an application is made to the Registrar in the approved form and
_evidence is furnished to the_ _Registrar of non-user of an easement for a
period exceeding 12 years_ , he may, without further evidence of abandonment,
give notice to the proprietor of the dominant tenement and, _in the absence of
objection_ _by that proprietor within one month from the service of the
notice_ ,_treat the easement as abandoned._

[emphasis added]

35 Under the procedure prescribed by s 106(2) of the LTA, non-user of an
easement for a period exceeding 12 years must first be established. While the
common law, as we shall see later (at [40] below), does not prescribe a
minimum period of non-user for the purposes of establishing abandonment, it
seems to us that, as a matter of common sense, in the light of the statutory
timeframe, it will be difficult for any claimant to establish abandonment at
common law unless a lapse in the use of the easement for more than 12 years is
likewise established. That said, we emphasise that non-user is only one
element in the spectrum of considerations that the court will have to assess
before making a finding of abandonment (see below at [39]). We should also add
that where an easement appears in the certificates of title of both the
dominant tenement and the servient tenement, the court will have regard to the
acts of both the present dominant owner and the present servient owner, as
well as (where applicable) the acts of their respective predecessors in title.

The applicable legal principles on abandonment

36 Abandonment will not be readily inferred. This sentiment was accurately
captured by Buckley LJ in _Gotobed v Pridmore and Another_ (1970) 115 SJ 78 (“
_Gotobed_ ”), where he observed (at 78):

To establish abandonment [of an easement] the conduct of the dominant owner
must have been such as to make it clear that he had at the relevant time a
firm intention that neither he nor any successor in title should thereafter
make use of the easement. … _Abandonment was not to be lightly
inferred.__Owners of property did not normally wish to divest themselves of
[an easement] unless it was to their advantage, notwithstanding that they
might have no present use for it._ [emphasis added]

37 It is always an objective question whether a dominant owner firmly intends
to abandon an easement, be it in full or in part. As noted in _Cook v Mayor
and Corporation of Bath_ (1868) LR 6 Eq 177 at 179, whether an act amounts to
abandonment or an intention to abandon is a question of fact to be ascertained
from the surrounding circumstances.

38 One factor which appears relevant to whether abandonment is established is
the nature of the altered features on the easement land, for example, whether
the changes to the easement land by way of new structures or obstructions are
permanent or temporary. In this regard, abandonment may also be established
from changes to the _dominant_ tenement. In _Frontfield Investment Holding
(Pte) Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 938 and others_ [2001]
2 SLR(R) 410 for instance, Judith Prakash J found it significant (at [44])
that permanent structures which could not be readily removed, including a
driveway, a swimming pool and other amenities, had been constructed on the
dominant tenement in such a way as to block access to the right of way over
the easement land. She found abandonment on the facts. Plainly, the permanence
of built-up structures or other features on the easement land and/or the
dominant tenement is a matter of considerable significance to the court in
cases involving alleged abandonment of easements. This has been emphasised in
cases like _Gotobed_ (see the commentary on _Gotobed_ in Colin Sara,
_Boundaries_ _and Easements_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2011) (“ _Boundaries
and Easements_ ”) at para 17.06).

39 In most instances where abandonment of an easement is alleged, the party
claiming abandonment typically seeks to rely on a period of non-user of the
easement as its main plank. However, the length of non-user is only _one_ of
the elements from which the dominant owner’s intention to retain or,
conversely, abandon his easement may be inferred. At the end of the day, the
length of non-user that suffices to establish abandonment depends very much on
an assessment of all the surrounding circumstances (see _The Queen v Sarah
Chorley and Another_ (1848) 12 QB 515; 116 ER 960 (“ _Chorley_ ”) at 519;
962). Nevertheless, it can be said, as a general rule of thumb, that the
longer the period of non-user, the more readily a finding of abandonment may
be made, subject to there being a satisfactory explanation, gleaned from proof
of facts or circumstances, negativing any intention on the dominant owner’s
part to abandon the easement in question. We should also point out that save
in exceptional cases, mere non-user of an easement is _not_ in itself
sufficient to establish abandonment of that easement.

40 Lord Denman CJ rightly pointed out in _Chorley_ that at common law, there
is no minimum period of non-user which must be shown in order to establish
abandonment. Nevertheless, he also added a note of caution (at 518; 962) that
in cases where the evidence of abandonment took the form of “mere acquiescence
in the interruption [of the use of the easement]”, it would be prudent for the
court not to rely on a period of non-user of less than 20 years. At the same
time, he also recognised (at 518–519; 962) that where there was an act
_clearly_ evidencing an intention by the dominant owner to abandon his
easement, a shorter period of non-user could suffice and “would have the same
effect as an express release ‘without any reference to time’” (see Jonathan
Gaunt QC & Justice Morgan, _Gale on Easements_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed,
2008) (“ _Gale on Easements_ ”) at para 12-71, quoting from _Chorley_ at 519;
962). We should point out here that it does not follow that there is a
presumption of abandonment after non-user of an easement for 20 years. Also,
as mentioned above at [35], it is unlikely that a period of non-user of less
than 12 years would suffice, except in the plainest of cases.

41 As alluded to earlier, save in exceptional cases, mere non-user of an
easement is in itself insufficient to amount to abandonment of that easement.
This was reiterated by this court in _Lian Kok Hong v Lee Choi Kheong and
others_ [2010] 3 SLR 378 (“ _Lian Kok Hong_ ”) at [24] (see also _Benn v
Hardinge_ (1992) 66 P & CR 246). The non-user must instead be taken together
with and examined in the light of the surrounding circumstances. For instance,
where non-user occurs because the dominant owner does not need to use the
easement, or (_vis-à-vis_ an easement in the form of a right of way
specifically) because he has a more convenient (or a preferred) mode of access
through his own land, the court may incline towards finding abandonment of
that easement (see _Ward v Ward_ (1852) 7 Exch 838; 155 ER 1189).

42 If the circumstances as a whole clearly indicate the dominant owner’s
intention not to resume usage of the easement granted in his favour, then the
courts may imply a _presumption of release_ of the easement and the easement
will be lost (see _Swan v Sinclair_ [1924] 1 Ch 254 (“ _Swan_ ”) at 266). That
said, _Gale on Easements_ states at para 12-66 that a presumption of
abandonment of an easement will only arise where: (a) the dominant owner acts
in a manner clearly indicating a firm intention that neither he nor any of his
successors in title should thereafter make use of the easement; or (b) there
exist circumstances which are adverse to the use of the easement and which are
sufficient to explain the non-user, coupled with a substantial length of time
during which the dominant owner has acquiesced in that state of affairs (see,
for instance, _Swan_ at 267–268). A similar observation was made in _Chorley_
, where it was stated (at 519; 962):

It is not so much the duration of the cesser as the nature of the act done by
the grantee of the easement, _or of the adverse act acquiesced in by him, and
the intention in him which either the one or the other indicates, which are
material for the consideration of the jury_. [emphasis added]

43 It can be seen from the above extract that acquiescence by the dominant
owner in an adverse act by the servient owner is a relevant consideration in
determining if there is abandonment of an easement. For example, it was held
in _Lian Kok Hong_ that a long period of acquiescence (about 30 years in that
case) in the form of inaction and a lack of objection by the successive owners
of the dominant tenement to the fencing off of their right of way over the
easement land was sufficient acquiescence on their part to the right of way
being rendered unusable. Given these circumstances, this court concluded that
the conduct of the successive owners of the dominant tenement amounted to a
conscious act of abandonment (see _Lian Kok Hong_ at [29]).

44 In summary then, the general approach to be adopted in scrutinising claims
of abandonment of an easement is that concisely stated in _Boundaries and
Easements_ at para 17.07, _viz_ :

The court will, therefore, look both at any period of non-user and at any acts
by the dominant owner or by the servient owner and accepted by the dominant
owner. It will then look at the reasons for non-user, the reasons for any
actions by the dominant owner and the reasons why the acts of the servient
owner have been accepted and decide, looking at all these facts, whether an
intention to abandon can be inferred. It is, however, clear that abandonment
will not be lightly inferred and that acquiescence in a temporary obstruction
may be regarded as good-neighbourliness rather than abandonment.

45 Determining whether abandonment of an easement has been established is, at
the end of the day, a highly fact-sensitive assessment. It is a question of
fact that may be answered inferentially from proven circumstances. Prior
decisions are only useful in so far as they establish principles which are
generally applicable to similar cases. With the foregoing considerations in
mind, we now turn to the facts of the present appeals to determine whether the
Appellants and their predecessors in title have indeed, as the Respondent
contends, abandoned the Easement in respect of the Disputed Areas.

Application to the present facts

46 The Appellants argue that they (and, in effect, their predecessors in
title) have never abandoned the Easement in respect of the area at the end of
the Easement Land where (as mentioned at [6] above) there is at present a
raised kerb with a grass verge on which the Kerb Wall and three mature trees
now stand (“the First Disputed Area”). They contend that they have, from time
to time, made use of that grass verge and the airspace above it by walking
over the grass verge (the Appellants’ “‘walking’ assertion”) and by reversing
their vehicles over it (the Appellants’ “‘reversing’ assertion”). The
Respondent, on the other hand, argues that the Appellants and their
predecessors in title abandoned the Easement in relation to the First Disputed
Area when they unmistakeably acquiesced for almost 25 years in changes to that
area, including (among other things) the construction of the raised
kerb.[note: 17] According to the Respondent, the building of the raised kerb
was approved by the authorities and completed by 1988, and no objections were
raised against it at all thereafter.[note: 18] Apart from contending that they
have not abandoned the Easement in respect of the First Disputed Area, the
Appellants also argue that they (and, in effect, their predecessors in title)
have not abandoned the Easement _vis-à-vis_ the area at the entrance of the
Easement Land where there used to be concrete planter boxes and where the
meter box mentioned at [6] above now stands (“the Second Disputed Area”).

47 We affirm the Judge’s finding that the Respondent has indeed established a
firm intention by the Appellants and their predecessors in title to abandon
the Easement in respect of both the First Disputed Area and the Second
Disputed Area. We now give our reasons for affirming this finding.

48 In relation to the First Disputed Area, we observe that the veracity of the
Appellants’ “walking” assertion (see [46] above) appears questionable because
the First Disputed Area is in fact situated right along the boundary of No 23
(the Respondent’s house) and is directly _opposite_ No 22 (the Appellants’
property). Given the location of the grass verge in the First Disputed Area,
it is unlikely that the Appellants walk along that part of the Easement Land
to exit from or enter No 22. Further, we note that the Appellants have not
adduced any evidence of prior usage of the grass verge in this manner by their
predecessors in title. We infer from this conspicuous omission that such
evidence, had it been adduced, would not support the Appellants’ “walking”
assertion. Separately, as we shall point out at [52] below, the Appellants’
“reversing” assertion is also flatly contradicted by their own evidence.

49 On her part, the Respondent asserts that her predecessor in title had built
in the First Disputed Area, on the right-hand side of the Easement Land, a
flower trough and a retaining wall encroaching on the Easement Land.[note: 19]
As mentioned at [46] above, the Respondent also points out that the raised
kerb in the First Disputed Area was built by 1988 and therefore has been there
for “almost 25 years”[note: 20] now. Additionally, she states that the three
mature trees now present on the grass verge in the First Disputed Area have
been growing there “for the last 20 years”.[note: 21] We are satisfied that
the Appellants, like their predecessors in title, did not take issue with the
presence of the raised kerb and the three mature trees on the grass verge in
the First Disputed Area after acquiring and moving into No 22 some nine years
ago in 2003. This is not unlike the circumstances which prevailed in _Lian Kok
Hong_ , where the successive owners of the dominant tenement knew about the
right of way granted in their favour when the dominant tenement was conveyed
to them, but thereafter failed to make any protest despite the right of way
being obstructed by a fence. The absence of any objection for about 30 years
to this state of affairs by the successive owners of the dominant tenement was
held, as stated earlier (at [43] above), to amount to acquiescence which was
sufficient to establish their abandonment of their right of way.

50 Also, as rightly pointed out by the Respondent, the raised kerb and the
three mature trees on the grass verge in the First Disputed Area are permanent
structures that clearly demarcate the area required for the reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement. These structures are not readily removable without
expending a not insubstantial amount of money and effort. These are all
relevant considerations which incline in favour of finding abandonment of the
Easement in respect of the First Disputed Area. We note too that the aforesaid
structures prevent vehicles and individuals from driving and walking through
the First Disputed Area, and are thus factually incompatible with the
Appellants’ present belated attempts to insist on their right to use the
Easement over the full extent of the Easement Land, including over the First
Disputed Area.

51 To summarise, the long period of acquiescence by the Appellants and their
predecessors in title in the physical unavailability (or non-accessibility) of
the First Disputed Area for the purposes of using the Easement clearly
indicates a firm intention on their part to abandon the Easement in respect of
that area. The permanent nature of the raised kerb with the grass verge on
which (_inter alia_) the Kerb Wall now stands and the maturity of the trees on
the grass verge have also been important considerations in this matter.

52 At the end of the day, the main complaint of the Appellants _vis-à-vis_ the
First Disputed Area now appears to be reduced to that of there being (so they
allege) insufficient room for them to reverse their cars out of No 22 after
the construction of the Kerb Wall. Crucially, we note, however, that the first
appellant in CA 103, Wee, has unequivocally and paradoxically affirmed that
the Appellants have always driven head-out first from No 22 onto the Easement
Land after performing a three-point turn within No 22’s compound. The relevant
paragraph in Wee’s affidavit filed on 8 February 2011 states as follows:[note:
22]

We have **_always_** _driven in and out of our compound head-in first_ in the
interest of safety in the past, doing a 3-point turn in our compound. **_We
intend to continue with this familiar practice, which has been proven to be a
safe practice all these years_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

53 This entirely undermines the Appellants’ subsequent assertion that it is
their practice to reverse their cars out of No 22 and that they do so often.
In the circumstances, we find that the Appellants’ complaint about the
erection of the Kerb Wall depriving them of manoeuvring airspace to reverse
their cars out of No 22 is implausible and, indeed, appears contrived. We also
find that the amount of airspace allegedly lost by the Appellants as a result
of the erection of the Kerb Wall is _de minimis_ and, in any event, is
unlikely to be the substantial cause of their present alleged difficulties in
reversing their cars out of No 22 (see below at [77]–[81]).

54 We are therefore of the view that the Appellants have failed to displace
the evidential burden, placed on them by the prevailing facts, of showing that
they and their predecessors in title have not abandoned the Easement in
relation to the First Disputed Area. On the contrary, on the basis of the
established facts, we are satisfied that the Appellants and their predecessors
in title acquiesced in significant changes to the usage and physical extent of
the First Disputed Area – that is to say, in the presence there of the raised
kerb with the grass verge on which the Kerb Wall and three mature trees now
stand – for a long period of time, which changes have rendered the Easement
unusable _vis-à-vis_ the First Disputed Area.

55 In relation to the Second Disputed Area, we find that there has likewise
been abandonment of the Easement in respect of that area for reasons similar
to those set out above in relation to the First Disputed Area. In her
affidavit filed on 23 June 2011 in respect of OS 350, the Respondent deposed
that concrete planter boxes (which have since been removed following the
reconstruction works at No 23) had been in the Second Disputed Area since
1988, and neither vehicles nor individuals could drive or walk through this
area. [note: 23] In _Chia Foong Lin_ at [13], the Judge accepted that:

… [T]here were concrete planter boxes where the meter box [_ie_ , the meter
box mentioned at [6] above] will be. _This meant that that part of the right
of way had already been inaccessible to pedestrians and vehicles_. [emphasis
added]

The aforesaid concrete planter boxes were undoubtedly permanent man-made
structures built on the Second Disputed Area which were relatively difficult
to remove. Their presence constituted a clear adverse circumstance as regards
the use of the Easement. However, for a significant period of over 20 years,
the Appellants and their predecessors in title accepted the presence of these
concrete planter boxes. There was therefore a long period of acquiescence in
the existence of these structures and, consequently, in the fact that this
part of the Easement Land (_viz_ , the Second Disputed Area) was inaccessible.
There was no credible contrary evidence that the Appellants and their
predecessors in title sought to use this area for passage to and from No 22 as
part of their rights under the Easement. As such, we find that the Appellants
have not displaced the evidential burden of showing non-abandonment of the
Easement on the facts.

56 We now turn to address Issue 3, _viz_ , whether there has been substantial
interference with the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment of the Easement as a
result of the four factors outlined at [26(c)] above (namely, the construction
of the Kerb Wall, the installation of the Auto-Gate, the parking of the
Respondent’s cars on the Driveway and the playing of the Respondent’s children
on the Easement Land).

Issue 3: Whether there has been substantial interference with the Appellants’
reasonable enjoyment of the Easement

57 Before we examine the facts relevant to Issue 3, we think it will be
helpful if we first set out generally the essential characteristics of an
easement as well as the incidental rights and obligations of the dominant
owner and the servient owner.

What is the nature of an easement?

58 An easement is an appurtenant right that one landowner (_viz_ , the
dominant owner) has to use land belonging to another (_viz_ , the servient
owner) _in a certain manner_. It is a right to _do an act_ or to _prevent an
act from occurring_ , but it is not a right to have something done (see _Jones
v Price_ [1965] 2 QB 618 at 631). An easement thus requires no more than
sufferance on the part of the servient owner (see _Rance v Elvin and Another_
(1985) 50 P & CR 9 at 13). Wrongful interference with the reasonable use of an
easement is a nuisance that may be injuncted. Often, the key issue in disputes
involving easements is whether the nature of the interference justifies the
injuncting of the activities causing the interference. The following
illuminating passage from _The Singapore Torrens System_ , authored by John
Baalman, the accomplished draftsman of the Land Titles Ordinance 1956 (No 21
of 1956) (the then equivalent of the LTA), has, with remarkable conciseness
and penetration, captured the essence of the attributes of an easement (at pp
178–179):

_The owner of land who grants an easement does no more than to part with a
fraction of his dominion over the servient land._ He simply enables the
grantee to do that which, without the grant, would have been unlawful; in
other words, to commit what o _therwise_ would have been an act of trespass,
or of nuisance. _The grantor continues to be the owner of the soil, and the
only obligation which rests on him is to refrain from doing anything which
would substantially interfere with the enjoyment of the easement by the
grantee._ Thus _if the grantor of a right of way wishes to use the way himself
he can do so without needing any express provision in the grant, for the
simple reason that he is the owner of the soil._ And he can allow other
persons to use it also, either informally, or by granting them easements. In
fact the number of additional licences or easements which a servient owner can
create is limited only by the test above mentioned – i.e. whether the
additional grants increase the burden on the servient land to an extent (e.g.
by congesting traffic on a right of way) which substantially interferes with
the rights of the original grantee. [emphasis added]

59 The key points that emerge from this summary are as follows.

60 First, the servient owner (the grantor of the easement) does _not_ part
with ownership and/or all of his ownership rights in relation to the easement
land. He merely parts with a _fraction_ of his dominion rights over the
easement land.

61 Second, the dominant owner (the grantee of the easement) only acquires a
_limited interest_ over the easement land. He is merely permitted to do
lawfully what would otherwise be unlawful. The dominant owner acquires no
particular right as to how the easement land might be used or dealt with,
other than the right to enjoy the reasonable use of the easement granted to
him.

62 Third, the servient owner may use the easement land as he pleases, provided
he does not do anything that would _substantially interfere_ with the
reasonable enjoyment of the easement by the dominant owner.

63 Fourth, plainly, the dominant owner has no right to insist on maintenance
of the _status quo_ if changes to or on the easement land do not substantially
interfere with his reasonable enjoyment of the easement. The powerfully
evocative terms “dominant” and “servient”, while conceptually coherent, can be
factually misleading. _The rights of the dominant owner over the easement land
do not trump those of the servient owner. The rights of the former are limited
to reasonable enjoyment of the easement._

64 Fifth, the dominant owner has _no_ proprietary interest in the easement
land and _can only prevent actions that will substantially interfere with his
reasonable enjoyment of the easement._ The operative test is not that of any
interference with the reasonable enjoyment of the easement, but rather, that
of _substantial interference._ It follows that the servient owner has _an
absolute right_ to improve and/or use the easement land for his own benefit if
this does not cause substantial interference with the dominant owner’s
reasonable enjoyment of the easement.

65 We shall further explicate these points below at [66]–[72].

The applicable law on substantial interference with the reasonable use of an
easement

(1) General principles

66 Often, when disputes involving easements arise, the focus is usually on the
dominant owner and his rights. However, as mentioned earlier, this is only
part of the “ _sharing equation_ ” between the dominant owner and the servient
owner (see [58]–[64] above). The rights of the dominant owner must be balanced
against those of the servient owner in relation to the easement land, which
(being part of the servient tenement) belongs to the servient owner. The
servient owner has rights of ownership, possession and usage over the easement
land, and the existence of an easement over the easement land does not confer
any right on the dominant owner (the grantee of the easement) to prevent the
servient owner from using the easement land in any way which is not
significantly inconsistent with the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment of
the easement. _As the owner of the easement land, the servient owner can
exercise all incidents of ownership over that land_ _as well as make practical
use of it, subject only to the restriction that_ _he cannot substantially
interfere with the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment of the easement._
Therefore, in disputes over easement usage, the court has to strike an
appropriate balance between allowing the servient owner practical usage of the
easement land and ensuring that the dominant owner’s right to reasonable
enjoyment of the easement is not substantially interfered with.

67 It is only where there is interference of a substantial nature with the
dominant owner’s reasonable use of the easement that a claim for relief in
nuisance will succeed. The test, in essence, is that of “‘substantial
interference’ with the [easement] … in a form which is plainly obstructive of
its reasonable use” (see Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray, _Elements of Land
Law_ (Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009) (“ _Gray & Gray_”) at para
5.1.87). This test has also been affirmed by this court in _Lee Tat
Development Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 301_ [2009]
1 SLR(R) 875.

68 The “substantial interference” test has been described in _B &Q Plc v
Liverpool and Lancashire Properties Limited_ (2000) 81 P & CR 246 (“ _B &Q_”)
at [48]–[49] as turning on convenience, _ie_ , whether the interference with
the easement land renders the continuance of the dominant owner’s reasonable
use of the easement “ _materially less convenient than before_ ” [emphasis
added] (at [71]). The dominant owner “can only object to such activities,
including obstruction, as _substantially interfere_ with the exercise of the
defined right _as for the time being is reasonably required by him_ ”
[emphasis added] (_per_ Mummery LJ in the English Court of Appeal decision of
_West v Sharp_ [2000] 79 P & CR 327 at 332). In substance, this test requires
the court to assess whether the interference with or the obstructions present
on the easement land disturb the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment of the
easement in a materially significant way. This, of course, depends on the
nature of the easement and what it is used for.

(2) Private rights of way

69 In relation to easements in the form of private rights of way specifically,
John Leybourn Goddard, _A Treatise on The Law of Easements_ (Stevens and Sons
Limited, 8th Ed, 1921) (“ _Goddard_ ”) authoritatively summarised the position
almost a hundred years ago thus (at p 389):

… _[A]__right of way along a private road belonging to another person does not
generally give the dominant owner a right that the road shall in no respect be
altered, or the width decreased; for_ _his right does not entitle him to the
use of the whole of the road, unless the whole width of the road is necessary
for his purpose – and it is merely a right to pass with the convenience to
which he has been accustomed_ ; the right, therefore, merely extends to that
portion of the centre of the road which is necessary for the due exercise of
the right of passage; and the only obligation upon the servient owner is, that
he shall not unreasonably contract the width of the road, or render the
exercise of the right of passing substantially less easy than it was at the
time of the grant. This general rule may of course be altered by
circumstances, as was the case in _Nicol_ v. _Beaumont_ [(1883) 53 LJ Ch 853;
50 LT 112], in which there was a grant of right to pass “in the same manner
and as fully as if the same were public roads”. [emphasis added]

70 _Gray & Gray_ reiterates this view in the modern context. It rightly
observes (at para 5.1.87):

Unlike the case of the public highway (where any ‘appreciable’ obstruction is
wrongful), _not every form of interference with a private right of way is
actionable_. _The courts are increasingly anxious to uphold an ethic of
‘reasonableness between neighbours’ and frequently endorse the idea that in
the law of nuisance there must be a large element of ‘give and take’._**_A
right of way cannot, by definition, confer rights of exclusive user. It
necessarily follows that the threshold of actionable nuisance is reached only
when there is ‘substantial’ interference with the way as granted in a form
which is plainly obstructive of its reasonable use_**. [emphasis added in
italics and bold italics]

71 In this regard, _Goddard_ ’s reference (at p 389) to the usage of “the
whole width of the [easement land]” is instructive. The court will have to
assess usage pragmatically and apply as its touchstone the test of
reasonableness. Plainly, the court will not readily frown upon every alleged
interference by the servient owner with a private right of way. The alleged
interference must be material and plainly obstructive, and thereby constitute
a substantial interference with the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment of
the right of way. Careful consideration will, in particular, be accorded to
the _reasonableness_ of the conduct of both the dominant owner and the
servient owner. This approach is also affirmed in _Gale on Easements_ as
follows (at para 13-06):

**…** **_[I]n the case of a private right of way the obstruction is not
actionable unless it is substantial_** _. Again, it has been said that for the
obstruction of a private way the dominant owner cannot complain unless he can
prove injury … In Hutton v Hamboro_ [(1860) 2 F & F 218], where the
obstruction of a private way was alleged, Cockburn C.J. laid down that **_the
question was whether practically and substantially the right of way could be
exercised as conveniently as before._** [emphasis added in italics and bold
italics]

72 It should also be noted that an ordinary right of way does not as a matter
of course confer by implication on the dominant owner the right to park on the
easement land, or even to turn or reverse his vehicles on it. Such rights are
not always necessary to the effective reasonable enjoyment of a right of way
(see _Richard Frank Horton Berryman and Anor v Robert Sonnenschein and Anor_
[2008] NSWSC 213 at [34]–[35]). We note also the observations made by the High
Court in _Lim Hong Seng v East Coast Medicare Centre Pte Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
680 at [44], where it was stated that:

… [T]he express easement enjoyed by the plaintiff would not, even if …
construed … as a general right of way, have allowed him to park his car on the
driveway. The easement was for access not storage.

Application to the present facts

(1) The structures and activities complained of

73 In the light of our finding (at [47] above) that there has been abandonment
by the Appellants and their predecessors in title of the Easement in respect
of (_inter alia_) the First Disputed Area (_ie_ , the area at the end of the
Easement Land where there is a raised kerb with a grass verge on which the
Kerb Wall and three mature trees now stand), it is, strictly speaking, not
necessary for us to address the issue of whether the erection of the Kerb Wall
has caused substantial interference with the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment
of the Easement. The First Disputed Area is now _not_ subject to any easement
and, thus, the Respondent, as the owner of that area (along with the rest of
the plot of land on which No 23 stands), had an absolute right to build the
Kerb Wall on her land. For completeness, however, we shall nonetheless
consider the Appellants’ complaint that the Kerb Wall substantially interferes
with their reasonable use of the Easement.

74 We should also point out that even though we have found that the Appellants
and their predecessors in title have abandoned the Easement in respect of the
Second Disputed Area as well, we still need to consider the Appellants’
allegation of substantial interference with their reasonable enjoyment of the
Easement arising from the installation of the Auto-Gate, the parking of the
Respondent’s cars on the Driveway and the playing of the Respondent’s children
on the Easement Land (_cf_ what we have just said at [73] above _vis-à-vis_
the Appellants’ complaint about the Kerb Wall). This is because these factors
relate to parts of the Easement Land which are outside both of the Disputed
Areas.

(A) The Kerb Wall

75 It became apparent to us, after analysing the Appellants’ complaints, that
the effect of the Kerb Wall on the Appellants’ ability to execute three-point
turns to exit from No 22 is effectively the remaining real bone of contention
between the parties where the Kerb Wall is concerned. The Appellants assert
that the Kerb Wall encroaches on the airspace above the First Disputed Area,
thus depriving them of vehicular “swing room” when they reverse their cars out
of No 22. As a result, they claim that they are now required to execute
intricate driving manoeuvres to avoid hitting the Kerb Wall whenever they
reverse their cars out of No 22. They also state that the Kerb Wall creates a
safety hazard because drivers may now decide to reverse their vehicles down
the entire length of the Driveway in order to reach the public road at Oei
Tiong Ham Park. They add, for good measure, that due to the difficulties
presented by the Kerb Wall’s presence, they are now restricted in the choice
and the number of cars which they can purchase.

76 In response, the Respondent argues that the Kerb Wall does not encroach on
the Easement Land at all. She maintains that three-point turns at the end of
the Easement Land can still be made, and that there has been no substantial
interference with the Appellants’ reasonable use of the Easement. She
disagrees that the Appellants frequently reverse their cars out of No 22 and
thus need turning space at the end of the Easement Land for this purpose. To
drive home her point, the Respondent has adduced up-to-date photographs to
illustrate how the Appellants ordinarily drive out from No 22. She insists
that any difficulties which the Appellants may have in reversing their cars
out of No 22 are solely attributable to the altered position of No 22’s gate.
In short, the Respondent claims that the Appellants are the authors of their
own alleged predicament, assuming it exists.

77 We find that the erection of the Kerb Wall on its own has not substantially
interfered with the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment of the Easement. In any
event, the ability to reverse their cars at the end of the Easement Land is
not reasonably required by the Appellants. The following are our reasons.

78 First, it is relevant that the size of the Driveway on the Easement Land
has not been decreased in any way. This is pertinent, given that the Easement
consists of a right of way. _That the physical dimensions of the Driveway have
remained effectively the same before and after the reconstruction works at No
23 is indicative that there has_ _been little or, at most, only_ _minor
interference with the Appellants’ reasonable use of the Easement since the
Kerb Wall was constructed._

79 Second, the essence of the Appellants’ complaint _vis-à-vis_ the Kerb Wall
is their loss of turning space when reversing their cars out of No 22. We find
this complaint unmeritorious. It appears that prior to the construction of the
Kerb Wall, the horizontal distance over the grass verge at the end of the
Easement Land which the Appellants could in reality actually have enjoyed when
reversing their cars out of No 22 could only have amounted to 280mm at most.
This is the distance from the Kerb Wall to the trunk of the innermost tree at
the end of the Easement Land, with the thickness of the Kerb Wall
included.[note: 24] We also note that that tree slants _towards_ the Driveway,
effectively reducing the amount of space which could have been used for
reversing even before the erection of the Kerb Wall. We therefore agree with
the Respondent that the horizontal distance lost as a result of the building
of the Kerb Wall is _de minimis_ at best. The resultant diminution in turning
radius thus does not amount to a substantial interference with the Appellants’
reasonable enjoyment of the Easement. In any case, even if the Appellants are
now required, when driving out of No 22, to make a few more turns instead of
the typical three-point ones, we are of the view that this does not meet the
requisite threshold of _substantial_ interference with the reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement. As mentioned at (_inter alia_) [64], [68] and [71]
above, not all inconveniences which interfere with the reasonable use of an
easement are legally actionable.

80 Third, it has been established that the usual practice of the Appellants
has all along been to drive out of No 22 head-out first (see above at [52]).
Ordinarily, the user of an easement (_ie_ , the dominant owner) ought not to
be deprived of his preferred _modus operandi_ of using the easement (see _B
&Q_ at [40]–[45]). Here, the preferred _modus operandi_ of the Appellants in
exiting from No 22 is that of driving head-out first, and that mode of using
the Easement has clearly not been restricted by the erection of the Kerb Wall.

81 Fourth, it appears to us likely that the shifting of No 22’s gate along the
Driveway towards the end of the Easement Land has contributed significantly to
the Appellants’ present alleged difficulties in reversing their cars out of No
22, over and above the small degree of interference caused by the erection of
the Kerb Wall as noted earlier. While the parties disagree on the precise
extent of the shift (the Appellants state the figure as 70cm while the
Respondent states it as 100cm (see [9] above)), it cannot be gainsaid that the
necessary consequence of the shift, whether by 70cm or 100cm, is an
appreciable reduction in the amount of manoeuvring space available for the
Appellants’ cars to execute turns on the Easement Land immediately upon
exiting from No 22. We therefore find that the erection of the Kerb Wall
cannot possibly have been the primary cause of this alleged inconvenience.

82 Fifth, the Appellants have no absolute right to use the Easement Land for
particular manoeuvres such as reversing because the Easement consists of a
right of way (see [72] above), _ie_ , a right of _passage_ through the
Easement Land for access to and from No 22. Besides, the evidence shows that
there was previously no need for such manoeuvres before No 22’s gate was
shifted.

(B) The Auto-Gate

83 We now turn to the Appellants’ complaints about the Auto-Gate. The
Appellants allege that the Auto-Gate substantially interferes with their
reasonable enjoyment of the Easement. Specifically, they say that if the Auto-
Gate were to be closed, they will be adversely affected in the following ways:
(a) they will lose the unimpeded access to and from the Easement Land which
they currently enjoy when the Auto-Gate is not closed; (b) postmen and
visitors to No 22 will be unaware of the presence of No 22; and (c) they (_ie_
, the Appellants) will be impeded in the discharge of their professional
obligations as medical doctors when they are required to attend to medical
emergencies. They add that providing them with a remote control for the Auto-
Gate and installing an intercom system there will not mitigate the loss (when
the Auto-Gate is closed) of their right to unimpeded access to and from the
Easement Land. The Respondent argues, on the other hand, that the installation
of the Auto-Gate has not substantially interfered with the Appellants’
reasonable use of the Easement. She affirms that she had previously offered to
provide the Appellants with a remote control and a set of manual keys for the
Auto-Gate, as well as to install at the Auto-Gate at her own expense an
intercom system linked to No 22. In addition, she had previously offered to
incorporate an open pedestrian access route leading to the Easement Land,
provide a post box for No 22 as well as display No 22’s unit number on the
pillar of the Auto-Gate in order to quell the Appellants’ worries about the
lack of visibility of No 22 should the Auto-Gate be closed. The Respondent has
also informed us that the Auto-Gate will be closed only when her children play
on the Easement Land.

84 The legal position in respect of gates and barriers which are alleged to
interfere with the reasonable enjoyment of an easement coheres with the
general position stated above (at [60]–[64]) _vis-à-vis_ the respective rights
of a servient owner and a dominant owner. Simply put, the servient owner, in
exercise of his rights of ownership, is entitled to fence up the easement
land. However, his entitlement is circumscribed by his obligation not to
substantially interfere with the dominant owner’s reasonable enjoyment of the
easement (see _Gale on Easements_ at para 13-14). _Gray & Gray_ rightly states
(at para 5.1.89, citing _Sunset Properties Pty Ltd v Johnston_ (1975) 3 BPR
9185 at 9195) that the true test in respect of interference arising from the
erection of gates and barriers is “whether the gate is ‘locked against
enjoyment’”.

85 We agree with the Judge that the installation and the closure of the Auto-
Gate will not amount to substantial interference with the Appellants’
reasonable enjoyment of the Easement. Our reasons are as follows.

86 First, it is pertinent to note that there has always been a gate at the
entrance of the Easement Land, although the previous gate was a manual one.
This undermines the Appellants’ present stance in respect of the Auto-Gate.
That the existence of the previous manual gate was never objected to by the
Appellants and their predecessors in title evinces an implicit acceptance on
their part that any gate at the entrance of the Easement Land can be closed as
and when required. Otherwise, why have a gate at all? Further, as we have just
mentioned (see [84] above), a servient owner does in law have a right to fence
up the easement land, provided no substantial interference with the dominant
owner’s reasonable use of the easement is caused. Where an easement takes the
form of a right of way, the locking of a gate leading to the right of way is
not in itself inconsistent with the reasonable enjoyment of the easement,
especially if the dominant owner is provided with a key or a combination lock
code for the gate (see _Gray & Gray_ at para 5.1.89). Given that the
Respondent has offered to provide the Appellants with a similar level of
access in the present case (see [83] above), the installation of the Auto-Gate
does not substantially interfere with the Appellants’ right to reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement.

87 Second, the Auto-Gate, being remote-controlled, would appear to be easier
and more convenient for the Appellants to operate as compared to the previous
manual one. Previously, whenever the manual gate happened to be closed, the
Appellants would have had to walk over to the gate to manually push it open.
The Appellants’ argument that the Auto-Gate may malfunction too frequently and
thus prevent easy access from the Easement Land to the public road at Oei
Tiong Ham Park and _vice versa_ is a strained one, especially given that the
Appellants too have installed an automatic remote-controlled gate for No 22.

88 Third, the Respondent has offered to display No 22’s unit number on the
pillar of the Auto-Gate, erect a post box for No 22 at the Auto-Gate and
provide at the Auto-Gate at her own expense an intercom system linked to No
22. She has also stated that she intends to leave unlocked the pedestrian
access gate beside the Auto-Gate so as to facilitate third-party access (for
instance, by postmen or visitors) to No 22 via the Easement Land. With these
facilities offered to the Appellants to facilitate third-party access, we find
it difficult to understand their complaints about the Auto-Gate.

89 Pertinently, the Respondent does not intend to close the Auto-Gate unless
her children are playing on the Easement Land. As such, the Appellants are
perhaps unnecessarily exercised about the closure of the Auto-Gate.

(C) The Parking of the Respondent’s cars on the Driveway

90 _Vis-à-vis_ the parking of the Respondent’s cars on the Driveway, the
Appellants claim that the Respondent’s plans to create permanent car park lots
on the Driveway to park her cars for extended periods of time would
substantially interfere with their reasonable enjoyment of the Easement. They
also cite concerns about contacting the Respondent to shift her car(s)
whenever required, and about having to take additional care when driving past
other vehicles parked on the Driveway. The Respondent, on the other hand,
states that she does not have any plans to create permanent parking spaces on
the Driveway, and that any difficulties cited by the Appellants about driving
through the Driveway when other vehicles are parked on it have been
dramatically overstated.

91 We agree with the Judge’s finding of fact (at [12] of _Chia_ _Foong Lin_)
that there will be no substantial interference with the Appellants’ reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement if there is limited parking usage of the Driveway by
the Respondent. The Respondent is entitled to reasonable practical usage of
her land. Essentially, the question is whether her intended usage in terms of
parking her cars on the Driveway is excessive and thereby substantially
interferes with the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment of the Easement.

92 Here, the issue of exclusion does not arise as there is no assertion by the
Respondent that she is entitled to create permanent parking lots on the
Driveway to park her cars. In assessing the right balance to be struck between
the parties’ respective rights, we do not think there is any substance in the
Appellants’ complaint about the parking of the Respondent’s cars on the
Driveway. In any event, a significant consideration in assessing the merits of
this complaint is that (as mentioned at [5] above) there is ample space on the
Driveway for two ordinary domestic vehicles to comfortably pass alongside each
other. For the avoidance of doubt, we point out that the Respondent’s right to
park her cars on the Driveway, be it at the end of the Easement Land or at the
entrance of the Easement Land, must be exercised reasonably, and should not be
exercised in such a way as to obstruct at any time the passage of vehicles to
and from No 22. Subject to this condition, the Respondent’s right to park her
cars on the Driveway includes the right to allow visitors to No 23 to park
their cars on the Driveway. This right does not, however, extend to overnight
parking on the Driveway of the Respondent’s cars or the cars of visitors to No
23, unless the Respondent is unable to park her cars, or to allow visitors to
No 23 to park their cars, in No 23’s compound due to extenuating circumstances
(_eg_ , if renovation or construction works are being carried out to those
areas in No 23’s compound which are normally used for parking, or if the
Respondent has several house guests with cars staying overnight at No 23).
Should such circumstances arise, the Respondent must give adequate prior
notice to the Appellants of her intention to park her cars (or to allow
visitors to No 23 to park their cars) on the Driveway overnight.

(D) The playing of the Respondent’s children on the Easement Land

93 The fourth and last factor raised by the Appellants _vis-à-vis_ their
allegation of substantial interference with their reasonable use of the
Easement relates to the playing of the Respondent’s children on the Easement
Land. The Appellants complain that this substantially interferes with their
reasonable enjoyment of the Easement. They claim that the Respondent intends
to convert the Easement Land into a playground, and that this will pose a
safety hazard whenever they need to drive through or reverse their cars out of
No 22 onto the Easement Land. In response, the Respondent states that she has
no plans to create a children’s playground on the Easement Land and only
intends to allow her children to play there from time to time. She also says
that there will be no safety hazard posed by her children playing on the
Easement Land as her children will simply step to the side whenever any
vehicles drive through.

94 We are unable to find sufficient merit in this complaint that will justify
injuncting the Respondent’s children from playing on the Easement Land. There
is no evidence to suggest that the Respondent is planning to construct
permanent play facilities there. Also, as noted above (at [93]), the
Respondent’s children will play on the Easement Land only from time to time.
This cannot be said to substantially interfere with the Appellants’ reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement. Granted, there will be a need for the Appellants
(and visitors driving to No 22) to drive more carefully (or even more slowly)
along the Easement Land whenever the Respondent’s children play there, but
this cannot be regarded as a substantial interference with the reasonable use
of the Easement, given especially that the right of way under the Easement is
a _private_ right of way.

(2) Non-derogation from grant

95 As an additional string to their legal bow, the Appellants also argue that
the erection of the Kerb Wall, the construction of the meter box and the
pedestrian access gate next to the Auto-Gate, the parking of the Respondent’s
cars on the Driveway and the playing of the Respondent’s children on the
Easement Land effectively result in a derogation from the Easement granted to
them. In response, the Respondent argues that these structures and activities
on the Easement Land do not result in a derogation from grant as the Easement
remains fit to be used for the purposes for which it was granted. The
Respondent also contends that a mere reduction in the dimensions of the
Easement Land does not substantially interfere with the Appellants’ reasonable
use of the Easement.

96 The test of whether there is derogation from the grant of an easement is
likewise that of whether there is substantial interference with the dominant
owner’s reasonable use of the easement (see above at [67]). This was
emphasised by the High Court in _Cold Storage Singapore (1983) Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation of Chancery Court and others_ [1989] 2 SLR(R) 180 and
reiterated by this court in _Cold Storage Singapore (1983) Pte Ltd v
Management Corporation of Chancery Court and others_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 992 at
[4]–[6]. Simply put, in order to establish derogation from grant, it is
insufficient that some interference with the dominant owner’s reasonable use
of the easement exists or is threatened; rather, it is crucial that the
alleged interference is significant.

97 In the present case, the Appellants’ allegation of derogation from grant is
no more than a mirror image of their contention that their reasonable
enjoyment of the Easement has been substantially interfered with. Indeed, the
Appellants are relying on similar arguments for both of these complaints. For
the reasons stated above at [73]–[94], we find that none of the structures and
activities complained of can be said to cause substantial interference with
the Appellants’ reasonable use of the Easement. Therefore, there is no
derogation from the grant of that easement. The Easement Land, as it presently
stands, can still be used effectively as a passageway for both vehicular and
pedestrian access to and from No 22. In other words, the Easement has not been
rendered materially less fit to be used for the purposes for which it was
granted.

Concluding remarks

98 It is plain that the Appellants have fundamentally misapprehended their
fractional rights in relation to the Easement Land. They are not and have
never been the co-owners of that land. While they are the owners of the
dominant tenement (_viz_ , No 22), they are not entitled to assert their
fractional rights over the Easement Land in so domineering a manner as to
prevent the Respondent from making reasonable use of that part of her land
(see [58]–[64] above). They are therefore not entitled to unreasonably object
to each and every change in the Respondent’s usage of the Easement Land (see
[61], [63] and [64] above). They also have no absolute right to doggedly
insist that every existing aspect or feature of the Easement Land be immutably
preserved for posterity (see [63] above), especially when they and their
predecessors in title have already abandoned the Easement in relation to the
Disputed Areas (see [47] above). All that the Appellants had prior to the
reconstruction works at No 23 and all that they currently have now that those
works have been completed is an enforceable right to ensure that the
Respondent does not _substantially interfere_ with their right to _reasonable_
use of the Easement Land for entry to and exit from No 22 at any time (see
[61]–[64] above). In this regard, we have found that none of the structures
and activities complained of in these proceedings cause substantial
interference with the Appellants’ reasonable enjoyment of the Easement.

Conclusion

99 In the result, both CA 103 and CA 151 are dismissed with costs, save that
in relation to CA 151, the Appellants are entitled to the costs incurred in
relation to the getting-up work done on Issue 1, which the Respondent has
raised unsuccessfully before this court (see [28] above). The usual
consequential orders are to apply for both appeals.

* * *

[note: 1]See the layout plan in the Core Bundle dated 27 February 2012 filed
by the Appellants for CA 103 (“CB (CA 103)”) at Vol 2, p 51; see also the
transfer dated 28 June 1983 (in CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, pp 48–49).

[note: 2]See the deed dated 22 October 1958 (CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, p 56).

[note: 3]_Ibid_.

[note: 4]See the layout plan in CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, p 51.

[note: 5]See the Respondent’s Case for CA 151 (“RC (CA 151)”) at p 145.

[note: 6]See the Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle dated 3 April 2012 for
CA 103 (“RSCB (CA 103)”) at p 21.

[note: 7]See RSCB (CA 103) at p 24; see also the Respondent’s Case for CA 103
(“RC (CA 103)”) at pp 20–22.

[note: 8]See RSCB (CA 103) at pp 16–17; see also RC (CA 103) at pp 22–23.

[note: 9]See CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, pp 7–9.

[note: 10]This was prayer 3 of OS 85, which is one of the matters in issue in
CA 103. The full prayer reads as follows: “A mandatory injunction requiring
the Defendant [_ie_ , the Respondent] to redesign and if necessary rebuild the
proposed [P&A wall] or any other structure near the Easement [Land] so that
the Easement [Land] will not be encroached upon” (see CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, p
20).

[note: 11]See CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, pp 20–21.

[note: 12]See the Core Bundle dated 27 February 2012 filed by the Appellants
for CA 151 (“CB (CA 151)”) at Vol 2, pp 7–9.

[note: 13]See CB (CA 151) at Vol 2, p 12.

[note: 14]See CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, p 20.

[note: 15]See CB (CA 103) at Vol 2, p 20.

[note: 16]See the Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle dated 3 April 2012 for
CA 151 (“RSCB (CA 151)”) at pp 202–203.

[note: 17]See RC (CA 151) at pp 143–144; see also RSCB (CA 151) at pp 9–10.

[note: 18]_Ibid_.

[note: 19]See RC (CA 151) at p 148.

[note: 20]See RC (CA 151) at p 143.

[note: 21]See RC (CA 151) at p 153.

[note: 22]See RSCB (CA 151) at p 179.

[note: 23]See the Joint Record of Appeal for CA 103 and CA 151 (“ROA”) at Vol
3 (Part 4), p 242.

[note: 24]See ROA at Vol 3 (Part 8), pp 150–151.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

