Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd _v_ Welltech Construction Pte Ltd and
another suit  
[2012] SGHC 207

Case Number| :| Suit No 63 of 2012 (Summons No 829 of 2012) and Suit No 64 of
2012 (Summons No 869 of 2012 and Summons No 985 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Andrew J Hanam (Andrew LLC) for the plaintiff; Ramalingam
Kasi (Raj Kumar) for the defendant in Suit No 63 of 2012; Cheah Kok Lim (Cheah
Associates LLC) for the defendant in Suit No 64 of 2012.  
Parties| :|  Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd — Welltech Construction Pte Ltd  
  
16 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

1 This is a case involving overseas training centres for the training, testing
and certification (under the requirements of the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”)) and subsequent mobilisation of construction workers from
Bangladesh to Singapore.

2 There were three applications in these two actions before me:

(a) In Suit No 63 of 2012 (“Suit 63”), Virsagi Management (S) Pte Ltd
(“Virsagi”) sued Welltech Construction Pte Ltd (“Welltech”) (both being
Singapore-incorporated companies) for an injunction to restrain Welltech from
interfering with an agreement entered into between Virsagi and Gazipur Air
Express International on or about 26 April 2009, (“the Gazipur Agreement”) in
general, and in particular to allow Virsagi to resume registration of certain
tests, processing the test results and to mobilise the workers who have passed
the test, or alternatively for unlawful interference with the operation of the
Gazipur Agreement, as well as for damages and an account of profits.

(i) In Suit 63, Welltech took out an application, Summons No 829 of 2012
(“Summons 829”) to stay Suit 63 on the ground of _lis alibi pendens_ and/or
_forum non conveniens_ and to extend time to file its defence until Summons
829 was disposed of.

(b) In Suit No 64 of 2012 (“Suit 64”), Virsagi sued Ferdous Ahmed Badel (who
claims it should be spelt “Fardous Ahamad Badal”) trading as Gazipur Air
Express International (“Badal” or “Gazipur” as the case may be), a sole
proprietorship registered in Dhaka, Bangladesh, for wrongful termination
and/or breach of the Gazipur Agreement, an injunction to restrain Gazipur from
terminating the Gazipur Agreement in general and in particular to allow
Virsagi to resume registration of certain tests, processing the test results
and to mobilise the workers who have passed the test under the Gazipur
Agreement, and for damages and an account of profits.

(i) In Suit 64, Virsagi took out an application, Summons No 869 of 2012
(“Summons 869”), for an interlocutory injunction restraining Gazipur from
bringing any worker tested at the Welltech Test Centre (also referred to as
“WTPL’s OTC” in these grounds of decision) in Dhaka, Bangladesh into Singapore
unless Gazipur complied with the Gazipur Agreement and included Virsagi in its
overseas testing centre business in Dhaka, Bangladesh; alternatively, that
Gazipur provides security in the sum of $1,224,000 every six months in lieu of
an interlocutory injunction; and

(ii) Gazipur has taken out an application, Summons in Chambers 985 of 2012
(“Summons 985”), to stay Suit 64 on the ground of _lis alibi pendens_ and/or
_forum non conveniens_ and to extend time to file a defence until Summons 829
is disposed of.

3 After hearing the parties, I dismissed Virsagi’s application in Summons 869
and granted Gazipur’s and Welltech’s applications in Summons 985 and Summons
829 respectively for a stay in Suit 63 and Suit 64 with the usual cost orders
in favour of the successful parties. Virsagi has appealed against my decision
and I set out the reasons for my decision.

Facts

The joint venture for overseas test centres

4 The facts in [4] to [9] herein are not in dispute. In 2006, the BCA invited
companies to set up authorised overseas test centres (“OTCs”) in India and
Bangladesh in a bid to get workers for the construction industry to be
trained, tested and certified before bringing them into Singapore. Welltech
was established in the construction industry in Singapore and met the
eligibility criteria set out by the BCA. Virsagi had the necessary expertise
in operating an OTC but did not meet BCA’s criteria. Virsagi’s Mr Victor Lee
(“Victor”) approached Welltech to collaborate. Welltech agreed.

5 On 6 December 2006, BCA granted Welltech approval to operate an OTC in
Dhaka, Bangladesh (“Dhaka”). This approval or licence was for 3 years from 6
December 2009 and would be reviewed on a yearly basis thereafter. It was a
condition of the approval that Welltech set up a company in Bangladesh to
manage the OTC and retain at least a 30% shareholding.

6 Virsagi introduced a Bangladesh company, Rupsha Overseas Ltd, (“Rupsha”), to
Welltech to be their local partner for the joint venture. A joint venture
company was incorporated on 25 November 2011 and called Welltech Test Pvt Ltd
(“WTPL”). An agreement, which was undated, was entered into between Welltech,
Virsagi and Rupsha (“the Rupsha Agreement”), and this was submitted to the BCA
by Welltech in a letter dated 24 November 2006. One Mr Jalal Yunos, a director
of Rupsha, signed the Rupsha Agreement on behalf of Rupsha.

7 Sometime in early 2007, Virsagi and Welltech entered into a written
agreement (“the Principal Agreement”), the relevant terms of which were:

(a) A joint venture company, to be called WTPL, was to be incorporated with
Virsagi holding 40%, Welltech holding 30% and the local partner holding the
remaining 30% of the share capital;

(b) Virsagi would bear all costs and expenses in the set up of WTPL and the
OTC – Welltech was not required to put in any funds for this purpose;

(c) Virsagi would establish the OTC, obtain all government, regulatory and
other approvals required in Bangladesh to establish and operate an OTC;

(d) Welltech would receive a payment of $200 per worker who passed the test;

(e) The agreement was not terminable for the first 3 years. Thereafter either
party could terminate the agreement by serving 6 months’ notice to the other
party;

(f) The agreement was governed by Singapore law and the parties irrevocably
submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of Singapore courts.

8 Virsagi entered into an agreement dated 26 April 2007 with a local partner
in Dhaka, GN International, to establish the OTC (“the Virsagi-GNI
Agreement”). The OTC was duly set up and put into operation. As mentioned
above (at [6]), WTPL was incorporated in Dhaka in November 2007. WTPL’s shares
were held by representatives of the participant companies of the joint venture
and not the participant companies themselves as provided for in the Principal
Agreement (see [7(a)] above). Hence, out of the 100 shares that were issued,
Victor held 40 shares as a representative of Virsagi, Mr Woon Wee Phong, a
director of Welltech, held 30 shares and Badal/Gazipur held or came to hold 30
shares. Welltech and Badal further contend that WTPL remained dormant and
operations and payments to and from the OTC (“WTPL’s OTC”) were made
independently of WTPL between the parties by mutual agreement.

9 By a letter dated 10 January 2011, Welltech served a written notice of
termination of the Principal Agreement as required under Clause 7 of the said
agreement. Although Clause 11 of the Principal Agreement provided for a notice
period of 6 months, at Victor’s request, Welltech extended the termination
date to 31 December 2011. It is not disputed by any party that the Principal
Agreement was validly brought to an end by Welltech on 31 December 2011.

10 Welltech alleged that the Rupsha Agreement was not properly implemented and
without its knowledge, Rupsha was replaced with GN International and yet later
with Gazipur. Welltech further alleged that Virsagi did not provide any funds
and it later found out that almost all the funds were put up by Gazipur.
Virsagi pleaded in Suit 64 that on or about 26 April 2009, GN International’s
responsibilities under the Virsagi-GNI Agreement were assigned to Gazipur.
Pursuant to this, Virsagi and Gazipur entered into the Gazipur Agreement.

11 Virsagi’s claims against Welltech did not, and indeed could not, arise
under the Principal Agreement as all parties accept that the Principal
Agreement was lawfully brought to an end on 31 December 2011. Virsagi instead
sued Welltech in tort for inducing a breach of Gazipur Agreement and for
unlawful interference with that agreement. Virsagi alleged that Welltech had
taken steps together with Gazipur, to set up another OTC called Welltech
Education Centre Pvt Ltd to divert the training and testing of workers away
from WTPL, thereby bypassing Virsagi. Virsagi therefore sought an injunction
to restrain Welltech from interfering with the Gazipur Agreement in general
and in particular to allow Virsagi to resume registration for the tests,
processing of test results and mobilisation of workers who have passed the
tests as these were within Virsagi’s scope of works under the Gazipur
Agreement.

The Gazipur Agreement

12 The relevant portions of the Gazipur Agreement are as follows:

(a) Clause 1, the “Introduction” clause to the Gazipur Agreement, recited some
background to the BCA approving the setting up of overseas test centres,
including those in Dhaka, Bangladesh and states that Virsagi, “... thru its
nominee, WellTech Construction Pte Ltd, applied to set up a new OTC’s it has
since been successful, and has now obtained an in principle approval from
BCA”.

(b) In Clause 3, the subject matter was described as an “agreement to
establish a BCA approved OTC in Dhaka Bangladesh as well as facilities for
training or workers to take the test at the OTC and the mobilization of the
workers to work in Singapore”;

(c) In Clause 4, the Gazipur Agreement provided that Gazipur had to deal with
all the paperwork and permits from the Government of Bangladesh, procure a
piece of land and erect a building suitable for the OTC at its cost, have the
capacity to accommodate 500 workers, take full responsibility for the OTC as
Virsagi will only be working from the Singapore side, train up the required
number of workers with 3 months training and testing, make all payments for
the registration and mobilization of the workers, pay the annual fee for the
BCA test computers, pay $1,000 per month and all air fare, accommodation, meal
and transport costs for Virsagi’s “Liaison Person” who is “to support” the BCA
test (_ie_ the tests to the standards or requirements set by the BCA), and
comply fully with all instructions and directions that were given by the BCA
and Welltech;

(d) Under Clause 5, Virsagi had to respond to the BCA as necessary, send its
employee to Dhaka each month “to support the BCA test”, process the test
results, and mobilize workers to work in Singapore as soon as they passed
their tests including arranging for approval for these workers to be employed
in Singapore;

(e) Under Clause 6, Gazipur was to be fully responsible for the entire cost of
training and testing the workers in Dhaka, including payment of fees to
Virsagi for registration and BCA test fees;

(f) Under Clause 7, Gazipur had to send the list of workers who pass their
tests with $1,000 per worker to Virsagi for the latter to obtain in-principle
approval (“IPA”) from the Ministry of Manpower for their employment in
Singapore. Upon receiving IPA, Gazipur would pay the remaining balance of
$3,130 per worker 5 days before their flight to Singapore;

(g) Clause 12 was a termination clause which provided:

This agreement is non terminable so long as the Second Party [Virsagi]
principal continues to possess a license for the testing or worker. However,
if the license obtained by the Second Parties is cancelled for any reason
whatsoever, then the agreement is deemed to be cancelled, and its provision is
rendered null and void.

(h) Clause 14 provided:

For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties have an exclusive relationship with
one another in respect of their operations at the training and test centre
known as the WellTech Test Centre.

(i) Clause 16, the “Governing Law” clause, read:

The parties hereto agree that matters pertaining to the training of workers in
Dhaka, the operations of the WellTech test centre, the mob of workers to the
centre for training, i.e., matters arising on the Dhaka side shall be governed
by the laws of Bangladesh. On the other hand, matters pertaining to the
registration of workers for test, the rules and directions of the BCA and the
license, etc i.e. matters arising on the Singapore side shall be governed by
the laws of Singapore.

13 It should be mentioned that the Virsagi-GNI Agreement was very similar to
the Gazipur Agreement. It provided that GN International would procure the
land and construct the OTC building at its own cost and Virsagi would invest a
sum equivalent to S$200,000 to equipt the OTC. There was an apparent falling
out between Mr Aminul Hossain Sarker (“Mr Sarker”) of GN International and
Badal, who was also a partner in GN International, and a fresh agreement – the
Gazipur Agreement – thus came into being.

14 Welltech contended that Virsagi entered into these agreements without its
knowledge or participation and Welltech was not a party to the same and denied
that it was ever a “nominee” of Gazipur as set out in the recital at [12(a)]
above.

15 The commercial attraction of the venture to Welltech was that it did not
have to come up with any funds or expend much time effort to run this venture
in Bangladesh. It merely had to obtain the BCA licence and everything else
would be run by Virsagi and Welltech would be paid $200 per worker. Virsagi
would have to find the local Bangladesh partner, who would then secure the
land, construct the OTC building to accommodate 500 workers at a time, operate
the test centre and liaise with the Bangladesh authorities. It appears, and it
is not necessary for me at this stage to make any findings on this score, that
Virsagi got the Bangladesh party to obtain the land, erect the building and
was itself paid a sum of money per worker, but Virsagi was of course much more
involved in the testing of workers, obtaining certification for the workers
and in the mobilisation of these workers to Singapore. Virsagi was paid fairly
significant sums per worker, although some of which went towards defraying the
costs of housing the worker and putting the worker through the tests at the
OTC.

16 There were some further factual allegations that should be set out for
completeness at this interlocutory stage:

(a) In a court document (that bore resemblance to a petition) filed in Company
Matter No 8 of 2012 in the High Court Division of the Supreme Court of
Bangladesh at Dhaka (“Dhaka CM 8/2012”), Victor sued WTPL as 1st Defendant, Mr
Woon Wee Phong as 2nd Defendant and Badal as 3rd Defendant; (there were other
respondents, referred to as “pro-forma parties” like the Registrar of Joint
Stock Companies, the Secretary, Ministry of Expatriates, Welfare and Overseas
Development, Bangladesh Secretariat, and the Director General, Bureau of
Manpower, Employment and Training, stated to be added for efficacious
disposition of the proceedings, but no issues arise on that score). Victor’s
action was based on the minority oppression provision, section 233, of the
Bangladesh Companies Act.

(b) Dhaka CM 8/2012 stated that originally, Virsagi entered into an agreement
with Rupsha for the establishment of the OTC on 24 November 2006 in
anticipation of Welltech obtaining the licence to do so from BCA. Rupsha was
subsequently no longer interested to collaborate with Virsagi and Welltech
(Welltech denies any knowledge of this), and Virsagi approached (although it
should be noted that the language used in Dhaka CM 8/2012 was ambiguous and it
could be interpreted to mean Welltech and Virsagi made a joint approach to) GN
International to collaborate as the local partner. It was also alleged that
Badal, a partner in GN International, had his own recruitment licence from the
Bangladesh authorities under “The Gazipur Air International”. Dhaka CM 8/2012
went on to state that an agreement was entered into between Gazipur and GN
International, whose managing partner was Mr Sarker.

(b) This agreement between “...Sarker, Managing Partner, GN International...”
and Virsagi, (_ie_ the Virsagi-GNI Agreement) was dated 26 April 2007.

(c) Dhaka CM 8/2012 also stated that WTPL was set up with the representatives
of the participant companies holding its shares (as stated at [8] above), but
explained that GN International’s shares were issued in the name of Badal, one
of the partners of GN International. It did not otherwise explain why Mr
Sarker’s name was not used.

(d) Dhaka CM 8/2012 then stated that the monies collected for the purposes of
WTPL’s OTC and the training, testing and mobilisation of the workers were not
banked into WTPL’s bank account but was, by mutual agreement, disbursed
amongst Welltech, Virsagi and GN International.

(e) Dhaka CM 8/2012 also stated that since January 2009, certain differences
arose between the shareholders of WTPL and it was said that the disputes arose
because Badal wanted to replace GN International with Gazipur as the local
partner.

(f) This explained why the Gazipur Agreement, dated 26 April 2009, contained
Recital (d) which referred to Sarker’s inability to discharge its obligations
and that Gazipur was brought in as a substitute. Recital (d) also provided
that if Mr Sarker or GN International sought legal redress against Virsagi in
the Bangladeshi courts, Gazipur would be liable for all expenses or payments
that were made to Mr Sarker or GN International.

(g) Dhaka CM 8/2012 also recited that, (and unfortunately the document is
badly photocopied and cut-off at the end, but doing the best interpolation
that I can), Badal began to deal with Welltech circumventing Virsagi. It also
stated that Badal sought to do business with one Mr Taneem Hasan, with whom
Virsagi had disputes. Consequently, to settle these disputes, Virsagi and
Gazipur entered into the Gazipur Agreement and later a Supplementary Agreement
dated 19 August 2009.

The Bangladesh proceedings: Dhaka CM 8/2012

17 Virsagi did not dispute that Victor commenced Dhaka CM 8/2012 on 5 January
2012 in the Supreme Court of Bangladesh, High Court Division (Statutory
Original Jurisdiction) in Dhaka (“Dhaka High Court”). Its complaint was that
the other majority shareholders were carrying out the business of an OTC and
mobilising workers with other parties without the participation of WTPL and
Virsagi. Virsagi sought in Dhaka CM 8/2012:-

(a) a direction to the other shareholders of WTPL “... to continue their
business as an Overseas Testing Centre in Bangladesh through [WTPL] with the
active participation of the petitioner”;

(b) pending Dhaka CM 8/2012, an ad-interim order restraining Mr Woon Wee Phong
and Badal “from doing Overseas Testing Center business in Bangladesh for
export of manpower to Singapore by themselves, or through any company in which
they are an officer or a shareholder, except through the Overseas Testing
Centre operated by [WTPL] and with the active participation of the
petitioner”.

18 On 9 January 2012, Victor obtained an ad-interim order from the Dhaka High
Court restraining Welltech and Gazipur from doing OTC business in Bangladesh
for export of manpower to Singapore by themselves or through any company
except through WTPL and with the active participation of Virsagi/Victor Lee.
It appeared that a stay on this order was granted on 15 January 2012.

19 It is of some significance that Dhaka CM 8/2012 also referred to some
further factual allegations:

(a) there was a reference at paragraphs 12 to 14 of Dhaka CM 8/2012 that when
Welltech terminated the Principal Agreement, there was some offer that
Virsagi’s shares in WTPL be bought over by the other two shareholders;

(b) it was alleged that there was a subsequent agreement (which appeared to be
partly oral and partly confirmed in certain emails between the parties) for
Welltech and Gazipur to buy out Virsagi at a price equivalent to $250 per
worker who passed the tests at WTPL’s OTC in 2012 and subject to the condition
that WTPL and Badal did not do any business with Mr Taneem Hasan and
thereafter Victor’s role was subsequently carried out by a person named Mr L K
Peh;

(c) Victor alleged that he subsequently found out that Badal was engaged in
business with Mr Taneem Hasan and a meeting was held in Singapore between
Virsagi and Welltech in November 2011;

(d) Victor then made further allegations of, _eg_ , his concerns of Mr Taneem
Hasan’s use of the WTPL’s OTC and his discovery of a transfer of business from
WTPL’s OTC to somewhere else. A disagreement later broke out and Victor
withdrew his offer to sell Virsagi’s shares in WTPL.

20 There was an affidavit filed by Mr Muntasir Uddin Ahmed on 23 February 2012
which deposed to the backlog facing the judiciary of Bangladesh. He stated
that for civil cases involving a “money suit”, it would take 5 to 10 years in
Bangladesh before the outcome would be known.

21 Notwithstanding this, the Dhaka High Court delivered its judgment in Dhaka
CM 8/2012. The written judgment recorded that Dhaka CM 8/2012 was heard on 15
and 16 April 2012 and a written judgment was delivered on 21 June 2012. In a
detailed 22-page judgment, Abdur Rahman J found, _inter alia_ , that WTPL was
a non-functioning company, Victor and Badal were running the OTC business
under a private arrangement, Mr Woon Wee Phong (of Welltech) was only liable
to lend its licence from the BCA for establishing and running the OTC business
in Dhaka and the OTC business set up under the private arrangement had no
connection with WTPL. Abdur Rahman J dismissed the petition for minority
oppression and discharged the injunction. The Dhaka High Court also stated
that the respondents, Mr Woon Wee Phong (of Welltech) and Badal were free to
continue with the business of the OTC in accordance with the private
arrangement between the parties. Victor has appealed against the Dhaka High
Court’s decision and the appeal is pending.

Analysis

22 Having set out these undisputed facts and factual allegations, I now turn
to the applications before me.

Lis Alibi Pendens

23 Virsagi accepted that there were identical parties in Dhaka CM 8/2012 and
Suit 63 and Suit 64 but contended that the issues of fact and law to be
determined were different. Although the issues to be decided between Virsagi
and Welltech (which lay in tort) and that between Virsagi and Gazipur (which
lay in contract) were different, the relief claimed against Welltech and
Gazipur was substantially the same – Virsagi wanted to ensure Welltech could
only carry on OTC business in Bangladesh with Badal with the involvement of
Virsagi and could not exclude Virsagi.

24 Virsagi’s primary claim against Welltech in Suit 63 was framed as follows:

An injunction to restrain [Welltech] from interference with the operation of
the Gazipur Agreement in general and _in particular to allow_ [Virsagi] _to
resume registration for the tests, processing the test results and to mobilize
the workers who have passed the test_ , being [Virsagi’s] scope of works under
the Gazipur Agreement.

[emphasis added]

Virsagi’s other claims against Welltech were for damages and an account of
profits from the registration and mobilisation of workers.

25 Virsagi’s primary claim against Gazipur in Suit 64 was framed as follows:

An injunction to restrain [Gazipur] from terminating the Gazipur Agreement in
general and _in particular to allow_ [Virsagi] _to resume registration for the
tests, processing the test results and to mobilize the workers who have passed
the test_ , being [Virsagi’s] scope of works under the Gazipur Agreement.

[emphasis added]

Virsagi’s other claims against Gazipur were also for damages and an account of
profits from the operation of WTPL’s OTC and any other OTC formed with
Welltech.

26 Virsagi’s reliefs claimed against WTPL, Mr Woon Wee Phong and Badal in
Dhaka CM 8/2012 have been set out above (at [17]) and it would be seen that
they were substantially the same as the reliefs claimed in Suit 63 and Suit
64. The essential three-party arrangement between the parties cannot be
overlooked although it had been broken down into the Virsagi-Welltech
component (with Welltech holding the BCA licence and Virsagi with the
Bangladesh connections and the ability to run the business in Dhaka) and the
Virsagi-Bangladesh Party component (with Virsagi having the BCA “contact” in
Singapore and offering the Bangladesh partner a share in exchange for getting
the land, putting up the building and obtaining the Bangladesh approvals) and
hence the very bare tri-partite agreement over the joint-venture vehicle, the
Rupsha Agreement. Virsagi chose to split this arrangement into two contracts
in all probability for its own commercial relevance and protection. Welltech
had the BCA licence to offer and Badal had the land, the building, funding in
Bangladesh and ability to obtain regulatory approval for the project. Virsagi
could do neither of these. This scheme could not work without Badal or
Welltech, but it could, without Virsagi. Unfortunately for Virsagi, it did not
secure itself as far as Welltech was concerned, for longer than the three
years set out in the Principal Agreement.

27 The law on _lis alibi pendens_ is settled and has been authoritatively set
out by the Court of Appeal in _Yusen Air & Sea Services (S) Pte Ltd v KLM
Royal Dutch Airlines_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 955 (“ _Yusen v KLM”)_. Virsagi conceded
that the first element, _ie_ that the parties before the courts of Singapore
and Bangladesh are the same, was satisfied. As noted above (at [23]),
Virsagi’s main contention was that the facts and issues in the two sets of
proceedings were different. I was of the view that this was not so. In
Singapore, Virsagi sued in Suit 63 Welltech in tort for inducing a breach of
contract or unlawful interference with a contract (_ie_ the Gazipur
Agreement), and Virsagi sued Badal in Suit 64 for breaching that same contract
and for an injunction ordering Badal to perform that contract. Before the
Dhaka High Court, Virsagi claimed the same relief against the same
“defendants”. The common issues before the Singapore court and the Dhaka High
Court are – (i) is Virsagi entitled to insist that Badal/Gazipur continue with
the Gazipur Agreement when the Principal Agreement has been validly terminated
and (ii) in these circumstances, whether Welltech and Badal/Gazipur could
carry on OTC business in Dhaka without involving Virsagi. The remedy sought
was the same. Moreover, the issues arose from the same factual matrix. Had the
issue of _lis alibi pendens_ been the only issue before me, I would have been
prepared to grant a stay of Suit 63 and Suit 64 on the facts as they appeared
at this stage.

Forum Non Conveniens

28 Even if the _lis alibi pendens_ ground had not been made out, Welltech and
Gazipur made compelling arguments for a stay of proceedings on the basis of
_forum non conveniens_. Again the law in this regard is settled: see _Koh Kay
Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148, _Yusen v KLM_ and
_Rickshaw Investments Ltd & Anor v Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
377 and the application of the well-accepted _Spiliada_ principles in
_Spiliada Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460. These
authoritative precedents direct that I should consider, at the first stage (in
determining whether Singapore is the appropriate forum), factors such as
whether there is another more appropriate forum, the general connecting
factors, the jurisdiction where the tort occurred or where the contract was
made or operates, the choice of law clause, the effect of the concurrent
proceedings in Bangladesh, and in Singapore, the factual disputes that will
arise in these proceedings, the location of witnesses and the location of the
evidence.

29 Welltech submitted that it was the party holding the BCA approval or
licence to run an OTC in Bangladesh. Its agreement with Virsagi (_ie_ the
Principal Agreement) was validly brought to an end. Virsagi had no claim in
contract against Welltech. The Principal Agreement did not provide for the
dissolution of WTPL. From the evidence before me, and as found by the Dhaka
High Court, WTPL was a dormant company as the parties chose to deal with the
money payments independent of WTPL. WTPL was a company incorporated in
Bangladesh.

30 Virsagi’s claim against Welltech lay in the tort of inducing a breach of
the Gazipur Agreement or unlawful interference with the Gazipur Agreement and
it is to that agreement that I now turn.

31 The subject matter of the Gazipur Agreement was expressed at Clause 3 to be
the establishment of a BCA-approved OTC in Dhaka and facilities for the
training and testing of workers and the mobilisation of workers to Singapore.
A “BCA-approved OTC in Dhaka” was therefore, in my view, a crucial
foundational element. Without a BCA-approved OTC and a BCA licence holder,
there would have been no point testing workers as none of those tests would
have been recognised in Singapore nor would they have aided or enabled such
workers to come to Singapore. Virsagi and Gazipur together could not establish
a BCA-approved OTC. They needed Welltech or someone like Welltech to
participate and offer a BCA licence. Under the Gazipur Agreement, Virsagi no
longer had a “nominee” (see Clause 1(c)) or a “Second Party principal” (see
Clause 12). There were other provisions within the Gazipur Agreement that
could no longer operate and were rendered meaningless when the Principal
Agreement came to an end. For example, Clause 4(i) of the Gazipur Agreement
provided that Gazipur had to comply fully with all instructions and directions
given by BCA and Welltech. However no instruction or directions would have
been forthcoming on termination of the Principal Agreement. Turning to Clause
5(a) of the Gazipur Agreement, which set out Virsagi’s obligation to respond
to BCA as necessary including attending their meetings in Singapore and
relating information or instructions from the BCA to Gazipur – similarly there
would be no such meetings as Virsagi was not recognised by the BCA. Any tests
carried out by Virsagi and Gazipur without Welltech’s BCA Licence after 31
December 2011 would not be recognised by BCA unless they could secure another
BCA-approved licence holder. Without a BCA-recognised test, no workers would
be mobilised to Singapore.

32 Virsagi submitted that under Clause 12, the Gazipur Agreement was “...non
terminable so long as the Second Party principal continue[d] to possess a
license for the testing or worker.” The “Second Party” referred to in the
Gazipur Agreement was Virsagi but the agreement did not state who the “Second
Party principal” was. In Clause 1 or the “Introduction” clause to the Gazipur
Agreement, as previously noted, Welltech was described as Virsagi’s “nominee”.
Welltech was obviously no longer a “nominee” if indeed it could be so
described in the first place. More importantly, Clause 12 went on to provide
that if the licence obtained by the “Second Parties” (which was again not
defined) “... [was] cancelled for any reason whatsoever, then the agreement
[was] deemed to be cancelled, and its provision rendered null and void.”
Gazipur forcefully argued that the Gazipur agreement came to an end when the
Principal Agreement came to an end. Virsagi strenuously maintained that since
Welltech still held a licence, the Gazipur Agreement was not at an end.

33 With respect, I could not see how it could be contended that the Gazipur
Agreement was still in force, capable of practical implementation and
therefore enforceable. However I note that Clause 16 of the Gazipur Agreement
provided that all matters that pertained to the training of workers in Dhaka,
the operations of WTPL’s OTC, the mobilisation of workers to the centre for
training, or “...matters arising on the Dhaka side...” shall be governed by
the laws of Bangladesh. No evidence was put before me on what the law of
Bangladesh was on the issue of whether the Gazipur Agreement survived
termination. The only assistance that I could glean was that the Dhaka High
Court had, in dismissing Victor’s claim for relief from minority oppression,
specifically ruled that the respondents were at liberty to continue with the
business of running an OTC in accordance with private arrangement between the
parties. That decision has of course been appealed.

34 The second half of the governing law clause in Clause 16 did not apply as
it stated that in “...matters pertaining to the registration of workers for
tests, the rules and directions of BCA and the licence, etc, matters arising
on the Singapore side shall be governed by the laws of Singapore.”

35 Virsagi was in effect asking for a backdoor continuation or enforcement of
the Principal Agreement and for the implication of restraint of trade
covenants in its agreements with Gazipur and Welltech, _viz_ , to ensure that
Welltech could only carry on OTC business in Bangladesh through WTPL with
Gazipur _and_ Virsagi as long as Welltech had the BCA licence. Even if
Welltech was no longer obliged to work with Virsagi, Virsagi was seeking to
ensure that Gazipur was bound not to work with anyone else, including
Welltech, in the OTC business.

36 In addition to these factors and considerations, I took the view that
Bangladesh was the more appropriate forum to determine these disputes:

(a) The Gazipur Agreement was signed in Bangladesh with a Bangldesh national
or resident, Badal or his sole proprietorship, Gazipur. The breach of the
Gazipur Agreement, if any, occurred in Bangladesh. The interference with the
Gazipur Agreement, if any, would operate in Bangladesh. The Gazipur Agreement
was governed by the law of Bangladesh and under its express provision, Gazipur
took full responsibility for WTPL’s OTC as Virsagi would only be working on
the “Singapore side”.

(b) The Gazipur Agreement dealt with operations in relation to recruitment of
workers, accommodation, training, testing, certification and mobilisation of
workers in Bangladesh. All payments collected from the workers and
disbursements or payments were also made in and from Bangladesh and bank
accounts in Bangladesh. The allegations of continuing breaches related to the
training, testing and certification and mobilisation of Bangladesh workers in
Dhaka and the alleged use of WTPL’s OTC to the exclusion of Virsagi.

(c) Any accounts, papers and other documents relating to the dispute are in
Bangladesh.

(d) WTPL was a Bangladeshi corporation and any issues in relation to its
operation or otherwise lie in Bangladesh.

(e) The setting up of WTPL’s OTC, the land on which it sits, the licences
obtained or obtainable, the payments for these items, the payments or
reimbursement for the purchase of training equipment were all made in
Bangladesh and the evidence thereof, including bank accounts and ownership
records for the training equipment, WTPL’s OTC, the building and the land on
which it sits, lies in Bangladesh.

(f) The relevant witnesses involved in this dispute are in Bangladesh given
that the factual background and matters set out at [15] and [19] above deal
with individuals or entities or events that occurred in Bangladesh and the
multiple agreements between Gazipur and other Bangladeshi parties like Rupsha,
Rupsha’s director Mr Jalal Yunos, GN International, Mr Sarker, Badal and
Gazipur.

(g) The defendant in Suit 64, Badal/Gazipur, is resident in Bangladesh.

(h) There are also factual disputes over how Rupsha came to be substituted
with GN International which was in turn substituted with Gazipur. There was
also an alleged supplementary agreement dated 19 August 2009 entered into
between Virsagi and Badal to resolve the issue of admitting two new partners,
Mr Arifur and Mr Monir, the payment to Virsagi for the purchase of the
equipment for WTPL’s OTC and Badal’s alleged ownership of the land, WTPL’s OTC
building and the equipment therein. Badal’s alleged ownership of the land,
WTPL’s OTC building and the equipment is a disputed issue between Virsagi and
Badal/Gazipur, and the evidence and witnesses relevant to this dispute are in
Bangladesh.

(i) There are further factual disputes over the alleged buy-out of Victor,
whether there was a concluded agreement to do so and whether Victor could
allegedly and unilaterally terminate that agreement as well as the alleged
ties between Badal/Gazipur with Mr Taneem Hassan who was also allegedly
running another overseas training centre in Dhaka in competition with Virsagi.
Evidence in relation to this dispute also lies in Bangladesh.

(j) There is already an action in Dhaka in relation to WTPL and its
shareholders which is now on appeal. That action was initiated by Virsagi
before these proceedings in Singapore. In addition, Virsagi’s claims of delays
in the judicial process in Bangladesh have not been borne out,

(k) As noted above, Virsagi originally obtained an injunction in Dhaka to
restrain Welltech and Badal/Gazipur from testing workers in Bangladesh or
through any company other than WTPL set up pursuant to the Principal Agreement
but this injunction was stayed on 15 January 2012. I note that Virsagi then
commenced Suit 64 on 26 January 2012 and filed Summons 869 on 23 February 2012
for an injunction to oblige Badal/Gazipur to comply with the Gazipur Agreement
whereas the injunction in Dhaka CM 8/2012 was for an order that the testing of
workers was to be carried out by WTPL;

(l) Badal/Gazipur alleged that Virsagi was behind the issue of an order by the
Ministry of Labour and Manpower, Bangladesh on 11 April 2012 temporarily
suspending the permission given to Badal/Gazipur to operate WTPL’s OTC without
prior notice to the latter. Badal/Gazipur have taken out separate judicial
review proceedings on 15 April 2012 and the Dhaka High Court has issued a rule
nisi calling on the Ministry of Labour and Manpower to show cause for its
unilateral suspension and has in the meantime issued a stay of the suspension.
That action is on-going.

(m) Whether the Gazipur Agreement has been unlawfully interfered with by
Welltech, and issues on the construction of clauses like the non-termination
clause (_ie_ Clause 12) and whether it could be construed in the context of
the other agreements, like the Principal Agreement, is likely to depend on a
resolution of the above factual disputes and the law of Bangladesh.

37 I also note that Virsagi obtained leave to serve the Writ of Summons and
Statement of Claim in Suit 64 under O11 r 1(b), (d)(iii) and (e) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“ROC”) in Summons No 488 of 2012
(“Summons 488”). O 11 r 1(b) caters for the situation where an injunction is
sought ordering the defendant, _ie_ , Badal/Gazipur, to do or refrain from
doing anything _in Singapore_. I cannot see what Virsagi is seeking to
restrain Badal/Gazipur from doing in Singapore as what Badal/Gazipur have to
do under the agreements would be carried out in Bangladesh. As for O 11 r
1(d)(iii), I have already noted that the law of Bangladesh governs the
disputes and issues that arise in Suit 63 and Suit 64. As for O 11 r 1(e), I
also could not see what breach had been committed by Badal/Gazipur in
Singapore nor did I see a breach that occurred in Bangladesh that rendered the
performance of so much of the Gazipur Agreement that ought to have been
performed in Singapore impossible.

38 Virsagi have not put forward any good reasons to invoke the second stage of
the _Spiliada_ principles and have failed to persuade me that a stay should
not be ordered.

Injunctive Relief

39 As noted earlier (at [37]), in Summons 488 and the accompanying affidavit
filed on 1 February 2012, Virsagi sought to serve the Writ of Summons and
Statement of Claim in Suit 64 on Gazipur in Bangladesh, relying on, _inter
alia_ , O 11 r 1(b) of the ROC. Order 11 r 1(b) provides as follows:

... service of an originating process out of Singapore is permissible with the
leave of the Court if in the action –

(b) an injunction is sought ordering the defendant to do or refrain from doing
anything in Singapore (whether or not damages are also claimed in respect of a
failure to do or the doing of that thing);

40 In _Karaha_ _Bodas Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and another
appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“ _Karaha Bodas”_), the Court of Appeal adopted
the reasoning in _Siskina v Distos Compania Naviera SA_ [1979] AC 210 (“ _The
Siskina”_) and _Mercedes Benz AG v Leiduck_ [1996] AC 284 that a plaintiff
could not obtain a Mareva injunction which was essentially ancillary to
proceedings that were pending in a foreign court where the defendant was not
subject to the _in personam_ jurisdiction of the local court. At [37] of
_Karaha Bodas_ , the Court of Appeal cited Lord Diplock’s comments in _The
Siskina_ at 256 with regard to O 11 r 1(1)(i) of the English Rules of the
Supreme Court (c 54) (UK) (“English RSC”) (which is _in pari_ _materia_ to our
O 11 r 1(b)):

... Lord Diplock [in _the Siskina_] commenting on O 11 r 1(1)(i) of the
English RSC stated ([9]  _supra_ at 256):

The words used in sub-rule (i) are terms of legal art. The sub-rule speaks of
"the action" in which a particular kind of relief, "an injunction" is sought.
This pre-supposes the existence of a cause of action on which to found "the
action." A right to obtain an interlocutory injunction is not a cause of
action. It cannot stand on its own. It is  _dependent upon there being a pre-
existing cause of action_ against the defendant  _arising out of an invasion_
, actual or threatened by him,  _of a legal or equitable right of the
plaintiff_ for the enforcement of which the defendant is amenable to the
jurisdiction of the court.  _The right to obtain an interlocutory injunction
is merely ancillary and incidental to the pre-existing cause of action_. It is
granted to preserve the status quo pending the ascertainment by the court of
the rights of the parties and the grant to the plaintiff of the relief to
which his cause of action entitles him, which may or may not include a final
injunction. ... [T]he thing that it is sought to restrain the foreign
defendant from doing in England must amount to the invasion of some legal or
equitable right _belonging to the plaintiff in this country and enforceable
here_ by a final judgment for an injunction.

[emphasis in original]

41 Therefore, an injunction can only be obtained if there is a dispute being
substantially litigated in Singapore in which some legal or equitable right of
the plaintiff is infringed and which can be protected and enforced in
Singapore by a final judgment in Singapore. Although the principle in _The
Siskina_ applies to Mareva injunctions which are sought against assets of a
defendant in Singapore, I find that it applies with even greater force to a
mandatory injunction which essentially compels specific performance by the
defendant of an agreement in a foreign jurisdiction. Against the backdrop of
this analysis, many of the factors cited above from [23] to [38] militate
against a finding that Virsagi satisfies the test for a grant of the
injunctions prayed for. For the same reasons I have set out above, I do not
think there is a serious question to be tried. Applying Singapore Law
Virsagi’s claims against Welltech and Gazipur are seriously flawed. The
disputes between Virsagi and Gazipur can only be properly determined by
Bangladeshi law and no evidence of that was put before me. The resolution of
the issues outlined above as to breach, inducement of breach of contract and
unlawful interference with that contract, cannot be answered without evidence
of Bangladeshi law. The remedies and relief claimed by Virsagi also depend on
Bangladeshi law. The balance of convenience weighs against Virsagi and so does
the element of the adequacy of damages as far as Welltech is concerned as
Virsagi have not put any evidence to the contrary before me. Further,
Badal/Gazipur have no assets or business in Singapore – they are even further
removed than the defendant in _Karaha Bodas_ , which was a Hong Kong entity
with no presence in Singapore but with assets in Singapore which could form
the subject of a Mareva injunction.

42 I also note that the injunction claimed against Badal/Gazipur did not
include Welltech but in Dhaka CM 8/2012, Victor applied for an injunction to
compel Badal/Gazipur and Welltech to carry on testing and registering of
workers through WTPL and to ensure all payments made and received are carried
out through WTPL. Further, if Badal/Gazipur ’s allegations are right (_ie_ ,
that the land, WTPL’s OTC and building and the equipment were all paid for by
them), then Virsagi’s right to injunctive relief is very weak.

43 As a final note, even assuming that the defendant falls within the _in
personam_ jurisdiction of the court, I observe that Virsagi is in Summons 869
essentially praying for a mandatory injunction for specific performance of the
Gazipur Agreement. For a mandatory injunction, the court must be satisfied not
only as to the conditions in _American Cynamid Co v Ethicon Ltd_ [1975] AC
396, but there is a further threshold that if the injunction is not granted,
the plaintiff would suffer “irremediable prejudice” that cannot be put right
by damages (_Rikvin Consultancy Pte Ltd v Pardeep Singh Boparai and another_
[2010] SGHC 191). It is difficult to see how Virsagi would suffer irremediable
prejudice if Badal/Gazipur were not forced to specifically perform the Gazipur
Agreement.

Conclusion

44 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed Virsagi’s application for a
mandatory injunction against Gazipur and granted a stay on the ground of _lis
alibi pendens_ and _forum non conveniens_ on the applications of Welltech in
Suit 63 and Gazipur in Suit 64 and hold that the proper forum to deal with the
issues between the parties is Bangladesh.

45 I awarded costs fixed at $8,000 all in to Badal/Gazipur for Summons 869 and
Summons 895 and $4,000 all in to Welltech for Summons 829.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

