Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  FLJ Property Pte Ltd _v_ Heritage Hotel Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 13

Case Number| :| OS 794 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cheah Kok Lim (Cheah Associates LLC) for the plaintiff;
Lim Khoon (Lim Hua Yong LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  FLJ Property Pte Ltd — Heritage Hotel Pte Ltd  
  
18 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

1 The defendant is the lessee and the vendor of adjoining Housing Development
Board (“HDB”) shop houses known as 91/A, 93/A, and 95/A Owen Road Singapore
218903 (the “Property”). The plaintiff is the purchaser of the Property. This
originating summons was brought by the plaintiff to enforce the sale of the
Property in response to the defendant’s purported rescission of the sale
agreement in reliance on a clause in the Option to Purchase.

2 At the conclusion of the hearing of this application, I declared that the
defendant’s notice of rescission was invalid and that the sale agreement
subsisted. Accordingly, I made an order for specific performance of the said
agreement. The plaintiff was also awarded its costs for this application. The
defendant has appealed against my decision.

Background facts

3 The defendant was the lessee of the HDB and the vendor of the Property while
the plaintiff was the purchaser of the Property, which was used as a coffee
shop.

4 The reversion of the lease of the Property was previously held by the
Singapore Improvement Trust. It is now vested in the HDB.

5 The lease of the Property has been varied and supplemented by Deeds of
Variation. Clause 1(v) of the lease was replaced by Clause 1 of a Deed of
Variation, which provided as follows:[note: 1]

(a) not to mortgage, lease, let, licence, sublet the said land in whole or in
part or do anything in the like manner without first obtaining the consent of
the Board in writing and which consent the Board may give on any terms and
conditions as it in its entire and unfettered discretion deems fit and which
terms and conditions shall include the levy of a fee

(b) **_Not to_** demise, transfer, assign or **_part with the possession of
the said land or any part thereof whatsoever manner_** and not to effect any
form of reconstruction however brought about including any form of
amalgamation or merger with or takeover by another company, firm or body or
party, **_without first obtaining the consent of the Board in writing and such
consent shall be given on such terms and conditions as the Board may in its
entire and unfettered discretion deem fit to impose and shall include the
payment of a fee amounting to 10% of_**

(i) **_the market value of the said land at the time of application of such
consent_** **__and__**

(ii) **_the costs of the buildings erected on the said land_**

PROVIDED THAT the ‘costs of the buildings erected on the said land’ shall
mean: -

either the construction costs of the buildings where the original Lessee who
has executed the lease with the Board is applying for such consent

or the market value of the buildings as at the time of the last transaction
whether a demise, transfer, assignment or parting with the possession of the
land or such reconstruction whichever is applicable, where any Lessee, other
than the original Lessee is applying for such consent.

The existing market value of the said land and buildings or costs of
construction of the building shall be determined by the Board alone and the
Board’s assessment shall be final and accepted and not be subject or open to
review by the Lessee”.

[emphasis added]

6 The defendant granted an Option to Purchase in respect of the Property on
18th March 2011 to Fairlady Jewellers Private Limited (“Fairlady”) and/or its
nominees for $3,330,000.[note: 2] In return for this Option to Purchase,
Fairlady paid the defendant $33,300.

7 Fairlady was a shareholder of the plaintiff, holding 55% of its share. The
plaintiff was the Fairlady’s nominated purchaser of the Property.

8 In a letter dated 11 April 2011, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff
requesting various amendments to the Option to Purchase, in response to the
plaintiff’s proposed amendments to the same. In particular, the defendant
proposed the addition of two clauses (“clauses 17 and 18”) to the Conditions
of Sale found in the Option to Purchase.[note: 3] The clauses provide as
follows:

_Clause 17:_

(i) The Property is sold subject to the written approval of the Housing
Development Board (‘HDB’)

(ii) The Purchaser shall apply for HDB’s approval to the sale and purchase of
the Property and shall expeditiously complete execute and submit all forms and
documents as required by HDB and the Purchaser shall pay for the
administrative fees chargeable.

(iii) The Vendor will provide the Purchaser with such assistance as HDB may
require of the Vendor from time to time, including the completion, execution
and submission of all requisite forms and documents to HDB.

(iv) The Purchaser shall perform all the conditions imposed by HDB to be
performed by the Purchaser as conditions precedent for the approval and shall
bear all costs whatsoever imposed by HDB or otherwise for the said approval
and for the performance of the said conditions imposed by HDB, if any.

**_(v) The Vendor shall perform all the conditions imposed by HDB to be
performed by the Vendor as conditions precedent for the approval and shall
bear all costs whatsoever imposed by HDB or otherwise for the said approval
and for the performance of the said conditions imposed by HDB, if any._**

(vi) The imposition of terms and conditions by HDB including the payment of
annual rent and other terms of HDB’s Lease in respect of the Property shall
not be a ground which will entitle the Purchaser to refuse to complete the
sale and purchase herein.

...

_Clause 18:_

**_Where the Vendor is unable or unwilling, because of difficulty, delay or
expense or for other reasonable cause to comply with any term of HDB to be
performed by the Vendor for the sale of the Property, the sale and purchase
herein, may be rescinded at the Vendor’s option by written notice of the
Purchaser on or before the scheduled date of completion as provided in Clause
11 of the Option or the extended completion date, as the case may be. On
rescission pursuant to this clause the Purchaser shall forthwith return to the
Vendor all documents of title and shall withdraw any caveats lodged by the
Purchaser or the Purchaser’s chargee or mortgagee as the case may be and the
Vendor shall refund to the Purchaser all monies paid by the Purchaser under
this Option without any interest or compensation whatsoever and thereupon
neither party shall have any claim or demand against the other for costs,
damages, compensation or otherwise._**

9 The plaintiff exercised the Option to Purchase on 11 April 2011 by paying
the balance of the deposit of 9% of the purchase price and delivering the duly
signed acceptance copy to the defendant. Although the plaintiff had earlier
taken the position that clauses 17 and 18 were not incorporated into the
Option to Purchase, before me, the parties agreed that the said clauses were
part of the Option to Purchase.

10 The HDB wrote to the defendant on 14 June 2011 stating that it had no
objection to the assignment of the lease by the defendant to Fairlady subject
to the payment of an assignment fee of $128,935 (inclusive of 7% GST) to the
HDB, clearance of use of the premises by the relevant authorities and the
submission of a stamped copy of the transfer instrument for HDB’s
records.[note: 4] The defendant replied to the HDB on 15 June 2011 clarifying
that the lease was to be assigned to the plaintiff and not to Fairlady.[note:
5]

11 In further correspondence in June 2011, the defendant informed the HDB that
it was “surprised by the amount of assignment fee of $128,935 (inclusive of
GST) levied” and asked the HDB to elaborate on the breakdown of the amount.
HDB replied that “the assignment fee imposed is according to HDB’s prevailing
policy for assignments of leases” and explained that the assignment fee “is
based on 10% of the proposed sale price of $3,330,000 less the total original
purchase price of $600,000 and $1,525,000 of the three properties”. The
defendant replied stating that it was “surprised that the assignment fee
levied by HDB was a hefty 10%” and objected “strongly” to the imposition of
the assignment fee. HDB replied to explain that “the leases for the properties
allow the lessor to impose an assignment fee equivalent to 10% of the market
value of the land and buildings at the time of application”.

12 Thereafter on 1 July 2011, the defendant wrote to the plaintiff to defer
completion.[note: 6] Following this was the defendant’s letter of 15 July 2011
to the plaintiff stating that it was “unable or unwilling because of
difficulty or expense to comply with the payment of the assignment fee of
$128,935 imposed by HDB for the sale of the Property” and that it wished to
exercise its rights under clause 18 to rescind the Option to Purchase.[note:
7] The defendant’s intention to rescind on this ground was reiterated in
another letter dated 19 July 2011 to the plaintiff.[note: 8]

13 The plaintiff, in its letter dated 21 July 2011, rejected the defendant’s
purported rescission of the Option to Purchase. The rejection was reiterated
by the plaintiff in another letter dated 1 August 2011. With a view to
completion, the plaintiff thereafter proceeded to forward a draft transfer
document, among other things, in a letter dated 10 August 2011 to the
defendant.[note: 9]

14 In a letter dated 16 August 2011, the defendant refused to proceed to
completion and repeated that the Option to Purchase had been duly rescinded in
accordance with clause 18. The next day, the plaintiff wrote to dispute the
defendant’s right to rescind the agreement and insisted that the parties
proceed to complete the sale.

The plaintiff’s case

15 The substance of the plaintiff’s arguments was that upon construing clauses
17 and 18 and considering the conduct of the defendant and the circumstances,
the defendant was not entitled to rescind the sale and that it was acting
unreasonably in doing so.

16 The plaintiff argued that the assignment fee was payable by the defendant
as it fell within clause 17(v). Moreover, as lessee of the Property, the
defendant would have been privy to the terms of the lease which expressly
provided for such fee to be payable and the defendant could not therefore
argue that it was unaware of such a condition. Clause 18 could not be
interpreted to cover the assignment fee imposed as it was something already
known to the defendant.

17 The plaintiff further argued that the assignment fee was not hefty and
there was no evidence to show the defendant’s inability to pay the fee. It
argued that the sale price of $3,330,000 would be sufficient to pay the fee
and that the defendant would have taken the assignment fee into consideration
in its calculation of the sale price.

18 The plaintiff also submitted that the assignment fee was not an
unreasonable expense entitling the defendant to rescind the agreement because
such expense was not one newly imposed by the HDB nor was it arbitrarily
derived. It was something already known to the defendant. The plaintiff also
referred to the HDB’s website on industrial properties where it was stated
under “Assigning Your Premises”:

Fees

For leases on premium scheme, an assignment fee would be payable by the
existing lessee (Assignor) which is computed as follows:

10% (Sale price – last purchase price).

19 Additionally, the plaintiff argued that there had to be objective
circumstances causing the difficulty, delay or expense resulting in the
defendant’s inability or unwillingness to comply with HDB’s conditions. It
argued that the defendant could not unilaterally rescind the agreement
pursuant to clause 18 merely because it was taken by surprise by the
assignment fee and did not factor this into the sale price. It based this
argument on _Chay_ _Chong_ _Hwa v Seah Mary_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 505 (“ _Chay_
_Chong_ _Hwa”_) and _Peh_ _Kwee Yong v Sinar Co (Pte) Ltd_ [1987] SLR(R) 405
(“ _Peh_ _Kwee Yong_ ”) where the court noted that rescission could not be
simply contingent on the defendant’s subjective decision.

20 Accordingly, the plaintiff sought the following declarations and orders:

(a) That the notice given by letters dated 15 and 19 July 2011 from the
defendant purporting to rescind the sale contract of the Property in
accordance with clause 18 on the ground that the defendant is unable or
unwilling because of difficulty or expense to pay the HDB the assignment fee
$128,935, be declared invalid;

(b) That the sale agreement be declared as still subsisting and binding on the
parties;

(c) That the defendant pay the assignment fee of $128,935 to the HDB and late
completion interest to the plaintiff, with such interest deducted from the
proceeds of sale;

(d) That the defendant specifically perform the Option to Purchase within 21
days of the court order;

(e) That costs be fixed or taxed and to be paid by the defendant to the
plaintiff.

The defendant’s case

21 In response, the defendant sought to dismiss the plaintiff’s application by
arguing that it was entitled, on the basis of clause 18, to exercise its right
to rescind the sale agreement. It made the following arguments in support of
its case.

22 Firstly, it argued that not only was it unaware that HDB’s consent for the
sale was required, it was also unaware that HDB would impose payment of an
assignment fee as a condition precedent to HDB’s consent. It submitted that
the provisions for the assignment fee were found only in the “obscure” and
“dated” Deeds of Variation of lease made between HDB and the previous lessees
in the early 1980s which the defendant did not have in its possession. The
defendant therefore could not be deemed to have the requisite knowledge.

23 Secondly, the defendant argued that in any case, the “hefty” assignment fee
imposed by HDB amounting to almost 4% of the sale price provided grounds for
rescission of the sale in accordance with clauses 17 and 18 as it was “unable
or unwilling” to pay the assignment fee because of “difficulty or expense”.
Indeed, it argued, it was precisely to provide for such an eventuality that
clause 18 was added into the Option to Purchase.

24 Thirdly, the defendant argued that in interpreting the clauses, its
obligations under clause 17(v)[note: 10] must be read subject to and be
qualified by clause 18 or clause 18 would be superfluous. The defendant relied
on the canons of construction calling for all parts of a contract to be given
effect to and that where a latter clause qualifies an earlier clause in the
contract, both should be read together.

25 Therefore, the defendant submitted that since clause 18 did not require
reasons to be given for the defendant’s inability or unwillingness to comply
with HDB’s condition of the payment of the assignment fee, the defendant was
entitled to deliver a written notice in accordance with that clause to rescind
the sale agreement.

The decision of the court

26 It was not disputed by both parties that clauses 17 and 18 of the Option to
Purchase ought to be read together. However they could not agree on what the
outcome ought to be upon such construction. The main contention was whether
clause 18 entitled the defendant to rescind the sale agreement despite its
assumption of the obligation in Clause 17(v) that the vendor “shall perform
all the conditions imposed by HDB to be performed by the Vendor as conditions
precedent for the approval and shall bear all costs whatsoever imposed by HDB
or otherwise for the said approval and for the performance of the said
conditions imposed by HDB, if any”.

27 Clause 17 of the Option to Purchase (see [8] above) sets out clearly the
respective obligations of the defendant/vendor and the plaintiff/purchaser in
obtaining HDB’s approval for the sale and purchase of the Property under the
lease. In particular, clause 17(v) sets out the defendant’s obligation to
perform all conditions set by HDB in order to obtain its approval for the sale
of the Property under the lease and to bear all costs in relation to the
performance of these conditions.

28 One of these conditions was the payment of an assignment fee of $128,935
(inclusive of 7% GST) to the HDB (see [10]). A perusal of the lease documents
would have revealed this. Clause 1 of the Deeds of Variation varying the terms
of the lease clearly provided for the payment of a fee amounting to 10% of the
market value of the land which was the subject of the sale and the costs of
buildings erected on the land (see [5]). It was clear therefore that both the
liability for the assignment fee and the method of quantification of the fee
had been expressly set out. As the lessee of the Property, the defendant must
be taken to have read the lease and to be aware of the express terms found in
the lease documents.

29 The defendant could not argue that it was unaware of the terms in the lease
documents simply because the Deeds of Variation were dated and obscure
documents that were not in the defendant’s possession. It ought to have asked
for them when it bought over the Property. Alternatively, if it had lost the
documents, that was something that should have been put right by itself before
it decided to sell the Property. The Deeds of Variation could have been easily
obtained from the Singapore Land Authority.[note: 11] As lessee of the
Property and now the vendor of it, the defendant must be deemed to know the
contents of those documents. Further, the defendant had the benefit of legal
advice throughout the sale transaction. Also, as rightly pointed out by the
plaintiff,[note: 12] the HDB’s website (see [18] above), which is readily
accessible, sets out a lessee’s liability to pay an assignment fee to the HDB
as a condition for assigning a lease together with HDB’s formula for computing
the said fee.[note: 13]

30 In the circumstances here, clause 18 of the Option to Purchase could not be
read as qualifying the express requirement in clause 17(v) regarding the
payment of the assignment fee where the liability to pay such and the method
of ascertaining the amount to pay were spelt out. Clause 17(v) must, on the
facts here, be confined to such conditions or such amounts of fee that were
unknown to the defendant at the time it gave the Option to Purchase. It seems
contrary to commercial logic that a party who knows or is deemed to know his
liability to pay a fee and the amount thereof could in the same breath claim
that the liability and the amount are too onerous such that it could then back
out of the agreement.

31 Additionally, I found the authorities cited by the plaintiff to be of
assistance regarding the court’s approach to clauses similar in substance to
clause 18. This was set out by the Court of Appeal in _Peh Kwee Yong_ (at
[25]), where L P Thean J (as he then was) stated that even if a contractual
term or condition confers on a party an entitlement to rescind the contract,
the court will still carefully examine the conduct of that party to determine
whether he is entitled to exercise the right of rescission given the
circumstances of the case. In the preceding Court of Appeal case of _Chay
Chong Haw_ cited in _Peh Kwee Yong_ , the court held that such a clause did
not confer on the vendor a “wide and unfettered” right to rescind the contract
as such a clause was of a “very drastic nature”. In particular, where the
vendor was guilty of ‘recklessness’ in entering into the contract or if his
unwillingness to comply with conditions was “unreasonable” he would not be
entitled to rescind the contract. As said by the court, a vendor “cannot in
reliance on such condition arbitrarily, capriciously or unreasonably rescind
the contract”.

32 In the present case, Clause 18 clearly contemplates an objective standard
for determining whether the impediment claimed by the defendant is valid. This
can be seen from the words “[w]here the Vendor is unable or unwilling, because
of difficulty, delay or expense _or for other reasonable cause_ to comply with
any term of HDB to be performed by the Vendor for the sale of the Property…”.
The words “difficulty, delay or expense” read in the context of “ _or for
other reasonable cause_ ” mean that they too should be reasonable from an
objective point of view.

33 It appeared that the purported rescission by the defendant of the sale
agreement was essentially prompted by it being caught by surprise by the
$128,935 assignment fee it had to pay the HDB for the transaction, rather than
any real difficulty or significant expense it would have encountered in paying
the fee. Additionally, as discussed in [29] above, the defendant’s conduct in
entering the agreement without ascertaining for itself the terms of the HDB
lease amounted to sheer recklessness. Its unwillingness to comply with the
payment of the assignment fee could not be said on the facts here to be
reasonable.

34 In any case, the quantum of the assignment fee that the HDB imposed on the
defendant, namely $128,935, appeared to be considerably lower than what could
have been imposed under the Deed of Variation. The HDB calculated the
assignment fee as 10% of the sale price of the Property of $3,330,000 less the
total original purchase prices of $600,000 and $1,525,000, inclusive of 7%
GST, to arrive at $128,935.[note: 14] In doing so, the HDB appeared to have
used the formula stated in its website (see [18] above), _i.e._ 10% (Sale
price – last purchase price). Under the formula stipulated in the Deed of
Variation (see [5] above), the HDB could have imposed a fee of 10% of the
current market value of $3,330,000 (which is the agreed sale price between the
parties), amounting to $333,000. With 7% GST, the total amount would be
$356,310. The defendant was therefore effectively given a discount of more
than $227,000 by the HDB in the assignment fee payable.

35 Therefore, considering all the circumstances of the case, I was of the view
that the defendant lessee was not entitled to rely on clause 18 to rescind the
sale agreement. Consequently I declared invalid the notice given in the
defendant’s letters dated 15th and 19th July 2011 that it was unable or
unwilling because of difficulty or expense to comply with the payment of the
assignment fee imposed by the HDB for the sale of the Property and further
declared that the sale agreement still subsisted and bound the parties. I
further ordered the defendant to pay the assignment fee of $128,935 imposed by
the HDB and to specifically perform the Option to Purchase within 30 days of
my order (instead of the 21 days prayed for) or such extended period as may be
agreed between the parties.

36 On the issue of costs, the plaintiff’s counsel informed me that an Offer to
Settle on the terms of this originating summons with late completion interest
and costs waived was served on the defendant’s counsel on 31 Oct 2011, some
three weeks before the hearing. The plaintiff’s counsel suggested that costs
be fixed at $6,000 plus reasonable disbursements. The defendant’s counsel was
content to leave the question of costs to the court. I ordered the defendant
to pay the plaintiff costs fixed at $6,000 plus reasonable disbursements
(subsequently agreed at $1,724.80).

* * *

[note: 1]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 78, 97, 125

[note: 2]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 23- 29

[note: 3]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 50-51

[note: 4]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 53

[note: 5]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 54

[note: 6]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 55

[note: 7]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 56

[note: 8]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 57

[note: 9]Tan Sin Khoon’s 1st Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-1, p 58

[note: 10]The defendant erroneously referred to this clause as clause 17(iv)
in its submissions. It ought to be clause 17(v).

[note: 11]Defendant’s submissions paragraph 20

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s submissions paragraph 4.1.4

[note: 13]Tan Sin Khoon’s 2nd Affidavit: Exhibit TSK-2, p 15

[note: 14]Lau Gek Chuan’s Affidavit: Exhibit LGC-1, p 26

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

