Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Ashlock William Grover _v_ SetClear Pte Ltd and others  
[2012] SGCA 20

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 66 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Tan Lee Meng J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kelvin Tan and Natasha Sulaiman (Drew and Napier LLC) for
the appellant; Alvin Yeo SC, Sim Bock Eng and Lee Ee Yang (WongPartnership
LLP) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Ashlock William Grover — SetClear Pte Ltd and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 130.]

19 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in Originating Summons No 118 of 2011 (“the Singapore Action”): see
_SetClear Pte Ltd and others v Ashlock William Grover_ [2011] SGHC 130 (“the
GD”) where he ruled in favour of the plaintiffs on the construction of an
agreement and in consequence thereof he issued an anti-suit injunction against
the defendant. In the Singapore Action, William Grover Ashlock (“the
Appellant”) was the defendant while SetClear Pte Ltd, CLSA Limited, SetClear
Inc, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc (Formerly known as Caylon Securities
(USA) Inc) and IX Net Holding Limited (individually the “1st Respondent”, “2nd
Respondent”, “3rd Respondent”, “4th Respondent” and the “5th Respondent”
respectively, and collectively “the Respondents”) were the plaintiffs.

2 The appeal was heard on 24 October 2011. After hearing submissions of the
parties, we dismissed the appeal with costs. We now give the grounds for our
decision.

The background to the dispute

3 In August 2005, the Appellant, together with one Jonathan Slone (“Slone”),
were the co-founders of a start-up business operated in New York by the 5th
Respondent. Although Slone and the Appellant each initially held 50% of the
equity shares in the 5th Respondent, their equity shareholding was, for
reasons which were immaterial to this appeal, subsequently diluted and agreed
to be not less than 4% each (“the Founder’s Equity” or, interchangeably, “the
founder benefits”).[note: 1] The 2nd Respondent subsequently invested in the
5th Respondent’s business on terms that Slone would be in the 2nd Respondent’s
employment while at the same time retaining his equity shares in the 5th
Respondent.

4 In March 2006, the Appellant was designated as Chief Operating Officer of
the 5th Respondent and concurrently seconded to the 4th Respondent in New
York.[note: 2] In a letter from the 1st Respondent dated 10 May 2007, the
Appellant was offered to come under the employment of the 1st
Respondent.[note: 3] The Appellant accepted the offer, as a result of which
the Appellant re-located to Singapore but continued to shuttle between
Singapore and New York from time to time. One of the provisions in the said
letter stated:

Founder Status: |  In light of your [_ie_ , the Appellant’s] effort and contribution to the initial set up and establishment of the [1st Respondent], you will be recognised as one of its founders and be eligible for consideration for additional “founder” benefits, if any, subject to negotiation with Bloomberg Tradebook. and on terms to be mutually agreed between you and the [1st Respondent].  
---|---  
  
  

5 In his first affidavit filed in the Singapore Action, the Appellant averred
that the provision for “Founder Status” in the letter served to reiterate his
original entitlement to the Founder’s Equity.[note: 4] The Respondents,
however, claimed that no agreement was reached or even alleged to be reached
between the Appellant and the 1st Respondent as to the founder benefits.[note:
5]

6 In or around late June 2008, the Appellant was put on a few weeks’ “leave”
after a disagreement arose between him and Slone on certain plans regarding
the 1st Respondent’s business. On 17 July 2008, while the Appellant was on
“leave”, he was asked to meet one Mr Laurie James Young (“Young”) who was then
Acting on behalf of the 1st Respondent. At the meeting, the Appellant and
Young signed an agreement providing for the cessation of the Appellant’s
employment with the 1st Respondent (“the 17 July 2008 Agreement”).[note: 6]
Clause 14 of the 17 July 2008 Agreement (“cl 14”) provided as follows:

**14\. Final Settlement**

By signing this letter and accepting the abovementioned payments, this
represents full and final settlement of all and any claims against [the 1st
Respondent] and its affiliated companies.

Additionally, it confirms that you [_ie_ , the Appellant] agree not to pursue
any future claim against [the 1st Respondent] and its affiliated companies.

7 Subsequent to the signing of the 17 July 2008 Agreement, the Appellant sent
an email to Young on the same date stating:[note: 7]

Laurie,

I want to go on record with you that it is my understanding that by signing
the resignation agreement today that I am Acting in good faith that a
subsequent agreement will be reached in terms of my resignation with CLSA and
insurance for 2009 as well as my founder status. I signed the agreement
believing that Section 14 does not preclude an agreement or possible Actions
should we not be able to reach an agreement. Please let me know if this
understanding differs from yours.

Regards,

Bill

To which Young replied:[note: 8]

Bill,

Sorry for the delay in responding; I was travelling back to Hong Kong.

I believe our conversations over the last few days have been conducted in a
very constructive and cordial manner. I will continue to search for a mutually
acceptable agreement covering a future relationship with CLSA and medical
coverage in the US

Clause 14 of the separation agreement must stand on its merits Bill as was the
intention of the document you signed.

Have a good weekend Bill; I’ll be in touch with you in the coming weeks.

Laurie

8 The Appellant subsequently reaffirmed the terms and conditions set out in
the 17 July 2008 Agreement by signing two letters (dated 9 October 2008 and 28
February 2009) sent by the 1st Respondent.[note: 9] The letter dated 9 October
2008 stated:[note: 10]

Dear Bill,

Further to our letter dated 17 July 2008, I am writing to confirm the
following:

•You will remain on the SetClear Pte. Ltd. payroll through until 30 June 2009;

•The Company will continue to reimburse you the cost of maintaining your Cobra
medical insurance up to and including 30 June 2009 as per Cobra Scheme rules.

These additional arrangements are provided to you in good faith by the Company
to assist you as you work through this difficult period.

We are proposing this strictly on condition that you confirm that the terms
and conditions which have been previously agreed by you, per your separation
agreement dated 17 July 2008, remain in full force and effect and are re-
confirmed by you.

Yours sincerely,

[signature]

Toni Carroll

For and on behalf of

SetClear Pte. Ltd.

I hereby agree and accept the terms and conditions as set out above:

[signature]

Name: Mr. Bill Ashlock

Date:

9 The letter dated 28 February 2009 stated:[note: 11]

Dear Bill,

Following your recent conversation with Laurie Young I am writing to confirm
that your final day of employment with SetClear Pte Ltd will be 28 February
2009.

As agreed, your salary and benefits have been calculated and paid up to 31
December 2008 and you have been on unpaid leave up to and including 28
February 2009.

All other terms agreed with you and confirmed in our letters dated 17 July
2008 and 9 October 2008 remain unchanged.

Yours sincerely,

[signature]

Toni Carroll

For and on behalf of

SetClear Pte Ltd

I hereby understand and agree to the terms and conditions that are set out
above.

Signed: [signature] Date: 28/02/09

Bill Ashlock

10 On 20 January 2010, the Appellant commenced proceedings (“the American
Action”) against the Respondents and Slone in the United States District
Court, Southern District of New York (“the New York court”) claiming
“violations of New York State Labor Laws, breach of contract, breach of the
implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, quantum
meruit, breach of fiduciary duty, promissory estoppel, constructive trust, and
for an Accounting”.[note: 12] Essentially, the American Action was brought to
seek relief in respect of the founder benefits.

11 On 17 February 2011, the Respondents commenced the Singapore Action with
the following prayers:[note: 13]

1.A declaration that the [Appellant] is not entitled, under a severance
agreement dated 17 July 2008 entered into between the [1st Respondent] and the
[Appellant] and reaffirmed by way of two letters from the [1st Respondent] to
the [Appellant] dated 9 October 2008 and 28 February 2009 (collectively the
“Severance Agreement”), to bring any claim against the[1st Respondent and/or
its affiliated companies, including but not limited to the 2nd to 5th
Respondents], in connection with and/or in relation to the [Appellant’s]
employment and/or association with the [1st Respondent] and its affiliated
companies, such claims including but not limited to a claim for “founder”
benefits which the [Appellant] alleges were conferred upon him by the [1st
Respondent] and/or its affiliated companies;

2.A declaration that the [Appellant] breached the Severance Agreement by
commencing and maintaining Civil Action No. 10-CV-0453(GBD) against the
[Respondents] in the United States District Court, Southern District of New
York (“US Proceedings”) in respect of the [Appellant’s] alleged “founder”
benefits;

3.An order that the [Appellant] do pay the [Respondents] damages to be
assessed in respect of all costs, expenses and losses incurred by the
[Respondents] arising out of or in connection with the [Appellant’s] breach of
the Severance Agreement;

4.An order restraining the [Appellant] from continuing the US Proceedings or
commencing any further or other proceedings in the United States of America or
elsewhere against the [Respondents] in respect of his alleged “founder”
benefits;

5.An order that the costs of and incidental to the application be paid by the
[Appellant] to the [Respondents]; and

6.Such further reliefs that [the High Court] deems fit.

12 The Judge who heard the Singapore Action ordered prayers 1, 2 and 4 in
terms and with costs fixed at $15,000 inclusive of disbursements.[note: 14] As
regards prayer 4, the Judge further clarified that “[f]or the avoidance of
doubt, nothing in these orders prohibits the [Appellant] from commencing or
continuing any Action against Jonathan Slone”.[note: 15] As a result of the
Judge’s decision, the Appellant was restrained from continuing the American
Action or commencing any further or other proceedings in the United States of
America or elsewhere against the Respondents in respect of the founder
benefits. Dissatisfied with the Judge’s decision, the Appellant appealed.

The decision below

13 In the GD, the Judge dealt mainly with the issue of whether cl 14 should be
construed to mean that the Appellant had agreed thereunder not to pursue any
claims in the future against the Respondents, including the Appellant’s claim
for the founder benefits in the American Action. The Judge held that the terms
of cl 14 were simple and clear and that under it the parties had effected a
full and final settlement of all claims by the Appellant against the
Respondents. As such, the former was not entitled to commence or continue with
the American Action against the latter (see [36] of the GD). Following from
the construction which the Judge had placed on cl 14, and as the Appellant had
submitted to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts, the Judge held that in
those circumstances an anti-suit injunction should, generally speaking, be
granted to enforce cl 14.

The issues on appeal

14 The Appellant relied on two main grounds in his appeal. First, the
Appellant contended that the Judge erred in his construction of cl 14. In
particular, the Appellant argued that:[note: 16]

Readin the context of the [17 July 2008 Agreement] as a whole, the reference
in clause 14 is obviously only to claims arising from the employment
relationship between the Appellant and the 1st Respondent. Where clause 14 was
intended to benefit more than just the 1st Respondent, this was made clear by
the express reference to the 1st Respondent’s affiliated companies. If it was
intended by the parties that clause 14 should have effect in respect of all
claims, whether arising from the Appellant’s employment relationship or not,
the parties would have so provided in clear terms, as they did in respect of
the parties who are entitled to rely on clause 14.

15 Second, the Appellant argued that given that the ultimate relief sought by
the Respondents in the Singapore Action was Actually an anti-suit injunction,
the Judge was wrong to begin his analysis of the matter with a determination
on the _substantive_ reliefs prayed for by the Respondents in the Singapore
Action (see [11] above). Instead, the Judge in his analysis ought to have
first directed his mind to the private international law principles applicable
in respect of interlocutory anti-suit injunctions in the present case. This,
the Appellant contended, would lead to a result that is different from that
arrived at by the Judge in his decision. He also asserted that besides cl 14,
the Judge should also have considered other relevant factors, _eg_ , the New
York court was the natural forum for the dispute; while the Appellant’s
employment contract provided for jurisdiction before the Singapore courts, it
was expressly stated to be non-exclusive; the 3rd and 4th Respondents had
submitted to the jurisdiction of the New York court; and the delay in the
institution of the Singapore Action and the failure of the Respondents to
apply for a stay of the American Action, was contrary to international comity.

16 In light of the arguments raised by the Appellant, the issues in the appeal
were essentially twofold:

(a) Whether the Judge erred in his construction of cl 14; and

(b) Whether the Judge was wrong to determine the case before him on its merits
first before concluding as a matter of consequence that an anti-suit
injunction was justified.

The decision

Interpretation of cl 14

17 Mr Kelvin Tan (“Mr Tan”), Acting for the Appellant, raised a preliminary
point in his written submissions that cl 14 was not apt for summary
determination. In particular, he contended that cl 14:[note: 17]

... cannot be properly interpreted summarily in an originating summons and
needs to be interpreted at a full trial having regard to the full evidence
surrounding the making of the Agreement and the parties’ conduct. Given that
the Agreement has been long pleaded as a defence in the [American Action], the
interpretation of clause 14 ought to be tried in the [American Action].

18 He further argued that cl 14 was not free of ambiguity such that it was apt
for summary determination in the Singapore Action which was commenced by way
of an originating summons. In that vein, Mr Tan also pointed out that the
preamble of the 17 July 2008 Agreement referred to the cessation of the
Appellant’s employment without any reference to the founder benefits. The
preamble read:[note: 18]

…

Dear Bill,

We write following recent discussions regarding your resignation from
employment with SetClear Pte Ltd …

In consideration of your acceptance of the terms within this letter, _detailed
below are the arrangements for your cessation of employment as mutually
agreed_ :

…

[emphasis added]

19 Mr Tan then drew our attention to the closing words of the 17 July 2008
Agreement which only referred to the termination of the Appellant’s employment
and payments associated thereof, without reference to the founder benefits.
This, he claimed, further demonstrated that the parties in signing the 17 July
2008 Agreement had not intended the scope of cl 14 to be as wide as the
Respondents contended it to be. He underscored the following closing
words:[note: 19]

In acknowledgement of the above _termination and associated payments_ , please
sign the duplicate of this letter and return to me.

…

[emphasis added]

20 Mr Tan also alluded to the factual matrix leading up to, and subsequent to,
the signing of the 17 July 2008 Agreement which he claimed rendered a summary
determination of the construction of cl 14 in the Singapore Action inapt.
Accordingly, he argued that cl 14 ought to be determined at a full trial in
the American Action instead. In his written submissions he stated:[note: 20]

68.In the present case, it is submitted that this Honourable Court should give
due consideration to the matrix of facts leading up to and subsequent to the
signing of the termination agreement.

69.The first set of relevant facts relates to the circumstances in which the
Appellant became involved in the business. In particular, the Appellant had
only agreed to establish the start-up with Slone if he was given equal equity
participation by way of the Founder’s Equity. Subsequently, even when the
Appellant entered into an employment relationship with the 5th Respondent, the
Appellant continued to maintain an equity interest in the business.

70.Despite the Appellant’s subsequent entry into contracts of employment, the
Appellant’s Founder’s Equity remained separate and distinct from his
employment relationships with the 5th Respondent and subsequently the 4th and
1st Respondents.

71.Secondly, it is important to consider the circumstances leading to the 17
July 2008 meeting when the Agreement was entered into. The Appellant was on
“leave” since his disagreement with Slone and received a call from Young, who
works for the Human Resources Department of the 2nd Respondent, requesting for
the meeting. It was only natural for the Appellant to assume that this meeting
concerned his employment with the 1st Respondent. Therefore, the Appellant
signed the Agreement, believing that it was applied to the termination of his
employment, and not his Founder’s Equity.

72.Thirdly, consideration should be given to the fact that the discussions
between the Appellant and Young, during the time of the signing of the
Agreement itself or over the course of the 6-month long e-mail, did not
indicate that the Appellant’s claim for his Founder’s Equity was to be
subsumed within the ambit of clause 14.

…

73.For the above reasons, it is respectfully submitted that there are real and
substantial questions of law and fact in respect of whether clause 14 of the
Agreement provides a defence to the Appellant’s claim or whether the Agreement
only pertains to the Appellant’s employment relationship with the 1st
Respondent.

21 On the other hand, counsel for the Respondents, Mr Alvin Yeo SC, argued
that the Judge was correct in interpreting cl 14 in the way he did and in
holding that it precluded the Appellant from continuing the American Action
and/or commencing any further or other proceedings in the United States of
America or elsewhere against the Respondents. The primary basis for Mr Yeo’s
case for the Respondents lay in the words “full and final settlement of _all
and any claims_ ” and “not to pursue _any future claim_ against SetClear Pte
Ltd and its affiliated companies” [emphasis added] in cl 14 which undoubtedly
indicated that the Appellant’s alleged entitlement to the founder benefits was
within the knowledge of the 1st Respondent[note: 21] when setting out cl 14.
This, among other things, Mr Yeo reasoned, demonstrated that the parties had
unambiguously contemplated and intended cl 14 of to “achieve finality in
settling all claims which the Appellant had or may have against the
Respondents” which would naturally include the Appellant’s claim for the
founder benefits.[note: 22]

22 We do not propose to belabour what is very much a straightforward point.
Contrary to the Appellant’s submission, we agreed with the Respondents that cl
14 was not ambiguous. On a plain reading of cl 14, it could not have been
clearer that it provided for the full and final settlement of all and any of
the Appellant’s claims, future or existing, against the Respondents. This
would include whatever claims the Appellant might have against each of the
Respondents, irrespective of their nature. Another significant factor which
was incompatible with the submission of the Appellant was that if it was
indeed the case that cl 14 was concerned only with his entitlement or benefits
in relation to his employment – and here we would note that his employment was
with the 1st Respondent – why would it also cover “all and any claims” he
might have against the other Respondents?

23 It seemed to us clear that the “matrix of facts” which Mr Tan had sought to
rely in support of the Appellant’s case principally pertained to the
Appellant’s subjective belief as to the Actual ambit of cl 14 (see [20]
above). As rightly pointed out by Mr Yeo, a court in undertaking a contextual
approach in the construction of a contract “does not inquire into the parties’
subjective states of mind but makes an objective judgment based on the
materials already identified”:[note: 23] see _Bank of Credit and Commerce
International SA v Ali and others_ [2002] 1 AC 251 at 258. The “matrix of
facts” brought up by Mr Tan were, therefore, for the most part irrelevant. In
the result, we did not see any merit in the Appellant’s contention that a
summary determination on the ambit of cl 14 in the Singapore Action was inapt.

24 Accordingly, we agreed with the Judge that this was a proper case for
summary determination and that there was really nothing to go for trial. In
passing, we would only add that, while generally subsequent conduct should not
be relied upon to construe a document, in this case the Appellant’s acceptance
of the two letters (see [8]-[9] above) certainly confirmed what, in our view,
was the correct construction of cl 14.

The propriety of the Judge’s approach in deciding the Singapore Action

25 We now turn to consider the second issue. It was true that the Judge first
determined the case before him on its merits before holding that, in
consequence, an anti-suit injunction should be granted. To better appreciate
the approach of the Judge, we set out his reasoning below (see [41]-[42] of
the GD):

41 In the present case, [the Appellant] had agreed under cl 14 not to pursue
any future claim against the [1st Respondent] and its affiliated companies.
This was a consequence of the full and final settlement of all his claims...
Moreover, the cases which [counsel for the Appellant] relied on were cases in
which the court was asked to grant an interlocutory anti-suit injunction to
restrain a party from proceeding with a foreign Action pending the outcome of
the proceedings in the jurisdiction from which the injunction was sought. In
the case before me, the plaintiffs [_ie_ , the Respondents] were not seeking
an interlocutory anti-suit injunction but a permanent one on the premise that
the court would be able to and would make a finding in their favour on the
interpretation of cl 14.

42 I agreed with [counsel for the Respondents] that if I were to interpret cl
14 in the [Respondents’] favour, then an anti-suit injunction ought, generally
speaking, to be granted to enforce my ruling since [the Appellant] had
submitted to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. Indeed he is currently
working in Singapore. The general rule is subject to [the Appellant] showing a
special or exceptional reason why the injunction should not be granted. No
such reason was shown. All [counsel for the Appellant] could say was that the
American Action was at an advanced stage but that was no reason to allow [the
Appellant] to continue with it once a final ruling was given by a competent
court whose jurisdiction he had submitted to. In the light of my ruling on the
interpretation of cl 14, the American Action against the [Respondents] was
both in breach of cl 14 and vexatious and oppressive.

26 Clearly, the Appellant had submitted to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
courts. The Appellant could have, but did not make any application for a stay
of the Singapore Action. Instead, he was content to enter his appearance
unconditionally and defend the Singapore Action in the hearing before the
Judge. Coupled with the fact that the Respondents did not make any application
for an _interlocutory_ anti-suit injunction pending the final determination of
the substantive matters engendered by the Singapore Action, this showed that
the Judge was merely dealing with the Singapore Action as per the manner it
was pleaded and contended by the Respondents.

27 Indeed, there would have been little difficulty for this court to accept
the Appellant’s complaint if the Respondents had Actually applied for an
_interlocutory_ anti-suit injunction while the determination on the merits of
the Singapore Action was still pending. This is illustrated by the Australian
case of _CSR Ltd v Cigna Insurance Australia Ltd_ (1997) 71 ALJR 1143 (HCA) (“
_CSR Ltd v Cigna Insurance Australia Ltd_ ”), where the appellants had sued
their insurers, the respondents, in the United States of America claiming
indemnity in respect of certain third-party asbestos claims brought against
the appellants in the United States of America. In response, the respondents
commenced proceedings in New South Wales against the appellants seeking,
_inter alia_ , (a) negative substantive declarations to the effect that the
respondents were not liable to indemnify the appellants, and (b) permanent
anti-suit injunctions restraining the appellants from taking further steps in
the American proceedings. However, the respondents later sought an
interlocutory anti-suit injunction when the appellants applied for a stay of
the New South Wales proceedings subsequently. It was against such a backdrop
that the High Court of Australia decided the appeal applying the legal
principles governing the grant of interlocutory anti-suit injunctions.
However, in the present case, the Respondents had not applied for an
interlocutory anti-suit injunction pending the determination of the Singapore
Action.

28 In this regard, we would cite the following two passages from Steven Gee
QC, _Commercial Injunctions_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5thEd, 2004) at p 416 to show
that the approach taken by the Judge is correct:

_The English [ie, domestic] court may grant an injunction to prevent a party
bound by the res judicata or issue estoppel effect of an English judgment
relitigating the underlying dispute or issue abroad._ This extends to
litigating abroad matters which could and should have been litigated as part
of the original Action. _Granting an anti-suit injunction for this purpose
both forwards an important English public policy of preventing collateral
attack on a final judgment by a disappointed litigant, and gives effect to a
substantive right not to be sued which has been created by the relevant
judgment. This is very different from an alternative forum case where the
English court has not yet rendered a judgment on the merits._ On the other
hand in _E.D. & F Man (Sugar) Ltd v Haryanto (No. 2)_ the public policy was
not so strong as to justify an injunction against a party relying in any court
worldwide upon a foreign judgment which was inconsistent with an English one.
The granting of a declaration established the position in English law, whereas
a worldwide injunction would have been an illegitimate intrusion on the
processes of courts throughout the world.

The application can be made by application notice issued in the original
proceedings. This is because _the purpose of the anti-suit injunction is in
effect to uphold and enforce the judgment given in the Action. Proceedings to
do this are within the scope of the original Action for which both parties
have submitted to the English jurisdiction_. A Mareva injunction in aid of
execution would be a matter within the scope of the proceedings in which a
final judgment had been obtained and this can be sought by application in
those proceedings. It is not necessary to bring separate proceedings for the
purpose of enforcing the judgment or obtaining relief in aid of execution.
_Likewise where the purpose of the injunction is to prevent litigation abroad
of a point covered by that judgment_.

[emphasis added; footnotes omitted]

29 It is also apposite to note that there is nothing irregular or improper in
the Respondents commencing the Singapore Action seeking (as an alternative
strategy to an outright anti-suit injunction application) a negative
declaration of non-liability which in turn could lead to the grant of an anti-
suit injunction in accordance with the views expressed in the passages quoted
above. In _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore vol_ 6(2) (Butterworths Asia, 2009) at
para 75.140, it is stated:

…

Another alternative strategy is to pre-empt the foreign judgment by obtaining
a judgment (usually a declaration of non-liability) in another forum which
will be recognised under the law of the enforcing forum as creating a _res
judicata_ effect between the parties.

30 In the present case, the Respondents commenced the Singapore Action _after_
the Appellant instituted proceedings in the American Action which was still
pending final determination in the United States (see [10]-[11] above).
Despite this, not only did the Appellant fail to take steps to challenge the
local court’s jurisdiction in the Singapore Action, he had made a conscious
decision to participate in the hearing of the Singapore Action before the
Judge. As observed earlier, the Appellant had chosen to resist the Singapore
Action on the substantive and not the jurisdictional front despite the fact
that he could have pursued the latter course (see [26] above). It was not in
dispute that the Appellant had not taken out any stay of proceedings
application in relation to the Singapore Action.

31 In our judgment, parties to a dispute who have entered into parallel
proceedings in more than one national court take the risk of being bound by
the decision of the court which first renders its decision and, subject to the
rules on the doctrine of _res judicata_ , being barred by way of a permanent
anti-suit injunction from prosecuting further any pending proceedings in the
other national courts once that decision is rendered. This is so regardless of
whether the decision of the deciding court is appealable under the laws of
that country. In such a situation, the parties can only either seek recourse
via appellate review of the deciding court’s decision in that country or
continue to be bound by the deciding court’s ruling on the dispute. It would
be highly unsatisfactory if the position were to be otherwise as that would
effectively spell no conclusive end to the resolution of disputes between
parties embroiled in parallel proceedings in more than one national court.

The grant of the anti-suit injunction following the Judge’s construction of cl
14

32 Following from the above, it seemed to us entirely logical for the Judge,
after holding that cl 14 did preclude the Appellant from claiming against the
Respondents for the founder benefits, to proceed to grant the anti-suit
injunction in the present case.

33 At [40] of the GD, the Judge applied his mind to the principles applicable
to the grant of anti-suit injunctions, having regard to the case of _John
Reginald Stott Kirkham and others v Trane US Inc and others_ [2009] 4 SLR(R)
428 (“ _John Reginald Stott Kirkham_ ”) and other cases cited therein. The
fact that the Judge was conscious of those principles can be found in [42] of
the GD where some considerations, reminiscent of those highlighted in what may
be considered the _locus classicus_ on anti-suit injunctions (_ie_ , _Société
Nationale Industrielle Aérospatiale v Lee Kui Jak_ [1987] AC 871), could be
detected:

42 I agreed with [counsel for the Respondents] that if I were to interpret cl
14 in the [Respondents’] favour, then an anti-suit injunction ought, generally
speaking, to be granted to enforce my ruling since [the Appellant] had
submitted to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. Indeed he is currently
working in Singapore. The general rule is subject to [the Appellant] showing a
special or exceptional reason why the injunction should not be granted. No
such reason was shown. All [counsel for the Appellant] could say was that _the
American Action was at an advanced stage_ but that was no reason to allow [the
Appellant] to continue with it once a final ruling was given by a competent
court whose jurisdiction he had submitted to. In the light of my ruling on the
interpretation of cl 14, the American Action against the [Respondents] was
both in breach of cl 14 and _vexatious and oppressive_.

[emphasis added]

34 The question that remained was therefore whether there were any other
reasons or grounds upon which the Judge should, nevertheless, not have
exercised his discretion to grant the anti-suit injunction after deciding on
the merits in respect of cl 14.

35 One of the trite principles as regards _interlocutory_ anti-suit injunction
is that the court’s jurisdiction in respect of such remedies should only be
exercised sparingly and with great caution: see _Halsbury’s Laws of England
vol_ 2 (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2008) p 938 at para 1224; _Dicey, Morris and
Collins on the Conflict of Laws vol_ 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) at pp
502-7. However, the principles governing _interlocutory_ anti-suit injunctions
do not apply unmodified to cases where a permanent injunction is sought after
a judgment on the merits. In _National Westminster Bank plc v Utrecht-America
Finance Co_ [2001] CLC 1372, the plaintiff in an Action in England complained,
_inter alia_ , that the defendant had initiated proceedings in California in
breach of a contract (_ie_ , there was no alleged breach of an arbitration
agreement or any jurisdiction clause). The judge at first instance made an
order restraining the proceedings brought by the defendant in California. The
defendant’s appeal to the English Court of Appeal was dismissed. In dismissing
the appeal, Clarke LJ (with whom Laws and Aldous LJJ agreed) stated (at
[29]-[35]) the following which is necessary to be quoted at length:

[After setting out the principles that apply to the grant of _interlocutory_
anti-suit injunctions]

29\. I accept that those are among the considerations which are relevant to
the question whether an injunction should be granted at an interlocutory
stage. I am also conscious of the principle stated by the Supreme Court of
Canada in _Amchem Products Inc v British Columbia (Workers Compensation
Board)_ [1993] 1 SCR 897, which was quoted with approval by Lord Goff in the
Airbus Industrie case at p. 713; 139:

‘… the domestic court as a matter of comity must take cognisance of the fact
that the foreign court has assumed jurisdiction. If, applying the principles
relating to forum non conveniens … the foreign court could reasonably have
concluded that there was no alternative forum that was clearly more
appropriate, the domestic court should respect that decision and the
application should be dismissed.’

30\. _It is common ground that those principles require significant
modification where the foreign proceedings are brought in breach of an English
jurisdiction clause because the English court will readily grant an injunction
restraining a party from commencing or continuing foreign proceedings which
are in breach of contract_ : see e.g. _Continental Bank NA v Aeakos Compania
Naviera SA_ [1994] 1 WLR 588, _The Angelic Grace_ [1995] 1 Ll Rep 87 and
_Donohue v Armco Inc_ [2000] CLC 1090. Mr Brindle submitted that those
principles have no application here because the TOA does not contain an
exclusive jurisdiction clause.

31\. _Equally, in my opinion, the principles identified above require
significant modification in a case where a permanent injunction is sought
after a judgment on the merits. If the English court gives judgment for the
claimant on the merits and the judgment includes a declaration that the
defendant has brought foreign proceedings in breach of contract, and it is
asked to exercise its equitable jurisdiction to grant a permanent injunction
to restrain a continued breach of contract by further pursuing such foreign
proceedings, different considerations arise from those which arise at an
interlocutory stage._

32\. _Indeed it seems to me that the principles which then become applicable
are very similar to those which apply in the case where an interlocutory
judgment is sought on the ground that the foreign proceedings are in breach of
contract. The relevant principles in that class of case can be seen from the
judgments in The Angelic Grace [1995] 1 Ll Rep 87. Although that was a case in
which the clause provided for arbitration in London and not for the exclusive
jurisdiction of the English courts, it is plain that the same principles apply
to both classes of case._ Thus in _The Angelic Grace_ Leggatt LJ (at p. 94)
followed this statement of principle from the judgment of Steyn LJ in
_Continental Bank NA v Aeakos Compania Naviera SA_ (as reported in [1994] 1 Ll
Rep 505 at p. 512 — where the report is more accurate than in the WLR):

‘In our view the decisive matter is that the bank applied for the injunction
to restrain the defendants' clear breach of contract. In the circumstances, a
claim for damages for breach of contract would be a relatively ineffective
remedy for the defendants' breach of contract. If the injunction is set aside,
the defendants will persist in their breach of contract, and the bank's legal
rights as enshrined in the jurisdiction agreements will prove to be valueless.
Given the total absence of special countervailing factors, this is the
paradigm case for the grant of an injunction restraining a party from Acting
in breach of an exclusive jurisdiction agreement. In our judgment the
continuance of the Greek proceedings amounts to vexatious and oppressive
conduct on the part of the defendants. The judge exercised his discretion
properly.’

33\. In _The Angelic Grace_ this court rejected in robust terms the argument
that the grant of an injunction to restrain foreign proceedings which were in
clear breach of contract would offend against comity. It did so on the basis
that it is vexatious and oppressive for a party to maintain proceedings in
breach of its agreement not to do so: see e.g. per Leggatt LJ at p. 96.
Millett LJ expressed his views in the following passages (at p. 86) which have
been much quoted since:

‘ _In my judgment, the time has come to lay aside the ritual incantation that
this is a jurisdiction which should only be exercised sparingly and with great
caution. There have been many statements of great authority warning of the
danger of giving an appearance of undue interference with the proceedings of a
foreign Court. Such sensitivity to the feelings of a foreign Court has much to
commend it where the injunction is sought on the ground of forum non
conveniens or on the general ground that the foreign proceedings are vexatious
or oppressive but where no breach of contract is involved_. _In the former
case, great care may be needed to avoid casting doubt on the fairness or
adequacy of the procedures of the foreign Court. In the later case, the
question whether proceedings are vexatious or oppressive is primarily a matter
for the Court before which they are pending. But in my judgment there is no
good reason for diffidence in granting an injunction to restrain foreign
proceedings on the clear and simple ground that the defendant has promised not
to being_ [sic] _them_.

…

_I cannot accept the proposition that any Court would be offended by the grant
of an injunction to restrain a party from invoking a jurisdiction which he had
promised not to invoke and which it was its own duty to decline_.

…

In my judgment, where an injunction is sought to restrain a party from
proceeding in a foreign Court in breach of an arbitration agreement governed
by English law, the English Court need feel no diffidence in granting the
injunction, provided that it is sought promptly and before the foreign
proceedings are too far advanced. I see no difference in principle between an
injunction to restrain proceedings in breach of an arbitration clause and one
to restrain proceedings in breach of an exclusive jurisdiction clause as in
_Continental Bank NA v Aeakos Compania Naviera SA_ , [1994] 1 WLR 588. The
justification for the grant of the injunction in either case is that without
it the plaintiff will be deprived of its contractual rights in a situation in
which damages are manifestly an inadequate remedy. The jurisdiction is, of
course, discretionary and is not exercised as a matter of course, but good
reason needs to be shown why it should not be exercised in any given case.’

34\. In  _Donohue v Armco_ [2000] CLC 1090 Stuart-Smith LJ adopted those
principles, although he said that he thought that we should adhere to the
expressions ‘strong cause’ or ‘strong reason’ rather than good reason. _I
should add that it seems to me that the English court should not feel
diffidence in granting such an injunction in order to restrain a breach of
contract whether or not it would be the duty of the foreign court to decline
jurisdiction._

35\. Those principles apply to the granting of an interlocutory injunction to
restrain foreign proceedings which are brought in breach of an exclusive
jurisdiction clause. Mr Brindle correctly submitted that in this case cl.
8.2(d) is not an exclusive jurisdiction clause. However, once it is held that
Utrecht were in breach of the TOA in commencing the Californian proceedings
and that they remain in breach of the TOA in continuing to pursue them, as
held by the judge, it seems to me that essentially the same principles apply.
Thus it would be vexatious to allow Utrecht to continue its breach in
circumstances where damages would not be an adequate remedy. As Millett LJ put
it, there is no good reason for diffidence on the clear and simple ground that
Utrecht promised not to do what it is now doing. I can see no reason in
principle why comity should stand in the way of the granting of an injunction.

[emphasis added]

36 Having regard to the foregoing and the reasons given by the Judge at
[41]-[42] of the GD, we did not see anything to suggest that the Judge had
erred in his decision to grant the anti-suit injunction after deciding on the
underlying merits of the Singapore Action.

37 For completeness, we wish to add that even assuming that the principles
governing the grant of _interlocutory_ anti-suit injunctions were to be
applied _unmodified_ in the present case, the grant of the anti-suit
injunction would be justified. The general principles governing the grant of
_interlocutory_ anti-suit injunctions are set out at [35] above and will not
be repeated here. As far as local authorities are concerned, the position has
been established by this Court in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham_ at [28]-[29]
where the approach taken by the High Court in _Evergreen International SA v
Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 457 at [16] (“ _Evergreen
International SA_ ”) was approved:

28 In  _Evergreen International SA v Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd_
[2004] 2 SLR(R) 457 ("_Evergreen International SA_ "), Belinda Ang Saw Ean J
("Ang J") stated that she had to consider the following elements in
determining whether an anti-suit injunction ought to be granted in the case
(at [16]):

(a) whether the defendants are amenable to the jurisdiction of the Singapore
court;

(b) the natural forum for resolution of the dispute between the parties;

(c) the alleged vexation or oppression to the plaintiffs if the foreign
proceedings are to continue; and

(d) the alleged injustice to the defendants as an injunction would deprive the
defendants of the advantages sought in the foreign proceedings.

29 In our view, this is as good a list as any with only one qualification,
which would constitute a fifth element - whether the institution of the
foreign proceedings is in breach of any agreement between the parties (see
_South Carolina Insurance Co v Assurantie Maatschappij "De Zeven Provincien"
NV_ [1987] AC 24). Where there is such an agreement, the court may not feel
diffident about granting an anti-suit injunction as it would only be enforcing
a contractual promise and the question of international comity is not as
relevant (see  _The Angelic Grace_ [1995] 1 Lloyd's Rep 87 at 96 and  _WSG
Nimbus Pte Ltd v Board of Control for Cricket in Sri Lanka_ [2002] 1 SLR(R)
1088 at [91]). However, as far as the present case was concerned, this element
did not come into play as there was no such agreement between the parties.
That said, we will now examined each of these elements in relation to the
facts and circumstances of the present case, although one could say that the
third and fourth elements are really quite closely related, being two sides of
the same coin.

38 In line with the approach elaborated in _John Reginald Stott Kirkham_
quoted above, we also saw a preponderance of factors which weighed in favour
of granting an anti-suit injunction in our present case. These factors were:

(a) The Appellant was at the material time amenable[note: 24] to the
jurisdiction of the local courts because he was working in Singapore at the
time the Singapore Action was commenced. Further, the Appellant had submitted
to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts by not making any application for
a stay of that Action;

(b) There were strong reasons to believe that the natural forum for the
resolution of the underlying dispute between the Appellant and the Respondents
was Singapore given that (i) the 1st Respondent was a company incorporated in
Singapore and the Appellant was stationed in Singapore while he was employed
by the 1st Respondent;[note: 25] (ii) the 17 July 2008 Agreement was discussed
and signed in Singapore;[note: 26] (iii) the Appellant was residing in
Singapore;[note: 27] (iv) there was a non-exclusive jurisdiction clause in
favour of the Singapore courts under the letter from the 1st Respondent dated
10 May 2007 which was linked to the 17 July 2008 Agreement; and (v) the
governing law in respect of the matters covered in the letter dated 10 May
2007 was expressed to be Singapore law (see [33] of the GD);

(c) There would be vexation or oppression to the Respondents if the American
Action were to continue because the American Action would, for the reasons
stated at [17]-[24] above indicating that the Appellant had breached cl 14 by
commencing the American Action, likely be “bound to fail”: see _Dicey, Morris
and Collins on the Conflict of Laws vol_ 1 (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) at
pp 504-5;

(d) The Appellant had not pointed out any potential advantage sought in the
American Action which he would be deprived of if the anti-suit injunction were
to be granted;

(e) Contrary to what the Appellant submitted, the American Action was not at
an advanced stage. No doubt certain interlocutory motions arising from the
American Action had already been argued before in the United States of America
and discovery was already underway in the American Action,[note: 28] the trial
had yet commenced. Furthermore, the Appellant had, so far, still not effected
service of the legal documents on the 1st and 5th Respondent in respect of the
American Action; and

(f) An anti-suit injunction in the present case would not, strictly-speaking,
offend against the notion of international comity because the injunction would
effectively be no more than an _in personam_ order made against the Appellant
following his breach of a specific contractual promise encapsulated in cl 14:
see _Bank of America National Trust and Savings Association v Djoni Widjaja_
[1994] 2 SLR(R) 898 at [11] and [24] and _The Angelic Grace_ [1995] 1 Ll Rep
87 quoted in [35] above.

Conclusion

39 For all the reasons given above, the appeal was dismissed.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, pp 8-9.

[note: 2]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 27.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 30.

[note: 4]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 11 para 32.

[note: 5]Respondent’s Case, p 11 para 11.

[note: 6]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, pp 50-3.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 54.

[note: 8]Ibid.

[note: 9]Respondent’s Core Bundle, pp 1 and 3.

[note: 10]Respondent’s Core Bundle, p 1.

[note: 11]Respondent’s Core Bundle, p 3.

[note: 12]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 62.

[note: 13]ROA Vol II, pp 5-7.

[note: 14]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol I, pp 4-5.

[note: 15]ORC 2282/2011 (Order Made In Chambers), Order 3.

[note: 16]Appellant’s Skeletal Submissions, [9].

[note: 17]Appellant’s Case, pp 22-3.

[note: 18]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 50.

[note: 19]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol II, p 53.

[note: 20]Appellant’s Case, pp 30-2.

[note: 21]Respondents’ Case, p 41.

[note: 22]Respondents’ Case, pp 40-1.

[note: 23]Respondents’ Case, p 50.

[note: 24]On meaning of “amenable” to a jurisdiction, see _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-
Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 148 at [17].

[note: 25]Respondents’ Case, p 76.

[note: 26]Ibid.

[note: 27]Ibid.

[note: 28]Appellant’s Case, pp 49-51.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

