Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Reecon Wolf”  
[2012] SGHC 22

Case Number| :| Admiralty in Rem No. 157 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No. 94 of
2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Mohan and Bernard Yee (Incisive Law LLC) for the
Defendant; John Seow and Vellayappan Bala (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the
Plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  The "Reecon Wolf"  
  
31 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 This Registrar’s Appeal No 94 of 2011 (“RA 94”) was from the decision of the
Assistant Registrar refusing to stay an admiralty action between foreigners
arising from a collision between foreign vessels of different nationalities in
the Straits of Malacca.

In Rem Proceedings: A Chronology

2 The plaintiff’s vessel, the _Capt Stefanos_ , was in collision with the
defendant’s vessel, the _Reecon Wolf_ , on 21st August 2010 at 1748 hours in
the Straits of Malacca. The defendant commenced an _in rem_ action in the High
Court of Malaya at Malacca and arrested the plaintiff’s vessel, the _Capt
Stefanos_ , on 24 August 2010. The plaintiff secured her release by providing
security in the form of a letter of undertaking furnished by North of England
P&I Club Association Ltd. The _Capt Stefanos_ was released from arrest in
Malacca on 30 August 2010. For ease of reference, the short title of the
defendant’s _in rem_ action against the _Capt Stefanos_ is Admiralty in Rem
No. 27-1-2010 (“the Malaysian Action”),

3 The plaintiff wishing to found jurisdiction in Singapore arrested the
_Reecon Wolf_ whilst she was here. Admiralty in Rem No 157 of 2010 was
commenced on 26 August 2010 (“the Singapore Action”). On the same day, the _in
rem_ writ was served and the _Reecon Wolf_ was arrested in Singapore. The
defendant secured her release by providing security in the form of a letter of
undertaking furnished by Gard P&I (Bermuda) Ltd. The R _eecon Wolf_ was
released from arrest on 28 August 2010.

4 The claim in the Singapore Action is a maritime claim within the admiralty
jurisdiction of the High Court of Singapore. Likewise, the claim against the
_Capt Stefanos_ in Malacca (the Malaysian Action) is a maritime claim within
the admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court of Malaya, at Malacca. Notably,
the parties would be the same even if, procedurally, their positions were
reversed in the two actions so that the present plaintiff in the Singapore
Action was the defendant in the Malaysian Action, and _vice versa_. The
substantive issues in both proceedings were the same, namely, which vessel was
responsible for the collision? If both vessels were negligent, what should the
apportionment of liability be? Simply put, each party would be liable for the
damage in proportion to the degree in which its ship was at fault.

5 The defendant filed its Preliminary Act in the Malaysian Action on 8
September 2010. The plaintiff filed its Preliminary Act in the Singapore
Action on 26 October 2010. On the same date, the plaintiff applied to stay the
Malaysian Action in favour of Singapore (“the Malaysian Stay Application”),
and on 3 November 2010, the defendant followed suit and applied, _vide_
Summons No 5218 of 2010 (“SUM No 5218”), for an order that the Singapore
Action be stayed in favour of Malaysia.

6 SUM No 5218 was dismissed by the Assistant Registrar on 18 March 2011. The
defendant duly filed RA 94 on 31 March 2011\. On 8 July 2011, I allowed the
appeal in RA 94 and ordered, _inter alia_ , a stay of the Singapore Action and
directed that security be furnished by the defendant to secure the plaintiff’s
intended claims in Malaysia. The plaintiff has appealed against my decision.

7 I should mention that even though the Malaysian Stay Application was filed
earlier, SUM No 5218 was coincidentally heard first on 18 March 2011. In the
course of the hearing of RA 94, counsel for the plaintiff, Mr John Seow (“Mr
Seow”), informed me of the dismissal of the Malaysian Stay Application, and
that an appeal would be lodged on 6 July 2011.

8 When deciding on this appeal, I had to bear in mind the latest development:
that the High Court of Malaya at Malacca had ruled on the appropriateness of
Malaysia as the forum for the resolution of the issues between the parties;
that the Malaysian Action would go on whatever might happen in Singapore; and
that the plaintiff would appeal against the ruling.

Events leading to and after the collision

9 The _Capt Stefanos_ is a Bahamian registered vessel and the _Reecon Wolf_ is
registered in the Marshall Islands. The owner of the _Capt Stefanos_ is Osmium
Shipping Corporation, a Liberian company, and the vessel appears to be managed
and operated by entities based in Greece or the Bahamas.[note: 1] The owner of
the _Reecon Wolf_ is Daimon Shipping Ltd, a company incorporated in the
Marshall Islands. Its shipmanagers, Furtrans Ship Management GmbH, have their
headquarters in Germany but operate from Turkey. The officers and crew members
of the _Reecon Wolf_ were from the People’s Republic of China. The Master and
Second Mate of the _Capt Stefanos_ were Greek whilst the Chief Mate was
Ukrainian. Her crew members were mainly Filipinos with the exception of an AB
(able-bodied seaman) who was a citizen of the People’s Republic of China.

10 Both vessels laden with cargo were bound for China and were transiting the
Straits of Malacca _en_ _route_ to Singapore for bunkers when the collision
occurred. Prior to the collision, the _Reecon Wolf_ was seen overtaking on the
port side of the _Capt Stefanos._ Shortly after she reached a position just
forward of the port beam of the _Capt Stefanos_ , the _Reecon Wolf_ suddenly
veered to starboard. The _Capt Stefanos_ immediately put her wheel hard-to-
starboard to turn away from the _Reecon Wolf_. However, the starboard bow of
the _Reecon Wolf_ collided with the aft port quarter of the _Capt Stefanos_.
Both vessels sustained collision damage from the incident.

11 After the collision, the Masters of the _Capt Stefanos_ and the _Reecon
Wolf_ communicated over VHF. From the VHF communication, it appears that the
_Reecon Wolf_ experienced power loss and steering gear failure shortly before
the collision. This VHF communication after the collision was not disputed by
either party. The plaintiff has therefore alleged that the collision happened
when the _Reecon Wolf_ experienced a loss of engine power whilst attempting to
overtake the _Capt Stefanos_.

12 The Malaysian Marine Department (“MMD”) intervened shortly after the
incident and directed the vessels to anchor at the port of Malacca for
investigations. The crew of both vessels were interviewed and some
documentation onboard the vessels were provided to the MMD officers. Nothing
further appeared to have ensued since the vessels left Malacca.

13 Whilst the _Reecon Wolf_ was under arrest in Singapore, the plaintiff filed
Summons No 4061 of 2010 for the inspection of the _Reecon Wolf_ pursuant to O
70 r 28 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed). An Inspection Order
was granted and the plaintiff’s appointed experts, who were from the firm of
BMT Marine & Offshore Surveys (“BMT Singapore”), inspected and conducted tests
on the steering gear and equipment onboard the _Reecon Wolf_ for over two days
on 27 and 28 August 2010. It appears that the defendant had given an
undertaking to preserve all relevant documents in its custody, possession and
power pending the determination of the dispute either in Singapore or
Malaysia.

The Law

14 There was little dispute as to the principles the court must apply when
considering an application to stay proceedings on grounds of _forum non
conveniens._ The principles are enunciated in the _Spiliada Maritime
Corporation v Cansulex Ltd_ [1987] AC 460 (“ _The_ _Spiliada_ ”). _The_
_Spiliada_ has been approved and followed by the Court of Appeal in Singapore
and the most recent decisions are: _Rickshaw Investments Ltd and Another v
Nicolai Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”),
_CIMB Bank Bhd v Dresdner Kleinwort Ltd_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 543 and _JIO Minerals
FZC and others v Mineral Enterprises Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 391 (“ _JIO Minerals_
”). It is settled law that the court has a general discretion applying _The_
_Spiliada_ principles to stay proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ when this is required in the interests of justice.

15 _The_ _Spiliada_ principles encompass a 2-stage process. Stage 1 involves
identifying the existence of an available forum that is clearly or distinctly
more appropriate than Singapore for the action to be tried in, _ie_ , the
forum in which the case may be tried more suitably for the interests of all
the parties and the ends of justice. At Stage 1, the burden is on the
defendant to show _both_ that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate
forum for the trial of the action, and that there is another available forum
which is clearly or distinctly more appropriate than Singapore (see _The
Spilidia_ (at 477) and _JIO Minerals_ (at [53]).

16 The natural or appropriate forum for the trial of the action is the forum
with which the action has the most real and substantial connection, and it is
identified by its connections to various factors. The list of factors is not
exhaustive. The usual factors taken into consideration are the residence and
place of business of the parties, matters affecting the convenience and
expense of the parties of litigating in either of the competing fora (such as
the location and availability of witnesses), and the law applicable to the
substance of the dispute. The place where the tort is committed is _prima
facie_ the natural forum in the sense that it is the forum that is clearly or
distinctly the more appropriate forum for the action to be tried in. However,
as this is only a _prima facie_ position, the court will consider if the
_prima facie_ natural forum is either displaced by other factors or, if taken
with other factors, they all clearly point to the natural forum as the more
appropriate forum (see _JIO Minerals_ at [106]; _Chan Chin Cheung v Chan Fatt
Cheung and others_ [2010] 1 SLR 1192 (“ _Chan Chin Cheung_ ”) at [31]).

17 Multiplicity of proceedings is also a relevant factor in evaluating the
more appropriate forum (see _Meadows Indemnity Co Ltd v Insurance Corporation
of Ireland Ltd_ [1989] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 181 at 189 (the Court of Appeal refused
to interfere in the judge’s exercise of discretion, see [1989] 2 Lloyd’s Rep
298); _The Varna_ _No 2_ [1994] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 41 at 47; _Chan Chin Cheung_ at
[44]). In cases of _lis alibi pendens_ , considerations for a stay of one set
of proceedings are the undesirability of the same issues between the same
parties being litigated concurrently in two jurisdictions, and the risk of
conflicting decisions emanating from the two proceedings. The development of
this aspect of _The Spilidia_ considerations in a _forum non conveniens_
setting is helpfully summarised in Dicey, Morris & Collins on _The Conflict of
Laws_ ,Vol 1 _(_ Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2006) at para 12-036:

Although it was once thought that there were special factors in cases of _lis
alibi pendens_ , it is now clear that the existence of simultaneous
proceedings is no more than a factor relevant to the determination of the
appropriate forum. In _The Abidin Daver_ , Lord Diplock said that, where
proceedings were pending in a foreign court between the parties, and the
defendant in the foreign proceedings commenced proceedings as plaintiff in
England, then the additional inconvenience or expense which must result from
allowing two sets of legal proceedings to be pursued concurrently in two
different jurisdictions, where the same facts would be in issue and the
testimony of the same witnesses required, could only be justified if the
would-be plaintiff in England could establish objectively by cogent evidence
that there was some personal or juridical advantage that would be available to
him only in the English action and which was of such importance that it would
cause injustice to deprive him of it. This was an application of his formula
in _MacShannon v Rockware Glass Ltd_ to cases of _lis alibi pendens_. It was
confirmed that the principles enunciated in _Spiliada Maritime Corp v Cansulex
Ltd_ apply whether or not there are other proceedings already pending in the
alternative forum: the foreign proceedings may be of no relevance at all, for
example, if one party has commenced them for the purpose of demonstrating the
existence of a competing jurisdiction, or if the proceedings have not passed
beyond the stage of initiating process. But if genuine proceedings have been
started and have had some impact on the dispute between the parties,
especially if it is likely to have a continuing effect, then this may be a
relevant (but not necessarily decisive) factor when considering whether the
foreign jurisdiction provides the appropriate forum.

Put simply, the two sets of proceedings are merely one of the circumstances to
be considered by this court (see also Lord Goff in _De Dampierre v De
Dampierre_ [1988] AC 92 at 108). Hence, the nature and existence of multiple
or concurrent proceedings and the weight to be given to this factor will
depend on all the circumstances of the case, including the state of advance of
the other foreign action, consequences of ongoing proceedings in terms of
inconvenience, expenses, and other matters such as risk of conflicting
judgments.

18 If the court concludes that _prima facie_ there is a clearly or distinctly
more appropriate forum, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless there are
circumstances by reason of which justice requires that a stay should
nonetheless not be granted. At Stage 2, all the circumstances of the case will
be considered. The burden of proof at Stage 2 is on the plaintiff. On the
evidential standard of proof, I note that Lord Diplock in _The Abidin Daver_
[1984] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 339 at 344 required the plaintiff to establish
“objectively by cogent evidence” that there is some personal or juridical
advantage available to the plaintiff in the Singapore proceedings, and that it
is of such importance that it would cause injustice to the plaintiff to
deprive the plaintiff of it.

19 _The Spiliada_ principles and the court’s discretion are not affected by
the fact that proceedings are _in rem._ Therefore, even though the plaintiff
has founded jurisdiction as of right, there is no presumption or extra weight
in the balance in favour of the plaintiff; the approach is the “more
appropriate forum” test. As D.C. Jackson observed in _Enforcement of Maritime
Claims_ (LLP London, 4th Ed, 2005) at para 12.99:

The burden of proof on the defendant takes into account, without emphasising,
the establishment of jurisdiction in this country by the claimant,
particularly where the basis of the jurisdiction is relatively a slight
connection.

20 I make one additional observation. The _in rem_ nature of the suit confirms
the existence of jurisdiction over the subject matter of the dispute and the
provision of adequate security for the maritime claim in one jurisdiction
(_ie_ , Singapore). In the present case, the plaintiff’s maritime lien
attaching at the moment of collision was a right against the particular ship
and, the arrest in Singapore was a proper course to pursue. At the other end
of the balance in a _forum non conveniens_ analysis is the concern for finding
an alternative forum in terms of both availability of jurisdiction and
adequate security. To overcome any personal or juridical advantage derived
from the _in rem_ factor as described, the defendant is usually prepared, as
was the case here, to submit to the jurisdiction of the alternative forum and
to post adequate security there. In doing so, the court when addressing the
issue of stay can with ease embark upon a consideration of whether or not the
alternative forum (_ie_ , Malaysia) is a more appropriate forum.

21 Finally, the manifest concern for international comity in _forum non
conveniens_ principles. The Singapore courts have acknowledged the importance
of international comity, and in a proper case have given the doctrine due
regard. In _Q &M Enterprises Sdn Bhd __v Poh_ _Kiat_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 494 (“ _Q
&M Enterprises_”), Andrew Phang JC said (at [18]):

...[C]omity is to be observed in deed, and not merely in word.

22 In giving regard to both international comity and convenience, Phang JC
stated (at [66]):

..[w]here there is a direct clash between international comity on the one hand
and mere inconvenience to one of the parties on the other, the former must
surely prevail...

However, if giving accord to international comity offends the public policy of
the domestic legal system (for example, Singapore), naturally the interest of
the latter will prevail (per Phang JC at [25]).

23 “Comity” is defined in _Morguard Investments Ltd v De Savoye_ [1990] 3 SCR
1077 at p 1096 (and subsequently approved in _Amchem Products Incorporated v
British Columbia (Workers’ Compensation Board)_ [1993] 1 SCR 897) (“ _Amchem
Products_ ”) in the following terms:

“Comity” in the legal sense is neither a matter of absolute obligation, on the
one hand, nor of mere courtesy and good will, upon the other. But it is the
recognition which one nation allows within its territory to the legislative,
executive or judicial acts of another nation, having due regard both to
international duty and convenience, and to the rights of its own citizens or
of other persons who are under the protection of its laws...”.

24 Multiplicity of proceedings here and abroad in respect of the same
controversy and parties is a concern. The possibility of friction caused by
conflicting decisions from different jurisdictions has found expression in
judicial acknowledgment of the concept of comity, and in the judicial exercise
of discretionary powers. This brings me to _The Abidin Daver_. In that case,
there were concurrent proceedings in England and Turkey and the court had to
decide whether to stay the English proceedings. Lord Diplock was concerned
that if concurrent proceedings were allowed to continue in England and Turkey,
there might well be “an unseemly race to be the first to obtain judgment”, and
opined that “comity demands that such a situation should not be permitted to
occur as between court of two civilised and friendly states” (at 344). In
short, the risk of inconsistent judgments can be avoided if one court gives
way to the other in the interest of international comity. A similar risk of
inconsistent findings and conflicting decisions also arises where there are
two related or parallel actions, one here and abroad and the court is asked to
stay one of the actions. To illustrate, in _Chan Chin Cheung_ , there were
parallel proceedings in Singapore and Malaysia and the Singapore proceedings
were stayed in the interest of international comity.

No Agreement on jurisdiction

25 The issue of an agreement on jurisdiction that the Assistant Registrar took
time to consider was not pursued at this appeal. For completeness, a brief
recount of Mr Seow’s clarification of the matter (and without deciding on the
correctness of his explanation) is as follows. It was not the plaintiff’s case
that there was in existence an agreement on jurisdiction to resolve disputes
arising from the collision. Mr Ioannis Botonakis (“Mr Botonakis”), the manager
of the plaintiff’s vessel, did not make any assertion of an agreement on
jurisdiction. It was the defendant who had misunderstood his affidavit
evidence which made reference to an agreement to confer in Singapore on
matters such as jurisdiction to resolve liability for the collision, and
security for the collision claims.

The Arguments

26 Counsel for the defendant, Mr S Mohan (“Mr Mohan”) explained that the
parties and the subject matter of the Singapore Action have no connections
with Singapore. In those circumstances, it was argued, that this court, in its
discretion, should stay the Singapore Action so as to allow the matters in
issue between the parties to be dealt with in the Malaysian Action which
involved the same parties and the same cause of action as the Singapore
Action. Compared to Singapore, Malaysia was clearly or distinctly a more
appropriate forum having competent jurisdiction for the just resolution of the
dispute for several reasons. Malaysia was the natural, or at any rate, a
natural forum for the resolution of the collision damage between the parties.
He emphasised that the collision occurred in Malaysian territorial waters and
that arising out of the collision the defendant had commenced _in rem_
proceedings against the _Capt Stefanos_ and arrested her in Malacca. The
governing law of the tort was Malaysian law. Furthermore, Mr Mohan confirmed
that if the plaintiff sued in Malaysia on the same collision, the defendant
would submit to the jurisdiction as well as furnish security for the
plaintiff’s claims. In addition, the defendant would agree to the use of
documents and evidence obtained pursuant to the Inspection Order made against
the _Reecon Wolf_ in the Singapore Action. I noted that such promises in the
nature of undertakings given in support of the defendant’s application for a
stay are permissible, appropriate and effective (see _The Lanka Athula_ [1991]
1 HKC 101; _The Polessk_ [1996] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 40 at 51-52 on inspection of
vessel by an undertaking or to be imposed on the grant of stay).

27 Mr Mohan identified eight factors which, as it appeared to him, pointed to
Malaysia as clearly or distinctly the more appropriate forum for the trial of
the plaintiff’s claims against the defendant. They may be summarised as
follows:

(a) The collision occurred in Malaysian territorial waters and the tort
occurred in Malaysia.

(b) The governing law of the tort was Malaysian law.

(c) After the collision, both vessels were surveyed in Malaysia by surveyors
based in Malaysia. The damage surveys were for the speed and angle of blow
reports and were, hence, relevant to the liability issue.

(d) The investigations by MMD. After the collision both vessels were ordered
by MMD to anchor in Malaysian waters. The crew of both vessels were
interviewed by MMD officers who also obtained copies of some documents onboard
the vessels. The contemporaneous statements of the crew of both vessels on the
circumstances leading up to the collision as well as MMD’s investigation
report would be relevant. MMD officers could be compelled to testify by
subpoena in Malaysia under the Malaysian Rules of the High Court 1980.

(e) The VHF exchange between the Masters of the vessels shortly after the
collision was recorded on the _Reecon Wolf’s_ Voyage Data Recorder (“VDR”).
The _Reecon Wolf’s_ VDR data was downloaded from the vessel in Malaysia by
Racom Electronics (M) Sdn Bhd (“Racom”) who is the VDR manufacturer’s
representative in Malaysia.

(f) Malaysian VTIS (_ie_ , Vessel Traffic Information System) would have
tracked the vessels’ movements. Hence, radar data from a shore based VTIS
station would contain useful information to aid reconstruction of the
collision.[note: 2]

(g) Temporary collision damage repairs were done in Malaysia. Temporary
repairs were carried out by the crew of the _Reecon Wolf_ , and in the case of
the _Capt Stefanos_ , temporary repairs in Malaysia were carried out under the
supervision of Greek technicians flown in for the assignment.

(h) The existence of concurrent proceedings in Malaysia and Singapore in
respect of the same collision and between the same parties.

28 Building on the eight factors, Mr Mohan went on to argue that the arrest of
the _Reecon Wolf_ in Singapore and evidence gathered from the inspection and
test of the equipment onboard the _Reecon Wolf_ in Singapore pursuant to an
Inspection Order granted by the Singapore court were not weighty factors to
suggest that Singapore was the more appropriate forum. In fact, the lack of
substantial connections with Singapore supported the defendant’s assertion
that the plaintiff was forum shopping in Singapore in order to take advantage
of higher limits of liability under Singapore law.

29 Mr Seow rejected the defendant’s contention that Malaysia was the more
appropriate forum based on the eight factors mentioned. He claimed that the
plaintiff had invoked the Admiralty jurisdiction of the High Court of
Singapore as of right and the plaintiff’s right should not be lightly
disturbed. He submitted that Malaysia was not the natural forum for this
dispute based solely on the fact that the collision occurred in Malaysian
territorial waters, and that this court should not exercise its discretion to
stay the Singapore Action so that the dispute could be transferred to
Malaysia. His point was that in most collision cases, the place of collision
was fortuitous and this fact (_ie_ , the place of collision) standing by
itself was too tenuous and not a sufficient reason for staying the Singapore
Action. Quite apart from the place of the tort, this court would have to
examine whether there were other real and substantial connections to Malaysia.
In support of his argument, Mr Seow cited _The Peng Yan_ [2009] 1 HKLRD 144 (“
_The Peng Yan_ ”) at [28], a decision of the Hong Kong Court of Appeal (see
[49] below).

30 Mr Seow identified various connecting factors to Singapore. They may be
summarised as follows:

(a) The Singapore Action was commenced as of right.

(b) The _Reecon Wolf_ was inspected in Singapore pursuant to an Inspection
Order and the plaintiff’s expert, William Alan Lyons, who carried out the
inspection and tests on the steering gear and equipment on board the _Reecon
Wolf_ was based in Singapore.

(c) Convenience of a trial in Singapore because foreign witnesses (from both
sides) could testify via video-link, a facility that is not available if trial
is held in Malaysia, a view that was also confirmed by the defendant’s expert
on Malaysian law, Mr Arun A/L Krishnalingam.[note: 3] In the case of surveyors
based in Malaysia, their survey reports could easily be made available for a
trial in Singapore. If their testimony was required, the surveyors could
easily travel to Singapore given the geographical proximity between Singapore
and Malaysia.

(d) The place of collision was fortuitous. The tort was committed as both
vessels navigated through Malaysian territorial waters _en_ _route_ to
Singapore for bunkers. But for the collision the vessels would have left
Malaysian territorial waters for Singapore.

(e) The laws of Malaysia in relation to the collision were substantially the
same as the corresponding areas of Singapore law. Thus, the identity of the
governing law was a neutral factor.

(f) Uncertainty as to the availability of VTIS evidence tracking the movements
of the vessels at the material times. Even if radar data existed, the data
would not be available to the parties without first obtaining a court order in
Malaysia. It was explained by the plaintiff’s expert on Malaysian law that the
data was protected from disclosure under the Malaysian Official Secrets Act
1972, and that the Malaysian courts would not order its disclosure if MMD
withheld consent for its disclosure.[note: 4] Mr Seow argued that compared to
the VTIS evidence, the VDR data that was already disclosed was more relevant
in resolving the collision liability issue. The VDR data would have
information on the vessels’ relative positions, course and speed before and in
the moments leading up the collision.

(g) MMD’s investigations were routine marine safety investigations and the
relevance of evidence of the MMD officers and the MMD’s investigations were
not explained by the defendant.

(h) The Malaysian Action was commenced for the sole purpose of founding
jurisdiction to take advantage of lower limits of liability under Malaysian
law.

Discussion and Decision

Admiralty jurisdiction and forum shopping

31 Before I turn to consider the application of the _forum non conveniens_
principles to the facts of this case, I should first say a few words about the
classic _in rem_ proceedings and forum shopping, and the close association
between the two.

32 The lack of substantive connection to any particular jurisdiction is not an
unusual feature of ships engaged in international maritime commerce. Often,
the only connection with a country is the ship’s presence there and where _in
rem_ proceedings are served or the ship arrested. The significant point about
_in rem_ jurisdiction is that it is invoked _in rem_ in accordance with a
procedure recognised by international convention _ie_ , the International
Convention on Arrest of Seagoing Ships, 1952 (“the Arrest Convention”).

33 Frequently allied to admiralty jurisdiction is the notion of forum
shopping. Lord Simon in _The Atlantic Star_ [1974] AC 436 explained “forum
shopping” in the context of ocean going vessels in these vivid words (at 473):

“Forum shopping” is, indeed, inescapably involved with the concept of maritime
lien and the action in rem. Every port is automatically an admiralty emporium.
....

34 Sixteen years later, in more sombre and legalistic tones, Russell LJ in
_First National Bank of Boston v Union Bank of Switzerland and others_ [1990]
1 Lloyd’s Rep 32 at 38 explained his understanding of “forum shopping” in a
_forum non conveniens_ context:

The expression “forum shopping” is commonly used to describe the institution
of proceedings whereby plaintiffs seek to compel defendants to litigate issues
in one jurisdiction when these are already being or about to be litigated in
another jurisdiction which is suitable for their resolution. It also
frequently involves an attempt to persuade the Courts of one country to
arrogate to themselves a jurisdiction which belongs more properly to the
Courts of another country, so that the grant of the plaintiff’s application in
one jurisdiction may involve a breach of comity towards the Courts of another
country.

35 As ships ply worldwide in trade, there are opportunities for a foreign
claimant with a maritime claim to arrest the ship or sister ship in a foreign
jurisdiction so long as the foreign ship or sister ship is found in a country
whose domestic laws have adopted the Arrest Convention. From this perspective,
the claimant would be seen to be forum shopping in “an admiralty emporium”.
Another aspect of forum shopping has to do with limitation of liability for
maritime claims. There are two international conventions for limitation of
liability for maritime claims: the International Convention relating to
Limitation of Liability of Owners of Sea-going Ships 1957 (“the 1957
Convention”) and the Convention on Limitation of Liability for Maritime
Claims, 1976 (“the 1976 Convention”). The former provides for lower limits of
liability while the latter provides for higher limits. However, it is easier
to break limits to establish unlimited liability under the 1957 Convention
than under the 1976 Convention. The motivation is self-evident in the present
case: Singapore applies the 1976 Convention and Malaysia the 1957 Convention.
Whilst understandable, the plaintiff’s suggestion that Singapore was a more
appropriate forum was really based entirely on its desire to choose a forum
with higher limits under the 1976 Convention. In fact, according to Mr Seow’s
calculations, the limitation fund of the _Reecon Wolf_ under the 1957
Convention is approximately US$550,940 as compared to a limitation fund of
approximately US$2.91m under the 1976 Convention. Since the statutory limits
in Singapore are higher than the plaintiff’s claims, the potential to recover
its full claims is an obvious advantage to the plaintiff litigating in
Singapore.

36 The different limitation regimes bring me back to forum shopping and _in
rem_ actions. Nigel Meeson and John Kimbell in _Admiralty Jurisdiction and
Practice_ (Informa, 4th Ed, 2011) rightly observed at para 7.30:

This dichotomy of [limitation of liability] regimes has not surprisingly
provided fertile ground for forum shopping in collision cases, and given rise
to a line of cases grappling with the problem of what effect to give an
argument that a stay should or should not be granted by reason of the other
forum applying the 1957 Convention, England is applying the 1976 Convention.

37 With judicial chauvinism firmly replaced by judicial comity, the dichotomy
of the limitation regimes that used to be fought out as a loss of juridical
advantage is now gone. It would be contrary to _The Spiliada_ principles to
look favourably upon a party who selected a forum based solely upon the level
of damages that could be awarded or higher limits of liability.

38 Russell LJ’s definition of forum shopping is applicable to admiralty
actions but, in my view, with a caveat: the definition is to be used in a
setting with reference to the principles and reality in which admiralty
jurisdiction operates (_ie_ , [32] above) and to the _in rem_ factor described
in [20] above. Through _forum non conveniens_ principles, harmony is achieved
in the exercise of the court’s discretion in which due regard is given to
international comity.

39 I will discuss international comity in more detail later. Suffice it to say
at this juncture that, this court was concerned with comity amongst other
considerations in the exercise of discretion, and more so, with the decision
by the Malaysian court on the place of trial.

Spilidia: Stage 1

40 I now turn to consider the factors identified by the parties in relation to
the two sets of proceedings (_ie_ , the Singapore Action and the Malaysian
Action) and, without a doubt, they overlap considerably. The overlap is not
surprising because the two sets of proceedings were based on the same
collision, the same facts and the same parties. Whilst the existence of the
Malaysian Action is not a decisive factor, its relevance in the inquiry
whether Malaysia is clearly a more appropriate forum is by no means marginal.
By the same token, the Singapore Action is one of the circumstances to be
considered by this court.

41 Taking the factors identified by the parties as a whole because of the
overlap, I was satisfied that insofar as convenience of witnesses as a factor
was concerned, there was no balance of advantage for witnesses in a trial in
either Singapore or Malaysia.

42 It was common ground that the vessels, owners, officers and crew were
foreign. For this litigation, the foreign officers and crew on duty at the
material time would be likely witnesses to the events immediately prior to the
collision itself. They would have to travel to give evidence whether the trial
was in Singapore or Malaysia. Furthermore, I did not think there was anything
in the parties’ respective concerns about witness compellability. In collision
cases, the common experience is that officers and crew members required as
witnesses of fact continue to be in the employment of the shipowners in order
to ensure their attendance at the trial to give evidence. If necessary,
evidence by deposition of witnesses is available whether the trial is in
Singapore or Malaysia. As to expert evidence, the parties would be able to
deploy appropriate experts whether the matter was determined in Malaysia or
here. There is much truth in Sheen J’s observations in _The Wellamo_ [1980] 2
Lloyd’s Rep 229, which I gratefully adopt, that “the convenience of those who
are professionally interested in litigation should carry little weight in
comparison with the convenience of those whose normal occupation in life will
be interrupted by attendance in court to give evidence”. Equally, there should
be no difficulty with surveyors who examined the damage to both vessels. As
for surveyors who made reports in which they recorded what they saw, it would
be unrealistic to think that they would be able to remember the condition of
the damage to be different and depart from facts set out in their reports
which would be tendered in evidence at any trial. Whether the reports or other
documents were originally from Singapore or Malaysia, disclosure of documents
would take place either here or in Malaysia. Technical and maintenance records
of the vessels would largely be a matter of documentary record and would be
available in both Singapore and Malaysia.

43 There were arguments on the uncertainties in terms of availability and
relevance of VTIS evidence, and the MMD’s formal investigation report.
Notwithstanding the uncertainties surrounding the matters, I found them to be
of little significance. Neither would temporary repairs in Malaysia lend any
support to the defendant’s stay application.

44 In relation to Mr Mohan’s reliance on _Goh Suan Hee v Teo Cher Teck_ [2010]
1 SLR 367 (“ _Goh_ _Suan_ _Hee_ ”) as authority for the proposition that
Malaysian law would apply to issues of liability and quantum of damages, I
disagreed with Mr Mohan’s reading of that case. It is still an open question
whether the Singapore court will treat quantification of damages as
substantive rather than procedural so as to apply the _lex loci delicti_ to
this issue (see _Goh Suan Hee_ at [24]). In the circumstances, the governing
law was a neutral factor as Mr Seow contended.

45 More importantly on the facts, this court should be concerned with comity
amongst other considerations in the exercise of its discretion to stay
proceedings. Taking the point on witnesses’ testimony above, it would be no
doubt unsatisfactory for witnesses both in terms of convenience and expense to
have to testify twice in two different courts in two countries because of the
concurrent proceedings. This brings me back to the views of Lord Diplock in
_The Abidin Daver_ at [344] which I had referred to at [17] above:

Where a suit about a particular subject matter between a plaintiff and a
defendant is already pending in a foreign court which is a natural and
appropriate forum for the resolution of the dispute between them, and the
defendant in the foreign suit seeks to institute as plaintiff an action in
England about the same matter to which the person who is the plaintiff in the
foreign suit is made defendant, then additional inconvenience and expense
which must result from allowing two sets of legal proceedings to be pursued
concurrently in two different countries where the same facts will be in issue
and the testimony of the same witnesses required, can only be justified if the
would-be plaintiff can establish objectively by cogent evidence that there is
some personal or [juridical] advantage that would be available to him only in
the English action that is of such importance that it would cause injustice to
him to deprive him of it.

Quite apart from the additional inconvenience and expense, if the two actions
are allowed to proceed concurrently in the two jurisdictions the courts of the
two countries may reach conflicting decisions. ...

46 With the above comments in mind, in my view, the main factors in the
circumstances of this case were: (a) the concurrent proceedings; (b) the place
of the commission of the tort, and (c) international comity. I would add that
the plaintiff’s failure to obtain a stay of the Malaysian Action constituted a
further consideration against Singapore being the more appropriate forum.

(a) Concurrent proceedings

47 Earlier, I mentioned matters relating to convenience of witnesses in the
light of litigation between the two parties in two separate jurisdictions and
where the roles of plaintiff and defendant in one jurisdiction were reversed
in the other jurisdiction. Further, the _in rem_ jurisdiction was invoked as
of right in the Singapore Action as was the case in the Malaysian Action. I
had already described the status of both proceedings as being the same and not
very advanced. Nevertheless, the existence of both proceedings was compelling
in themselves bearing in mind that each litigation was founded on the same
cause of action between the same parties and that questions such as the
failure of the _Reecon Wolf’s_ steering gear, the reasons for such failure,
whether the defendant were negligent or at fault and the degree of such fault,
including contributory negligence on the part of those on board the _Capt
Stafanos_ had to be resolved in both proceedings _._ There were obvious
overlaps between such issues in each jurisdiction and the undisputed
application of substantially the same principles of law and the Convention for
the International Regulations for Preventing Collisions at Sea 1972 on the
liability issue by each to determine who was to be blamed is dependent on
findings of fact that could turn out to be inconsistent and irreconcilable. It
is to me self-evident that a risk of conflicting judgments was indeed real,
being satisfied that Malaysia was a natural forum as opposed to this court
which had no substantial connections with the collision or the parties. A
further consideration for present purposes was the plaintiff’s failure to stay
the Malaysian Action. In the course of the hearing of RA 94, the High Court of
Malaya at Malacca concluded (following dismissal of the Malaysian Stay
Application) that it could and should deal with the Malaysian Action. Not only
was there a real risk of conflicting judgments if the two actions were pursued
in different jurisdictions, the court in the jurisdiction where the tort was
committed had decreed it proper and appropriate to continue to exercise
jurisdiction. The Malaysian Action would continue despite the Singapore
Action, and one solution would be to stay the Singapore Action. This approach
is in keeping with the reasoning of Adrian Briggs in _Civil Jurisdiction and
Judgments_ (Informa, London, 5th Ed, 2009) at 455:

If the foreign proceedings will continue despite the existence of the English
proceedings, it may be more appropriate to allow the parties’ rights to be
determined by the foreign court than to create the conditions for a conflict
of judgments by permitting the English proceedings to continue.

(b) Place of the tort

48 The place of commission of the tort is a factor in favour of Malaysia. The
alleged tort was committed within the territorial waters of Malaysia, and the
place of the tort is _prima facie_ the natural and appropriate forum for the
trial of the action, _ie_ , one in which the action could be tried more
suitably for the interests of both parties and the ends of justice (see _The
Spiliada_ at 476).

49 I agreed with Mr Seow that there would be no natural forum if the collision
was in the high seas. The collision occurred in Malaysian territorial waters,
and the place of the tort would not change simply because the vessels’
activities prior to the collision were transient in nature. In this case, the
focus should be on where the cause of action arose – physical damage, a
constituent of the cause of action, was sustained when the vessels collided in
Malaysian territorial waters. Whilst the jurisdiction in which the tort was
committed is normally the forum in which it is just and reasonable for the
wrongdoer to answer for his wrongdoing, this is only a _prima facie_ position.
_The Peng Yan_ cited by Mr Seow adopted the same approach. Ma CJHC said at
[28]:

It is therefore important when applying _The Albaforth_ principle in the
context of _forum non conveniens_ applications, to examine just how close a
connection there really exists with any given _forum_. In some cases, the
place of the commission of the tort may be decisive; in others, perhaps not
weighty at all. The underlying principle to be firmly borne in mind is the
basic test in _The Spiliada_ and _The Adhiguna Meranti_. _The place of the
commission of the tort may in some cases be quite fortuitous and may provide
no more than a convenient starting point or prima facie position. The court is
required to look into more substantial factors in the application of the basic
test._ The present case involved a collision where, quite often, there is no
obvious or natural forum: see _The Spiliada_ at p. 477C-D.

[emphasis added]

50 In this case, the _prima facie_ position was not displaced by the factors
identified by the plaintiff. The decision of the Malaysia’s court to exercise
jurisdiction constituted a further consideration against Singapore being the
more appropriate forum. In other words, the outcome of the Malaysian Stay
Application (and until the decision is reversed on appeal), was a factor which
I had to bear in mind when exercising the court’s discretion whether to stay
the Singapore Action.

(c) Considerations of Comity

51 Considerations of comity have been applied in our local cases (see
[21]-[22] above). I also found the decision of the Canadian Supreme Court in
_Amchem Products_ instructive. Although _Amchem Products_ is concerned with
the granting of anti-suit injunctions, it has been cited frequently in Canada
for its enunciation of the principles of _forum non conveniens_ in stay of
proceedings and pronouncements on the role of international comity. In
particular, I found persuasive the Canadian Supreme Court’s holding to respect
the decision by the foreign court, applying the same _forum non conveniens_
principles (this was common ground), on the place of trial (at 931-932):

... the domestic court as a matter of comity must take cogni[s]ance of the
fact that the foreign court has assumed jurisdiction. If, applying the
principles relating to _forum non conveniens_ outlined above, the foreign
court could reasonably have concluded that there was no alternative forum that
was clearly more appropriate, the domestic court should respect that decision
and the application should be dismissed. ...

52 It is common ground that _The Spiliada_ principles are applicable in
Malaysia. That the Malaysian court, applying _forum non conveniens_
principles, refused to stay the Malaysian Action and decided that Malaysia
would be the more appropriate forum to resolve the dispute between the parties
is a weighty consideration. Added to this is my own view that Malaysia was a
natural forum. Therefore, a stay of the Singapore Action would avoid the
inconvenience and expenses of two trials and the risk of conflicting
judgments.

Spilidia: Stage 2

53 At the end of Stage 1, I was left with no doubt that Malaysia was clearly a
more appropriate forum than this court. This brings me to Stage 2.

54 Mr Seow was unable to point to any personal or juridical advantage in which
the plaintiff would be deprived of if this court granted a stay of the
Singapore Action. In written submissions, Mr Seow argued that the dichotomy
between the two limitation regimes would leave the plaintiff disadvantaged if
the Singapore Action was stayed for Malaysia’s domestic law gave effect to the
1957 Convention. In other words, the plaintiff’s claim would be subject to the
lower 1957 limits of liability. This line of argument would invariably draw
this court to make comparisons between the merit of the statutory limits in
Singapore and Malaysian. I cannot be drawn into making comparisons between the
laws of this country and that of another friendly state to do justice in such
cases.

55 Second, the fact that the law in the alternative forum may be less
favourable to the plaintiff does not necessarily justify a dismissal of the
stay application on ground of _forum non conveniens._ As stated, the existence
of different limitation regimes is not considered a personal or juridical
advantage under Stage 2.

56 Mr Mohan referred me to my decision in _Evergreen_ _International SA v
Volkswagen Group Singapore Pte Ltd_ [2004] 2 SLR (R) 457 (“ _Evergreen
International_ ”) which was upheld on appeal. Although it is a case on anti-
suit injunction, it is instructive both in terms of admiralty action _in rem_
and international comity. It is convenient and expedient to refer to some
paragraphs of the judgment:

62 [A]s Rix J in _Caspian Basin_ acknowledged, the 1957 Convention is not an
unjust regime and jurisdictions which adhere to that system are not less
civilised for doing so. The fact that s 136 Merchant Shipping Act provides for
1957 limit may well be a disadvantage to the defendants in Singapore, but it
cannot be properly termed an injustice. Selvam J in _The Owners of the Ship or
Vessel Ming Galaxy v The Owners of the Ship or Vessel or Property Herceg Novi_
[1998] SGHC 303 9 [(“ _The Herceg Novi_ ”)], when asked to stay a Singapore
action for London where a higher limit is available in England, made the
following observations which are similarly relevant to the present case on
anti-suit injunction:

Then comes the question of substantial justice. This is based on the high
limitation fund under English law. The defendants say that if the Singapore
action continues they will be deprived of the higher limitation fund under
English legislation. ...

_The true meaning and effect of the defendants’ submission based on the
question of substantial justice is that something is lacking in the system of
justice of Singapore as regards limitation of liability. I am not aware of a
decision anywhere whereby a court has stayed an action legitimately brought
before it on the ground that there is something wanting in its system of
justice and that better justice will be done in another jurisdiction. For my
part it would be wrong in principle to do so because I cannot accept that the
law of Singapore is unjust to either party. As the Singapore legislature had
deemed it just [to] retain the lower limitation when there is no actual fault
or privity this Court must give effect to that legislation and the merits of
that legislation are not justiciable before this Court. ..._

[emphasis added]

63 Arising out of the incident in Singapore, the owners of _Herceg Novi_
separately commenced proceedings in England. A sister ship of the _Ming
Galaxy_ was arrested in England. The English Court of Appeal in [_The Herceg
Novi_ (UK)] stayed the English proceedings for Singapore. It did not accept
that there was juridical advantage for three reasons. Firstly, the 1976
Convention was not universally accepted. Secondly, the International Maritime
Organisation, which commended the 1976 Convention to the international
community, was not a legislature and thirdly, it was quite impossible to say
that substantial justice was not available in Singapore. The plaintiffs’
preference (like the defendants here) for 1976 limit had no greater
justification than for the 1957 regime. The Court of Appeal held that whilst
the 1976 Convention provided a greater degree of certainty, in terms of
abstract justice, neither Convention was objectively more just that the other.

57 At the time Selvam J decided _The Herceg Novi_ , Singapore applied the 1957
Convention, and this was the position under Singapore law until the law was
amended to pass into domestic legislation the 1976 Convention with effect from
1 May 2005. Even though the situation is now reversed, it would be a strange
result if this court did not arrive at the same conclusion.

Conclusion

58 Since I formed the view that the litigation between the parties to this
action arising out of the collision could be more appropriately tried in
Malaysia and that the plaintiff would suffer no juridical disadvantage from a
trial in Malaysia, the justice of the case therefore demanded that the
Singapore Action be stayed.

59 I accordingly ordered a stay of the Singapore Action. The following orders
were made:

(a) Appeal allowed on condition that defendant provides the plaintiff with
equivalent security to answer any judgment which the plaintiff may obtain
against the defendant in Malaysia. For avoidance of doubt equivalent security
means the same security that the plaintiff had secured by way of arrest of the
_Reecon Wolf_ in Singapore.

(b) Liberty to apply to both parties.

(c) Costs of appeal and below to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Esinduy’s 1st affidavit at para 13(iii) & (iv)

[note: 2]Paul Martin’s 2nd Affidavit at para 34

[note: 3]3rd Affidavit of Arun A/L Krishnalingam at para 6.1

[note: 4]Ms Selvaratnam’s 1stAffidavit at paras 11-13

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

