Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd and others _v_ Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin  
[2012] SGCA 31

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 28 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eu Hai Meng (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the
appellants; Mohamed Mohideen and Cheah Saing Chong (Yeo Perumal Mohideen Law
Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Poh Huat Heng Corp Pte Ltd and others — Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin  
  
25 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the High Court in Registrar’s
Appeal No 260 of 2010 (“RA 260/2010”), where the judge (“the Judge”) dismissed
the appeal by the appellants (“the Appellants”) against the award made by an
assistant registrar (“the AR”) following an assessment of damages for the
injuries sustained by the respondent (“the Respondent”) as a result of an
industrial accident which occurred on 21 August 2008 (“the Accident”). For
convenience, the assessment of damages before the AR will hereafter be
referred to as “the assessment hearing”.

Background

2 The Respondent, Hafizul Islam Kofil Uddin, is a Bangladeshi national.[note:
0] The first appellant, Poh Huat Heng Corporation Pte Ltd, is the Respondent’s
employer.[note: 1] Although the exact relationship between the Respondent and
the second and third appellants (Hua Liong Machinery & Trading Pte Ltd and
Viscas Engineering Singapore Pte Ltd respectively) is far from clear, it is
not material and nothing turns on it as the Appellants consented to an
interlocutory judgment in favour of the Respondent for damages to be assessed
with liability apportioned at 90% against the Appellants and 10% against the
Respondent. Furthermore, the consent interlocutory judgment ordered that the
liability of the Appellants was to be joint and several.[note: 2]

3 On 21 August 2008, the Respondent was laying cables at a Mass Rapid Transit
worksite at Woodlands Avenue 3, Singapore, when a bag of cement fell on his
back. As a result, he suffered an injury to his spine which resulted in
paraplegia.[note: 3] At the time of the Accident, the Respondent was 27 years
of age (having been born on 2 June 1981).

4 The Respondent now suffers from the following permanent disabilities:[note:
4]

(a) paralysis of his lower limbs, with the effect that he is permanently
wheelchair-bound;

(b) absence of sensation below the groin and absence of control over his
bowels and bladder (which necessitates catheterisation several times a day for
urination);

(c) erectile dysfunction; and

(d) infertility.

5 After a period of hospitalisation and treatment in Singapore, on 17 January
2009, the Respondent returned to Bangladesh.[note: 5] He remained home-bound
until 2 November 2009, when he enrolled himself in a nursing home in Dhaka,
Bangladesh.[note: 6]

The Respondent’s pleaded claims in damages

6 On 19 March 2009, the Respondent commenced an action against the Appellants
claiming damages on account of the injuries which he had suffered. In the
action, he claimed the following:[note: 7]

(a) Special damages:

(i) loss of earnings at $874 per month from 21 August 2008 to 20 December 2008
and continuing thereafter at $874 per month up to the date of the trial;

(ii) cost of wheelchairs and various aids and appliances up to the date of the
trial; and

(iii) medical and transport expenses up to the date of the trial.[note: 8]

(b) General damages:

(i) damages for pain and suffering and loss of amenities;

(ii) loss of future earnings and/or future earning capacity;

(iii) cost of future medical expenses; and

(iv) cost of future transport expenses.

The award made by the AR

7 As liability was agreed and interlocutory judgment entered (see [2] above),
an assessment of damages (_viz_ , the assessment hearing as defined at [1]
above) was carried out by the AR, who rendered a total award of $1,001,750.80
(based on 100% liability before apportionment), consisting of the
following:[note: 9]

(a) Special damages (by consent) of $26,268.30 (comprising $10,868.95 for pre-
trial medical expenses and $15,399.35 for pre-trial loss of income).

(b) General damages for the following:

(i) $166,000 for pain and suffering and loss of amenities (comprising $160,000
for pain and suffering, and $6,000 for loss of marriage prospects);

(ii) $127,200 for loss of future income;

(iii) $32,400 for future transport costs;

(iv) $212,150.88 for future nursing care and nursing home expenses;

(v) $47,731.68 for future expenses on diapers and catheters; and

(vi) $390,000 for future medical expenses.

We should add here that the AR’s award for future medical expenses was in
respect of the Respondent’s future medical expenses in Bangladesh as the
Respondent has returned to that country and is now living there. The
references hereafter to the Respondent’s claim for future medical expenses and
the award for this item should thus be understood in this light.

8 Both the Appellants and the Respondent appealed against the AR’s award (via
RA 260/2010 and Registrar’s Appeal No 263 of 2010 (“RA 263/2010”)
respectively).[note: 10] The Judge dismissed both appeals and did not issue
any written grounds.

The arguments raised on appeal

9 Before us now is an appeal by the Appellants against the Judge’s decision in
RA 260/2010. The Appellants have essentially raised two main lines of
argument. First, they contend that the Judge erred in taking the view that he
could only intervene if the AR was shown to have erred in law.[note: 11]
Second, the Appellants challenge the general damages assessed by the AR in
respect of the following heads of claim (“the disputed heads of claim”):[note:
12]

(a) pain and suffering and loss of amenities;

(b) loss of future earnings;

(c) future medical expenses; and

(d) future transport expenses, future nursing care and nursing home expenses
as well as future expenses on diapers and catheters (referred to hereafter as
“future transport and care expenses” for short).

10 The Respondent submits that the Judge did not err in his approach.[note:
13] He also seeks to support each of the awards made by the AR in respect of
the disputed heads of claim. In this regard, the Respondent has highlighted
the fact that some of these awards were premised on an agreement between the
parties following concessions or suggestions made by the Appellants’ counsel
at the assessment hearing.

11 We heard oral arguments for the appeal on 28 July 2011. The hearing was
then adjourned for the parties to file further submissions on various issues.

12 On 19 September 2011, the Respondent filed Summons No 4149 of 2011 (“SUM
4149/2011”) for leave to bring a cross-appeal out of time against the award
made in respect of special damages, which (as noted at [7(a)] above) had been
made _by consent_ , and the award made in respect of general damages. We heard
SUM 4149/2011 on 16 January 2012 and dismissed it with costs fixed at $500 to
be paid by the Respondent to the Appellants.

The issues before this court

13 In the present appeal, the following issues arise for this court’s
consideration:

(a) Did the Judge err in the approach which he adopted in dealing with the
Appellants’ appeal in RA 260/2010 (“Issue 1”)?

(b) Can the Appellants make submissions which are inconsistent with an
agreement reached before the AR on certain facts which were to be used as the
basis for assessing damages (“Issue 2”)?

(c) Should any of the awards made by the AR in respect of the disputed heads
of claim (as set out above at [9]) be varied (“Issue 3”)?

We will address each of these issues in turn in the discussion which follows.

Our decision

Issue 1: Did the Judge err in the approach which he adopted in RA 260/2010?

14 With regard to Issue 1, the applicable law was pronounced by this court in
_Chang Ah Lek and others v Lim Ah Koon_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 551 at [14] and
[20]–[21], where it held that a High Court judge hearing an appeal against an
assistant registrar’s decision on an assessment of damages:

(a) was not limited by the rule that appellate interference was only warranted
where the assistant registrar had erred on a matter of principle, had
misapprehended the facts or had, for other reasons, made a wholly erroneous
estimate of the damages; and

(b) was entitled to vary the assistant registrar’s award as he deemed fair and
just.

Reference may also be made to _Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen_ [1999] 1 SLR(R)
1068 (where this court held that the position of a High Court judge hearing an
appeal against an assistant registrar’s award of damages “[was] _not_ like
that of an appellate court hearing an appeal from a decision of a trial judge”
[emphasis added] (at [14]), in that the High Court judge “deal[t] with [the]
appeal from the [assistant] registrar ‘as though the matter came before him
for the first time’” (at [15])) and _Singapore Airlines Ltd v Tan Shwu Leng_
[2001] 3 SLR(R) 439 at [24] (where this court held that the High Court judge
was entitled to enhance the assistant registrar’s award for pre-trial loss of
earnings).

15 As noted above at [8], the Judge did not issue any written grounds of
decision in respect of RA 260/2010 and RA 263/2010. We note that in the
certified transcript of the hearing notes for these two appeals, the Judge
merely recorded the Appellants’ counsel as having submitted on two occasions
that he was not arguing that the AR had erred in law.[note: 14] On the face of
the certified transcript, the Judge did not indicate that the reason for his
dismissal of both appeals was his belief that the AR had not erred in law. The
certified transcript only attributes the Judge as having said:[note: 15]

CT:Both appeals dismissed.

No order as to costs.

Nothing was indicated as to the approach which the Judge took. In the
circumstances, it is not possible for this court to determine whether the
Judge did in fact adopt an incorrect approach in reaching his decision.
Therefore, we are unable to agree with the Appellants that a wrong approach
had in fact been taken by the Judge in RA 260/2010.

16 We note that this court in _Thong Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 1 SLR
676 expounded on the judicial duty to give reasons (reference may also be made
to _Loh Sioh Hon (administratrix of the estate of Chiam_ _Heok Yong, deceased)
v Loh Siok Moey_ [2012] SGCA 14 at [15]). The Appellants did not, however,
argue that the Judge’s decision in RA 260/2010 should be set aside on the
ground that the Judge did not provide his reasons for dismissing the appeal.

Issue 2: Can the Appellants make submissions which are inconsistent with an
agreement reached before the AR on certain facts which were to be used as the
basis for assessing damages?

17 We turn now to Issue 2. The point which the Respondent seeks to make in
this regard is that the Appellants should not be allowed, in this appeal, to
take a stand which is inconsistent with their position before the AR. The
Respondent has alluded in his written case to the existence of an agreement
reached before the AR on certain facts which were to be used as the basis for
assessing damages.[note: 16] The certified transcript of the assessment
hearing appears to support the Respondent’s contention that in some areas, the
parties reached or seemed to have reached an agreement which formed the basis
upon which the AR was to assess damages in respect of these heads of claim:

(a) the cost of future medical expenses;

(b) loss of future income, in terms of the multiplicand to be used for
determining the appropriate amount to award; and

(c) loss of marriage prospects.

The applicable law

18 There are two possible bases upon which the Appellants can be precluded
from opening up an issue which they consented or agreed to before the AR. Much
would necessarily depend on what exactly was consented to or agreed upon, and
its context. _First_ , the agreement between the parties could constitute a
consent order. It is well established that a judgment or order obtained by
consent is final and can form the basis for the application of the doctrine of
_res_ _judicata_ (see K R Handley, _Spencer Bower and Handley: Res_ _Judicata_
(LexisNexis, 4th Ed, 2009) at para 2.16). A consent judgment or consent order
is binding and cannot be set aside save for exceptional reasons (see the High
Court decision of _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v Drew & Napier and another_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 252 (“ _Wiltopps_ ”) at [27] (an appeal to the Court of Appeal against
the High Court’s decision was dismissed without any written grounds being
issued (see the editorial note to _Wiltopps_)) and _Bakery Mart Pte Ltd v Ng
Wei Teck Michael and others_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 28 (“ _Bakery Mart_ ”) at [11]).
In this regard, we would make one further observation. To constitute a consent
order, there must be a real agreement between the parties, which is to be
contrasted with the scenario where a party merely does not object to a course
of action (see _Siebe Gorman & Co Ltd v Pneupac Ltd_ [1982] 1 WLR 185 at
189F–189G, which was followed in _Wiltopps_ at [18] and _Wellmix Organics
(International) Pte Ltd v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 (“ _Wellmix_ ”) at
[29], and distinguished in _Bakery Mart_ at [13]).

19 The _second_ basis on which the Appellants can be precluded from opening up
an issue which they consented or agreed to before the AR is the principle that
even if the parties to an action are found not to have reached an agreement, a
statement by counsel of one of the parties can constitute an admission. This
is provided for in s 18 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Act”),
which reads as follows:

**Admission by party to proceeding or his agent, by suitor in representative
character, etc.**

**18.** —(1) Statements made by a party to the proceeding _or by an agent to
any such party whom the court regards under the circumstances of the case as
expressly or impliedly authorised by him to make them_ are admissions.

(2) Statements made by parties to suits, suing or sued in a representative
character, are not admissions unless they were made while the party making
them held that character.

(3) Statements made by —

(_a_) persons who have any proprietary or pecuniary interest in the subject-
matter of the proceeding, and who make the statement in their character of
persons so interested; or

(_b_) persons from whom the parties to the suit have derived their interest in
the subject-matter of the suit,

are admissions if they are made during the continuance of the interest of the
persons making the statements.

[emphasis added]

Admissions made by counsel on questions of fact in the course of a trial would
clearly fall within s 18(1) of the Act (see Sudipto Sarkar & V R Manohar,
_Sarkar’s Law of Evidence in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Burma & Ceylon_
(Wadhwa and Company, 16th Ed, 2007) at pp 450–451).

Our analysis

(1) The cost of future medical expenses

20 We now turn to the three areas (see [17] above) in respect of which the
Respondent alleges that there was an agreement between the parties as to the
basis on which the AR was to assess the quantum of damages. The first area
relates to the cost of future medical expenses. In their submissions to this
court, the Appellants have not referred to any agreement on this head of
claim. Instead, they argue that the award for this head of claim, which the AR
assessed at $390,000, ought to be assessed based on a multiplicand of $466.33
per month with a multiplier of 14 years.[note: 17] On the Appellants’
submission, the award for future medical expenses would be fixed at a much
lower sum of $78,343.44.

21 It is critical to consider what exactly the Appellants agreed to at the
assessment hearing. The Respondent was not able to call a doctor from the
hospital in Bangladesh at which he had been receiving treatment (“Apollo
Hospital”) to testify at the assessment hearing due to the policy
considerations of the hospital (apparently, Apollo Hospital has a policy of
not permitting its specialists to involve themselves in any legal proceedings
concerning its patients).[note: 18] Instead, two Singapore specialist doctors,
Dr Adela Tow (“Dr Tow”) and Dr I Swaminathan (“Dr Swami”), were called to
testify. Dr Tow estimated that if the Respondent were to receive treatment in
Singapore, his future medical expenses would cost between $500,000 and
$600,000. The certified transcript of the assessment hearing shows that the
parties agreed that the award for future medical expenses was to be computed
based on the estimated figures provided by Dr Tow (“Dr Tow’s Rates”), with a
35% discount (as suggested by Dr Swami) applied to those figures. The
following extract of the certified transcript is germane in this regard:[note:
19]

(_6_) _Future medical expenses_

D/C: …

Looking at the evidence adduced, in terms of the medical care rates used in
Bangladesh, the hospital in question is Apollo [H]ospital. The evidence from
Dr Swami is that Apollo [H]ospital was [a] premier hospital in Bangladesh. It
does not approximate to B1 rates. Also, we do not have enough evidence on the
rates chargeable in Bangladesh. The main evidence we have in this case is the
evidence of Dr Tow and Dr Swami – Dr Tow’s estimation is $500,000–$600,000,
and Dr Swami’s evidence for Bangladesh overall, is that a discount of 35%
should be given from Singapore rates, generally speaking.

P/C:We are accepting that part of Dr Swami’s evidence.

D/C: _We are therefore submitting that for this head, it should [be] what Dr
Tow has stated, minus the 35% discount as given by Dr Swami._

Ct: _But the Plaintiffs_ [_ie_ , the Respondent] _are prepared to go along
with this approach?_

P/C: _Yes_.

D/C: _So the figure is $320–$390,000 in total, for future medical expenses._

[emphasis added]

This extract shows that the Appellants’ counsel (denoted as “D/C” above)
proposed to use the evidence of the Singapore doctors (_ie_ , Dr Tow and Dr
Swami) to arrive at the figure for the cost of the Respondent’s future medical
expenses in view of the lack of evidence on the future medical costs likely to
be incurred by the Respondent in Bangladesh. The AR asked the Respondent’s
counsel (denoted as “P/C” above) if she agreed, to which she replied in the
affirmative. The Respondent’s counsel then stated the range of discounted
figures within which the court was to make its decision (incidentally, the
Respondent’s counsel made an error in calculating the lower end of the range:
the relevant figure should have been $325,000). More importantly, when the AR
delivered her oral judgment, she recorded that both the Appellants’ counsel
and the Respondent’s counsel were “prepared to go along with Dr Tow[’s] and Dr
Swami’s evidence”.[note: 20] The AR then selected the upper end of Dr Tow’s
Rates (_ie_ , $600,000) and applied a discount of 35% to that figure.[note:
21]

22 As we see it, the exchange between counsel quoted at [21] above was, in
substance, an agreement between the parties to rely on the Singapore doctors’
evidence instead of having a Bangladeshi doctor testify on the Respondent’s
likely future medical expenses. This agreement was recorded by the AR, and
therefore amounted to a consent order. It is not open to the Appellants to now
challenge that agreement in this appeal. Admittedly, a consent order may be
set aside on ordinary contract law principles such as mistake (see _Wellmix_
at [10]). However, on the basis of the above extract, there is nothing to
suggest that the Appellants’ counsel made a mistake in submitting that the
award for future medical expenses should be based on “what Dr Tow … stated,
minus the 35% discount as given by Dr Swami”.[note: 22] In their further
submissions dated 3 January 2012 for this appeal, the Appellants have argued
that they agreed to Dr Tow’s Rates under a mistake in that those rates had not
been discounted to account for accelerated receipt of a lump sum and
contingencies.[note: 23] This seems to us to be clearly an afterthought.

23 In any event, even without relying on the admission made by the Appellants’
counsel at the assessment hearing or the fact of the consent order mentioned
at [22] above, if this court were to examine the AR’s award for future medical
expenses in the light of the evidence presented, we do not think that the
award can be considered to be wrong or manifestly excessive. This will be
addressed later at [63]–[68] below.

(2) The multiplicand to be used for determining the award for loss of future
earnings

24 In respect of his claim for loss of future earnings, the Respondent
testified before the AR that if not for the Accident, he would have continued
to work in Singapore as a skilled worker.[note: 24] He further testified that
if he could not work in Singapore, he would have gone to work in Saudi Arabia
where, he claimed, there was a high demand for skilled workers.[note: 25] In
the worst-case scenario, the Respondent testified, he would have returned home
to Bangladesh to work.[note: 26] On the basis of this evidence, the Respondent
submitted before the AR that the award for loss of future earnings should be
divided into two portions, a Singapore portion and a Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia
portion.[note: 27]

25 In this appeal, the Appellants are arguing that in determining the
appropriate multiplicand in respect of each of the above two portions, the
expenses which the Respondent would likely have incurred to earn his future
income should be subtracted.[note: 28] On this basis, they submit that the
multiplicand for the Singapore portion should be the sum of $650 per month and
that for the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion should be the sum of $350 per
month.[note: 29]

26 However, we note that before the AR, the Appellants’ counsel was recorded
as having submitted that he “w[ould] not be disput[ing]”[note: 30] the
multiplicands put forth by the Respondent’s counsel for the loss of future
earnings award (_viz_ , $800 per month for the Singapore portion and $500 per
month for the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion).[note: 31] Similar to the
situation in regard to the cost of future medical expenses, in her oral
judgment, the AR stated that “[t]he [Appellants] accepts [_sic_] the
multiplicand[s] submitted by the [Respondent]”.[note: 32]

27 What should be the correct view of the above statement by the Appellants’
counsel before the AR that the Appellants would “not be disput[ing]”[note: 33]
the multiplicands put forth by the Respondent? While the phrase “not …
disput[ing]”[note: 34] is not as positive as “agree” or “accept”, we find that
in the present context, its true sense amounts to the Appellants agreeing to
the multiplicands proposed by the Respondent, bearing in mind that the
Appellants did not adduce any evidence to counter the figures put forth by the
Respondent. That was also the understanding of the AR as she recorded that the
Appellants _accepted_ the multiplicands submitted by the Respondent. In any
event, even assuming that we do not construe the phrase “not …
disput[ing]”[note: 35] as amounting to an agreement, we do not see how the
AR’s acceptance of the Respondent’s evidence on the applicable multiplicands
can be challenged and held to be wrong when there was no evidence which showed
that a different finding should have been made.

(3) Loss of marriage prospects

28 With regard to the Respondent’s claim for loss of marriage prospects (which
the AR dealt with as part of the claim for loss of amenities), the Appellants’
argument in this appeal is that the award of $6,000 for this head of claim
should be disallowed because “there is an even chance as to the [Respondent]’s
marriage prospect[s]”.[note: 36] We note, however, that before the AR, the
Appellants’ counsel had said that it was “fair to have such an award [_ie_ ,
an award for loss of marriage prospects]”[note: 37] and had proceeded to
submit a figure of $6,000 for this head of claim.[note: 38]

29 As the Appellants’ counsel had said at the assessment hearing that it was
“fair”[note: 39] to make an award for loss of marriage prospects and as the
figure of $6,000 for this head of claim came from the Appellants, it would be
reasonable to infer that as far as the Appellants were concerned, in the
circumstances, it was justifiable for the Respondent to claim for this item
and $6,000 was a fair quantum to award for it. In the light of these
admissions by the Appellants, we do not think they should now be allowed to
re-open issues relating to this head of claim. In passing, we would also add
that even if we do not interpret the statement “fair to have such an
award”[note: 40] to mean what we have just held, on the evidence, it is clear
that the AR was correct to have made an award for loss of marriage prospects
(see [37] below).

Summary of our ruling on Issue 2

30 In summary, in relation to Issue (2), we hold that the Appellants are
precluded from challenging: (a) the award for future medical expenses; (b) the
multiplicands applied by the AR in determining the award for loss of future
income; and (c) the award for loss of marriage prospects. However, _vis-à-vis_
the quantum awarded by the AR for loss of future income, the Appellants are
not precluded from arguing how the _multiplier_ should be divided between the
Singapore portion and the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion of what would have
been the remainder of the Respondent’s working life if not for the Accident.

Issue 3: Should any of the awards for the disputed heads of claim be varied?

31 Turning now to Issue 3, as stated at [9] above, the Appellants are
challenging the awards made by the AR in respect of the following heads of
claim (_viz_ , the disputed heads of claim as defined at [9] above):

(a) pain and suffering and loss of amenities;

(b) loss of future earnings;

(c) future medical expenses; and

(d) future transport and care expenses (as defined at [9(d)] above).

Where the claim for future medical expenses is concerned, although the
Appellants are precluded, in the light of our ruling at [22] above, from re-
opening the award made for this item, in the interests of completeness, we
will still examine the award (at [63]–[68] below) to show that on the
evidence, it is not excessive.

Pain and suffering and loss of amenities

(1) Pain and suffering

32 In its recent decision in _Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai Ling (by her next
friend, Chua Wee Bee)_ [2011] 3 SLR 610 (“ _Koh Chai Kwang_ ”), this court
accepted that there are two approaches to assessing what is a fair and
reasonable award for pain and suffering, namely:

(a) a global approach, which involves making a global award for all the
injuries and disabilities suffered by the plaintiff (as in _Koh Chai Kwang_ ,
where a global award was given for the plaintiff’s head injuries); and

(b) a component approach, which involves making separate awards for different
heads of injuries and disabilities (see, for example, _Chai Kang Wei Samuel v
Shaw Linda Gillian_ [2010] 3 SLR 587 (“ _Shaw Linda Gillian (CA)_ ”) at
[44]–[50], where a component approach was adopted in assessing the damages to
be awarded for the plaintiff’s head injuries).

33 In the present case, the AR adopted the global approach in assessing
damages for pain and suffering because of the nature of the Respondent’s
injuries.[note: 41] The Appellants are not arguing that the AR was wrong in
adopting that approach. Instead, their contention is that the award of
$160,000 for this head of claim is excessive and should be reduced to
$130,000.[note: 42] The Respondent, on the other hand, points out that the
award of $160,000 was in fact on the low side when compared with awards made
in other similar cases.[note: 43]

34 In our view, the Appellants’ arguments against the AR’s award for pain and
suffering have no merit. Apart from the authorities referred to by the
Respondent, the figure of $160,000 does not appear to be excessive when
compared with the awards made in cases adopting the global approach where
severe injuries were sustained by the plaintiff. The following extract from
_Practitioners’ Library – Assessment of Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal
Accidents_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2005) (“ _Practitioners’ Library_ ”) at para
5-23 is pertinent in this regard:

The global approach is sometimes used in cases where the accumulated effects
of the injuries to the plaintiff are extremely severe, even though the
injuries are to different parts or functions of the body. The cases below
illustrate this point:

(a) _Ng Song Leng v Soh Kim Seng Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd & Anor_ [1997]
SGHC 289. A global award of _$160,000_ was made by Lai Kew Chai J in respect
of injuries to the 5th and 6th cervical vertebrae and a head injury, which
left the plaintiff with tetraplegia and bowel dysfunction.

(b) _Cheng Chay_ _Choo v Wong Meng Tuck & Anor_ [1992] SGHC 133. K S Rajah JC
awarded _$120,000_ for injuries to the vertebra, neck and ribs (which left the
plaintiff a paraplegic), and loss of expectation of life.

(c) _Lim Yee Ming v Ubin Lagoon Resort Pte Ltd & Ors_ [2003] SGHC 134. Lai Kew
Chai J made a global award of _$130,000_ for the plaintiff who suffered
fractures of the 4th to 9th ribs, a fracture dislocation of the T8 vertebra
and a burst fracture of the T12 vertebra, which resulted in lower limb
paralysis with loss of sexual function, bladder and bowel dysfunction.

(d) _Koh Soon Pheng v Tan Kah Eng_ [2003] 2 SLR 538. Judith Prakash J did not
vary the award of _$108,000_ in respect of serious injuries to the wrists,
left clavicle, right humerus, one rib, deep lacerations and abrasions in right
shin and right forearm, and one foot. The plaintiff also suffered from a
concussion.

[emphasis added]

Comparatively, the injuries suffered by the plaintiffs in _Cheng Chay_ _Choo v
Wong Meng Tuck & Anor_ [1992] SGHC 133 and _Koh Soon Pheng v Tan Kah Eng_
[2003] 2 SLR(R) 538 were certainly less severe than those suffered by the
Respondent here. Closer to the present case are the other two precedents
referred to in the extract above, where the awards were $160,000 and $130,000
respectively. We thus affirm the AR’s award of $160,000 for pain and
suffering.

(2) Loss of amenities in terms of loss of marriage prospects

35 _Vis-à-vis_ the award for loss of marriage prospects, which (as mentioned
at [28] above) was dealt with by the AR as part of the claim for loss of
amenities, we stated earlier (at [29] above) that even if this court were to
find that there was no admission on the part of the Appellants that it was
“fair”[note: 44] to make an award for loss of marriage prospects, the AR was
justified to award $6,000 for this item.

36 In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief dated 19 January 2010, the Respondent
deposed that prior to the Accident, he had been engaged to be married. After
the Accident, his fiancée’s parents decided to call off the marriage even
though his fiancée was keen to proceed with the marriage.[note: 45] The
Respondent, however, expressed a “hope”[note: 46] that his fiancée’s parents
would permit the marriage “one day”.[note: 47] During cross-examination, the
Respondent was questioned on the chances of his former fiancée marrying him.
He answered that he estimated his chances at 50:50.[note: 48] The AR, having
heard his testimony, held that she was “satisfied”[note: 49] that the
Respondent had proved, on the evidence, that he had lost his marriage
prospects.[note: 50]

37 It is true that the Respondent estimated that there was a 50% chance that
his ex-fiancée’s parents might well change their minds and agree to his
marrying his ex-fiancée. We must bear in mind that the Respondent had been
engaged to be married prior to the Accident. Marriage was clearly on the cards
and it was just a matter of time. However, according to the Respondent, after
the Accident, he heard from his friends that his former fiancée’s parents were
adamant that the marriage was not to take place.[note: 51] Having regard to
the Respondent’s physical state after the Accident, it is not difficult to
understand the position taken by the parents of his ex-fiancée. If the
Respondent’s ex-fiancée were to proceed to marry the Respondent, she would, to
all intents and purposes, be not a wife, but a lifetime maid to him. In our
view, the Respondent’s estimate of a 50% chance of eventually being able to
marry his ex-fiancée is no more than wishful thinking on his part.
Objectively, we are unable to disagree with the AR’s finding that the
Respondent has lost his marriage prospects. In this regard, we draw attention
to the Respondent’s uncontradicted oral evidence that his marriage had been
well in sight prior to the Accident, but that prospect was lost as a result of
the Accident. What the Respondent now has is no more than a hope of eventually
marrying his ex-fiancée. To award him nothing for the loss of his marriage
prospects just because of the dimness of his hope would be harsh and
unreasonable.

Loss of future earnings

38 We now move on to consider the claim relating to loss of future earnings.
The method of assessing damages for such loss was recently enunciated by this
court in the following manner (see _Koh Chai Kwang_ at [37]):

Normally, damages on the basis of LFE [loss of future earnings] are awarded
when the injured party is unable to go back to his pre-accident employment and
has to take on a lower paying job. _In such a case, the loss will be
calculated based on a_ _multiplier_ _and a multiplicand, the multiplicand
being the monthly loss in pay and the multiplier_ _being the appropriate
period over which to compute the loss._ In contrast, where the injured party
does not suffered [_sic_] an immediate wage reduction (_eg_ , due to the
compassion of the then employer: see [_Smith v Manchester Corporation_ (1974)
17 KIR 1]) but there is a risk that he may lose that employment at some point
in the future and he may, as a result of his injury, be at a disadvantage in
getting another job or getting an equally well-paid job in the open market,
then the LEC [loss of earning capacity] would be the correct basis to
compensate him for the loss. [emphasis added]

39 In this case, as the Respondent, due to his injuries, is no longer
employable, his loss of future earnings is total. The issues which need to be
addressed are the appropriate quantum to adopt as the multiplicand and the
appropriate number of years to use as the multiplier. In relation to the
multiplicand, as alluded to earlier (see [25] above), the Appellants’
contention is that the Respondent’s expenses should be deducted from his
likely future income (if not for the Accident) in determining the
multiplicand.[note: 52] As regards the multiplier, the Appellants say that the
appropriate number of years is 14 and not 17 as applied by the AR.[note: 53]

40 In their further written submissions dated 3 January 2012, the Appellants,
after an extensive discussion of various local authorities, submit that the
Singapore courts should determine the multiplier for a loss of future earnings
award based on the remainder of the plaintiff’s _working life_ (taking into
account, _inter alia_ , his age, nationality, nature of occupation, the
retirement age and medical evidence), with an appropriate discount for
accelerated receipt of a lump sum and the vicissitudes of life.[note: 54] The
Appellants also argue that based on local case law, other considerations which
may be generally relevant in determining the multiplier include the
plaintiff’s health and education, the rates of return on investments and
employment patterns.[note: 55] The court may also consider “splitting” the
multiplier in the case of plaintiffs who are foreign workers. This involves
using one multiplier for the foreign worker’s future income from working in
Singapore and another multiplier for his future income from working in his
home country.[note: 56]

41 As far as the multiplicand is concerned, we have at [27] above highlighted
the fact that the Appellants had, at the assessment hearing, agreed to the
multiplicands put forward by the Respondent, namely, $800 per month and $500
per month in respect of the Singapore portion and the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia
portion respectively of what would have been the Respondent’s remaining
working life if not for the Accident (see [26] above). In view of that
agreement, we do not think that the Appellants should now be permitted to re-
open this issue. In any case, as the Respondent has pointed out, the certified
transcript of the assessment hearing reveals that the aforesaid multiplicands
were derived _after_ taking into consideration the Respondent’s expenses in
addition to the food and transport provided for separately by his employer
(_viz_ , the first appellant).[note: 57] What remains to be considered is
therefore the appropriate multiplier, and how that multiplier should be split
between the Singapore portion and the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion
respectively of the loss of future earnings award.

(1) Principles for determining the multiplier

42 Pursuant to the request of this court, the parties did further research on
the approaches taken in other common law jurisdictions (namely, England and
Wales, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Hong Kong and Malaysia) in determining
the multiplier to be used for assessing damages in personal injury cases, and
have helpfully described these approaches. A comparative analysis of these
approaches will be made below (at [48]–[52]). In summary, the Appellants
submit that although the Commonwealth courts take different approaches in
determining the appropriate multiplier, they all invariably take into account
“the [plaintiff’s] age, health/mortality, education, nature of occupation,
retirement ages, rates of return, medical evidence and whether the plaintiff
is a local or [a] foreign worker”.[note: 58]

43 The Respondent, on his part, submits that the high inflation rate in
Bangladesh should also be taken into account in determining the multiplier
because inflation affects the real rate of return on investments.[note: 59]

44 The Respondent also refers to the approach in the UK, where actuarial
tables are used in determining multipliers (see below at [49]–[51]).[note: 60]
He submits, however, that it is not practical to adopt those tables because
they were formulated in the light of the circumstances prevailing in the
UK.[note: 61]

45 The Respondent has further referred to the multipliers used in various
foreign cases.[note: 62] In the light of these foreign precedents as well as
local precedents,[note: 63] the Respondent submits that the multiplier of 17
years adopted by the AR and approved by the Judge (who dismissed the
Appellants’ appeal in RA 260/2010) cannot be regarded as excessive, and that
in fact, a multiplier higher than 18 years would be warranted.

(A) Relevant factors in determining the multiplier

46 It is common ground between the parties that the task of the court in
assessing damages in personal injury cases is to arrive at a lump sum which
represents as nearly as possible full compensation for the injuries which the
plaintiff has suffered. This means that an award for loss of future income
should, as far as reasonably possible, provide the plaintiff with the income
that he would have earned but for the accident which caused his injuries
(referred to hereafter as “the accident” for short). Therefore, the starting
point for determining the appropriate multiplier must be the likely duration,
after the trial, for which the plaintiff would have been expected to earn an
income but for the accident (see the decision of the Privy Council in _Lai Wee
Lian v Singapore Bus Service (1978) Ltd_ [1983–1984] SLR(R) 388 (“ _Lai Wee
Lian_ ”) at [20]). The underlying objective in fixing the multiplier is to
derive a final award that provides the plaintiff with _full compensation_ to
the nearest extent possible (see the House of Lords decision of _Wells v Wells
and other appeals_ [1999] 1 AC 345 (“ _Wells_ ”) at 363).

47 The duration for which the plaintiff would have been expected to earn an
income if not for the accident must, however, be discounted to account for
three contingent factors so that the plaintiff will not be over-compensated
(see _Wells_ at 364–365 and 372):

(a) _First_ , the plaintiff might well have stopped working for reasons other
than the accident (see also _Lai Wee Lian_ at [20]). Admittedly, where there
is an _agreed_ life expectancy, that in itself would take into account some
contingencies such as premature death (see _Wells_ at 378–379). But, that is
not all. A discount may also be appropriate, even in the context of an agreed
life expectancy, if there is a need to account for other contingencies such as
the possibility that the plaintiff might not have been able to find work
despite being physically able to work.

(b) _Second_ , the plaintiff will be receiving a lump sum award in advance of
the dates when he would have actually received his future income but for the
accident (see _Lai Wee Lian_ at [20] and _Wells_ at 364–365). Therefore, the
multiplier must be discounted to account for the possible investment gains
that the plaintiff would be expected to attain as a result of the accelerated
receipt of his future earnings.

(c) _Third_ , the plaintiff should be protected against the effects of future
inflation (see _Wells_ at 372–373). The real value of the lump sum awarded to
the plaintiff will be reduced with time as a result of inflation.

(B) Possible approaches for determining the multiplier

48 A variety of approaches may be applied to determine the appropriate
multiplier (see Wai-Sum Chan & Felix W H Chan, “ _Lai Wee Lian_ Revisited –
Should actuarial tables be used for the assessment of damages in personal
injury litigation in Singapore?” [2000] SJLS 364 (“ _Lai Wee Lian_ _Revisited_
”), especially at pp 367–371, for a summary of some of the possibilities). The
possible approaches include the following:

(a) One approach is to fix the multiplier by looking at the multipliers used
in comparable cases. This is the approach adopted in some Singapore cases
(see, for example, _Loh Chia Mei v Koh Kok Han_ [2009] SGHC 181 at [41]). As
the Appellants have pointed out,[note: 64] this is also the approach taken by
the Hong Kong courts (see, _eg_ , the decision of the Hong Kong Court of
Appeal in _Chan Pui-ki v Leung On and Another_ [1996] 2 HKLR 401 at
421C–421I).

(b) Another approach is to apply a pure arithmetical discount. The multiplier
may be determined by discounting the plaintiff’s stream of income over his
expected working life by an appropriate rate (see _Lai Wee Lian_ _Revisited_
at pp 368–370). A further discount may be applied to account for
contingencies, which was the approach taken in the Singapore High Court
decision of _Shaw Linda Gillian v Chai Kang Wei Samuel_ [2009] SGHC 187 (“
_Shaw Linda Gillian (HC)_ ”) at [31]. In that case, the High Court judge
applied a further discount for “the vicissitudes of life” (at [31]). The
defendant’s appeal against the High Court’s decision was allowed in part, but
the High Court’s decision on the loss of future earnings award was not
disturbed (see _Shaw Linda Gillian (CA)_ at [32]).

(c) A third approach is to apply a fixed formula. This is the approach adopted
in Malaysia by statute (see s 28A of the Civil Law Act 1956 (Act 67) (M’sia)).
The Malaysian courts have held that[note: 65] the statutory formula is
mandatory due to the imperative language of the statute (see _Ibrahim bin
Ismail & Anor __v Hasnah_ _bte_ _Puteh_ _Imat (as beneficiary and legal mother
of Bakri bin Yahya and substituting Yahaya bin Ibrahim) & Anor and another
appeal_ [2004] 1 MLJ 525 at [12]).

(d) Yet another approach is to use actuarial tables, as in the UK. This
approach merits further explanation.

49 The English courts use actuarial tables published by the UK Government
Actuary’s Department, commonly known as “the Ogden Tables”, to determine the
appropriate multiplier (see _Wells_ at 379F and _Lai Wee Lian_ _Revisited_ at
p 371). The latest version of these tables are the _Actuarial Tables with
explanatory notes for use in Personal Injury and Fatal Accident Cases_ (7th
Ed, 2011) (“the Ogden Tables (7th Ed)”). The Ogden Tables are “based on a
reasonable estimate of the future mortality likely to be experienced by
average members of the population alive and are based on projected mortality
rates for the United Kingdom as a whole” (see the explanatory notes to the
Ogden Tables (7th Ed) at Section A, para 4). The multipliers in the Ogden
Tables are also based on the assumption that the lump sum award given to the
plaintiff will be invested at an annual rate of return of 2.5% net of tax (see
the explanatory notes to the Ogden Tables (7th Ed) at Section A, paras 8–9).
This rate is fixed by the Lord Chancellor pursuant to s 1 of the Damages Act
1996 (c 48) (UK) based on an assumed rate of inflation of 3% (see Lord Irvine
of Lairg LC, “Setting the Discount Rate: Lord Chancellor’s Reason” (27 July
2001)).

50 It should be noted that the Ogden Tables do not take into account risks
other than mortality. However, as the Appellants have pointed out,[note: 66]
the Ogden Tables have, since the sixth edition of these tables, provided a
methodology for reducing the multiplier to take into account other
contingencies (see the explanatory notes to the Ogden Tables (7th Ed) at
Section B, as well as _Kemp & Kemp: The Quantum of Damages in Personal Injury
and Fatal Accident Claims_ (William Norris QC gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell,
Looseleaf Ed, 2009, Release 120 (August 2011)) at para 10-014).

51 The Ogden Tables have identified three key factors which affect the
determination of the discount for contingencies: the plaintiff’s employment
status, disability status and educational attainment (see the explanatory
notes to the Ogden Tables (7th Ed) at Section B, para 34).[note: 67] There may
well be other factors which may affect the discount for contingencies. For
example, there may be reason to believe that the plaintiff may not have
remained employed until the prevailing retirement age due to the nature of his
occupation (see _Heil v Rankin_ [2001] PIQR Q3 (reported at (2001) 10 PIQR
Q16), where the court applied a discount to account for the fact that the
plaintiff police officer might not have remained in the police force until the
normal retirement age of 50). The sex of the plaintiff may also require a
discount to be applied (see _M (A Child) v Leeds Health Authority_ [2002] PIQR
Q4 (reported at (2001) 11 PIQR Q46) at [59]–[62], where a 22.5% discount was
applied to account, _inter alia_ , for the prospect that the plaintiff, a
young girl, might have had to take time off to raise a family; see also
_Ingrid van Wees v Z Karkour and A Walsh_ [2007] EWHC 165 at [139], where the
court took into account the fact that the plaintiff, being a woman, was “ _at
present_ ” [emphasis added] less likely to earn the same amount as a man, but
that her salary was likely to become equal in the future because the
prevailing trends suggested that the gap between the salaries of male
employees and those of female employees was narrowing).

52 At this juncture, we would briefly refer, by way of comparison, to the
Canadian, Australian and New Zealand approaches to assessing loss of future
earnings. These jurisdictions either do not apply the multiplier/multiplicand
approach or apply a variant of that approach:

(a) The approach in Canada: The Appellants have submitted that the Canadian
courts do not apply the multiplier/multiplicand method to assess loss of
future earnings.[note: 68] This is not strictly accurate. In substance, the
Canadian approach to assessing loss of future earnings is similar to the
multiplier/multiplicand method, except that the discount is not applied to the
multiplier. The approach which the Canadian courts take is to estimate the
plaintiff’s level of earnings and the length of his working life. Adjustments
are then made to these figures to account for contingencies (see _J A Andrews,
Dorothy Andrews, Ivan Stefanyk v Grand & Toy Alberta Ltd and Robert G
Anderson_ [1978] 2 SCR 229 (“ _Andrews_ ”) at 251–253; see also S M Waddams,
_The Law of Damages_ (Canada Law Book, Looseleaf Ed, November 2011 release) at
para 3.720). The following are relevant points when considering the adjustment
to be made for contingencies (see _Andrews_ at 253): (i) care must be taken
not to adjust for contingencies that have already been taken into
consideration in estimating the plaintiff’s projected average level of
earnings; (ii) not all contingencies will result in an adjustment adverse to
the plaintiff; and (iii) there may be public and private schemes which cushion
the plaintiff against adverse contingencies. The extent of the adjustment will
depend on the circumstances of the case, in particular, on the nature of the
plaintiff’s occupation (see _Andrews_ at 253).

(b) The approach in Australia: The Australian approach is also a variant of
the multiplier/multiplicand method. As the Appellants have submitted, that
approach may be represented by the formula “[(M x T) – V] _x_ n%”[note: 69]
[emphasis in original], where “M” is the multiplicand, “T” is the plaintiff’s
expected working life but for the accident, “V” is the factor by which the
award should be reduced to account for contingencies and “ _x_ ” represents
the function of discounting the resulting figure by “n”, which is the discount
rate to account for accelerated receipt of a lump sum (see Francis Trindade,
Peter Cane & Mark Lunney, _The Law of Torts in Australia_ (Oxford University
Press, 4th Ed, 2007) (“ _Trindade, Cane & __Lunney_ ”) at pp 715–716). The
discount for contingencies (_ie_ , “V” in the aforesaid formula) is typically
applied in the form of a percentage reduction (see _Trindade, Cane & __Lunney_
at p 716). The typical discount applied by the courts varies from State to
State (see _Trindade, Cane & __Lunney_ at p 716, note 40, which gives the
example of the 15% discount typically applied in New South Wales). As the
Appellants have stated,[note: 70] for the discount to account for accelerated
receipt of a lump sum (_ie_ , “n” in the above formula), the High Court of
Australia has stipulated that in States where a discount rate is not fixed by
statute, a fixed rate of 3% should be used (see _Todorovic and another v
Waller_ (1981) 150 CLR 402 at 423–424 (_per_ Gibbs CJ and Wilson J), 451
(_per_ Mason J), 460 (_per_ Aickin J) and 480–481 (_per_ Brennan J)). Most
States have fixed a higher rate (see _Trindade, Cane & __Lunney_ at p 717).

(c) The approach in New Zealand: New Zealand has adopted a no-fault accident
compensation scheme which is “markedly different from the way in which damages
are awarded in the other [Commonwealth] jurisdictions”[note: 71] (see Peter H
Schuck, “Tort Reform, Kiwi-Style” (2008) Yale Law & Policy Review 187 at pp
188–191 for a concise description of the scheme and its origins).

(C) The approach that should be adopted in Singapore

53 In a sense, it may be more objective to use actuarial tables because they
are based on projections of the mortality rate of the general population. They
provide a more scientific basis for discounting a lump sum award to account
for premature death. Adjustments may also be made for contingencies by using
actuarial data. However, such actuarial tables are not generally available in
Singapore. Requiring the preparation of such tables as a matter of practice
for every case might inordinately raise costs and prolong the resolution of
disputes. What is clear is that it would not be appropriate for our courts to
adopt the Ogden Tables because the latter are based on projected mortality
rates in the UK.

54 In the absence of actuarial tables, it seems to us that the approaches
alluded to above at [48(a)]–[48(b)], with adjustments for contingencies (where
appropriate) and inflation, are the next most appropriate approaches. A pure
arithmetical discount will adjust the lump sum award to account for
accelerated receipt. Inflation can be taken into account by using _real_
interest rates (_ie_ , interest rates adjusted for inflation) in the
arithmetical discount. Further adjustment may be necessary to account for
other contingencies. Any further adjustment of this nature will necessarily be
based on the particular facts and circumstances of the case. In order to
ensure that awards are consistent, the courts should also consider the
multipliers used in comparable cases. That said, a blind adherence to the
multipliers in previous cases is not desirable. The court should consider in
each case whether the previous cases are truly comparable, and should not
hesitate to depart from the multipliers used in previous cases if the
circumstances call for it.

55 In this regard, we note that the considerations which feature in the Ogden
Tables and/or which are taken into account in Commonwealth cases are not
unique to the situations in those jurisdictions and could well, in particular
circumstances, be relevant to the Singapore courts. After all, ultimately, the
objective of the court in each case is to make an award to the plaintiff which
would fairly compensate him for the losses which he has suffered on account of
the injuries sustained by him. The considerations which feature in the Ogden
Tables and/or in Commonwealth cases include (see generally [51] above and
_Andrews_ at 253):

(a) the plaintiff’s employment status;

(b) the plaintiff’s pre-existing illnesses or disabilities;

(c) the plaintiff’s educational attainment;

(d) the plaintiff’s sex; and

(e) the possibility of a depression in the economy, “changes in industrial
emphasis” (_per_ the High Court of Australia in _Wynn v NSW Insurance
Ministerial Corporation_ (1995) 184 CLR 485 at 497) and industrial disputes.

56 Of course, the above considerations are not exhaustive. For example, the
need to discount an award to account for accelerated receipt of a lump sum
might assume added significance where the plaintiff is a foreigner. This
factor was given consideration in _Shaw Linda Gillian (HC)_ at [31], where the
court took cognisance of the fact that higher interest rates were available in
Australia as compared to Singapore.

(2) Application to the present appeal

57 It was common ground at the assessment hearing that the Respondent would
have worked for a further period of 38 years but for the Accident. This figure
was arrived at on the basis that the Appellants accepted that the Respondent,
who was aged 27 at the time of the Accident (see [3] above), would have worked
up to the age of 65.[note: 72] This means that at the time of the assessment
hearing, the Respondent would have worked for a further 36 years if not for
the Accident. An appropriate discount must be made to account for possible
investment gains that the Respondent would be expected to make as a result of
the accelerated receipt of his lifetime income.

58 Unfortunately, there is no evidence on the record of the deposit interest
rates and inflation rates in Bangladesh. Hence, we are unable to assess the
correctness of the AR’s choice of the multiplier against the approach of
applying an arithmetical discount with further adjustments for other
contingencies as well as with reference to comparable case precedents (see
[54] above).

59 In passing, we would observe that assuming we had evidence of the real
interest rates in Bangladesh, we would have applied a further discount to
account for other contingencies, even though the parties have agreed that the
Respondent would, but for the Accident, have worked for a further 36 years at
the time of the assessment hearing. Such further discount is appropriate in
order to account for other contingencies. In our opinion, those relevant to
the present case would have included the following:

(a) _First_ , the nature of the Respondent’s job at the time of the Accident
should have been considered. As the Respondent was a foreign construction
worker, it is not likely that he would have worked as a construction worker in
Singapore for the remainder of his working life. As this court stated in _Tan
Woei Jinn v Thapjang_ _Amorthap and another_ [2005] 2 SLR(R) 553 at [21]:

… Foreign workers like the plaintiff may not spend their entire working lives
in Singapore. They may return home to be with, or start, their families. They
may return with their savings from their earnings to start their own
businesses. They may also be replaced by cheaper and younger workers, or their
work permits may not be renewed. When they leave, they will not continue to
get earnings at Singapore levels, and any award for lost future earnings
should take this into account.

(b) _Second_ , the possibility that the Respondent might have lost his job due
to changing economic conditions should have been taken into account. For
example, the Respondent’s employment could have been terminated due to a
downturn in the construction sector. Of course, this is not to say that the
Respondent could not, in that scenario, have obtained a lower paying job in
another area of work.

60 Given the state of the evidence, we are left with the approach of
considering the multipliers used in comparable cases (see [48(a)] above). In
this regard, we note that the multiplier of 17 years adopted by the AR is
consistent with the multipliers used in the comparable cases outlined below:

(a) In _Teo Seng Kiat v Goh_ _Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 333 at [14], a
multiplier of 18 years was applied in respect of the plaintiff, who was
injured at the age of 28.

(b) In _Teo Sing Keng_ _and another v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR(R) 340 (cited
in _Practitioners’ Library_ at p 651), a multiplier of 15 years was applied in
respect of the plaintiff, who was injured at the age of 25 and, as a result,
permanently disabled (the plaintiff became tetraparetic, and also had bowel as
well as urinary problems). It should be noted that the multiplier of 15 years
was agreed to by the parties before the assistant registrar hearing the
assessment of damages (at [8(d)]).

(c) In _Lim Yee Ming v Ubin Lagoon Resort Pte Ltd and Others (Adventure
Training Systems Pty Ltd, Third Party)_ [2003] SGHC 134 at [80] (cited in
_Practitioners’ Library_ at p 653), a multiplier of 15 years was applied in
respect of the plaintiff, a female, who was injured at the age of 26 and,
consequently, permanently disabled (the plaintiff suffered from paralysis from
the waist down, bowel and urinary problems as well as loss of sexual
function).

(d) In the unreported case of _Maung_ _Tun_ _Aung v Goh_ _Beng Hwee_ Suit No
284 of 2000 (Registrar’s Appeal No 175 of 2001) (cited in _Practitioners’
Library_ at p 675), a multiplier of 17 years was applied (broken down into
nine years for the multiplicand of $2,000 per month, six years for the
multiplicand of $3,000 per month and two years for the multiplicand of $2,000
per month) in respect of the plaintiff, who was injured at the age of 24 and
became permanently paralysed, resulting in inability to control his urinary
and bowel functions.

Of course, in considering precedents for the purposes of obtaining assistance
to determine the appropriate multiplier in a specific case, noting the age of
the plaintiff alone may not be enough. What is perhaps more important is the
likely number of remaining working years which the plaintiff would have had
but for the accident. In the present case, as mentioned at [57] above, the
Appellants agreed before the AR that if not for the Accident, the Respondent
would have worked until the age of 65,[note: 73] not unlike the age up to
which a Singaporean would normally work. Thus, precedents involving
Singaporeans (including permanent residents) would be appropriate comparisons.
Accordingly, the multiplier of 17 years adopted by the AR in the present case
is clearly not out of line with the relevant precedents.

61 There remains one consequential issue on this head of claim which we ought
to address. On their contention that the appropriate multiplier should only be
14 years, the Appellants have submitted that the multiplier should be split
into four years and ten years in respect of the Singapore portion and the
Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion respectively of the loss of future earnings
award. Since we have rejected the Appellants’ argument that the multiplier
should only be 14 years, what remains for us to decide is whether the
apportionment made by the AR – _viz_ , seven years for the Singapore portion
and ten years for the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion[note: 74] – is fair.
Here, we would quote what the AR stated to be her basis for making this
apportionment:[note: 75]

… I am mindful that the Plaintiff [_viz_ , the Respondent] has worked without
any complaints from his Singapore employers so far. The Plaintiff’s evidence
is that he came to work in Singapore because the pay was better here, than in
Saudi Arabia where he last worked. The Defendant [_viz_ , the Appellants] has
not led any evidence showing any complaint against the Plaintiff’s work
performance. In the circumstances, I am prepared to accept that the Plaintiff
has satisfied me, on a balance of probabilities, that he would have worked in
Singapore for the full 15 years and he would have been allowed to under our
employment regulations, had the [A]ccident not happened.

Accepting that the Plaintiff would have lost 38 years of working life as a
result of the [A]ccident, and if the Plaintiff would have been able to work
[for] another 14 years in Singapore if not for the [A]ccident, a fair
apportionment in this case will be – 7 years at the Singapore rate … and 10
years at the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia rate …

No argument has been advanced by the Appellants to show that the above
apportionment by the AR of the multiplier of 17 years is in any way improper
or unjust. Accordingly, there is no ground for us to interfere with this
apportionment.

(3) Our ruling on the loss of future earnings award

62 As the Appellants have accepted that the multiplicands for the Singapore
portion and the Bangladesh/Saudi Arabia portion of the loss of future earnings
award should be $800 per month and $500 per month respectively, and as the
Appellants’ objections to the AR’s award for loss of future earnings relate
solely to the appropriate multiplier, which objections we have found to be
without merit, we likewise uphold the AR’s award for this head of claim.

Future medical expenses

63 With regard to the award for future medical expenses, we have at [22] above
stated that the Appellants are precluded from challenging this award because
they agreed at the assessment hearing to use the evidence of the Singapore
doctors (_ie_ , Dr Tow and Dr Swami) as the basis for calculating the
appropriate quantum to award the Respondent. However, for completeness and on
the basis that the Appellants are not so precluded, we will proceed to examine
whether, on the evidence, the award made by the AR for this head of claim is
justified. In this regard, for the purposes of determining whether a
particular medical expense is reasonable, the court will consider a range of
circumstances including, _inter alia_ , whether or not the particular
treatment in question is necessary and whether or not it was taken pursuant to
a doctor’s advice (see UK Law Commission, _Damages for Personal Injury:
Medical, Nursing and Other Expenses; Collateral Benefits_ (Law Com No 262,
1999) (Chairman: Robert Carnwath) at para 2.2).

64 In the present case, the Respondent is a Bangladeshi national who has
returned to his home country and is receiving medical treatment there. It
follows, as a matter of logic and common sense, that the cost of medical care
in his home country should be the basis upon which to calculate the
multiplicand to be used in determining the amount to be awarded for future
medical expenses. This follows from the principle that a defendant is liable
to a plaintiff as he finds the latter (see, for example, _Ho Soo Fong and
another v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [65], where this
court referred to “the general tort principle that the tortfeasor must take
his victim as he is”). Admittedly, the cost of medical care in the home
country of a foreign plaintiff could be either higher or lower than that in
Singapore. However, it is clear that a foreign plaintiff would be adequately
compensated, and not over- or under-compensated, only when the multiplicand
for future medical expenses is calculated on the basis of the likely actual
cost of medical care in his own country.

65 As in the case where the cost of medical treatment in Singapore is being
determined, the cost of medical treatment in a foreign country will have to be
established by evidence and, in all likelihood, expert evidence may be
necessary. Where expert evidence is adduced, the court must not “blindly
accept” such evidence simply because it is not contradicted (see _Poh Soon
Kiat v Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 (“
_Poh Soon Kiat_ ”) at [22]). The court must evaluate the expert’s evidence in
the light of the objective facts and by reference to the usual criteria for
assessing evidence. As the High Court stated in _Sakthivel_ _Punithavathi v
Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983 at [76] (cited by this court in _Poh
Soon Kiat_ at [22]):

What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own views
for those of an uncontradicted expert’s: _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
1. Be that as it may, a _court must not on the other hand unquestioningly_**
__**_accept unchallenged evidence_. Evidence must invariably be sifted,
weighed and evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in particular,
the objective facts. An expert’s opinion _“should not fly in the face of
proven extrinsic facts relevant to the matter” per_ Yong Pung How CJ in _Khoo
James v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 414 at [65]. In reality,
substantially the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as
they would to other categories of witness testimony. _Content credibility_ ,
_evidence of partiality_ , _coherence_ and a need to analyse the evidence _in
the context of established facts_ remain vital considerations; _demeanour,
however, more often than not recedes into the background_ as a yardstick.
[emphasis added]

66 The Appellants have made the following points in relation to the award for
future medical expenses:

(a) The best available evidence of the cost of the Respondent’s future medical
care is the cost of obtaining such care from medical facilities in Bangladesh.

(b) At the assessment hearing, the Respondent provided evidence of the rates
of medical fees in Bangladesh[note: 76] based on the rates of Apollo Hospital
(“the Apollo Hospital Rates”), which, according to the evidence of Dr Swami,
is a premier hospital.[note: 77]

(c) Since there is evidence of the rates of medical fees in Bangladesh (_ie_ ,
the Apollo Hospital Rates), there is no need to rely on the rates of medical
fees in Singapore.[note: 78]

(d) Alternatively, the court should apply a 35% discount to Dr Tow’s Rates
(which represent the estimated cost of future medical treatment in Singapore
(see [21] above)) _after_ those figures are first discounted by 50% to account
for the vicissitudes of life and accelerated receipt of a lump sum.[note: 79]

(e) At the assessment hearing, the Appellants “[had] not agree[d]”[note: 80]
to Dr Tow’s Rates. As the AR had ruled that the Apollo Hospital Rates were
inadmissible, the Appellants had “merely submitted that … the only evidence
available would be the estimates by Dr Adela Tow on the Singapore rates [_ie_
, Dr Tow’s Rates as defined at [21] above] and the [35%] discount recommended
by Dr [Swami]”.[note: 81] In RA 260/2010, the Appellants had submitted before
the Judge that the Apollo Hospital Rates should be used instead of Dr Tow’s
Rates.[note: 82]

(f) In any event, even if the Appellants had agreed to Dr Tow’s Rates, this
court has the power under O 57 rr 9A and 13 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2006 Rev Ed) and under its inherent jurisdiction to review the AR’s award
for future medical expenses because the award was “clearly erroneous”[note:
83] in that it did not take into account the vicissitudes of life and did not
incorporate a discount for accelerated receipt of a lump sum.

67 The first observation we would make in relation to the above points raised
by the Appellants is that it was the Appellants who objected, at a hearing
prior to the assessment hearing proper, to the admission of the Apollo
Hospital Rates because Dr Waheed Zaman (“Dr Zaman”) of Apollo Hospital, who
had provided those rates in a letter, could not testify due to Apollo
Hospital’s policy of not allowing its specialists to involve themselves in any
legal proceedings concerning its patients (see [21] above).[note: 84] Now, the
Appellants are changing their minds and singing a different tune. If the
Appellants had not insisted on the personal attendance of Dr Zaman at the
assessment hearing, the Apollo Hospital Rates would have been admitted into
evidence, and those rates would have been relied upon by the AR to determine
the quantum to be awarded for future medical expenses. It is too late now for
the Appellants to ask this court to apply the Apollo Hospital Rates. Our
second observation is that it was precisely because of the Appellants’
objection to the admission of the Apollo Hospital Rates without Dr Zaman
personally giving evidence at the assessment hearing that the Respondent
called Dr Tow and Dr Swami to testify. Dr Tow gave evidence on what would be
the likely medical costs if the Respondent were to be treated in Singapore. Dr
Swami testified that in his view, if Dr Tow’s Rates were reduced by two-
thirds, that would represent the likely costs of medical treatment in
Bangladesh.[note: 85] No contrary evidence was presented to the AR by the
Appellants. To put it at the lowest, no objection was made by the Appellants
to what Dr Tow and Dr Swami testified. We quote again the relevant portion of
the evidence recorded by the AR (reproduced earlier at [21] above):[note: 86]

D/C:…

Looking at the evidence adduced, in terms of the medical care rates used in
Bangladesh, the hospital in question is Apollo [H]ospital. The evidence from
Dr Swami is that Apollo [H]ospital was [a] premier hospital in Bangladesh. It
does not approximate to B1 rates. Also, we do not have enough evidence on the
rates chargeable in Bangladesh. The main evidence we have in this case is the
evidence of Dr Tow and Dr Swami – Dr Tow’s estimation is $500,000–$600,000,
and Dr Swami’s evidence for Bangladesh overall, is that a discount of 35%
should be given from Singapore rates, generally speaking.

P/C:We are accepting that part of Dr Swami’s evidence.

D/C: _We are therefore submitting that for this head, it should [be] what Dr
Tow has stated, minus the 35% discount as given by Dr Swami._

Ct: _But the Plaintiffs_ [_ie_ , the Respondent] _are prepared to go along
with this approach?_

P/C: _Yes_.

D/C: _So the figure is $320–$390,000 in total, for future medical expenses._

[emphasis added]

To reiterate what we pointed out at [21] above, the above extract shows that
it was the _Appellants’ counsel_ (denoted as “D/C” above) who proposed to use
the evidence of the Singapore doctors (_ie_ , Dr Tow and Dr Swami) to arrive
at the figure for the cost of future medical expenses in view of the lack of
evidence of the future medical costs likely to be incurred by the Respondent
in Bangladesh. The AR asked the Respondent’s counsel (denoted as “P/C” above)
if she agreed to this proposal. The Respondent’s counsel replied in the
affirmative. After ascertaining that both the Appellants’ counsel and the
Respondent’s counsel were “prepared to go along with Dr Tow[’s] and Dr Swami’s
evidence”,[note: 87] the AR selected the upper end of Dr Tow’s Rates (_ie_ ,
$600,000) and applied the discount of 35% to that figure.[note: 88]

68 Now, what the Appellants are arguing (in their alternative argument set out
at [66(d)] above) is that before applying the discount of 35% (as testified by
Dr Swami) to Dr Tow’s Rates, there should be a prior discount of Dr Tow’s
Rates by 50% to account for the vicissitudes of life and accelerated receipt
of a lump sum. We note, however, that this prior discount of 50% was never put
to either Dr Tow or Dr Swami. Moreover, it is unclear whether or not Dr Tow
incorporated a discount for accelerated receipt of a lump sum and
contingencies in coming up with her estimate of the Respondent’s likely future
medical costs if he were to be treated in Singapore. The fact is that Dr Tow
was not asked specifically if her figures took into account accelerated
receipt of a lump sum and contingencies. Thus, Dr Tow was never given an
opportunity to explain how she had derived her figures. All we have on the
record is that both the Appellants and the Respondent were comfortable with Dr
Tow’s Rates and the 35% discount suggested by Dr Swami. In the light of this
state of the evidence, the AR was certainly entitled to rule in the way that
she did and we are unable to say that the award which she made for future
medical expenses is manifestly excessive or wrong in principle.

Future transport and care expenses

69 We now move on to consider the last of the disputed heads of claim, namely,
the claim for future transport and care expenses (as defined at [9(d)] above).
The only issue which the Appellants are raising on these items relates to the
multiplier used by the AR, which was 18 years; there is no dispute as to the
multiplicands.

70 The contention of the Appellants is that instead of 18 years, the
multiplier should only be 14 years.[note: 89] The Respondent’s answer to this
is that a multiplier of 18 years is not inordinately high, given that the
Respondent was only 29 years of age at the time of the assessment hearing and
bearing in mind that the normal lifespan of a male is 70 years.

71 It might _prima facie_ appear that the multiplier used to determine the
appropriate award for future transport and care expenses should, as a matter
of logic, be higher than the multiplier used to determine the appropriate
award for loss of future earnings, given that the multiplier for the former
award is based on the plaintiff’s life expectancy (see _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee
Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361 at [59]), whereas the multiplier for the latter award
is based on the plaintiff’s remaining working life if not for the
accident.[note: 90] However, it should be noted that the multiplier for future
transport and care expenses is determined on the basis of the plaintiff’s
current life expectancy _in the light of his injuries_. In contrast, the
multiplier for loss of future earnings is determined on the basis of the
plaintiff’s working life _before his injuries_. A plaintiff who has sustained
serious injuries, such as the Respondent in the present appeal, may well have
expected to have had a working life longer than his _current_ life expectancy.
In fact, as will be seen, the evidence at the assessment hearing was that the
Respondent’s life expectancy is now shorter than the duration of his expected
remaining working life if not for the Accident. Before the AR, the Appellants
agreed that the Respondent would have worked until the age of 65 if not for
the Accident, giving the Respondent a remaining working life of 36 years at
the time of the assessment hearing (see [57] above). Dr Tow’s evidence was
that an average Singaporean male would live until the age of 70,[note: 91] and
that a paraplegic would have 90% of that life expectancy.[note: 92] The
Appellants accepted Dr Tow’s evidence.[note: 93] In doing so, they appeared to
have assumed that an average Bangladeshi male has the same life expectancy as
an average Singaporean male, and that the same 10% reduction in life
expectancy as a result of paraplegia is applicable to a Bangladeshi male
paraplegic. Applying a discount of 10% to 70 years, the Respondent would at
present be expected to live to the age of 63.[note: 94] This means that at the
time of the assessment hearing, the Respondent was expected to live for a
further 34 years.

72 We note that it might appear to be incongruous for the AR to have used a
multiplier of only 17 years for the loss of future earnings award, but a
_higher_ multiplier of 18 years for the future transport and care expenses
award when, at the time of the assessment hearing, the Respondent’s life
expectancy (_viz_ , 34 years) was _shorter_ than the duration of his expected
remaining working life if not for the Accident (_viz_ , 36 years). One would
have expected that a higher multiplier should have been used for the loss of
future earnings award since the Respondent was expected to have worked for a
longer duration (but for the Accident) than the duration for which he is now
expected to live. However, nothing turns on the incongruity. At best, it would
suggest that perhaps, an even higher multiplier should have been used for the
loss of future earnings award.

73 As was the case _vis-à-vis_ the loss of future earnings award, we are
constrained by the evidence to adopt the approach of considering the
multipliers used in comparable cases (see [60] above) as we do not have
evidence of the real interest rates in Bangladesh.

74 In our view, the multiplier that the AR adopted (_viz_ , 18 years) is in
line with the multipliers used in comparable cases. This can be seen from,
_inter alia_ , _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz Andrea Heidi and another appeal_
[2004] 3 SLR(R) 543, where this court used a multiplier of 17 years for the
future medical expenses to be awarded to a plaintiff who was 27 years old at
the time of her injury. The court reached this decision by examining the
multipliers used for awards for future medical expenses in analogous cases. In
particular, the focus of the court appeared to be on the age of the plaintiff
in each of the analogous cases, as can be seen from the following extract:

182 The [High Court] judge provided for a multiplier of 34 years in relation
to Andrea’s [_ie_ , the plaintiff’s] medical expenses. …

183 The appellants [_ie_ , the defendants] challenged this and asked that a
multiplier of 18 years be awarded. They referred us to several High Court
cases in which similar multipliers were given. The first of these is a case
which we have referred to earlier in this judgment, _Lim Yee Ming v Ubin
Lagoon Resort Pte Ltd_ ([[2003] SGHC 134]). The judge provided for a
multiplier of _15 years_ for the _26-year-old plaintiff_. In the second case,
_Ng Song Leng v Soh Kim Seng Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd_ [1997] SGHC 289,
the judge awarded the _29-year-old_ plaintiff a multiplier of _17 years_. In
yet another case, _Teo Seng Kiat v Goh_ _Hwa Teck_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 333, the
judge determined that a multiplier of _18 years_ was appropriate for the
plaintiff, who was _28 years old_ at the time of the accident. We also had
regard to the case of _Chen Qingrui v Phua_ _Geok Leng_ ([[2001] SGHC 64]),
wherein the female plaintiff aged _18 years_ was awarded a multiplier of _18
years_ for nursing care.

184 We have not come across a case where a multiplier as high as 34 has been
awarded, and Andrea was not able to cite even one instance of such a case. She
attempted to argue that this present case presents a unique factual matrix,
thus justifying the award of a particularly high multiplier. We are not in the
least convinced by this argument since the injuries suffered by the plaintiffs
in the cases mentioned above are, at the very least, comparable to Andrea’s.

185 _Considering that Andrea was 27 years old when her liver failed, and that
the plaintiffs in the cases we have just detailed were also in the same age
range_ , we think that a multiplier of 17 years is more appropriate and order
accordingly.

[emphasis added]

75 There are also unreported cases which adopted similar multipliers for
future medical expenses. In _Chin Swey Min (a patient suing by his wife and
next friend Lim Siew Lee)__v Nor Nizar_ _Bin Mohamed_ [2004] SGHC 27, where
the plaintiff was 42 years of age at the time of the assessment of damages, a
multiplier of 16 years was applied in respect of future medical expenses.
Similarly, in _Ng Song Leng v Soh Kim Seng Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd and
Bayer (Singapore) Private Limited_ [1997] SGHC 289, where the plaintiff was 32
years of age at the time of the assessment of damages, a multiplier of 17
years was adopted for future medical expenses.

76 All said, the determination of the appropriate multiplier for future
transport and care expenses (and, for that matter, the appropriate multiplier
for future medical expenses) is not a science. It is not something that can be
reflected in a mathematical formula. In a worst-case scenario where the
plaintiff will require lifelong medical and/or nursing care, precedents show
that there is a range as to the appropriate multiplier, depending on the age
of the plaintiff at the time of the assessment of damages. In the present
case, a multiplier of 18 years in respect of a plaintiff aged 29 at the time
of the assessment of damages cannot be said to be excessive.

Conclusion

77 For the above reasons, _vis-à-vis_ Issue 3, the Appellants have not
persuaded us that any of the awards for the disputed heads of claim should be
varied. As we have also ruled against the Appellants on Issue 1 and Issue 2,
this appeal is therefore dismissed with costs and the usual consequential
orders.

* * *

[note: 0]See the Appellants’ Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol II at p 4.

[note: 1]_Ibid_.

[note: 2]See the Record of Appeal (“RA”) vol II at pp 36–37 (interlocutory
judgment dated 29 June 2009).

[note: 3]See the Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle (“RSCB”) vol II at p
25 (medical report dated 9 October 2008 by Dr Adela Tow of Tan Tock Seng
Hospital (“Dr Tow”)).

[note: 4]See RSCB vol II at p 26 (Dr Tow’s medical report dated 10 December
2008) and RSCB vol II at p 5 (para 4 of the Respondent’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief dated 19 January 2010 (“the Respondent’s AEIC”)).

[note: 5]See RSCB vol II at p 12 (para 24 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 6]See RSCB vol II at p 11 (para 21 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 7]See RA vol II at p 16 (p 4 of the Respondent’s statement of claim
dated 19 March 2009).

[note: 8]See RSCB vol II at pp 20–23 (paras 56–66 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 9]RSCB vol I at p 42, line 26 to p 47, line 1 (certified transcript of
the assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 10]See RA vol II at pp 45–50.

[note: 11]See the Appellants’ Case (“AC”) at paras 9–12.

[note: 12]See AC at para 28.

[note: 13]See the Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at paras 38–39.

[note: 14]See ACB vol I at p 10, lines 7–9 and line 15 (certified transcript
of the proceedings before the Judge on 11 February 2011 (“the Judge’s
certified transcript”)).

[note: 15]See ACB vol I at p 10, lines 23–24 (the Judge’s certified
transcript).

[note: 16]See, _eg_ , RC at paras 77–79.

[note: 17]See AC at paras 27 and 30(2)(x).

[note: 18]See RSCB vol II at p 285.

[note: 19]See RSCB vol I at p 10, line 15 to p 11, line 3 (certified
transcript of the assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 20]See RSCB vol I at p 45, lines 23–24 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 21]See RSCB vol I at p 45, line 31 to p 46, line 6 (certified
transcript of the assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 22]See RSCB vol I at p 10, lines 28–29 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 23]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions dated 3 January 2012 (“the
Appellants’ Further Submissions”) at para 19(3).

[note: 24]See RSCB vol II at p 19 (para 49 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 25]See RSCB vol II at p 19 (para 50 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 26]See RSCB vol II at p 19 (para 51 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 27]See RA vol III, Part B at p 164 (para 89 of the Respondent’s written
submissions dated 26 May 2010 for the assessment hearing).

[note: 28]See AC at paras 17(3) and 28(4).

[note: 29]See AC at para 28(4).

[note: 30]See RSCB vol I at p 6, line 26 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 31]See RSCB vol I at p 6, lines 25–26 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 32]See RSCB vol I at p 42, line 37 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 33]See RSCB vol I at p 6, line 26 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 34]_Ibid_.

[note: 35]_Ibid_.

[note: 36]See AC at para 28(3)(b).

[note: 37]See RSCB vol I at p 11, line 7 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 38]See RSCB vol I at p 11, line 8 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 39]See RSCB vol I at p 11, line 7 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010)..

[note: 40]_Ibid_.

[note: 41]See RSCB vol I at p 46, lines 9–10 and lines 17–19 (certified
transcript of the assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 42]See AC at para 28(3)(a).

[note: 43]See RC at paras 141–143.

[note: 44]See RSCB vol I at p 11, line 7 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 45]See RSCB vol II at p 12 (para 24 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 46]See RSCB vol II at p 12 (para 25 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 47]_Ibid_.

[note: 48]See RSCB vol I at p 38, lines 16–21 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 19 April 2010).

[note: 49]See RSCB vol I at p 46, line 23 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 50]See RSCB vol I at p 46, lines 23–24 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 51]See RSCB vol II at p 12 (para 24 of the Respondent’s AEIC).

[note: 52]See AC at paras 17(3) and 28(4).

[note: 53]See AC at para 28(4).

[note: 54]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 33(1).

[note: 55]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at p 34.

[note: 56]_Ibid_.

[note: 57]See RSCB vol I at p 5, lines 20–22 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 58]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 49.

[note: 59]See the Respondent’s Skeletal Submissions (Part 3) dated 25 November
2011 (“the Respondent’s Further Submissions”) at para 8.

[note: 60]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions at paras 7 and 9.

[note: 61]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions at para 10.

[note: 62]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions at paras 11–19.

[note: 63]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions at paras 20–23.

[note: 64]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 42.

[note: 65]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 40.

[note: 66]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at p 40.

[note: 67]See also the Appellants’ Further Submissions at p 40.

[note: 68]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 45.

[note: 69]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 47.

[note: 70]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at p 54.

[note: 71]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at p 57; see also pp 56–57
thereof generally.

[note: 72]See RSCB vol I at p 7, lines 7–8 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010); see also RSCB vol I at p 42, line 39 to p
43, line 3 (certified transcript of the assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 73]See RSCB vol I at p 7, lines 7–8 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 74]See RSCB vol 1 at p 44, lines 4–6 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 75]See RSCB vol I at p 43, line 20 to p 44, line 6 (certified
transcript of the assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 76]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 14.

[note: 77]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 14(2); see also ACB
vol II at p 43, lines 9–10 (certified transcript of the assessment hearing on
20 April 2010).

[note: 78]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 16.

[note: 79]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 22.

[note: 80]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 19(1).

[note: 81]_Ibid_.

[note: 82]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 19(2).

[note: 83]See the Appellants’ Further Submissions at para 19(3).

[note: 84]See RSCB vol I at p 33, line 40 to p 34, line 10 (certified
transcript of the assessment hearing on 19 April 2010).

[note: 85]See RSCB vol I at p 31, lines 5–17 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 20 April 2010).

[note: 86]See RSCB vol I at p 10, line 15 to p 11, line 3 (certified
transcript of the assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 87]See RSCB vol 1 at p 45, lines 23–24 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 88]See RSCB vol 1 at p 46, lines 4–6 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 22 June 2010).

[note: 89]See AC at para 28(5).

[note: 90]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions at para 24.

[note: 91]RSCB vol I at p 19, lines 7–9 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 21 April 2010).

[note: 92]RSCB vol I at p 19, lines 13–14 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 21 April 2010).

[note: 93]See RSCB vol I at p 8, lines 23–26 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

[note: 94]RSCB vol I at p 19, lines 6–14 (certified transcript of the
assessment hearing on 21 April 2010), read with RSCB vol I at p 8, lines 23–26
(certified transcript of the assessment hearing on 27 May 2010).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

