Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Quarella SpA _v_ Scelta Marble Australia Pty Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 166

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 122 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ang Wee Tiong (Chris Chong & CT Ho Partnership) for the
plaintiff; Cavinder Bull SC, Woo Shu Yan and Colin Liew (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Quarella SpA — Scelta Marble Australia Pty Ltd  
  
14 August 2012|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 I had before me an application to set aside two arbitration awards made in
an international arbitration conducted under the International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The first award dealt substantively with
the dispute whilst the second dealt with costs.

2 The central issue the plaintiff, Quarella SpA (“Quarella”), wanted me to
decide was this: Does a purportedly wrong interpretation of the choice of law
clause (chosen by the parties to govern their distributorship agreement) by a
tribunal justify a setting aside of an award under Articles
34(2)(a)(iii)-34(2)(a)(iv) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on International
Commercial Arbitration ("the Model Law")? The basis of the plaintiff’s
application was that the tribunal had failed to apply the rules of law that
were agreed upon by the parties to govern the merits of the dispute.

3 In its Originating Summons, Quarella had also alleged that the rules of
natural justice were breached in connection with the making of the first award
and that its rights had been prejudiced thereby. This ground for setting aside
the first award was, however, abandoned at the start of the hearing.

4 At the conclusion of the hearing I dismissed the application. I now set out
my grounds.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

5 Quarella is a company incorporated in Italy which manufactures and exports
composite stone products.

6 The defendant, Scelta Marble Australia Pty Ltd (“Scelta”), is a company
incorporated in Australia which supplies composite stone products in
Australia.

7 In the proceedings before me, the President of Quarella, Giuseppe Godi (“Mr
Godi”), filed two affidavits. The Managing Director of Scelta, Stewart
Macciolli (“Mr Macciolli”), filed one affidavit. There was also a legal
opinion from Professor Marco Torsello, a professor at the Department of Law of
the University of Verona in Italy.

Background to the dispute

8 Quarella and Scelta entered into a distributorship agreement (“the
Agreement”) dated 27 January 2000 for the distribution of Quarella’s products
in Australia. The Agreement provided, _inter alia_ :

_Clause 25_

This Agreement shall be governed by the Uniform Law for International Sales
under the United Nations Convention of April 11, 1980 (Vienna) and where not
applicable by Italian law.

_Clause 26_

Any dispute which might arise shall be decided by arbitration to be carried
out in Singapore in English according to the rules of the International
Chamber of Commerce of Paris.

9 A dispute subsequently arose. Scelta filed a Request for Arbitration dated
19 October 2009 with the Paris Secretariat of the International Chamber of
Commerce (“ICC”) International Court of Arbitration.

10 On 10 December 2009, Associate Professor Gary F Bell was nominated jointly
by Quarella and Scelta to be the sole arbitrator. On 17 February 2010, the
Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration, pursuant to
Article 9(2) of the ICC Rules of Arbitration, confirmed Associate Professor
Gary Bell as the sole arbitrator (“the Tribunal”). The parties and the
Tribunal subsequently agreed on the Terms of Reference.

11 On 11 November 2011, the Tribunal issued a Partial Award on All Substantive
Issues in Dispute (Final as to All Matters Except Costs) (“the Award”). The
Award was in Scelta’s favour and Quarella was ordered to, _inter alia_ , pay
A$1,075,964.25 to Scelta as damages for Quarella’s wrongful termination and
breach of the Agreement. On 22 December 2011, the Tribunal issued a Final
Award (on Costs) (“the Costs Award”) which awarded Scelta costs fixed at
A$824,917.50.

12 As at the date of the hearing before me, Quarella had not made any payment
towards settlement of the Award or the Costs Award. Scelta was attempting to
enforce the Award in Italy but this attempt was resisted by Quarella on the
basis that it was seeking to set aside the Award in Singapore, the supervisory
jurisdiction.

The Tribunal’s decision on the applicable law

13 The question as to what the law applicable to the arbitration was, did not
at first appear to be in doubt. Scelta took the position that Italian law
applied rather than the Uniform Law for International Sales (“CISG”) under the
1980 UN Vienna Convention and Quarella seemed to agree. In Quarella’s Answer
to the Request for Arbitration, it stated:

In fact the [CISG] has a limited application, as it does not govern expressly
distributorship agreements, which is a framework agreement, but the sales to
which it refers to. In this arbitration therefore we shall mostly refer to
(and rely on) Italian law.

14 Scelta pointed out in its submissions that Quarella had, from a very early
stage of the arbitration, accepted that Italian law was the law applicable to
the merits of the dispute. Scelta argued that it was clear from the excerpt
that Quarella considered and accepted that the CISG did not apply to the
Agreement, which was described as a “Distributorship Agreement”. Scelta also
argued that Quarella exclusively referred to and relied on Italian law in its
subsequent submissions.

15 But Quarella changed its stand. In a letter dated 15 April 2011, Quarella’s
Australian solicitors, Baker & McKenzie stated:

Clause 25 of the Agreement constitutes a direct choice by the parties of CISG
as the “rules of law” to determine the dispute between the parties pursuant to
Article 28 of the Model Law.

By virtue of that agreement between the parties, relevant provisions of CISG
(including Articles 7-8 and Articles 74 and 77) apply consistently with the
parties’ express choice of CISG as the primary rules of law applicable to the
[Agreement].

16 This change of position took place three weeks before the re-scheduled
hearing of the arbitration. As a result, Scelta objected to Quarella raising
the application of the CISG at such a late stage in the arbitration
proceedings.

17 The Tribunal decided three preliminary issues prior to determining the main
issue of whether the CISG applied to the Agreement.

18 The first was whether arguments that the CISG applied should be heard at
such a late stage. On this, the Tribunal allowed Quarella to raise the new
argument on the applicable law and gave Scelta an opportunity to reply.

19 The second preliminary issue was whether the agreement of the parties on
the applicable law found in Clause 25 of the Agreement was modified by mutual
agreement so that the CISG did not apply. On this, the Tribunal found that
there was no modification of Clause 25 to completely exclude the application
of the CISG.

20 The third preliminary issue was whether Clause 25 of the Agreement should
be interpreted as a direct choice of the substantive rules of the CISG by the
parties so that the CISG applied even if the conditions for the application of
the CISG stated in the CISG were not met. On this, the Tribunal decided that
the correct interpretation of Clause 25 was that the parties intended the CISG
to apply to the extent that the CISG was applicable according to its own rules
on applicability, and if it did not apply in part or in whole, then Italian
law applied.

21 Having decided the above, the Tribunal then considered the issue of whether
the CISG, according to its own internal criteria, applied to the Agreement. On
this, the Tribunal decided that the CISG was not applicable because the
Agreement did not contain a contract of sale but was a framework agreement.

Quarella’s case

22 Quarella’s counsel, Mr Ang Wee Tiong (“Mr Ang”) submitted that the
Tribunal’s decision on the applicable law was wrong, and that the Tribunal
failed to apply the law chosen by the parties. Quarella’s submission on this
contained three points. First, Quarella noted that by cl 26 of the Agreement,
the parties had agreed that:

Any dispute which might arise shall be decided by arbitration to be carried
out in Singapore in English according to the rules of the International
Chamber of Commerce of Paris.

Quarella pointed out that Art 17 of the ICC Rules provides that:

The parties shall be free to agree upon the rules of law to be applied by the
Arbitral Tribunal to the merits of the dispute. In the absence of any such
agreement, the Arbitral Tribunal shall apply the rules of law which it
determines to be appropriate.

23 Quarella then went on to argue that the option given to parties was not
limited to the election of a national law, and that parties could also use a
different set of rules, including otherwise non-binding principles (such as
the UNIDROIT Principles of International Commercial Contracts), or otherwise
non-applicable conventions, such as the CISG in cases where it would not apply
on the basis of the rules on its applicability.

24 Second, Quarella submitted that it was a well established principle of
contractual interpretation that a construction which entailed that a contract
and its performance was lawful and effective was to be preferred, and referred
to _Sheng Siong Supermarket Pte Ltd v Carilla Pte Ltd_ [2011] 4 SLR 1094 at
[40]. Quarella argued that the Tribunal had, in deciding that the CISG was not
applicable because the Agreement did not contain a contract of sale but was
instead a framework agreement, deprived Clause 25 of any effect.

25 Third, Quarella argued that Italian law was to be used to supplement the
CISG when there was a lacuna, and was not intended to replace the CISG.

26 These three arguments appeared to me to be arguments that invited this
court to review the merits of the Award and come to a different conclusion
from that of the Tribunal. Professor Torsello’s instructions, given to him by
Quarella, also sought answers that went to the findings of the Tribunal. In
his affidavit, Professor Torsello stated:

I have been asked by the Plaintiff to consider and give my opinion on the
following issues:

(a) Whether the Tribunal’s finding on the issue of the applicable law is
correct.

(b) If the Tribunal’s finding is incorrect, what provision(s) of the CISG
could and should have been applicable to the Agreement.

(c) What difference(s) would it have made to the Partial Award if the
provision(s) of the CISG had been applied by the Tribunal instead of Italian
law.

27 Assuming Professor Torsello is correct in his opinion (on which I make no
comment), and the Tribunal has erred, there can be no right of appeal against
such errors, independent of the Act (see, _Sui Southern Gas Company Ltd v
Habibullah Coastal Power Company (Pte) Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 1 at [19]-[22],
applying the Court of Appeal’s decisions in P _T Asuransi_ _Jasa Indonesia
(Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 597 ("_PT Asuransi_ ") and _Soh_
_Beng Tee & Co Pte Ltd v Fairmount Development Pte Ltd_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 86).
Mr Ang, in oral submissions before me, accepted that an error of law was not a
ground for setting aside. However, he also submitted that the application of
the wrong law was a distinct situation.

Scelta’s case

28 Scelta’s counsel, Mr Cavinder Bull SC (“Mr Bull”), submitted that the
arguments put forward by Quarella were not being advanced with any real
seriousness. In addition, Mr Maciolli stated in his affidavit that Quarella
was in a precarious financial position (an allegation Mr Godi described as
misconceived) and the present application was an attempt to frustrate Scelta’s
enforcement of the Award.

29 Mr Bull argued that:

(a) The Tribunal applied the correct substantive law;

(b) Even if the Tribunal was wrong to apply Italian law rather than the CISG
to the merits of the dispute, this was not a ground for setting aside the
Award under Article 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law;

(c) It was not a ground for setting aside the Award under Article
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law to allege that the Tribunal applied the wrong
substantive law.

30 I now turn to deal with the parties’ arguments as they relate to the
relevant Articles of the Model Law.

Should the Award be set aside under Article 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law?

The relevant Article

31 Article 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law states:

**Article 34. — Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award**

(1) Recourse to a court against an arbitral award may be made only by an
application for setting aside in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of
this Article.

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

...

(iv)the composition of the arbitral tribunal or the arbitral procedure was not
in accordance with the agreement of the parties, unless such agreement was in
conflict with a provision of this Law from which the parties cannot derogate,
or, failing such agreement, was not in accordance with this Law;

...

Quarella’s argument

32 Quarella’s argument here was that by failing to apply the CISG and by
applying Italian law, the Tribunal had failed to comply with Article 17 of the
ICC Rules and therefore the arbitral procedure was not in accordance with the
agreement of the parties.

Scelta’s argument

33 Scelta submitted that Quarella’s argument was wrong. In support, Scelta
cited a passage from Gary B Born, _International Commercial Arbitration_
(Kluwer Law International, 2009) (“ _Born_ ”):

_Most national courts have rejected arguments that the arbitrators failed to
comply with the parties’ arbitration agreement by applying the “wrong”
substantive law. This includes instances where arbitrators allegedly apply a
substantive law other than that chosen by the parties._ Save where an
arbitrator _expressly refuses_ to give effect to a concededly valid choice-of-
law clause, and instead applies some other legal system, an award’s
disposition of choice-of-law issues fall within the arbitrators’ mandate to
decide the substance of the parties’ dispute and is subject to the same
(generally very-limited or non-existent) judicial review that exists for other
substantive decisions.

[emphasis added]

Analysis

34 In discussing Article 17 of the ICC Rules, Yves Derains and Eric A.
Schwartz in _A Guide to the ICC Rules of Arbitration_ (Kluwer Law
International, 2nd ed, 2005) (“ _Derains and Schwartz_ ”) state:

**Party agreement**

The freedom of the parties to choose the law to be applied to the merits of
the dispute is widely accepted.

...

Thus, the Arbitral Tribunal does not ordinarily have to assess whether the
parties’ choice as regards the applicable law is well founded or has any
particular connection with the subject matter of the dispute. _It has only to
respect it_.

[emphasis added]

35 A footnote to the paragraph excerpted above reads:

In the event that the Arbitral Tribunal _fails_ to apply the law chosen by the
parties, there may be a risk, at least in some jurisdictions, that the Award
will be set aside. Indeed, this occurred in a non-ICC arbitration in Egypt
upon an Egyptian court’s finding that the Arbitral Tribunal had failed to
apply the law agreed by the parties, as required by Egyptian law (an adapted
version of the UNCITRAL Model Law). _See In the Matter of the Arbitration of
Certain Controversies between Chromalloy Aeroservices and the Arab Republic of
Egypt_ , 939 F. Supp. 907 (D.D.C 1996). However, this would not necessarily be
the case in other jurisdictions.

...

[emphasis added]

36 The case cited in the footnote was discussed in Craig, Park, Paulsson,
_International Chamber of Commerce Arbitration_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd
ed, 2000) (“ _Craig, Park, Paulsson_ ”):

Thus, Article 53(1) of Egypt’s 1994 Law on Arbitration contains the two
following uniquely local grounds for the annulment of awards in addition to
those of Article 34 of the Model Law:

(d) if the arbitral award fails to apply the law agreed by the parties to the
subject matter of the dispute;

...

(g) if nullity occurs in the arbitral award, or if the arbitral proceedings
are tainted by nullity affecting the award.

_This kind of tampering was bound to lead to trouble, and so it did: in the
now-infamous Chromalloy case in which the Cairo Court of Appeal set aside an
ICC award on the basis of paragraph (d)._ To reach this result, the Court
first determined that the contract properly fell under the category of
administrative contracts, and that therefore the contractual reference to
“Egypt Law” (sic) should be understood as an acceptance of the exclusive
application of Egyptian administrative law. The arbitral tribunal had instead
applied the Egyptian Civil Code. _It had thus failed, in the Court’s opinion,
to apply the law agreed by the parties, and therefore run afoul of Article
53(1)(d)._ American and French courts, asked to enforce the award
notwithstanding the Egyptian annulment, granted the applications, holding that
the Egyptian court judgment did not impair the award for the purposes of the
enforcement forum.

...

[emphasis added]

37 Several points can be made from the excerpts cited. First, with respect to
the _Chromalloy_ case cited in _Derains and Schwartz_ and _Craig, Park,
Paulsson_ , there is no equivalent to Article 53(1)(d) in Singapore’s
arbitration law. Second, the learned authors of _Born_ and _Craig, Park,
Paulsson_ and _Derains and Schwartz_ use the words “fails to apply”, “express
refusal [to apply]”, and “respect [the choice of the applicable law]”. The
facts of the present case did not take it within the situation referred to by
the learned authors where there is a failure to apply the choice of law clause
or an express refusal to apply the said clause. The Tribunal in this case
respected the choice of law clause chosen by the parties, interpreted the law
so chosen and came to the conclusion that the CISG did not apply and Italian
law applied. In the Award, the Tribunal took pains to explain the process by
which he derived the applicable law. I set out the relevant portions of the
Award (at [42] – [53] of the Award):

**The applicable law**

Article 17 of the ICC Rules states:

“ _The parties shall be free to agree upon the rules of law to be applied by
the Arbitral Tribunal to the merits of the dispute. In the absence of any such
agreement, the Arbitral Tribunal shall apply the rules of law which it
determines to be appropriate._ ”

As mentioned above, the Contract contains the following choice of law clause:

“ _25\. This Agreement shall be governed by the Uniform Law for International
Sales under the United Nations Convention of April 11, 1980 (Vienna) and where
not applicable by Italian law._ ”

It is not contested by the parties that the full and exact name of the
Convention referred to in clause 25 of the Contract is the “ _United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods_ ” signed in
Vienna on 11 April 1980 and commonly known in English as the CISG
[hereinafter: the CISG].

On page 3 of its Answer to the Request for Arbitration the Respondent wrote:
“In fact the [CISG] has a limited application, as it does not govern expressly
distributorship agreements, which is a framework agreement, but the sales to
which it refers to [sic]. In this arbitration therefore we shall mostly refer
to (and rely on) Italian law.”

Both the Claimant and, more importantly, the Respondent then proceeded to
argue their case in their Memoranda and Replies on the basis of Italian law
without any reference whatsoever to the CISG.

The Respondent even provided an expert witness on Italian law who addressed
the issue of good faith, termination, damages and mitigation under Italian law
without ever mentioning the same issue under the CISG (which is part of
Italian law).

[Witness statement of Franco Vicario, 20 December 2010, Respondent’s documents
no R-VII]

However, on 15 April 2011, only 24 days before the rescheduled hearing, and
well after the hearing originally scheduled for February 2011, counsel for the
Respondent informed the Tribunal and the Claimant by letter that they intended
to argue that the CISG, and in particular its articles 7, 8, 74 and 77,
applied.

This letter therefore came after counsel for the Respondent had based its
argument in its Memorandum and its Reply on the fact that Italian law was the
governing law and that Italian law governed the issue of good faith (counsel
had not argued article 7 of the CISG), the interpretation of contract (counsel
had not argued article 8 of the CISG), the issue of damages (counsel had not
argued article 74 of the CISG) and of mitigation (counsel had not argued
article 77 of the CISG).

The Claimant objected to the introduction of arguments that the CISG applies
at the late stage of the proceedings, first in a letter dated 3 May 2011 and
then again on the first day of the hearing.

At the hearing, the Tribunal heard arguments on, and decided three preliminary
matters with respect to the possible application of the CISG, namely:

a. Whether arguments that the CISG applies should even be heard at such a late
stage.

b. Whether the agreement of the parties on the applicable law found in Clause
25 of the contract was modified by mutual agreement so that the CISG did not
apply.

c. Whether Clause 25 of the Contract should be interpreted as a direct choice
of the substantive rules of the CISG by the parties so that the CISG applies
even if the conditions for the application of the CISG stated in the CISG are
not met.

After deciding these preliminary issues, the Tribunal heard the parties at the
hearing on the main issue of whether the CISG applied to the Contract and
reserved its decision.

The Tribunal will first briefly restate its decisions and reasons on the three
preliminary issues and will then decide on the main issue.

38 The Tribunal decided the third preliminary issue as such (at
[61]-[72],[74]):

The Respondent suggested that the CISG was applicable “not because it has been
incorporated as part of Italian law. Rather, it applies because that is what
the parties have explicitly instructed the arbitral Tribunal to apply [...]”

[Respondent’s Opening Submissions on the Vienna Convention dated 9 May 2011 at
paragraph 11]

The Respondent seemed to suggest that the rules on the applicability of the
CISG are not relevant because clause 25 should be interpreted as a direct
choice of rules; i.e. that the substantive rules of the CISG would be
applicable even if the CISG rules on its own applicability would indicate that
the CISG does not apply, for example, to distribution agreements generally.

To put it differently, even though article 1(1) of the CISG says that it
applies only “to contracts of sale of goods”, the Respondent argues that
clause 25 of the Contract should be interpreted as a choice by the parties to
apply the substantive rules of the CISG even to a contract other than a
contract of sale, i.e. a distribution agreement, notwithstanding the rules of
application found in the CISG.

There remains however that the clause 25 also states that the Contract is
governed by the CISG “** __and where not applicable__** _by Italian law_ ” so
we do have to decide when the CISG is applicable and when it is not.

The Respondent suggested that we should not look at the rules on applicability
found in the CISG to decide when the CISG applies. The Respondent did not
however explain fully what the criteria should be to decide when the CISG does
not apply and Italian law applies. In one example, the Respondent suggested
that the rules governing the termination of contract found in the CISG “sit
too awkwardly with a contract of the kind like the Distribution Agreement”.

[Respondent’s Opening Submissions on the Vienna Convention dated 9 May 2011 at
paragraph 17]

Awkwardness does not seem to be a reliable or workable criterion to decide
when the CISG does or does not apply, and the Tribunal does not believe that
this was what the parties had in mind when they agreed to clause 25.

In fact, at the opening of the hearing the Respondent contended that articles
7, 8, 74 to 78 of the CISG applied but did not explain why they applied and
all the other articles of the CISG did not apply.

[Respondent’s Opening Submissions on the Vienna Convention dated 9 May 2011 at
paragraph 17]

The Tribunal also notes that beside saying that these particular articles
apply, counsel for the Respondent limited their argument to a few general
paragraphs in their Opening Submissions on the CISG and did not explain the
effect of article 8, 74 to 78 on the facts in dispute. In fact the Respondent
argued that “Italian principles of damages law are substantially identical to
the principles of damages law embodied in article 74 and 77 of the [CISG]”.

[Paragraph 18 of the Respondent’s Opening Submissions on The Vienna Convention
dated 9 May 2011]

It therefore seems that the Respondent is of the view that these particular
articles made no different on damages.

The only point that the Respondent seems to want to take from the CISG is the
fact that according to some authors and decisions, article 7 of the CISG does
not contain as liberal a concept of good faith as Italian law does.

Therefore it seems to be the position of the Respondent that articles 8 and 74
to 78 of the CISG apply but that most of them are identical to Italian law,
but article 7 of the CISG also applies and it enforces a much more limited
concept of good faith than the one found in Italian law.

The Tribunal finds that the Respondent has failed to explain why all the other
provisions of the CISG either do not apply or make no difference, except for
that one provision of the CISG, article 7, and that provision alone. This
selective approach looks like an exercise in cherry picking. No clear
explanation was given by the Respondent for when the CISG applies and when it
does not apply.

...

At the hearing on 11 May 2011, the Tribunal decided that, as a matter of
contractual interpretation, the correct interpretation of clause 25 of the
Contract was that the parties had intended the CISG to apply to the extend
that the CISG is applicable according to its own rules on applicability, and
if it did not apply in part or in whole, then Italian law applied.

[emphasis in original]

39 The Tribunal then went on, in the next 31 paragraphs of the Award, to set
out the reason as to why the decision was made that the CISG was not
applicable; in the Tribunal’s opinion the Agreement did not contain a contract
of sale but was a mere framework agreement.

40 Accordingly, the Tribunal did, pursuant to Article 17 of the ICC Rules,
_respect_ the choice of law clause set out in the contract. Parties did agree
on the rules of law to be applied to the dispute, and the Tribunal did apply
the chosen rules of law to the dispute. The real point of dispute was that
Quarella considered that the Tribunal applied the chosen law wrongly. That
dispute was not one that engaged Article 34(2)(a)(iv) of the Model Law.
Accordingly, I declined to set aside the Award under Article 34(2)(a)(iv) of
the Model Law.

Should the Award be set aside under Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law?

The relevant Article

41 Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law states:

**Article 34. — Application for setting aside as exclusive recourse against
arbitral award**

(1) Recourse to a court against an arbitral award may be made only by an
application for setting aside in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3) of
this Article.

(2) An arbitral award may be set aside by the court specified in Article 6
only if:

(a) the party making the application furnishes proof that:

...

(iii) the award deals with a dispute not contemplated by or not falling within
the terms of the submission to arbitration, or contains decisions on matters
beyond the scope of the submission to arbitration, provided that, if the
decisions on matters submitted to arbitration can be separated from those not
so submitted, only that part of the award which contains decisions on matters
not submitted to arbitration may be set aside;

Quarella’s arguments

42 Quarella’s arguments in support of this ground were scant and lacking in
substance. It began by setting out the text of Article 34(2)(a)(iii).
Following that, Quarella cited a passage from an article entitled _Getting to
the Law Applicable to the Merits in International Arbitration and the
Consequences of Getting It Wrong_ by Linda Silberman and Franco Ferrari (“the
Ferrari/Silberman article”), which read:

We think that the arbitrators have in fact “exceeded their powers” or gone
beyond the “scope of submission to arbitration” where an express choice of law
has been included by the parties to govern the merits of their dispute and the
arbitrators apply another law or fail to apply the law chosen.

43 Quarella acknowledged that the passage was written in the context of
Article V(1)(c) of the New York Convention, but asserted that the words used
in Article V(1)(c) are _in pari_ _materia_ with the words in Article
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. Accordingly, it submitted, the Tribunal, in
applying Italian law (which was not the law expressly chosen by the parties)
had gone beyond the scope of submission to arbitration. The entire written
submission on this argument was made up of four short and underdeveloped
paragraphs.

44 This was not a particularly novel argument. In _The Arbitrators’ Duty to
Respect the Parties’ Choice of Law in Commercial Arbitration_ , 79 St. John's
L. Rev. 59, Cindy Buys states (at 69-72):

The contractual nature of arbitration serves to distinguish it from
litigation. Unlike judges, who are appointed or elected by law, arbitrators
are appointed by the private agreement of the parties, and their allegiance
should be to seeing that the terms of that private agreement are carried out.
The arbitrator's duty to respect the wishes of the parties as expressed in
their written agreement extends to respect for the parties' choice of law in a
commercial transaction.

...

Absent overriding public policy considerations, reviewing courts also should
respect party autonomy pursuant to two well-established doctrines. First,
respecting party autonomy in arbitration furthers the federal policy in favor
of arbitration as reflected in the FAA. As stated above, the FAA creates the
right to have the arbitration proceed in accordance with the parties' wishes.
If the parties know that courts will uphold arbitration awards that are made
in accordance with the parties' wishes, the parties will be even more likely
to resort to arbitration as an alternative means of dispute resolution.
Routine respect for the parties' agreement makes the process more certain and
predictable, thus allowing business persons to better plan their business and
legal dealings and relationships.

Second, respecting the agreement of the parties is consistent with the general
policy favoring freedom of contract. When courts are deciding disputes arising
out of contractual relationships, the intent of the parties is generally
controlling. Likewise, an arbitral tribunal is bound to effectuate the intent
of the parties. _These same principles should be applied to require
enforcement of contractual provisions reflecting the choice of law made by the
parties. Thus, if a court is reviewing an arbitral award where the arbitrators
have failed to respect the parties' choice of law, the court should vacate
that award because the arbitrators have exceeded their powers._

[emphasis added]

45 And in a footnote to the last sentence of the excerpt, Buys states:

The FAA provides that one of the grounds for vacation of an arbitral award is
“[w]here the arbitrators exceeded their powers.” 9 U.S.C. § 10(a)(4). Despite
this language, at least one scholar, Thomas Carbonneau, suggested that
arbitrators have certain inherent authority implied by their designation as
arbitrators to manage and conduct the proceedings and that this authority may
include the power to overrule the parties' choice of law in the “best
interests of the process.” See Thomas E. Carbonneau, The Ballad of Transborder
Arbitration, 56 Miami L. Rev. 773, 814, 820-21 (2002). He argued that in
choosing arbitration, the parties bargained for a “workable process” in
exchange for placing “enormous authority and trust in the arbitrator.” Id. at
815. While it is true that arbitrators are vested with certain inherent
authority to manage the arbitral process, this author believes that the
arbitrators' inherent authority is limited to matters that the parties have
not expressly agreed upon, i.e., to fill in gaps. Where the parties have
expressly bargained for and agreed upon a contractual term, the arbitrator
lacks the power to _overrule_ the parties' agreement.

[emphasis added]

Scelta’s arguments

46 Scelta argued that, in reality, what Quarella was saying was that the
Tribunal made the wrong decision and fell into error. Scelta also argued that
the Tribunal did not decide matters beyond its ambit of reference; the
Tribunal was _specifically asked_ by Quarella to decide on the applicability
of the CISG.

47 Scelta also cited two passages from _Born_ , the first of which read:

... a considerable measure of judicial deference is accorded the arbitrators’
interpretation of the scope of their mandate under the parties’ submissions.

_Courts are particularly unwilling to accept arguments that, by ignoring or
refusing to give effect to the terms of the parties’ underlying contract, the
tribunal exceeded its authority. It is typically held that such arguments
amount to an effort to obtain judicial review of the merits of the tribunal’s
decision; as such, these efforts do not constitute an excess of authority and
instead, at most, involve an allegedly incorrect decision in the exercise of
such authority._

[emphasis added]

48 The paragraph which followed (which was not cited) read:

This was reflected in a recent decision in _Lesotho Highlands Development
Authority v. Impregilo_ _SpA_ , where the House of Lords rejected the argument
that an arbitral tribunal’s application of English law, rather than the terms
of the parties’ contract, constituted an excess of authority which permitted
annulment of its award under s 68 of the Act. Lord Steyn declared that
“nowhere in s 68 is there any hint that a failure by the tribunal to arrive at
the ‘correct decision’ could afford a ground for challenge under s 68.” While
this view is both clearly correct and representative of most decisions,
national courts are nonetheless sometimes persuaded – wrongly – to treat
arguable errors of law as an excess of authority.

49 The second passage cited by Scelta read:

_Neither the New York Convention nor most developed arbitration statutes
expressly permit non-recognition of an arbitral award because the arbitrators
erred in their choice-of-law analysis._ Rather, as noted above, and in the
absence of a choice of law agreement, the arbitrators’ choice-of-law decisions
are subsumed within their rulings on the merits of the parties’ dispute, and
thus subject to the general presumption in favour of recognition under the
Convention and most developed arbitration legislation. _Thus, except where
statutory protections or public policy issues are involved, judicial review of
the arbitrators’ choice-of-law decisions concerning the substantive law
applicable to the merits of the parties’ dispute is usually minimal in
developed national courts, both in common law and civil law jurisdictions._

[emphasis added]

Analysis

50 I turn to explain why the setting aside application under s 34(2)(a)(iii)
was misconceived.

A discussion of Article 34(2)(a)(iii)

51 In _PT Asuransi_ , the Court of Appeal said, in discussing Article
34(2)(a)(iii) (at [37]):

_The law on the jurisdiction of an arbitral tribunal is well established.
Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law merely reflects the basic principle
that an arbitral tribunal has no jurisdiction to decide any issue not referred
to it for determination by the parties._ In relation to this matter, we note
Lord Halsbury's observations in _London and North Western and Great Western
Joint Railway Companies v J H Billington, Limited_ [1899] AC 79, where he
noted, at 81, as follows:

I do not think any lawyer could reasonably contend that, when parties are
referring differences to arbitration, under whatever authority that reference
is made, you could for the first time introduce a new difference after the
order of arbitration was made. Therefore, upon that question I certainly do
give a very strong opinion.

[emphasis added]

52 In _CRW Joint Operation v PT Perusahaan Gas Negara (Persero) TBK_ [2011] 4
SLR 305 (“ _Persero_ ”), the Court of Appeal set out the law relating to
Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law (at [30]-[33]):

In _PT Asuransi_ _Jasa Indonesia (Persero) v Dexia Bank SA_ [2007] 1 SLR(R)
597, this court held (at [44]) that the court had to adopt a two-stage enquiry
in assessing whether an arbitral award ought to be set aside under Art
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. Specifically, it had to determine:

(a) first, what matters were within the scope of submission to the arbitral
tribunal; and

(b) second, whether the arbitral award involved such matters, or whether it
involved "a new difference ... outside the scope of the submission to
arbitration and accordingly ... irrelevant to the issues requiring
determination" [emphasis in original] (at [40]).

It is useful, at this juncture, to set out some of the legal principles
underlying the application of Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law. First, Art
34(2)(a)(iii) is not concerned with the situation where an arbitral tribunal
did not have jurisdiction to deal with the dispute which it purported to
determine. _Rather, it applies where the arbitral tribunal improperly decided
matters that had not been submitted to it or failed to decide matters that had
been submitted to it._ In other words, Art 34(2)(a)(iii) addresses the
situation where the arbitral tribunal exceeded (or failed to exercise) the
authority that the parties granted to it (see Gary B Born, _International
Commercial Arbitration_ (Wolters Kluwer, 2009) at vol 2, pp 2606-2607 and
2798-2799). This ground for setting aside an arbitral award covers only an
arbitral tribunal's substantive jurisdiction and does not extend to procedural
matters (see Robert Merkin & Johanna Hjalmarsson, _Singapore Arbitration
Legislation Annotated_ (Informa, 2009) ("Singapore Arbitration Legislation")
at p 117).

Second, it must be noted that a failure by an arbitral tribunal to deal with
every issue referred to it will not ordinarily render its arbitral award
liable to be set aside. The crucial question in every case is whether there
has been real or actual prejudice to either (or both) of the parties to the
dispute. In this regard, the following passage in Redfern and Hunter ([27]
supra at para 10.40) correctly summarises the position:

The significance of the issues that were not dealt with has to be considered
in relation to the award as a whole. For example, it is not difficult to
envisage a situation in which the issues that were overlooked were of such
importance that, if they had been dealt with, the whole balance of the award
would have been altered and its effect would have been different. [emphasis
added]

_Third, it is trite that mere errors of law or even fact are not sufficient to
warrant setting aside an arbitral award under Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model
Law_ (see _Sui Southern Gas Co Ltd v Habibullah Coastal Power Co (Pte) Ltd_
[2010] 3 SLR 1 at [19]-[22]). In the House of Lords decision of _Lesotho
Highlands Development Authority v Impregilo_ _SpA_ [2006] 1 AC 221, which
concerned an application to set aside an arbitral award on the ground of the
arbitral tribunal's "exceeding its powers" (see s 68(2)(b) of the Arbitration
Act 1996 (c 23) (UK) ("the UK Arbitration Act")), Lord Steyn made clear (at
[24]-[25]) the vital distinction between the erroneous exercise by an arbitral
tribunal of an available power vested in it (which would amount to no more
than a mere error of law) and the purported exercise by the arbitral tribunal
of a power which it did not possess. Only in the latter situation, his
Lordship stated, would an arbitral award be liable to be set aside under s
68(2)(b) of the UK Arbitration Act on the ground that the arbitral tribunal
had exceeded its powers. In a similar vein, Art 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law
applies where an arbitral tribunal exceeds its authority by deciding matters
beyond its ambit of reference or fails to exercise the authority conferred on
it by failing to decide the matters submitted to it, which in turn prejudices
either or both of the parties to the dispute (see above at [31]).

[emphasis added]

53 The first and third principles are what I applied to this case. With regard
to the first principle, on the facts before me, this was not a case where the
arbitral tribunal improperly decided matters that had not been submitted to it
or failed to decide matters that had been submitted to it. The issue of the
applicable law was submitted to the Tribunal; the Award addressed this
explicitly (at [48] of the Award). The Tribunal did decide the matters that
were submitted to it.

54 With regard to the third principle, besides examining the guidance set out
by the Court of Appeal in the excerpts above, Quarella would not have had to
venture too far to find literature that would have indicated that the
prospects of it succeeding in the setting aside application on this ground
were dim. A recently published monograph by Chan Leng Sun, _Singapore Law on
Arbitral Awards_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) states (at para 6.127):

An issue that is within the scope of submission to arbitration does not go
outside the scope simply because the arbitral tribunal comes to a wrong
conclusion on it. Unless the award contained decisions beyond the scope of the
arbitration agreement, an error in interpreting the contract does not permit
setting aside under Article 34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law 1985. _Neither
would an argument that the tribunal applied the wrong governing law constitute
a ground for setting aside an award._

[emphasis added]

55 Quarella’s attempt to set aside the Award under 34(2)(a)(iii) was based
entirely on a disagreement with the interpretation the Tribunal took regarding
the choice of law clause. The dispute was not one that engaged Article
34(2)(a)(iii) of the Model Law.

56 Whilst it is not strictly necessary for me to do so, I would like to
explain why the Ferrari/Silberman article did not assist Quarella.

57 From a reading of the whole article, it is apparent that the article was
making a proposal, as was stated in the heading to the concluding section. The
article was not stating the current legal position. It was also conceded by
the authors that the suggested position was based less on case law than on
policy or views from commentators. Further, the article refers to the
_deliberate disregard or the ignoring by the arbitrator_ of the choice of law
clause agreed on by the parties. It is even made clear on more than one
occasion that cases of that nature _should be distinguished_ from situations
where the arbitrators applied the applicable law incorrectly.

58 It would appear that the arguments in the Ferrari/Silberman article were
similar to those put forward earlier under s 34(2)(a)(iv), albeit under a
different subsection of the same Article in the Model Law. In response to the
arguments, I found that the Tribunal here did not deliberately disregard or
ignore or overrule the parties’ choice of law clause. It did not fail to
honour (or in the words of Buys, fail to respect) the choice of law clause set
out by the parties. Accordingly, Quarella failed to convince me that I should
set aside the Award pursuant to Article 34(2)(a)(iii).

59 For completeness, Quarella, having failed to convince me to set aside the
Award, also failed to convince me that the Costs Award should be set aside.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

