Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mathavakannan s/o Kalimuthu _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGHC 39

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 129 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Subhas Anandan and Sunil Sudheesan (RHT Law LLP) for the
plaintiff; Aedit Abdullah and Darryl Soh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Mathavakannan s/o Kalimuthu — Attorney-General  
  
27 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This matter commenced by way of a criminal motion (_viz_ Criminal Motion No
81 of 2011), brought by Mathavakannan s/o Kalimuthu (“the Applicant”) for the
following orders or declarations:

(1) that the decision by the Director of Prisons to hold that the Applicant’s
sentence of life imprisonment as commuted by the President equates to the
imprisonment for the Applicant’s remaining natural life is contrary to the
Honourable Court of Appeal’s pronouncement in _Abdul Nasir bin Amer_ _Hamsah
v_ _Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 842 at 861;

(2) that the law applicable on 26 May 1996 (the date of the Applicant’s
offence) applies to the Presidential clemency (to commute [the Applicant’s]
death sentence to one of life imprisonment) granted to the Applicant on 28
April 1998; and/or

(3) that there may be such further or other relief as may be deemed just in
the circumstances.

[original emphasis omitted]

2 The issue arising in this matter concerns the interpretation of “life
imprisonment” in the commutation order of 28 April 1998 made in exercise of
the President’s commutation powers under s 238 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) (see [19]-[21] below).

3 The Respondent raised a preliminary objection to the commencement of this
action by way of a criminal motion. As the Applicant agreed to converting it
to an originating summons (“OS”), I do not need to consider the merits of the
mode of commencement. The Applicant made an oral application before me for the
proceedings to be heard by way of an OS pursuant to O 5 r 14 read with O 15 r
16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), with any documents to be
regularised accordingly and I granted it. This matter was thus thereafter
referred to as an OS, and the Applicant and Respondent were referred to as the
“Plaintiff” and “Defendant” respectively.

4 Having read the submissions and heard the oral arguments put forward by both
sides, I declared that the President’s commutation order for the Plaintiff to
be “imprisoned for life” referred to an imprisonment term of 20 years. I now
render the grounds of my decision.

Facts

5 The Plaintiff, a Singaporean male currently 33 years of age, and two other
accused persons were jointly charged for murder with common intention for an
act committed on 26 May 1996. The Plaintiff was aged 18 years 16 days old at
that time. On 27 November 1996, the three were tried and convicted in the High
Court and were sentenced to suffer death (see _Public Prosecutor v Asogan_
_Ramesh_ _s/o Ramachandren & 2 others_ [1997] SGHC 181). The Court of Appeal
dismissed the appeal on 14 October 1997 (_Asogan_ _Ramesh_ _s/o Ramachandren
and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 201). Clemency petitions were
thereafter filed by the three convicted persons, but only the Plaintiff’s
petition (filed on 13 January 1998) was granted.

6 On 28 April 1998, the President of the Republic of Singapore Mr Ong Teng
Cheong (“President Ong”) commuted the Plaintiff’s sentence of death to a
sentence of life imprisonment. The commutation order was phrased as follows:

WHEREAS Mathavakannan K, having been tried at the High Court, Singapore, was
on the 27 November 1996, in due form of law convicted of and sentenced to
death for the commission of an offence of murder:

AND WHEREAS I have, upon the advice of the Cabinet, decided in the exercise of
my prerogative that the said sentence of death passed upon him be _commuted to
a sentence of life imprisonment_ :

NOW, THEREFORE, I, ONG TENG CHEONG, President of the Republic of Singapore, in
exercise of the powers conferred on me by section 238 of the Criminal
Procedure Code, _do hereby commute the said sentence of death and order that
the said Mathavakannan K be imprisoned for life_.

GIVEN under my Hand and the Seal at the Istana, Singapore, this 28th day of
April 1998.

[emphasis added]

7 On 15 November 1999, the Singapore Prison Service (“Prisons”) wrote to the
Traffic Police telling the officer-in-charge that the Plaintiff had been
serving life imprisonment in prison since 4 July 1996.

8 President Ong’s term in office ended on 31 August 1999, and he passed away
on 8 February 2002.

9 On 14 November 2002, Prisons wrote to the Singapore Armed Forces stating,
_inter alia_ , that the Plaintiff’s tentative date of release was 28 August
2011.

10 On 13 September 2006 and 18 December 2006, two letters were written to
Prisons requesting clarification of the Plaintiff’s release date. On 28
December 2006, Prisons replied stating that President Ong had commuted the
Plaintiff’s death sentence to “natural life imprisonment”. Counsel for the
Plaintiff sought clarification from Prisons via a letter on 4 January 2007,
and Prisons said that more time was required to look into the matter. On 5
March 2007, Prisons replied to the Plaintiff, stating that upon clarification
with the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“AGC”), the commutation of the
Plaintiff’s death sentence “by the President to life imprisonment should be
construed as life imprisonment for his remaining natural life”.

11 The Plaintiff’s mother subsequently sent a letter to the Minister for Law
on 26 October 2010. Prisons responded on 3 December 2010, stating _inter alia_
that the “commutation of death sentence to life imprisonment, effective on 28
April 1998, by the President should be construed as life imprisonment for his
remaining natural life”.

12 On 28 March 2011, counsel for the Plaintiff wrote in again to the AGC to
restate the Plaintiff’s case. The AGC replied on 28 July 2011, turning down
the Plaintiff’s request. The AGC further stated that the Plaintiff would be
referred to the Life Imprisonment Review Board.

13 In the circumstances, the Plaintiff filed the present criminal motion (now
OS – see [3] above), seeking a determination that the Plaintiff’s sentence,
commuted by President Ong to life imprisonment, is in effect for 20 years,
consistent with the pronouncement of the Court of Appeal in _Abdul Nasir bin
Amer_ _Hamsah v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 2 SLR(R) 842 (“ _Abdul Nasir_ ”).

The pronouncement in _Abdul Nasir_

14 In _Abdul Nasir_ , the Court of Appeal faced the issue of whether life
imprisonment meant imprisonment for the remainder of a prisoner’s natural
life. Although s 45 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) defined “life” as
denoting the life of a human being, there was a practice that life
imprisonment meant 20 years’ imprisonment (see _Neo Man Lee v Public
Prosecutor_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 918). Since 1954, Prisons had also regarded life
imprisonment as meaning a term of 20 years’ imprisonment with the possibility
of remission. It should also be pointed out that s 57 of the Penal Code at
that time provided that the term “imprisonment for life” is to be construed as
the equivalent to imprisonment for 20 years in calculating the fractions of
terms of punishment. In a landmark judgment considering the proper
interpretation of “life imprisonment”, the Court of Appeal held that “life
imprisonment” ought to be accorded its natural and ordinary meaning, _viz_
imprisonment for the duration of the prisoner’s natural life (_Abdul Nasir_ at
[70]).

15 However, the Court of Appeal was mindful of Art 11 of the Constitution of
the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed) (“the Singapore Constitution”) which
provided that no person shall suffer greater punishment for an offence than
was prescribed by law at the time it was committed (_Abdul Nasir_ at [49]). As
such, the Court of Appeal emphasised the need to protect the legitimate
expectations of individuals who arranged their affairs according to the
expectation that “life imprisonment” would be interpreted as a term of 20
years (_ibid_ at [56]). The Court of Appeal was careful to make its
interpretation of life imprisonment _prospective_ , in the following manner
(_ibid_ at [70]):

For the reasons set out above, we concluded that the expression “life
imprisonment” or “imprisonment for life” must mean imprisonment for the
remaining natural life of the prisoner, unless the legislation has provided
otherwise. This judicial pronouncement by us now shall have prospective
effect, thereby affecting _only those offences which carry a life sentence
committed after the date of delivery of this judgment. However, should the
offence be committed before the date of delivery of this judgment, the old
practice of 20 years imprisonment would continue to apply to these offenders._
[emphasis added]

16 In this regard, it should be noted that the judgment in _Abdul Nasir_ was
delivered on 20 August 1997 and the date of the offence committed by the
Plaintiff was 26 May 1996.

Parties’ arguments

17 Counsel for the Plaintiff raised four points in support of his contention
that the Plaintiff’s commuted sentence of life imprisonment should be
interpreted as a term of 20 years’ imprisonment, as follows:

(a) First, he argued that it was clear from _Abdul Nasir_ that for offences
committed before the date of the judgment in _Abdul Nasir_ , _ie_ 20 August
1997, life imprisonment was consistently given the technical meaning of 20
years’ imprisonment with the possibility of remission, and that the legitimate
and reasonable expectations of the offender should be given due consideration
when determining if the prospective approach should be applied. In this case,
the Plaintiff’s offence was committed before the date of the judgment in
_Abdul Nasir_.

(b) Second, he pointed out that on 14 November 2002, Prisons stated that the
Plaintiff’s “tentative date of release is 28 August 2011”.Prisons could only
have stated this if it was of the opinion that life imprisonment meant 20
years’ imprisonment and was subject to remission; that means that when Prisons
applied its mind to President Ong’s commutation order, it formed the view that
life imprisonment meant 20 years with remission. This led the Plaintiff to
believe for a period of almost eight years that he only had to serve 20 years’
imprisonment with remission.

(c) Third, the AGC advises the Cabinet, which in turn advises the President to
sign a clemency order. It was inconceivable that the AGC, which would have
known about the decision in _Abdul Nasir_ , would advise the Cabinet that
President Ong could ignore _Abdul Nasir_ ’s ruling and apply the natural life
interpretation retrospectively.

(d) Fourth, the Plaintiff had developed the impression that he was facing a
20-year imprisonment term with the prospects of remission should his behaviour
remain good. According to counsel for the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff had the
legitimate belief that life imprisonment meant 20 years, as bolstered by the
various pronouncements by Prisons and the explicit words of the Court of
Appeal that _Abdul Nasir_ had no retrospective effect.

18 The Defendant took the position that it was inconclusive whether the
Plaintiff’s commuted sentence of life imprisonment should be interpreted as a
term of 20 years’ imprisonment, for the following reasons:

(a) First, it was possible that the Court of Appeal’s prospective
pronouncement in _Abdul Nasir_ was not meant to apply to offences that carried
the death penalty. Although the Court of Appeal initially remarked broadly
that its decision would “affect only offences committed _after_ the
pronouncement” [emphasis in original] (_Abdul Nasir_ at [66]), it subsequently
stated that its judicial pronouncement shall affect “only those _offences
which carry a life sentence_ committed after the date of delivery of this
judgment” [emphasis added] (_ibid_ at [70]). The Defendant submitted that the
Court of Appeal’s intention from the plain and ordinary words could have been
deliberate: it limited the impact of its pronouncement to the _class of
offences_ stated, _viz_ offences which carried a life sentence. In the present
case, the Plaintiff was charged with and convicted of murder with common
intention, an offence that carried a mandatory death penalty by virtue of s
302 of the Penal Code. Accordingly, it was not an offence intended to come
within the scope of the pronouncement.

(b) Second, it was possible that the Court of Appeal’s prospective
pronouncement was not meant to apply to commuted life sentences by the
President. This argument was premised on the fact that in _Yong Vui Kong v
Attorney-General_ [2011] 2 SLR 1189 (“ _Yong Vui Kong_ ”) at [74], the Court
of Appeal remarked that the clemency power was a legal power of an
extraordinary character, being an act of executive grace and not a legal
right. In this regard, the interpretation of a life imprisonment sentence may
not only be dependent on the date in which the offence was committed, but also
on how the life imprisonment sentence was arrived at. Given the extraordinary
character of the clemency power, the interpretation ascribed to commuted life
imprisonment sentences is arguably _sui_ _generis_.

(c) Third, the arguments were equally weighed on the issue of whether the
Plaintiff could have had any legitimate expectations of his sentence being
construed as being an imprisonment term of 20 years since President Ong
commuted his sentence after the decision in _Abdul Nasir_ , because:

(i) Any claim to a legitimate expectation must be viewed against the
background of the law as it stood at the date of the clemency petition. The
clemency petition was filed on 13 January 1998, and therefore the relevant law
was imprisonment for one’s natural life as decided in _Abdul Nasir_. In this
regard, the Defendant pointed out that a legitimate expectation could only
arise on the basis of a lawful promise or practice (see _Regina v Secretary of
State for Education and Employment_ , _Ex parte_ _Begbie_ [2000] 1 WLR 1115 at
1125; _Rowland v Environment Agency_ [2003] Ch 581 at [69], as approved by the
English Court of Appeal in [2005] Ch 1 at [67]). Accordingly, the letter dated
14 November 2002 by Prisons to the Singapore Armed Forces did not create any
legitimate expectations, as it would have been _ultra vires_ for Prisons to
make that representation in the first place.

(ii) It will also be erroneous to say that any claim to legitimate expectation
in respect of a commuted sentence is to be viewed from the date the Plaintiff
committed the offence, as there is no legal right to clemency.

(iii) However, the Defendant acknowledged that legitimate expectations could
have arisen from the prospective pronouncement in _Abdul Nasir_ – that once
clemency was granted, and once the commuted sentence had been pronounced,
there might have been legitimate expectations on what life imprisonment meant
_vis-à-vis_ the prospective pronouncement in _Abdul Nasir_ , _viz_ that life
imprisonment sentences were to be construed as 20 years’ imprisonment if the
date of the offence was before the delivery of the judgment.

Decision

19 President Ong had commuted the Plaintiff’s sentence under s 238 of the CPC,
which reads as follows:

**Power to commute punishment**

238\. The President, acting in accordance with section 8 of the Republic of
Singapore Independence Act may, without the consent of the person sentenced,
commute any one of the following sentences for any other mentioned after it:

(a) death;

(b) imprisonment;

(c) fine.

20 The basis for s 238 of the CPC was s 8 of the Republic of Singapore
Independence Act (Act 9 of 1965, 1985 Rev Ed) (“RSIA”). For the avoidance of
doubt, s 8 of the RSIA was subsequently incorporated verbatim into the 1999
Reprint of the Singapore Constitution as Art 22P (see _Yong Vui Kong_ at [26]
and [171], as well as _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 1 (LexisNexis, 2008
Reissue) at para 10.843 n 1). However, as Art 22P of the Singapore
Constitution only came into effect on 1 July 1999, at the time of making the
commutation order in this case (_viz_ 28 April 1998), President Ong was
exercising power granted by s 238 of the CPC read with s 8 of the RSIA.
Section 8 of the RSIA reads as follows:

**Grant of pardon**

8.—(1) The President, as occasion shall arise, may, on the advice of the
Cabinet —

(a) grant a pardon to any accomplice in any offence who gives information
which leads to the conviction of the principal offender or any one of the
principal offenders, if more than one;

(b) grant to any offender convicted of any offence in any court in Singapore,
_a pardon, free or subject to lawful conditions, or any reprieve or respite,
either indefinite or for such period as the President may think fit, of the
execution of any sentence pronounced on such offender_ ; or

(c) remit the whole or any part of such sentence or of any penalty or
forfeiture imposed by law.

(2) Where any offender has been condemned to death by the sentence of any
court and in the event of an appeal such sentence has been confirmed by the
appellate court, the President shall cause the reports which are made to him
by the Judge who tried the case and the Chief Justice or other presiding Judge
of the appellate court to be forwarded to the Attorney-General with
instructions that, after the Attorney-General has given his opinion thereon,
the reports shall be sent, together with the Attorney-General’s opinion, to
the Cabinet so that the Cabinet may advise the President on the exercise of
the power conferred on him by subsection (1).

[emphasis added]

21 It is clear from s 8(1)(b) of the RSIA that the power of clemency is
untrammelled. The President, acting on the advice of the Cabinet, may, in the
exercise of power under s 8 of the RSIA, grant a “pardon, free or subject to
lawful conditions”, or “any reprieve or respite, either indefinite or for such
period as the President may think fit”. This meant that the President was
empowered to commute a capital sentence to, _inter alia_ , an imprisonment
term of _any_ period. The President was not bound, when commuting a capital
sentence, to impose “life imprisonment” in accordance with how that term was
understood under the law at the time of the commutation; indeed, it was
clearly open to the President to commute a capital sentence to a sentence
_lower_ than “life imprisonment” (regardless of whether it meant “natural
life” or “20 years”).

22 The question that arose for determination by this court was therefore the
following: What did President Ong, acting on the advice of the Cabinet, intend
when commuting the sentence of death imposed on the Plaintiff to an order that
the Plaintiff be “imprisoned for life”?

23 It should be noted from the outset that the present OS _did not_ require
this court to question the merits of President Ong’s commutation decision;
instead, all that was required was this court’s _interpretation_ of President
Ong’s commutation order. Such interpretation of executive orders is within the
province of this court. While not dealing directly with the interpretation of
executive orders, support for the proposition just made may be found in the
principles enunciated in _Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the
Civil Service_ [1985] AC 374 (“ _GCHQ_ ”), _Chng Suan Tze v Minister for Home
Affairs and others and other appeals_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525 (“ _Chng Suan Tze_
”) and _Yong Vui Kong_. In both _GCHQ_ and _Chng Suan Tze_ , the UK House of
Lords and the Singapore Court of Appeal respectively held that while the
executive was the sole judge of what action was necessary in the interests of
national security, the courts were nonetheless empowered to determine whether
a particular executive decision was in fact based on grounds of national
security. Based on the same principles, the Court of Appeal recently held in
_Yong Vui Kong_ that while the merits of a clemency decision generally fall
outside the purview of courts, the procedural safeguards _vis-à-vis_ the
exercise of clemency power were amenable to judicial review (_Yong Vui Kong_
at [75]-[85]). Indeed, reasoning from the decision in _Yong Vui Kong_ , it may
be said that the logically prior step before a court is able to judicially
review whether the requisite procedural safeguards have been complied with
_vis-à-vis_ the exercise of clemency power will probably involve an
interpretation of the clemency order itself.

24 In the present case, President Ong could have meant one of two things when
commuting the capital sentence to an order for the Plaintiff to be “imprisoned
for life”, _viz_ either (a) that the Plaintiff would suffer imprisonment for
20 years under the pre-_Abdul Nasir_ regime given, _inter alia_ , that the
offence was committed _before_ the date of the _Abdul Nasir_ judgment; or (b)
that the Plaintiff would suffer imprisonment for the rest of his natural life
under the _Abdul Nasir_ regime given, _inter alia_ , that the commutation took
place _after_ the _Abdul Nasir_ judgment.

25 There is therefore an ambiguity over what exactly President Ong meant when
he ordered that the Plaintiff be “imprisoned for life”. Against the backdrop
of such ambiguity, it was necessary for me to decide which of the two
interpretations President Ong had intended. I should point out that the
Defendant did not produce any evidence as to what President Ong had meant by
the term “life imprisonment” when he made the commutation order.

26 As is evident from [17]-[18] above, the arguments supporting each of the
two interpretations were finely balanced. This was acknowledged by the
parties, and in particular, the Defendant. In my view, due to the significant
change in the law as of the date of the _Abdul Nasir_ decision, and the fact
that it was unclear whether _Abdul Nasir_ applied to a case such as the
present, it is inconceivable that the legal advisors to President Ong and the
Cabinet would not have recommended expressing the commutation order in clearer
terms if it was intended for the Plaintiff to be imprisoned for the rest of
his natural life. This was especially so given that the long established
practice of interpreting “life imprisonment” as an imprisonment term of 20
years (see [14] above) was only changed eight months prior to President Ong’s
commutation order.

27 Furthermore, any interpretation of President Ong’s commutation order ought
also to be guided by the principle of strict construction, _viz_ that penal
statutes are to be strictly construed to lean in the accused’s favour (_Public
Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 183 (“ _Low Kok Heng_ ”) at [31],
citing _Tuck & Sons v Priester_ (1887) 19 QBD 629). The historical origins of
this principle lay in English capital cases, where the construction of an
ambiguous law _in favorem vitae_ was regarded as a form of fairness to the
individual (_Low Kok Heng_ at [32]). It is clear that the principle of strict
construction still exists in Singapore law today (_ibid_ at [35]). I see no
reason why this principle should not apply in the circumstances of the present
case. Indeed, the construction of President Ong’s commutation order _in
favorem vitae_ would – in line with the rationale for the principle of strict
construction – constitute a form of fairness to the individual, especially in
a case such as the present where there are serious implications on the
Plaintiff’s liberty depending on the particular interpretation taken and that
he had, at least since 2002, been given indication that his capital sentence
had in effect been commuted to 20 years’ imprisonment (see [9] above).

28 For the reasons given above, I held that the proper interpretation of
President Ong’s order for the Plaintiff to be “imprisoned for life” was that
it was to be for a term of imprisonment of 20 years.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

