Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AXC _v_ AXD  
[2012] SGHC 15

Case Number| :| Divorce (T) Suit No 1222 of 2010/C (RAS 140 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 19 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Randolph Khoo and Tan Yanying (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff; Carrie Kaur Gill (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AXC — AXD  
  
19 January 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff (hereinafter “the wife”) is a Japanese citizen who is forty-
eight years old while the defendant (hereinafter “the husband”), forty-nine
years of age, is an American citizen and a Singapore Permanent Resident. The
husband is a hedge fund manager currently earning $12,500 a month while the
wife has been a housewife for around twenty years since the birth of the
parties’ first child in 1989. The parties have four children, namely a
daughter [_A_] who recently turned twenty-two years old and three sons ([_B_],
[_C_] and [_D_]) aged eighteen, fourteen and thirteen years old respectively.
Both [_A_] and [_B_] are currently pursuing their university education in the
United States of America. [_C_] and [_D_] are currently studying in a private
school in Singapore. According to the wife, [_C_] suffers from Asperger’s
Syndrome. The husband, however, claims that [_C_] has attention-deficit
hyperactivity syndrome. Whatever the case is for [_C_], both alternatives are
not consoling from any parent’s point of view.

2 The parties were married on 24 July 1989 in Tokyo. Their marriage had lasted
for about twenty-one years when they lived apart in separate households under
the same roof in June 2006. They eventually moved to separate apartments about
February 2010 onwards. The wife commenced divorce proceedings on 16 March 2010
in the district court and obtained an uncontested interim judgment of divorce
against the husband on 21 September 2010. The wife also applied for interim
maintenance, joint custody, and care and control of her three sons with
consequential access orders on 14 April 2010, to which the district judge made
orders on 10 August 2011 for –

(a)

the wife to receive interim monthly maintenance of $12,200 from the husband,

(b)

the parties to have joint custody of the three sons, and

(c)

the wife to have interim care and control of the three sons with liberal
access terms given to the husband.

The parties are now seeking my orders on the final ancillary matters for their
divorce. At the same time, the defendant is appealing against the interim
orders made by the district judge.

3 There is no matrimonial home in the present case as the parties have been
living in a rented apartment in Ardmore Park since they settled down in
Singapore in 2007. Since their separation, the husband has been co-habiting
with his girlfriend in a rented apartment at The Sail in Marina Bay at a
monthly rent of $8,000 while the wife has been putting up in an apartment at
La Crystal along Killiney Road before moving to The Cascadia in Bukit Timah in
August 2011 at a monthly rent of $5,750. The only matrimonial assets liable
for division are mainly liquid assets such as moneys deposited in bank
accounts held in the parties’ individual and joint names, and two motor
vehicles. These assets amount to between $2.5 million to $2.7 million in
value. The evidence is not conclusive either way, and since the difference is
not a vast one in the circumstances I will assume the value of the assets to
be $2.6 million for the purposes of division.

4 Before me, the wife is asking for an equal division of the matrimonial
assets given her non-financial contributions in the course of the twenty-one
year marriage. The husband, however, submitted that the wife should be awarded
no more than a 15% share in the matrimonial assets on the grounds, _inter
alia_ , that (a) the wife’s non-financial contributions were insignificant,
and (b) the husband, under the district judge’s interim orders, has to bear
all educational and related expenses of all his children.

5 Having regard to the case authorities cited to me by the wife’s counsel
showing judicial awards to be between 40% to 60% of the matrimonial assets in
favour of homemaker wives in marriages lasting at least 15 years (see, _eg_ ,
_Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 416, _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan
Hwee Lee_ [2011] SGHC 216, _NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743, _Lee Nyuk Lian v Lim
Nia Yong_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 905), and taking a broad view in the present case, I
think that a just and equitable division of the available matrimonial assets
here should be a 60:40 split in favour of the husband. This apportionment also
takes into account an “advance” of the wife’s share of the matrimonial assets,
in the sum of US$250,000 ($318,550), obtained from a portion of the sale
proceeds of the parties’ previous home in the United States of America. As
mentioned, the parties’ marriage lasted for a relatively long period of
twenty-one years. Although the wife has not made any significant financial
contribution to the household or any acquisition of assets in the course of
the marriage, I accept that she has nevertheless made significant non-
financial contributions as a dutiful housewife and primary caregiver to her
four children during the course of the long marriage. It should also be added
that the family had relocated several times abroad prior to their settling
down in Singapore in 2007, and each time the family relocated the wife would
attend to the children’s daily needs while the husband worked long hours as an
investment banker.

6 I should also add that I do not think it to be correct for the wife’s
rightful share of the matrimonial assets to be reduced simply by taking into
account the district judge’s order for the husband to bear all existing and
future educational and related expenses of all his children. It is premature
and speculative to determine the actual amount of money that will be incurred
for the children’s education in the future. It is also uncertain whether the
children would pursue their tertiary education before they reach the age of
twenty one. I therefore think that the husband’s suggestion that a 15% share
of the matrimonial assets should be awarded to the wife on account of his
greater potential expenses for such education is unfair. The husband would not
have even been able to make this argument if not for the district judge’s
order for him to bear all existing and future educational and related expenses
of all his children. In this regard, I am of the view that the district
judge’s order would likely do more harm than good to the children as it would
likely give the husband reason to quarrel over the children’s education in
future. Having regard to the foregoing, the district judge’s order for the
husband to bear all existing and future educational and related expenses of
all his children is set aside with effect from the date of this judgment. The
parties are therefore free to make their own arrangements for the funding of
the children’s education whenever such issues arise.

7 The parties are seeking joint custody of their three sons. As there are no
disputes arising from this particular matter, the order is thus granted as
prayed. However, the parties disagree regarding the care and control order
that ought to be granted in respect of their three sons. In his submissions,
the husband claimed that the wife has not been discharging her parental duties
properly and effectively. For instance, the husband pointed out that under the
wife’s care, [_D_] had been performing dismally in his studies to the point of
being placed on academic probation in school. The husband claimed that it was
not until he intervened to involve [_D_]’s teachers that [_D_]’s schoolwork
began to improve. Likewise, the husband also claimed that [_C_] who initially
faced difficulties in school during the initial breakdown of the marriage has
made improvements under his care and is currently scoring mostly ‘A’s in his
subjects notwithstanding [_C_]’s disability (see above at [1]). The wife, on
the other hand, argued that it would not be in the children’s best interests
for them to be taken care of by the husband. The wife claimed that the boys
had indicated to her that the presence of the husband’s girlfriend at The Sail
made them feel uncomfortable. The wife also alleged that the husband would not
always be present to see to the everyday needs of the children given that he
travels frequently for business and holidays with his girlfriend. The wife
further alleged the husband’s inability to “properly control and address
[_D_]’s teenage issues” in her effort to show that the husband is not well
placed to have care and control of the children.

8 I interviewed [_C_] and [_D_] in chambers on 17 October 2011. [_C_]
expressed his preference to live with his father mainly for the reason that he
feels “disorganised” and a lack of freedom living with his mother. [_D_], on
the other hand, prefers to live with the mother because he feels that she
looks after them well. He also prefers to have [_C_] with him. I would uphold
the lower court’s orders for the following reasons. Although [_C_] has been
staying with the husband for some time notwithstanding the district judge’s
order giving the wife interim care and control of the children, I was
nonetheless of the opinion that it would not be in the long term best
interests of both [_C_] and [_D_] for such effective split in care and control
to continue when the boys are still at a fairly young age. I am further of the
view that it would be relatively more beneficial for the boys to remain
together in the care and control of their mother given the husband’s fairly
hectic schedule in work and travel. Accordingly, I ordered that the district
judge’s interim care and control order to stand and dismissed the husband’s
appeal in that regard. This order shall also be made final in respect of the
ancillary matters hearing before me.

9 The district court ordered interim maintenance of $12,200 a month to be paid
by the husband to the wife. This sum of money comprised the following:

(a)

$6,000 for rent;

(b)

$3,000 for the wife’s maintenance;

(c)

$2,500 for [_C_]’s and [_D_]’s maintenance; and

(d)

$700 for utilities, telephone land line, cable internet and cable television.

In my opinion, this is a fair sum considering the interim nature of the
maintenance order. I therefore see no reason to disturb the district judge’s
interim maintenance order set out above. As such, the main issue which remains
to be decided is the contested issue of the quantum of the wife’s maintenance
from the date of this judgment.

10 The husband argued that there should be no maintenance for the wife because
the “[wife has the] ability to find meaningful employment”. The husband
claimed that the wife should have no difficulty securing a job since she is
currently only forty-eight years old and had working experience in a bank. The
wife explained that she had left the workforce for almost twenty years - after
she was pregnant with her first child. She said that she has yet to obtain a
Permanent Resident (“PR”) status in Singapore. Even if she were to receive PR
status, it would be difficult for her to secure a job in Singapore given her
poor command of the English language. As such, the wife is seeking lump sum
maintenance with $3,000 as the multiplicand and nineteen years as the
multiplier. That would amount to $684,000. I agree that given the age and
different lifestyle of the parties, a clean break is suitable but the formula
should be adjusted to $3,000 a month for twelve years. I would also vary the
maintenance for the children to maintenance for [_D_] only at $1,250 a month
for five years making a total of $75,000 lump sum.

11 In summary, the district judge’s interim orders dated 10 August 2011 are
upheld save for Order 6(b) (requiring the husband to pay for, _inter alia_ ,
the children’s existing and future educational and related expenses) which is
set aside with effect from the date of this judgment. For the purposes of the
final outcome of the ancillary matters hearing before me, the final orders are
as follows:

(a)

lump sum maintenance to the wife in the sum of $432,000;

(b)

lump sum maintenance for [_D_] in the sum of $75,000; and

(c)

the available pool of matrimonial assets is to be divided in the proportion of
60:40 in favour of the husband. This apportionment shall take into account the
“advance” received by the wife from the sale proceeds of the parties’ previous
home in the United States of America (see [5] above).

12 I will hear the parties on costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

