Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd _v_ Kamigumi Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHC 43

Case Number| :| Suit No 312 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Thangavelu and Raymond Wong (Advocates Legal Chambers
LLP) for the plaintiff; Philip Jeyaretnam SC, Koh Kia Jeng and Charmaine Ng
(Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the Defendants.  
Parties| :|  Kosui Singapore Pte Ltd — Kamigumi Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
  
5 March 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 The Defendants have appealed against my oral judgment with brief reasons
delivered on 31 October 2011. I now set out my reasons for my decision.

2 The 2nd Defendant, Kamigumi Co Ltd, is a company incorporated in Japan with
one of its divisions engaged in the building and construction industry. It has
a separately incorporated entity in Singapore, the 1st Defendant,
(collectively, “the Defendants”). Sometime in early June 2008, the Defendants
heard of and decided to try and secure the theme park contract for the
Universal Studios Singapore’s (“USS”) show and ride attractions (“the USS
contract”). They were successful. USS awarded the Defendants the contract to
erect and install the theme park’s eight show and ride attractions at USS
(“the eight attractions”):

(a) Water World (“WW”);

(b) Jurassic Park River Adventure (“JPR”);

(c) Revenge of the Mummy (“ROM”);

(d) New York Special FX Spectacular (“SFX”);

(e) Journey to Madagascar (“JTM”);

(f) Dragon Junior Coaster (“DJC”);

(g) Canopy Tour (“C Flyer”); and

(h) Pteranodon Flyer (“P Flyer”) – also called the Kiddy Jeep Ride.

3 The Plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore carrying on the
business of building and construction. It is owned by Mr Ito Fumiyuki (“Mr
Ito”). In this case, the Plaintiff became the labour subcontractor, supplying
labour to the Defendants in the circumstances set out below (“the USS labour
subcontract”). Which Defendant it contracted with is one of the disputes in
this case. The Plaintiff’s first quotation was addressed to and accepted by
the 2nd Defendant (“the 1st Agreement”), and subsequently there was a second,
identical quotation, backdated to the date of the first quotation, addressed
to and accepted by the 1st Defendant (“the 2nd Agreement”) (collectively, “the
Agreements”). The other issue is, broadly speaking, the amounts, if any, owed
by the parties to each other in respect of various claims.

4 The parties have resolved two issues:

(a) The Plaintiff has admitted to the 1st Defendant’s Counterclaim of
$125,149.87 (inclusive of GST) being paid by the 1st Defendant to K2
Specialist Services Pte Ltd for the bolt torque works.

(b) The Defendants, as they informed me on 25 April 2011, have decided not to
pursue their Counterclaim in respect of the sums paid to one Mr Oshita.

Issues

5 The parties have also helpfully agreed on the remaining six issues:

(i) Whether the 1st Agreement between the Plaintiff and 2nd Defendant remains
valid and enforceable, or the 2nd Defendant has been discharged of all its
obligations under the 1st Agreement following the execution of the 2nd
Agreement between the Plaintiff and 1st Defendant.

(ii) Whether, under the 1st Agreement and/or the 2nd Agreement, the Plaintiff
is entitled to claim the total value of man hours incurred less the sums paid
to the Plaintiff by the 1st Defendant in the light of Note (1) of the terms
and conditions, which reads as follows: “During work progress, if there are
changes which are more than your original BOQ, we will charge you accordingly
based on our rate first quote to you.”

(iii) Whether the Plaintiff is estopped by convention from relying on the
Agreements to claim the total value of man hours incurred less the sums paid
to the Plaintiff by the 1st Defendant

(iv) Whether the Plaintiff has discharged the burden of proving, on a balance
of probabilities, that it has supplied additional manpower valued at
$3,134,965.50 (excluding GST).

(v) Whether the 1st Defendant is liable to pay the Plaintiff for its use of
the lorry, and if so, the rate to be paid, having regard to the fact that
there was no discussion on the rate to be charged

(vi) Whether Mr Hideaki Iwaki (“Mr Iwaki”) was in breach of his duties as the
Attraction Manager for the JPR attraction, and, if so, whether the Plaintiff
is liable for the sum of $74,900 incurred by the 1st Defendant in engaging CUL
M&E Pte Ltd to provide an assistant for Mr Iwaki.

Facts

6 The following facts are not really in dispute. Insofar as they are, the
following paragraphs constitute my findings of fact. In early to mid-June
2008, the 2nd Defendant’s Mr Terayama, who eventually became the Defendants’
project manager for the USS project, heard about USS’s plans for a Universal
Studio attraction on Sentosa Island and alerted his colleague in Singapore, Mr
Kamimura, a director of the 1st Defendant. Mr Kamimura, an economics graduate,
had no actual construction site experience whether in Singapore or elsewhere.
The Defendants decided to bid for the USS contract.

7 The 2nd Defendant had successfully worked with the Plaintiff’s Mr Ito
before, especially in Dubai, and turned to him for its labour supply. Mr
Kiyohara was a director in the 2nd Defendant’s building and construction
division and was in charge of the 2nd Defendant’s Tsurusaki Branch in Japan.
Mr Terayama was actually employed by Hoei Sangyo Co Ltd and was seconded at
the material time to the 2nd Defendant’s Tsuruki Branch. He reported to Mr
Kiyohara. Since he started work at the age of 18, Mr Terayama has worked and
been involved in installation work of entertainment facilities in Japan.
However, he has never worked in Singapore.

8 In August 2008, the 1st Defendant’s Mr Kamimura met with Mr Sakaniwa of
Resort World Sentosa (“RWS”, or “the Employer” in building parlance) to
discuss the Defendants’ interest in the contract. Mr Kamimura brought along
the Plaintiff’s Mr Ito and Mr Michinaka to this meeting. Thereafter there were
more meetings between the Defendants and the Plaintiff. Mr Terayama was the
person in the Defendants with the experience in building show and ride
attractions, having been involved in a similar project in Universal Studios
Japan. It was not disputed that the Plaintiff and Mr Ito had never done such
work before. Mr Ito left the details of the USS labour subcontract to Mr
Michinaka to work out. It was soon apparent that the Plaintiff and Mr
Michinaka were having difficulty doing so as they had never done this kind of
work before. This too was not disputed.

9 There was an important fax with attachments dated 31 October 2008 from Mr
Kamimura to Mr Michinaka copied to Mr Ito, setting out in spreadsheet format
the Plaintiff’s quote, with:

(a) a list of the numbers and type of worker required for each attraction
(_eg_ , lifting supervisor, foreman, mechanic electrician, welder, rigger,
signalman, fitter and forklift driver);

(b) the number of days work for each attraction;

(c) the number of man hours required of each category of worker, (based on “10
working hour(s): 8.00 - 19:00, Lunch 12:00 – 13:00”);

(d) a request to multiply the man hours by 1.5 as the estimates were based on
experienced Japanese workers as compared to Singapore workers without the
experience; and

(e) the start and end dates for each attraction;

It was not disputed that Mr Terayama prepared these attachments with the
foregoing details and figures based on his experience. This is clearly
illustrated from Mr Terayama’s initial inclusion of an electrician as part of
the required workforce of the Plaintiff. Whilst it is common for a Japanese
contractor to include electricians in their workforce, in the Singapore
context and practice, electricians are from separate electrical subcontractors
who have to be separately licensed by a statutory undertaker. Hence, no
electrician was included in the Plaintiff’s quote.

10 Mr Michinaka worked on the quotation, no doubt discussing the final figure
with Mr Ito. A meeting was held on 20 November 2008 between Mr Ito and Mr
Michinaka from the Plaintiff and Mr Terayama and Mr Kamimura from the
Defendants to discuss the Plaintiff’s pending quote. I find that Mr Michinaka
had worked out the pricing on a Bill of Quantities (“BOQ”) which was based on
and incorporated all the details and figures from the attachment referred to
above at [9], and this was discussed at the meeting. The original BOQ can no
longer be found, but the figures agreed upon are in the Plaintiff’s
quotation,[note: 1] which I will discuss below.

11 On 25 November 2008, the Plaintiff sent the 2nd Defendant its quotation for
its supply of labour and installation of equipment for the USS contract,
marked to the attention of Mr Kiyohara. This was “Agreed and Accepted” and
signed by Mr Kiyohara for and on behalf of the 2nd Defendant (this was the 1st
Agreement). This formed the contract between the parties and consisted of a
three-page letter form with terms[note: 2] and a detailed breakdown for each
of the eight attractions, indicating the type of workers to be supplied, the
sub-totals and totals of man-days per type of worker, the number of hours per
category of worker (based on an eight-hour work day from 8 am to 5 pm), the
unit rate and the amount to be charged therefor, a two-hour overtime provision
per category of worker, the hours and unit rate and overtime amounts to be
charged therefor, and three pages covering the scope of works items the
Plaintiff would cover. It bears repeating that other than the pricing, these
details and figures were based on those worked out by Mr Terayama and referred
to above at [9]. It is important to note that the text included the following:

Note (1) |  Our quotation to you is solely based on your BOQ for your man power schedule which received on 20th Nov. 2008. During work progress, if there are changes which are more than your original BOQ. We will charge you accordingly based on our rate first quoted to you.   
---|---  
|  (2) Rate of Worker. (1) Straight Time (x 1.0) : 8:00 – 17:00, (2) Over Time
(x 1.5) : 17:00 – 22:00,  
|  (3) Night Time (x 2.0) : 22:00 – 8:00, (4) Sunday / Public Holiday (x
2.0).[Note] (3) Working Hour Condition for Quotation. (1) Monday to Friday :
8:00 – 19:00, (2) Saturday : 8:00 – 17:00, (3) Sunday / Public Holiday :
Off.”1.  
_Scope of Work_  
(1) |  Supervision and labours, tools and equipment,consumables for installation for equipment for Universal Studia as following 8 atractions…  
Schedule :- |  From 15th January 2009 to 30th January 2010\. Quotation Price : S$4,326,707.00 *Please refer to attached break down quotation.  
2\. _Note_ |  Price quoted Excluded the following; (1) All Cranage (2) All Scaffolding  
3\. _Payment Terms_  
(1) |  The claim shall be paid in cash within 30 days from receipt of our invoice which is calculated by work progress at site.  
  
  

12 The next important fact occurred on 19 March 2009 when Mr Maeda of the 2nd
Defendant sent an email to the Plaintiff’s Mr Ito which was copied to Mr
Terayama, Mr Michinaka, Mr Kiyohara, Mr Kamimura and one Mr Morishita. The
subject heading was “Re: Regarding to Agreement” [sic]. This email went on to
say:

I would like to inform you of our decision on the matter as below after
discussion with Kiyohara at Tsurusaki Branch.

1\. The contract amount and terms and conditions shall be still valid but the
payment will be made through Kamigumi Singapore considering GST matter.
Therefore, we would appreciate if you could kindly re-issue all invoices that
were issued and acknowledged by Tsurusaki Branch under Kamigumi Singapore. For
further invoice, please issue under Kamigumi Singapore after acknowledged by
Tsurusaki Branch.

2\. Therefore, agreement between your company and our Tsurusaki Branch in the
original contract _shall be still valid_ , but in terms of tax matter in
Singapore, Kamigumi Singapore will issue purchase order to your company based
on the agreement between your company and Tsurusaki Branch.

3\. As for payment guarantee by Kamigumi head office, Kiyohara will inform you
of further detail.

4\. As for the payment schedule by Kamigumi Singapore, we haven’t received
Down Payment from RWS as it takes time to issue bank L/G. (Now we are checking
with head office about the issue as RWS requested to change the content of L/G
again). I will let you know the payment schedule later.

[emphasis added]

The only point I would make is that at the paragraph numbered “2” above, the
phrase “shall be still valid” appears to have been inaccurately translated; I
accepted the Interpreter’s interpretation during the trial that the phrase
should more accurately read: “will be maintained”.[note: 3] Counsel for
Plaintiff and the Defendants accepted and did not dispute this.

13 Mr Ito complied and sent a quotation on identical terms, backdated to 25
November 2008, to the 1st Defendant, marked for the attention of Mr Kamimura
who then “Agreed and Accepted” the same by signing beneath that phrase on
behalf of the 1st Defendant (this is the 2nd Agreement). Issue (i) arises from
this transfer of payment obligations. It is undisputed that the first or first
few invoices were addressed to the 2nd Defendant, but these were subsequently
reissued and the 1st Defendant paid all sums invoiced by the Plaintiff.

14 There were delays to the project and the USS contract which were not caused
by the Plaintiff. This is not really disputed by the Defendants. Insofar as it
is, I find and hold that this has been proven by the Plaintiff, (see [33]
below). Consequently, there was a very low take-up rate of man hours that had
been catered for, unutilised labour in the first few months of the contract,
and a subsequent need to accelerate works to make up for lost time. The
Plaintiff put in more workers and their workers often worked overtime. The
contract period overran the scheduled end date. The identity of the party who
requested the acceleration, the existence of an agreement to pay for this
acceleration, and the amount incurred for acceleration were some of the issues
that arose out of the USS labour subcontract. At one point in time, RWS
requested acceleration for the SFX attraction and extra work due to
unscheduled stockpiling of material at one part of the site, and the Plaintiff
put in the labour to do so. The Plaintiff raised an invoice for this work, RWS
paid the 1st Defendant, and the 1st Defendant, in turn, paid the Plaintiff.

15 A large part of the dispute between the parties arose from these
acceleration measures and the deployment of additional and often overtime
labour. The Plaintiff did not submit any claim for additional interim payments
during those months where additional labour was deployed and overtime hours
were clocked. However, at the end of the contract period, they made a claim
for the additional work and costs. This is the background for issues (ii) and
(iii) and. Issue (iv) is an evidentiary issue arising out of this dispute. The
Plaintiff has conceded that it does not have detailed records of the
additional workers it had supplied and relied on the records and claims of its
labour sub-subcontractors or suppliers.

16 During the course of construction, the 1st Defendant used the Plaintiff’s
lorry and driver to transport its workers at the work site. This was not
catered for in the quotation. During the course of the contract, the Plaintiff
did not submit any periodic interim claim in respect of this lorry and driver,
but contended that it was understood that the 1st Defendants would not use the
lorry for free. Issue (v) turns on what, if anything, had actually been agreed
between the parties as to the use of the lorry and driver and whether the 1st
Defendant is liable to pay for the same.

17 Another dispute related to one Mr Iwaki, who was supplied by the Plaintiff
to the 1st Defendant as the Attraction Manager for JPR. The 1st Defendant
claimed that they were very dissatisfied with Mr Iwaki’s performance and
contended that because of Mr Iwaki’s poor work performance, they had to hire
an assistant attraction manager from CUL M&E Pte Ltd to assist Mr Iwaki. The
Plaintiff was therefore liable for this additional expense. Issue (vi) arose
out of this dispute.

18 I now turn to deal with the Agreed Issues.

(i) Whether the 1st Agreement between the Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant
remains valid and enforceable or the 2nd Defendant has been discharged of all
its obligations under the 1st Agreement following the execution of the 2nd
Agreement between the Plaintiff and the 1st Defendant

19 The terms and conditions of the Agreements were identical save for the
contracting parties, the signatories for the 1st and 2nd Defendants and the
backdating of the second quotation.

20 The Plaintiff claimed that it entered into a contract with the 2nd
Defendant and the 2nd Defendant subsequently asked it to allow the 1st
Defendant to be used for Goods and Services Tax (“GST”) purposes. The
Plaintiff contended that save for the invoicing and payment, it was agreed
that the original contract would remain valid and during discussions to
reissue invoices to the 1st Defendant, the Plaintiff claimed that Mr Ito’s
condition that the 2nd Defendant was to guarantee payment by the 1st Defendant
to the Plaintiff was acceded to.[note: 4]

21 The Defendants claimed that there was a substitution of the 2nd Defendant
with the 1st Defendant through the sending and acceptance of the second
quotation in the name of the 1st Defendant. The 2nd Defendant was thereafter
discharged from performance of the contract. The Defendants contended that the
email of 19 March 2009, properly construed, meant that the original terms and
conditions of the 1st Agreement with the 2nd Defendant would remain unchanged,
except that the 1st Defendant would perform the contract.

22 It is common ground that the 1st Agreement was made between the Plaintiff
and the 2nd Defendant. However, once the work commenced, the Defendants must
have realised that they were going to suffer a great financial disadvantage if
they could not offset the GST amount in the Plaintiff’s bills as the USS
contract was between RWS and the 1st Defendant, whilst the USS labour
subcontract was between the Plaintiff and the 2nd Defendant. This was
something entirely of the Defendants’ own doing. Hence, on 19 March 2009, the
2nd Defendant made a request for a change. The contents of the request for
this change speak for themselves. In the first paragraph of the translated
email dated 19 March 2009 (see [12]  _supra_), the 2nd Defendant stated that
the contract amount and the “terms and conditions _shall still be valid_ but
the payment will be made through Kamigumi Singapore considering the GST
matter” [emphasis added]. The second paragraph is even more telling. The 2nd
Defendant unequivocally stated that the agreement between the Plaintiff and
their “Tsurusaki Branch in the original contract” shall

still be _valid [maintained]_ but in terms of tax matter in Singapore,
Kamigumi Singapore will issue purchase order to your company based on the
agreement between your company and Tsurusaki Branch.

[emphasis added]

The meaning of that paragraph is incapable of any construction other than that
the 1st Agreement still remains afoot. As noted above, this was made even
clearer when, during trial, the Interpreter pointed out that the word “valid”
in the second paragraph was not a correct translation. The Japanese word was
more accurately translated as “maintained”.[note: 5] This was the Defendants’
own document. I therefore cannot accept the Defendants’ contention that the
2nd Agreement was meant as a discharge of the 1st Agreement and the 2nd
Defendant from the USS contract.

23 Further, under cross-examination, Mr Kamimura admitted: “My understanding
is that the contract remains valid.”[note: 6] Mr Kiyohara admitted that when
he approached Mr Ito for a change in contracting party, Mr Ito’s condition for
agreeing was a guarantee from Kamigumi Japan, _ie_ , the 2nd Defendant. Mr
Kiyohara replied to Mr Ito that he would consider this and he did. But he did
not reply or follow through because at the end of March 2009, the Tsurusaki
Branch was closed and he was transferred to the Kamigumi Head Office at Kobe.
However, Mr Kiyohara then went on to say that he discussed the 19 March 2009
email with Mr Maeda before the latter sent it out. Although Mr Kiyohara did
not inform the Head Office about Mr Ito’s condition for substituting the 1st
Defendant with the 2nd Defendant, he did tell Mr Maeda of Mr Ito’s condition:
“I told him that parent’s company’s guarantee is required.”[note: 7] Mr Maeda
then told Mr Kiyohara to consider “[t]he process of getting parent company’s
guarantee [sic].”[note: 8] I find Mr Kiyohara’s evidence on this point quite
unsatisfactory. Thereafter his evidence was nothing but dodging about each
question in an effort to undo what he had just said. I also do not accept his
reason for not pursuing the guarantee, _viz_ , the fact that the payments from
the 1st Defendant were “successfully done” thereby implying that a Head Office
guarantee was no longer necessary. He chose not to answer questions and kept
beating about the bush, in an effort to justify the Defendants’ contention
that a substitution had taken place. I therefore do not accept his evidence on
this point. I find that for his own purposes and reasons, he did not pursue
the guarantee with the Head Office. I find that he knew Mr Ito had imposed a
condition for the substitution, and he discussed the contents of the 19 March
2009 email with Mr Maeda before Mr Maeda sent it out. That email speaks for
itself.

24 Accordingly, I find and hold that the 1st Agreement between the Plaintiff
and the 2nd Defendant remains valid and enforceable. The 1st Defendant and 2nd
Defendant are jointly and severally liable to the Plaintiff for all sums that
are or may be due to it. For all sums due and payable by the Plaintiff to the
Defendants, payment by any one Defendant will be good discharge of the other.

25 Much was made of the fact that a guarantee was never eventually issued. I
find that as the parties were all Japanese, there was an element of trust
between them. Many matters were dealt with verbally or informally and there
was little or no follow-up or documentation.

26 The issue of the guarantee does not really arise unless the 1st Defendant
fails to pay any sum due to the Plaintiff under the USS labour subcontract.
Insofar as it is necessary, having considered the evidence, I find and hold
that the Plaintiff required a guarantee of payment by the 2nd Defendant in the
event that it was not paid by the 1st Defendant, for acceding to the GST
arrangements requested for by the 2nd Defendant. This guarantee was promised
with the statement that Mr Kiyohara would inform Mr Ito of “further
detail”.[note: 9] In cross-examination, Mr Ito testified, and I accept his
evidence, that he understood from this that the 2nd Defendant was to provide
payment guarantee:[note: 10]

Q:If you could look at page 34, 1 AB 34, by paragraph 2 of this email, and
indeed by parasgraph 1 as well, it is explained that the contract amount in
terms and conditions shall be still valid, but payment would be made through
Kamigumi Singapore, considering GST matter. Agreed?

A:Yes, correct.

Q:So what this meant was that, in terms of payment, you would have to look to
Kamigumi Singapore?

A:It’s correct.

Q:And you asked, or had asked about whether Kamigumi Japan would provide a
payment guarantee, isn’t that correct?

A:Yes, correct.

Q:And in paragraph 3 of this email at page 34, what the gentleman signing the
letter says—sorry email, says, is: “As for payment guarantee by Kamigumi head
office, Kiyohara will inform you of further detail.”

A:Yes.

Q:And subsequent to this email, there was no further communication about the
issuing of any payment guarantee, was there?

A:Well, after that, I have asked them verbally several times to issue the
payment guarantee, but they have not done it. Can I add something?

Q:Yes, certainly.

A:Well, regarding the payment guarantee, well, I’m not very well-versed in
legal matters, so I held the impression that this email from Mr Maeda was
enough to say that they guaranteed the payment.

27 Mr Kamimura agreed that the phrase “… will inform you of further details…”
did not mean that the Plaintiff would not be getting a guarantee:[note: 11]

Ct:Can you translate paragraph 3: “As for payment guaranteed by Kamigumi head
office, Kiyohara will inform you of further details.”

A:Yes.

Ct:As a matter of English, that doesn’t mean, “No, we will not give you a
guarantee.” It just seems to suggest at a later stage he will be informed of
further details. That’s what it says. Now, that’s how I read it. I do not know
if, in Japanese, on page 35, whether it means, “No, you are not going to get a
guarantee.” Can you help me, first as a matter of English I’m telling you
paragraph 3 does not say, “No, you will not be getting a guarantee”, all
right? My question to you is at page 35, paragraph 3, what is written in
Japanese, does it say, “No, you will not be getting a guarantee”?

A:The Japanese original doesn’t say that the guarantee will not be given.

28 In any event Mr Kiyohara failed to follow up and Mr Ito did not pursue the
matter as he was in the thick of subcontract performance. Insofar as it is
necessary, if the Plaintiff had asked for specific performance, they would be
entitled to it. If so, the 2nd Defendant’s defence which relies on s 6, Civil
Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) would fall away.

(ii) Whether the Plaintiff is entitled to claim the total value of man hours
incurred less the sums paid by the 1st Defendant in the light of Note (1) of
the terms and conditions

29 The Defendants claimed that this was a true lump sum contract in the sense
that a price for the construction and installation work for the eight
attractions was fixed and agreed upon. If, on the contrary, payment was to be
on a measurement basis, it would not have been necessary to make detailed
calculations for the estimation of man-days. Further interim invoices were
rendered on a milestone basis; this was a clear indication of a fixed price
contract. No interim claims were made for additional man hours, and there was
no mechanism for calculation of costs for the additional supply of labour and
additional man hours incurred. The only one time an additional invoice was
raised was for the SFX attraction, where the Plaintiff was specifically asked
to do additional work therefor and invoiced for that additional work. The
provision for changes in Note (1) of the terms and conditions[note: 12] meant
an extension of the scope or timing of the works rather than payment for
additional labour for the same work.[note: 13]

30 The Plaintiff disagreed completely and contended that this was not a lump
sum or fixed price contract, pointing out that it had no experience at all in
such works and were pricing their work on the Defendants’ estimates. In these
circumstances they could hardly have agreed to a true lump sum basis which may
have turned out to be quite inadequate to cover their costs.[note: 14] (The
Plaintiff points to Note (1) of the terms and conditions, which was inserted
to protect itself and which clearly provided that the Defendants will be
charged “if there are changes which are more than your original BOQ” based on
the rates first quoted to the Defendants by the Plaintiff.

31 My following findings of fact, set out below, were not really in dispute,
especially for those leading up to the contract:

(a) It is common ground that the Plaintiff, to the knowledge of the
Defendants, did not have any experience in this kind of work. The quotations
in the 2nd Agreement were provided by the Defendants as an estimate of what
would be required. Mr Terayama (as an employee albeit on secondment) of the
2nd Defendant and who had experience with this kind of work, testified in his
affidavit that[note: 15]

Kamimura told me that Ito did not have sufficient experience in show and ride
attractions and that he neither knew the number of workers required for the
works of this scale, nor the rate applicable for him to supply workers for
such work. Hence, Ito had difficult quoting. Given this, I worked out a
construction schedule and the number of man-hours required to be supplied from
Kosui based on my experience in the USJ [Universal Studios Japan] project and
provided the same to Kosui… I _estimated_ the manpower needed for the USS
project to be about 2,556 man-weeks (not including Saturdays and Sundays).

[emphasis added]

(b) There was a series of meetings in the latter half of 2008, during which Mr
Michinaka, who had been tasked by Mr Ito to work on the quotation, asked Mr
Kamimura for material and data as he was having difficulty working out a
quotation. Mr Kamimura liaised with Mr Terayama, who represented the 2nd
Defendant.

(c) As noted at [9]  _supra_ , pursuant to these communications, the 2nd
Defendant sent the Plaintiff an email on 31 October 2008,[note: 16] containing
enclosures[note: 17] and asking the Plaintiff to quote as a labour
subcontractor to the 2nd Defendant. The format of some of these documents was
provided by RWS to the 2nd Defendant, but it was the 2nd Defendant (mainly Mr
Terayama[note: 18] and Mr Kamimura[note: 19]) who prepared the documents and
put in the figures for the amount of labour required. This included, for each
attraction, the required labour in terms of man days, man hours, type of
labour (foreman, rigger, welder, fitter, _etc_), start and end dates, and the
T&C periods. Mr Michinaka adopted the figures for the man days per attraction
but made adjustments to the particular categories of labour and/or their
number.[note: 20]

(d) Based on the numbers, in particular the total man days per attraction, the
material and data put forward by Mr Terayama, through Mr Kamimura, and the
adjustments (noted at [(c)] _supra_) by Mr Michinaka, the Plaintiff came up
with a BOQ which was discussed at a meeting on 20 November 2008, and the
parties agreed on the figures. I accept Mr Michinaka’s evidence that his low
range was about 19,000 man-days and his high range was about 23,000 man-days,
and the figure finally adopted was 20,611 man days.[note: 21] This BOQ no
longer exists, but the data, figures and numbers for each attraction from this
BOQ went into the manpower schedule quoted to Kamigumi and prepared by Mr
Terayama[note: 22] \- this was not really in dispute. These documents set out
for each attraction the type of labour required, the number of workers for
each category of labour, the number of man days per category of worker, the
unit rates (including those for normal time and overtime) and the total
amounts. I find and hold that this was, for all intents and purposes, having
been taken from the BOQ initially discussed, the BOQ referred to in the
Plaintiff’s quote dated 25 November 2008 which was accepted by the Defendants.

(e) The contractual provision in Note (1) reads:

Our quotation to you is solely based on your BOQ for your man power schedule
which received on 20th November 2008.

During work progress, if there are changes which are more than your original
BOQ. We will charge you accordingly based on our rate first quote to you.

The meaning of these words is clear and unambiguous. It says “if there are
_changes_ which are _more_ ” than the original BOQ [emphasis added], then the
Defendants will be charged for this extra work at the rates set out in the
quotation. It can hardly be clearer. This is clearly not the wording of a lump
sum or fixed price contract where the contractor has promised to carry out and
complete a set piece of work for a fixed sum agreed in advance.

(f) The contract sets out in detail, for each attraction, the man days
required per category of worker, their respective unit rates or cost, the
normal eight hour day charge and a two hour overtime charge per day, with
appropriate totals and subtotals. For example, for the Canopy Flyer, the
Plaintiff would supply one Site Supervisor, for 122 man days in return for the
sums of$30,256 (for 122 MD for eight hours a day at $31 which is the normal
rate) and $11,346 (for the daily two hours overtimefor 122 MD at $46.50 per
hour, being the overtime rate of 50% more than the normal rate), making it a
total of $41,602 for the Site Supervisor for the envisaged period. The other
workers were worked out in a table similar to the building up of a BOQ.
Contractually this meant that if the Defendants required the Site Supervisor
for the Canopy Flyer for more than the 122 MD, they had to pay more based on
the rates set out in the manpower schedule.[note: 23]

(g) The Defendants accepted the quote without demur and signed the contract
beneath the annotation which says “Agreed & Accepted”. The contract is in a
simple letter form. The terms, albeit after translation, were simple and
brief. The Defendants did not question that provision or said that it was
wrong. Neither did they ask for rectification in the alternative, if indeed
that was the common understanding. In fact they signed a second agreement with
identical wordings and Note (1), again without demur. The contract cannot, on
any construction, be construed as a lump sum or fixed price contract in the
sense that the Plaintiff would only charge the set price of $4,326,707 for the
work it was to do: the Plaintiff would suffer a loss if the work turned out
more than envisaged and would receive a windfall if the same turned out less
than envisaged.

(h) Mr Kamimura accepted that “changes” in Note (1) could mean an increase in
workers; and that “original BOQ” referred to the document that was discussed
at the 20 November 2008 meeting:

Q:Of course. I’m not going into the factors, I’m just trying to understand
what you mean, of your understanding of the word “changes” under note 1. So
would you agree now with me, then, that “changes” could also mean a change in
the number of workers?

A:Yes. [note: 24]

…

Q:Which original BOQ do you think Kosui was referring to?

A:My understanding is that it is based on the manpower schedule which was used
during the discussion held on 20 November. [note: 25]

…

Q:No. All I’m saying, all I’m asking is Kosui has given a quotation of
4.326707 million for 20,611 man-days to be supplied. If Kosui, with Kamigumi’s
approval, with RWS’s approval – which is not really the importance of my
question but never mind, since you’re sticking to that – with all the
necessary approvals, then expends 30,000 man-days, my simple question is:
would Kosui then be entitled to additional payment for the additional
approximately 10,000 man-days?

A:Yes.[note: 26]

(i) None of the Defendants’ witnesses provided any satisfactory explanation
(if there was any explanation at all) as to why they said this was a lump sum
contract despite the obvious contradiction in Note (1) with that construction
or contention. Mr Kiyohara stopped short of saying he was, or thought he was,
signing a lump sum contract. Rather, his evidence was that he “wanted” a lump
sum contract,[note: 27] that such an understanding was “consistent with
Kamigumi’s agreement with RWS,”[note: 28] that the manpower schedule was
“essentially” provided on a lump sum basis,[note: 29] and that the contract
was “basically” a lump sum contract.[note: 30] Mr Kiyohara only said once that
the contract definitively “was” a lump sum contract. Even then, he qualified
this by saying that it was subject to RWS’s willingness to pay for additional
labour:[note: 31]

Q:So it’s your evidence that if the client, meaning RWS, makes a mistake and
more manpower is required, RWS will pay Kamigumi and then Kamigumi will pay
Kosui; is that correct?

A:Yes.

Q:And what if RWS refuses to pay Kamigumi? Does that mean that Kosui, who has
expended more manpower, will not be paid as well?

A:Well, this contract was a lump sum contract. That’s why we cannot make such
payment, but when the request come [sic] from RWS, we are prepared to pay for
such request.

Similarly, Mr Terayama’s evidence was that he “expected” the contract to be on
a lump sum basis,[note: 32] and that the margin given above the estimated
labour requirement meant that the manpower schedule was “essentially” provided
on a lump sum basis.[note: 33] Mr Kiyohara specifically said he left all
matters of the BOQ to Mr Terayama and did not check it before accepting the
quotation. The evidence tendered by the Defendants’ witnesses was
disingenuous, and did not go far toward supporting the interpretation that the
Defendants’ understanding was that their contract was on a lump sum basis.

(j) These were all experienced building contractors. First, it is a well known
basic fact that the lump sum contract, in the sense contended by the
Defendants, is normally used where the construction design is well developed
and where the quantities can be estimated with some degree of accuracy. This
is certainly not the case here, not for installations of this nature, and, _a
fortiori_ , not the case for such installations in Singapore where no such
installations have been erected before. Secondly, seasoned building
contractors do not make such basic mistakes like construing the words used in
Note (1) to mean a true lump sum contract. Even if I give an allowance for
non-familiarity with English, which I do not for the purposes of my judgment
as the key witnesses showed a fair working knowledge of English during the
trial, there can be no mistaking the meaning of Note (1) and confusing it with
a true lump sum contract formulation and language.

(k) The Defendants’ first attempt to get around this was to put forward a
theory that a margin had been built in for contingencies and unexpected
difficulties, thereby ensuring that this was a true lump sum contract and the
risk was passed on to the Plaintiff. I do not believe the Defendants’
witnesses’ evidence of the meeting in Singapore on 19 January 2009 where they
allegedly asked Mr Ito for his confirmation that his quote covered
contingencies, delay and/or difficulty of work – “essentially that it was
provided on a lump sum basis”[note: 34] \- and Mr Ito allegedly responded “I
understand”, thereby signifying his agreement.[note: 35] I note that even this
is couched in language that is less than positive: _eg_ ,
“...essentially…provided for...” instead of it “ _was_ ” a lump sum contract,
and, “I understand” instead of “I agree.” I do not accept their evidence on
this score. It bears noting that initially the Defendants’ witnesses all
deposed that 9 December 2008 was the date of this important meeting in all
their Affidavits.[note: 36] But upon receiving the Plaintiff’s reply
Affidavit, which proved that Mr Ito was not in Singapore on that date, and
therefore could not have been present at that meeting, the Defendants’
witnesses changed their evidence just prior to cross-examination, stating the
date to be 19 January 2009 instead.[note: 37] The Defendants’ witnesses
obviously gave the earlier date to show that the lump sum nature of the
agreement was agreed on before the work started. However, by 19 January 2009,
the work had already started.[note: 38] I find it implausible that such an
important detail as whether or not the contract was a lump sum agreement was
not discussed at the earlier meetings in October and November 2008, but only
introduced after the work had started in January 2009. I find that it is more
likely that the dates were deliberately changed in the Affidavits to reflect
the more favourable position for the Defendants that some agreement on lump
sum was made before the works started. There were also other inconsistencies
which surfaced during the cross-examination of the Defendants’ witnesses. Mr
Terayama, for example, gave evidence that he had not communicated his estimate
of 17,000 man-days until the 19 January meeting,[note: 39] and that he did not
explain to the Plaintiffs and Mr Kiyohara how he had arrived at this
figure.[note: 40] Just one page earlier, it had been his testimony that he had
explained that this figure was arrived at by taking a 15% margin of
20,000.[note: 41] Given the discrepancy in Mr Michinaka’s figure of
19,000,[note: 42] it is unlikely that this number would have been accepted
without question if it had been brought up. Yet, Mr Terayama testified that he
was not questioned on how he had arrived at this figure:[note: 43]

Q:… My question is: how did you arrive at 17,000 man-days?

A:When I calculate man-days, usually I include 15 per cent margin, and _since
Mr Michinaka and Mr Ito have experience in construction works, I explained to
them_ that there is 15 per cent of margin in 20,000.

…

Q:Mr Terayama, did you explain to Mr Ito and Mr Michinaka how you arrived at
17,000 man-days?

A: _I didn’t explain to them how I arrived at this figure_. I just told them
that around 17,000 man-days are required to complete.

Q:Mr Terayama, did you explain to Mr Kiyohara how you arrived at 17,000 man-
days?

A:But I didn’t explain to him the details, but since I have been working under
him for the projects other than this, and he knows that I always include
margin with I work out the estimate, and maybe he doesn’t know how many per
cent I consider as margin, but he is aware that the margin is already
included.

Q:Mr Terayama, at this meeting on 19 January, you say that you brought up this
number, 17,000 man-days, and this is the first time that this number was
brought up in any of your meetings with Mr Ito and Mr Michinaka.

A:No, 17,000, this figure was mentioned for the first time during that
meeting.

Q:You are saying that neither Mr Ito nor Mr Michinaka asked you how you
arrived at 17,000 man-days?

A: _They didn’t ask me_.

[emphasis added]

(l) I also do not accept their evidence on the 17,000 man hours estimate and
the increase of the figures to 20,611 man days to cater for contingencies; I
accept Mr Michinaka’s evidence that that figure was never discussed or even
brought up. I find that it was an afterthought and an _ex post facto_
calculation to justify an alleged margin for contingencies and bolster the
lump sum theory. The objective evidence shows, and on his own evidence Mr
Terayama said,[note: 44] that he estimated 2,556 man weeks which translated
into 12,780 man days, and after multiplying that by 1.5 to cater for the
difference in quality between Japanese labour and labour in Singapore, he
reached the figure of 19,170 man days. This came close to the 20,611 man days
settled upon at the 20 November 2008 meeting which found its way into the
quotation. I have referred to Mr Michinaka’s evidence at paragraph (d) above,
which I accept, as to how this figure was arrived at.

(m) The second attempt was to contend that this was a ‘pay-when-paid’-type
contract. When the Defendants’ witnesses were hard pressed under cross-
examination, they brought up this theory that even if the fault in incurring
the additional labour was RWS’s and not the Plaintiff’s, the Plaintiff was not
entitled to payment therefor unless RWS paid the Defendants for the same. Both
Mr Kamimura and Mr Kiyohara’s cross-examination on this point is very telling
– if the Defendants were not paid, then no matter what happened at site, or
the facts of the matter, the Plaintiff would not get paid. When pushed on this
point, Mr Kamimura could not explain why this should be so.[note: 45]

Ct:Now, if CJY [RWS’ main contractor for civil works] is late by two months in
putting down the foundation, and Kamigumi and Kosui then have to get more
workers to catch up with the work, in your understanding of your contract –
that means Kamigumi with RWS – can you make a claim for additional labour to
catch up?

A:I think the payment should be made. This is my understanding.

…

Ct:…You have said Kamigumi can claim against RWS. Of course, in the normal
course, RWS might claim against CJY for delaying everybody. But my question is
different. If Kamigumi can claim against RWS for that situation, wouldn’t
Kosui also be able to claim against Kamigumi if Kosui provided the extra
workers to catch up with the work?

A:If Kamigumi receives the payment from RWS, I believe that Kosui has the
right to receive the payment by claiming for it.

Ct:I see. So if there is no payment from RWS, then Kosui also cannot get
payment?

A:I think unfortunately it should be like that.

Mr Kiyohara conceded that there was no ‘pay-when-paid’ provision written in
this contract:

Q:I’m sorry, Mr Kiyohara, where did you get what you have just said from
note(1)? I don’t even see RWS being mentioned in note (1).

A:Well, we signed with RWS and we signed the contract with Kosui, so as a
matter of fact, only after our client or our customer approve [sic] and make
payment to us, we can make payment to Kosui.

Q:Where can I find this stipulation that Kamigumi will only make payment to
Kosui after RWS makes payment to Kamigumi? I don’t see it in the contract.

A:If the BOQ is exceeded, it means that due to the client’s fault, the
additional work is required and the client approved the payment and we make
payment. This is what I belived.

Ct:That’s not the question. Counsel asked you where in this contract do you
find this. Tell me, where do you find this in the contract?

A: _It’s not written in the contract_.

[emphasis added]

I do not accept this contention at all; it is entirely without basis and there
is nothing at all in the contract that even starts to hint at such a
provision.

32 I therefore find and hold that this was a contract to supply the categories
of workers set out in the manpower schedule,[note: 46] and at the rates and
for the duration in man-days (comprising an eight-hours day from 8 am to 5 pm
and two hours overtime from 5 pm to 7 pm) therein. If at the end of the day,
the Plaintiff was required to supply more labour, work longer hours or both to
complete the installation, then the Defendants would have to pay the Plaintiff
for the extra labour at the rates set out in the manpower schedule.

33 There was a significant amount of evidence suggesting that the installation
of the eight attractions was delayed by various causes not related to or
caused by the Plaintiff or the Defendants. These included the late completion
of foundations by the main civil contractor to RWS, design changes, and delay
in delivery of material to site, followed by a sudden over-delivery of
material to site for the SFX and JTM attractions, and consequent prolongation
of the installation period to mid-March 2010. I need only refer to the
evidence of Mr Terayama himself where he admitted to there being numerous
delays, specifically in the completion of the foundations, the site
conditions, design changes and the like, and acceleration measures
undertaken.[note: 47] He also unreservedly accepted paragraph 13 of Mr Ito’s
Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief which sets out the various delays. There were
many other witnesses, including Mr Kusano[note: 48] and Mr Sundar
Ramachandran,[note: 49] whose evidence was unchallenged on this point and who
attested to the same - the slow start, and the huge increase in manpower from
the Plaintiffs in September onwards. The same may be said of Mr Saminathan
Supramaniam (“Mr Saminthan”), the sole proprietor of Standard Rigging (“SR”),
who were the main labour supplier to the Plaintiff and later became the sole
supplier. Mr Saminathan was not cross-examined and his evidence was therefore
unchallenged. Many of the other witnesses gave the same evidence, which I
accept. I therefore find as a fact that there was a slow start to this
contract for the reasons which include those set out above in the evidence.
There were also instructions to catch up in September, which went into
October, November and December, with the result that the contract period was
prolonged and extended into March 2010.

(iii) Whether the Plaintiff is estopped by Convention from relying on the
Agreements to claim the total value of man hours incurred less the sums paid
to the Plaintiff by the 1st Defendant

34 The Defendants contended that the Plaintiff’s billing on a percentage
completion basis and the use of a “Final Invoice” embodied a practice, and
therefore an assumption, that the parties treated this as a lump sum
contract.[note: 50] That assumption was also supported by the Plaintiff’s non-
submission of time sheets for interim billing and the Defendants’ payment of
on such invoices without requiring time sheets. The Defendants also did not
verify or check the number and categories of workers on site at any time,
leaving the Plaintiff to deploy the workers as required. The Defendants relied
on the fact that at the one time when “extra” work was ordered by RWS (for the
SFX attraction) which was therefore outside the lump sum, the Plaintiff
agreed, supplied the extra labour and later submitted its invoice and the
required particulars therefor, and the Plaintiff was duly paid by RWS through
the Defendants. In contrast, no invoices and required particulars were
submitted immediately following the supply of additional labour at the other
sites.

35 The Plaintiff contended that there could not be any estoppel by convention
because there were oral communications between the parties which assured the
Plaintiff of payment.[note: 51] The Plaintiff said that, at all material
times, it was understood that the Defendants would pay the Plaintiff for the
additional labour required for the works, which was why the final invoices
were not prepared till much later.

36 The parties accepted the requirements to establish an estoppel by
convention as laid down in _Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable
Vision Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 195, namely that –

(a) The parties to a transaction act on an assumed state of facts or law;

(b) The assumption is either one which both parties share or one which is made
by one party and acquiesced by the other; and

(c) There is either an “agreement or something very close to it” in respect of
a shared assumption.

37 The Defendants submitted that they have satisfied these requirements and
the Plaintiff is estopped from denying that the contract was a lump sum
contract. I cannot and do not accept that submission.

38 The fact that interim billing is rendered on a percentage completion basis
does not invariably mean that the contract is a lump sum contract. Parties may
adopt this method of interim payment for other different reasons, for example,
as a matter of convenience and cutting down time-consuming paper work. This
was the very reason Mr Ito gave in his evidence, and I accept his evidence in
this respect:

Q:This is in relation to ROM, which is the attraction known as Revenge of the
Mummy. Could you just explain your process in issuing this invoice?

A:First, I discussed with the project manager, Mr Terayama. Well, because
while we were discussing that it would be very tedious to count every month
how many people were deployed, so we have agreed that we take certain
percentage and issued an invoice, and Mr Terayama said that after all, we are
going to look at the total labour, the total account, so it should be all
right. So this was what we agreed. [note: 52]

…

Q:And you had this conversation [in relation to progress billing before 28
February 2009] because you wanted to issue a progress claim?

A:Well, the first of all, it is progress billing, not progress payment. By
right, we are supposed to count how many people have worked how many hours at
the site, but it is very, very tedious. So I discussed with Terayama-san, and
we decided that for the convenience we just set the percentage
approximately.[note: 53]

It was easier to just look at the stage of completion and set the percentage
for interim payment; it cut out a lot of paperwork and verification and
certification procedures. Moreover, this basis of interim payment was
specifically provided for in the contract: [note: 54]

_Payment Terms_ (1) The claim shall be paid in cash within 30 days from
receipt of our invoice which is calculated by work progress at site.

It should be noted that a major assumption of manpower utilisation was based
on Mr Terayama’s figures and data which contained start and end dates for each
attraction, bar charts for utilisation of labour, a bell curve with a maximum
number of workers for June and July 2009 and with an end date of 30 January
2010. This term sat together with Note (1) on page 1 (referred to at [11]
_supra_) in a simple contract that was essentially 2-pages long and almost in
point form. As noted at [31(e)] _supra_ , the meaning and import of Note (1)
are clear and unambiguous.

39 The Plaintiff’s failure to keep detailed timesheets is also explicable on
the above grounds. Mr Ito’s evidence was that he had not addressed his mind to
the financial issues until required, as all his time and effort had been spent
on ensuring a “smooth and speedy progress of the Works”[note: 55] which had
been severely disrupted. The Plaintiff conceded that it had been remiss in
keeping these records,[note: 56] but that the task of keeping the records was
shared:

Q:Mr Ito, you have said that you had this conversation with Mr Terayama and
that it was agreed that it was too tedious to count labour and so you would do
it by work progress instead, and that later on, I suppose after the project
had concluded, you would then count up the labour? Is that your evidence?

Intpr:Sorry, after the project counted labour?

Q:Count up the labour.

A: _We decided to do the progress billing because it was very, very tedious to
trace and account all the manpower_ because, for example, the bill you send
for this number of labour at this attraction at this date, but what actually
happens in the site is that group of people may shift to another attraction in
the afternoon so we really cannot trace everybody. That’s one thing and I need
to highlight to you that in this invoice it is written in English, “Supply
labours and installation of equipment for above project”, but while this is
what I wrote in English, I think my English was not right. Actually, it should
be, “Supply labours for installation of equipment for above project.” I think
it should be that way. It was my mistake, I’m sorry.

Q:Now, the second part of my question you haven’t answered so let me just ask
that part. Later, at the end of the project, it was your intention, then, to
count up you [sic] the amount of labour supplied to the project?

A:Yes.[note: 57]

…

Q:So it is your evidence, then, that it is not important for the supplier to
present any records to the receiver of labour and should just leave it up to
the receiver of labour to check according to how they want to check?

A:Well, basically, we have to keep the record, but the user, the one who
receives he labour supply, also have to review, so _it’s something that both
parties have to share the burden_. And as for me, we have checked whatever the
record when the project was completed and I have given to Mr Morishita and Mr
Morishita said that he would check everything and settle the payment.[note:
58]

[emphasis added]

40 Importantly, I also find the immediate reaction of the Defendants when the
Plaintiff presented its claim telling. Mr Terayama did not protest that this
was a lump sum contract and the Plaintiff could not present such a claim, _ie_
, as if it was a measurement contract,[note: 59] and neither did Mr
Kiyohara[note: 60] until a later stage. Their reactions at the stage of
service were merely to check the figures,[note: 61] and to attempt to persuade
Mr Ito to reduce his claim.[note: 62] This is not the behaviour of parties who
believed that they had contracted on a lump sum basis.

41 There was another incident that goes against the Defendants’ contention of
a lump sum contract. I accept the evidence of Mr Kusano who testified that RWS
asked Mr Terayama, in his presence, and Mr Terayama, in turn, asked the
Plaintiff to deploy more workers for the JTM and SFX attractions in a bid to
clear a sudden surge in delivery or material for those attractions, the
storage of which was causing congestion problems at the site: [note: 63]

Q:At paragraph 5, you have referred to a request – this is paragraph 5 of your
AEIC, you have referred to a request from RWS for more workers to be deployed
for the JTM and SFX attractions. Was this request made to you?

A:To Kamigumi.

Q:And then how did you find out about this request?

A:Well, I was present at the meeting, so the project manager was there and I
was there when it was requested.

Ct:Project manager from which company?

A:Kamigumi.

Ct:Thank you.

Q:So by that you’re referring to Mr Terayama.

A:Yes, correct.

42 Four things are noteworthy:

(a) First, the Plaintiff was asked and did provide time sheets for a claim for
the deployment of extra workers for SFX; the Defendants received payment
therefor and the Plaintiff was paid in turn. If this was a lump sum contract
as contended by the Defendants, then it is strange that the Plaintiff was paid
for the deployment of extra workers for the SFX attraction.

(b) Secondly, the Plaintiff was able to produce time sheets and other
information to support their claim and these documents were obviously
acceptable to the Defendants, who paid them for these claims.

(c) Thirdly, although the acceleration order was for both the SFX and JTM
attractions, the Plaintiff inexplicably got paid for one but not the other.
The reason is clear and I find that it was because RWS paid the Defendants for
one but not the other, and the Defendants took the untenable stand that this
contract was also a pay-when-paid contract: since they were not paid for the
JTM attraction, they did not have to pay the Plaintiff.

(d) Fourthly, I accept the evidence of an independent sub-subcontractor, Kobo
Design’s Mr Onodera, who testified that there were a lot of problems on site,
many instances when work was interrupted or suspended, and his workers had to
work overtime to make up for the delay.[note: 64] He was asked by Mr Terayama
at the site, in the presence of Mr Michinaka, Mr Ito and one Mr Mizota, to
compile his delays, variation and extra work done for the murals for the
attraction, again for submission to RWS.[note: 65] This was certainly not
behavior indicative of a lump sum contract.

43 I find that the root of the Defendants’ problems lay in their agreeing with
RWS to do the work on a lump sum basis. Mr Kiyohara, under cross-examination,
said:[note: 66]

Q:No, Mr Kiyohara, let’s say that there is no way at all that you can catch up
without getting more manpower and working more hours. You have said that you
will refuse to get more manpower and work more hours unless RWS agrees to your
quotation. Is that what you are saying? I’m just trying to understand you.

A:We have to do our very best to catch up with the schedule, _because we have
signed a lump sum contract with RWS_.

[emphasis added]

44 Mr Kamimura explained that the Defendants claimed about $15 million from
RWS, but it appears that the Defendants compromised this claim for only $4
million and, reading between the lines, this sum was insufficient to pay all
their subcontractors’ claims:[note: 67]

A:I can explain to you briefly. The initial amount that Kamigumi Singapore
claimed to RWS was about 15 million, but that figure was – I’m sorry. The
approved figure at the end, by RWS, was about 4 million. And that 4 million
has been spent, all has been spent as the payment for the subcontractors.

45 I therefore find and hold that there was no estoppel by convention as
contended by the Defendants which prevents the Plaintiff making this claim.

(iv) Whether the Plaintiff has discharged the burden of proving, on a balance
of probabilities, that it has supplied additional manpower to the value of
$3,134,965.50

46 The Plaintiff claimed that the total value of labour supplied by it
amounted to $7,474,272.00. This figure was calculated by taking into account
the Defendants’ daily records, the Plaintiff’s time sheets recorded by Mr
Sundar A/L S Ramachandran (“Mr Sundar”) and the attendance sheets prepared for
Mr Johnson Cher (“Mr Johnson”), the 1st Defendant’s Site Safety Officer. The
Plaintiff accepted that it did not keep proper records but has, in effect,
reconstructed its claim from the documents and information of other parties,
especially its subcontractor, Mr Sundar. The Plaintiff claimed that when one
looks at these various records and information, they tally and this proves the
unpaid ‘balance’ of $3,134,965.50.

47 The Defendants relied heavily on the Plaintiff’s own admission that it did
not keep proper records; they contended that this failure was very telling and
showed how unreliable the Plaintiff’s claim was. Further, the fact that these
records were not produced prior to the trial showed that they were an
afterthought and could not prove that these sums were in fact owed by the
Defendants to the Plaintiff. These claims were unverified and improperly
recorded. The Defendants accordingly contended that the Plaintiff had failed
to discharge its burden of proof.

48 Both counsel have informed me that quantum is to be decided on the basis of
the burden of proof. As I was informed, going for an assessment of damages
will not change anything as the state of the evidence cannot be improved upon.
I proceeded accordingly to determine whether or not, on a balance of
probabilities, the Plaintiff has proved its entitlement to its claim.

49 I also proceeded on the submissions as made by the parties. The Defendants,
after the hearing on evidence was concluded, stated that they looked at the
documents and noticed discrepancies in the figures which were not put to the
witnesses during cross-examination as they did not realise their significance.
A compromise was reached: rather than allow further cross-examination, the
Defendants were allowed to put in submissions and the Plaintiff was allowed to
reply thereto.

50 As noted above, the Defendants themselves have admitted and insofar as they
have not been made above, I so make the following additional findings of fact
that:-

(a) there was a slow start to the project, many attractions were not ready for
installation according to the programme and some workers were idling in the
first few months from February 2009;

(b) during the course of the works, there were numerous disruptions and delays
caused to the works resulting from, amongst other things, delays in readiness
of the site for the installation work to begin, late completion of the
foundations, delays in the main contractor’s works, design changes and delays
in the delivery of materials and equipment to the site;

(c) there were orders, and I accept the evidence of Mr Kusano (see paragraph
[41]  _supra_) as well as other witnesses, (see [33] and [42(c)] _supra_),
including Mr Terayama’s admission under cross-examination,[note: 68] to
increase manpower and accelerate works; the manpower of the Plaintiff
increased dramatically from September to December 2009 and there are many
different documents which support this; and

(d) the Plaintiff’s works did not complete by 30 January 2010 but extended
into mid-March 2010.

51 The Plaintiff candidly admitted that it did not keep proper records by way
of time sheets[note: 69] during the course of the works. However, the
Plaintiff did not keep any permanent work force (except for a very few key
employees like Mr Thuriraj at the supervisor/project manager level), and
obtained their supply of labour from their labour subcontractors.[note: 70] In
late September or early October 2009, Mr Ito centralised all labour he
provided for the works under SR. Mr Saminathan explains this in his
Affidavit[note: 71]

It was not until late September 2009 or October 2009 that the pace of work
picked up. At or around this time, Ito told me that the 1st defendant required
more workers to make up for the lost time, and that he would be recruiting
more works. He told me that _SR would have overall control of all the workers
so that they would be centrally administered and their work and movement could
be co-ordinated_.

[emphasis added]

It is important to note that this evidence was unchallenged in cross-
examination.[note: 72] SR kept their time records of labour supplied. Mr
Thuriraj also kept his own time sheets recording his time spent working on
site. It was from this record that the Plaintiff constructed its claims. The
Plaintiff basically took the total amounts in terms of time charged by its
labour subcontractors and subtracted the payments made by the Defendants,
leaving a balance which comprised their claim.

52 There were also other attendance records that were kept. These were taken
from the Daily Toolbox Briefings held every morning and evening when there was
appropriate work, and these recorded the workers present, who signed against
their names, and were submitted to the Defendants. It was also clear that the
Defendants kept their own records, which were more organised and detailed and
were submitted to RWS. The ‘Johnson Records’[note: 73] show this clearly.
Despite Mr Terayama’s attempt to say that the Johnson Records were only
estimates and they did not need to be accurate,[note: 74] Mr Johnson Cher
admitted that the records he submitted were largely accurate:[note: 75]

Q:And your reports would be accurate, then?

A:My reports will be _close to accurate_ , I would said [sic].

Ct:Do you input them every day?

A: _Every day_ , sir.

Ct:Religiously?

A:Yes.

Ct:So why do you say “close to accurate”?

A:Because it’s not every day I receive Kosui’s manpower report on time, so if
I don’t receive this report, for example, today, I will just input in my
report yesterday’s manpower for today and submit to Resort World.

Ct:I see.

Q:Because you are at the site, you could verify for yourself, if you needed to
do so; right?

A:Yes.

Q:So when you say – I don’t know – I can’t remember the actual word you used
but you say they are reasonably accurate or –

A:Yeah – _close to accurate_.

Q:Close to accurate. What kind of margin of error would you give on a
percentage basis – 5 per cent – plus/minus 5 per cent?

A: _Plus/minus 5 per cent_.

[emphasis added]

53 Mr Terayama also testified that he had never told RWS that these were meant
to be estimates.[note: 76] To the contrary, his evidence was that they were
accurate enough for RWS to challenge that the records showed three workers at
one of the attractions but they were not present:

Q:Do you know – and I’m just asking whether you know – whether RWS thinks that
these are just estimates?

A:I think they think that these figures are estimate. The reason is that I
have received complaints several times from them that the workers that this
daily manpower record claims that there are not there are the site.

Q:When did you receive these complaints?

A:I don’t remember when.

Q:But it was during the time of the works in 2009?

A:Yes.

Q:That being the case, when RWS made these complaints to you, why did you not
explain to RWS that these are just estimates?

A:At the time, I just apologised to RWS.[note: 77]

...

Q:You don’t think they wanted accurate figures but just a few minutes ago, you
told his Honour that RWS complained to you.

A:I received the complaint because the worker who was supposed to be at the
attraction, according to daily manpower, was not at the attraction.

Q:So that means that RWS was using these records to check on the workers;
would you agree with me?

A:No.

Q:Then how did RWS know whether a worker was missing, as you say?

A:Well, I cannot recall very clearly whether it was CP [sic] Flyer or DJC, but
_there was an instant that said that there are supposed to be three workers
but there was none, and I received complaint_.

Q:That’s right. How did RWS know there were supposed to be three workers?

A:Since RWS also has attraction managers and those attraction managers are at
the site, so I think they realised that – they realised, through their
attraction maangers, that Kamigumi workers were not there.

Q:Mr Terayama, how was RWS supposed to know that there were supposed to be
three workers?

A: _By looking at the daily manpower record_.[note: 78]

[emphasis added]

54 In fact, Mdm Nasimah, Mr Ito’s wife and Plaintiff’s accounts executive, put
forward a table comparing the entries on SR’s time sheets and the Johnson
Records,[note: 79] and for those months which enabled a comparison (July to 30
December 2009), the figures were quite close.

55 The Defendants attacked the accuracy of the Plaintiff’s records from its
labour suppliers. They pointed to a seemingly impossible claim for 30.5 hours
per day when the maximum seemed to be only 27.5 hours in a 24 hours day. When
this was put to Mdm Nasimah in cross-examination was stumped. But Mr Sundar, a
supervisor from SR, convincingly explained without hesitation how that came
about:[note: 80]

Q:Did you work 30.5 hours overtime?

A:Yes, I did.

Q:So that would be from what hour to what hour?

A:I started at 8 am, and continued to work till 11 am the following day. After
that I returned home and I returned to work that night, 10 o’clock, returned
to work at 10 pm that night – that day. And I returned home the following
morning.

Q:And then you had a rest on the 5th?

A:That’s right.

Q:Now, for the overtime, you have 8 hours on the third. That will be until 5
pm, okay?

A:That’s right.

Q:And then you have 30.5 hours, so that will be five hours at one and a half
times?

A:Okay. The calculation is that if I were to work from 5 pm to 10 pm, it will
be considered as 1.5 times.

Q:Yes. So that would equal 7.5?

A:Yes.

Q:And then from 10 pm to 8 am?

A:That’s double payment.

Q:That would be 10 hours, double?

A:That’s right.

Q:Making 27.5. And then you recorded for yourself three hours from 8 to 11 am?

A:Yes, 8 to 11, that’s right.

56 The Defendants also attacked the Plaintiff on their seemingly large mark-up
from their labour subcontractors to the rates in the contract. The Defendants
knew the rates set out in the contract, but had never questioned them. The
fact that the Plaintiff was getting its supply of labour at a far lower cost
is no basis to attack the accuracy of the Plaintiff’s claim, nor is it a
legitimate basis to say that, therefore, there was a huge margin to cater for
contingencies, showing that this was a lump sum contract. I need only say, for
a largely co-ordinating role, the Defendants themselves made a profit over
their subcontractors’ costs when it came to their contract with RWS.

57 As noted at [49]  _supra_ , after the evidence was completed, the
Defendants asked for a further hearing to make submissions because they
noticed errors and inaccuracies in Mdm Nasimah’s tables, the significance of
which they had not realised during the hearing. As it was too late to re-open
the hearing, and it would have caused significant prejudice to the Plaintiff
to have their witnesses go through the details of the claim when those
questions could have been put to the witnesses during the trial, I allowed the
Defendants the opportunity to put in submissions to point out these errors and
inaccuracies and gave the Plaintiff the right to respond.

58 The Defendants alleged overcharging of some $752,000 on the Plaintiff’s own
evidence, as some workers were classified in the ‘Sundar Timesheets’ as
riggers ($17 per hour) but were classified differently in Mdm Nasimah’s table
as supervisors ($23 per hour). They tabulated some of these alleged detected
differences in Annex 1 of their Further Submissions. The Plaintiff’s response
was that a perusal of the Sundar Timesheets would show only 2 classes of
workers: “Lifting Supervisors” or “Riggers”. They explained that, under law,
both these categories of workers had to be trained and certified to perform
these tasks, and in SR’s case, many of their workers were trained and
certified to perform both tasks. However there is no requirement under the law
for Site Supervisors and Foremen to have special training or certification.
The Plaintiff was able to point to a letter dated 2 December 2008[note: 81]
where the Plaintiff had identified some of SR’s workers to be Site Supervisors
and Foremen for the USS project. These workers were also Lifting Supervisors
and Riggers. Mr R Thankapandian, who was singled out as an example by the
Defendants, was identified as one of the suitable candidates in the 2 December
2008 letter. The Plaintiff says, with some merit, that they did have Site
Supervisors and Foremen on site; there was no evidence of any complaint by the
Defendants that the Plaintiff did not have such people on site. I therefore
accept this explanation. I also do so for the more fundamental issue. These
questions could have been put to the appropriate witnesses but they were not.
This is especially so in the case of Mr Saminathan, the sole proprietor of SR,
but the Defendants chose not to cross-examine him.[note: 82]

59 On a balance of probabilities, I therefore find and hold that the Plaintiff
has made out its claim for the sum of $3,134,965.50 (excluding GST).

(v) Whether the 1st Defendant is liable to pay the Plaintiff for its use of
the lorry, and if so, what is the rate to be paid, having regard to the fact
that there was no discussion on the rate to be charged

Liability for use of the lorry

60 The parties did not dispute that the Plaintiff provided a lorry and a
driver to drive the Defendants’ engineers and staff around the site, which was
spread out over a few kilometres. This request arose at a dinner meeting on 15
September 2008. The Plaintiff’s Mr Ito agreed to let the Defendants use the
lorry and the driver, but the price therefor was not discussed. Mr Terayama
thought it was provided _gratis_ ; Mr Kusano, the Attraction Manager for JTM,
who was at that dinner, did not think it was for free.

61 Having considered the evidence, including the documents that exist and the
witnesses on this point, I find and hold that the Defendants’ use of lorry and
the driver was not _gratis_ and that the Defendants would have to pay for its
use. I do not accept Mr Terayama’s evidence on this point. I note that in Mr
Terayama’s Affidavit, he never mentioned that the lorry was offered to the
Defendants for free. Rather, his evidence was that Mr Ito did not say that it
would be chargeable, nor did he invoice the Defendants for it. Mr Terayama
stopped short of saying that he understood that the lorry was being offered
for free, and instead gives his evidence as a hypothetical, suggesting an _ex
post facto_ rationalisation of the situation:[note: 83]

_If_ there were cost implications, I would definitely have informed Kamimura,
and/or ensure that there was some written record of such an agreement.

[emphasis added]

62 Mr Ito gave evidence that the lorry was primarily used to transport workers
and was parked at the site when not in use.[note: 84]

Q:My Ito, first question: the lorry in question was used to transport workers
to the site and then later back from the site at the end of the work day?

A:Yes.

Q:And in between, when it was not ferrying workers to or from the site, it
would be parked at the site?

A:When it was not used in the daytime, it was parked. But it doesn’t mean that
the lorry was idle all the time.

Q:But, in effect, what you were offering was the use of the lorry when it was
at the site and when it was not being used for any other purpose?

A:Well, actually, it’s the other way around. It’s a long distance between the
site office to the site, so it’s about several kilometers, and it’s very
difficult for all the workers to walk from the site office to – it’s difficult
for the Kamigumi’s engineer to walk from the site office to the site, and
there was a complaint that there’s not transport, and the Kamigumi’s engineer,
Mr Kusano, requested for a lorry for the transport purpose, and three of us
discussed, and we found that it is fastest and the easiest to use our lorry.

The notion that the parked lorry was not idle, contrary to Mr Terayama’s
evidence,[note: 85] was consistent with Mdm Nasimah’s evidence that the driver
was used during the day to transport tools within the site at a later
stage.[note: 86] This was also consistent with Mr Kusano’s evidence that the
Defendants had 2 lorries, but that one was not there during the day, and the
other was not used for ferrying people.[note: 87] It was undisputed that the
lorry was used to transport the Defendant’s workers. Given the additional
distance that the lorry would have had to go to do so, and the disingenuous
nature of Mr Terayama’s evidence, I prefer Mr Ito’s and Mr Kusano’s evidence.

Rate to be paid for use of the lorry

63 As to the quantum of rent to be paid for the use of the lorry, I find that
the driver was separately charged under the Time Sheets (“NAS-2” in Mdm
Nasimah’s “Affidavit), and his name appeared from June 2009 to 14 March 2010.
I find that the main use of the driver and the lorry was to ferry the
Plaintiff’s workers to and from the site in the mornings and evenings or at
night, and, at a later stage, to transfer tools and equipment to and from the
eight attractions. The meeting was in mid-September 2009 and I find that the
lorry was used to ferry the Defendants’ engineers and site staff about 1 week
later; this continued to 14 March 2009. The important point to note is that it
was also used by the Plaintiff and the Plaintiff owned the lorry; it was not
hired from a third party.

64 I find and hold that a reasonable charge for the lorry, bearing in mind its
use and taking into account that the driver was charged separately, would be
40% of $500 per day multiplied by 172 days (being 1 week in September 2009, 6
months from October 2009 to February 2010 and 14 days in March 2010); this
amounts to $34,400 (excluding GST). The Defendants must pay the Plaintiff
$34,400 (excluding GST) for the use of the lorry YN405X.

(vi) Whether Mr Iwaki was in breach of his duties owed as the Attraction
Manager for the JPR attraction, and if so, whether the Plaintiff is liable for
the sum of $74,900 incurred by the 1st Defendant in engaging CUL M&E Pte Ltd

Whether Mr Iwaki was guilty of a breach of duty

65 Having considered the evidence and the rival contentions of the parties, I
find that Mr Iwaki was not delinquent in carrying out his duties to the extent
that the Defendants had to hire CUL M&E Pte Ltd to carry out Mr Iwaki’s
duties.

66 Some of the factors which brought me to this finding include, first, the
evidence of Mr Ito and Mr Michinaka, whose evidence I prefer over Mr
Terayama’s evidence, and the obvious inconsistencies in Mr Terayama’s evidence
and performance under cross-examination. In particular, Mr Ito specifies in
his Affidavit the exact days when Mr Iwaki was absent from work,[note: 88] and
this was not challenged by the Defendants. Mr Ito also provided a persuasive
explanation for why Mr Iwaki was not seen at the weekly meetings:[note: 89]

He said that he did instruct one of his juniors to attend many of the weekly
meetings on his behalf as he felt that the weekly meetings were a waste of
time, which time could be better spent overseeing the ongoing works at the JPR
attraction. He conceded that it could be his absence from these weekly
meetings that the 1st Defendant arrived at the conclusion that he was often
absent from work, but he said that the 1st Defendant need only check its daily
staff movement records to confirm that, although he did not attend the weekly
meetings. He was nonetheless still at the site.

This effectively refuted the basis for part of Mr Terayama’s claim, which was
that he was personally cognisant of Mr Iwaki’s absences through his own
personal observations and the observations of others.[note: 90]

Q:So paragraph 43(a) of your affidavit is based on information given to you by
other people; is that correcty?

A:Not only that. _Since I was always at the work site, I am aware_ that he
took MCs on the week dates and there were incidents that he was not there
during installation.

Q:I will move on to the MCs in a short while but I’m looking at paragraph
43(a). Are you aware, yourself, leaving aside anything that anybody else may
have told you, that he failed to comply with his contractual working hours by
either starting work after 8 am or leaving before 5 pm?

A:Yes, _I have seen and I knew it_.

[emphasis added]

67 More importantly, Mr Terayama only gave discovery of daily toolbox meeting
records, which verified that Mr Iwaki was on site at the material times, after
the commencement of trial proceedings.[note: 91] Even then, Mr Terayama was
evasive and maintained that these records, along with the Johnson records,
were not accurate.[note: 92] Mr Terayama’s evidence also failed to include
details beyond the assertion that Mr Iwaki “took frequent and unjustifiable
medical leave and emergency leave at critical times, including in April, May
and June 2009.”[note: 93]Throughout the proceedings and on cross-examination,
the Defendants failed to challenge Mr Ito’s evidence, and Mr Terayama has not
produced the documents supporting his claims:[note: 94]

Q:Where are your records for these assertions that you have made?

A:I don’t have the documents, but I have the emails. Besides the emails that
we saw, I have the email from Franky.

Ct:From Franky?

Q:Franky, who is one of the employees of RWS.

Ct:Thank you.

...

Q:All you have are email from RWS; is that correct?

A:Yes, because the complaints come to me.

68 Secondly, the Defendants never asked for Mr Iwaki to be replaced. On the
contrary, they admitted that they attempted to retain Mr Iwaki after his
contract expired in November 2009.

69 Thirdly, the evidence was that Mr Iwaki did not get on with some of the RWS
staff. The email dated 10 June 2009[note: 95] tells the true story. When RWS
wanted to increase manpower, Mr Iwaki insisted on proper instructions, and
RWS’s strong complaint to the Defendants was: “he (Mr Iwaki) is constantly
playing the contractual game with us. When we ask him to increase the
manpower, he is saying that we need to pay for it.” To this very strongly
worded complaint by RWS, the Defendants’ response was: “We believe that his
working attitude towards job is not wrong [sic]. However, we apologize for any
inconvenience caused.”[note: 96]

70 Fourthly, the Johnson Records showed Mr Iwaki’s attendance at site and I do
not believe the attempt to resile therefrom by Mr Terayama under cross-
examination (see [52]  _supra_).

71 Fifthly, Mr Terayama admitted that he never wrote any emails or letters to
Mr Iwaki complaining about his work or his need to improve. Inexplicably, Mr
Terayama gave evidence that he never made it clear to Mr Iwaki that his
conduct and work performance were not up to standard:[note: 97]

Q:Do you consider, as project manager, that you could issue orders or
instructions to the attraction managers?

A:Yes.

Ct:So if you found Mr Iwaki was not doing his job properly, having hangovers
and not going to the site, not doing his work propertly, taking leave all the
time, didn’t you call him up and say, “Look, Iwaki-san, you have to improve
your performance”.

A:Yes, I have ever told him.

Ct:Did you write him any notes or emails or letters to say, “Look, if you do
not perform, we’re going to remove you”?

A:I did not send to him anything in writing. I told him verbally and I didn’t
use the strong word like, “I am going to remove you.”

Ct:But _did you make clear to him that his conduct and his work performance
was not up to standard_?

A: _No, I didn’t_.

[emphasis added]

72 Sixthly, there was the coincidental withdrawal of the claim for Mr Oshita
after Mr Kamimura’s cross-examination, an appointment which Mr Ito said, and I
believe him, that he knew nothing about.

Liability for the cost incurred for engaging CUL M&E Pte Ltd

73 I find the Defendants’ claim for payment to CUL M&E Pte Ltd an unwarranted
attempt to make a claim that was without merit. Mr Michinaka explained the 1st
Defendant’s real reasons for engaging CUL M&E Pte Ltd:[note: 98]

It is true that the 1st Defendant engaged CUL M&E Pte Ltd (“CUL”) to, amongst
other things, prepare the daily reports for Iwaki, but this had nothing to do
with Iwaki’s alleged failures. The 1st Defendant’s appointment of CUL arose
because of an arrangement between the 1st Defendant, RWS and CUL. RWS had
appointed CUL to undertake the maintenance of the attractions after the
attractions had been commissioned and had become operational. However, due to
the delay in the completion of the project, RWS requested the 1st Defendant to
take CUL into its payroll for the time being as it (RWS) did not have the
budget for it. The 1st Defendant agreed, and decided to deploy CUL as Iwaki’s
assistant for the JPR attraction, which was then still under construction, and
as his assistant, CUL also prepared the daily reports for him.

74 Mr Terayama disagreed with this statement when it was put to him in cross-
examination, but, tellingly, he did not offer an alternative explanation, nor
did he attempt to defend his position. In the light of the reasons given
above, I accept the evidence of the Plaintiff and find that the Defendants
engaged CUL M&E Pte Ltd to accommodate RWS, and not to make up for Mr Iwaki’s
poor performance. Having done so, they cannot now attempt to recover the same
from the Plaintiff. I therefore dismiss the Defendants’ counterclaim against
the Plaintiff on this issue.

Conclusion

75 My answers to those issues in relation to construction of the contract and
the parties to the contract have been set out above. As for the monetary
claims (including GST), I find and hold that:

(a) There will be judgment for $125,149.87 (inclusive of GST) against the
Plaintiff in respect of the Defendants’ counter claim for the payment by the
1st Defendant to K2 Specialist Services Pte Ltd;

(b) there will be judgment for the sum of $3,134,965.50 (excluding GST)
against the Defendants in favour of the Plaintiff in respect of Issue (iv)
above;

(c) there will be judgment for the sum of $34,400.00 (excluding GST) against
the Defendants in favour of the Plaintiff in respect of the use of lorry
YN405X;

(d) the Defendants’ claim for $74,900 incurred by the 1st Defendant in
engaging CUL M&E Pte Ltd is dismissed.

76 The Defendants are entitled to interest on the sum of $125,149.87 at the
rate of 5.33% p.a. from the date of the filing of the Counterclaim to payment.
The Plaintiff is entitled to interest on the sums of $3,134,965.50 and $34,400
at the rate of 5.33% p.a. from the date of the filing of the Writ to the date
of payment.

77 When I delivered oral judgment with brief grounds, counsel asked that they
be allowed to make written submissions on costs. I agreed. However, no
submissions have been made to date.

* * *

[note: 1]AB, Vol 1, pp 11-13.

[note: 2]_Ibid._

[note: 3]Notes of Evidence, 25 April 2011, p 56.

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, p 4.

[note: 5]Notes of Evidence, 25 April 2011, p 56.

[note: 6]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, p 47.

[note: 7]Notes of Evidence, 25 April 2011, p 50.

[note: 8]_Ibid._

[note: 9]AB, Vol I, p 34, para 3.

[note: 10]Notes of Evidence, 18 April 2011, pp 72- 73.

[note: 11]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, pp 48-49.

[note: 12]AB, Vol 1, p 8.

[note: 13]1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions, p 32.

[note: 14]Plaintiff’s submissions, 18 May 2011, pp 6- 7.

[note: 15]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, pp
711-712.

[note: 16]AB, Vol 1, p 1.

[note: 17]AB, Vol 1, pp 3-7.

[note: 18]AB, Vol 1, pp 3-4, 6- 7.

[note: 19]AB, Vol 1, p 5.

[note: 20]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, pp 24-26.

[note: 21]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, pp 21-22; AB, Vol 1, p 3.

[note: 22]AB, Vol 1, pp 11-13.

[note: 23]_Ibid._

[note: 24]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, pp 31-32.

[note: 25]_Ibid._ , p 32.

[note: 26]_Ibid._ , p 34.

[note: 27]Yoshio Kiyohara’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p 408,
para 6(d).

[note: 28]_Ibid._

[note: 29]_Ibid._ , p 409, para 6(i).

[note: 30]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 12.

[note: 31]Notes of Evidence, 25 April 2011, p 22.

[note: 32]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief, BA, Vol 3, page 713,
para 15(h)

[note: 33]_Ibid._ , p 715, para 15(s).

[note: 34]Yoshio Kiyohara’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p 409,
para 6(i); Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 715,
para 15(s).

[note: 35]Yoshio Kiyohara’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p 409,
para 6(j); Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 716,
para 15(t).

[note: 36]Yoshio Kiyohara’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p 409,
para 6(g); Takahiro Kamimura’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p
338, para 12; Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p
715, para 15(q).

[note: 37]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, p 34.

[note: 38]JT-1, BA, vol 3, p 733.

[note: 39]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 714,
para 15(l); Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 45.

[note: 40]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 47.

[note: 41]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 46.

[note: 42]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, p 21.

[note: 43]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, pp 46-48.

[note: 44]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, vol 3, p 711,
para 15(d).

[note: 45]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, pp 71-73.

[note: 46]AB, Vol 1, pp 11-13.

[note: 47]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 77.

[note: 48]Taro Kusano’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, pp 199-200,
paras 4-6; Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, pp 52-53.

[note: 49]Sundar A/L S Ramachandran’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol
1, pp 213-214, paras 5-7.

[note: 50]Defendant’s Closing Submissions, p 33, para 95.

[note: 51]Ito Fumiyuki’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, p 8.

[note: 52]Notes of Evidence, 18 April 2011, pp 19-20.

[note: 53]_Ibid._ , p 26. Also see Ito Fumiyuki’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief, BA, Vol 1, p 9, para 20.

[note: 54]AB, Vol 1, p 8.

[note: 55]Ito Fumiyuki’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, pp 8-9,
para 20.

[note: 56]_Ibid._

[note: 57]Notes of Evidence, 18 April 2011, pp 29 and 30.

[note: 58]_Ibid._ , pp 31-32.

[note: 59]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 729,
paras 65-66.

[note: 60]Yoshio Kiyohara’s Affidavit of evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p 416,
paras 25-27.

[note: 61]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 729,
para 66.

[note: 62]Yoshio Kiyohara’s Affidavit of evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 2, p 416,
para 27.

[note: 63]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, pp 52- 53.

[note: 64]Hiroyuki Onodera’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, p 222,
para 4; Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, p 69.

[note: 65]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, p 77-79.

[note: 66]Notes of Evidence, 25 April 2011, p 33.

[note: 67]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, pp 74- 75.

[note: 68]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, pp 69-70.

[note: 69]Ito Fumiyuki’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, pp 8-9,
para 20.

[note: 70]Notes of Evidence, 18 April 2011, p 57.

[note: 71]Saminathan Supramaniam’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1,
p 207, para 5.

[note: 72]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, pp 17 and 18.

[note: 73]AB, Vol 2, p 575 to AB, Vol 3, p 771.

[note: 74]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, pp 52- 53.

[note: 75]Notes of Evidence, 27 April 2011, pp 32-33.

[note: 76]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 62.

[note: 77]_Ibid._

[note: 78]_Ibid._ , p 63-64.

[note: 79]“NAS-1” in Nasimah Binte Mohmed Kunju’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-
Chief, BA, Vol 1, pp 241-257.

[note: 80]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, pp 90-91.

[note: 81]AB, Vol 3, p 772.

[note: 82]Notes of Evidence, 21 April 2011, pp 17-18.

[note: 83]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 726,
para 54.

[note: 84]Notes of Evidence, 19 April 2011, pp 6-7.

[note: 85]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 726,
para 52.

[note: 86]Notes of Evidence, 19 April 2011, p 27.

[note: 87]Notes of Evidence, 20 April 2011, p 55.

[note: 88]Ito Fumiyuki’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, p 18, para
33(c).

[note: 89]_Ibid._ , para 33(a).

[note: 90]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 73.

[note: 91]_Ibid._ , pp 54- 55.

[note: 92]_Ibid._ , p 56.

[note: 93]Jiro Terayama’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 3, p 723,
para 43(c).

[note: 94]Notes of Evidence, 26 April 2011, p 71- 72.

[note: 95]AB, Vol 1, p 51.

[note: 96]AB, Vol 1, p 50.

[note: 97]Notes of Evidence, 27 April 2011, p 7.

[note: 98]Masaaki Michinaka’s Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, BA, Vol 1, p
195, para 14(h).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

