Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Abdul Hadi bin Hamdan _v_ Goldin Enterprise Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 192

Case Number| :| District Court Suit No 1990 of 2011 (Registrar's Appeal
Subordinate Courts No 116 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Liew Teck Huat (Global Law Alliance LLC) for the
plaintiff; Edwina Fan (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Abdul Hadi bin Hamdan — Goldin Enterprise Pte Ltd  
  
17 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J :

1 This appeal turns on the interpretation of s 33(2)(a) of the Work Injury
Compensation Act (Cap 354, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The salient facts are as
follows.

2 The plaintiff, who was an employee of the defendant at the material time,
suffered an injury at his place of work on 8 November 2008. He duly filed a
claim for compensation under s 11 of the Act and on 1 February 2010, the
commissioner served a notice of assessment under s 24(2)(a) of the Act (“the
Notice of Assessment”). The effect of the Notice of Assessment would be that
the plaintiff would be entitled to be paid about $19,800 by the defendant. The
plaintiff, who was unrepresented, instructed solicitors sometime in May 2010,
and in that same month, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendant’s
solicitors to make a claim under common law. The defendant’s solicitors
replied and took the position that the plaintiff was precluded from making a
claim under common law and tendered a cheque in payment under the Notice of
Assessment. On 27 July 2010, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the
commissioner of labour (“the commissioner”) to state the plaintiff’s objection
to the Notice of Assessment pursuant to s 25(1) of the Act. Although this
provision states that such objection must be made within 14 days of service of
the Notice of Assessment, it also provides that the commissioner had a
discretion to allow a longer period. In the event, the commissioner allowed
the objection to be made out of time and proceeded to refer the plaintiff’s
objection to the work injury compensation medical board (“WICMB”) for a
medical assessment in accordance with regulation 4 of the Work Injury
Compensation (Medical Board) Regulations (Cap 354, Rg 6, 2010 Rev Ed). By
letter of 3 March 2011, the commissioner notified the plaintiff that the WICMB
had made an assessment of 17% permanent incapacity. This would translate to a
payment of about $30,600 under the Act. In the same letter the commissioner
requested the parties to attend a pre-hearing conference on 16 March 2011.
However at that hearing, the plaintiff’s solicitor informed the commissioner
that the plaintiff was dissatisfied with the 17% awarded and had given
instructions to withdraw the plaintiff’s claim under the Act. This was
confirmed in the letter from the plaintiff’s solicitors to the commissioner
dated 30 March 2011. The plaintiff filed the writ in this suit on 30 June
2011. The defendant applied to strike it out on the ground that s 33(2)(a) of
the Act prevented the plaintiff from pursuing this claim. Before me, the
plaintiff appealed against the decision of the district judge ordering the
claim to be struck out.

3 Section 33(2)(a) of the Act provides as follows:

**Limitation of employee’s right of action**

**33.** —(1) …

(2) Subject to subsections (2A) and (2B), no action for damages shall be
maintainable in any court by an employee against his employer in respect of
any injury by accident arising out of and in the course of employment —

(_a_) if he has a claim for compensation for that injury under the provisions
of this Act and does not withdraw his claim within a period of 28 days after
the service of the notice of assessment of compensation in respect of that
claim;

…

4 Counsel for the defendant, Miss Fan, pointed out that the Notice of
Assessment was served by the commissioner on 1 February 2010. The 28-day
period for withdrawal of the plaintiff’s claim expired on 1 March 2010. The
plaintiff only withdrew it more than one year later, on 16 March 2011. Miss
Fan submitted that the plaintiff was precluded from making his claim in this
suit by operation of s 33(2)(a) of the Act as he had not withdrawn his claim
under the Act within the 28-day period.

5 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Liew, submitted that the term “notice of
assessment” in s 33(2)(a) of the Act ought not to be read with reference to s
24(2)(a) and that, on a consideration of the policy and objectives behind the
Act, where an objection has been made, it should refer to an order made by the
commissioner after he had conducted a hearing under s 25D and made an order
for compensation under that provision. Since, in the present case, the
plaintiff had withdrawn his claim prior to such hearing, the plaintiff was not
precluded from proceeding with his claim in this suit.

6 I did not agree with the plaintiff’s position and dismissed the appeal on
the simple ground that the Act is very clear on this. The term used in s
33(2)(a) of the Act to describe the event from which the 28-day period runs is
“service of the notice of assessment of compensation”. The provision in which
the term “notice of assessment of compensation” is first used in s 24 of the
Act, which provides as follows:

**Commissioner to assess compensation payable**

**24.** —(1) Subject to the provisions of this Act, the Commissioner shall
have power to assess and make an order on the amount of compensation payable
to any person on any application made by or on behalf of that person.

(2) The Commissioner shall cause to be served on the employer and the person
claiming compensation for any injury resulting from an accident —

(_a_) _a notice of assessment of compensation_ stating the amount of the
compensation payable in accordance with the assessment made by the
Commissioner under subsection (1); or

(_b_) _a notice of assessment of compensation_ stating that no compensation is
payable if the Commissioner is of the view that the injury to which the claim
relates did not arise out of or in the course of the person’s employment or
that the person was not an employee within the meaning of this Act.

(3) _A notice of assessment of compensation_ referred to in subsection
(2)(_a_) that is served under subsection (2) on an employer and the person
claiming compensation shall be deemed to have been agreed upon by the employer
and the person claiming compensation, and shall have the effect of an order
under section 25D on —

(_a_) the 15th day after the notice is served where no objection is received
by the Commissioner within a period of 14 days after the service of the
notice; or

(_b_) the 29th day after the notice is served where all objections so received
by the Commissioner are withdrawn within a period of 28 days after the service
of the notice.

(3A) _Any notice of assessment of compensation_ referred to in subsection
(2)(_b_) that is served under subsection (2) on an employer and the person
claiming compensation shall have the effect of an order under section 25D on
the 15th day after the notice of assessment is served if no objection is
received by the Commissioner within a period of 14 days after the service of
the notice.

(3B) No appeal shall lie against any order under subsection (3) or (3A).

(4) The employer shall pay the amount of compensation determined to the
Commissioner or such person claiming compensation as the Commissioner may
direct —

(_a_) within a period of 21 days after the service of a _notice of assessment
of compensation_ on the employer if no objection is received by the
Commissioner within the time limited under subsection (3)(_a_); or

(_b_) within a period of 35 days after the service of a _notice of assessment
of compensation_ on the employer if all objections so received by the
Commissioner are withdrawn within the time limited under subsection (3)(_b_).

(5) (Deleted by Act 5 of 2008)

(6) Any assessment of compensation made by the Commissioner under this section
may, in any case involving any prescribed occupational disease specified in
the Second Schedule, be reviewed at any time within 3 years from the date of
the assessment if the Commissioner is satisfied that since that date there has
been an aggravation of the result of the relevant occupational disease and
that the amount of compensation originally assessed is substantially
inadequate.

(7) The Commissioner shall, where a review under subsection (6) has been made,
issue a notice of assessment of additional compensation payable by the
employer.

(8) This section and section 25 shall apply to a notice of assessment of
additional compensation under subsection (7) as they apply _to a notice of
assessment of compensation_.

[emphasis added]

7 The next provision that uses that term is in s 25(1) of the Act, which
provides as follows:

If any employer or person claiming compensation objects to any _notice of
assessment of compensation_ issued by the Commissioner under section 24(2), he
shall, within a period of 14 days _after the service of the notice of
assessment_ (or such longer period as the Commissioner may, in his discretion,
allow in any particular case), give notice of his objection in the prescribed
form and manner to the Commissioner stating precisely the grounds of his
objection. [emphasis added]

It should be noted that there is a time limit of 14 days which is referenced
against “service” of the same “notice of assessment”.

8 The third and last provision in the Act in which the expression “notice of
assessment” is used is s 33 of the Act. The plaintiff’s position that the time
period in s 33(2)(a) runs with reference to the commissioner’s order under s
25D does not accord with the language employed in s 25D, which provides as
follows:

**Power of Commissioner to conduct hearing**

25D. The Commissioner may, after a claim for compensation has been made under
section 11 —

(_a_) conduct a hearing of the case and hand down a decision accordingly; and

(_b_) make any order for the payment of compensation as he thinks just at or
after the hearing.

The events in s 25D are described as “hand down a decision” and “order for the
payment of compensation”, which are not only very different words from “notice
of assessment of compensation” but also concern different concepts. A notice
of assessment under s 24(2)(a) is not an order for payment but a statement of
an amount payable as compensation which the employee may object to, and if he
does so, there is a procedure for review. The event in s 25D is a final order
for payment after the review.

9 It is therefore clear from the manner in which s 24 of the Act is drafted
that the specific term “notice of assessment of compensation” in s 33(2)(a)
refers to the notice in s 24(2). Furthermore, s 33(2)(a) refers to “service”
of the notice of assessment of compensation which is the act referred to in s
24(2) as opposed to the “making” of an order after the hearing in s 25D. As I
had observed to counsel during the hearing, the only way that the draftsman
could have made it any clearer is to provide in s 33(2)(a) that the notice of
assessment is “made under s 24(2)”. While this would have removed any attempt
by any employee to make the submission made before me by the plaintiff, I have
to say that this omission does not result in any ambiguity at all in the Act.

10 In view of the clarity of the provisions in the Act, it is not necessary to
provide any further justification beyond this point, but as counsel have made
submissions before me, I shall set these out. The Act came into force on 1
October 1975 under the name of Workmen’s Compensation Act 1975 (Act No 25 of
1975) (“the Old Act”). Under the Old Act, the equivalent provision, which is s
33(1) provided as follows:

… no action for damages shall be maintainable in any court by a workman
against his employer in respect of any injury —

(_a_) if he has applied to the Commissioner for compensation under the
provisions of this Act; or

(_b_) if he has recovered damages in respect of the injury in any court from
any other person.

There was an ambiguity as to whether this precludes an employee from
maintaining an action in court if he has applied for compensation but has
subsequently withdrawn it. This was considered in a number of decisions of the
Court of Appeal, High Court as well as the District Court. In _Yang Dan v Xian
De Lai Shanghai Cuisine Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 379 (“ _Yang Dan”_), Woo J
reviewed those decisions, as well as two English decisions, and concluded that
the prohibition in the Old Act does not apply if the employee had withdrawn
his application before the commissioner makes an order for compensation (_Yang
Dan_ at [56(c)] and [57]).

11 In the second reading speech for the Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment)
Bill (No 50 of 2007) on 22 January 2008, the Minister of State for Manpower
stated as follows (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22
January 2008) vol 84 at cols 265-266):

Under the present Act, workers can only claim for injuries from the common law
or the workmen's compensation system. They cannot do so from both. This makes
sense because the WCA was indeed created to serve as an alternate and more
expeditious route to avoid protracted legal proceedings. However, some
claimants abuse the system by filing claims for both but withdrawing the WCA
claims at the last minute to switch to a civil suit. This imposes significant
commitment of resources, as time and effort would have been invested to
investigate and prepare the case. Involved parties such as witnesses would
also have committed their time to the adjudication process. Employers will
have to repeat part of the process in the courts. Processing time for each
case becomes unnecessarily prolonged and as a result, compensation is delayed.
We will streamline the process, so that claimants through the WCA can have
speedy compensation. Nevertheless, even after our amendments, we still allow
adequate time for claimants to decide on either route whether to claim damages
or compensation for their injuries through WCA or through the civil courts.

12 The Bill was passed and the Workmen’s Compensation (Amendment) Act 2008
(Act No 5 of 2008) came into force on 1 April 2008 (“the Amendment Act”). The
Amendment Act renamed the Old Act to its present name and made a number of
changes, some of which were very significant. Amongst those was what is now s
33(2) of the Act. It can be seen from the tenor of that part of the second
reading speech reproduced above that s 33(2) of the Act has reset the event in
relation to which time runs for withdrawal of a compensation claim in order to
preserve the employee’s right to proceed by way of a suit in the court to make
a claim under common law. Under the Old Act, it was the date of the final
order for compensation. The legislature had considered that to be
unsatisfactory and had amended s 33. It is clear from the words in s 33(2) of
the Act that the event from which time runs to withdraw a claim is now the
date of service by the commissioner of a notice of assessment under s 24(2) of
the Act.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

