Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Christanto Radius _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 114

Case Number| :| Criminal Motion No 31 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Quek Mong Hua and Julian Tay (Lee & Lee), and Hamidul Haq
and Istyana Ibrahim (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the applicant; Kow Keng Siong and
Diane Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Christanto Radius — Public Prosecutor  
  
24 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Mr Radius Christanto (“Mr Christanto”) is in remand at Changi Prison
pursuant to a warrant for apprehension made on 3 May 2012, upon a request made
by the Australian authorities on 27 April 2012 under the Extradition Act (Cap
103, 2000 Rev Ed) (“Extradition Act 2000”). Mr Christanto’s application for
bail before the learned District Judge (“DJ”) was denied on 4 May 2012\. He
therefore filed this criminal motion petitioning the High Court under s 97 of
the Criminal Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010) (“CPC 2010”) for bail
pending the hearing for committal under s 28(7) of the Extradition Act 2000.
On his application on 17 May 2012, I directed that Mr Christanto be
transferred to Changi Hospital as an interim measure pending determination of
the present criminal motion. Mr Christanto is wanted by the Commonwealth of
Australia to stand trial for two charges pertaining to an alleged conspiracy
to bribe a foreign public official under ss 11.5(1) read with 70.2(1) of the
Australian Criminal Code Act 1995 (No 12 of 1995) (“Australian Criminal
Code”). The charges are as follows:

First charge

Between 17 December 1999 and on or about 6 June 2000 at Melbourne and diverse
other places, Securency International Pty Ltd together with Radius Christanto,
Myles Curtis, Mitchell Anderson, Hugh Brown and diverse others conspired to
provide a benefit to another person, such benefit being not legitimately due
to the other person, with the intention of influencing a foreign public
official in the exercise of the official’s duties as a foreign public official
in order to obtain or retain business.

Second charge

Between 17 December 1999 and on or about 2 February 2001 at Melbourne and
diverse other places, Securency International Pty Ltd and Note Printing
Australia Limited together with Radius Christanto, Myles Curtis, Mitchell
Anderson, John Leckenby, Peter Hutchinson and diverse others conspired to
provide a benefit to another person, such benefit being not legitimately due
to the other person, with the intention of influencing a foreign public
official in the exercise of the official’s duties as a foreign public official
in order to obtain or retain business.

For completeness, I set out ss 11.5(1) and 70.2(1) of the Australian Criminal
Code in full as follows:

**11.5** **Conspiracy**

(1) A person who conspires with another person to commit an offence punishable
by imprisonment for more than 12 months, or by a fine of 200 penalty units or
more, is guilty of the offence of conspiracy to commit that offence and is
punishable as if the offence to which the conspiracy relates had been
committed.

**70.2** **Bribing a foreign public official**

(1) A person is guilty of an offence if:

(a) the person:

(i) provides a benefit to another person; or

(ii) causes a benefit to be provided to another person; or

(iii) offers to provide, or promises to provide, a benefit to another person;
or

(iv) causes an offer of the provision of a benefit, or a promise of the
provision of a benefit, to be made to another person; and

(b) the benefit is not legitimately due to the other person; and

(c) the first-mentioned person does so with the intention of influencing a
foreign public official (who may be the other person) in the exercise of the
official’s duties as a foreign public official in order to:

(i) obtain or retain business; or

(ii) obtain or retain a business advantage that is not legitimately due to the
recipient, or intended recipient, of the business advantage (who may be the
first-mentioned person).

(1A) In a prosecution for an offence under subsection (1), it is not necessary
to prove that business, or a business advantage, was actually obtained or
retained.

_Benefit that is not legitimately due_

(2) For the purposes of this section, in working out if a benefit is **_not
legitimately due_** to a person in a particular situation, disregard the
following:

(a) the fact that the benefit may be, or be perceived to be, customary,
necessary or required in the situation;

(b) the value of the benefit;

(c) any official tolerance of the benefit.

_Business advantage that is not legitimately due_

(3) For the purposes of this section, in working out if a business advantage
is **_not legitimately due_** to a person in a particular situation, disregard
the following:

(a) the fact that the business advantage may be customary, or perceived to be
customary, in the situation;

(b) the value of the business advantage;

(c) any official tolerance of the business advantage.

_Penalty for individual_

(4) An offence against subsection (1) committed by an individual is punishable
on conviction by imprisonment for not more than 10 years, a fine not more than
10,000 penalty units, or both.

[emphasis in original]

2 Mr Christanto was first contacted by the Corruption Prevention Investigation
Bureau (“CPIB”) on 16 March 2012 after which he was required to attend three
times at the CPIB (_ie_ 16 March 2012, 19 March 2012 and 4 May 2012) which he
did. He was initially required to post bail of $10,000 on 16 March 2012 and on
the second occasion on 19 March 2012, was required to provide two sureties and
the bail amount was increased to $200,000 ($100,000 per surety). Mr Christanto
complied with his bail conditions until he was arrested and the warrant for
apprehension was issued. The Prosecution oppose Mr Christanto’s criminal
motion before the High Court on the following grounds:

(a) Bail is not available under s 95(1)(c) of CPC 2010 for fugitives who have
been arrested under a warrant of apprehension issued under s 24(1) of the
Extradition Act 2000; and

(b) Parliament has unequivocally spoken through s 95(1)(c) of CPC 2010 to deny
bail to fugitives as the alternative may amount to a breach of Singapore’s
obligations and may give a fugitive a further opportunity to flee from the
reach of the requesting country.

The following questions thus arise in this application:

(c) Whether the Magistrate/DJ had the power to grant bail to fugitives facing
extradition proceedings under either the Extradition Act 2000 or CPC 2010;

(d) If not, whether the High Court had the power to grant bail to fugitives
facing extradition proceedings either under s 97 of CPC 2010 or in exercise of
its inherent jurisdiction, if any; and

(e) In the event that the High Court has the power to grant bail in
extradition proceedings, what considerations are operative and what bail
conditions should be imposed on the fugitive.

3 I turn now to the first question of the Magistrate’s power to grant bail in
extradition proceedings. In order to understand the provisions governing the
grant of bail in extradition proceedings, it is important to refer to the key
Acts and their respective predecessors. The first is the Extradition Act 1870
(33 & 34 Vict c 52) (UK). It was later consolidated as the Extradition Acts,
1870 to 1935, henceforth termed “Extradition Act 1870” for convenience, which
was passed in England as a comprehensive Act on extradition proceedings.
Before the Extradition Act 1870 came into force, the law (apart from the
common law) on extradition in England was in three treaties with France, US
and Denmark. The three separate Acts which gave effect to the three treaties
were repealed (see Sir Francis Piggott in _Extradition: A Treatise on the Law
relating to Fugitive Offenders_ (Kelly & Walsh Limited, 1910) (“Piggott”) at
pp 29–30). Orders in Council were put in place to give effect to England’s
extradition treaties, and the Orders in Council extended the application of
the Extradition Act 1870 to the British colonies under s 17 of Extradition Act
1870 (Piggott at pp 37 and 177). Shortly thereafter, the Fugitive Offenders
Act 1881 (44 & 45 Vict c 69) (UK) (“Fugitive Offenders Act 1881”) was enacted.
Piggott explains the difference between the two Acts at p 189:

The object of the [Fugitive Offenders Act 1881] ... is to apply the principles
of extradition to the [British Empire]. It differs from the Extradition Act
[1870] in this important particular, that it applies to a much larger area of
crime – to all offences punishable “either on indictment or information, by
imprisonment with hard labour for a term of 12 months or more, or by any
granter punishment.” It applies to all persons, subjects and aliens, who have
committed offences in one part of the Empire and escaped to another part [of
the Empire]. But its limitations are obvious; directly the fugitive has got
beyond the dominions, it is powerless, and both subject and alien come under
the Extradition Act [1870] with its limitations. This may be illustrated by
the following example – If a Frenchman from Reunion were to commit an offence
... in Mauritius, and escape to Australia, he could be sent back to Mauritius
under the Fugitive Offenders Act; but if he had escaped to New Caledonia he
could only be dealt with under the Extradition Act ... and he is not liable to
surrender if his offence is not within the treaty with France.

The Fugitive Offenders Act 1881 was intended for the extradition of fugitives
who had committed offences in and then had escaped to different parts of the
British empire whereas the Extradition Act 1870’s jurisdiction and operation
depended, in all cases, on treaties with foreign countries. In so far as bail
was concerned, under s 5 of the Fugitive Offenders Act 1881, the Magistrate
was expressly given powers to order bail for fugitives before him/her:

A fugitive when apprehended shall be brought before a Magistrate, who (subject
to the provisions of this Act) shall hear the case in the same manner and have
the same jurisdiction and powers, as near as may be (including the power to
remand and admit to bail), as if the fugitive were charged with an offence
committed within his jurisdiction.

Section 9 of the Extradition Act 1870 also had a similar provision relating to
the powers of the Magistrate, but the question as to whether this provision
expressly conferred on the Magistrate powers to grant bail, was a problematic
one. Section 9 of the Extradition Act 1870 stated as follows:

Hearing of case and evidence of political character of crime –

When a fugitive criminal is brought before the police magistrate, the police
magistrate shall hear the case in the same manner, and have the same
jurisdiction and powers, as near as may be, as if the prisoner were brought
before him charged with an indictable offence committed in England.

A question may arise as to why s 5 of the Fugitive Offenders Act 1881
expressly provided for the Magistrate’s power to grant bail while no express
mention of the same appeared in the Extradition Act 1870. Piggott (at p 94)
discusses this apparent omission, concluding that the silence of the
Extradition Act 1870, if it were to be given any significance at all, is
inconclusive on the question of the existence of the Magistrate’s power to
grant bail. He states:

The powers given to the magistrate under [s 9 of the Extradition Act 1870]
include the power to remand from time to time... But whether they also include
the right to admit the prisoner to bail is a difficult question not yet
authoritatively decided. A difference in the drafting of the corresponding
section of Fugitive Offenders Act, 1881, s. 5, may be at once noticed. There
the same language is used; but after the words “as near as may be,” the
following parenthesis is added – “(including the power to remand and admit to
bail).” No reliable argument can be made on this difference between the two
Acts; for while it may be said, on the one hand, that the express reference to
bail in the Act of 1881 shows that it was deliberately excluded from the Act
of 1870, it may also be argued that it was put into the later Act in order to
prevent the same point arising as had arisen under the earlier Act, and
therefore does not clear up the doubt under that Act.

I am in full agreement with this view.

4 Upon independence, our own legislative history began with the Extradition
Bill (Bill 16 of 1968) which was passed as the Extradition Act 1968 (Act 14 of
1968) (“Extradition Act 1968”). In the explanatory statement to the
Extradition Act 1968, the following was said:

The Bill provides for the repeal of the United Kingdom Extradition Acts, 1870
to 1935, and the Fugitive Offenders Act, 1881, in so far as they apply to and
operate as part of the law of Singapore ...

Our Extradition Act 1968 patterned legislation enacted and in force in
Australia (then), namely the Extradition (Commonwealth Countries) Act 1966 (No
75 of 1966) (Cth) and the Extradition (Foreign States) Act 1996 (No 76 of
1966) (Cth) (collectively, “the 1966 Acts” (see: Explanatory Statement to the
Extradition Bill, Bill 16 of 1968)) which essentially consolidated the
relevant provisions of the Extradition Act 1870 and Fugitive Offenders Act
1881, retaining the distinction between extradition to and from foreign states
and within the Commonwealth of Nations. Singapore’s legislative provisions
with respect to the grant or management of bail whether under the Extradition
Act 2000 currently in force or in the 1968 version of the Act have remained
largely unchanged. After the repeal of s 9 of the Extradition Act 1870 and s 5
of the Fugitive Offenders Act 1881, no provision of similar power or scope
relating to the Magistrate’s power to grant bail in extradition proceedings
has been incorporated in any statutory provision. As Piggott argues, the
Extradition Act 2000’s silence cannot be taken to be conclusive of
Parliament’s intention to oust all courts of their jurisdiction to grant bail
in extradition proceedings. Taking such a position would create confusion in
respect of some of the provisions such as ss 11(2) or 25(2) of the Extradition
Act 2000. These provisions have clear references to bail being granted when
they provide, for example, that a Magistrate may remand “a person brought
before him under this section, either in custody or on bail”. The following
sections evidence further instances of such references to fugitives facing
extradition proceedings while being on bail: s 10(5)(b) and s 11(6)(b) in
relation to Foreign States; s 21(2), s 24(5)(b), s 25(2) and s 25(6)(b) in
relation to Commonwealth States; and s 35(2), s 35(5)(b) and s 37(1)(b) in
relation to Malaysia. The sheer number of sections in the Extradition Act 2000
which clearly assume that the individual facing extradition may be on bail,
begs the question of how, under what provision and by whom the fugitive might
have been granted bail to begin with. If Parliament’s failure to include an
equivalent of s 5 or s 9 of the Fugitive Offenders Act 1881 or Extradition Act
1870 respectively was to be taken as conclusive evidence that fugitives shall
not be granted bail, what then is the court to make of the provisions in the
Extradition Act 2000 which conceive of such individuals being on bail? The
absence of an express provision conferring such a power to grant bail on the
Magistrate cannot logically be the end of this enquiry. The only reasonable
conclusion must be that the availability of bail is assumed by Parliament. The
silence of the Extradition Act 2000 should be addressed by applying the
general bail provisions contained in the CPC 2010 or the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the old CPC”) (particularly, ss 351 and 352),
depending on the time when extradition proceedings were commenced. While the
old CPC provisions make no specific mention of extradition proceedings, s
95(1)(c) of CPC 2010 specifically states that bail shall not be granted in
extradition proceedings. Thus it appears that reading the Extradition Act 2000
with s 95(1)(c) of CPC 2010, the Magistrate does not possess the power to
grant bail in extradition proceedings. However, even though the Magistrate is
not empowered to grant bail in extradition proceedings, the High Court is
vested with this power either under s 97 of CPC 2010 or by invoking its
inherent jurisdiction in pursuance of the same.

5 A question posed by the present application is whether the High Court may
grant bail in extradition cases under either s 95 or s 97 of CPC 2010. There
is some uncertainty concerning the nature of the power that allows a higher
court to “alter” bail orders of the Magistrate, especially in cases, similar
to the present, where the Magistrate refuses bail. Even in jurisdictions such
as the US, Australia and Malaysia which have recognised that there is some
recourse to a higher court against a Magistrate’s refusal to grant bail, there
are divergent views as to whether these applications are brought by way of
review or appeal. Tan Yock Lin and S Chandra Mohan in _Criminal Procedure in
Singapore and Malaysia_ (LexisNexis, Looseleaf Ed, 2012) (“Tan and Mohan”)
note in relation to the Singapore position (at paras 1404 – 1450 and 1452)
that:

...[T]he nature of bail is such that a bail decision can in no way be
envisaged as a final disposition. Being interlocutory in nature, if appeals
were possible, the main trial would become involved in questions which are
entirely preliminary in nature. And therefore, even the trial court may
consider a fresh application at any time, though an earlier bail application
has been refused. If an application for bail may be renewed before the trial
court, _a fortiori_ a fresh application may be made to the High Court by way
of review. ...

[...]

In Singapore, there is no appeal from a refusal of bail. Firstly, the
[Criminal Procedure] Code has no provision expressly conferring a right of
appeal. Secondly, a bail decision is merely interlocutory and does not finally
dispose of the rights of the accused. Thirdly, it is not a judgment or order
of any finality.

6 I agree with the view thus expressed. This is different from the position in
Malaysia where “an appeal [to a higher court] from a bail order or refusal of
bail of an inferior court” is available under s 394 of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Act 593, 1999 Rev Ed) (“Malaysian CPC”) (Tan and Mohan at paras
1454–1500). Thus, as the DJ’s decision to refuse the grant of bail is not
appealable, the High Court’s power to consider Mr Christanto’s criminal motion
under s 97 of CPC 2010 operates as a statutory power of review. The
alternative justification is that this power arises from the inherent
jurisdiction and power of the High Court to grant bail in extradition
proceedings, and this justification has been relied upon by courts in other
jurisdictions (see below at [12] to [16]).

7 Section 95 of CPC 2010 provides as follows:

**Exceptions to bail or release on personal bond**

95\. —(1) An accused shall not be released on bail or on personal bond if —

(_a_) he is charged for an offence punishable with death or imprisonment for
life;

(_b_) having been previously released on bail or personal bond in any criminal
proceedings, he had not surrendered to custody or made himself available for
investigations or attended court, and the court believes that in view of this
failure, he would not surrender to custody, or make himself available for
investigations or attend court if released; or

(_c_) he has been arrested or taken into custody under a warrant issued under
section 10, 24 or 34 of the Extradition Act (Cap. 103) or endorsed under
section 33 of that Act.

(2) Notwithstanding subsection (1), the court may —

(_a_) direct that any juvenile or any sick or infirm person accused of such an
offence be released on bail; or

(_b_) release on bail an accused charged with an offence referred to in
subsection (1)(_a_), if —

(i) the offence is also punishable with an alternative punishment other than
death or life imprisonment; and

(ii) the offence is to be tried before a District Court or a Magistrate’s
Court.

(3) In this section, “accused” includes a “fugitive” as defined in the
Extradition Act.

It is plain and clear under s 95(1)(c) of CPC 2010 that a fugitive apprehended
pursuant to ss 10, 24 or 34 of the Extradition Act 2000 “shall not be released
on bail or personal bond”. However, s 97 of CPC 2010 specifically relates to
the High Court’s powers in respect of bail:

**High Court’s powers to grant or vary bail**

97\. —(1) Whether there is an appeal against conviction or not, the High Court
may grant bail to any accused before it, release him on personal bond or vary
the amount or conditions of the bail or personal bond required by a police
officer or a Subordinate Court, and impose such other conditions for the bail
or personal bond as it thinks fit.

(2) At any stage of any proceeding under this Code, the High Court may cause
any person released under this section to be arrested and may commit him to
custody.

How s 95(1)’s restrictions relate to the High Court’s powers in s 97 of CPC
2010, was discussed in this Court’s decision in** __**_Mohamed Hisham bin
Sapandi v Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 868 (“ _Hisham_ ”). It was there
held that the High Court’s discretion in s 97 is unfettered by s 95(1) CPC
2010 which solely applies to the Subordinate Courts. The Prosecution has
sought to limit _Hisham_ ’s reasoning to the first limb of s 95(1)(a).
Although the court in _Hisham_ was dealing with s 95(1)(a) (which relates to
bail for “offences punishable with imprisonment for a term of 20 years or
more”), the reasoning behind reading s 97 as the governing provision,
unfettered by s 95(1) of CPC 2010 applies to every limb under s 95(1),
including s 95(1)(c) pertaining to the grant of bail extradition proceedings.
In fact, _Hisham_ stands for the wider proposition that to interpret s 97 as
subject to any of s 95(1)’s restrictions would be incorrect as it would be
contrary to Parliament’s intention and would render the High Court’s
jurisdiction under s 97 of CPC 2010 nugatory.

8 It must also be noted that if s 95(1)(a)-(c) of CPC 2010 is read to limit s
97 of CPC 2010, in the context of extradition proceedings, once a warrant of
apprehension is issued, prior to a full committal hearing, “bail would be
totally prohibited” and the “discretion of any court totally ousted” (see
_Hisham_ at [9]). This Court found that such a reading was unreasonable,
notwithstanding the specific limb of s 95(1) in issue, as “such a drastic
change in the law will require clear and express Parliamentary language”. It
should also be highlighted that on 18 January 2012, in response to a question
posed by MP Sylvia Lim, the Minister for Law, Mr Shanmugam (“the Minister”),
confirmed that if a case relating to the High Court’s jurisdiction to grant
bail arose again, that Parliament would amend the law to be in line with
_Hisham_. The Minister did not qualify his statement in relation to bail for
extradition proceedings. While it was argued by the Prosecution that the
Minister’s statement was to be limited to s 95(1)(a) of CPC 2010, the language
chosen by the Minister in the relevant Parliamentary debates were explicitly
different. The Minister in fact clearly discussed s 95(1) rather than s
95(1)(a) of CPC 2010 (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official
Report_ (18 January 2012) vol 88 at col 64). He said:

As regards the two points made by the hon. Member, Ms Sylvia Lim, I think the
question on bail and sections 95, 97, is a valid one. It was considered
recently last year in Hisham’s case. The High Court held that its power to
grant or vary bail under section 97(1), would be redundant if it were
qualified by other provisions, specifically section 95(1). And I think the
statement is very clear, it was directly on point in contrast to the earlier
case which I think was decided in 2005. And our view is that the statutory
language is clear, the judgement is clear, and the latest decision sets out
the law. Nevertheless, I thank the Member for raising it, allowing me to
clarify that the discretion is unfettered, and if the issue arises again, we
will certainly amend, to put that beyond doubt.

While the Minister’s statement admittedly arose in the context of the Second
Reading of the Statutes (Miscellaneous Amendments) Bill (Bill 22 of 2011)
which proposed amendments to s 95(1)(a) of CPC 2010 only, his views clearly
constituted unequivocal Parliamentary approval of _Hisham_ ’s interpretation
of its intention behind drafting s 97 in addition to or as overriding s 95(1)
of CPC 2010. While it is clear that s 97 is not fettered by s 95(1) of CPC
2010, how does one explain why s 97, relating to bail for “accused” persons
does not have a provision similar to s 95(3) which specifically includes
“fugitives” within the definition of “accused” for s 95’s purposes? First, the
simple answer is that s 97 of CPC 2010 is a general governing provision
intended to grant the High Court discretionary jurisdiction to grant bail
where an individual is arrested, particularly in the light of the Extradition
Act 2000’s silence on the matter. Accordingly, “any accused” under s 97 must
reasonably and necessarily be interpreted to include “fugitives”. Applying the
reasoning in _Hisham_ , absent clear Parliamentary language as seen in s
95(1)(c) removing “fugitives” from the scope of the High Court’s jurisdiction,
the High Court’s power is “unfettered”.

9 Second, under the procedure in ss 9-10 or 23-24 of the Extradition Act 2000,
once a notice is issued by the Minister for the surrender of the fugitive, a
warrant of apprehension can be issued by the Magistrate. Under ss 11(1) or
25(1) of the Extradition Act 2000, after having been apprehended, the
individual shall be brought “as soon as practicable before a Magistrate” for
his committal hearing whereupon the requesting state, through the Public
Prosecutor, must establish their case to warrant the committal of the
fugitive. To interpret s 97 as excluding “fugitives” would result in the
drastic consequence of individuals apprehended under the Extradition Act 2000
being denied the opportunity to apply for bail to any court until their
committal hearing which does not, by statute, have to be convened by any
specific number of days from apprehension. This interpretation would be a
serious denial of the established principle of “innocent until proven guilty”.
When a person has been charged for a crime but not yet convicted, bail is one
of the strongest and sincerest tribute to the presumption of innocence. It is
true that persons on bail may jump bail. When such a person does so it is
usually because he knows that he is guilty or he does not trust the justice
system. Adherence to the presumption of innocence therefore encourages the
innocent to have confidence in the justice system, and maintain his/her
liberty and right to be heard which the statutory provisions reviewed above
seek to preserve.

10 Third the Australian authorities also lend weight to reading “fugitives” as
a sub-set of accused persons as the position has been taken, and rightly so,
that extradition proceedings are simply a form of criminal proceedings. This
approach must be correct as the CPC 2010 is agreed by both parties in this
criminal motion to be the statute exhaustively governing all procedural
matters in relation to the Extradition Act 2000. In the Federal Court of
Perth’s decision of _Hempel and another v Moore_ (1987) 70 ALR 714, the
applicant sought an order of review under the Administrative Decisions
(Judicial Review) Act 1977 (No 59 of 1977) (Cth), against the Magistrate’s
refusal of bail after committing him to await surrender to the requesting
jurisdiction. One of the issues before the Federal Court of Perth was that O
53 r 35 of the Federal Court Rules in Australia (providing for bail pending
appeals in criminal proceedings) was based on s 59(2) of the Federal Court of
Australia Act 1976 (No 156 of 1976) which only allowed the court to make rules
for “convicted persons”. It was argued that “convicted persons” did not
include persons subject to extradition proceedings. The Federal Court rejected
this argument, relying on the English cases of _Amand v Home Secretary_ [1943]
AC 147 at 156 and _Zacharia v Republic of Cyprus_ [1963] AC 634 at 657 for the
proposition that extradition proceedings can be characterised as criminal
proceedings, and no distinction should be drawn between “convicted” and
“unconvicted” persons. The court was willing to overlook the specific
technical significance of the term “conviction” when dealing with an
individual facing committal in the course of extradition proceedings. Applying
the same reasoning, the term “fugitive” should be read as a subset of “any
accused” under s 97 of CPC 2010 on the basis that extradition proceedings are
simply a form of criminal proceedings to which all provision the CPC 2010,
where consistent with the Extradition Act 2000, must necessarily apply.

11 Fourth, the relevant statutory provisions relating to bail in extradition
proceedings support the interpretation of s 97 of CPC 2010 to include
fugitives. First, s 418 of CPC 2010 expressly confers the power on the High
Court to grant bail in cases where an order for review of detention is sought.
This would be after the fugitive has been committed before a Magistrate and
has made an application for review of his detention under s 417 of CPC 2010.
For completeness ss 417 and 418 of CPC 2010 state as follows:

**Application for order for review of detention**

417\. —(1) Any person —

(_a_) who is detained in any prison within the limits of Singapore on a
warrant of extradition under any law for the time being in force in Singapore
relating to the extradition of fugitive offenders;

(_b_) who is alleged to be illegally or improperly detained in public or
private custody within those limits; or

(_c_) who claims to be brought before the court to be dealt with according to
law, may apply to the High Court for an order for review of detention.

(2) On an application by a person detained on a warrant of extradition, the
High Court shall call upon the Public Prosecutor, the committing Magistrate
and the foreign Government to show cause why the order for review of detention
should not be made.

(3) Notice of the application together with copies of all the evidence used on
the application shall be served on the Public Prosecutor.

**Orders for review of detention**

418\. The High Court may, whenever it thinks fit, order that a prisoner
detained in any prison within the limits of Singapore shall be —

(_a_) admitted to bail;

(_b_) brought before a court martial; or

(_c_) removed from one custody to another for the purpose of trial or for any
other purpose which the Court thinks proper.

If s 97 CPC 2010 is interpreted as excluding “fugitives”, it would lead to the
curious result that the High Court would have the power to grant bail to a
person subject to a warrant of committal pending review of his detention but
not to an individual who was merely apprehended pending his committal hearing.
That person would be left without any opportunity to apply to bail either
before the Subordinate Court or High Court. In addition to ss 417 and 418 of
CPC 2010, as noted above, to interpret s 97 as excluding “fugitives” would
result in a number of provisions of the Extradition Act 2000 (above at [4])
which conceive of fugitives on bail, incomprehensible. Accordingly, a reading
of the relevant provisions that avoids absurd consequences requires the
inclusion of “fugitives” within the scope of the High Court’s jurisdiction
under s 97 of CPC 2010. As a matter of comparative jurisdictional analysis,
the interpretation of s 97 of CPC 2010 that confers on the High Court the
power to grant bail in extradition proceedings is a position in the company of
one of two approaches taken by Commonwealth jurisdictions. By way of example,
England, Malaysia and Australia have taken a statutory approach conferring on
the courts an express power to grant to bail in extradition proceedings, while
the US and England (prior to certain statutory enactments) have pronounced on
the existence of an inherent jurisdiction to grant bail which will be briefly
examined. The Hong Kong courts have affirmed that the superior court’s power
to grant bail is both based on statute and on the court’s inherent
jurisdiction.

12 The English Bail Act 1976 (c 63) (UK) (“Bail Act”) as amended by s 198 of
the Extradition Act 2003 (c 41) (UK) (“Extradition Act 2003”), currently in
force in England, expressly confers on the courts the power to grant bail to
individuals facing extradition by extending the application of bail provisions
governing all other domestic criminal proceedings to extradition proceedings.
Section 198 of the Extradition Act 2003 introduced the following pertinent
changes:

(a) The inclusion of persons whose extradition is sought within the class of
persons with a general right to bail under s 4(1) of the Bail Act which
states, “[a] person to whom this section applies shall be granted bail”. The
right to bail does not exist if the individual in question is “alleged to be
unlawfully at large after conviction” of the extraditable offence (ss
198(1)–(5), Extradition Act 2003);

(b) If a person has already been granted bail, a court can vary or impose bail
conditions or withhold bail if an application is made on behalf of the
requesting territory (s 198(6), Extradition Act 2003);

(c) Bail may not be granted to an individual facing extradition if the conduct
forming the subject matter of the extradition would if carried out in England
and Wales constitute an indictable offence and it appears that the individual
was on bail at the date of the offence (s 198(13), Extradition Act 2003);

(d) Bail is not likely to be granted where the individual failed to surrender
to custody, committed an offence on bail or is likely to interfere with
witnesses; and

(e) Section 200 of the Extradition Act 2003 amends the Bail (Amendment) Act
2003 (c 26) (UK) to give the requesting territory a right to appeal against a
judge’s decision to grant a person bail in extradition proceedings.

In the Malaysian decision of _Sek_ _Kon Kim v Attorney – General_ [1984] 1 MLJ
60 (“ _Sek_ _Kon Kim_ ”), the court observed that s 23 of the Fugitive
Criminals Act 1967 expressly stated that the provisions of the Malaysian
Criminal Procedure Code (FMS Cap 6, enacted in 1935) (“Malaysian CPC 1935”)
relating to bail shall apply in the same manner in extradition proceedings as
if the extradition crime had been committed in Malaysia. However, in so far as
the Extradition Ordinance 1958 (which is similar to Singapore’s Extradition
Act 1968) in Malaysia was concerned, notwithstanding the lack of a provision
similar to s 23, the court nevertheless found that it had “unfettered
discretion to grant bail under s 388(i) of the Criminal Procedure Code”. Under
the current version of the Malaysian CPC, s 388(1) is similar to s 327 of the
old CPC. Malaysia has since enacted the Extradition Act 1992 (Act 479) wherein
s 44 states as follows:

Provisions in the Criminal Procedure Code when applicable

44\. The provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code in relation to matters not
covered by this Act shall apply in so far as they are not inconsistent with
the provisions of this Act, and in the event of any inconsistence between the
Provisions of this Act and the Criminal Procedure Code the provisions of this
Act shall prevail.

Presently, similar to the English approach, bail applications in connection
with extradition hearings are heard under the Malaysian CPC, and depending on
the factors and circumstances of the case, the Malaysian court may grant bail
to the fugitive in question.

13 The inherent jurisdiction to grant bail has also been articulated in the
leading US Supreme Court decision in _Wright v Henkel_ 190 US 40 (1903) (“
_Wright v Henkel_ ”). Fuller CJ held that at pp 41 to 44 that:

Not only is there no statute providing for admission to bail in cases of
foreign extradition, but section 5270 of the Revised Statutes is inconsistent
with its allowance after committal, for it is there provided that if he finds
the evidence sufficient, the commissioner or judge "shall issue his warrant
for the commitment of the person so charged to the proper jail, there to
remain until such surrender shall be made."

...

The demanding government, when it has done all that the treaty and the law
require it to do, is entitled to the delivery of the accused on the issue of
the proper warrant, and the other government is under obligation to make the
surrender; an obligation which it might be impossible to fulfill if release on
bail were permitted. The enforcement of the bond, if forfeited, would hardly
meet the international demand; and the regaining of the custody of the accused
obviously would be surrounded with serious embarrassment. ...

We are unwilling to hold that the Circuit Courts possess no power in respect
of admitting to bail other than as specifically vested by statute, or that,
while bail should not ordinarily be granted in cases of foreign extradition,
those courts may not in any case, and whatever the special circumstances,
extend that relief. Nor are we called upon to do so as we are clearly of
opinion, on this record, that no error was committed in refusing to admit to
bail, and that, although the refusal was put on the ground of want of power,
the final order ought not to be disturbed.

The “special circumstances test” laid out in _Wright v Henkel_ accepts the
existence of the court’s power to grant bail in extradition proceedings while
limiting the actual grant to exceptional circumstances. For present purposes,
it is important to note that the existence of this power within the inherent
jurisdiction of the court remains good law in the US. In the California Court
of Appeal decision in _United States of America v Terence Damien Kirby_ 106 F
3d 855 (9th Cir, 1996) (“ _Terence Damien Kirby_ ”) (at 858) the court noted
that although there was no express statutory provision on the district court’s
power to grant bail, such a power was based on _Wright v Henkel_. The court
also held that while “an explicit statutory grant of authority is not, in
every case, a necessary prerequisite for judicial action”, it agreed that
“there must be some statutory basis for jurisdiction”. The court found that
this jurisdiction was based on 28 USC § 1291 which provided that courts of
appeal “shall have jurisdiction of appeals from all final decisions of the
district courts”.

14 Prior to the enactment of s 198 of the Extradition Act 2003, similar to the
Americans, the English also adopted the inherent jurisdiction approach in
characterising the power of the court to grant bail in extradition
proceedings. In the Privy Council decision of _Knowles and others v
Superintendent of Her Majesty’s Prison Fox Hill and others_ [2005] UKPC 17 (“
_Knowles_ ”), allowing the appeal, affirming the existence of the jurisdiction
of the Supreme Court of Bahamas to grant bail in extradition proceedings (with
a similar legislative landscape as Singapore) and the persuasive nature of the
reasoning in _R v Spilsbury_ [1898] 2 QB 615 (“ _R v Spilsbury_ ”) the Lords
stated as follows:

21 It is clear that the Supreme Court [of Bahamas] had an inherent
jurisdiction to grant bail to a person detained which was additional to the
specific power to grant bail given to the magistrates up to the time of
committal. In _R v Spilsbury_ [1898] 2 QB 615 in a appeal by a person arrested
under the Fugitive Offenders Act 1881 (44 & 45 Vict c 69) ... having reviewed
the provision of the 1881 Act Lord Russell concluded that there was no express
or implied withdrawal of the right to bail. He said, at p 622:

“I have come to the conclusion that the provisions of the statute are
consistent with the recognition of the power of this court to admit to bail in
such cases as the present. This inherent power to admit to bail is historical,
and has long been exercised by the court, and if the legislature had meant to
curtail or circumscribe this well-known power, their intention would have been
carried out by express enactment”.

He continued:

“But how ought the power to be exercised? Considering the class of cases which
are likely to arise under the Fugitive Offenders Act, it is obvious that the
power ought to be exercised with extreme care and caution.”

[...]

24 There are differences between the Fugitive Offenders Act 1881 and the
Extradition Act of The Bahamas, but in the view of the Board on the basis of
_R v Spilsbury_ , the Supreme Court had an inherent jurisdiction to grant bail
under The Bahamas Extradition Act, the predecessor to which was based on the
English Extradition Act 1870 (33 & 34 Vict c 52).

So since 1898, the English courts have strongly resisted the argument that in
the absence of a clear Parliamentary pronouncement, the court did not have the
power to grant bail for individuals facing extradition proceedings. English
statutory law in the form of s 4 of the Bail Act has now codified this power.

15 The Extradition Act 2000 currently in force in Singapore (and its
predecessor, the Extradition Act 1968) is based on the 1966 Acts. It would
thus be pertinent to examine how the Australian courts have dealt with
extradition cases under the 1966 Acts. Some doubt has been cast on the
existence of a statutory basis or the inherent jurisdiction to grant bail or
review a Magistrate’s refusal to grant bail. The court in _R v Rademeyer_
(1985) 59 ALR 141 (“ _Rademeyer_ ”) rejected the argument that the State
Supreme Courts or Federal Courts in Australia had any inherent power to grant
bail in extradition proceedings. Like Mr Christanto, the applicant in
_Rademeyer_ had been refused bail by the lower court pending the committal
hearing. The Sydney Supreme Court in _Rademeyer_ held that the 1966 Acts
covered “the whole field in relation to the surrender of fugitive offenders”
in Australia. The court also found that the Bail Act 1978 (No 161 of 1978)
(NSW) (“Bail Act 1978”) did not apply because a person accused of an
extradition crime was not “a person charged” with an offence as required under
s 6 of the Bail Act 1978. However, the High Court of Australia subsequently
alluded to the existence of its inherent jurisdiction to grant bail in
exceptional circumstances, although it found that it did not have to predicate
its decision on inherent jurisdiction (_Zoeller v Federal Republic of Germany_
(1989) 90 ALR 161 at 163-164). In _United Mexican States v Cabal and others_
[2001] 209 CLR 165, the High Court of Australia considered previous decisions
which referred to the existence of the inherent jurisdiction to grant bail.
The court was considering the availability of bail before special leave to
appeal was granted on an application under s 21 of the Extradition Act 1988
(No 4 of 1988) (Cth) (the Act which replaced the 1966 Acts in Australia). It
found that the power to grant bail arose from s 73 of the Commonwealth of
Australia Constitution Act (The Constitution) rather than any inherent
jurisdiction of the court:

In our view, the power to grant bail in a criminal or extradition case is an
incident of the power conferred by s 73 of the Constitution to hear appeals
from orders of certain courts. It is not a question of inherent jurisdiction.
The grant of judicial power carries with it authority to do all that is
necessary to effectuate its main purpose. Because that is so, the Court has
authority to do all that is necessary to effectuate the grant of appellate
jurisdiction conferred by s 73 of the Constitution. It therefore has power to
stay orders that are or may become the subject of its appellate jurisdiction.
If the Court did not have power to stay an order the subject of an appeal, it
might fail to do full justice to the appellant or potential appellant. ... If
there is an application for special leave to appeal or an appeal under s 73 of
the Constitution against an order of imprisonment, this Court has jurisdiction
to stay that order. It also has jurisdiction to grant bail so as to make the
stay order effective.

It is clear that fugitives are not without recourse in Australia even if the
courts are slow to grant bail in extradition cases. Academics have further
questioned whether the Federal Courts or State Supreme Courts themselves are
dispossessed of inherent jurisdiction to grant bail. E P Aughterson in
_Extradition: Australian Law and Procedure_ (The Law Book Company Limited,
1995) (“Aughterson”) noted at pp 197–198:

... State Supreme Courts have held that their inherent jurisdiction to grant
bail does not extend to cases where a person is held in custody under [the
1966 Acts], unless the court is vested with federal jurisdiction in the
matter. It might be questioned whether Supreme Courts should necessarily so
confine their powers. If the inherent jurisdiction does so extend, the
confinement of the limitation in s 15(3) [which provides that if bail is
refused, no other applications may be made “to any other magistrate” under the
Extradition Act 1988, as compared to “any other court” in the 1966 Acts]
suggests that the Extradition Act [1988] does not “expressly or by necessary
implication” deprive the Supreme Court of that power.

16 The availability of bail for fugitive offenders has also been acknowledged
in Hong Kong. In Hong Kong, the current position is that the superior courts
have both the statutory and inherent power to grant bail and review bail
orders of the committal court. Like Singapore, the Fugitive Offenders Act of
1881 was good law in Hong Kong while it was still a British colony. The UK
Fugitive Offenders Act 1967 also extended to Hong Kong by the Fugitive
Offenders (Hong Kong) Order 1967 (see: V E Hartley Booth, _British Extradition
Law and Procedure_ _(volume II)_ (BRILL, 1981) at pp 92–93). The Law Reform
Commission of Hong Kong in its report, Bail in Criminal Proceedings [1989]
HKLRC 1 at 3.2.6, p 19 (“the report”) considered the issue of denying the
right to bail to fugitives and the state of the law in Hong Kong at that time.
Rejecting the proposition that bail should be denied, the authors of the
report remarked as follows:

We also considered, but rejected, arguments for denying the right to bail to
certain categories of persons - such as non-residents, fugitives, deportees,
members of the Armed Forces, or persons liable to extradition. Such persons
may, it is true, be considered as transient and more likely to abscond. The
English Bail Act 1976, by its section 4(2), excludes fugitive offenders.
However, we preferred not to deny them the right to bail or a bail decision on
the sole ground of belonging to a particular category. Like everyone else they
are entitled to have their applications considered on the merits. No doubt
their status may be an important factor in deciding whether any of the
exceptions is established. We prefer an approach based on the principle that
freedom is indivisible and non-discriminatory. We deprecate any approach which
discriminates by reference to class or status. Even a fugitive offender is
entitled to a determination on bail, for there may be circumstances which make
his attendance at court to answer to the charges against him highly probable.

In relation to the position under Fugitive Offenders Ordinance (Cap 503) (HK)
(“Cap 503”) which is currently in force in Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region, the Hong Kong Court of First Instance in _In re Chong Bing Keung,
Peter_ [1998] HKCFI 351 affirmed that it could review the Magistrate’s order
to refuse bail under s 9J(1) of the Criminal Procedure Ordinance (Cap 221)
(HK) (“Criminal Procedure Ordinance”) which states that “[w]here a District
Judge or magistrate has refused to admit a person to bail or has so admitted a
person subject to any condition, that person may in the case of a refusal,
apply to a judge to be admitted to bail or in the case of an admission to bail
subject to any condition, apply to a judge to be admitted to bail without bail
being subject to that condition”. The court held that s 10(5) of Cap 503
“which sets out the requirement for special circumstances has no application
to the High Court and only applies to a court of committal”. Section 10(5) of
Cap 503 provides that “neither the court of committal nor any other court
shall remand on bail the person arrested unless it is satisfied that there are
special circumstances justifying such remand”. When reviewing a Magistrate’s
decision, “the High Court judge only has to consider ... Part IA of the
Criminal Procedure Ordinance” which provides for the right of an accused
person or a fugitive offender to be admitted to bail. This is notwithstanding
Part IA of the Criminal Procedure Ordinance making no reference to “fugitive”,
and only referring to “accused persons”. The Court of First Instance in the
subsequent case of _Hong Kong Special Administrative Region v Robert Henry
Cosby_ [1999] HKCFI 944 affirmed _R v Spilsbury_ and held that as “a superior
court of unlimited jurisdiction [it] always has inherent jurisdiction to grant
bail”. It is clear that while the source of the courts’ power to review or
grant bail to fugitives varies from one jurisdiction to another, there is a
discernible consensus in most jurisdictions on the existence of such a power.

17 Lastly, the inherent jurisdiction of this court in criminal proceedings is
recognised in s 5 of CPC 2010:

**Saving of powers of Supreme Court and law officers**

5\. Nothing in this Code shall derogate from the jurisdiction or powers of the
Court of Appeal or the High Court or the Judges thereof, or the Attorney-
General or the Solicitor-General.

Parliament thus recognised and provided that the inherent jurisdiction of the
court was not to be ousted by the operation of CPC 2010. The inherent
jurisdiction of the court may be a basis on which bail can be granted or
refusal of bail reviewed in cases where s 97 of CPC 2010 does not, on its
plain meaning, apply. Suffice to say that while some jurisdictions have a
clear statutory framework governing the power to grant bail in extradition
proceedings, the remaining countries such as the US, England (pre-statute) and
Hong Kong have pronounced the very power to be capable of invoking the court’s
inherent jurisdiction, albeit in exceptional circumstances. Taking the example
of England, even in the face of clear statutory restrictions prohibiting the
grant of bail to fugitives (_ie_ s 4 Bail Act prior to s 198 of Extradition
Act 2003), the courts as far back as 1898 took the view that bail applications
could be heard and granted by a court invoking its inherent jurisdiction.
While Commonwealth courts have disagreed on the ease of availability and
relevant considerations operative on the grant of bail in extradition
proceedings, notwithstanding their respective unique statutory landscapes,
they are in agreement on the existence of the power to hear such bail
applications. It is for Parliament to clearly and unequivocally oust the
courts of the power to grant bail in extradition proceedings, short of which s
97 should be interpreted as inclusive of fugitives and as unfettered by s
95(1)(c) of CPC 2010. As eloquently phrased by Lord Russell of Killowen CJ in
_R v Spilsbury_ at p 620:

This court has, independently of statute, by the common law, jurisdiction to
admit to bail. Therefore the case ought to be looked at in this way: does the
Act of Parliament, either expressly or by necessary implication, deprive the
court of that power?

It is thus the opinion of this Court that it has the power to grant bail to
fugitives facing extradition proceedings either under s 97 of CPC 2010 or by
invoking its inherent jurisdiction. The question then arises as to what
factors the court should take into account and what if any considerations
should be accepted as distinguishing extradition proceedings from domestic
criminal proceedings.

18 The US court in _Re Mitchell_ 171 F 289 (1909) affirmed _Wright v Henkel_
in holding that while the fugitive had a right to bail, bail would be granted
“only in the most pressing circumstances, and when the requirements of justice
are peremptory”. As noted by Roberto Iraola, commenting on the way US courts
exercise their inherent jurisdiction in extradition proceedings, in “The
Federal Common Law of Bail in International Extradition Proceedings” 17 Ind
Int’l & Comp L Rev 29 at pp 29–47, the following factors are examples of
“special circumstances”: a substantial likelihood of success at the hearing,
availability of bail for the underlying charge in the requesting country, the
requesting country’s allowance of admission to bail for those facing an
extradition hearing for the same offense, the likelihood of success in
defending against the action in the requesting country, a delayed extradition
hearing, a severe health problem, probable lengthy delay as a result of the
extradition proceedings itself and appeals therefrom, the age of the
extraditee and availability of a suitable detention facility. The presumption
against bail in extradition cases and the US court’s reluctance to exercise
the power save in “exceptional circumstances” was likely founded on the fact
that the inherent jurisdiction of the court is by definition discretionary and
to be exercised in “exceptional circumstances”. A review of the cross-
jurisdictional approaches to the grant of bail in extradition proceedings
reveals that it is the source of the power that justifies a differentiation of
the scope of the court’s power _vis-a-vis_ extradition proceedings and
domestic criminal proceedings. By way of summary, the court in _In the Matter
of Extradition of Nacif-Borge_ 829 F Supp 1210 (D Nev 1993) at 1214 (“ _Nacif-
Borge_ ”) noted that bail has “usually” been denied in extradition
proceedings. The evolution of the English approach noted in _Knowles_ wherein
the Lords stated at [26] that “it should only be in exceptional cases that
bail as a matter of discretion is granted” is markedly different from the
current approach in England which is now entrenched in statute. With enactment
of s 198 of the Extradition Act 2003, while certain considerations specific to
extradition have been incorporated into the Bail Act, the scope of the power
to grant bail and the individual’s right to bail is identical regardless of
whether they face domestic criminal prosecution or international extradition.
The English experience reveals that where the power to grant bail is
statutory, the court’s power is broader and consistent with its powers in
domestic criminal proceedings.

19 The Singapore courts do not have to invoke their inherent jurisdiction to
grant bail in extradition cases since s 97 of the CPC 2010 is a clear
statutory basis for the High Court to exercise its power to grant bail in all
criminal proceedings. Accordingly, it is my opinion that the uniform approach
treating extradition proceedings as a subset of criminal proceedings is
preferred. The relevant factors for each crime (whether extraditable or not)
will vary depending on the nature of the offence, unique aspects of the
factual matrix of the case and the individual in question. As in domestic
proceedings, the flight risk posed by the individual can be addressed by the
bail conditions imposed rather than eclipsing the availability of bail. The
question of whether bail is granted depends on the facts of each case.
Furthermore, analyses of the relevant factors on the grant of bail will
quickly show that no single unique factor attributable to fugitives stand out
requiring a wholly unique, separate or narrower approach to be taken at the
very outset when confronted with extradition proceedings. While some factors
may be more relevant than others such as the flight risk of the fugitive, this
would also be the case when one compares different domestic criminal offences
(whether cheating or murder). This distinction is also borne out by the fact
that the narrower scope of the power to grant bail is adopted by countries
which take the inherent jurisdiction approach such as the US.

20 A review of the case law arising from a range of jurisdictions will show
that the courts do not have a consistent response to the question of when bail
would be granted in extradition proceedings, and what factors would be
regarded by the court as sufficient. This is understandable as the exercise of
the power to grant bail is discretionary and fact-sensitive. In _Sek_ _Kon
Kim_ , the court held that the following non-exhaustive factors would be
considered in a bail application for individuals facing extradition:

(1) The nature and gravity of the offence charged.

(2) The severity and degree of punishment which conviction might entail.

(3) The guarantee that the accused person if released on bail would not either
abscond or obstruct the prosecution in any way.

(4) The danger of the witness being tampered with and whether the accused
person if released on bail is likely to tamper with prosecution evidence.

(5) The opportunity of the accused to prepare the defence.

(6) The character, means and standing of the accused.

(7) The long period of detention of the accused and probability of further
period of delay.

21 Given that bail was granted in _Sek_ _Kon Kim_ , a summary of the facts may
be useful. This case concerned an applicant, a Malaysian, who worked in
Australia and who upon return to Malaysia was accused of committing certain
offences relating to fraudulent conversion of cheques totalling A$104,646.78.
The alleged offences were committed in 1973 and the applicant had returned to
Malaysia soon thereafter. Extradition proceedings were commenced in 1979 and
he was arrested in 1983\. The Magistrate refused to grant bail to the
applicant pending the committal hearing. The court hearing the application
from the Magistrate’s decision found that given that the underlying offences
were not serious in nature, were alleged to have taken place in 1973, and the
applicant had vast business dealings in Malaysia and had surrendered his
travel documents, bail should be granted to the applicant. The application for
bail was allowed at $100,000 with two sureties and the surrender of all his
travelling documents.

22 Mr Quek and Mr Haq, counsel for Mr Christanto, emphasised the following
considerations of fact which lent weight to his petition for the grant of
bail:

(a) Co-operation: He (Mr Christanto) has co-operated with Singapore
authorities and attended at least three sessions at the CPIB to assist in
their investigations. The Prosecution has stated that “[t]here is clear
evidence that until his arrest on 4 May 2012, Mr Christanto did not have the
faintest idea that he was wanted by the Australian authorities on very serious
charges, and that actions were being taken to have him extradited”.

(b) Delay in commencement of extradition proceedings: 12 years have lapsed
since the offences identified in the charges were alleged committed and Mr
Christanto has not been on notice either actual or constructive of
investigations against him.

(c) Low flight risk: He was aware of the facts forming the subject matter of
the Australian extradition charges prior to the issuance of the warrant of
apprehension and notwithstanding that, he complied with his bail terms from
the CPIB.

(d) Substantial roots in Singapore: He has real roots in Singapore since he
attended the then Nanyang University in 1973 and Singapore has been his place
of residence from around 1989\. He successfully applied and received a long
term visit pass in 2008 prior to the commencement of any investigations
against him. His three children have been “practically raised and educated” in
Singapore, completing their primary, secondary and junior college education
between 1989 and 2003. His daughter and younger brother also work and reside
in Singapore (the Prosecution submitted, in error, at the hearing before the
DJ that Mr Christanto had no family in Singapore).

(e) Substantial investments in Singapore: He has substantial investments in
Singapore in the form of seven immovable properties worth approximately $25
million of which two apartments (in The Claymore at 27 Claymore Road and The
Seaview at 29 Amber Road) have been fully paid for. The remaining five
properties are currently being rented out and are at least 40% paid for. He
also has cash deposits of about S$15 million in Singapore banks.

(f) Poor health: He is 64 years of age and is in poor health as he suffers
from a “myriad of heart ailments”. Dr Chua Thiam Eng (“Dr Chua”) of Cambridge
Clinic stated that in his opinion, Mr Christanto “is definitely sick and unfit
for remand” and this opinion was concurred by Dr Hui Kok Pheng (“Dr Hui”) of
Mount Elizabeth Medical Centre. A letter dated 14 May 2012 from Dr Chua states
that Mr Christanto suffers from:

(i) Coronary Artery Disease with an angioplasty done in May 2011;

(ii) Benign prostate hypertrophy pending prostate biopsy;

(iii) Cervical spondylosis with chronic neck ache and pain requiring
physiotherapy three times a week;

(iv) Mild chronic inflammation in the right middle lobe of his lung requiring
further evaluation; and

(v) Further evaluation was also required for his cardiac and lung conditions
and persistent symptoms of chest pain and giddiness.

Finally, Mr Christanto expressed his commitment to abiding by the bail
conditions and offered to post a bail sum of S$200,000 to $500,000. His
counsels, Mr Quek and Mr Haq also submitted that pursuant to the additional
conditions of bail under s 94 of CPC 2010, this Court could order Mr
Christanto to report once in the morning to the police and once in the
evening, in addition to impounding his passport.

23 Section 95(2) of the CPC 2010 provides for an exception to the general
prohibition against the grant of bail by the Subordinate Courts in extradition
proceedings, on account of the health of the person to be detained. Section
95(2) provides that “[n]otwithstanding subsection (1), the court may direct
that any juvenile or any sick or infirm person accused of such offence be
released on bail”. This power is available to the High Court under s 97 of the
CPC 2010. The discretion to grant bail on account of the potential detainee’s
illness should not of course be exercised merely because bare allegations of
poor health are made by the fugitive. The court has to be satisfied that
remanding the person would significantly exacerbate his or her illness, and
that this cannot be remedied by changing the conditions of remand, for
example, by remanding him or her in a medical institute. I considered Mr
Christanto’s application under s 97 of the CPC 2010.

24 The factors relevant to a bail hearing in extradition proceedings vary
considerably depending on when the application is made (_ie_ prior to the
fugitive’s committal hearing, after the fugitive has been committed or pending
the hearing of an order of review of detention under s 418 of CPC 2010). I
pause to clarify my earlier decision in _Public Prosecutor v Lim Yong Nam_
[2012] SGHC 45 (“ _Lim Yong Nam_ ”). In _Lim Yong Nam_ , the fugitive was
released on bail of $100,000 pending his committal hearing and after the
committal order was issued the Magistrate ordered his bail to be extended in
the light of his medical conditions. I therefore accepted the Prosecution’s
view that the Magistrate had no authority to grant bail once a warrant of
committal had been granted under s 11(1) of the Extradition Act 2000. In
relation to the Magistrates’ power to grant bail in extradition proceedings,
having had the benefit of full arguments in the present application, I am now
of the view that my decision in _Lim Yong Nam_ should be read in light of s
95(1)(c) of CPC 2010, the governing provision on bail applications before the
Subordinate Courts. On the question of the High Court’s power to grant bail in
extradition proceedings, I must emphasise that in the light of my decision in
_Hisham_ and s 418 of the CPC 2010 which avails the High Court of the power to
grant bail to a committed fugitive awaiting extradition, it would be wrong for
s 97 of the CPC 2010 to interpreted such that the High Court does not have
power to grant bail to a fugitive caught between his/her committal and review
hearing. Accordingly, I find that the High Court has the power to grant bail
throughout extradition proceedings and to review the DJ’s decision to refuse
bail under s 97 of CPC 2010, and alternatively, by invoking its inherent
jurisdiction. Turning to the facts of this case, I am of the view that as Mr
Christanto is awaiting his committal hearing, the fact that he co-operated
with the CPIB to the best of his abilities and complied with bail conditions
imposed upon him support the grant of his bail at this juncture. I am also
satisfied that Mr Christanto has substantial assets in and family ties to
Singapore and that the bail conditions imposed on his travel outside of this
jurisdiction will sufficiently answer the Prosecution’s concerns as to any
flight risk which he potentially poses. I pause to note that while it is
doubtful that Mr Christanto would have succeeded under s 95(2), in exercise of
my discretion under s 97 of the CPC 2010 I also took into account his medical
conditions and the undisputed evidence of his doctors as to the effect of
remanding him. Having considered the totality of the evidence before me, I
order that bail shall be granted to Mr Christanto at $2,000,000 in two
sureties with the following conditions:

(A) ss 94(2)(a)–(d) of CPC 2010 to apply, namely:

(a) to surrender any travel document in his possession;

(b) to surrender to custody or to make himself available for investigations or
to attend court at the day, time and place appointed for him to do so;

(c) not to commit any offence while released on bail or on personal bond; and

(d) not to interfere with any witness or otherwise obstruct the course of
justice whether in relation to himself or any other person;

(B) he shall report once in the morning at 8.30 am and once in the evening at
6.30pm to the nearest police station or as the police may direct;

(C) he shall not apply for any further travel documents or leave the
jurisdiction of Singapore pending extradition proceedings against him; and

(D) his sureties shall not leave the jurisdiction of Singapore without the
permission of the High Court or the DJ having conduct of the pending
extradition hearings.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

