Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd _v_ Wong Hua Choon  
[2012] SGCA 54

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 16 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC and Jonathan Lee Zhongwei (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the appellant; Chew Kei-Jin, Chen Yixin Edith and Teo Jun Wei Andre
(Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd — Wong Hua Choon  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 2 SLR 903.]

28 September 2012| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction and facts

1 This is an appeal against the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd v Wong Hua_ _Choon_ [2012] 2 SLR 311 (“the
Judgment”).

The dramatis personae

2 The Appellant, OCBC Capital Investment Asia Limited, is an investment
holding company incorporated in Hong Kong which is wholly owned by Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”). Messrs Vincent Ng Fook Cheong
(“Vincent”) and Goh Chong Jin (“Mr Goh”) were officers of the Appellant at the
material time. Mr Chua Choon Kiang (“Mr Chua”) was the Vice-President of the
Mezzanine Capital Unit of OCBC at the material time. Vincent, Mr Goh and Mr
Chua shall collectively be referred to as “the Appellant’s representatives” in
this judgment.

3 The Respondent, Mr Wong Hua Choon, is the Appellant’s customer. He is the
President and Chief Executive Officer of Frontken Corporation Berhad
(“Frontken”), a company incorporated in Malaysia and listed on the Main Board
of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad (“Bursa Malaysia”). He is also a
shareholder of Frontken, with a shareholding of about 20%. Mr Nicholas Ng Wai
Pin (“Nicholas”) was an independent director of Frontken and a personal friend
of the Respondent at the material time. He was also legally trained and had
practised law before. In fact, the Respondent relied on Nicholas who acted
upon the Respondent’s instructions as well as on his behalf in the
Respondent’s dealings with the Appellant’s representatives at the material
time. Nicholas was first introduced to both Mr Goh and Vincent at a meeting
held on 26 February 2009 between the Respondent, Nicholas, Mr Goh and Vincent.

The original agreement – the Risk Participation Agreement

4 On 20 July 2007, the Appellant and the Respondent entered into a contract
(“the Risk Participation Agreement”). Under the terms of the Risk
Participation Agreement, if the Appellant subscribed for shares in Frontken
(“the Frontken shares”) and subsequently sold them within a stipulated period
(“the Risk Participation Period”), the Respondent had to pay the Appellant the
difference between the sale price and the “floor price” (which was stipulated
as 85% of the cost price of each Frontken share) of the Frontken shares less
any capital distributions received. After the parties entered into the Risk
Participation Agreement, the Appellant proceeded to subscribe to a total of
27,630,400 Frontken shares. Pursuant to the terms of the Risk Participation
Agreement, the Risk Participation Period was scheduled to expire on 10 August
2009.

The impact of the global financial crisis in late 2008 and the search for a
mutually beneficial solution

5 In late 2008, the global financial crisis struck and the market price of the
Frontken shares fell drastically below the floor price. In February 2009, the
Appellant decided to divest itself of its investment in Frontken. This
intention was communicated to the Respondent at a meeting on 10 February 2009
held between the Respondent, Mr Goh and Vincent.

6 As mentioned above at [3], the Respondent owned about 20% of the shares in
Frontken then and was the largest single shareholder in Frontken. If the
Appellant were to sell its Frontken shares, the Respondent would be exposed to
a large personal liability under the Risk Participation Agreement and the
share price of Frontken would be depressed, hence reducing the value of the
Respondent’s shareholding in Frontken. In so far as the Appellant was
concerned, in the best case scenario, the Appellant would suffer a 15% loss on
its investment in Frontken, assuming buyers for its Frontken shares could be
found and the Respondent was able to meet his liabilities under the Risk
Participation Agreement. There was hence an additional risk to the Appellant
if it could not find buyers for its Frontken shares and if the Respondent did
not have the financial liquidity to meet his liabilities to the Appellant
under the Risk Participation Agreement.

7 In the circumstances, the Appellant and the Respondent entered into
negotiations in order to find a mutually beneficial solution, which would
simultaneously furnish the Appellant with an acceptable exit option and
safeguard the Respondent’s interest in the Frontken shares.

The 23 June 2009 meeting

8 These negotiations culminated in a meeting on 23 June 2009 (“the 23 June
2009 meeting”) in which the parties settled on the terms contained in a term
sheet (“the Term Sheet”) which was earlier drawn up on 16 June 2009.

9 The key provisions of the Term Sheet[note: 1] were as follows:

(a) Risk Participation Period: “In force immediately following Restricted
Period (1 July 2010) for as long as [the Appellant] continues to hold its
Frontken shares”.

(b) Restricted Period: “1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010. Risk Participation does
not apply during this period; Compensation Sum will also not apply to the
balance Sale Shares if [the Appellant] sells any shares below [RM 0.47] during
this period”.

(c) Sale of Shares to [the Respondent] (“Sale Shares”):

(i) The Appellant shall sell 3,703,704 [Frontken shares] to the Respondent in
five tranches at Market Price, _ie_ , the closing price quoted by Bursa
Malaysia for the trading day immediately preceding the date of the sale of
shares.

(ii) The Respondent “shall compensate difference between Market Price and [RM
0.54]” (“the Compensation Sum”).

(iii) The Appellant “may sell balance [Frontken shares] at anytime [_sic_] but
if any shares are sold below [RM 0.47] during Restricted Period, [the
Appellant] must forgo balance Compensation Sum for subsequent tranches of the
Sale Shares”.

(d) Security: The Respondent has to pledge [his] Frontken shares to the
Appellant upon signing of this agreement. The Respondent “shall undertake to
maintain the [Loan-to-Value ratio (“LTV”)] to be not more than 1. Should the
LTV be more than 1, [the Respondent] is required to top up by pledging
additional Security so that the [LTV] immediately after topping up is not more
than 0.9”.

(e) Shareholder Profit Sharing: The Respondent would be entitled to profit-
sharing, should the Appellant make any profit from any eventual disposal of
its Frontken shares, according to the following formula: “(Total Net Proceeds
from sale of all Investor shares – RM 15M) x 25%”.

(f) Right of first refusal: The Respondent shall have a right of first refusal
to purchase the Appellant’s remaining Frontken shares, whereby “the [s]elling
price shall be at least 87.5% the previous day’s closing price”.

(g) Fees: Waived by the Appellant.

(h) Documentation: “A Supplemental Agreement to be executed to effect
necessary changes.”

10 The Term Sheet essentially provided for the sale of 3,703,704 Frontken
shares owned by the Appellant to the Respondent in five tranches. It also
provided for the remaining 23,926,696 shares to be subject to, _inter alia_ ,
a _new_ Risk Participation Period commencing from 1 July 2010 and continuing
as long as the Appellant holds any Frontken shares. The Respondent had a right
of first refusal to the remaining Frontken shares that the Appellant chose to
sell. If the Appellant made a profit from selling the remaining Frontken
shares, it was obligated to share its profits with the Respondent in
accordance with a specified formula (see above at [9(e)]). The Respondent also
had to pledge a certain amount of his shares in Frontken as security.

11 Most importantly, for the purposes of the present appeal, the parties
agreed to execute a “Supplemental Agreement” (hereafter referred to as “the
Supplemental Agreement”) to “effect necessary changes”. Because of its
importance, the term providing for this (“the crucial term”) is reproduced
once again, as follows:[note: 2]

**_Documentation_** : A **_Supplemental Agreement_** _to be executed_** _to
effect necessary changes._** [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The events following the 23 June 2009 meeting

12 After the 23 June 2009 meeting, an OCBC investment committee (“OIC”)
internal meeting was held in the early evening of that same day. The OIC
approved the terms of the Term Sheet on 23 June 2009 itself.[note: 3]

13 On the night of 23 June 2009, Mr Goh forwarded to the Respondent and
Nicholas a list of the panel of lawyers that the Appellant would be agreeable
to appoint to prepare the formal documentation.[note: 4] The Respondent had
agreed to bear the legal fees in connection with the preparation of the formal
legal documentation. On 24 June 2009, Mr Goh sent a follow-up email to the
Respondent and Nicholas, requesting their feedback on the list of the panel of
lawyers. On the same day, Mr Chua also sent an email to the Respondent and
Nicholas, stating “its [_sic_] was great that [they] were able to quickly
agree on the outstanding matters” and that he “[l]ook[ed] forward to signing
of this [S]upplemental [Agreement] with the same urgency”.[note: 5]

14 From 24 June 2009 to 6 July 2009, Nicholas (who, as already noted above at
[3], represented the Respondent) exchanged correspondence with Mr Goh and Mr
Chua in which he attempted to minimise the legal fees for preparing the formal
documentation. On 8 July 2009, the Respondent agreed to the appointment of
Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia) to prepare the Supplemental Agreement, with OCBC’s
internal legal department drafting the Sale and Purchase Agreement as well as
the Memorandum of Deposit. From then till the time when the documentation was
sent to the Respondent, there was no communication or any meeting between the
parties.

15 The formal documentation (which included the Supplemental Agreement) was
eventually completed by the Appellant and sent to the Respondent for execution
on 6 August 2009, just four days before the expiry of the Risk Participation
Period on 10 August 2009 (see above at [4]). Despite persistent attempts by Mr
Chua and Mr Goh to contact the Respondent, they were unable to reach him. The
Respondent only responded by email on 11 August 2009, the day _after_ the
_expiry_ of the Risk Participation Period. In that email, the Respondent
requested for time to consult his lawyers on the documents sent to him, which
included the Supplemental Agreement. In his reply dated 12 August 2009, Mr
Chua requested that the Respondent sign a Letter of Extension for the
extension of the Risk Participation Period (which expired on 10 August 2009)
under the Risk Participation Agreement (“the Letter of Extension”). The
Respondent replied on the same day, again requesting for some time to consult
his lawyers, to which request Mr Chua agreed. From 10 to 28 August 2009, the
Appellant’s representatives repeatedly sought updates from the Respondent and
requested that the Respondent sign the Letter of Extension, but to no avail.

16 Eventually, a meeting on 28 August 2009 was arranged and held between the
Respondent, Nicholas and Mr Chua. At that meeting, Mr Chua presented the
formal documentation to the Respondent and asked him to sign them, but the
Respondent declined to sign the documentation, stating that he was not legally
obliged to do so. Subsequently, at the same meeting, a “restructuring”
proposal was floated under which the Appellant was to extend a loan to
Frontken to purchase the Appellant’s Frontken shares. The discussions for the
proposal that took place in the following days ended in a stalemate.

The proceedings in the court below

The parties’ arguments

17 The Appellant subsequently sued the Respondent in the High Court by
initiating Suit No 63 of 2010 (“the suit”), alleging that a legally binding
(oral) contract in the terms of the Term Sheet had arisen as a result of the
23 June 2009 meeting and that the Respondent had been in repudiatory breach of
the contract by refusing to execute the formal documentation and performing
his obligations under the contract. The Appellant alleged that it had suffered
loss as a result of the Respondent’s repudiatory breach.

18 Alternatively, the Appellant pleaded estoppel by convention as a second
string to its legal bow, alleging that the Respondent was estopped from either
denying that a legally binding contract was formed on 23 June 2009 or denying
that the Risk Participation Period had been extended till the execution of the
formal documentation, because of a common assumption or understanding held by
both parties that a legally binding contract had been validly formed on 23
June 2009, or that the Risk Participation Period had been extended till the
execution of the formal documentation and that the Respondent had knowingly
acquiesced in the same.

19 On the other hand, the Respondent argued that no contract had been formed
at the 23 June 2009 meeting, no breach of any contract had occurred, no
assumption or understanding as pleaded by the Appellant had existed, and the
Appellant had not suffered any loss that it could claim against the
Respondent.

The Judge’s decision

20 The Judge dismissed the Appellant’s claim.

21 In arriving at his decision, the Judge first reviewed the relevant case law
(see the Judgment at [21]–[45]) after setting out the undisputed facts. He
noted this court’s decision in _Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v
Newport Mining Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 4 SLR 617 (“ _Norwest_ ”) and
stated that if the crucial term in the Term Sheet was tantamount to a “subject
to contract” clause, then “very strong and exceptional context” must be
demonstrated by the Appellant before the _prima facie_ inference that the
parties’ intention was not to be bound prior to the execution of the
Supplemental Agreement would be displaced (see the Judgment at [23]). He noted
that “[t]he critical inquiry in resolving the applicable scenario is to
determine from the objective evidence whether the parties intended to be
_immediately bound_ to perform on the agreed terms or to defer legal relations
until formal execution of the written contract” [emphasis in original], and
that “[i]mmediacy of performance is the key consideration” (see the Judgment
at [34]).

22 After construing the crucial term (see above at [11]), the Judge held that
it had the same effect as a “subject to contract” clause (see the Judgment at
[35]).

23 The Judge then proceeded to examine the conduct of the parties prior to,
at, as well as subsequent to the 23 June 2009 meeting to ascertain whether
their conduct was consistent with the existence of a binding oral contract
entered into during that particular meeting (see the Judgment at [45]).

24 The Judge first examined the Appellant’s submissions made to displace the
_prima facie_ inference (see the Judgment at [46]). After examining the
Appellant’s case, the Judge concluded that the Appellant had failed to adduce
sufficient evidence to displace the _prima facie_ inference (see the Judgment
at [56]).

25 The Judge then proceeded to examine the Respondent’s submissions made
demonstrate that the parties’ objective intention was for the agreement
between them to be legally binding only after the execution of the formal
agreement (see the Judgment at [56]). The Judge reviewed the evidence and
accepted and agreed with the four main points made by the Respondent, which
were as follows (see the Judgment at [56]–[87]):

(a) The fact that the approval of the OIC had to be obtained after the 23 June
2009 meeting and before the Appellant could proceed with the preparation of,
_inter alia_ , the Supplemental Agreement;

(b) The manner of the operation of the Supplemental Agreement both under its
terms and in practice;

(c) The course of dealing between the parties; and

(d) The Appellant’s absence of belief in the existence of a binding oral
contract after the 23 June 2009 meeting and prior to the commencement of the
suit.

26 In so far as the fourth point was concerned, the Judge considered and
accepted three material facts raised by the Respondent to demonstrate the
Appellant’s own absence of belief in the existence of a binding contract
concluded at the 23 June 2009 meeting (see the Judgment at [74]–[87]):

(a) The Appellant’s attempts to salvage the Risk Participation Agreement after
the expiry of the Risk Participation Period, including:

(i) requesting that the Respondent sign the Letter of Extension in order to
extend the Risk Participation Period; and

(ii) negotiating with the Respondent to restructure the deal.

(b) Evidence of the Appellant’s representatives under cross-examination
indicating their absence of belief in the existence of a binding oral contract
reached at the 23 June 2009 meeting.

(c) The urgency with which the Appellant treated the execution of the
Supplemental Agreement in view of the impending expiry of the Risk
Participation Period.

27 The Judge was of the view that the conduct of the parties was entirely
consistent with their own understanding that legal relations between them had
been deferred until the execution of the Supplemental Agreement. As a result,
the Judge found that no binding oral contract had been concluded at the 23
June 2009 meeting (see the Judgment at [87]).

28 In so far as the Appellant’s alternative claim based on the doctrine of
estoppel by convention was concerned, the Judge was of the view that, on the
evidence, there had been no “unambiguous and unequivocal” assumption by the
Appellant _vis-à-vis_ the conclusion of a binding oral agreement (see the
Judgment at [94]), with the result that the Appellant’s argument failed _in
limine_ and there was no need to consider whether estoppel by convention could
be used to found a cause of action (see the Judgment at [96]).

The issues on appeal

The Appellant’s arguments

29 The Appellant raises two issues on appeal. First, the Appellant argues that
a binding contract was formed at the 23 June 2009 meeting (“the contractual
issue”). Secondly, the Appellant argues, in the alternative, that it is
entitled to relief under the doctrine of promissory estoppel (“the promissory
estoppel issue”).

30 For reasons which we will elaborate on below, the present appeal may be
decided on the basis of the Appellant’s arguments with regard to the
contractual issue. We therefore do not propose to consider the promissory
estoppel issue in this judgment and will focus only on the contractual issue.

31 In so far as the contractual issue is concerned, the Appellant essentially
argues that the Judge was wrong in his assessment of the evidence. In the
Appellant’s view, the evidence demonstrates that the parties intended to be
bound by the terms of the agreement reached at the 23 June 2009 meeting. The
Appellant first points out that there was evidence of a concluded agreement
between the parties, emphasising the parties’ eagerness to _conclude_ an
agreement at the 23 June 2009 meeting. The Appellant then argues that an
objective assessment of the parties’ conduct after the 23 June 2009 meeting
demonstrates that the parties acted consistently with the existence of a
binding agreement arrived at the 23 June 2009 meeting, referring to the fact
that the Appellant did not sell its Frontken shares as well as to certain
contemporaneous correspondence between the Appellant’s representatives, the
Respondent and Nicholas.

32 The Appellant argues that the Judge was wrong to accept the four points
raised by the Respondent (see above at [25]) as none of these points
demonstrates that no binding contract arose at the 23 June 2009 meeting.
Reviewing each of the four points in detail, the Appellant argues that each of
these points was inconsistent with the evidence, properly assessed.

33 Not surprisingly, the Appellant also disagrees with the Judge’s
construction of the crucial term in the Term Sheet.

The Respondent’s arguments

34 In response, the Respondent supports the Judge’s analysis of the evidence
and conclusion that a legally binding contract was not formed at the 23 June
2009 meeting, and that the parties intended a legally binding contract to be
concluded only upon the execution of the formal documentation.

35 The Respondent also argues that, objectively construed, the evidence
demonstrates that the parties intended the terms of the Term Sheet to take
effect only upon execution of the Supplemental Agreement. The Respondent
submits that the Judge was fully entitled to make the findings he did in this
respect, and that the Appellant’s arguments to the contrary (see above at
[31]) are untenable. The Respondent argues that the Judge’s approach is
consistent with that in _Norwest_ , and that the Judge correctly interpreted
the crucial term in the Term Sheet as a “subject to contract” clause.

36 We shall now examine these arguments and the evidence adduced before the
Judge.

The contractual issue

37 The decision of this court in relation to this particular issue turns on
the answer to one straightforward question: Do the _objective_ facts
demonstrate that the parties had entered into a binding oral contract at the
23 June 2009 meeting, _or_ do they support, instead, the opposite conclusion,
in which case a binding agreement would only come into being when the
Supplemental Agreement referred to in the crucial term was signed?

The applicable legal principles

38 The applicable legal principles are relatively straightforward and were
canvassed by this court most recently in _Norwest_. They were also set out in
some detail by the Judge in the court below (see the Judgment at [21]–[45]).
We agree with the Judge’s exposition of the applicable legal principles
although, as we will explain below, we respectfully disagree with the
conclusion he reached based on his assessment of the evidence.

39 A useful summary of the applicable legal principles may also be found in a
recent book, as follows (see Andrew Phang Boon Leong & Goh Yihan, “Offer and
Acceptance” in ch 3 of _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2012) at paras 03-171 and 03-173):

… the particular facts as well as the language utilised are crucial. If, in
other words, the actual facts and/or language merit it, the court will hold
that a valid and binding contract has been concluded. As the Court of Appeal
put it in [_Norwest_], _“_** _whether there is a binding contract between the
parties should be determined by_**** _considering all the circumstances, not
just the inclusion of the stock phrase ‘subject to contract’_** (on the basis
that the _substance_ of the situation must always prevail)” …

...

However, in some cases, **_even if some terms remain to be negotiated, it is
possible for parties to have agreed to a contract despite the presence of a
“subject to contract” clause._** As the Court of Appeal said in _The Rainbow
Spring_ :

It is established law that negotiating parties may conclude a contract that
binds each of them even though there are some terms that are yet to be agreed.
The important question is whether the parties by their words and conduct have
made it clear, objectively, that they intend to be bound despite the unsettled
terms.

[emphasis in italics in original, emphasis added in bold italics and bold
underlined italics, footnotes omitted]

Our decision

40 As mentioned at [38] above, we respectfully differ from the decision of the
Judge as, in our view, the objective (and relevant) facts point _towards_ the
existence of a binding oral contract entered into between the parties at the
23 June 2009 meeting. We will deal with them _seriatim_. However, before
proceeding to do so, we note that, in fairness to the Respondent, we will also
consider and discuss the salient facts which may militate _against_ the
existence of this contract, after discussing the salient facts which confirm
the existence of the contract.

41 Much emphasis was placed (especially by the Respondent) on the _oral
testimony_ given by various witnesses in the court below. Unfortunately, very
little of the testimony relied upon by the Respondent was in fact helpful,
being neutral at best and either irrelevant or ambiguous at worst. It bears
mention that the first port of call for any court in determining the existence
of an alleged contract and/or its terms would be the relevant _documentary_
evidence. Where (as in the present case) the issue is whether or not a binding
contract _exists_ between the parties, a contemporaneous written record of the
evidence is obviously more reliable than a witness’s oral testimony given well
after the fact, recollecting what has transpired. Such evidence may be
coloured by the onset of subsequent events and the very factual dispute
between the parties. In this regard, _subjective_ statements of witnesses
_alone_ are, in the nature of things, often unhelpful. Further, where the
witnesses themselves are not legally trained, counsel ought not – as the
Respondent’s counsel sought to do in oral submissions before this court – to
forensically parse the words they use as if they were words in a statute. This
is not to state that oral testimony should, _ipso facto_ , be discounted. On
the contrary, _credible_ oral testimony can be helpful to the court,
especially where (as we shall see below in relation to supporting the
Appellant’s case) such testimony is given for the purpose of _clarifying the
existing documentary evidence_. There is, however, no magic formula in
determining the appropriate weight that should be given to witness testimony.
Much would depend on the precise factual matrix before the court. However, it
bears reiterating that the court would always look first to the most reliable
and objective evidence as to whether or not a binding contract was entered
into between the parties and such evidence would tend to be _documentary_ in
nature.

42 The Judge found the crucial term to be in the nature of an ordinary
“subject to contract” clause. Given its critical importance in the context of
the present appeal, the crucial term is reproduced once again, as follows:

**_Documentation_** : A **_Supplemental Agreement_** _to be executed_** _to
effect necessary changes_**. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

We respectfully disagree with the Judge in this regard. The critical
requirement in the crucial term is not that a Supplemental Agreement shall be
executed, but “to effect the necessary changes”. This form of words implies
that there is already an existing _underlying_ agreement on the Appellant’s
Frontken shares, and that the Supplemental Agreement is merely to _give effect
to the changes_. The questions which we therefore need to consider are what
these changes were, and whether the failure of the parties to execute a
Supplemental Agreement to give effect to these changes somehow also had the
effect of invalidating the underlying agreement. Let us now examine the
evidence.

43 As already mentioned at [7] above, both parties were urgently seeking a
mutually beneficial solution to their respective problems in relation to the
disposal of the Frontken shares of which market value had dropped sharply in
2008.

44 Pertinently, _prior_ _to_ the 23 June 2009 meeting, Mr Chua had written
(_via_ an email dated 16 June 2009) to Nicholas, as follows:[note: 6]

I would like to send out the terms latest by tomorrow and would appreciate
feedback by Friday, prior to the meeting _so that we can_** _sign off_** _and_
[_sic_] **_an in-principle agreement_** by Monday when we meet. [The parties
in fact met on Tuesday, 23 June 2009, _viz_ , the 23 June 2009 meeting.]

I apologise for **_the urgency_** in trying _to_** _complete_** _this_**
_quickly_** , but I feel that we have been in discussions for quite some time
already _and time for us to exit within the window is getting smaller if we
are not able to come to_** _some_**** _agreement_** _by Monday_. [Again, the
parties in fact met on Tuesday, 23 June 2009, _viz_ , the 23 June 2009
meeting.]

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

45 The Judge was of the view that the reference to an “in-principle agreement”
in the email above detracted from a finding that the parties intended to enter
into a binding oral agreement at the 23 June 2009 meeting (see the Judgment at
[51]). With respect, such a view places too much of a legal gloss on what was
essentially an email written by a layperson (see, in this regard, our caveat
above at [41]). Instead, emphasis should have been placed on the words “some
agreement”. The purpose of the 23 June 2009 meeting was plainly to reach an
agreement on the outstanding issues which had been the subject of “discussions
for quite some time”. It is also plain from this email that, because of the
urgency of the matter, the Appellant was keen for a quick and (more
importantly) _final_ resolution. Such finality could only have been achieved
by a _binding_ agreement between the parties. This conclusion is buttressed by
the words “sign off” as well as “complete” utilised by Mr Chua in the email
reproduced in the preceding paragraph.

46 More importantly, Mr Chua subsequently wrote to both the Respondent and
Nicholas (_via_ an email dated 17 June 2009), as follows:[note: 7]

As per my email yesterday, I have attached a summary of terms and conditions
that I hope that we would be able to **_finalise_**** _on Tuesday_** [_ie_ ,
23 June 2009] _and start the_** _documentation_** _immediately after that_.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

It was clear that, in so far as _the Appellant_ was concerned, the
Supplemental Agreement referred to in _the crucial term_ in the Term Sheet
(which, in fact, emanated _from the Appellant itself_) was merely “
_documentation_ ” that would _formally embody_ the binding agreement that the
parties would “ _finalise_ ” _at the 23 June 2009 meeting itself_. What, then,
about the _Respondent’s_ perspective?

47 More importantly, it was clear, from _the Respondent himself_ , that he was
_wholly in agreement with the terms set out in the Term Sheet_ , which were
discussed at the 23 June 2009 meeting itself. This was one occasion when the
oral testimony was both clear as well as helpful. In particular, the following
answers by the Respondent during cross-examination are particularly
apposite:[note: 8]

Court: |  I’m right, _Mr Wong, you---you---you are basically saying that as far as you are concerned, you have no issue with the---the---the terms set out in the term sheet, correct?_  
---|---  
Witness:  |  **_Your Honour, yes. In fact, I have no issue with the term sheet, with that term sheet or earlier term sheet._** To me, I want to see a paper come to me so I can give---go to my lawyer,  
Court: |  Yes.  
Q |  And, Mr Wong, you had---not only had you no issue with term sheet, that was the impression that you gave to [the Appellant], right?  
A |  **_No, I---I have no issue because give me a term sheet because I don't have to make a decision on the---_**  
Q |  _Mr---Mr Wong, you had no issue with the term sheet. That's clear, right?_  
A |  **_I have no issue to have the term sheet go and make a draft agreement, Mr Tong._**  
Q |  _That’s not what the Judge's question was earlier._  
Court: |  _Did you have any issue with---_  
Witness:  |  Oh, yes, sorry.  
Court: |  _\---any of the terms set out in the term sheet that you wouldn’t agree?_  
Witness:  |  **_Mm, no_**.  
Court: |  Yes.  
Witness:  |  Thank you.  
Court: |  **_Because if you didn’t agree, you would have voiced it somewhere along the line at least by the 23rd of June, correct?_**  
Witness:  |  **_Yes, your Honour._**  
Court: |  **_Yes._** **_Right, we'll proceed on that basis._**  
Witness:  |  **_Thank you, your Honour, we'll proceed._**  
Court: |  **_And just---just to close up on that point. In the correspondence with the bank, with_** [**_the Appellant], did you at any stage intimate to the---to [the Appellant], “Please have this draft agreement ready so that I could check with my own lawyers”? Did you ever say that?_**  
Witness:  |  **_I did not but I have that experience when---I did not._**  
Court: |  No, no, I just---  
Witness: |  **_I did not._**  
Court: |  **_Yes. Yes, you did not. Okay._**  
Tong: |  Yes.  
Q |  Now---  
Witness:  |  Your Honour, excuse me.  
Court: |  Yes.  
Witness:  |  Erm, I just want to emphasise because even we deal with the bank, we do go through that lawyer to lawyer, **_er, paperwork, er, process._**  
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]  
  
  

We should add that the references to “paperwork” and “process” do not aid the
Respondent inasmuch as they could and, in our view, do refer to the execution
of a formal document embodying the terms of an oral agreement _previously
concluded_ at the 23 June 2009 meeting.

48 It is noteworthy that the Respondent only set out his legal position in an
email sent to Mr Chua dated 11 August 2009 (well after the 23 June 2009
meeting and several reminders from the Appellant) stating, as follows:[note:
9]

If you recall during our meeting in your office there will _still some
unresolved issues_ on the proposed variation to the [Risk Participation
Agreement]. These were supposed to be dealt with in the supplemental agreement
which I noticed have just been sent to me. [emphasis added]

We shall have occasion to return to this email (see below at [52]). For
present purposes, however, it will suffice to observe that these alleged
“unresolved issues” appear to be, in our view, _a mere afterthought_. Save for
the assertion in the Respondent’s email dated 11 August 2009, there was _no
evidence on record_ to demonstrate that the parties had any “unresolved
issues” _during (and even following) the 23 June 2009 meeting itself_.

49 Indeed, the fact that the parties had arrived at a binding oral contract at
the 23 June 2009 meeting also appeared to be confirmed by Nicholas himself
during cross-examination, as follows:[note: 10]

Q |  Yes. And so therefore it must have been p _retty straightforwa_ rd for a law _yer to come and_ (indistinct) it up **_and put it to a formal supplemental agreement because the parties had already come to an agreement. Right?_**  
---|---  
A |  **_It should be._**  
Q |  **_So there---you didn't expect any additional negotiation to be done. Right?_**  
A |  _No, no, I---that's not true. I do expect when---when the supplemental_ _agreement is out, [the Respondent’s] lawyer should be able to negotiate on the agreement because I---I---I---during my days when I was practising, there was no way I_ _would receive a draft and not negotiate on it_.  
Q |  Okay.  
Court: |  _But you will not negotiate on matters which already were agreed in the agreed terms, right, in the indicative terms; would you?_  
Witness:  |  _No but if I was involved from day 1, yah, but if my client changed his mind along the way---_  
Court: |  Right.  
Witness:  |  \---of course I would have conveyed that message before the draft came out, you know, but in this particular instance my state of mind, when I came out from that meeting with OCBC was that he would then go get somebody to---to look at it carefully, I wasn't doing that for him.  
Court: |  _Well, it seems that you---you---you certainly were looking at it in a sufficient detail but---but never mind, Mr Ng, if the supplemental agreement, the key provisions reflect the agreed indicative term sheets, would you or [the Respondent] take issue with it?_  
Witness:  |  _I mean I wouldn’t._  
Court: |  Yes, okay.  
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]  
  
  

50 In fairness to Nicholas, he did attempt – as is evident from his subsequent
response set out immediately above – to distance himself from his initial
response. In our view, however, this subsequent response was far from
convincing, especially taking into account the fact that Nicholas was not only
legally trained but had also (in his own words) been in practice before (see
above at [3]). Be that as it may, there is, in any event, further
_documentary_ evidence _after_ the 23 June 2009 meeting which also points
towards the fact that a binding oral contract had been concluded at that
meeting.

51 In an email dated 24 June 2009 (one day _after_ the 23 June 2009 meeting),
Mr Chua wrote to, _inter alia_ , the Respondent and Nicholas in the following
terms:[note: 11]

Thank you for the meeting yesterday, its [_sic_] was great that we were
_able_** _to quickly agree on the outstanding matters_**. Look forward to
**_signing_** of this [S]upplemental [Agreement] with the _same urgency_.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

52 It is clear, in our view, from the above email that the parties had in fact
arrived at a binding oral contract during the 23 June 2009 meeting – which
also took into account all “outstanding matters”, thus _contradicting_ the
Respondent’s (very much later) claim in his email dated 11 August 2009 (see
above at [48]) to the effect that there were “still some unresolved issues”
and rendering, as we have observed above at [48], it a mere afterthought.

53 Crucially, Mr Chua’s email dated 24 June 2009 (see above at [51]) was
_replied to by the Respondent_ _himself_ on the same day, wherein the
Respondent stated, _inter alia_ , as follows:[note: 12]

Glad to meet you up and thnks [_sic_] for your time and enthusiasm. _My end
will follow up precisely as discussed._ [emphasis added]

This was, in our view, a clear indication that the Respondent was _also_ of
the view that he had indeed entered into a binding oral contract with the
Appellant during the 23 June 2009 meeting and that, pursuant to that contract,
he would now “follow up precisely as discussed” – in particular, to execute
the Supplemental Agreement which was merely to document the oral contract
_already entered into_ by the parties. There was nothing left to discuss after
that meeting. In this regard, we note that although the Respondent sought to
proffer an alternative explanation for the phrase “precisely as discussed”
during cross-examination, it was not, in our view, persuasive in the least.
The relevant testimony is as follows:[note: 13]

QSo look at this. This is 24th of June, sent at 4.47pm. You say here:

[Reads] “Hi CK,

Glad to meet you up and thks for your time and enthusiasm.

My end will follow up precisely as discussed.”

_“Precisely as discussed”_ \---

AYes.

Q _\--- means you will continue---you know what the terms are in the agreement
and you will continue to sign up---_

A _No_.

Q _\---to the supplemental agreement?_

A _No._

QRight?

ANo.

Q _Then explain what this means._

A _“Precisely”, use these terms, whether right or wrong worded, we would---how
finally would be go and make a draft._

Q _These are the terms that had been talked about at the discussion. [The
Appellant] told you they wanted to finalise it. You were invited to the
meeting to finalise it._ **_You didn’t give any comments, you didn’t make any
objection, and then you proceeded, in your own words, to leave the meeting and
talk about getting lawyers to draft it. So in that context, the word “follow
up precisely as discussed” means---_**

A _Waiting._

Q\---“We will”---you will then proceed to sign up to the supplemental---

ANo.

Q\---which---which would correspond with the term sheet. Correct?

ANo.

QAnd by this time, you knew that you were safe in the knowledge that [the
Appellant] will not sell the shares?

AI don’t know.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

54 There was _also_ an email response that same day (_ie_ , 24 June 2009)
_from Nicholas_ to, _inter alia_ , Mr Chua, Mr Goh and Vincent, as
follows:[note: 14]

Maybe to expedite matters could you please obtain a fee estimate from Zaid
Ibrahim for them to _prepare the supplemental agreement_ _bearing in mind the
very concise and good summary of the_** _agreed_** _terms that CK_ [_ie_ , Mr
Chua] _had prepared_. [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

We should add that, although the Judge was correct in pointing to the fact
that this particular email was sent in relation to the negotiation of the
lawyers’ fees for drafting the Supplemental Agreement (see the Judgment at
[51]), it was, in our view, nevertheless _simultaneously_ evidence of _a
concluded and binding oral contract that the parties had already entered into
at the 23 June 2009 meeting_. Once again, even from the _Respondent’s
perspective_ , the irresistible inference is that there had indeed been a
binding oral contract entered into between the parties at the 23 June 2009
meeting.

55 However, as noted at [48] above, in the email to Mr Chua and Mr Goh dated
_11 August 2009_ , the Respondent subsequently sought to assert that “there
were _still some unresolved issues_ on the proposed variation to the [Risk
Participation Agreement]” [emphasis added]. _However_ , as we have also noted
at [52] above, this appears – having regard to the objective evidence and
context – to have been a _legal ploy_ on the part of the Respondent. Indeed,
this particular email was sent _a day after_ _the expiry of_ _the Risk
Participation Period_ , with the Respondent claiming that he had “been away
since last week to take advantage of the long weekend in Singapore”. The
Respondent then concluded this email by stating that he would “forward to
[his] lawyers the various documents [the Appellant] sent [him] for their
review and comments” and that he would “come back to [the Appellant] as soon
as [he heard] back from them”. The _reality_ of the situation, however, was
that _the Respondent himself had admitted, during cross-examination, that he
knew that the draft Supplemental Agreement sent by the Appellant had arrived
on 6 August 2009 itself, although he also claimed that he had “no time to
handle” it_. The relevant part of this testimony is as follows:[note: 15]

QYes. And you knew. _You knew that the document_ [_viz_ , the draft
Supplemental Agreement] _arrived on the 6_ th [August 2009]_, right?_

A _I knew that I’ve no time to handle._

QAnd _you did not say to [the Appellant]__that you’ll be away or you did not_
_send it off to Nicholas to look at at all, right?_

A _I did not. I just feel that it’s no point, so I did not._

QAnd in that period---it is not that there’s no point. _If you were genuine
and_ bona fide _in your own evidence that this supplemental [agreement] that
the lawyers prepared should accurately reflect the term sheet, then I suggest
to you that you would have every interest to check that that indeed is the
case_.

A _It is too---that was not my part_ , ah.

[emphasis added]

56 Indeed, even after the Appellant’s representatives continued to correspond
with the Respondent after the latter had sent the email dated 11 August 2009
(see above at [48]), the Respondent merely strung the Appellant along. This is
evident, for example, from the email exchange between the parties dated 21
August 2009. Indeed, as late as _21 August 2009_ , the Respondent wrote to,
_inter alia_ , Mr Chua, Mr Goh and Vincent as follows (_via_ an email of the
same date):[note: 16]

Apologize...I have been engaged in day long meeting ....

I was having difficulty getting hold of the lawyer, but I did get his comment
over the phone. The lawyer [_sic_] reply was that it is inadvisable to sign
the letter that you requested.

Consequently, I will now seek a second opinion from another legal firm.

Shall try to revert soonest possible next week.

Thanks for your patience.

57 Significantly, the Appellant’s response to the Respondent’s email dated 21
August 2009 (see above at [56]) was consistent with its view (consistently
held throughout) that a binding oral contract had been entered into between
the parties at the 23 June 2009 meeting. This response (from Mr Chua to,
_inter alia_ , the Respondent) was sent the same day (_ie_ , 21 August 2009),
the material part of which reads as follows:[note: 17]

Honestly, I am very disappointed that you would not sign the letter, not to
mention the agreement after all the time we have spent _to come to_** _an
agreement_**** _cumulating_** [_sic_] **_in the term sheet_** _that_ _we
all_** _agreed to_** _in Singapore_** _on 23rd June 2009_**. Based on that
meeting and concurrence from you, we proceeded to appoint the lawyers to draft
the agreement and as requested by you and Nicholas we tried to reduce the
total cost by using our own internal legal. [emphasis added in italics and
bold italics]

58 The Respondent was in fact not entitled to change his mind following what
is – by his own admission – his complete assent to the terms in the Term Sheet
at the 23 June 2009 meeting. In the circumstances, it is clear that the
parties had entered into a binding oral contract at the 23 June 2009 meeting.
Indeed, this conclusion is clearly supported by the objective evidence as well
as the context which we have already set out above.

59 We agree with counsel for the Appellant, Mr Lee Eng Beng SC (“Mr Lee”),
that, as this was a situation that related to the _modification_ of an
_existing_ contract between the parties _and_ given the relevant context in
which the parties (already armed with a full understanding of the terms in the
original contract (_ie_ , the Risk Participation Agreement) and fully apprised
of the various difficulties which a further agreement was intended to resolve
to the mutual benefit of both parties) found themselves, it would not at all
be surprising if the parties had entered into a binding _oral_ contract at the
23 June 2009 meeting – leaving any inconsequential wrinkles to be ironed out
in the (written) Supplemental Agreement. The Supplemental Agreement would
therefore constitute both a mere formality and a document that confirmed a
_binding_ _oral_ contract _already_ entered into. Such a situation ought, in
our view, to be distinguished from those in, for example, the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Cheverny Consulting Ltd v Whitehead Mann Ltd_ [2007] 1 All
ER (Comm) 124 (“ _Cheverny Consulting_ ”) and the New Zealand Court of Appeal
decision of _Concorde Enterprises Ltd v Anthony Motors (Hutt) Ltd_ [1981] 2
NZLR 385 (both decisions of which were, in fact, followed by the Judge in the
court below but which concerned commercial transactions of some complexity
between parties who were not only dealing with each other for the first time
but who were also represented by their own lawyers).

60 We now address another salient fact relied on by the Respondent to suggest
that no binding contract had been entered into between the parties at the 23
June 2009 meeting. This was the fact that the Appellant was still required to
obtain approval from the OIC. Counsel for the Respondent, Mr Chew Kei-Jin (“Mr
Chew”) argued that this was why no binding oral contract could have been
contemplated by the parties at the 23 June 2009 meeting and that, instead, the
parties had contemplated a binding agreement by way of the Supplemental
Agreement (presumably after approval had been obtained by the Appellant from
the OIC). Indeed, this point found favour with the Judge (see the Judgment at
[57]–[62]).

61 In our view, this was, in the final analysis, the Respondent’s strongest
point. _However_ , we find Mr Lee’s argument (to the effect that approval by
the OIC was only an _internal_ matter which was _solely_ within the scope of
responsibility of the Appellant) to be more persuasive. The Respondent’s
argument is that the requirement of the OIC approval indicated that the
Appellant’s representatives at the meeting did not have the authority to enter
into a binding oral agreement. In our view, the answer to this argument is
that (a) the evidence shows that the Appellant’s representatives went to the
23 June 2009 meeting to finalise the terms of the agreement which the parties
had already discussed earlier; (b) the OIC approval was not known to the
Respondent, and therefore, assuming that the Appellant’s representatives had
entered into a binding agreement with the Respondent, the Respondent would
surely be entitled to hold the Appellant to the agreement; and (c) if the
Appellant had subsequently sold the Respondent’s shares in the market, the
Respondent would surely argue that he would not be liable to perform any of
his obligations under the oral contract (_eg_ , his obligation to purchase the
five tranches of shares from the Appellant), since the Appellant had itself
breached the oral agreement not to sell the shares within the restricted
period which was a term contained in the Term Sheet (see above at [9]).

62 Another argument the Respondent advanced is that according to the Term
Sheet, the Respondent was supposed to have purchased Frontken shares from the
Appellant in five separate tranches, the first of which was to take place on
31 July 2009 (which was some five weeks after the 23 June 2009 meeting).
However, in the Sale and Purchase Agreement prepared by the Appellant’s legal
department (which was sent to the Respondent on 6 August 2009 together with
the Supplemental Agreement), the date for the sale of the first tranche of
Frontken shares was changed from 31 July 2009 to 15 August 2009 (which
happened to be five days after the expiry of the Risk Participation Period).
Not surprisingly, Mr Chew argued that this demonstrated that no binding oral
agreement had been entered into between the parties at the 23 June 2009
meeting. This particular argument was endorsed in the following observations
made by the Judge in the court below (see the Judgment at [65]-[67]):

65 Further, another key provision of the Term Sheet was that [the Appellant]
would sell to [the Respondent] 3,703,704 Frontken shares in five tranches. The
first tranche was stipulated to be sold on 31 July 2009, some five weeks after
the 23 June 2009 meeting. However, there was no attempt by [the Appellant] to
sell the first tranche to [the Respondent] when the date arrived. There was no
correspondence whatsoever from [the Appellant] in relation to the sale of the
first tranche as would be expected if [the Appellant] had regarded the oral
contract to be immediately binding following the 23 June 2009 meeting.
Instead, in the Sale and Purchase Agreement prepared by [the Appellant’s]
legal department which was sent to [the Respondent] on 6 August 2009 together
with the Supplemental Agreement, the date for the sale of the first tranche
was _unilaterally_ changed by [the Appellant] from 31 July 2009 to 15 August
2009, which was five days after the expiry of the Risk Participation Period.

66 If there was indeed an oral binding contract concluded on 23 June 2009,
[the Appellant] would have taken steps to sell the first tranche on 31 July
2009. As the Term Sheet stipulated an _effective_ sale price of RM 0.54 per
share (as [the Respondent] is required to compensate for the difference
between Market Price and RM 0.54), which was [the Appellant’s] average cost
per share and was significantly higher than the market price as well as the
floor price per share at that time, [the Appellant] would have reduced its
risk exposure significantly by proceeding with the sale. Further, it is trite
that the terms of a concluded contract can only be varied by mutual agreement
(_Chitty_ , para 22-032); however, the consent of [the Respondent] to the
change in the date for the sale of the first tranche was never procured. While
at common law a contract may validly confer on one contracting party the power
to unilaterally vary the contract (_Chitty_ , para 22-039), there was no such
provision in the agreement here. It is irrelevant that the amendment caused no
prejudice to [the Respondent] or that it was in fact “beneficial” in deferring
the purchase date. Instead, [the Appellant’s] failure to sell the first
tranche and its subsequent amendment of the date of sale for the first tranche
evidenced two things: (a) the terms agreed on 23 June 2009 were not regarded
as immediately binding as they could still be amended, and (b) [the Appellant]
viewed the agreement as binding only after its final execution, and having
failed to have the contract executed before 31 July 2009, it stipulated a new
transaction date of 15 August 2009 for the first tranche. The other difficulty
with the unilateral amendment in respect of the sale of the first tranche is
that it necessarily implies that [the Respondent] would be in breach of
contract if he fails to purchase the first tranche on 15 August 2009. How
could [the Respondent] be in breach of a term which he never agreed to?

67 When questioned on [the Appellant’s] omission to sell the first tranche on
31 July 2009, Mr Goh offered the following explanation:

Q: Can you explain to us why there was no such sale of the shares to [the
Respondent] on 31st of July 2009?

A: We wanted to---first on our mind is to get the documentation signed. So---
er, er, and then we thought he would execute it after the signing of the
documentation and---and we don’t see any detriment ah to him lah by not
buying, er, slightly earlier---I mean or slightly later.

The first part of Mr Goh’s explanation is unhelpful to [the Appellant’s] case
– the priority placed on the execution of the contract over an immediate
opportunity to reduce [the Appellant’s] risk exposure goes to show that [the
Appellant] had treated the agreement as having legal effect only upon formal
execution. The second part of Mr Goh’s explanation is unconvincing – it is
difficult to believe that [the Appellant] was willing to postpone the sale
because there was no detriment to [the Respondent]. This is _non sequitur_ to
[the Appellant’s] omission to sell the first tranche shares.

[emphasis in original]

63 We are unable to accept the Judge’s finding that the amendment of the date
for the sale of the first tranche of the Frontken shares showed that the
Appellant acted on the basis that no binding agreement was reached at the 23
June 2009 meeting. The change in date was explicable on the basis that it
constituted a waiver by the Appellant of the time frame for the sale of the
first tranche of Frontken shares to the advantage of the Respondent (he did
not have to pay the purchase consideration earlier). The amendment was nothing
more than a proposal by the Appellant to revise the date for the sale of the
first tranche of the Frontken shares to take place in order to accommodate the
delay in the signing of the Supplemental Agreement. If the Respondent signed
the Supplemental Agreement with this modification it simply meant that he
agreed to it. If he did not, the Appellant’s right to sell the first tranche
of the Frontken shares would not have been impaired or forfeited but merely
delayed. Time was not of the essence with respect to the sale of the first
tranche of the Frontken shares.

64 Finally, we note the following observations in _Cheverny Consulting_ (at
[45]), which were in fact cited by the Judge (see the Judgment at [26]):

Obviously each case depends on its own facts but in my view _where, as here,
solicitors are involved_** _on both sides_** _, formal written agreements are
to be produced and arrangements made for their execution_ _the normal
inference will be that the parties are not bound unless and until both of them
sign the agreement_ _…_ [emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In our view, as the Judge acknowledged, each case depends on its own facts,
and therefore, no inference should be drawn only because both sides are
represented by lawyers. In the present case however, the Judge’s approach was
contradicted by the fact that the parties were represented by _one common set
of solicitors, viz_ , Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia) (see above at [14]) for the
purpose of drawing up the Supplemental Agreement. This is by no means a
conclusive factor, not least because, as already emphasised above, the entire
process of inquiry depends very much on the precise factual matrix before the
court. It is nevertheless yet another factor which, in our view, buttresses
our finding that the parties had entered into a binding oral contract at the
23 June 2009 meeting.

The promissory estoppel issue

65 In the light of our findings with regard to the contractual issue, it is
unnecessary to decide on the parties’ (in particular, the Appellant’s)
arguments in relation to the doctrine of promissory estoppel. Indeed, a number
of potentially thorny legal issues were raised in relation to the operation of
this doctrine in the Singapore context – all of which will need to be
addressed by this court when they arise directly for decision in a future
case. Indeed, a threshold issue had also been raised by the Respondent to the
effect that, having only pleaded and relied upon the doctrine of estoppel by
_convention_ in the court below, the Appellants could not now radically change
tack and rely on the doctrine of _promissory_ estoppel instead. Again, in the
light of our decision on the contractual issue, there is no need for us to
deal with this threshold issue as well.

Conclusion

For the reasons set out above, we allow the appeal. The Appellant is entitled
to costs here and below. The usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle, vol 2 (“2ACB”), pp 33–34.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , p 34.

[note: 3]_Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle_ (“RSCB”), p 19.

[note: 4]2ACB, p 40.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , p 41.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ , p 31.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , p 28.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ , pp 36–37.

[note: 9]_Ibid_ , p 76.

[note: 10]_Ibid_ , p 38.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , p 40.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 41.

[note: 13]RSCB, p 61.

[note: 14]2ACB, p 42.

[note: 15]_Ibid_ , p 75.

[note: 16]_Ibid_ , p 79.

[note: 17]_Ibid_ , p 83.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

