Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jaidin bin Jaiman _v_ Loganathan a/l Karpaya and another  
[2012] SGHC 199

Case Number| :| Suit 370 of 2011/Q  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Michael Han Hean Juan (Hoh Law Corporation) for the
Plaintiff; Roger Yek (Lawrence Chua & Partners) for the first Defendant;
Anthony Wee (United Legal Alliance LLC) for the second Defendant.  
Parties| :|  Jaidin bin Jaiman — Loganathan a/l Karpaya and another  
  
1 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

1 The Plaintiff’s claim against the first and second Defendants arises out of
a road accident on 14 December 2009. At the material time, the Plaintiff was a
pillion rider on the motorcycle bearing license plate number JJR 1500 ridden
by the first Defendant the motorcyclist. The motorcyclist was travelling
straight along International Road and averred that the traffic lights turned
green in his favour as he approached the junction with Jalan Boon Lay. The
driver of the car bearing license plate number SFA 3400 H, had travelled along
International Road from the opposite direction and was making a right turn at
the junction leading to Jalan Boon Lay. He averred that the right turn arrow
was showing green for him at the time. The two vehicles collided in the
junction and the driver of the car was charged by the Traffic Police for
inconsiderate driving, for which he paid a composition fine.

2 The motorcyclist was injured in the same accident, and filed a claim against
the car driver in DC Suit No 3018 of 2010. The claim had proceeded for Court
Dispute Resolution in the Primary Dispute Resolution Centre at the Subordinate
Courts. The Settlement Judge indicated preliminary liability apportionment to
be 80% as against the driver. However, the motorcyclist subsequently
compromised his claim and consented to Interlocutory Judgment being recorded
for 60% as against the driver, the damages to be assessed.

3 In the present suit, the pillion rider claims damages from both the
motorcyclist and the driver for injuries sustained from the same accident. The
action is bifurcated and brought in the High Court as the final judgment is to
be enforced out of Singapore. The only issue before me is whether the consent
judgment which recorded the apportionment of liability as between the driver
defendant and the motorcyclist defendant is _res judicata_ in this action by
the pillion rider against the driver and the motorcyclist for the same
accident. The driver’s case is that the consent Interlocutory Judgment in DC
Suit No 3018 meant that the issue of liability for the pillion rider’s claim
in the present action is _res judicata_. The motorcyclist’s case is that _res
judicata_ does not apply and that the court should determine apportionment
afresh. In such a fresh apportionment of liability, the motorcyclist submits
that a 20%-80% apportionment would be more appropriate in the light of the
preliminary indicative apportionment of the Settlement Judge in Court Dispute
Resolution.

4 The relevant principle of _res judicata_ here is issue estoppel, a principle
which prevents the re-litigation of issues that have already been litigated
and decided on the merits. In _Lee Tat Development Pte Ltd v MCST Plan No.
301_ [2005] SGCA 22 (“ _Lee Tat_ ”) at [14]-[15], the Court of Appeal held
that the following requirements are necessary to establish issue estoppel:

(a) There must be a final and conclusive judgment on the merits;

(b) The judgment must be by a court of competent jurisdiction;

(c) There must be identity between the parties to the two actions that are
being compared; and

(d) There must be an identity of the subject matter in the two proceedings.

Upon consideration of the abovementioned requirements, it is my decision that
_res judicata_ applies in the present case and that judgment should be entered
to reflect the consent Interlocutory judgment entered in DC Suit No 3018. My
reasons are as follows.

5 The motorcyclist argues that the first requirement in _Lee Tat_ of a final
and conclusive judgment on the merits has not been met in the present case.
This argument is misconceived. The question here is whether _res judicata_
only applies to judgments on the merits or extends to consent judgments. This
particular question was not before the Court of Appeal in _Lee Tat_ on the
facts. The fact that an order is entered by consent would not prevent it
forming the basis of an issue estoppel as long as the order was final (see
_Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley (Butterworths, 3_ rd _Ed, 1996)_ at [38]).
Finality for the purposes of _res judicata_ refers to a declaration or
determination of a party’s liability and/or his rights or obligations leaving
nothing else to be judicially determined (see also _Goh Nellie Goh Lian_ _Teck
and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at [28]). In the present case, it is clear
that the consent Interlocutory Judgment is final as there remains nothing more
to be decided in relation to the principal parties’ liabilities arising from
the accident.

6 It is not disputed that the consent judgment was entered by a court of
competent jurisdiction.

7 The motorcyclist submits that the third requirement in _Lee Tat_ , identity
between the parties involved in the previous litigation and in the present
proceedings, has not been met in the present case. To begin with, the
motorcyclist argues that the plaintiff in the present suit was not a party in
DC Suit No 3018 of 2010. In response, the driver argues that the pillion rider
could not have affected the outcome of either the present or prior suit, as he
could not have contributed to the accident in terms of liability. The driver
thus contends that the pillion rider is in substance nothing more than a
“nominal plaintiff”, citing as authority the decision of Choo Han Teck J in
_Tan Yeow Khoon and another v Tan Yeow Tat and others_ [2003] SGHC 36, where
the third defendant in that case was held to be a “nominal defendant”. In my
view, “identity of parties” must mean the identity of principal and effective
parties to the determination of the apportionment of liability as between the
driver and the motorcyclist. The pillion rider is not a principle or effective
party to the determination of this apportionment and thus is akin to being a
nominal plaintiff.

8 In further argument, the motorcyclist submits that his insurers are the
“real” defendants in the present suit, pointing out that while he was entitled
to compromise his own claim on such terms as he deemed fit in DC Suit No 3018
of 2010, it is his insurers who are ultimately liable to satisfy whatever
judgment the pillion rider may obtain against him in the present suit. To this
end, it is the motorcyclist’s insurers who have conduct of the defence in this
suit. It is well-established that where a party on the record is suing or
defending “on account of or for the benefit of another” and relying on that
person’s right or title, the court can look behind the record to identify the
“real” party: _Spencer Bower and Handley: Res Judicata_ (Butterworths, 4th Ed,
2009) (_“Res Judicata_ ”) at paragraph 9.14. However, courts have sometimes
refused to distinguish between a nominal party and his insurer who is acting
with subrogation rights (see _eg_ , _Wall v Radford_ [1992] R.T.R. 109, 117;
_Craddock’s Transport Ltd v Stuart_ [1970] NZLR 499 CA, 524). As pointed out
by the authors of _Res Judicata_ :

There will be many fewer successful pleas of issue estoppel in road accident
cases if a party suing or defending in the interest of an insurer is not the
same person for _res judicata_ when suing or defending in his own interest.

Where the earlier suit involves a party suing or defending in his own right,
he can reasonably be expected to attempt to maximise his claim, or minimise
his liability, whichever the case may be. The fact that the later suit is
initiated or defended in the interest of an insurer does not without more
prevent the earlier suit from being _res judicata_.

9 The final requirement for issue estoppel is the requirement of identity of
subject matter in the two proceedings. In other words, the question is whether
the motorcyclist’s and driver’s duty of care to each other (which was the
subject matter in DC Suit No 3018 of 2010) and their duty to the pillion rider
in the same accident (which is the subject matter of the present suit) are
identical, as opposed to separate and distinct, duties. It has been
established that the issues must be identical as a matter of law and not just
similar (see _New Brunswick Railway Co Ltd v British & French Trust Corp Ltd_
[1939] AC 1). The cases which have addressed this question (see eg, _Bell v
Holmes_ [1956] 1 WLR 1359, _Wall v Radford_ [1991] 2 All ER 741, _Wood v
Luscombe_ [1966] 1 QB 169, _North West Water Ltd v Binnie & Partners_ [1990] 3
All ER 547) have favoured a departure from so-called technical view adopted in
_Randolph v Tuck_ [1962] 1 QB 175, where the identity of duties is strictly
construed. The “technical” view in _Randolph v Tuck_ has been described by
McCarthy J in _Craddock’s Transport Ltd v Stuart_ [1970] NZLR 499 in the
following way: “if two duties cannot be formulated in precisely identical
terms, no issue estoppel can arise.” Conversely, recent cases such as _Wall v
Radford_ [1991] 2 All ER 741 advocate a more “robust” approach to determining
identity (see _Craddock’s Transport Ltd v Stuart_ [1970] NZLR 499.). Such
cases “favour seeking what they see as the substantial question involved — who
caused the collision?” (ibid.) In _Wall v Radford_ , the first action had
determined the liability of the two drivers to a passenger while the second
involved an action by one driver against the other. Popplewell J upheld the
estoppel:

Although a separate duty is owed to another driver from that owed to a
passenger that does not mean ... that the duty is in any way different. **The
facts giving rise to a breach of that duty are identical and liability for
that breach of duty is identical**.

[emphasis added]

The rationale behind this approach is encapsulated in the following
observation by Streatfield J in _Wood v Luscombe_ [1966] 1 QB 169:

The whole of the facts governing the respective liabilities of the defendant
and the third party have already been determined ... one wonders, therefore,
what issue there is left for this court now to decide, because it is a
principle in the law that there must be an end to litigation. It is true that
people cannot have two bites at a cherry, and, as it seems to me, that is
exactly what the third party is now seeking to do.

10 In the case before me, it is clear that the questions of fact involved in
the apportionment of liability between the driver and the motorcyclist for
injuries to the pillion rider in the same accident which are to be determined
in the present suit do not differ from the issues of fact in DC Suit No 3018
of 2010. Thus, the motorcyclist’s argument, that there is no identity of
subject matter in the two suits, must fail.

11 For the reasons stated above, I find that _res judicata_ applies in the
present suit and that Interlocutory Judgment should be entered in favour of
the Plaintiff pillion rider against the first and second Defendants on the
same apportionment of 60% liability on the part of the driver and 40%
liability on the part of the motorcyclist.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

