Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AZT and others _v_ AZV  
[2012] SGHC 116

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 153 of 2012 (Summons No 2037 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 24 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kristy Tan and Margaret Ling (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for
the plaintiffs; Wendy Lin (WongPartnership LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  AZT and others — AZV  
  
24 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 The parties to the present application were co-respondents in a Singapore
arbitration. The claimant in the arbitration, [C], belongs to a group of
private equity funds. The arbitration concerned a dispute surrounding a
shareholders’ agreement between AZV and [C], entered into in 1999, in respect
of their shareholding in a company in Korea, [D].

2 In October 2003, one of the companies in the AZT group (collectively “AZT”)
acquired a 51% stake in AZV. Subsequently, in November 2003, AZV and [C]
entered into a share purchase agreement whereby AZV bought out [C]’s stake in
[D].

3 In 2008, [C] commenced the Singapore arbitration claiming breach of both the
1999 shareholders’ agreement and the 2003 share purchase agreement, and
seeking to void the sale of its shares to AZV. While AZT (as majority
shareholder of AZV) was not party to the arbitration agreement between [C] and
AZV, it agreed to be joined as co-respondents.

4 The arbitral award found in favour of [C], with AZT and AZV being jointly
and severally liable for damages and costs. The award, however, did not
apportion liability as between AZT and AZV, as it was not part of the Terms of
Reference of the arbitration. On 20 February 2012, AZT, by an Accord Agreement
with [C], agreed to pay [C] $65m in full satisfaction of the arbitral award.
AZT now seeks contribution from AZV in the present Originating Summons (“OS”)
action.

Present application

5 AZT is seeking to seal the court documents in the present OS action, the
affidavit in support of which has not been filed in light of the present
application. It points out that the following matters canvassed in the
Singapore arbitration will have to be ventilated in the OS action:

(a) The arbitration award;

(b) The transcripts of the arbitration hearing;

(c) Written submissions tendered in the arbitration;

(d) The Terms of Reference; and

(e) The 1999 shareholders’ agreement and the 2003 share purchase agreement.

The Accord Agreement would also have to be disclosed.

6 Accordingly, AZT argues that the court documents should be sealed in order
to preserve the confidentiality of the arbitration proceedings.

Issue

7 This judgment addresses the following issue: whether AZT’s application for
the sealing of court documents, so as to preserve the confidentiality of the
arbitration proceedings the parties were involved in, should be granted?

The law

The need for open justice must be weighed against the need to preserve the
confidentiality of the arbitration

8 The principle that the courts must administer justice publicly is well
settled in the common law: _Scott v Scott_ [1913] 1 AC 417 (“ _Scott_ ”). In
Jeremy Bentham’s words (quoted by Lord Shaw of Dunfermline in _Scott_ at 477):
“Publicity is the very soul of justice. ... It keeps the judge himself while
trying under trial”.

9 This principle, however, is subject to exceptions. The exceptions reflect
the “yet more fundamental principle that the chief object of Courts of justice
must be to secure that justice is done” (see judgment of Viscount Haldane LC
in _Scott_ at 437–438). Consistently with this view that there is a more
fundamental principle that prevails over that of open justice, _ie_ , that the
chief object of courts of justice is to ensure that justice is done, the
principle of publicity must yield in the appropriate cases where to sit in
public would destroy the subject matter of the dispute (see _Re JN Taylor
Holdings Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2007] SASC 193 at [6], applying numerous
English decisions).

10 _Department of Economics, Policy and Development of the City of Moscow v
Bankers Trust Co_ [2005] QB 207 (“ _Moscow_ ”) was a case in which the
defendant (London Bankers Trust Co) succeeded in arbitration against another
claimant but failed against the plaintiff (the Moscow government). The
arbitral award was published only to the parties. London Bankers Trust Co’s
application to the English court to set aside the arbitral award was
dismissed. In light of the dismissal by the English court of the application
to set aside the arbitral award, the Moscow government sought publication of
the judgment to demonstrate to the international financial community that the
arbitral award, holding that it had not committed any financial default, had
been the subject of detailed scrutiny by the English courts.

11 Mance LJ said, at [32] of his judgment, in relation to the English
position:

32 The rule makers clearly deduced from the principles of the Arbitration Act
1996 that any court hearing should take place, so far as possible, without
undermining the reasons of, inter alia, privacy and confidentiality for which
parties choose to arbitrate in England. Their conclusion in this regard has
not been challenged. It may be justified on the simple basis that arbitration
represents a special case, in relation to which there has been very
considerable development during recent years. An alternative and overlapping
consideration is that parties may be deterred from arbitrating or at any rate
from invoking the court’s supervisory role in relation to arbitration if their
understanding regarding arbitral confidentiality is ignored. ...

12 However, Mance LJ was also quick to caution at [40] and [41] that it is
ultimately a matter of balance:

40 The factors militating in favour of publicity have to be weighed together
with the desirability of preserving the confidentiality of the original
arbitration and its subject matter. ...

41 ... The limited but necessary interface between arbitration and the public
court means that more cannot be expected. There can be no question of
withholding publication of reasoned judgments on a blanket basis out of a
generalised, and in my view unfounded, concern that their publication would
upset the confidence of the business community in English arbitration.

It should also be noted that the discussions in _Moscow_ pertained to the
publication of judgments.

13 In Singapore, the High Court (per Chan Seng Onn J) had in _AAY v AAZ_
[2011] 1 SLR 1093 (“ _AAY_ ”) affirmed that confidentiality in arbitration is
accepted as a general principle. Furthermore, ss 22 and 23 of the
International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IAA”) reflect the
public policy of keeping arbitrations, and all proceedings related to
arbitration, confidential. Sections 22 and 23 of the IAA state:

**Proceedings to be heard otherwise than in open court**

22\. Proceedings under this Act in any court shall, on the application of any
party to the proceedings, be heard otherwise than in open court.

**Restrictions on reporting of proceedings heard otherwise than in open
court**

23\. —(1) This section shall apply to proceedings under this Act in any court
heard otherwise than in open court.

(2) A court hearing any proceedings to which this section applies shall, on
the application of any party to the proceedings, give directions as to whether
any and, if so, what information relating to the proceedings may be published.

(3) A court shall not give a direction under subsection (2) permitting
information to be published unless —

(_a_) all parties to the proceedings agree that such information may be
published; or

(_b_) the court is satisfied that the information, if published in accordance
with such directions as it may give, would not reveal any matter, including
the identity of any party to the proceedings, that any party to the
proceedings reasonably wishes to remain confidential.

(4) Notwithstanding subsection (3), where a court gives grounds of decision
for a judgment in respect of proceedings to which this section applies and
considers that judgment to be of major legal interest, the court shall direct
that reports of the judgment may be published in law reports and professional
publications but, if any party to the proceedings reasonably wishes to conceal
any matter, including the fact that he was such a party, the court shall —

(_a_) give directions as to the action that shall be taken to conceal that
matter in those reports; and

(_b_) if it considers that a report published in accordance with directions
given under paragraph (a) would be likely to reveal that matter, direct that
no report shall be published until after the end of such period, not exceeding
10 years, as it considers appropriate.

14 Thus, in deciding whether to seal the court documents in the present case,
the principle of open justice must be weighed against the need to preserve
confidentiality in arbitration, with the latter being an important factor in
the court’s exercise of discretion (see _AAY_ at [53]).

The decision

15 In my view, the following factors militate in favour of allowing the
application for sealing of the court files:

(a) Both AZT and AZV were party to the arbitration. The confidentiality of the
arbitration should not be compromised by the present proceedings between the
parties;

(b) Having perused the documents, there is nothing to indicate that there is a
legitimate public interest in not sealing the court documents;

(c) While AZV had earlier been recorded as opposing the sealing application,
it subsequently clarified that since it is reserving the right to apply to
stay the OS action on the ground that the court lacks jurisdiction, it neither
opposes nor consents to the application.

16 In addition, in _R v Legal Aid Board Ex p Kaim_ _Todner_ [1999] QB 966, the
English Court of Appeal, in discussing exceptions to the general principle of
open justice, stated at 978:

6\. In deciding whether to accede to an application for protection from
disclosure of the proceedings it is appropriate to take into account the
extent of the interference with the general rule which is involved. ...

7\. The nature of the proceedings is also relevant. If the application relates
to an interlocutory application this is a less significant intrusion into the
general rule than interfering with the public nature of the trial.
Interlocutory hearings are normally of no interest to anyone other than the
parties. ...

17 While the present OS action is not an interlocutory application, it is a
chambers proceeding which is heard “otherwise than in open court” pursuant to
s 22 of the IAA: the sealing of court documents would thus be “a less
significant intrusion” into the principle of open justice.

No legitimate public interest

18 It should also be pointed out that many of the relevant authorities dealt
with judgments and the need to make judgments dealing with challenges to
arbitral awards public. For instance, in _AAY v AAZ_ [2011] 2 SLR 528 (“ _AAY
2_ ”) at [28], the court found that there was legitimate public interest in
making the judgment in _AAY_ ([13]  _supra_) public, albeit with appropriate
redaction, as the judgment discussed the latest jurisprudence on the issue of
confidentiality in arbitration. The sealing of court documents, however, would
not stifle the development of arbitration jurisprudence in Singapore.

19 Neither is there any legitimate public interest in the subject matter of
the dispute. Having examined the affidavit in question, it is evident that the
dispute between the parties is purely commercial, with nothing to suggest that
there is any countervailing and legitimate public interest weighing in favour
of disclosure. Accordingly, there is no reason to compromise the
confidentiality of the arbitration and related proceedings which had been
bargained for and/or agreed to by the parties.

Conclusion

20 For the foregoing reasons, I allow the plaintiff’s application. No order as
to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

