Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Zeng Min and others (dependants of Zhang Lan, deceased) _v_ Mak Weng Tuck  
[2012] SGHCR 9

Case Number| :| Suit No 11 of 2011/S  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Terence Tan Zhong Wei AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Liew Hwee Tong Eric (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the
plaintiffs; Anparasan s/o Kamachi (KhattarWong LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Zeng Min and others (dependants of Zhang Lan, deceased) — Mak
Weng Tuck  
  
11 July 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Terence Tan Zhong Wei AR:

1 This is an assessment of damages arising from a fatal collision between
Zhang Lan (“the Deceased”) and the taxi driven by Mak Weng Tuck (“the
defendant”) on 20 June 2009. The Deceased sustained severe injuries from the
accident and subsequently passed away on 21 June 2009. Zeng Min, Zhang Gu, and
Luo Ping (collectively known as “the Dependants”) sued the defendant for
depriving them of “the pecuniary and other benefits which they would have
received had the Deceased continued to live”. The Dependants subsequently
obtained interlocutory judgment against the defendant, with the defendant
agreeing to pay 100% of the damages to be assessed.

2 Having considered the evidence and closing submissions of both parties, I
now set out my judgment.

The factual matrix

3 At the time of the accident, the Deceased, a Chinese National, was working
as a research fellow with the Institute for Infocomm Research (“I2R”), a
member of the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (“A*Star”) in
Singapore, earning a monthly salary of $4,600.00. He had been working in this
capacity at I2R for about two months. In I2R’s offer of appointment letter to
the Deceased (“I2R’s offer of appointment”), it was provided that upon the
conferment of a Doctor of Philosophy (“PhD”) on the Deceased, “[his] gross
monthly salary will be revised to **S$4,900** and [his] contract will be
revised to a **three-year contract** ” [emphasis in original]. The Deceased
was conferred his PhD on 31 May 2010 (about a year after his death on 21 June
2009), and it followed that his contract with I2R would run for three years to
June 2013. The Deceased’s employment package also included an annual wage
supplement (“AWS”) of one calendar month per calendar year and eligibility for
a performance bonus based on his work performance.

4 Zeng Min (“the wife”) is the widow of the Deceased. She was 29 years old at
the time of the Deceased’s death, and is presently working in Singapore as an
engineer, earning a salary of $3,700.00 per month. The Deceased and the wife
had no children and did not own any property in Singapore. Zhang Gu (“the
father”) and Luo Ping (“the mother”) are the parents of the Deceased
(collectively known as “the parents”). They are both retired and currently
live in China, where they receive a monthly pension of RMB2,659.00 (about
$530.43) and RMB1,500.00 (about $299.23) respectively. The father was 62 years
old while the mother was 61 years old at the time of the Deceased’s death.

5 The abovementioned facts and events are not in dispute. I also note that
parties have agreed on the bereavement sum and all the items under special
damages, except for the legal fees incurred by the Dependants in applying for
grant of Letters of Administration (“LOA”). Parties are, however, in
disagreement as to the dependency claims brought by the Dependants.

Agreed items

6 Parties are in agreement for the following items:

(a)

Bereavement sum: **_$15,000.00_** ; and

(b)

Special damages: **_$23,107.29_** , comprising of:

(i)

Medical expenses: $555.00

(ii)

Funeral expenses in Singapore: $4,840.78

(iii)

Funeral expenses in China: $8,000.00

(iv)

Transport expenses in Singapore: $150.00

(v)

Transport expenses in China: $200.00

(vi)

Postage charges: $0.00

(vii)

Lodging in Singapore: $2,328.32

(viii)

Lodging in China: $32.00

(ix)

Air tickets: $7,001.19

(x)

Oath fees in China: $0.00

Items in dispute

Special damages

7 In respect of special damages, parties were only unable to agree on one
item, namely, the legal fees incurred for the Dependants’ application for
grant of LOA.

8 The Dependants submitted that this should be fixed at $6,317.80. The
defendant relied on _Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius and another v Tan Harry and
another_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 588 (“ _Teo Chee Yeow_ ”), where $3,407.40 was
awarded for the costs of obtaining LOA even though there were multiple assets
listed, to argue that an award of $2,000.00 for the costs of obtaining these
letters would be “more than fair” given that the Deceased only had one asset
listed in his Schedule of Assets.

9 I disagree with the defendant’s submission and award the sum of $6,317.80 to
the Dependants for the costs of obtaining grant of LOA. The Dependants’
lawyers have provided a tax invoice dated 29 July 2010 with a clear breakdown
of how much was charged for each item pursuant to the Dependants’ application
for grant of LOA. I note that the application for grant of LOA required,
_inter alia_ , consultation with Chinese lawyers on intestacy law in China and
also affidavits of foreign law, none of which was required in _Teo Chee Yeow_
, which incidentally, was a case from almost eight years ago. In the
circumstances, I am of the view that it is fair and reasonable for me to award
the Dependants the sum of $6,317.80 for this item under the special damages
sought, and I so order.

General damages – dependency claim amount

The applicable law

10 The main source of dispute in this assessment was with respect to the
dependency claims brought by the Dependants. In this regard, it is appropriate
for me to begin by looking at the relevant legal principles with respect to
dependency claims.

11 The statutory basis of a dependency claim can be found in ss 20(1) and (2)
of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”):

**Right of action for wrongful act causing death**

**20\. —(1**) If death is caused by any wrongful act, neglect or default which
is such as would (if death has not ensued) have entitled the person injured to
maintain an action and recover damages in respect thereof, the person who
would have been liable if death had not ensued shall be liable to an action
for damages, notwithstanding the death of the person injured.

(2) Subject to section 21(2), every such action shall be for the benefit of
the dependants of the person (referred to in this section and in sections 21
and 22 as the deceased) whose death has been so caused.

The definition of a “dependant” is set out in s 20(8) of the Act, and
includes, _inter alia_ , “the wife or husband or the deceased” and “any parent
… of the deceased”.

12 S 22(1) of the Act provides for damages “as are proportioned to the losses
resulting from the death to the dependants respectively”. It is trite that the
damages are to be calculated “in reference to a reasonable expectation of
pecuniary benefit, as of right or otherwise, from the continuance of life”:
_Gul_ _Chandiram_ _Mahtani_ _and another (administrators of the estate of
Harbajan_ _Kaur, deceased) v Chain Singh and another_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 801 at
[17].

13 The Singapore position on the assessment of damages arising from a
dependency claim is further elaborated in Julian Chin et al, _Assessment of
Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2nd
Ed: 2005) (“ _Assessment of Damages_ ”) p 98 as follows:

**_There is no need to show that the dependant was receiving pecuniary benefit
at the time of the death_** : _Ng Siew Choo v Tan Kian Choon_ [1990] SLR 331.
**_A purely prospective loss is sufficient._**

…

**_There must, however, be a reasonable probability of pecuniary advantage_**.
The Court of Appeal in _Ho Yeow Kim v Lai Hai Kuen_ (supra) referred to the
case of _Barnett v Cohen_ [1921] 2 KB 461 where the deceased child was four
years old and it was clear that the father of the deceased had not lost a
reasonable probability of pecuniary advantage as the claim was far too
speculative.

[emphasis in bold italics added]

14 With respect to the method of assessing the reasonable expectation of
pecuniary benefit suffered by a defendant, the authors of _Assessment of
Damages_ state at p 99 that:

This is usually done by way of the multiplier-multiplicand method. The value
of the dependency (the multiplicand) is multiplied by a figure based on the
number of years that the dependency might reasonably be expected to last but
discounted so as to allow for the fact that a lump sum is being given now
instead of periodical payments over the years (the multiplier).

15 The starting point in the calculation of the multiplier is the number of
years that it is anticipated the dependency would have lasted had the deceased
not been killed. This may vary as between different dependants based on the
relationship between the deceased and the dependants and the personal
circumstances of the deceased and the dependants: _Ling Kee Ling and another v
Leow Leng Siong and others_ [1994] 3 SLR(R) 395 at [8]. The court will also
consider the age and expected working life of the deceased, as well as the age
and expected life span of the dependants in selecting the multiplier: _Ho Yeow
Kim v Lai Hai Kuen_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1068 at [32] (_“Ho Yeow Kim”_).

16 There are two main methods of determining the appropriate multiplicand. The
first method is to ascertain the deceased's net annual income and deduct from
that figure the deceased's own expenses: _Balanalagirisamy_ _Gowri_ _Rajeswari
and another (administrators of the estate of Radhakrishnan_ _Hari_ _Babu,
deceased) v Wong Si_ _Wah_ [2009] 1 SLR(R) 819 at [16] (“ _Balanalagirisamy_
”). The balance, it can be assumed, would be for the benefit of the
dependants. To arrive at the deceased's net annual income, one should begin by
considering the deceased's basic salary (see, _ie_ , _See Ah Haw v Ong Hock
Thian and another_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 618). The second method is to add up the
financial benefits received by the dependants, such as rents and bills paid
and pocket money. The proportion that is attributable to the benefit of the
deceased, such as his share of the utilities bill, is then deducted.

17 The factors which affect the determination of the multiplicand are as
follows (see _Assessment of Damages_ at p 102):

(a) the probability of future increase or decrease in the annual dependency;

(b) the deceased’s educational level and earning potential; and

(c) the possibility of an unmarried deceased eventually marrying and the
consequent expectation of a reduction in the contribution to the parent’s
support: _Ng Siew Choo v Tan Kian Choon_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 235 at [22].

Actual and projected earnings of the deceased

18 Before the appropriate multiplicand can be calculated in the present case,
it is important to first establish what the actual and projected earnings of
the Deceased are. It is not disputed that the Deceased was earning a monthly
salary of $4,600.00 before his death, and that his salary would be revised to
$4,900.00 (on a revised three year contract) upon the conferment of a PhD on
the Deceased. The Deceased was conferred a PhD on 31 May 2010, about a year
after his death on 21 June 2009.

Yearly salary increment

19 With respect to the yearly salary increment, the Dependants had contended
in their Opening Statement that this should be 4%. However, Ms Tan Chee Chuen
Joanne (“Ms Joanne”), the Senior Manager, Human Resource with Science and
Engineering Institutes working for I2R, gave evidence at the hearing before me
that the annual percentage of I2R’s salary increment was around _2.5% and 2.8%
in financial years 2009 and 2010_ respectively. More importantly, Ms Joanne
also stated that whether one would obtain a salary increment is dependent on
the performance of the individual employee and also how well the economy is
doing at that moment of time:

Q: **_… Figures [salary increment was around 2.5% and 2.8% in financial years
2009 and 2010 respectively] you have quoted applies to an average performer
and depends on performance of economy?_**

A: **_Yes._**

Q:Over the period of 3 years, still entitled to get 2.5% every year?

A:Yes.

Q:At end of 3 year contract, Board will consider whether to let contract
lapse; keep him at same grade; promote him?

A:Yes.

Q: **_These 3 options would depend on performance appraisal and economy?_**

A: **_Yes._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

It was also made clear that whether the Deceased would be offered a new
contract beyond the 3 year contract, which would apply once he was conferred a
PhD, would also depend on the Deceased’s performance and the state of the
economy at that time.

20 In _Tan Harry and another v Teo Chee Yeow Aloysius and another_ [2004] 1
SLR(R) 513 (“ _Tan Harry_ ”), the plaintiff’s counsel had submitted that
“account should be taken of the likelihood of an increase each year in [the
deceased’s] salary”. While noting that the deceased (a tax manager) had
enjoyed some increases in his salary in the three years he had been with the
company before he died, and that it would not be illogical _per se_ to take
into account future increases in his salary to derive a median salary which
would be higher than the last drawn salary, the court held at [16] and [19]
that:

16 … **_I was mindful of the point that it is all too easy to assume that
salaries would always increase. The past few years of financial turmoil have
showed otherwise. Not only have salaries not increased, they have in many
instances decreased and in some cases, jobs have been lost._** To be fair,
there was no evidence about a decrease in salaries for KPMG or a loss of jobs
although bonus for 2002 had been reduced from two months to one month for an
above average performer. However, on the other hand, Helen Chiang of KPMG was
not inclined to be dogmatic about the likelihood of salary increases. **_She
would say only that "the salary increment here is also very dependent on the
economic situation and results of the firm"._**

…

19 **_In view of the absence of a positive assertion by KPMG about salary
increases_** and more concrete evidence from the plaintiffs of an increase in
what they were receiving from Philip over the years and **_bearing in mind
that the burden of proof was on the plaintiffs_** , **_I declined to adopt a
median figure to calculate the multiplicand. I was of the view that the AR was
correct in using Philip's last drawn salary as the basis for such a
calculation._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

21 _Tan Harry_ appears to be directly applicable to the case at hand. Here, Ms
Joanne, while able to state that the increments range from 2.5% to 2.8% for
2009 and 2010, agreed that the salary increment was dependent on the
performance of the employee and also the state of the economy. There were _no
positive assertions_ from her that the Deceased would have received a salary
increment every year. In fact, Ms Joanne candidly agreed that she was not in a
position to comment on the work performance of the Deceased. I also note that
the Dependants failed to call the Deceased’s immediate supervisor to give
evidence as to his work performance and promotion prospects. Finally, the
defendant also helpfully drew my attention to the current “Eurozone crisis
coupled with slow growth in China”, and the fact that the estimated growth
rate for Singapore, based on statistics from the Ministry of Trade and
Industry, was only 1% – 3% for 2012 as compared to 14.5% in 2010. These
statistics highlighted the fact that the Singapore economy might not do as
well in the near future as compared to previous years.

22 Finally, I also note that the Dependants had, in its Closing Submissions,
argued that the Deceased would have even better pay and promotion prospects
even if his contract was not renewed after 3 years by I2R. With respect, I
cannot agree. First, the Dependants have not produced any evidence to support
their bare assertion. Second, it goes against the clear evidence of Ms Joanne
that the market for PhD holders, such as the Deceased, is “usually… smaller”,
which necessarily implied that the Deceased might have find it difficult to
obtain a job with higher pay and promotion prospects.

23 In light of the above, I find that the Deceased’s last drawn salary
(_excluding any salary increments_) should be used as the basis for
calculating the applicable multiplicand in this case. Given that the Deceased
would have earn a monthly salary of $4,900.00 from 31 May 2010 onwards (the
date on which he was conferred a PhD) for _at least_ three years (as
stipulated in I2R’s offer of appointment) and the fact that this was only
about a year after his death on 21 June 2009 (when his last drawn salary was
$4,600.00), I am minded to adopt the sum of $4,900.00 as the Deceased’s last
drawn salary for the purposes of calculating the applicable multiplicands in
this case.

Monthly variable component

24 The Deceased’s monthly salary also included a monthly variable component
(“MVC”). The defendant cited, _inter alia_ , the decision of an assistant
registrar in _Zhang Xiao Ling (personal representative of the Estate of Chan
Tak Man, deceased) v Er Swee Poo and Another_ [2004] SGHC 21 (“ _Zhang Xiao
Ling_ ”) to support its argument that there have been “judicial recognition …
that applying a percentage increase in salary disregards economic situations
and other exigencies”. Therefore, the Deceased’s basic pay of $4,048.00 (at
the time of his death), which excludes the MVC of $552.00, should be used as
the starting point in calculating the multiplicands applicable for each of the
Dependants.

25 I cannot agree with the defendant’s argument. In _Zhang Xiao Ling_ , the
assistant registrar took into account that the company which the deceased was
working in was only 10 years old and that any increments would depend on the
performance of the company and the economic situation. Moreover, there had
been “a wage freeze across the board at the company for the last couple of
years”. In the circumstances, she rejected the computation of a 5% increase in
the earnings of the deceased. _Zhang Xiao Ling_ can be distinguished from this
case in light of the fact that I2R is an established research institute (set
up in 2002 under the purview of A*Star) and Ms Joanne’s unchallenged evidence
that the MVC for I2R employees has never been adjusted since it was
introduced:

Q:BF 190 para 3. What is the monthly variable component (“MVC”) about?

A:We have full discretion to make adjustments in times of bad economy. Allows
flexibility for us to still keep the staff with lower costs. **_So far, we
have not adjusted this since MVC was introduced._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

26 I therefore find that the MVC of the Deceased’s last drawn salary should be
included in full in the calculation of the applicable multiplicand in this
case.

Annual workfare supplement and performance bonus

27 Ms Joanne’s evidence was that the annual workfare supplement (“AWS”) is one
month’s salary per working year unless there are issues with the employee’s
performance. More importantly, she also responded as follows to a question
which I had directed towards her at the hearing before me:

Ct:Is the 13th month payment a “definite” payment in that it is always paid
out?

A:As long as you do not get the performance improvement plan, then will get
13th month. _But this is very uncommon_ [for one to be put on the performance
improvement plan]_._

[emphasis added]

Ms Joanne explained that only employees who have performed poorly would be put
on the “performance improvement plan” and that their AWS would be withheld for
that particular year in which they were put on that plan. However, she
stressed that this is _very uncommon_. In light of Ms Joanne’s evidence, I
reject the defendant’s argument that the court should take into consideration
the uncertainty of AWS being withheld, and find that the AWS of one month per
working year should be taken into account for the calculation of the
applicable multiplicands in this case.

28 With respect to performance bonus, Ms Joanne’s evidence was that about 50%
of the staff will receive about a performance bonus of two months’ salary.
However, she also agreed that the award of the performance bonus would depend
on the performances of the company and the individual employee. Since there
was no evidence as to the work performance of the Deceased, save for certain
bare assertions by the Deceased’s mother that he was performing very well and
would have received four months’ worth of performance bonuses (see [51]
below), I am of the view that performance bonuses should _not_ be included in
the calculation of the applicable multiplicands in this case.

Total net income of the Deceased per year

29 In light of the above, the Deceased’s total income per year would be as
follows: $4,900.00 x 13 months = $63,700.00. It was not disputed by parties,
based on Ms Joanne’s evidence, that income tax deductions ranging from 12% to
15% would apply to the Deceased’s income. In the circumstances, an average
figure of 13.5% as income tax is deducted from the Deceased’s total income per
year of $63,700.00 to arrive at a final figure of _$55,100.50_ , which is the
Deceased’s total _net_ income per year.

Dependency claim of the wife

The applicable multiplicand

The parties’ positions

30 In the Dependants’ Opening Statement, the wife claimed that she was
financially dependent on the Deceased to the extent of 40% of the Deceased’s
net income. I note, however, that in the Dependants’ Closing Submissions, this
figure had been amended to “[at least] 33%”. In support of the contention that
the multiplicand applicable to the wife should amount to at least 33% of the
Deceased’s net income, the wife placed much emphasis on _See Soon Soon v Goh
Yong Kwang and another_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 535 (“ _See Soon Soon_ ”), where Chan
Sek Keong J (as he then was), held at [38] that:

… In calculating the net dependency under the Fatal Accident Acts, the English
courts have adopted the simple solution of applying a conventional figure of
33% to a family unit of husband and wife, on the rationale that the net income
would be spent one-third for the benefit of each and one-third for their joint
benefit. Where there are children, the figure falls to 25%, which was the
figure agreed in _Harris v Empress Motors Ltd_ [1983] 3 All ER 561.

The wife further argued that the approach approved in _See Soon Soon_ has
since been applied, _inter alia_ , in _Ho Yeow Kim_ (35% of the deceased’s
income was used as the multiplicand for the dependent parents) and
_Balanalagirisamy_ (33% of the deceased’s income was used as the multiplicand
for the dependent wife).

31 The defendant made two main points in respect of the applicable
multiplicand to the wife. First, the defendant emphasised that there were no
evidence of “the [D]eceased giving [the wife] money regularly or evidence of
the [D]eceased spending the above sums [$1,500.00 to $2,000.00 a month] on
her”, and that the only evidence provided by the wife support her claim was
“her bare testimony”. Second, considering the wife’s “substantial [monthly]
income of $2,700” and that she would have been “expected to contribute to the
household expenses as she began earning a steady income”, the applicable
multiplicand with respect to the wife’s dependency claim should be “no more
than **$657.80 per month** , or $7,893.60, (i.e. 15% of the [Deceased’s]
earnings …)” [emphasis in bold in original]. This “is a higher sum than the
multiplicand of $500 per month awarded [to the widow who was earning $2,600.00
per month] in _Cheong Gim_ _Fah and Another v Murugian_ _s/o Rangasamy_ [2004]
SGHC 93 (“ _Cheong Gim_ _Fah_ ”).

The court’s assessment

32 The defendant is right in stating that the wife did not provide any
evidence of the amounts for which she was financially dependent on the
Deceased. However, what is also clear is that there is no need to show that
the dependant was receiving pecuniary benefit at the time of the death. A
purely prospective loss is sufficient. In other words, it sufficed that there
was some basis of fact from which it could be inferred that there was a
_reasonable - but not speculative_ \- expectation of pecuniary benefits to the
dependant, and therefore of prospective loss from the death: _Ng_ _Siew Choo_
at [15].

33 Here, the wife’s evidence was that she was financially dependent on her
husband to the sum of approximately $1,500.00 to $2,000.00 per month. This sum
was spent on items such as rental, food, utilities, phone bills, transport and
leisure/shopping. At the time of the Deceased’s death, the wife had only been
working for about a month, earning a salary of $2,700.00. Moreover, she had to
spent about $500.00 to $800.00 on travel, _ie_ , going back to China to visit
her parents about two times a year, and paying “school fees which [were] about
$5,000.00” (this has since been fully paid for). I accept the wife’s evidence
that while the Deceased did not “have the habit of literally giving [her]
money every month”, he took care of most, if not all of the expenses.
Moreover, it was also the wife’s unchallenged evidence that the husband would
give her “his atm card” whenever she goes out to buy things. In the
circumstances, I am of the view that there is a reasonable probability of
pecuniary advantage to the wife in the present case and that her claim is not
too speculative.

34 However, I accept the defendant’s argument that the wife’s earning capacity
should be taken into account in determining the multiplicand applicable to her
dependency claim. Here, the wife was earning $2,700.00 at the time of the
Deceased’s death. She is now earning $3,700.00 as an engineer. Moreover, it
was also the wife’s evidence that she would “buy the groceries if [they]
cooked”, and this amounted to approximately $200.00 to $300.00 per month. With
respect to household expenses, I accept that the Deceased was responsible for
paying most, if not all of these expenses when he was alive. I also note that
the wife would have willingly contributed to some of the household expenses if
the Deceased had asked:

Q:Before the accident, as you were earning $2,700, no necessity for your
husband to pay for your expenses?

A:According to our culture, **_I would give him money if he asked._** But he
had never asked me for money.

[emphasis in bold added]

Even though the wife’s evidence was that the Deceased did not in fact ask for
money from her to pay for any of the household expenses, this did not mean
that he would _never_ have asked in the future. This is especially relevant
when we consider that the wife had only been working for about a month and
might not even have received her first pay check at the time of the Deceased’s
death, but is currently earning $3,700.00. According, I find that the wife
would have contributed a portion of her increased income to the household
expenses if the Deceased had not met with the unfortunate accident.

35 With respect to the defendant’s argument that the multiplicand should be
“no more than **$657.80 per month** , or $7,893.60, (i.e. 15% of the
[Deceased’s] earnings …)” [emphasis in bold in original], I cannot agree. In
_Cheong Gim_ _Fah_ , it was held at [12] that:

12 I had serious doubts about the value of the dependency as claimed by Mdm
Cheong who worked and continues to work as a staff nurse at a baby and child
clinic earning $2,600 per month as her gross salary, or approximately $2,080
per month as net salary. **_In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, she stated
that she used her income to “maintain myself and my own expenses including
some maintenance, marketing, etc”._** In cross-examination, she stated that
she had enjoyed medical benefits from the deceased and that the deceased had
paid for the family’s expenses, such as school fees, home maintenance and
household expenses, upkeep of the car, and holidays. In face of the evidence
adduced, I accepted that despite earning her own salary Mdm Cheong was
dependent on the deceased to some extent. Furthermore, I was of the view that
the issue of dependency also included non-monetary factors such as, but not
limited to, emotional support. **_However, I did not see how any of these
factors could in any way justify Mdm Cheong’s claim of $2,500 a month in
dependency._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

36 It is clear from the above that the assistant registrar had arrived at her
conclusion that the multiplicand should not be $2,500.00 per month because it
was Mdm Cheong’s own evidence that she used some of her monthly income to
maintain herself and to pay for some other expenses. In contrast, the wife’s
evidence here was consistent, in that she maintained that the Deceased paid
most, if not all of the household expenses, and that she was financially
dependent on the Deceased for approximately $1,500.00 to $2,000.00 per month.
The only evidence of her spending any of her own income on her expenses was
with respect to groceries (which she paid for only when the couple cooked) and
_occasionally_ , paying for the things she bought when she went shopping.

37 In the circumstances, I am of the view that the applicable multiplicand
should be _$16,530.15_ , or 30% of the Deceased’s yearly earnings of
$55,100.50. This is lower than the 33% provided in _See Soon Soon_ as it takes
into account my finding above that the wife would have contributed a portion
of her increased income to the household expenses if the Deceased had not met
with the unfortunate accident.

The applicable multiplier

38 The wife submitted that the applicable multiplier should be 18 years. The
defendant disagreed, arguing that the multiplier should be 10 years instead.

39 I am of the view that the appropriate multiplier to be applied in this case
should be 15 years. In the recent decision of _Balanalagirisamy_ , a
multiplier of 15 years was applied to a widow who was 31 years old at the time
of her husband’s death. Here, the wife was 29 years old at the time of the
Deceased’s death. I disagree with the defendant’s argument that _Ang Song Huay
v Chu Yong Thiam_ [1995] SGHC 116 (“ _Ang Song Huay_ ”), where a multiplier of
10.75 years was applied to a dependant plaintiff who was 31 years old, should
be adopted in this case. First, the defendant’s submission that the court
should consider the “lower life expectancy and retirement ages in China” is
erroneous in light of the wife’s current status as a Singapore Permanent
Resident and her evidence that the Deceased and her were likely to stay in
Singapore permanently:

Q:How long do you think your husband would have worked in Singapore if he was
alive?

A: **_Permanently here._**

Q:There must be a point in time when you all will go back to China?

A: **_No. Singapore is a safe place and provides a conducive environment to
raise our children._**

[emphasis in bold added]

Second, _Ang Song Huay_ was a decision from more than 16 years ago and I am of
the view that the more recent decision of _Balanalagirisamy_ should be applied
to the present case, given that the multiplier applied in the latter case
would be more in line with the social and economic conditions of Singapore
today. Therefore, I find that the appropriate multiplier to be applied to the
wife is 15 years.

40 In light of the above, I find that the wife is entitled to $16,530.15 x 15
years = _$247,952.25_ for her dependency claim.

Dependency claim of the parents

The parents’ position

41 It was argued on behalf of the parents that there was clear testimony from
the parents that the Deceased had, _inter alia_ , sent money to them since he
started working in China back in 2004, gave them money during festive
occasions and when he returned to China in 2009, and contributed financially
towards the purchase of the parents’ home in China in 2008. The parents
conceded that they had no evidence of the remittance of “monthly fixed sums”
from the Deceased, but argued that this cannot be interpreted as a “lack of
intention to maintain his parents”. This is because the Deceased had just
started work when he met with the accident and the fact that he had no
opportunities of returning home to pass them money. Finally, the Deceased was
also a very filial son and there was no evidence that the Deceased would not
have sent money to the parents. Therefore, the parents argued that “no less
than 40%” of the Deceased’s net income should be awarded to them (the
multiplicand), with a multiple of 10 years being applied.

42 The defendant disagreed with the parents and argued that they have not lost
a reasonable probability of pecuniary advantage as their dependency claims
were far too speculative based on the objective evidence before this court.

Whether there was a reasonable probability of pecuniary advantage

43 In their Affidavits of Evidence in Chief (“AEICs”), which incidentally was
almost identical except that the names of the father and mother was used in
his and her own AEIC respectively, the parents claimed, _inter alia_ , that
the Deceased would “mail [them] some money during major holidays … while his
[_sic_] was in Singapore”, contributed to the purchase of their new apartment
in 2008 and bought a computer for their use.

44 At the hearing before me, the defendant pointed out that there was no
documentary evidence to support any of the parents’ claims above. While that
is true, it is also trite that the parents could succeed in their dependency
claims if there was some basis of fact from which it could be inferred that
there was a _reasonable - but not speculative_ \- expectation of pecuniary
benefits to the parents, and therefore of prospective loss from the Deceased’s
death: _Ng_ _Siew Choo_ at [15].

45 However, having assessed the objective evidence before me, I find, for the
reasons set out below, that the only basis of fact from which a reasonable
expectation of pecuniary benefit to the parents and therefore of prospective
loss from the Deceased’s death could be inferred, was that the Deceased sent
the parents money during the Spring Festival while he was in Singapore and the
last time he did so was in February 2009, when he sent them RMB5,000.00
(approximately $1,000.00).

46 First, the Deceased did not have a habit of giving the parents money on a
regular basis, as is clear from the evidence of the father:

Q:BF 68 para 10. Your deceased son gives you money occasionally?

A: **_Not every month._** But in total, he did give me a substantial amount on
average. He has not worked for long in Singapore.

Q: **_Between 2004 and 2009, he gave you RMB42,000 [as stated in para 10 of
the father’s AEIC]?_**

A: **_No._**

…

Q:Even though he started working in 2004, no documentary record of your son’s
remittances to you. Agree?

A: **_Did not ask for any money for him._** But he did give us money later.

…

Q: **_Suggest to you that, looking at para 10 of your affidavit, your son does
not have a habit of giving you money on a monthly basis. At best, it is only
on certain occasions. Agree?_**

A: **_Yes. He did not give me on a monthly basis. But on average the amount
was quite substantial._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

47 Second, the Deceased did not send money back to his parents often while he
was studying in Singapore and living on his scholarship allowance. As the
father explained, “while [the Deceased] was on scholarship, most of that
stipend would go towards their [Deceased and the wife] living expenses. So we
can understand that most of that went towards their living expenses. But when
he started working for real, we **_expected_** him to send us more money”
[emphasis in bold italics added]. The word “expected” is especially relevant
here as it shows that it was the parents’ _expectation_ that the Deceased
would send them more money when he started working. However, as is clear from
the evidence, this expectation did not materialise.

48 Third, even after he started working in March 2009, the Deceased did not
send money to the parents back in China in the two months before the accident.
Indeed, the parents confirmed that the last time they received money from the
Deceased was during the Spring Festival in February 2009, when he sent them
RMB5000.00. Pertinently, I also note that the Deceased neither told his
parents that he had started working at I2R nor gave them any details as to the
job that he had secured:

Q:Even after he started earning, he did not give you money monthly?

A: **_No, he did not. When he came back, he did not tell us about the job._**
We have never asked him questions as to where he was working at. He did not
give us money every month then.

[emphasis in bold italics added]

The implication from this is that the Deceased was unlikely to send the
parents any additional money (on top of the RMB5,000.00 sent to them for the
Spring Festival in February 2009) after he started working with I2R. I also
reject the parents’ argument that the Deceased did not send them any money
after he started working with I2R because he had only just started working
when he met with the accident and the fact that he had no opportunities of
returning home to pass them money. If the Deceased had wanted to send
additional money back to his parents after he started working at I2R (on top
of the RMB5,000.00 which he had sent to them for the Spring Festival in
February 2009), he could have easily done so by remitting the money through
banks or other financial institutions.

49 Fourth, the parents made numerous self-serving and bare assertions during
the hearing before me that the Deceased would give or send them money because
he was a filial son (regardless of whether the Deceased has enough money to
spend on himself and the wife), even though this was clearly contrary to the
objective evidence at hand. The relevant parts of the father’s evidence are as
follows:

Q:We were cross-examining your daughter-in-law yesterday. She mentioned that
about half of your son’s income, about S$2000 plus, would be spent towards his
rental, utilities, and food expenses. Also said that there would be a further
sum she would spend on groceries, about $200-$300. And then they also spent as
a family, a sum of $500-$600 for movies and leisure. Also said that husband
would allow her to buy clothes or when she goes shopping. They also travel
back to China once or twice a year, and have to incur expenses for those
travels. From her evidence, appears that almost all of your son’s income would
be committed towards the household and her. Therefore, I suggest to you that
your son may not have sufficient money to send you for the upkeep of your wife
and you.

A:I disagree. _According to past records when he was working in China, he
would place priority on his parents._

Ct:Are you disputing your daughter-in-law’s evidence?

A:While he was on scholarship, most of that stipend would go towards their
living expenses. So we can understand that most of that went towards their
living expenses. _But when he started working for real, we_** _expected_**
_him to send us more money._

[emphasis in italics and bold italics added]

The mother made similar bare and self-serving assertions which I found
difficult to accept:

Q:On any pension scheme? If so, how much per month?

A:Yes. RMB1,900. **_But not enough to spend._**

…

Q:We were cross-examining your daughter-in-law yesterday. She mentioned that
about half of your son’s income, about S$2300, would be spent towards his
rental, utilities, and food expenses. Also said that there would be a further
sum she would spend on groceries, about $200-$300. And then they also spent as
a family, a sum of $500-$600 for movies and leisure. Also said that husband
would allow her to buy clothes or when she goes shopping. They also travel
back to China once or twice a year, and have to incur expenses for those
travels. From her evidence, appears that almost all of your son’s income would
be committed towards the household and her. Therefore, I suggest to you that
your son may not have sufficient money to send you for the upkeep of your wife
and you

A:I disagree. **_My son would give me money regardless of whether he has
money._**

…

Q:Also put to you that because you have pension and your elder son sends you
money and taking into account your expenses, then you need not rely on Zhang
Lan. Why did you disagree?

A:Reason why I had children was to improve my standard of living. For the son
to provide for us, that is very reasonable. **_He must provide for us no
matter what happens. Zhang Lan is very filial to me._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

50 Fifth, I also found the evidence of the mother to be unreliable as it was
full of contradictions. For example, she claimed that the Deceased had given
her money after the Spring Festival in February 2009 (about RMB2,000.00 to
RMB3,000.00 each time):

Q:When he started work in March 2009, in the 4 months when he was earning
$4,600 (until the accident), confirm that he did not give you any money?

A: **_He did give us money._**

Ct:How much?

A:He did not give me on a monthly basis. But **_RMB2000-3000 each time._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

However, when confronted with para 10 of her own AEIC (which contradicted what
she had just said in court), she did a complete turnaround and claimed that
she could not recall whether the Deceased had sent the parents money after
February 2009:

Q:See para 10 of your affidavit. According to your husband and your [AEIC],
the RMB5000 given in Feb 2009 was the last contribution from your son, do you
agree?

A: **_Agree._**

Q:Therefore from March to June 2009, he did not give you any sums of money.
Agree or disagree?

A: **_I cannot recall exactly the details._**

[emphasis in bold italics added]

51 Finally, it also appeared that the mother had discussed what she was going
to say in evidence with the wife before the mother’s turn to give evidence:

W:I want to ask the [Defence counsel] some questions.

…

W:Yesterday when you were talking about the [Deceased’s performance] bonus, it
was not fixed whether it was 2 month or 4 month bonuses. But I was informed by
my son’s manager that he should be entitled to a 4 month bonus.

Ct: **_How did she know what was discussed in this courtroom yesterday?_**

W: **_My daughter-in-law._**

Ct: **_Did you discuss what you were going to say in court?_**

W: **_No._** Want to ask another question. Even though I receive pension, does
this mean that the driver who knocked down my son does not need to compensate
us?

[emphasis in bold italics added]

This was a highly unsatisfactory situation and placed grave doubts as to the
reliability of the mother’s evidence.

52 Taking into consideration what has been set out from [46] – [51] above, I
find that the only basis of fact from which a reasonable expectation of
pecuniary benefit to the parents and therefore of prospective loss from the
Deceased’s death could be inferred, was that the Deceased has the habit of
sending money back to them occasionally, _ie_ , during the Spring Festival
each year.

The applicable multiplicand and multiplier

53 I note that the parents’ evidence was that the Deceased sent them a sum of
RMB5,000.00 in February 2009 for the Spring Festival. This sum of RMB5,000.00
was identical to the sum which the Deceased had gave to the parents during the
Spring Festival of 2005 (as set out in para 10 of the AEIC of each of the
parents). Moreover, I also note that one of the “holidays” identified by the
parents as an occasion when the Deceased would send money back to them, _ie_ ,
the Dumpling Festival, occurred on 28 May 2009. It is telling that the
Deceased did not send the parents any money for the Dumpling Festival even
though he had already started working at I2R. In the circumstances, I find
that it is fair and reasonable to adopt the sum of RMB5,000.00 as the
applicable multiplicand to the parents in the present case.

54 With respect to the multiplier, it is trite that “where the dependant is a
parent and the deceased a son or daughter, the controlling life expectancy
will be that of the dependant rather than that of the deceased”: _Assessment
of Damages_ at p 104. Here, the father was 62 years old while the mother was
61 years old at the time of the Deceased’s death. Although no evidence was led
as to the life expectancy in China, the World Bank has on its online database
the life expectancy (at birth) of both males and females in China in 2010,
which are 67.6 years and 71.7. years respectively.[note: 1]

55 In determining the multiplier to be applied to the parents, I also found
the case of _Man Mohan Singh s/o Jothirambal Singh and another v Zurich
Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (now known as QBE Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd)
and another and another appeal_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 735 (“ _Man Mohan Singh_ ”),
cited to this court in by the parents in support of their claims, instructive.
In _Man Mohan Singh_ , the Court of Appeal fixed the multiplier for the
parents at 8 years for the first appellant who was 46 years old when his sons
died, and at 13 years for the second appellant (the wife of the first
appellant) who was 44 years when her sons died. In light of _Man Mohan Singh_
, I find that a multiplier of 5 years for the father and a multiplier of 9
years for the mother are fair and reasonable in the circumstances, especially
considering the fact that the father and the mother only have, on average,
about 6 and 11 years of life left respectively, and so a smaller discount
should be applied as compared to the first and second appellants in _Man Mohan
Singh_.

56 In light of my finding that the applicable multiplicand should be
RMB5,000.00 (approximately $1,000.00), the father and the mother are entitled
to a total of $1,000.00 x 5 years = _$5,000.00_ , and $1,000.00 x 9 years =
_$9,000.00_ for their dependency claims respectively.

Conclusion

57 In summary, the Dependants succeeded in the following:

(a) Bereavement sum agreed at **_$15,000.00_**

(b) Special damages:

(i) Medical expenses agreed at _$555.00_

(ii) Funeral expenses in Singapore agreed at _$4,840.78_

(iii) Funeral expenses in China agreed at _$8,000.00_

(iv) Transport expenses in Singapore agreed at _$150.00_

(v) Transport expenses in China agreed at _$200.00_

(vi) Postage charges agreed at _$0.00_

(vii) Lodging in Singapore agreed at _$2,328.32_

(viii) Lodging in China agreed at _$32.00_

(ix) Air tickets agreed at _$7,001.19_

(x) Oath fees in China agreed at _$0.00_

(xi) Costs of obtaining LOA assessed at _$6,317.80_

Total: **_$29,425.09_**

(c) General damages:

(i) The wife’s dependency claim assessed at _$247,952.25_

(ii) The father’s dependency claim assessed at _$5,000.00_

(iii) The mother’s dependency claim assessed at _$9,000.00_

Total: **_$261,952.25_**

58 Interest is to be at half of 5.33% on special damages (including the
bereavement sum agreed at $15,000.00) from the date of the accident to the
date of judgment. No interest is awarded for the post-trial damages, _ie_ ,
the dependency claims of the wife and the parents. The usual consequential
orders are to apply.

59 I will hear parties on the issue of costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Available at
http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.LE00.FE.IN?display=graph and
http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/SP.DYN.LE00.MA.IN?display=graph.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

