Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd _v_ Hean Nerng Holdings Pte Ltd
and another  
[2012] SGHC 119

Case Number| :| Suit No 334 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  R Govintharasah and Noh Hamid (Gurbani & Co) for the
plaintiff; Daniel Koh and Lee Wei Yung (Eldan Law LLP) for the first
defendant; Chou Sean Yu and Loo Ee Lin (Wong Partnership LLP) for the second
defendant.  
Parties| :|  South East Enterprises (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Hean Nerng Holdings
Pte Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: In Civil Appeal No 74 of 2012, the appeal against the
first respondent was allowed and the appeal against the second respondent was
dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 8 March 2013. See [2013] SGCA 25.]

31 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case centres on the duties owed by the execution creditor and the court
bailiff to the execution debtor under a writ of seizure and sale. As such, it
also bears upon the relationship between the execution creditor who obtains
the writ of seizure and sale and the bailiff appointed to execute it. These
are the two interlocking underlying principles of law upon which the
plaintiff’s action now rests. The dispute began in February 2004, when the
plaintiff, who occupied three bays in the 1st defendant’s warehouse, ran into
arrears in rent and later failed to enter an appearance following service of
the 1st defendant’s writ of summons. Default judgment was entered and the 1st
defendant obtained a writ of seizure and sale (“the WSS”) to satisfy the
judgment debt.

2 The parties’ versions of events differ at this point. The defendants
maintain that only machine parts in the first two warehouse bays, designated
A2 and A3, were seized. The plaintiff asserts that machinery in a third bay,
A4, though not seized, were subsequently auctioned off. One would think that
this is a factual detail easily verifiable by cross-checking the Warehouse
Service Agreement, Notice of Seizure and Inventory (Form 94) and the sale
records, but neither the plaintiff[note: 1] nor the 2nd defendant, who as
bailiff conducted the actual seizure, drew up a list of the items stored in
the warehouse. Indeed, there is a fundamental dispute as to what exactly had
been stored in the three bays to begin with. Even the tonnage of the machinery
was not documented upon entry into the Warehouse Service Agreement, such that
a comparison between the weight of the machine parts stored and what was
eventually sold and delivered cannot be conducted. The only common ground is
that _some_ machine parts belonging to the plaintiff had been seized,
auctioned and subsequently on-sold to a Malaysian sawmill. The plaintiff’s
Managing Director, Mr Stanley Adam Zagrodnik (“Mr Zagrodnik”), has since
informed the court that the Malaysian sawmill is in possession of some machine
parts which were purportedly stored in A4 at the time of the execution of the
WSS.

3 This begs the question as to why a claim in conversion for the machine parts
in A4 is not also before the court. Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr R
Govintharasah (“Mr Govin”) was unable to provide me with a reason, except to
say, quite rightly, that he is bound by his pleadings. In any event, the issue
of whether a claim in conversion would have succeeded on points of both law
and fact is now academic since the plaintiff is presently time-barred from
commencing such an action. As a result, the plaintiff’s only remedy for
recovery of its machine parts or their equivalent value centres on the
propriety of the defendants’ conduct in the enforcement of the WSS.

Background

The Parties

4 The plaintiff is a general wholesaler and metal trader involved in the
import and export of wood panel and woodworking equipment. It is “basically
operated and managed personally”[note: 2] by Mr Zagrodnik. The 1st defendant
operated an open-air warehouse at 27 Jalan Buroh. On or about 17 February
2003, the plaintiff entered into a Warehouse Service Agreement with the 1st
defendant to store various machine parts in bays A2 and A3 at the premises for
a monthly fee of S$3,000[note: 3]. Shortly thereafter, a second agreement was
entered into on or about 31 March 2003 for the use of bay A4 for the same
purpose, bringing the total monthly rent to S$4,900[note: 4]. The 2nd
defendant was the court bailiff who executed the WSS. The background under
which the court bailiff was added as the 2nd defendant is explained at [19]
below.

5 It would be apposite at this point to describe these machine parts. There
were two sets of machine parts, one of which formed a plant for the
manufacture of wooden hard and soft-boards and the other for the manufacture
of wooden particle boards[note: 5]. Although Mr Zagrodnik furnished a full
list of machine parts for each plant in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
(“AEIC”), it appears that these machine parts were not enumerated in either
the Warehouse Service Agreement or in the letter granting the plaintiff
additional space at A4.

The purported agreement and subsequent seizure

6 On 9 February 2004, the 1st defendant brought an MC Suit[note: 6] against
the plaintiff for the sum of S$27, 940, this being the rental owed by the
plaintiff for occupation of the three bays. The plaintiff failed to enter
appearance in the MC Suit and on 5 March 2004, default judgment[note: 7] was
entered for the sum claimed, at an interest of 6% per annum and costs of
S$1,000.

7 I pause here to consider Mr Zagrodnik’s assertion that, after default
judgment had been entered, he met Mr Kelvin Lim, the Managing Director of the
1st defendant (“Kelvin”) and informed him that the particle board machinery
was due to be sold for over US$350,000 to a Pakistani buyer. Mr Zagrodnik
claims that they reached an oral agreement not to enforce the default judgment
so that the plaintiff would have time to complete the sale and satisfy any
outstanding arrears[note: 8]. It should be emphasised that the breach of this
purported agreement has not been included in the plaintiff’s pleadings. As
such, the substantive resolution of this case does not turn on whether the
plaintiff can establish such an agreement. Moreover, it is not the plaintiff’s
evidence that the 2nd defendant had been informed of this purported agreement,
so that no liability can be imputed to the latter even if Mr Zagrodnik’s
assertions are proved. However, the veracity of this agreement is nevertheless
relevant as it may offer a possible explanation for the plaintiff’s passivity
between March and July 2004, despite being served with the WSS.

8 Kelvin only accepts that Mr Zagrodnik had approached him and “asked for
indulgence”, but denies being informed of the machinery’s value or having
entered into an agreement not to enforce the judgment debt. His version of the
events is that he told Mr Zagrodnik to speak to the 1st defendant’s lawyers
instead[note: 9]. I see no reason to doubt Kelvin’s account. In the context of
Mr Zagrodnik’s persistent failure to make payment on the outstanding storage
rent, it is highly improbable that Kelvin would accede to a postponement
without even seeing proof of any agreement with the Pakistani buyer. It should
also be borne in mind that Kelvin had earlier agreed to allow the plaintiff to
pay back the arrears in instalments, _provided_ Mr Zagrodnik signs a personal
Letter of Undertaking prepared by the 1st defendant’s solicitors to pay the
arrears[note: 10]. However, Mr Zagrodnik failed to do so. This renders it all
the more unlikely that Kelvin would, having already obtained default judgment
in the 1st defendant’s favour, then reverse his position and agree to a wholly
informal and indefinite postponement for the benefit of the plaintiff.
Similarly, it is incongruous that Mr Zagrodnik made no effort to formalize
this purported agreement despite the fact that the 1st defendant had every
reason to exercise its rights under the WSS. In addition, Mr Zagrodnik’s
account fails to provide basic details such as the duration of the agreed
postponement and the eventual terms of payment. Indeed, it will be seen at
[62] below that Mr Zagrodnik, under cross-examination, had prevaricated as to
when exactly the agreement took place. These considerations all militate
against the probity of Mr Zagrodnik’s assertions, and I am compelled to
conclude that the plaintiff has failed to satisfy its burden of proof in
relation to the purported oral agreement.

9 The 1st defendant filed the Praecipe for Writ of Seizure and Sale[note: 11]
on 19 March 2004 for a total sum of S$29,771.57. It was at this point that
certain procedural anomalies arose. In the Praecipe for Writ of Seizure and
Sale, the 1st defendant’s solicitors listed the plaintiff’s “registered
office” at 47 Beach Road as well as their “place of business” at 27 Jalan
Buroh, without specifying at which location the WSS was to be executed. This
is also the case with the WSS issued to the bailiff[note: 12]. However, in
another document filed on the same day simply titled “Praecipe”, the 1st
defendant’s solicitors mention only the plaintiff’s registered office at 47
Beach Road[note: 13]. In this document, they also requested the Registrar not
to inform the plaintiff of the execution date.

10 On 23 March 2004, the bailiff’s office sent a General Notice to the
plaintiff’s office at 47 Beach Road, stating that the WSS would be executed
“at this address”[note: 14]. Six days later, on 29 March 2004, the bailiff’s
office informed the 1st defendant in writing that it was to accompany the
bailiff “to the place of execution at **_47 BEACH ROAD_** ”[note: 15]. The 1st
defendant then wrote to the bailiff’s office requesting the place of execution
to be changed to 27 Jalan Buroh instead of 47 Beach Road[note: 16]. A second
letter was then sent to the 1st defendant specifying that it was to accompany
the bailiff to 27 Jalan Buroh[note: 17]. A second General Notice was, however,
not sent to the plaintiff prior to the execution of the WSS. It would,
therefore, appear that the plaintiff was not specifically told that its
property at 27 Jalan Buroh would be seized. Having said that, Mr Zagrodnik,
under cross-examination, admitted that he was aware of the WSS which was
served at the 47 Beach Road office address. It should also be noted that there
is no provision in the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Chapter 322, Section
80) Rules of Court (“Rules of Court”) requiring the bailiff’s office to issue
a General Notice to the execution debtor prior to the date of seizure.

11 The WSS was executed on 11 May 2004. The 2nd defendant was accompanied by a
representative of the 1st defendant, Mr Eugene Lim Chang Chye (who has since
left the employment of the 1st defendant) (“Eugene”). Eugene handed the 2nd
defendant a letter of indemnity[note: 18] and pointed out the machine parts
which were to be seized[note: 19]. It is the 2nd defendant’s evidence that he
only seized the machine parts in A2 and A3. Two other employees of the 1st
defendant were also present at the warehouse, a security guard simply referred
to as “John” and Mr Yeo Hock Heng (“Mr Yeo”), who corroborates the 2nd
defendant’s account[note: 20]. Under cross-examination, the 2nd defendant
further particularized his description, testifying that the machine parts
seized occupied only a “quarter”, the “extreme right portion”, of the two
bays. Whilst he inspected the machine parts, the 2nd defendant appraised them
to be worth S$15,000. When questioned, he explained that he had arrived at
this figure, first, by keeping in mind that items worth more than S$2,000
would have to be sold by public auction and, second, by a lay evaluation of
the items. I would also add that this was the 2nd defendant’s first experience
with seizure of machinery.

12 After being told by two workers at the warehouse that the machinery in A2
and A3 were “mesin potong kayu” or “machines for cutting timber”, the 2nd
defendant filled up the Inventory of items seized as “all machineries and
parts of timber at lot A2 to A3 (inside)”[note: 21]. He testified at the trial
that by “machineries and parts of timber” he meant “machines to cut timber”,
and that he pasted seals on parts of all the machinery seized at A2 and A3. At
the end of this process, the 2nd defendant then went to look for Eugene at a
container office situated on the premises. There, the 2nd defendant left the
Notice of Seizure and Inventory (Form 94)[note: 22], as well as a General
Notice addressed to the plaintiff at 27 Jalan Buroh[note: 23], with Eugene and
told him that they were for the plaintiff[note: 24].

The sale

13 The first Notice of Sale was issued on 24 May 2004[note: 25], setting the
auction date on 9 June 2004. The 2nd defendant went to the warehouse and
handed a copy of this Notice to the security guard. He also posted a copy of
the Notice on the notice board at the Registry of the Subordinate Courts. On
26 May 2004, Kiong Chai Woon and Company Pte Ltd was appointed as the
auctioneer. The advertisement of the auction sale was to be published on 7
June 2004 but the publishers failed to do so and the advertisement ran two
days late, on 9 June 2004. As a result, a new Notice of Sale was issued on 7
June 2004[note: 26] specifying that the auction would be held on 11 June 2004
at 3 pm. This second Notice was also handed to the warehouse security guard
and posted on the Registry notice board at the Subordinate Courts[note: 27].

14 The auction was held at the warehouse on 11 June 2004 and the seized
machine parts were sold for S$51,500 to the highest bidder, Kim Hock
Corporation Pte Ltd (“Kim Hock”). Kim Hock arranged for the machine parts to
be stored at the warehouse until on or about 22 July 2004. Its Managing
Director, Mr Lim Kim Hock (“Mr Lim”), who has 40 years of experience in the
scrap metal and machinery business, examined the machine parts on the day of
the auction. His view was that they were timber-related machinery but were too
old and rusty to be used. He therefore assessed the scrap metal value of the
machine parts as about S$50,000, based on their weight[note: 28].

15 The sold machine parts were then stored temporarily at the warehouse until
Kim Hock arranged for their transfer to its premises on or about 22 July
2004[note: 29]. It should be noted that from June 2004 onwards, bay A2 had
been leased to another company, Vigour Technologies Ltd (“Vigour”), for
storage of their goods[note: 30]. After the machine parts were moved out of
the bays, Vigour took over A2. There was some dispute as to the exact date on
which Vigour entered into occupation of A2. In a letter dated 10 September
2004[note: 31], Mr Albert Yeo of Vigour wrote to Mr Zagrodnik informing him
that, according to their records, they took possession of A2 on 15 April 2004
based on the commencement date of the payment of the rental. Mr Yeo, however,
agreed under cross-examination that he does not have any personal knowledge as
to when Vigour actually commenced occupation of bay A2. In cross-examination
Kelvin clarified that Vigour’s goods were stored in a temporary area until Kim
Hock moved the seized machinery out of bay A2.

16 Shortly after, Kim Hock on-sold the machine parts to a business associate,
Mr Lau Swee Nguong (“Mr Lau”). The machine parts are, to this day, still at Mr
Lau’s premises at Hua Seng Sawmill Sdn Bhd (“Hua Seng”) in Sibu, Sarawak[note:
32]. They remain unassembled.

Procedural history

17 Around 5 July 2004, Mr Zagrodnik visited the warehouse with a Pakistani
business associate, Mr Mushtaq (the Managing Director of Best Chipboard
Industries (“Best Chipboard”)), to inspect the machine parts[note: 33]. His
evidence is that he immediately noticed that “several pieces of machinery”
were missing. The next day, he confronted Eugene about the missing machine
parts. Eugene purportedly denied any knowledge of their whereabouts[note: 34].
Mr Zagrodnik claims that he was only appraised of the seizure when the duty
security guard handed him some documents consisting of the Notice of Seizure
and Inventory and Notice of Sale[note: 35]. It would appear that Mr Zagrodnik
did not previously receive the second General Notice issued by the 2nd
defendant.

18 The plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the 1st defendant on 9 July 2004
claiming that the 1st defendant’s re-entry into the leased premises at A2 to
A3 was wrongful and constituted a trespass[note: 36]. On or around 21 July
2004, Mr Zagrodnik also made a police report against the 1st defendant,
claiming that there were eight missing items from the premises worth about
S$97,000[note: 37].

19 The plaintiff then applied to set aside the Default Judgment and the WSS.
This was dismissed by the Deputy Registrar, whose decision was affirmed on
appeal by both the District Court and, on 3 February 2005, the High Court.
More than four years after the High Court’s decision and five years after the
execution of the WSS, the plaintiff commenced the present suit on 17 April
2009 against the 1st defendant and the “Bailiff, Subordinate Courts of
Singapore”. The plaintiff later amended its claim to replace the latter with
the Attorney-General, but this action was successfully struck out pursuant to
s 6(3) of the Government Proceedings Act (Cap 121). In September 2009, the
High Court upheld the decision to strike out the claim against the Attorney-
General. The plaintiff then obtained leave to name the bailiff who executed
the WSS, Mr Sapuan Sanadi, as the 2nd defendant.

The Claims

Plaintiff’s case

20 Stated briefly, the plaintiff’s case is that the WSS was executed
negligently and in breach of the 2nd defendant’s statutory duty. Embedded
within this is the proposition that the 2nd defendant, as court bailiff, acted
as the agent of the 1st defendant, such that the latter is vicariously liable
for the former’s negligence. The particulars of this claim can be further
deconstructed into the following alleged breaches presented in chronological
order:

(a) Inadequate Notice of Seizure as the 2nd defendant left the relevant
documents at the 1st defendant’s premises and in the hands of their employees.

(b) Failure to sufficiently particularize the seized machinery.

(c) Excessive seizure as the value of the seized machinery far exceeded the
judgment debt.

(d) Failure to publish an adequate advertisement which described the true
nature of the seized machinery, so as to attract the attention of appropriate
buyers.

(e) Inadequate Notice of Sale as the 2nd defendant left the relevant documents
at the 1st defendant’s premises, in the hands of their employees, and failed
to allow seven days to expire before the actual sale on 11 June 2004, as
required under O 46 r 23 of the Rules of Court.

(g) Sale of machinery in A4 which had not been seized pursuant to the WSS.

(h) Failure to sell the seized machinery at the best possible price.

21 The plaintiff asserts that the actual market value of the two seized
machinery amounted to S$1,224,294.50, this being the combined value of, first,
a 28 February 2001 contract with Ngan Linh TNHH Ltd (“Ngan Linh”) for the sale
of the hard and soft-board plant and, second, a 8 May 2004 contract with Best
Chipboard for the particle board plant. On the back of these two purported
contracts, the plaintiff is claiming loss and damage of S$1,174,999.48[note:
38].

The Defence

22 In essence, the 2nd defendant’s defence is that s 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act confers a statutory immunity upon the bailiff unless it can be
shown that he had _knowingly_ acted in excess of authority. Further, it is his
position that _actual_ , as opposed to constructive, knowledge is needed to
satisfy this test to deprive him of his statutory immunity.

23 The 1st defendant’s defence is that the bailiff is a public functionary who
does not act as the agent of the execution creditor. As such, any breach on
the part of the 2nd defendant does not represent a breach by the 1st
defendant. Further, the 1st defendant contends that it does not owe any
independent duty of care to the plaintiff in respect of the acts and omissions
complained of. Finally, even if such a duty is found, it is contended that the
loss suffered by the plaintiff must be based on the scrap metal value of the
machinery and cannot be computed at S$1,174,999.48.

Whether the bailiff acts as an agent of the execution creditor

24 It is fitting to begin by determining whether the liability, if any, of the
two co-defendants should be taken in tandem or if their conduct should be
discretely assessed. Unfortunately, the precise nature of the relationship
between an execution creditor and the bailiff is not entirely clear. The
available authorities do not provide a readily unequivocal answer.

25 The issue was considered by Judicial Commissioner Choo Han Teck (as he then
was) in _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee v Far East Square_ [2001] 3 SLR(R) 651 (“ _Heng_
_Chyu_ _Kee_ ”), a case which concerned the liability in negligence of a
landlord who took out a writ of distress. Choo JC opined at [5] that, “when
the movables are being distrained, the landlord must ensure that the bailiff,
who is deemed to be his agent in this regard, affixes the court’s seal on each
of the movables to be distrained.” Taken on its own, it is unclear whether
this agency relationship arises only specifically in relation to the act of
affixing the court’s seal or if Choo JC intended this to stand for a more
general agency relationship between the bailiff and the landlord in the
execution of a writ of distress. It should be highlighted at the outset that
the bailiff was not added as a defendant in _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_. In the
context of the entire decision, however, it is apparent that the court
proceeded on the basis that the negligence of the landlord, who was the sole
defendant, could be constituted by the acts of the bailiff. The landlord was
found to be negligent for failing to: a) ensure that the value of the goods
seized by the bailiff did not exceed the debt; b) identify the goods seized by
affixing the court seal on them; c) give adequate notice of the sale; d)
ensure that only the seized items were sold; and e) ensure that the purchaser
took away only the items purchased. It appears from the decision in _Heng_
_Chyu_ _Kee_ that Choo JC _assumed_ that the bailiff acts as the agent of the
judgment creditor under the distress procedure. No authorities were cited, nor
was there any exposition as to the basis for this conclusion. Further, there
is nothing in the decision to indicate that this proposition was even disputed
by the landlord. Upon examining the pleadings in _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_ , I have
noted that the plaintiff alleged that “the Bailiff, acting in pursuant [_sic_]
of the authority and instruction of the Defendant as aforesaid” had seized her
goods. In response, the defendant did not deny this in its defence but instead
insisted that the distress had been properly executed.

26 There is, however, clear local authority which appears to be at odds with
the position adopted in _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_. In _Curtis v Metro-Goldwin-Meyer
(Oriental) Inc_ [1930] SSLR 5 (“ _Curtis_ ”), the Straits Settlements Supreme
Court held after a survey of English authorities that:

I gather from these authorities that when the sheriff acts under a valid writ
of execution as in our case, he and his officers’ and agents’ acts are the
acts of the Court, and _he is in no sense the servant or agent of the
execution-creditor who merely sets the Court in motion._ If the execution-
creditor does not mislead the sheriff, and takes into such active part in the
actual execution as to identify himself with any wrongful acts of the sheriff
or his officers or agents committed in the course of the execution of the
writ, then he is not liable or responsible for such wrongful acts.

[emphasis added]

27 An examination of the English authorities on this subject, however, gives
cause to proceed with some caution. There are cases pointing in either
direction. In _Re Caidan_ [1942] 1 Ch 90 (“ _Re Caidan_ ”), Morton J adopted
the following view:

In my view the bailiff distrains merely in the capacity of an agent for the
person levying the distress. This is so stated in Halsbury's Laws of England,
Hailsham ed., vol. x., p. 493, and I see no reason to doubt that the statement
is correct. Further, from a practical point of view, I cannot conceive that
the intention of the legislature by this sub-section was to treat the bailiff
as being the person who has distrained in every case in which a bailiff was
employed for the purpose. If that were the intention of the section, the
result in the present case would, I suppose, be - as Mr. Burt submitted - that
the bailiff, having got goods in his hands which were subject to a charge by
reason of the receiving order, would be personally liable for having sold the
goods, received the proceeds, and paid them to the respondents. I cannot think
that that was the intention. In my view, the "landlord or other person"
referred to in the sub-section is the principal on whose instructions the
distress is levied and not the agent through whom the distress is actually
carried out.

28 This is to be contrasted with the more measured approach of Walton J in _Re
A Debtor_ (No 2 of 1977) [1979] 1 WLR 956 (“ _Re A Debtor_ ”), in which Lord
Cranworth LC’s dicta in _Hooper v Lane_ (1857) 6 HL Case 443 (“ _Hooper_ ”)
was cited:

For, in truth, the sheriff in such a situation is not simply an agent for the
judgment creditor; he has much wider responsibilities, which now include
duties toward the Official Receiver or trustee in bankruptcy. Compare what was
said by Lord Cranworth L.C. in Hooper v. Lane (1857) 6 H.L.Cas. 443. 549-550:
"But the answer is, that the sheriff, though for some purposes an agent of the
party who puts the writ into his hands, is not a mere agent. He is a public
functionary, having indeed duties to perform towards those who set him in
motion analogous, in many respects, to those of an agent towards his
principal; but he has also duties towards others, and particularly towards
those against whom the writs in his hands are directed.

29 These two cases are counter-balanced by the decision of Evershed MR in
_Barclays Bank v Roberts_ [1954] 3 All ER 107 (“ _Barclays Bank_ ”), applying
the longstanding authority of _Williams v Williams & Nathan_ [1937] 2 All ER
559 (“ _Williams_ ”), wherein Greer LJ held at [2] that:

... I think it is clear to demonstration, from the case that has been cited of
Woollen v Wright[note: 39] and other cases, and from a well known rule of law,
that a sheriff and a sheriff’s officer, executing a judgment of the court, are
acting, as one may say, on behalf of the court. _Each is doing his duty as an
officer of the court, and is not a servant or agent of the plaintiff who has
recovered judgment in the action_. Of course, there may be circumstances which
show that the plaintiff by intervention had made the sheriff his agent to do
something which was not covered by the judgment, or by the writ of
execution... But, in my view, there is no evidence justifying any finding as
to the special direction given to the sheriff or the sheriff’s officer which
might make the sheriff or the sheriff’s officer the agent of the defendant
Williams, the landlord.

[emphasis added]

30 It appears from _Williams_ that the bailiff might be regarded as the agent
of the judgment creditor in limited circumstances when the execution creditor
“intervenes” to require the bailiff to do something which is not covered in
the writ of execution. In _Barclays Bank v Roberts_ , Evershed MR provided the
following analysis as to what _intervention_ is required for an agency
relationship to arise:

As a matter of principle, it seems to me impossible that the character and
quality of their actions were entirely altered because they sought advice and
then chose to act upon that advice (as it was, no doubt, expected that they
would). The responsibility for acting on the advice they sought and received
was their responsibility. They cannot, in my judgment, be converted into the
agents of the persons on whose behalf the advisers were acting – whether that
person was the landlord or a stranger to the property in question – _unless at
the very least it were shown that the sheriff’s officers made it plain that
their subsequent actions were only undertaken on the basis of that other
person assuming responsibility therefor_...

[emphasis added]

31 On this line of authority, a principal-agent relationship only arises if
the “character and quality” of the bailiff’s conduct has been altered by the
execution creditor. To establish this, the execution creditor must first
assume responsibility for the bailiff’s actions and the bailiff must then act
plainly on the former’s instructions. In _Williams_ , it was held that the
execution creditor must give the bailiff some “special direction”.

32 It need only be mentioned in passing that these cases were not cited in
_Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_. It leaves me to consider this question afresh, given that
the relevant authorities have now been presented for the court’s
consideration.

33 The case which most unreservedly supports the agency proposition is _Re
Caidan_ , but the standing of this decision must now be discounted given that
Morton J was content to rely heavily on what was stated in the 2nd edition of
Halsbury’s Laws of England, without more. The 4th edition was scrutinised in
the later case of _Re A Debtor_ and found to be inaccurate:

What was the sum owing to the creditor on May 31? Mr. Evans-Lombe put the
matter very simply and attractively. He said that the sheriff was the agent of
the creditor to accept payments made to him, citing _Halsbury’s Laws of
England_ , 4th ed. (1976), vol. 17, para. 492, entitled “Execution,” which
reads:

“Payment to sheriff. The sheriff has authority from the judgment creditor to
receive the amount to be levied, and can give a discharge. If payment or
tender is made, he must withdraw from possession, and if no payment is made,
he must, after seizure, proceed at once to prepare for sale.”

He cited the two cases therein referred to, namely _Rook v. Wilmot_ (1590)
Cro.Eliz.209, and _Taylor v. Baker_ (1677) Freem. K.B. 453. However, upon
examination those two cases did not appear to establish the precise
proposition for which they were cited...

34 The remaining authorities on this subject are generally agreed that the
bailiff is a servant of the court and acts on behalf of the court, but they
set different thresholds for situations wherein he can also be regarded as an
agent of the execution creditor. The _Re A Debtor_ and _Hooper_ sequence of
cases is vague in its analysis, going only so far as to establish that the
bailiff is the execution creditor’s agent “for some purposes” and is “not
simply an agent” but has “wider responsibilities”. The line of cases from
_Woollen v Wright_ and _Williams_ through to _Barclays Bank_ offers a more
coherent position where the bailiff will only step into the role of an agent
if there has been some “special direction” or “assumption of responsibility”
by the execution creditor. The specific propositions which emerge from these
cases are that the bailiff is not an agent where he receives payment of the
judgment debt from the execution debtor (_Re A Debtor_), wrongly seizes the
property of a non-party (_Woollen v Wright_), or wrongfully evicts a tenant
(_Williams_ ; _Barclays Bank_).

35 On the whole, the position in English law is that the bailiff, being a
public functionary, is not _by default_ an agent of the execution creditor who
puts the writ of seizure and sale in his hands _unless_ there are special
instructions from the latter which are subsequently accepted by the bailiff.
Apart from this, the bailiff is to have regard to the interests and
instructions of the execution creditor only insofar as it is compatible with
his public duty (see _Re Cook_ (1894) 63 LJ QB 756). In this regard, _Curtis_
remains good law and should be applied in preference over _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_
, wherein the court did not have the benefit of being referred to the relevant
authorities. It has been suggested by counsel for both the 1st and 2nd
defendants, Mr Daniel Koh and Mr Chou Sean Yu respectively, that _Heng_ _Chyu_
_Kee_ can be distinguished as it concerned the improper execution of a writ of
distress as distinct from a WSS. In English law, the remedy of distress is a
rare self-help remedy which permits the landlord to immediately seize and sell
the goods of a tenant in arrears. Lord Denning described it as “an archaic
remedy which has largely fallen into disuse” in _Abingdon Rural District
Council v O’Gorman_ [1968] 2 QB 811 at 819. Until this common law right was
abolished by s 71 of the Tribunals, Courts and Enforcement Act 2007, the
position in England was that a landlord need not seek a court order before
levying distress so long as the affected tenancy was not protected by the Rent
Acts. In this context, the bailiff who executes distress on behalf of the
landlord can less controversially be viewed as the latter’s agent. Indeed it
goes some length to explain the divergence between _Re Caidan_ and the other
cited English authorities. However, this does not afford a ready basis to
distinguish _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_. The operation of distress in Singapore is
governed by the Distress Act (Cap 84, 1996 Rev Ed) which requires a court to
issue a writ of distress before it can be levied. In _Ginsin Holdings Pte Ltd
v Tan Mui_ _Khoon (trading as Chan Eng Soon Service) and another_ [1996] 3
SLR(R) 500, Judith Prakash J examined the operation of distress in Singapore
against its historical development in England and reached the following
conclusion:

14 There has been no change in the legal position since _Chop Chye_ _Hin_
_Chong v Ng Yeok Seng_ was decided. Under the Act which in its original form
as Ordinance 28 of 1934 was the successor to the Civil Procedure Code 1907 and
is not substantively different from that Code, distress is a remedy which is
obtained only after judicial intervention. It is not a self-help remedy as in
England. Accordingly, although the Act follows the Code in not providing
compensation for wrongful or illegal distress, an aggrieved tenant cannot fall
back on the common law remedy of an action for damages _per se_. Instead he
has to bring an action for malicious prosecution.

36 The processes involved in obtaining and executing a writ of distress (as in
_Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_) are therefore broadly similar to those of a writ of
execution (as in _Curtis_ and the present case). Consistent with this
understanding, O 46 r 16 of the Rules of Court governs both writ of execution
and distress. Insofar as the issue is one of whether the bailiff acts as an
agent of the person who took out the writ, the same considerations and
principles are traversable whether it is a writ of distress or execution.

37 In my view, the bailiff is not, by default, viewed as the agent of the
execution creditor and the onus is upon the party who argues otherwise to
establish either that special instructions were issued or that there had been
intervention by the execution creditor, such as to render the bailiff his
agent.

Did the 1st defendant specially instruct the bailiff?

38 There is no evidence that the 1st defendant had issued any special
instructions to the bailiff, apart from the fact that Eugene had directed the
2nd defendant to seize the machine parts at A2 and A3. Further, it cannot be
said that the 2nd defendant acted under the special instructions of the 1st
defendant merely by accepting the letter of indemnity. While agents are
typically indemnified, the converse statement – that whomsoever indemnified is
typically an agent – is not necessarily true. An agent is “invested with a
legal power to alter his principal’s legal relations with third persons”[note:
40], but the provision of an indemnity does not, without more, also carry with
it such a power. The indemnity is a standard requirement that the bailiff
would require from any execution creditor and there is nothing to indicate
that the 2nd defendant had conducted himself any differently as a result of
the specific indemnity provided by the 1st defendant. In other words,
following Megarry VC in _Barclays Bank_ , it cannot be said that the
“character and quality of their actions were entirely altered” by the
provision of the indemnity. Further, applying the standard set out in _Curtis_
, the 1st defendant did not “mislead” the 2nd defendant or take such “active
part” in the actual execution as to identify itself with any wrongful acts of
the latter.

39 The inexorable conclusion which must be drawn is that no relationship of
agency arose in the present case between the two co-defendants.

Statutory immunity of the bailiff

40 The key defence of the 2nd defendant rests on s 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act that protects him from any liability unless he knowingly acted in
excess of authority. The provision is set out here in full:

(2) No officer of a subordinate court charged with the duty of executing any
writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other mandatory process of the
subordinate courts shall be liable to be sued for the execution of or
attempting to execute such writ, summons, warrant, order, notice or other
mandatory process, or in respect of any damage caused to any property in
effecting or attempting to effect execution, _unless he knowingly acted in
excess of the authority_ conferred upon him by such writ, summons, warrant,
order, notice or other mandatory process of the court in question.

[emphasis added]

41 There are two issues which arise from s 68(2):

(a)

whether actual knowledge is required to establish that the bailiff knowingly
acted in excess of authority; and

(b)

whether s 68(2) overrides the common law duty.

42 I proceed now to consider these issues.

Whether actual knowledge is required to establish that the bailiff knowingly
acted in excess of authority

43 The determination of this issue is a prerequisite to the assessment of the
2nd defendant’s liability. The plaintiff’s position is that constructive
knowledge, “in the sense of recklessness as in turning a blind eye to the risk
of loss or damage”[note: 41], would suffice to remove the bailiff’s statutory
immunity. The 2nd defendant contends that the test is a subjective one, such
that the plaintiff must demonstrate that the 2nd defendant had _actual_
knowledge that he was acting in excess of authority. However, Mr Chou accepted
that there are no reported cases on the state of knowledge required to engage
the exception in s 68(2)[note: 42]. The court must therefore apply general
principles of statutory interpretation to determine whether only _actual_
knowledge is sufficient to displace the bailiff’s statutory immunity.

44 On the face of it, s 68(2) serves the clear purpose of protecting officers
of the Subordinate Courts from facing onerous civil liabilities in performing
their tasks in the execution of court processes. The subjective test would
fall squarely in line with this objective. Further, this gives the wording of
the statute its natural and ordinary meaning because the default position is
that the officers of the Subordinate Courts, including the bailiff, are _not
liable_ for damage in the course of performing their judicial tasks. The onus
is on the claimant to prove that the relevant officer had knowingly acted in
excess of his authority in order to remove the statutory immunity. Mr Govin
accepts that mere negligence is not sufficient to displace the statutory
immunity.

45 On the one hand, it can be said that the subjective test would be more in
keeping with the statutory objective to protect officers of the Subordinate
Courts in the performance of their duties. On the other hand, it can also be
persuasively argued that the subjective interpretation, taken to its logical
extension, will grant officers an extensive immunity which might protect even
egregious instances of excess of authority against civil action. A more
objective standard might perhaps signal the legislature’s intention to uphold
standards of professional conduct whilst still protecting officers of the
Subordinate Courts from legal harassment. However, such a purposive
interpretation strains the natural meaning of “knowingly” by incepting the
legal concept of constructive knowledge into the term.

46 Adopting a subjective test does not, however, mean that the 2nd defendant
will only be deprived of his statutory immunity if it can be shown that he
actually knew he was exceeding his authority. It is the common position in
criminal law that a defendant who wilfully shuts his eyes to the commission of
an offence will also satisfy the _mens_ _rea_ requirement of subjective
knowledge. In _Awtar Singh s/o Margar Singh v Public Prosecutor_[2000] 2
SLR(R) 435, Yong CJ developed the following exposition of wilful blindness at
[50]:

The upshot of these cases is that actual knowledge of certain facts can be
inferred from the evidence that the defendant had deliberately or wilfully
shut his eyes to the obvious or that he had refrained from inquiry because he
suspected the truth but did not want to have his suspicion confirmed. Where
the facts obviously pointed to one result, and the accused must have
appreciated it but shut his eyes to the truth, then together with the other
evidence adduced, it could have formed a very compelling part of the evidence
to infer the requisite guilty knowledge:  _Chiaw Wai Onn v PP_ [[1997] 2
SLR(R) 233]_.__However, it has to be remembered that there is a vast
difference between a state of mind which consists of deliberately shutting the
eyes to the obvious, the result of which a person does not care to have, and a
state of mind which is merely neglecting to make inquiries which a reasonable
and prudent man would make_ :_PP v Koo_ _Pui Fong_ [[1996] 1 SLR(R) 734].

[emphasis added]

47 The criminal law treats actual knowledge and wilful blindness as legal
equivalents. However, it must be emphasised that they are not substantively
the same – actual knowledge is a subjective mental state, whereas wilful
blindness is an objective evidential tool for establishing such a mental state
(see _Public Prosecutor_ v _Lim Boon Hiong and another_ [2010] 4 SLR 696 at
[55]).

48 In the civil context, the House of Lords undertook a comprehensive
investigation into the meaning of acting “knowingly” in excess of authority in
_Three Rivers DC v Bank of England (No 3)_ [2003] 2 AC 1. This case is of
particular relevance given that it also concerns the culpable mental state of
a public officer, albeit in the context of a common law tort instead of
statutory immunity. More importantly, the ingredients of the tort of
misfeasance in public office are broadly similar to the requirements set out
in s 68 for the displacement of the bailiff’s statutory immunity. Lord Steyn
described the tort as follows, at p 191:

The case law reveals two different forms of liability for misfeasance in
public office. First there is the case of targeted malice by a public
officer... The second form is where a public officer acts knowing that he has
no power to do the act complained of and that the act will probably injure the
plaintiff. It involves bad faith inasmuch as the public officer does not have
an honest belief that his act is lawful.

49 The House of Lords concluded that “knowing” includes both situations of
actual knowledge as well as subjective recklessness or reckless indifference.
The plaintiff’s argument that objective recklessness, wherein the defendant
recklessly failed to even think about an obvious risk, should be sufficient to
attract liability was rejected. It was also thought that this represented the
appropriate balance between the competing policy considerations of combating
abuse of public power and preventing unmeritorious claims against public
officers (_per_ Lord Steyn at p 196).

50 On the whole, I see no compelling reasons for extending the meaning of
“knowingly” beyond the elements of actual knowledge and wilful blindness. The
common thread between these elements is that the bailiff must have at least
addressed his mind to whether he is exceeding his authority, as opposed to
situations where the bailiff was wholly ignorant or simply failed to give the
matter any thought at all. Importing notions of constructive or objective
knowledge necessarily derogates from the mental cognisance which is inherently
denoted by the term “knowingly”. It also detracts from the purpose of s 68 by
potentially opening the door to claims against court officers for _negligent_
performance of their duties. Any introduction of objective standards
necessarily structures the administration of these public duties by increasing
the vulnerability of court officers to civil litigation. As for whether the
subjective standard of reckless indifference will suffice to displace the
bailiff’s statutory immunity and whether it is any different from wilful
blindness, I am disinclined to make a finding on this issue without the
benefit of submissions from counsel and, in any event, it is unnecessary for
the determination of the present case. I add only that the _mens_ _rea_
requirements of actual knowledge and wilful blindness, whilst stringent, would
still capture instances where the bailiff acts egregiously outside of his
authority.

Whether s 68(2) overrides the common law duty

51 There is judicial authority that bailiffs owe a common law duty of care to
the execution debtor, as distinct from their statutory obligations under O 46
of the Rules of Court. Apart from the dicta of Lord Cranworth in _Hooper_ (see
[29] above) to this effect, there is also the case of _S Louis Pillay v AS
Nadasan_ [1922] FMSLR 100 (“ _Pillay_ ”). In his judgment, Woodward JC opined
that:

...The duties of the bailiff are in some respects analogous to those of the
sheriff under English Law and in Bevan on Negligence, Vol. 1, p. 269, occurs
the following passage:

So long as the sheriff is in possession of the goods of the debtor, he is
bound to exercise the same degree of care in their preservation that a man of
ordinary discretion and judgment may reasonably be expected to exercise in
regard to his own property. He does not insure the goods, but is in the
position of an ordinary bailor for the purposes of custody and sale. He is
very nearly in the case of a del credere agent-the keeper and the seller of
goods with an obligation to guarantee the sale, and a lien on the proceeds to
secure his compensation-and is consequently, subject to the same rule of care
and liability. That is he is not liable for an accidental fire, nor yet for
loss by theft, robbery or other accident, without want of ordinary care on his
part.

And on page 278 the same learned author on the subject of public servants
refers with approval to the law as laid down in the American case of Jenner
_v._ Joliffe:

“In every case where an officer is entrusted by the common law or by statute,
an action lies against him for a neglect of the duty of his office, or as was
said in Barry  _v._ Arnand: The defendant then is a public ministered officer,
and being so he is responsible for neglect of his duty to any individual who
sustains damage by such neglect."

And with regard to the degree of care demanded from public servants, the
author writes:

“What amount of care constitutes negligence in these cases? It would seem that
the assumption of an office implies a representation that the holder possesses
the qualifications for efficient performance of its duties. The amount of care
necessary consequently varies with the greater or less complexity of the
duties of the office. The officer must show that diligence which a
conscientious and capable man versed in the duties of the particular office,
is expected to show in the performance of them.”

The degree of care required by section 255 may be a higher degree than this,
but can hardly be a lower one...

52 Given that the bailiff owes a common law duty of care to the execution
debtor, the question arises whether s 68(2) operates to protect him from any
breach of this duty. In this regard, it appears to be the general position in
England and the United States that liability in tort is subject to express
statutory provisions conferring immunity on a judicial officer. In _Observer
Ltd v Gordon_ [1983] 1 WLR 1008, the defendant sheriff was accused of wrongful
seizure of another’s goods pursuant to a bankruptcy petition. Under s 15 of
the Bankruptcy and Deeds of Arrangement Act 1913, the sheriff had a defence
unless he had notice that the goods belonged to another, or if it would have
been reasonable for him to make inquiries that might have ascertained that the
goods were so owned. There was also a well-established common law doctrine,
following _Neumann v Bakeaway Ltd_ [1983] 1 WLR 1016, that the sheriff would
be liable if the seized goods were sold at a gross undervalue. The following
passage from Glidewell J’s judgment at 1016 supports the view that the
statutory defence takes precedence:

Is there then evidence that the goods have been sold at a gross undervalue? If
I had not found for the sheriff on the statutory defence I would not have
found myself able to say that either Mr. Cranfield or Mr. Parsons did not have
an arguable case. In other words, I would have said that on the common law
defence the order “no action” should not have been made against them. Their
evidence as to value might persuade a court that the goods were sold at a
gross undervalue; it is not for me, of course, to decide that it would so
convince a court...

53 In addition, there are several United States cases which establish the same
position in relation to the Illinois Local Governmental and Governmental
Employees Tort Immunity Act (745 Ill Comp Stat 10) (“Tort Immunity Act”). Two
cases will suffice to illustrate the application of this jurisprudence.

54 Section 2-202 of the Tort Immunity Act provides that “[a] public employee
is not liable for his act or omission in the execution or enforcement of any
law unless such act or omission constitutes wilful and wanton conduct”. The
District Court in _Hogan v Smith_ , SD Ill, 2012, 2012 WL 1435402 held that
negligence of police officers in a high-speed car chase was not actionable as
it did not amount to wilful and wanton conduct.

55 Similarly, s 5/105 of the Tort Immunity Act extends immunity to any “injury
caused by the negligent operation of a motor vehicle or firefighting or rescue
equipment, when responding to an emergency call, including transportation of a
person to a medical facility.” In _Carter v Simpson_ , 328 F 3d 948, a police
officer was driving a patrol car to respond to a call of reported death. The
officer was alleged to have negligently collided with the plaintiff’s car. The
United States Court of Appeals for the 7th Circuit held that the officer had
“immunity for any alleged negligence on his part” (at 951) except for what was
expressly provided in the statute, _ie_ , wilful or wanton conduct.

56 It would appear from my review of English and United States cases that the
common law duty of care is expressly subject to s 68(2) of the Subordinate
Courts Act, such that the bailiff’s statutory immunity must be disabled before
any tortious liability can be engaged.

Did the bailiff knowingly act in excess of authority?

57 Each allegation will be separately examined in turn. It will be apparent
that the 2nd defendant did not in fact act in excess of authority, let alone
_knowingly_ act in excess of such authority.

Inadequate notice of seizure

58 The bailiff’s duties as to notification of the execution debtor are set out
in O 46 r 16 of the 1997 edition of the Rules of Court:

(1) Where any movable property is seized by the Sheriff under a writ of
execution or distress, he must give to the execution debtor a notice of
seizure in Form 94, and a copy of the notice must be filed.

(2) Where the Sheriff removes from a place any movable property that is
seized, he must give to the execution debtor at the time the property is
removed or immediately afterwards an inventory of the property so removed.

(3) The notice of seizure under paragraph (1) and notice of removal and
inventory under paragraph (2) may be —

(a) handed to the execution debtor personally;

(b) sent to him by post to his place of residence; or

(c) left at or sent by post addressed to him at the place from which the
property was seized.

59 The plaintiff contends that Form 94, the Notice of Seizure and Inventory,
should not have been left at the container office at the warehouse at Jalan
Buroh, but should instead have been sent to the plaintiff’s office at Beach
Road. However, the options under O 46 r 16 are couched in disjunctive terms.
In this regard, it is plainly within the rights of the 2nd defendant to either
leave the Notice at, or post it to, the place where the seizure was executed.
Further, the 2nd defendant testified that he had every reason to believe that
the Jalan Buroh address was the plaintiff’s place of business as this address
was also stated in the WSS. No doubt, it would have been _ideal_ for the
Notice to have been sent to the plaintiff’s Beach Road office as well, but
this is insufficient to show that the 2nd defendant had knowingly acted in
excess of authority. Given that the Notice was properly left at the place of
seizure (which was one of the addresses stated in the WSS), there can be no
question of the 2nd defendant having acted in excess of authority, let alone
_knowingly_ doing so. The wording of O 46 r 16(3) is unambiguously clear – the
bailiff has the choice of how and where he wishes to post the Notice – and
directly disposes of the plaintiff’s claim on this point.

60 The plaintiff has further averred, though not pleaded, that the 2nd
defendant failed to provide notice of the date and time of seizure, contrary
to s 82 of the Subordinate Courts Practice Directions, introduced with effect
from 1 August 2000 pursuant to Practice Direction 2 of 2000:

(1)Bailiff to inform execution debtor of the seizure and/or sale

Prior to the seizure and/or sale, the Bailiff will notify the execution
debtor, as far as practicable, of the date and time of seizure and/or sale,
and request that the execution debtor or his authorised representative be
present at the premises at the appointed date and time.

61 The difficulty here is that Practice Directions are not binding law. In
_Odex Pte Ltd v Pacific Internet Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 18, Woo Bih Li J
compiled and reiterated the relevant authorities:

29 It seemed to me that the reference to "on behalf of" in para 23A(1)(a) was
an assumption that such an application could be made on behalf of a copyright
owner or exclusive licensee. The practice direction did not purport to create
additional rights. Even if it did, it did not have the force of law (see _BNP
Paribas v Polynesia Timber Services Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 539 where Justice
Lai Siu Chiu held at [37] that a practice direction is not law but merely a
direction for administrative purpose).

30 The _Singapore Court Practice 2006_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed) (LexisNexis,
2006) states at para 1/1/6:

Although practice directions may not have the force of substantive law (see
_Hume v Somerton_ (1890) 25 QBD 239, at 243; _Barclays Bank International v
Levin Bros (Bradford)_ [1977] QB 270; _Jayasankaran v PP_ [1983] 1 MLJ 379
(concerning a practice note: court said that it is not intended to be more
than a direction for administrative purposes and 'cannot be exalted into a
rule of law')), non-compliance may result in adverse orders against the
defaulting party. ...

In a case concerning the effect of practice directions, _Ooi Bee Tat v Tan Ah
Chim & Sons_ [1995] 3 MLJ 465, at 470, Zakaria Yatim JCA, who delivered the
judgement of the Supreme Court, stated that practice directions 'are intended
to be no more than a direction for administrative purposes' (also see
_Jayasankaran v PP_ [1983] 1 MLJ 379, at 380, which is cited for this
proposition). Therefore, it is clear that a practice direction does not have
the force of a rule of court and cannot vary the force of the latter.

62 Whilst the 2nd defendant’s omission to notify the plaintiff as to the date
and time of the seizure might appear not to have been in compliance with the
Practice Directions, it cannot be said that he acted in excess of his
authority since the precedents are clear that he is under no binding legal
duty to comply with the Practice Direction in the first place. Further, the
Practice Direction is not couched in absolute terms. Prior notification may be
provided to the execution debtor “as far as practicable”.

63 In any event, the evidence suggests that whatever the omissions of the 2nd
defendant, Mr Zagrodnik was in fact aware of the WSS and the seizure of the
plaintiff’s machinery. First, Mr Zagrodnik admitted in cross-examination that
he received and understood the General Notice dated 23 March 2004. Second, in
the letter from the plaintiff’s solicitors to the 1st defendant dated 9 July
2004, the purported agreement between Kelvin and Mr Zagrodnik was stated to
have taken place “shortly after the seizure of the items”[note: 43]. Third, Mr
Zagrodnik’s own affidavit, filed on 12 August 2004, states that he spoke to
Kelvin after the plaintiff issued the WSS[note: 44]. While these factors may
not be conclusive, their collective weight at least casts serious doubt on the
plaintiff’s claim that it was kept wholly in the dark of the seizure until Mr
Zagrodnik visited the premises on 5 July 2004.

Failure to particularize the seized machinery

64 The plaintiff argues that the 2nd defendant’s description of the seized
machinery, “all machineries and parts of timber at lot A2 to A3 (inside)”, was
remiss and short of the minimum standards imposed by O 46 r 16. Emphasis is
placed on Choo JC’s dicta in _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_ :

10 I would, in passing, observe that some of the problems in this sale would
not have arisen had the bailiff been precise in his recording of the
inventory. I accept that there may be occasions in which it would be expedient
to record certain items as "miscellaneous" items, but if that should become
necessary, the items must be packed together in a box or container and sealed
with the court's seal, and the description should then be "miscellaneous items
in box A", for example. To state merely "miscellaneous items" without any
means of identifying what they are, and relying solely on the bailiff's memory
is an unreliable, and therefore, undesirable method. There is authority in the
case of _Davies v Property and Reversionary Investments Corp_ [1929] 2 KB 222
for the proposition that if the notice of writ identifies all items in the
shop as subject to the seizure the notice may be regarded as sufficient; but
it is one thing to say that all the goods in the shop are seized and another
to say that miscellaneous items are seized. The difference is stark and
obvious and requires no further explanation.

65 As was the case with the Notice of Seizure, the 2nd defendant could have
placed himself beyond reproach had he taken the further effort of
particularizing the seized machinery in detail. Nevertheless, it has not been
established that he had _knowingly_ recorded an inaccurate description in the
Inventory since the only mistake in the Inventory, _ie_ , the inclusion of
“parts of timber” was, by the 2nd defendant’s own explanation, simply the
product of a poor translation. If the 2nd defendant had made a mistake, then
it necessarily implies that he did not have actual knowledge of the error at
that time. There is therefore no question of wilful blindness.

66 More importantly, even if the 2nd defendant had knowingly written an
erroneous or inaccurate Inventory, the plaintiff has not shown how this has
prejudiced its interests, let alone caused its loss. First, the _additional_
inclusion of “parts of timber” does not prejudice the plaintiff’s interest
unless the description of the machinery actually seized was also inaccurate.
It would not be fair to reach this conclusion, since the description of “all
machineries... at lot A2 and A3 (inside)” does not misrepresent the seized
machinery. Indeed, the 2nd defendant’s identification of the seized machinery
with reference to their location appears to be on all fours with Choo JC’s
dicta in _Heng_ _Chyu_ _Kee_ and the English case cited therein, _Davies v
Property and Reversionary Investments Corp_. In the latter case, Talbot J held
at page 231that:

... It appears to us the statute not only requires the cause of taking to be
mentioned, but also a notice to be given ‘thereof’, that is, of the distress
taken, which must include everything taken.. the notice ought to inform the
tenant or the person whose effects are taken, and also what is the amount of
rent in arrear. _The general description ‘any other goods, chattels, and
effects on the premises, or in and about the premises’.. is sufficient._.. it
is quite clear that they decided that it was a good notice because they
construed the notice as meaning that all the goods were taken; and if it did
mean that, then, in the words of Erle J, the word “all does itself give a
description which covers everything that is on the premises’.

[emphasis added]

67 It should also be borne in mind that the plaintiff had omitted to enter an
inventory of the machinery stored at the two bays, such that even a more
detailed description would not have permitted the plaintiff to establish in
litigation whether the Inventory was accurate or otherwise.

68 Second, the causative link between the inaccuracy in the Inventory and the
plaintiff’s loss is unclear. Although the same description was used in the
advertisement of the public auction, the bidders had the opportunity to
physically inspect the seized machinery at the auction itself. It is highly
unlikely that the description used in the advertisement of the public auction
would have affected the opinion of the bidders who were actually present at
the auction. Indeed, it was Mr Lim’s testimony that he had not read the
advertisement and had turned up only because he noticed the crowd of people
attending the auction close to his own office.

69 On the strength of the above considerations, the plaintiff’s case on this
purported breach also fails.

Seizure in excess of the judgment debt

70 The basis for this purported breach was that the WSS only authorised the
2nd defendant to seize such of the plaintiff’s goods as would be sufficient to
satisfy the judgment debt of S$29,771.57. The plaintiff claims that the 2nd
defendant exceeded his authority because the seized machinery is worth
S$1,224,294.50. To this, there is nothing to suggest that the 2nd defendant
did so _knowingly_. The 2nd defendant simply assessed the value of the seized
machinery to be S$15,000. In this regard, as this was his first time seizing
machinery, the 2nd defendant was not personally knowledgeable of the market
value of such machinery. Moreover, it is the consistent evidence of the 2nd
defendant, the auctioneer, Mr Lean Lam Bong (“Mr Lean”), and Mr Lim that the
seized machinery was old and rusty, which further reduces the likelihood that
the 2nd defendant would have known of their purported value.

71 The plaintiff contends that the 2nd defendant should properly have sought
an external valuation of the seized machinery in order to ensure that the
seizure was not in excess of the judgment debt amounting to S$29,771.57. This
is yet another instance of the recurrent theme that the 2nd defendant could
have gone further in the performance of his duties. However, there is simply
no stipulation in the Rules of Court requiring the bailiff to obtain an
external valuation. It was also the 2nd defendant’s uncontroverted evidence
that such valuations, as a matter of practice in the Subordinate Courts, were
only sought for jewellery or diamonds.

72 This should be sufficient to dispose of the plaintiff’s claim for excessive
seizure against the 2nd defendant. However for completeness, the evidence as
regards the actual value of the seized machinery will be considered below at
[92] to [97].

Failure to publish an adequate advertisement

73 Order 46 Rule 24 of the Rules of Court provides that:

(1)Where the value of the property attached or seized is estimated by the
Sheriff to exceed $2,000, the sale must, unless the Sheriff otherwise orders,
be conducted by an authorised auctioneer and the sale must be publicly
advertised by the Sheriff or auctioneer once 14 days before the date of sale.

74 This present version of O 46 r 24 was introduced by Amendment Act No 671 of
2004 which came into effect on 1 December 2004. At the relevant time of
seizure, the required notice period was only two days. As the advertisement
was published on 9 June 2004 and the auction held on 11 June 2004, the 2nd
defendant had complied with his duties under the then applicable provision.

75 The plaintiff’s main submission on this purported breach is that the
advertisement failed to describe the actual function and purpose of the seized
machinery and accordingly failed to attract the appropriate bidders. However,
the seized machinery was auctioned, purchased, and even re-sold as scrap
metal. By all accounts, even if they had been advertised as woodworking
machinery, the outcome would have been no different as the machines were old
and rusty. According to Mr Lean, the auction was competitive and was attended
by 20 to 30 bidders. There is also no evidence that a more detailed
description of the seized machinery in the advertisement would have made any
difference in either attracting more specialised bidders or higher prices. In
fact, the objective evidence before me indicates otherwise. The plaintiff had
difficulties selling the seized machinery for years. Further, the seized
machinery is still in a state of disuse today (some eight years after the
auction and sale) despite the fact that it was ultimately purchased by Hua
Seng, _ie_ , a purchaser with specialised interest in the seized machinery.

76 Most importantly, the advertisement was arranged by Mr Lean and not the 2nd
defendant. Mr Lean could have inspected the seized machinery himself and drawn
up his own description, but he testified that this was not the general
practice at that time. Although the 2nd defendant had approved the draft of
the advertisement, this was entirely in line with his earlier description in
the Inventory[note: 45]. So long as the 2nd defendant was under the belief
that he had recorded an accurate description of the seized machinery, the case
against him on this point cannot be made out. Indeed, one might surmise that
the 2nd defendant had every reason to ensure that the auction yielded good
value since he estimated that the seized machinery was only worth about
$15,000, which fell short of the judgment debt. This renders it all the more
unlikely that he knowingly acted in excess of authority as regards the
advertisement for the auction.

Failure to give adequate notice of sale

77 Order 46 Rule 23 stipulates that:

Unless the Sheriff otherwise orders, all sales must be by public auction
between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. and notice in Form 91 of the day, hour
and place of any intended sale must be posted on the notice board of the
Registry and as far as practicable at the place of intended sale 7 days before
the date of sale.

78 The 2nd defendant left the first Notice of Sale with the security guard at
the warehouse (_ie_ , the place of the intended sale) on 24 May 2004.
Subsequently, due to delays in the publication of the advertisement of the
public auction, a second Notice of Sale was issued on 7 June 2004 stating that
the auction would be held on 11 June 2004.

79 The plaintiff alleges that the required seven days between the date of
Notice and date of sale was not complied with. It argues that the seven day
requirement is not qualified by the phrase “as far as practicable”, which only
applies to the posting of the Notice at the place of execution. I disagree
with the plaintiff’s interpretation of O 46 r 23. If r 23 intends for the
seven day period to be an absolute requirement, then it would read “... notice
in Form 91 of the day, hour and place of any intended sale must be posted _7
days before the date of sale_ on the notice board of the Registry and as far
as practicable at the place of intended sale ~~7 days before the date of
sale~~.” The requirements of both location and timing of notice should
therefore be read as conjunctively qualified by the phrase “as far as
practicable”.

80 In any event, the plaintiff was not prejudiced by the four day period as it
had already received notice on 24 May 2004, albeit for an earlier auction
date. The plaintiff seeks to rely on a technical argument that a fresh period
of seven days should be required after the issue of the second amended Notice
of Sale. This might be the case if the original date (9 June 2004) of the
auction had elapsed before the issuance of the second Notice of Sale. However,
in the present case, the amended Notice was sent on 7 June 2004, _prior_ to
the original date of auction. As such, the second Notice, in effect,
represents an extended Notice for a postponed auction rather than a fresh
Notice of a new auction.

Sale of goods which were not seized

81 This issue turns on the factual determination of whether machinery stored
at bay A4 had also been sold at the public auction. It is the consistent
evidence of the 2nd defendant, Kelvin, Mr Yeo and Mr Lean that only goods
stored at bays A2 and A3 had been seized and auctioned. Mr Zagrodnik’s
unchallenged evidence is that some items originally stored at A4, namely 660
sets of idler rollers, were found in Hua Seng’s premises. However, an
inventory of what was stored at bay A4 had never been kept. It is also
worthwhile to note that the plaintiff’s immediate response was to instruct its
solicitors to send a letter to the 1st defendant claiming wrongful re-entry
into the leased premises[note: 46]. In this letter, the affected area was
described as “the portion of the premises covering an area of three thousand
eight hundred square feet at 27 Jalan Buroh, Singapore at the monthly rent of
$3,120.00”, referring specifically to bays A2 and A3. The plaintiff’s
response, therefore, did not seem to contemplate any wrongful seizure or sale
of machinery stored at A4.

82 This magnifies the impression that its present claim is a “ _res_ _ipsa_
_loquitur”_ inference based on Hua Seng’s current possession of the idler
rollers. However, this fact, at best, only serves to establish that some
machinery originally stored at bay A4 is currently in the possession of Hua
Seng. It does not show how, when and who sold the machinery originally stored
at bay A4 to Hua Seng. I should add that it is possible that the A4 machinery
might have been moved to bays A2 and A3 prior to the seizure. In this regard,
it is pertinent to note that Mr Zagrodnik agreed in his AEIC and in cross-
examination that when he visited the premises on or about 5 July 2004, the
machinery stored at bay A4 had already been removed. However, the seized
machinery bought by Kim Hock at the public auction remained stored at bays A2
and A3 until it took delivery on 22 July 2004. As such, the moving of the
machinery originally stored at bay A4 prior to the seizure is entirely
possible. It is equally possible that the machinery stored at bay A4 might
have been wrongly removed by the 1st defendant, Kim Hock, or even Hua Seng. In
this regard, however, no separate claim for conversion of the machinery stored
at bay A4 is before the court. The plaintiff’s entire case is premised on the
auction and sale of machinery which had not been seized, yet the evidential
gap as to which party had removed the machinery stored at bay A4 has not been
adequately addressed. I am not convinced that the plaintiff has fulfilled its
burden of proof on this count; its claim that goods stored at A4 which had not
been seized were sold is therefore dismissed. For completeness, I should add
that there simply cannot be any liability on the part of the 2nd defendant in
respect of any sale of machinery stored at bay A4, even if proved, since by
the plaintiff’s own pleaded case, they were not seized by him in the first
place. His Inventory clearly stated “all machineries... at lot A2 and A3
(inside)”. Further, the sale was conducted by the auctioneer, Mr Lean, and not
by the 2nd defendant.

83 It only remains for me to add that the plaintiff has purported to change
its pleaded position at the trial in relation to the machine parts stored at
bay A4. In the plaintiff’s amended Statement of Claim, its pleaded case was
that the machine parts in A4 had been sold despite not being seized[note: 47].
This was also the position adopted in the plaintiff’s opening statement before
this court[note: 48]. However, the same contention has not been pursued in the
plaintiff’s closing submissions, and indeed it now appears to be the
plaintiff’s case that _all_ of its machinery had been seized, including those
stored in bay A4[note: 49]. Suffice it to say that this is not the plaintiff’s
pleaded case and it appears that its pleaded position, which was in any case
not proved, has been abandoned.

Failure to sell for the best price

84 Finally, the plaintiff asserts that the 2nd defendant had failed to sell
the goods for the best price. However, the WSS only directed the 2nd defendant
to levy such property as would satisfy the judgment debt, not to achieve the
best price for the execution debtor. Further, it has not been contended that
the 2nd defendant had knowledge of what the best price should be. Moreover,
the 2nd defendant has no control over the price at which the seized machinery
is eventually sold. Mr Lean testified that he was not aware of the 2nd
defendant’s appraisal of the machinery and, in any case, does not as a matter
of practice consult the bailiff as to the price.

85 It only remains to be added that there is no duty, even at common law, to
sell seized goods for the best price. The highest at which one can place the
bailiff’s duty is to obtain a reasonable price for the seized goods. This
position is explained in Halsbury’s Laws of England (5th Ed) Vol 12, at
paragraph 1336:

It is the enforcement officer’s duty, within a reasonable time after the
seizure to sell the goods for a reasonable price, and it is also his duty not
so to conduct the sale as to prevent them fetching such a price as may have
been obtained.

86 The dicta of Justice Dean of the Supreme Court of Victoria, in _Owen v
Daly_ [1955] VLR 442, serves to reinforce this:

... at common law the duty of the sheriff in selling chattels, including
chattels real, of a judgment debtor is to act reasonably in the interests of
the judgment creditor and the judgment debtor in order to obtain a fair price,
not necessarily the market value, for it is well recognised that compulsory
sales under legal process rarely bring full value of the property sold.

87 Accordingly, the plaintiff’s claim on this score likewise fails.

Liability of the 1st defendant

88 Inasmuch as the 2nd defendant was not acting as the 1st defendant’s agent,
any alleged misconduct which was solely the responsibility of the 2nd
defendant cannot be attributed in the alternative to the 1st defendant.
Referring back to the particulars of the plaintiff’s claim at [20] above, the
purported breaches (a), (b), (d), and (e) are all duties within the 2nd
defendant’s sole purview. My findings that the 2nd defendant did not breach
those alleged duties, would effectively dispose of the plaintiff’s case
against the 1st defendant as execution creditor in relation to those alleged
breaches.

89 Further, the purported breaches in (g) and (h) relate to the sale of the
seized machinery which was, in accordance with O 46 r 24, conducted by an
authorised auctioneer. There is no separate pleading by the plaintiff that the
1st defendant is liable for the acts or omissions of the auctioneer.

90 It is therefore the purported breach in (c), _ie_ , seizure in excess of
the judgment debt, which constitutes the kernel of the plaintiff’s case
against the 1st defendant. The basis of this claim is that the 1st defendant
had negligently directed the 2nd defendant to seize the machine parts in bays
A2 and A3, the value of which far exceeded the judgment debt of S$29,771.57.

91 The plaintiff alleges that the equipment is worth S$1,224,294.50, but there
are several problems with this. First, the evidence of the 2nd defendant, the
auctioneer, Mr Lean, and the buyer, Kim Hock, is consistent that the seized
machinery looked old and rusty and was therefore treated only as scrap metal.
This is approximately in line with the actual sale price of S$51,500. Second,
there is no evidence that as of the date of seizure, the seized machinery
allegedly comprising two separate plants was actually functional. In fact, the
seized machinery, which was ultimately purchased by Mr Lau, is still in disuse
today. While Mr Zagrodnik might well have told Kelvin that the machinery
stored at the 1st defendant’s premises was worth “a few hundred thousand
dollars”, that is not to say that Kelvin accepted it to be true or accurate or
that it was in fact its value. Third, if it is true that the value of the
goods seized far exceeded its sale price, it is indeed odd that Mr Zagrodnik
did not offer to purchase the seized machinery from Mr Lau given that it is
still in a state of disuse today. There are, therefore, compelling reasons to
utilise the scrap value of the seized machinery rather than their purported
contractual value in assessing whether there was excessive seizure.
Nonetheless, these will be examined in turn.

92 Liability for excessive seizure only attaches where the value of the seized
goods was clearly disproportionate to the judgment debt. The English Court of
Appeal in _Steel Linings Ltd & Mark Harvey v Bibby & Co_ [1993] RA 27 (“
_Steel Linings_ ”), held at p 6 that “to be proved excessive the value of the
goods seized must be clearly disproportionate to the arrears and charges”.
Further, “to avoid an excessive distress all that is required is that the
distrainor should exercise a reasonable and honest discretion in estimating
what the goods will realise at auction; he need not consider what value the
ratepayer himself could have obtained for them or what they would be worth to
a business successor”.

Scrap value

93 Both parties in this dispute have notably called expert witnesses to
provide evidence only as regards the scrap metal value of the seized machinery
at the time of seizure. The 1st defendant’s expert witness, Mr Robert Khan,
conducted a retrospective analysis following a visit to Hua Seng’s premises
and reached the conclusion that the scrap metal value of the seized machinery
as at 11 June 2004 was S$70,000, and their forced sale value S$55,000[note:
50].

94 The plaintiff’s expert, Mr Edmund Wong, produced a report on the scrap
steel market value of the plaintiff’s machine parts as of May to July 2004
based on the report issued by TEX Report Ltd as well as the local purchase
price obtained by Natsteel Ltd, Singapore, the dominant purchaser of such
scrap in Singapore. Mr Wong’s calculations were made using the July 2004 scrap
prices, following the date that the auctioned machinery was weighed. However,
he conceded under cross-examination that June 2004 prices should have been
used instead, as that was when the auction took place. According to his
report, the international price of scrap metal as of June 2004 was S$332/ton,
and the local purchase price was S$260/ton[note: 51]. The weigh bridge tickets
indicate that approximately 318 tons of scrap metal was purchased by Kim Hock.
Assuming that this was also the weight of the seized machinery in June, the
value of the seized machinery would have been between S$105,576
(international) and S$82,680 (local). Taking the 2nd defendant’s case at its
highest, and applying a 20% discount to obtain the forced sale value, the
metal would have been worth between S$84,460.80 and S$66,144. It might be
thought that the upper limits of this range are on the borderline of being
disproportionate to the judgment debt of S$29,771.57. Taken on average,
however, it would not be fair to regard the forced sale scrap value of the
seized machinery as _clearly_ disproportionate to the judgment debt.

Value from contracts

95 The plaintiff’s pleaded case, however, is that the value of the seized
machinery should be calculated according to its contracts with Ngan Linh and
Best Chipboard. However, the contract with Ngan Linh for the hard and soft-
board plant was entered into on 28 February 2001, over three years prior to
the date of seizure. Further, the contract was never actually performed as
Ngan Linh eventually purchased the machinery from Poland instead[note: 52].
Further, the contract was signed by Mr Le Tat Huan, who has since passed away,
on behalf of Ngan Linh. His son, Mr Le Tat Linh, filed an AEIC to prove the
Ngan Linh contract but accepted in cross-examination that the Ngan Linh
contract exhibited in his AEIC was not sourced from Ngan Linh’s files but was
provided by the plaintiff. He testified that the signature on the Ngan Linh
contract was indeed his late father’s. Further, he accepted that the Ngan Linh
contract, on its face, referred to two reference numbers, namely SEE/VN-001
and 002[note: 53], of which the latter was not exhibited in his AEIC. Mr Le
was not able to provide any explanation for the missing SEE/VN-002. At best,
while the Ngan Linh contract may give some indication as to what a purchaser
might be prepared to pay for _some_ machinery (I say _some_ because reference
number SEE/VE-002 was not disclosed) used in the manufacture of hard and soft-
boards in 2001, it does not represent the sum that a purchaser would
_actually_ be willing to pay as at 2004. The undeniable fact also remains that
the Ngan Linh contract signed in 2001 was never performed.

96 Under clause 3.1 of the Ngan Linh contract, a letter of credit for
US$441,000 was to be opened within 15 days from the date of signing, but no
such letter of credit has been tendered to the court as evidence. Further, the
plaintiff was to begin shipment of the machines within 45 days, with final and
full shipment within 60 days of the first shipment date. There is no evidence
that any extension to this time-line had been granted, and no explanation as
to why the necessary steps stipulated in the contract were not performed.
Collectively, these factors combine to undermine the weight which can be
attributed to the Ngan Linh contract as an estimate of the market value of the
hard and soft-board plant.

97 As for the purported contract with Best Chipboard for the particle board
plant, numerous documentary inconsistencies were exposed during cross-
examination which collectively impugn the credibility of the plaintiff’s
submission on this point. Apart from certain portions of the contract being
cut off in the reproduction, there was also the more serious problem that the
copy of the May 2004 Best Chipboard contract carried a 2010 fax date and was
exhibited in Mr Muhammad Mushtaq’s AEIC in 2011[note: 54]. This raises the
possibility that the contract might not have been concluded in May 2004 and
was only signed and faxed to the plaintiff in 2010 in contemplation of
litigation. Further, it was Mr Zagrodnik’s evidence that the contract with
Best Chipboard was modified from an earlier draft produced when the particle
board machinery had previously been offered to Ngan Linh[note: 55]. In the
earlier draft, the reference number “0222/2003” appears at the bottom of each
page exhibited[note: 56]. In the Best Chipboard contract, however, this
reference number appears on only the first three pages, but not on the final
page with the contracting parties’ signatures[note: 57]. This further
indicates that the contract which was exhibited in Mr Mushtaq’s AEIC might
have been signed after the fact, and not in May 2004. In addition, when the
Best Chipboard contract was exhibited in Mr Zagrodnik’s affidavit in aid of
the plaintiff’s application to set aside the default judgment, tellingly, the
final page containing both parties’ signature was also not exhibited. Neither
Mr Zagrodnik nor Mr Mushtaq was able to provide any satisfactory explanation
as to these irregularities when questioned in cross-examination. Mr Zagrodnik
speculated that the discrepancies in the dates could be due to the wrong
programming of the year on the plaintiff’s facsimile machine. No evidence was
adduced to support his speculative explanation. I would not go so far as to
conclude that the Best Chipboard contract was fabricated but, given the
unsatisfactory inconsistencies on the face of the contract, it suffices to say
that the purported contract with Best Chipboard has not been proved.

98 It is also significant that the plaintiff’s valuation of the seized
machinery has been inconsistent over the entire course of events. In the
letter sent to the 1st defendant by the plaintiff’s solicitors dated 9 July
2004, the seized machinery was valued as “in excess of US$350,000.00”[note:
58]. By 17 April 2009, in the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, the “[a]ctual
market value of woodworking machinery and panel making equipment seized” was
listed as S$1,251,200.00.

99 It would therefore appear that the plaintiff’s case on excessive seizure is
not borne out by the objective evidence before the court. Although the scrap
metal value of the seized machinery may have exceeded the judgment debt, in my
view, it was not so clearly disproportionate as to attract liability. As for
the alleged contractual value of the seized machinery, the plaintiff’s
evidence was unsatisfactory and inconclusive at best. In any event, even if Mr
Zagrodnik might have managed to secure a higher price from specialty buyers,
the 1st defendant, following _Steel Linings_ , need not consider this on top
of what would realistically be achievable at a public auction.

Conclusion

100 The plaintiff’s case against both the 1st and 2nd defendants is dismissed.
In reaching this conclusion I have taken cognizance that the practice and
procedure of the Subordinate Courts bailiff for WSS have since been fine-
tuned. This is a step in the right direction. Each bailiff is now issued with
a digital camera to be utilised at commercial properties, where forced entry
is applied, and where visual aid is deemed necessary as reference. Several of
the evidential difficulties in the present case could have been easily
resolved had this practice been introduced earlier. The 2nd defendant also
testified that the bailiff may now appoint a valuer to assess seized
machinery, depending on how much has been seized. Further, unlike in the
present case where the auctioneer had simply taken the 2nd defendant’s
description for use in the public advertisement, the current practice is for
the auctioneer to first inspect the seized items, and then to describe them in
the advertisement for the auction. The period of time required between the
advertisement and auction has also been increased from two to 14 days.

101 In his closing submissions, Mr Koh sought a cost order against Mr
Zagrodnik on the grounds set out in _DB Trustees (Hong Kong) Ltd v Consult
Asia Pte ltd and another appeal_ [2010] 3 SLR 542 at [29] to [30], and [35]:

29 From _Dymocks_ and _Globe Equities_ , as well as _Bobby Chin_ , it is clear
that the overarching rule with regard to ordering costs against a non-party in
court proceedings is that it must, in the circumstances of the case, be _just_
to do so. That said, it appears to us that two particular factors, among the
myriad of possibly relevant considerations, ought to almost always be present
to make it just to award costs against a non-party. This does not, however,
mean that they are indispensable prerequisites that have to be met before a
costs order against a non-party can be made.

30 The first of the two factors is that there must be a _close connection_
between the non-party and the proceedings. The following sentence from the
passage in _Dymocks_ that was quoted at [26] above would indicate one way in
which a close connection may be demonstrated:

Where, however, the non-party not merely funds the proceedings but
substantially also controls or at any rate is to benefit from them, justice
will ordinarily require that, if the proceedings fail, he will pay the
successful party's costs.

One clarification that we should make is that funding and control need not be
conjunctive, as seems to be suggested in the above sentence. It is sufficient
that the non-party either funds or controls legal proceedings with the
intention of ultimately deriving a benefit from them.

...

35 The other factor, which is related to but distinct from the first, is that
the non-party must have caused the incurring of costs. This is a matter of
causation which has often been glossed over in case law. Ordinarily, it would
not be just to order a non-party, as opposed to a litigant, to pay costs if
the litigant would have incurred the legal costs regardless of the non-party's
role. It suffices to cite the Privy Council's observation on this point in
_Dymocks_ ([26] _supra_ at 2814):

Although the position may well be different when a number of non-parties act
in concert, their Lordships are content to assume for the purposes of this
application that a non-party could not ordinarily be made liable for costs if
those costs would in any event have been incurred even without such non-
party's involvement in the proceedings.

102 Although Mr Zagrodnik’s role in the present litigation may _prima facie_
satisfy the first factor set out above, it is not clear that he has personally
caused the incurring of costs even given the unexplained delay prior to the
commencement of proceedings. In any event, the proceedings were commenced
within the relevant limitation period. Such an order of costs against him
personally seems inappropriate since the plaintiff has already put up a total
of S$260,000 as security for the defendants’ costs pursuant to an order of
court. I am not convinced that it would be just to make Mr Zagrodnik
personally liable for costs over and above the considerable sum already paid
into court by the plaintiff. Accordingly, I shall only order the plaintiff to
bear the costs of the 1st and 2nd defendants to be taxed on a standard basis
if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]AEIC of Lim Lung Tieng, at [11]

[note: 2]AEIC of Mr Zagrovnik, at [4]

[note: 3]AEIC of Lim Lung Tieng, at [5] to [7]

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , at [13]

[note: 5]AEIC of Mr Zagrovnik, at [5]

[note: 6]No. 3070 of 2004

[note: 7]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, pp 130, 132-134

[note: 8]AEIC of Mr Zagrovnik, at [24]

[note: 9]AEIC of Lim Lung Tieng, at [24]

[note: 10]Affidavit of Lim Lung Tieng filed 2 September 2004, at [23] to [24]

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , p135

[note: 12]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p146

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p141

[note: 14]_Ibid_ , p150

[note: 15]_Ibid_ , p151

[note: 16]_Ibid_ , p153

[note: 17]_Ibid_ , p157

[note: 18]_Ibid_ , p168

[note: 19]2nd Defendant’s AEIC, at [11] (Bundle of Affidavits Vol 3)

[note: 20]AEIC of Mr Yeo Hock Heng, at [6] (bundle of Affidavits Vol 3)

[note: 21]2nd Defendant’s AEIC, [11] at p5

[note: 22]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p165

[note: 23]_Ibid_ , p170

[note: 24]2nd Defendant’s AEIC, [15]

[note: 25]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, p172

[note: 26]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, at 183

[note: 27]2nd Defendant’s AEIC, at [22]

[note: 28]AEIC of Mr Lim Kim Hock, at [7] (Bundle of affidavits vol 3)

[note: 29]_Ibid_ , at [9]

[note: 30]AEIC of Lim Lung Tieng, at [45] (Bundle of affidavits vol 2)

[note: 31]Agreed Bundle Vol 2, at 442

[note: 32]AEIC of Lim Lung Tieng, at [11]

[note: 33]AEIC of Mr Zagrodnik, at[27] (Bundle of affidavits vol 1)

[note: 34]_Ibid_ , at[28]

[note: 35]_Ibid_ , at [30]

[note: 36]Agreed bundle Vol 1, pp197-198

[note: 37]_Ibid_ , at [38]; Agreed Bundle Vol 1, pp201-203

[note: 38]Writ of Summons (Amendment No. 3), at [21]

[note: 39](1862) 1 H&C 554

[note: 40]Dowrick, ‘The relationship of Principal and Agent’ (1954) 17 MLR 24
at 36

[note: 41]Plaintiff’s Closing Submissions, at [94]

[note: 42]2nd Defendant’s Closing Submissions, at [35]

[note: 43]Agreed bundle Vol 1, at 198

[note: 44]Affidavit of Mr Zagrodnik filed on 12 August 2004, at [20]

[note: 45]AEIC of Mr Lean Lam Bong, at [6]

[note: 46]Agreed bundle Vol 1, pp197-198

[note: 47]Writ of Summons (Amendment No. 2), at p12

[note: 48]Plaintiff’s Opening Statement, at p21

[note: 49]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions, at p20, [31]

[note: 50]AEIC of Mr Robert Khan, p23 (Bundle of affidavits Vol 3 p127)

[note: 51]AEIC of Mr Edmund Wong, at pp8-9

[note: 52]AEIC of Mr Le Tat Linh, at [10]

[note: 53]AEIC of Mr Le Tat Linh, at p8

[note: 54]See 1st Defendant’s Closing Submissions, pp9-12

[note: 55]AEIC of Mr Zagrovnik, at [26]

[note: 56]AEIC of Mr Zagrovnik, pp73-75

[note: 57]Agreed Bundle Vol 1, at 161-164

[note: 58]Agreed Bundle Vol 1 at 197

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

