Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hai Tong Co (Pte) Ltd _v_ Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHC 104

Case Number| :| Suit No 669 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gill Dedar Singh, Tang Li Ling Yvonne and Chiang Hui Shan
Michelle (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Wong Siew Hong and Ong Zhenhui
Wayne (Eldan Law LLP) for the defendants  
Parties| :|  Hai Tong Co. (Pte) Ltd. — Ventreee Singapore Pte Ltd — SKY  
  
11 May 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, Hai Tong Co Pte Ltd (“the Plaintiff”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. It carries on the business of importing, exporting,
distributing and selling cosmetics, sundries and beauty accessories, including
a range of cosmetic products under the brand “ _Lady Rose_ ”. The first
defendant, Ventree Singapore Pte Ltd (“the 1st Defendant”), is a company
incorporated in Singapore. The 1st Defendant is in the business of importing,
exporting and distributing cosmetic products, and is the distributor of “Rose
Lady” cosmetic products pursuant to a Sole Agent Agreement with the
manufacturer of these products, VOV Cosmetics Co Ltd (“VOV Cosmetics”). VOV
Cosmetics is a company incorporated in South Korea and is not a party to the
present proceedings. VOV Cosmetics is the registered proprietor of the “VOV”
trade mark in Singapore, which was registered in 2004 under Trade Mark Number
T0406108D. The second defendant, SKY (“the 2nd Defendant”), is a partnership
incorporated in Singapore. It operates a retail department store at People’s
Park Complex selling, _inter alia_ , cosmetics and perfumes, including
cosmetic products from the “Rose Lady” brand. It previously sold products from
the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” brand, but has not sold the Plaintiff’s
products since around 2005.

Factual Background

2 With regard to the “ _Lady Rose_ ” brand, the Plaintiff is the registered
proprietor of the following mark (“the “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark”):

Trade Mark No |  Trade mark |  Specifications  
---|---|---  
T7048436B |  ![](data:image/png;base64,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) |  Perfumery, essential oils, hair lotions, hair creams and cosmetics.  
  
  

3 The “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark was registered by the Plaintiff’s predecessor (Hai
Tong Company) in 1970, and has been in use by the Plaintiff and/or its
predecessors since 1960. The Plaintiff distributes its “ _Lady Rose_ ”
products to various retailers across Singapore, including department stores
such as Robinsons and retail cosmetics shops. The Plaintiff also sells these
products to walk-in customers at its shop in Sago Lane. In particular, the
Plaintiff sells two cosmetic products under the “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark, _viz_ a
two way cake and a foundation with sunscreen.

4 On 15 July 2009, the 1st Defendant entered into a Sole Agent Agreement with
VOV Cosmetics which allowed the former to import and distribute VOV Cosmetics’
products, including a range of VOV Cosmetics’ products bearing the words “Rose
Lady”. These products contained _rosa_ _canina_ , essence of dog rose, as an
ingredient. The product packaging was peach and featured sketches of five-
petalled flowers. The 1st Defendant imported three “Rose Lady” products into
Singapore: “VOV” Rose Lady Cover Foundation, “VOV” Rose Lady Skin Cover, and
“VOV” Rose Lady Two Way Cake (“the Infringing Products”). VOV Cosmetics’
products were sold at various retailers across Singapore, including department
stores such as John Little and retail cosmetics shops. The 2nd Defendant sold
“VOV” Rose Lady Skin Cover since January 2010, but did not sell the other two
Infringing Products.

5 In or around July 2010, the Plaintiff received a number of complaints from
its customers regarding the quality of certain “ _Lady Rose_ ” cosmetic
products packaged in a peach coloured case. As the Plaintiff uses blue
packaging for the “ _Lady Rose_ ” cosmetic products, it became concerned about
the possibility of counterfeit “ _Lady Rose_ ” products on the market and
proceeded to conduct investigations into the matter. As a result of its
investigations, the Plaintiff became aware that the 1st Defendant was
importing VOV’s “Rose Lady” cosmetic products into Singapore. The Plaintiff
also discovered that these “Rose Lady” cosmetic products were being sold at a
number of other retail outlets in Singapore, including but not limited to the
2nd Defendant’s retail store.

6 On or about 21 July 2010, the Plaintiff through its solicitors issued a
Letter of Demand to the 1st Defendant claiming, _inter alia_ , that the 1st
Defendant had infringed the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark. On 23 July 2010,
the 1st Defendant replied through its solicitors denying all allegations of
trade mark infringement. The Plaintiff through its solicitors also sent a
cease-and-desist letter to the 2nd Defendant. On 1 August 2010, the Plaintiff
filed this action against the 1st and 2nd Defendants (the “Defendants”),
claiming that they had infringed the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark by
importing and offering for sale the Infringing Products, and also alleging
that the Defendants had acted together to pass off the Infringing Products as
the Plaintiff’s goods. The 1st Defendant has since ceased importing the
Infringing Products.

The Plaintiff’s claims

7 In the Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim, the Plaintiff alleged that the
Defendants had done the following:

(a) Infringed the registered trade mark of the Plaintiff by the use in the
course of trade of a sign where, because the sign was similar to the
registered trade mark and was used in relation to goods similar or identical
to those for which the registered trade mark was registered, there existed a
likelihood of confusion; and

(b) Passed off and/or attempted to pass off and/or enabled, assisted, caused
or procured others to pass off, the cosmetic products marketed under and by
reference to the mark “Rose Lady”, not being goods of the Plaintiff, as and
for the same.

8 I turn first to consider the trade mark infringement claim.

Trade Mark Infringement

9 Section 27(2)(b) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev Ed) (“TMA”)
provides thus:

(2) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he _uses in the course of trade_ a sign where
_because_ —

…

(b) the sign is  _similar_ to the trade mark and is used in relation to
_goods or services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark
is registered_ ,

there  _exists a likelihood of confusion_ on the part of the public.

[emphasis added]

10 Section 2(1) of the TMA defines the term “sign” thus:

any letter, word, name, signature, numeral, device, brand, heading, label,
ticket, shape, colour, aspect of packaging or any combination thereof.

11 Here, the Plaintiff first had to establish that the “Rose Lady” sign was
used in the course of trade by the Defendants. If this threshold issue was
resolved in favour of the Plaintiff, the Plaintiff then had to show the
following three elements in order to establish an infringement under s
27(2)(b) of the TMA (applying _The Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop-In Department
Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 690 (“ _Polo_ ”) at [8]):

(a) The “Rose Lady” sign used by the Defendants was similar to the Plaintiff’s
“ _Lady Rose_ ” trade mark;

(b) The “Rose Lady” sign was used in relation to goods or services identical
or similar to those for which the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” trade mark was
registered; and

(c) On account of (a) and (b) above, there was a likelihood of confusion on
the part of the public.

Whether the “Rose Lady” sign was used by the Defendants in the course of trade

12 The Defendants submitted before me that the words “Rose Lady” were
descriptive of cosmetic products made with essence of the _rosa_ _canina_
plant that were intended for ladies’ use. They further argued that the words
were commonly used in the cosmetics industry, and merely descriptive of common
features of cosmetic products. However, I did not accept these arguments. I
found that the combination of the two words “Rose” and “Lady” was distinctive
rather than descriptive. In _Bluestar Exchange (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Teoh_
_Keng Long and others (trading as Polykwan Trading Co)_[2003] 4 SLR(R) 92, the
court held at [40]:

While the words “BLUE” and “STAR” are common words individually and each was
used in marks belonging to others, it was the combination of these two words
which, in my view, gave the RTM its distinctive character... The combination
of two common words can be distinctive like “Burger King”.

13 Here, the Defendants used “Rose Lady” as a brand name for a line of
cosmetics under which they marketed a range of products. I found that although
“Rose” and “Lady” were common words individually, when used together in this
manner they had a distinctive character which enabled the sign to function as
a trade mark and identify a line of products. Under cross-examination, the
Defendants’ witness Mr Goh Soo Ching, a partner of the 2nd Defendant, admitted
that “Rose Lady” was being used as the name of a particular range of products,
rather than to describe any of the ingredients in the products:

Ct:You used a name to identify a range?

A:Okay, if for example for this, maybe they will – they will call this the
Rose Lady range.

Ct:Oh I see.

A:The range of it... for this brand.

Ct:Basically it’s a name, it’s not as if to describe it –

A:Correct.

Ct:\- but it’s a name ...

...

Ct:So that [“Rose Lady”] is used as a name.

A:Yes, right.

Ct:Not so much as to describe what is in the ingredient of the product.

A:Yes.

14 The Defendants also argued that “Rose Lady” was not being used as a trade
mark, as the Infringing Products were actually being marketed under the “VOV”
trade mark. The Defendants submitted that the Infringing Products were made by
VOV Cosmetics, and sold together with other “VOV” products. They further
submitted that the dominant mark on the packaging of the Infringing Products
was the “VOV” mark, and that the photographs of the Infringing Products
revealed that they were marketed as “VOV Rose Lady” products rather than “Rose
Lady” products _per se_. The Defendants further argued that “Rose Lady” was
not being used as a secondary mark to identify a range of products in the
“VOV” line. They highlighted that “Rose Lady” was not a registered trade mark
in Singapore, in contrast to VOV Cosmetics’ registered trade marks “JADILLA J”
and “CASTLEDEW”, which were used on certain ranges of VOV Cosmetics’ products.

15 However, I did not accept the Defendants’ arguments. I found that “Rose
Lady” was a secondary product identifier that was being used as a secondary
mark. In _Richemont International SA v Da Vinci Collections Pte Ltd_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 369, the court stated at [14] that:

…. [I]t is well established in trade mark law that a product may have more
than one trade mark. Thus, secondary or even third-level product identifiers
can function as trade marks if they indicate to the consumer that the product
originates from a particular undertaking.

16 In _British Sugar PLC v James Robertson & Sons Ltd_ (1996) RPC 281, the
court observed at 299 that:

It is of course the case that you can have two trade marks used together
(“Ford Prefect”), but whether the secondary word is used as a trade mark is a
question of fact. If it is a fancy word, then obviously it is a trade mark
because it could not be taken as anything else.

As such, although the Infringing Products also had the “VOV” trade mark on the
packaging, that did not in and of itself preclude the possibility that “Rose
Lady” was also being used as a secondary trade mark on the Infringing
Products. Additionally, as discussed above at [12] – [13], “Rose Lady” was not
a descriptive phrase but instead a fancy mark.

17 In _Neutrogena Corporation v Golden_ Ltd _(t/a Garnier)_ [1996] RPC 473,
the marks being compared were “NEUTRALIA”, used on a narrow product range of a
shampoo, facial wash, shower gel, bath foam, moisturisers and liquid soaps,
and “NEUTROGENA”, used on a wider range of soaps, shampoos and other skin and
hair care products. The “NEUTRALIA” products were sold in clear transparent
bottles (the liquid inside also being clear), with the name “LABORATORIES
GARNIER” on the front bottom right of the bottle. In relation to the
visibility of the name “LABORATORIES GARNIER”, the court said at 481:

Owing to the clarity of the bottle and contents however, these words do not
stand out. I find as a fact that many consumers simply do not notice them,
particularly (but by no means only) in shopping conditions.

18 Here, I found that “Rose Lady” was being used as a secondary mark on the
Defendants’ products: the words “Rose Lady Skin Cover” and “Rose Lady Two Way
Cake” were prominently displayed in the middle of the front covers of the
packaging, whereas the words “Rose Lady Cover Foundation” were prominently
displayed in the middle of the back cover of the packaging and the words “Rose
Lady Cover Foundation” on the product itself could be seen through the
transparent front cover of the packaging, thus indicating to the consumer that
the three products originated from the “Rose Lady” line. In contrast, the
“VOV” mark was not prominently displayed. The “VOV” mark appeared in a much
smaller font at the bottom corner of the front cover and on two sides of the
packaging for the “Rose Lady Skin Cover” and “Rose Lady Two Way Cake”
products. For the “Rose Lady Cover Foundation”, the “VOV” mark appeared in a
much smaller font at the bottom of the back cover and on three sides of the
packaging, and was partly shielded from view on the transparent front cover of
the packaging. The “VOV” trade mark did not even appear on both the “Rose Lady
Skin Cover” and the “Rose Lady Two Way Cake” products themselves. Instead, the
words “Rose Lady Skin Cover” and “Rose Lady Two Way Cake” appeared prominently
on the front covers of the two products. As such, I found that “Rose Lady” was
a secondary product identifier that was being used as a secondary mark.
Clearly, the “Rose Lady” sign was used by the Defendants in the course of
trade.

Whether the “Rose Lady” sign used by the Defendants was similar to the
Plaintiff’s “Lady Rose” trade mark

19 The Plaintiff had to prove that there was similarity between the allegedly
infringing sign “Rose Lady” and the Plaintiff’s registered trade mark “ _Lady
Rose_ ”. I found that they were similar. They shared strong visual, aural and
conceptual similarities. In any case, the law does not require all three
similarities to be made out before the finding that the allegedly infringing
sign is similar to the registered trade mark can be made: _MediaCorp News Pte
Ltd v Astro All Asia Networks plc_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 496 at [32] (“ _MediaCorp_
”).

Visual similarity

20 In _Ozone Community v Advance Magazine Publishers Inc_ [2010] 2 SLR 459 at
[49], the court cited the following observation from Bently & Sherman,
_Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009) at 865 (“
_Bently & Sherman_”):

in the case of word marks, a determination of visual similarity typically
involves looking at the (a) length of the marks; (b) structure of the marks
(_ie_ , whether there are the same number of words); and (c) whether the same
letters are used in the marks.

21 The court in _Hedgefund Intelligence Ltd v OHIM_ (2009) Cast T-67/08 (“
_Hedgefund Intelligence_ ”) held that marks that consisted of inverted words
(in that case, “HEDGE INVEST” and “InvestHedge”) could be visually similar:

The mere inversion of the elements of a mark cannot allow the conclusion to be
drawn that there is no visual similarity

...

… [E]ven though the elements ‘hedge’ and ‘invest’ appear, in the mark applied
for, in inverted order and written in slightly different characters, the signs
do present visual similarities.

In _Macquarie Bank Limited v Great Southern Loan (SP) Pty Ltd_ [2007] 73 IPR
573, the court held that the marks “FORWARD THINKING” and “THINKING FORWARD”
were visually similar. In _R &C Products Pte Ltd v Hunters Products Pte Ltd_
[1998] ATPR 40-839, the appellant, in using the name “Fresh & Blue” on its
product, was found to have engaged in misleading or deceptive conduct _vis-à-
vis_ the respondent which sold a product called “blue & fresh”. Similarly, in
_Automobile Club De L’ouest v Gardiakos_ [2006] 66 IPR 191, the marks
“Adelaide Le Mans” and “Le Mans Adelaide” were held to be deceptively similar.
It is evident from the case law that marks having identical words in an
inverted sequence can be visually similar.

22 Here, the Defendants’ sign consisted of the same two words present in the
Plaintiff’s mark. Both were also identical in length and had the same number
of words. The main difference was the sequence in which the words were placed,
but as held in the cases above, marks with identical words in an inverted
sequence could be deceptively similar.

23 Additionally, when comparing two marks visually, “what is relevant is the
‘imperfect recollection’ of the consumer” (_Nautical Concept Pte Ltd v Jeffrey
Mark Richard_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1071 at [30]). The average consumer would often
not have the opportunity to make a side-by-side comparison of the marks. As
the court in _Caterpillar Inc v Ong_ _Eng Peng_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 669 held at
[55], “the person who is confused often makes comparison from memory removed
in time and space from the marks.” Accordingly, even where two marks may
appear to be dissimilar, when the possibility of imperfect recollection is
taken into account, the two marks may in fact be similar: _Bently & Sherman_
at 865. Here, the Defendants tried to argue that the two marks were visually
dissimilar as the “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark included a drawing of a rose and was in
a cursive font, whereas the “Rose Lady” mark did not include the drawing of a
rose and was in a plain letter font. However, the words “ _Lady Rose_ ” do
stand out prominently in the Plaintiff’s mark. With imperfect recollection, a
consumer who had seen the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark on a product
previously, and now with the Defendants’ product bearing the “Rose Lady” mark
before her, might imagine the “Rose Lady” mark to be similar to her vague
recollection of the “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark in her mind. As such, I found that
the two marks were visually similar.

Aural similarity

24 The court in _Future Enterprises Pte Ltd v McDonald’s Corp_ [2006] 4 SLR(R)
629 (“ _Future Enterprises (HC)_ ”) at [12] held that in assessing aural
similarity, allowance must be made for “imperfect recollection” and “careless
pronunciation and speech”. In _Hedgefund Intelligence_ , the court held at
[39] that “the fact that the syllables are pronounced in an inverted order
cannot prevent the signs from being similar overall. Consequently, there is a
certain phonetic similarity between them.” Here, the marks shared very strong
aural similarity, especially with imperfect recollection on the part of
consumers being taken into account. When spoken carelessly or quickly, the
marks would sound highly similar. Indeed, the phonetic similarity was actually
evidenced in the course of the trial, where parties sometimes said “Rose Lady”
when they actually intended to refer to the “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark, and _vice
versa_. To a person who was not paying close attention to the inversion of the
two words, he or she could easily be confused and use “Rose Lady” and “ _Lady
Rose_ ” interchangeably. Under cross-examination, the Defendants’ witness Mr
Goh Soo Ching conceded that the two marks were similar:

Q:Would you accept –

A:Mmhm.

Q:\- that the two names, as you call them, “Lady Rose” and “Rose Lady” are
similar?

A:Mm, I – I can accept.

Q:You accept.

A:Yes.

Conceptual similarity

25 When assessing the question of conceptual similarity, it is necessary to
consider the “ideas that lie behind or inform the earlier mark” (_Bently &
Sherman_ at 866). Here, there was very strong conceptual similarity between
the two marks: the composite words of both marks were identical, and both
marks evoked the idea of something floral and feminine. The word “Rose” in
“Rose Lady” also described the flower which formed a part of the Plaintiff’s
mark.

26 As such, I found that the two marks were similar as they shared strong
visual, aural and conceptual similarities.

Whether the “Rose Lady” sign was used in relation to goods or services
identical or similar to those for which the Plaintiff’s “Lady Rose” trade mark
was registered

27 In determining whether the goods are identical, the court will look at the
specification of goods for which the registered trade mark is registered and
the primary purpose(s) for which they are or are to be used, and compare that
with the goods on which the offending mark is applied. Here, the Plaintiff had
to show that the “Rose Lady” mark was being used in relation to goods
identical or similar to “perfumery, essential oils, hair lotions, hair creams
and cosmetics.” As the “Rose Lady” mark was being used on similar cosmetic
products, _viz_ ladies’ skin cover and foundation products, this element was
clearly satisfied.

Whether there was a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public

28 The third element that the Plaintiff had to show was a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public arising from the fact that the “Rose Lady”
sign was similar to Plaintiff’s trade mark “ _Lady Rose_ ” and the Defendants
had used the “Rose Lady” sign in relation to similar goods for which the
Plaintiff’s trade mark was registered. In _Ferrero SPA v Sarika Connoisseur
Cafe Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 176 (“ _Ferrero_ ”), the court held at [92]:

The issue of likelihood of confusion is to be determined as at the time when
the alleged infringing use of the sign commenced (_City Chain_ at [51]), the
test being whether a substantial portion of the relevant public will be
confused.

29 The question of likelihood of confusion is to be considered holistically.
In _Polo_ , the Court of Appeal held thus at [28]:

The question of likelihood of confusion has to be looked at globally taking
into account all the circumstance including the closeness of the goods, the
impression given by the marks, the possibility of imperfect recollection and
the risk that the public might believe that the goods come from the same
source or economically-linked sources.

30 Here, I found that there was a likelihood of confusion on the part of the
public. First, as discussed above, there was a high degree of similarity in
the marks, and the goods were identical. As the court in _Ferrero_ held at
[98], “accordingly, it stands to reason that where there is  _greater
similarity_ in the marks and the goods, it would be easier to find a
likelihood of confusion.”

31 Second, the goods were also being marketed in similar retail locations such
as departmental stores and cosmetics shops, and targeted the same group of
customers, females who used cosmetics. It thus followed that there was a risk
that the public might believe that the “Rose Lady” goods came from the same
source as the “ _Lady Rose_ ” goods, or from economically-linked sources.
Additionally, Mr Park In Pil, director of the 1st Defendant, had conceded
under cross-examination that it was possible that consumers could be confused
by the similarity of the two marks:

Q: |  Right, right, so that is actually my example, the mother just says to the daughter, “Please buy a Lady Rose foundation for me.” The daughter goes to the shop, she sees “Rose Lady”. He’s already accepted that “Lady Rose,” “Rose Lady” are similar. So it must follow that the daughter can come into the shop and be led to believe that they are the same product. You agree, right?”  
---|---  
Interpreter: |  He agrees about the point.  
  
  

32 As such, I found there was likelihood that a substantial portion of the
relevant public, _viz_ consumers of cosmetic products, would be confused.

Conclusion on trade mark infringement

33 I thus found that the Plaintiff had made out all the elements under s
27(2)(b) of the TMA, and succeeded in establishing trade mark infringement.

Passing Off

34 The Plaintiff must establish the following elements to succeed in an action
for passing off. In _Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd and another_ [2009] 3
SLR(R) 216 (“ _Amanresorts_ ”), the court held at [36], [37] and [69]:

(a) First, that the plaintiff has goodwill attached to the goods which he
supplies in the mind of the purchasing public by association with the
identifying “get-up” (whether it consists simply of a brand name or a trade
description, or the individual features of labelling or packaging) under which
his particular goods are offered to the public, such that the get-up is
recognised by the public as distinctive specifically of the plaintiff’s goods.

(b) Second, that the defendant has made a misrepresentation to the public
(whether intentional or otherwise) leading or likely to lead the public to
believe that goods offered by the defendant are those of the plaintiff; and

(c) Third, that the plaintiff suffers or, in a quia timet action, is likely to
suffer, damage to the plaintiff’s goodwill by reason of the erroneous belief
engendered by the defendant’s misrepresentation.

35 The court in _Ferrero_ held at [197]:

In determining whether goodwill exists in a name,  _exposure_ of the name is
the relevant criterion (_Amanresorts_ at [53]). Proving goodwill or
distinctiveness is a question of fact (_City Chain_ at [62]). Possible indicia
of goodwill include volume of sales, trading, advertisements and promotion
expenditure (_ibid_ ;  _Caterpillar_ at [64]). However, mere sales figures
without more are not necessarily coincident with goodwill (_Nation Fittings_
at [158]).

36 Here, the Plaintiff had not conducted any market surveys which indicated
the market share of its products in the cosmetics industry. Although the
Plaintiff provided its annual sales turnover for “ _Lady Rose_ ” products from
2003 to June 2010, these were “mere sales figures without more” – the
Plaintiff did not proceed to elaborate on the significance of these figures or
how they related to volume of sales of its cosmetic products. The annual sales
figures, which represented sales of both cosmetics and non-cosmetic products,
were not particularly impressive as can be seen in the table below:

Plaintiff’s Sales Figures

Year |  Annual Sales (SGD)  
---|---  
2003 |  223,243.00  
2004 |  209,830.00  
2005 |  270,444.00  
2006 |  288,758.00  
2007 |  265,613.00  
2008 |  253,272.00  
2009 |  235,150.00  
2010 |  171,664.02  
June 2011 |  59,582.00  
  
  

As the above were combined sales figures, it was not clear what the sales
figures were specifically for the Plaintiff’s cosmetic products. Additionally,
the fact that the Plaintiff had not advertised its products since 1979
suggested that there had been negligible exposure of the “ _Lady Rose_ ” name
in the media: this was not a case where the Plaintiff had been actively
promoting brand consciousness or awareness through advertising, thereby
actively cultivating goodwill in the name. Although the Plaintiff claimed that
it had an ongoing incentive promotion programme of providing free goods to
retailers, no evidence was adduced of actual advertising and promotion to the
public by the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff was also unable to show evidence that
the benefits of the alleged incentive promotion were extended by the retailers
to the public when cross-examined during the course of the trial. As such,
apart from the fact that the Plaintiff and/or its predecessors had traded
under the “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark for more than 40 years, it failed to adduce any
further evidence of goodwill before this court. The Plaintiff’s case appeared
to be based largely on the bare assertion that it necessarily had goodwill
because it had been trading under this mark for some 40 years.

37 It was stated in Morcom, Roughton and Malynicz, The Modern Law of Trade
Marks, (LexisNexis, 3rd Ed, 2008) at paragraph 14.19 that:

At some point a reputation may be respected by such a small group of people
that it will not support a passing off action. As Laddie J said in _Sutherland
v V2 Music Ltd_ [2002] EWHC 14 (Ch):

“The law of passing off protects a small business as much as the large, but it
will not interfere to protect the goodwill which any reasonable person would
consider trivial.”

In _Hart v Relentless Records Ltd_ [2003] FSR 36 Jacob J (as he then was) said
the court is looking for more than minimal reputation. A goodwill of trivial
extent will not be protected. In that case Mr Justice Jacob described the
claimant as “unmemorable minnow”. Another consequence of minimal goodwill in
that case was that there was no damage.

38 For proof of damage or a likelihood of damage, the Plaintiff simply
asserted that likelihood of damage to its ability to exploit the goodwill
itself could be readily inferred from the fact that the Infringing Products
were in direct competition with the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” products. The
Plaintiff failed to adduce any evidence before me that there was damage or a
likelihood of damage. Instead, in its closing submissions, it simply invited
the court to infer a likelihood of damage based on the fact that the Plaintiff
and Defendants were in a common field of activity. On balance, I was not able
to infer that there was a real likelihood of damage to the Plaintiff’s meagre
goodwill owing to the Defendants’ alleged misrepresentation.

39 A plaintiff might have used a mark or brand name on its goods for a
substantial number of years. But without adequate and sustained promotion and
advertisement, especially in the crowded and competitive cosmetics market
place in Singapore, it could well have remained largely unknown to the
relevant sector of the public and would thus have hardly any reputation and
goodwill to speak about. On the facts of this case, even if there was any
goodwill in “ _Lady Rose_ ”, in my view it would only be trivial. Under these
circumstances, the Plaintiff would have a much more difficult evidential task
to establish actual damage or a real likelihood of damage to its goodwill on a
balance of probabilities.

40 More often than not, it would have been a defendant, who was relatively
unknown in the market place and having inferior goods or products, who would
try to represent its goods in such a way as to pass them off as goods of a far
more established, well known and superior brand. It would be indeed rare for a
defendant with an established, well known and superior brand to pass off its
goods as that of a largely unknown and inferior brand of a plaintiff. Quite
apart from having no good commercial reason for doing so, the defendant would
also run the risk of ruining the goodwill in its own reputable brand.

41 I was more inclined to believe that “VOV”, with its far wider range of
cosmetic products, was a better known brand than “ _Lady Rose_ ”. With hardly
any evidence of damage to the Plaintiff’s goodwill placed before me, I was not
prepared on the facts of this case to find or infer, on a balance of
probabilities, that there was damage or a real likelihood of damage to the
very limited goodwill of the Plaintiff.

42 It would be pertinent to note what the Court of Appeal in _Amanresorts_
held at [94]:

The tort of passing off protects the plaintiff against damage caused to the
goodwill attached to its business, goods or services by the defendant’s
misrepresentation. Thus, even if the defendant’s misrepresentation is shown to
have caused or to be likely to cause confusion between the plaintiff’s
business, goods or services and those of the defendant, such misrepresentation
is not in itself actionable under the law of passing off unless it has caused
(or is likely to cause) damage to the plaintiff’s goodwill.

43 As the Plaintiff failed to discharge its burden of proving that there was
damage or a likelihood of damage to its goodwill, I found that the passing off
claim had not been made out and dismissed it accordingly.

Conclusion

44 Having found that the Defendants had infringed the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady
Rose_ ” word mark under s 27(2)(b) of the TMA, I accordingly granted the
Plaintiff the following injunctions to restrain the Defendants from infringing
the Plaintiff’s “ _Lady Rose_ ” mark:

(a) An injunction to restrain the 1st Defendant, whether acting by its
directors, officers, employees, agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever,
from infringing Trade Mark Registration No T7048436B; and

(b) An injunction to restrain the 2nd Defendant and each of its partners,
whether acting by himself, his employees or agents or any of them or otherwise
howsoever, from infringing Trade Mark Registration No T7048436B.

45 I also made the following ancillary orders:

(a) An order for delivery-up and/or destruction upon oath of all products,
printed or written matter, packaging and all other articles in the power,
possession, custody and/or control of the Defendants and each of them, the use
of which would be in breach of the foregoing injunction(s);

(b) An inquiry as to damages suffered by the Plaintiff, or at the Plaintiff’s
option, an account of profits; and

(c) An order for payment to the Plaintiff of all sums found due upon taking
such inquiry or account, together with interest thereon pursuant to Section 12
of the Civil Law Act, at such rate and for such period as the Court thinks
fit.

46 With regard to costs, I ordered that the Plaintiff was to have 90% of its
costs paid by the Defendants. Although the Plaintiff did not succeed in its
claim for passing off, I found that on the whole it had succeeded in its case
and obtained the desired remedies.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

