Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 163

Case Number| :| Special Case No 1 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S K Kumar (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP) for the
petitioner; Tan Ken Hwee, Andre Jumabhoy, Kwek Chin Yong, Seraphina Fong and
Jeremy Yeo Shenglong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent; Paul
Ong Min-Tse as amicus curiae.  
Parties| :|  Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu — Public Prosecutor  
  
10 August 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 This Special Case (_viz_ , Special Case No 1 of 2012 (“Special Case No 1”))
and Special Case No 2 of 2012 (see the companion grounds of decision in _Amazi
bin Hawasi v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] SGHC 164) state two separate questions
of law for the court’s determination as to the constitutionality of certain
provisions in s 33A of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the
MDA”). Section 33A of the MDA (also referred to hereafter as “s 33A” for short
where appropriate) prescribes mandatory minimum (and enhanced) punishments for
convicted drug offenders who have previously consumed specified drugs (as
defined in s 2 of the MDA). The material provisions in s 33A for the purposes
of this Special Case are as follows:

**Punishment for repeat consumption of specified drugs**

33A.**—(** 1) Where a person who has not less than —

(_a_) 2 previous admissions;

(_b_) 2 previous convictions for consumption of a specified drug under section
8(_b_);

(_c_) 2 previous convictions for an offence of failure to provide a urine
specimen under section 31(2);

(_d_) one previous admission and one previous conviction for consumption of a
specified drug under section 8(_b_);

(_e_) one previous admission and one previous conviction for an offence of
failure to provide a urine specimen under section 31(2); or

(_f_) one previous conviction for consumption of a specified drug under
section 8(_b_) and one previous conviction for an offence of failure to
provide a urine specimen under section 31(2),

is convicted of an offence under section 8(_b_) for consumption of a specified
drug or an offence of failure to provide a urine specimen under section 31(2),
he shall on conviction be punished with —

(i) imprisonment for a term of not less than 5 years and not more than 7
years; and

(ii) not less than 3 strokes and not more than 6 strokes of the cane.

…

2 Section 33A(5)(_c_) of the MDA defines “admission” as an admission to an
“approved institution” (in essence, a drug rehabilitation centre (“DRC”)) for
rehabilitation pursuant to s 34(2) of the MDA. Under s 34(1) of the MDA, the
Director of the Central Narcotics Bureau (“the CNB Director”) may direct “any
person whom he reasonably suspects to be a drug addict” to be medically
examined or observed by a Government medical officer or a medical
practitioner. Under s 34(2) of the MDA, if, as a result of such medical
examination or observation, it appears to the CNB Director that it is
necessary for the person examined or observed:

(_a_) to be subject to supervision, the [CNB] Director may make a supervision
order requiring that person to be subject to the supervision of an officer of
the [Central Narcotics] Bureau for a period not exceeding 2 years; or

(_b_) to undergo treatment or rehabilitation or both at an approved
institution, the [CNB] Director may make an order in writing requiring that
person to be admitted for that purpose to an approved institution.

3 The specific provisions in s 33A which are in issue in this Special Case are
ss 33A(1)(_a_), 33A(1)(_d_) and 33A(1)(_e_) (collectively, “the impugned s 33A
MDA provisions”). In summary, pursuant to these provisions, the court has to
impose the minimum enhanced punishments in s 33A(1) in cases where the
offender has had not less than:

(a) two previous admissions to a DRC (see s 33A(1)(_a_)); or

(b) one previous DRC admission coupled with one previous conviction for the
offence under s 8(_b_) of the MDA (“s 8(_b_) offence”) of consuming a
specified drug (see s 33A(1)(_d_)); or

(c) one previous DRC admission coupled with one previous conviction for the
offence under s 31(2) of the MDA (“s 31(2) offence”) of failure to provide a
urine specimen (see s 33A(1)(_e_)).

4 The stated questions in this Special Case and Special Case No 2 of 2012
raise a fundamental issue of constitutional law in the context of the
principle of separation of powers as to the role of the Legislature, the
Executive and the Judiciary in the punishment of offenders under our criminal
justice system. Specifically, the issue in this Special Case is whether the
impugned s 33A MDA provisions constitute an impermissible legislative
intrusion into the judicial power and accordingly violate the principle of
separation of powers embodied in the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore
(1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Singapore Constitution”). The stated
question in this Special Case also raises additional issues as to whether the
impugned s 33A MDA provisions violate Arts 9 and/or 12 of the Singapore
Constitution. I should point out at this juncture that although ss 33A(1)(_d_)
and 33A(1)(_e_) were raised in addition to s 33A(1)(_a_) in this Special Case,
the submissions of the petitioner, Mohammad Faizal bin Sabtu (“the
Petitioner”), dealt primarily with s 33A(1)(_a_) only. The analysis and
discussion in these grounds of decision will therefore centre on s
33A(1)(_a_). My findings and rulings, however, apply equally to ss 33A(1)(_d_)
and 33A(1)(_e_) as well.

Background to Special Case No 1

5 The Petitioner was charged on 1 April 2011 with a number of offences under
the MDA, including one count of consumption of morphine under s 8(_b_)(ii) of
the MDA. Section 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA was applicable to him as he had two
previous DRC admissions dated 29 August 2007 and 21 October 2008 respectively.
If convicted of the consumption charge preferred against him, he would have to
suffer the enhanced punishment of a minimum of five years’ imprisonment and
three strokes of the cane under ss 33A(1)(i) and 33A(1)(ii) respectively of
the MDA. The Petitioner pleaded guilty to the charges brought against him, and
applied to the High Court for leave to state a Special Case for determination
by the High Court after a similar application to the District Court was
rejected. On 3 February 2012, I directed the District Court to state the
following question of law (“the Stated Question”) for determination by the
High Court:

Does s 33A(1)(a), (d) and/or (e) of the [MDA] violate the separation of powers
embodied in the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore in requiring the
court to impose a mandatory minimum sentence as prescribed thereunder, with
specific reference to “admissions” as defined in s 33A(5)(c) of the MDA?

6 Although the Stated Question was asked in the context of the principle of
separation of powers, the Petitioner also argued, in the course of his
submissions, that the impugned s 33A MDA provisions (in particular, s
33A(1)(_a_)) violated Arts 9 and/or 12 of the Singapore Constitution. After
hearing the submissions of the parties and also those of the _amicus curiae_
(to whom I now express my gratitude for the very comprehensive brief which he
submitted in these proceedings), I answered the Stated Question in the
negative. I now give the reasons for my decision, as well as my rulings on the
specific arguments canvassed by the parties.

The arguments on the constitutionality of s 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA

The Petitioner’s arguments

7 The Petitioner’s case that s 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA is unconstitutional may
be summarised as follows:

(a) Section 33A(1)(_a_) directs the court to treat DRC admissions (which are
executive orders) as convictions (which are judicial orders) in order to
impose the enhanced minimum punishments in s 33A(1) on an offender. This
legislative direction as to the effect of prior executive acts in the
sentencing process intrudes into the sentencing function, which is part of the
judicial power, and therefore violates the principle of separation of
powers[note: 1] (citing _Kable v The Director of Public Prosecutions for the
State of New South Wales_ (1996) 189 CLR 51 (“ _Kable_ ”), _Public Prosecutor
v Dato’ Yap Peng_ [1987] 2 MLJ 311 (“ _Dato’ Yap Peng_ ”), _Moses Hinds and
Others v The Queen_ [1977] AC 195 (“ _Hinds_ ”), _Don John Francis Douglas_
_Liyanage and Others v The Queen_ [1967] 1 AC 259 (“ _Liyanage_ ”), _Lim Keng
Chia v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 1 (“ _Lim Keng Chia_ ”), _Public
Prosecutor v_ _Boon_ _Kiah_ _Kin_ [1993] 2 SLR(R) 26 and _United States v
Klein_ 80 US 128 (1871)).

(b) Section 33A(1)(_a_) also violates Art 12 of the Singapore Constitution in
subjecting an offender with two prior DRC admissions to the same treatment as
an offender with two prior court convictions[note: 2] (citing _Yong Vui Kong v
Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2010] 3 SLR 489 (“ _Yong Vui Kong_
”))_._

(c) The prescribed mandatory minimum sentence of five years’ imprisonment and
three strokes of the cane under ss 33A(1)(i) and 33A(1)(ii) respectively
offends Art 9 of the Singapore Constitution as it is manifestly excessive,
disproportionate and arbitrary, given that an offender who has two prior DRC
admissions is effectively a first-time offender[note: 3] (citing _Ong Ah Chuan
and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”)).

The Prosecution’s arguments

8 The Prosecution’s arguments in response to the Petitioner’s arguments may be
summarised as follows:

(a) Section 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA is not a legislative or executive
usurpation of the judicial power. Punishment is Parliament’s prerogative, and
must be distinguished from the sentencing discretion, which is the province of
the courts. Parliament is entitled to set upper and/or lower limits on the
punishment to be meted out for an offence, while the courts may only impose
the sentences which they are authorised by law to impose[note: 4] (citing
_Hinds_ and _State of South Australia v Totani_ _and Another_ (2010) 242 CLR 1
(“ _Totani_ ”)).

(b) Section 33A(1)(_a_) does not transfer or have the effect of transferring
judicial power to the Executive as the CNB Director does not, when making a
DRC admission order, exercise a judicial function (citing _Lim Keng Chia_).
The prior DRC admissions and prior convictions stated in s 33A(1) are merely
the prescribed conditions that serve to trigger the imposition of the enhanced
minimum punishments under the s 33A(1) sentencing scheme (citing _Hinds_ and
_Totani_).

(c) Parliament is entitled to enact legislation which provides for harsher
punishment for a particular class of offenders in furtherance of a societal
object as long as there is a rational relation between the legislative
classification and that object. The enhanced punishment of drug offenders who
have been shown to have a sustained drug dependency is an intelligible
differentia that bears a rational relation to a valid social object[note: 5]
(citing _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Nguyen Tuong Van v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] 1
SLR(R) 103).

The submissions of the amicus curiae

9 The _amicus curiae_ ’s brief asserts the following principles as being
applicable to the Stated Question:

(a) The judicial power includes the power to determine the measure of
punishment[note: 6] (citing _Chu Kheng Lim and Others v The Minister for
Immigration, Local Government and Ethnic Affairs and Another_ (1992) 176 CLR 1
(“ _Chu Kheng Lim_ ”) and _Kok Wah Kuan v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 5 MLJ 174
(“ _Kok Wah Kuan_ ”)).

(b) In the absence of a strict separation of powers between the various
constitutional organs in a State, the Executive is not precluded from having a
role in the imposition and administration of punishment so long as its role in
this regard does not usurp or interfere with the Judiciary’s exercise of the
judicial power to determine the measure of punishment[note: 7] (citing _R v
Federal Court of Bankruptcy; Ex parte Lowenstein_ (7 March 1938, unreported)
and _S v Dodo_ [2001] 5 BCLR 423 (CC) (“ _Dodo_ ”)).

(c) The Legislature cannot, consistently with the principle of separation of
powers, enact laws which have the effect of vesting in the Executive the
judicial power to determine the punishment to be imposed in a particular
case[note: 8] (citing _Hinds_ , _Reginald_ _Deaton v The Attorney_ _General
and the Revenue Commissioners_ [1963] IR 170 (“ _Deaton_ ”), _Mohammed Muktar
Ali v The Queen_ [1992] 2 AC 93 (“ _Muktar_ _Ali_ ”) and _Kok Wah Kuan_).

(d) While the Legislature may prescribe the jurisdiction to be conferred on
the courts, the legislative powers of the Legislature do not extend to the
enactment of laws which have the effect of directing the courts as to the
manner and outcome of the exercise of their discretion[note: 9] (citing
_Liyanage_ and _Chu Kheng Lim_).

10 On the basis of these principles, the _amicus curiae_ submitted that the
Stated Question ought to be answered in the negative for the following
reasons:

(a) In ordering a DRC admission, the CNB Director is not exercising a judicial
function[note: 10] (citing _Fraser Henleins Proprietary Limited v Cody_ (1945)
70 CLR 100 and _Lim Keng Chia_).

(b) The impugned s 33A MDA provisions do not have the effect of vesting in the
CNB Director the power to determine the measure of punishment to be imposed in
a particular case[note: 11] (citing _Hinds_ and _Palling v Corfield_ (1970)
123 CLR 52 (“ _Palling_ ”)).

(c) The impugned s 33A MDA provisions also do not have the effect of directing
the courts as to the manner and outcome of the exercise of their sentencing
powers under the MDA[note: 12] (citing _Liyanage_ , _Chu Kheng Lim_ , _Totani_
and _Public Prosecutor v Taib_ _bin Ibrahim_ (District Arrest Case No 19762 of
1998)).

The constitutional framework in Singapore

The Westminster model of constitutional government

11 The Stated Question must be analysed against the backdrop of Singapore’s
constitutional framework. The Singapore Constitution is based on the
Westminster model of constitutional government (“the Westminster model”),
under which the sovereign power of the State is distributed among three organs
of state, _viz_ , the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary. In the UK
(where the Westminster model originated), the Legislature is the UK parliament
(comprising the House of Commons and the House of Lords), the Executive is the
UK government and the Judiciary consists of the UK judges. Likewise, under the
Singapore Constitution, the sovereign power of Singapore is shared among the
same trinity of constitutional organs, _viz_ , the Legislature (comprising the
President of Singapore and the Singapore parliament), the Executive (the
Singapore government) and the Judiciary (the judges of the Supreme Court and
the Subordinate Courts). The principle of separation of powers, whether
conceived as a sharing or a division of sovereign power between these three
organs of state, is therefore part of the basic structure of the Singapore
Constitution. Article 38 of the Singapore Constitution vests the legislative
power of Singapore in the Legislature consisting of the President and
Parliament. Article 23(1) of the Singapore Constitution vests the executive
power (or authority) of Singapore in the President, which power is
“exercisable subject to the provisions of this Constitution by him or by the
Cabinet or any Minister authorised by the Cabinet”. Article 93 of the
Singapore Constitution vests the judicial power of Singapore in “a Supreme
Court and in such subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for
the time being in force” (in this regard, see [16] below _vis-à-vis_ the two
different sources of judicial power set out in this Article).

12 All Constitutions based on the Westminster model incorporate the principle
of separation of powers as part of their constitutional structure in order to
diffuse state power among different organs of state. It is for this reason
that Lord Diplock stated in _Hinds_ in relation to such Constitutions (at
212D–212E):

It is taken for granted that the basic principle of separation of powers will
apply to the exercise of their respective functions by these three organs of
government [_viz_ , the Legislature, the Executive and the Judiciary]. Thus
the constitution does not normally contain any express prohibition upon the
exercise of legislative powers by the executive or of judicial powers by
either the executive or the legislature.

The same point is made in Thio Li-ann, _A Treatise on Singapore Constitutional
Law (_ Academy Publishing, 2012) (“ _Thio_ ”) at paras 1.177–1.178.

13 In _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin v Attorney-General_ [1987] SLR(R) 472, F A
Chua J observed at [9] that the then equivalent of the Singapore Constitution
(_viz_ , the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed)) had
“adopt[ed] and codifie[d] most, if not all, of the laws, customs, conventions
and practices of the British constitutional and parliamentary system” (see
also _Thio_ at paras 5.001–5.005). However, there are nonetheless fundamental
differences between the UK’s version of the Westminster model (“the UK’s
Westminster model”) and Singapore’s version of the Westminster model
(“Singapore’s Westminster model”). Two such differences will be mentioned
below.

Differences between the UK’s Westminster model and Singapore’s Westminster
model

The supremacy of the Singapore Constitution

14 The first fundamental difference is that the UK’s Westminster model is
based on the supremacy of the UK parliament, under which the UK parliament is
supreme, with the result that the UK courts have no power to declare an Act of
the UK parliament unconstitutional and, hence, null and void. In contrast,
Singapore’s Westminster model is based on the supremacy of the Singapore
Constitution, with the result that the Singapore courts may declare an Act of
the Singapore parliament invalid for inconsistency with the Singapore
Constitution and, hence, null and void. Article 4 of the Singapore
Constitution expresses this constitutional principle in the following manner:

This Constitution is the supreme law of the Republic of Singapore and any law
enacted by the Legislature after the commencement of this Constitution which
is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the extent of the
inconsistency, be void.

15 It should be noted that Art 4 of the Singapore Constitution states that any
law inconsistent with “this Constitution”, as opposed to any law inconsistent
with “any provision of this Constitution”, is void. The specific form of words
used in Art 4 reinforces the principle that the Singapore parliament may not
enact a law, and the Singapore government may not do an act, which is
inconsistent with the principle of separation of powers to the extent to which
that principle is embodied in the Singapore Constitution.

The exclusiveness of judicial power

16 The second fundamental difference between the UK’s Westminster model and
Singapore’s Westminster model is that under the former, the judicial power of
the UK vests in the UK courts either at common law or by statute. In contrast,
under Singapore’s Westminster model, the judicial power of Singapore is vested
(by Art 93 of the Singapore Constitution) in the Supreme Court and “in such
subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in
force”. The Singapore Constitution thus provides for two different sources of
judicial power. The first and much more significant source is the Singapore
Constitution itself. The judicial power of the Supreme Court is a
constitutional power derived directly from Art 93 and, hence, may be said to
be co-equal in constitutional status with the legislative power and the
executive power, subject only to the limitations expressed in the Singapore
Constitution. The second source of judicial power, which applies to courts
subordinate to the Supreme Court, is, in contrast, statutory in nature (see
the words “any written law for the time being in force” in Art 93).

17 Although Art 93 of the Singapore Constitution sets out two different
sources of judicial power, what is important to note for present purposes is
that the specific wording used in this Article has the effect of vesting the
judicial power of Singapore _exclusively_ in the Supreme Court and the
Subordinate Courts, and not in any entity which is not a “court”, a “court”
being, at common law, an entity with certain characteristics. The reference to
“[c]ourt” in Art 93 would include any statutory body or tribunal having the
characteristics of a court. All Commonwealth Constitutions appear to follow
this practice of vesting the judicial power exclusively in the courts.
Reference may be made to the decision of the Privy Council in _Hinds_ , where
ss 8 and 22 of Jamaica’s Gun Court Act 1974 (No 8 of 1974) were declared
unconstitutional as being contrary to the principle of separation of powers
implicit in the Jamaican Constitution, and therefore void, because they
purported to transfer the power to determine the severity of the punishment to
be inflicted on a specific class of offenders from the Jamaican judiciary to a
review board. As the majority of the members of the review board were laymen
and, thus, not qualified to exercise judicial power, the Privy Council held
that the review board was not a “court” since it did not have the
characteristics of a court. In the Singapore context, the exclusivity of the
judicial power is safeguarded by the provisions in Part VIII of the Singapore
Constitution, which are designed to secure the independence of our judiciary.

The scope and nature of the judicial power _vis-à-vis_ the punishment of
offenders

18 The Stated Question which I have to answer in this Special Case is a narrow
one. It is whether the impugned s 33A MDA provisions (which set out the
conditions that, upon being satisfied, subject an offender to the enhanced
minimum punishments prescribed in s 33A(1)) constitute an impermissible
legislative or executive intrusion into the judicial power. As mentioned at
[6] above, I answered this question in the negative. Before I give my reasons
for coming to this conclusion, it is necessary that I first address a more
fundamental question as to the meaning of “judicial power” and the scope and
nature of this power _vis-à-vis_ the punishment of offenders.

The meaning of “judicial power”

19 The Singapore Constitution does not define “judicial power”. It assumes
that this expression has a core meaning since the Singapore courts had been
exercising judicial functions for about 150 years prior to the introduction of
the Singapore Constitution. Case law would thus have identified certain
hallmarks that, historically or jurisprudentially, would distinguish the
judicial power from the legislative power and the executive power. Such a
distinction is essential to separate one constitutional power from the other
constitutional powers functionally. This is important as the principle of
separation of powers requires that each constitutional organ should act within
the limits of its own powers. This entails, in so far as the judicial branch
is concerned, that the legislative and the executive branches of the State may
not interfere with the exercise of the judicial power by the judicial branch.
This total separation between the exercise of the judicial power on the one
hand and the exercise of the legislative and the executive powers on the other
hand is based on the rule of law (see _Director of Public Prosecutions of
Jamaica v Mollison_ [2003] 2 AC 411 at [13]).

20 In the Australian High Court case of _Huddart, Parker and Co Proprietary
Limited v Moorehead_ (1909) 8 CLR 330 (“ _Huddart_ ”), Griffith CJ provided
what is now regarded as the classic definition of “judicial power” as follows
(at 357):

… [T]he words “judicial power” as used in sec. 71 of the Constitution mean the
power which every sovereign authority must of necessity have to decide
controversies between its subjects, or between itself and its subjects,
whether the rights relate to life, liberty or property. The exercise of this
power does not begin until some tribunal which has power to give a binding and
authoritative decision (whether subject to appeal or not) is called upon to
take action.

21 In _The Queen v The Trade Practices Tribunal and Others; Ex parte Tasmanian
Breweries Proprietary Limited_ (1970) 123 CLR 361 (“ _Tasmanian Breweries_ ”),
Kitto J endorsed and expanded upon Griffith CJ’s definition in _Huddart_ ,
opining that (see _Tasmanian Breweries_ at 374–375):

… [J]udicial power involves, as a general rule, a decision settling for the
future, as between defined persons or classes of persons, a question as to the
existence of a right or obligation, so that an exercise of the power creates a
new charter by reference to which that question is in future to be decided as
between those persons or classes of persons. …

22 In a separate judgment, Windeyer J observed (at 394 of _Tasmanian
Breweries_) as follows:

The concept [of judicial power] seems to me to defy, perhaps it were better to
say transcend, purely abstract conceptual analysis. It inevitably attracts
consideration of predominant characteristics and also invites comparison with
the historic functions and processes of courts of law.

23 In _Chu Kheng Lim_ , Brennan, Deane and Dawson JJ opined in their joint
judgment (at 26–27):

The Constitution is structured upon, and incorporates, the doctrine of the
separation of judicial from executive and legislative powers. Chapter III
gives effect to that doctrine in so far as the vesting of judicial power is
concerned. Its provisions constitute “an exhaustive statement of the manner in
which the judicial power of the Commonwealth [of Australia] is or may be
vested … No part of the judicial power can be conferred in virtue of any other
authority or otherwise than in accordance with the provisions of Chap. III”
[citing _Reg v Kirby; Ex parte Boilermakers’ Society of Australia_ (1956) 94
CLR 254 at 270 _per_ Dixon CJ, McTiernan, Fullagar and Kitto JJ]. Thus, it is
well settled that the grants of legislative power contained in s. 51 of the
Constitution, which are expressly “subject to” the provisions of the
Constitution as a whole, do not permit the conferral upon any organ of the
Executive Government of any part of the judicial power of the Commonwealth [of
Australia].

24 In _Nicholas v The Queen_ (1998) 193 CLR 173, Gaudron J defined “judicial
power” as follows (at [70]):

In general terms, … it is that power which is brought to bear in making
binding determinations as to guilt or innocence, in making binding
determinations as to rights, liabilities, powers, duties or status put in
issue in justiciable controversies, and, in making binding adjustments of
rights and interests in accordance with legal standards. It is a power which
is exercised in accordance with the judicial process and, in that process,
many specific and ancillary powers are also exercised.

25 The US Supreme Court has also provided a neat formulation, opining in
_Prentis v Atlantic Coast Line Co_ 211 US 210 (1908) that the holder of
judicial power (at 226):

… investigates, declares and enforces liabilities as they stand on present or
past facts and under laws supposed already to exist.

26 In the UK, a formulation of the judicial function was offered by the
Donoughmore Committee in “Report of the Committee on Ministers’ Powers” (Cmnd
4060, 1932) in section III, as follows:

A true judicial decision presupposes an existing dispute between two or more
parties, and then involves four requisites:

(1) the presentation (not necessarily orally) of their cases by the parties to
the dispute; (2) if the dispute between them is a question of fact, the
ascertainment of the fact by means of evidence adduced by the parties to the
dispute and often with the assistance of argument by or on behalf of the
parties on the evidence; (3) if the dispute between them is a question of law,
the submission of legal argument by the parties; and (4) a decision which
disposes of the whole matter by a finding upon the facts in dispute and the
application of the law of the land to the facts so found, including where
required a ruling upon any disputed question of law.

27 It can be seen from the above quotations that despite the definitional
difficulties apropos the term “judicial power”, a reasonably clear judicial
consensus as to the nature of the judicial function has emerged from case law.
In essence, the judicial function is premised on the existence of a
controversy either between a State and one or more of its subjects, or between
two or more subjects of a State. The judicial function entails the courts
making a finding on the facts as they stand, applying the relevant law to
those facts and determining the rights and obligations of the parties
concerned for the purposes of governing their relationship for the future. I
note, however, that none of the above quotations touch on the question of
whether the power to impose punishments on offenders is part of the judicial
power. I now turn my attention to this question.

The judicial power to impose punishments

28 In _Chu Kheng Lim_ , McHugh J observed (at 67 of his minority judgment)
that the classification of the _exercise_ of a power as legislative, executive
or judicial was incapable of an exhaustive or a more precise definition
because it:

… frequently depends upon a value judgment as to whether the particular power,
having regard to the circumstances which call for its exercise, falls into one
category rather than another. …

29 Nevertheless, all common law courts, including the Singapore courts, have
consistently accepted, or at least assumed, that the punishment of offenders
is part of the judicial power. For example, in _Dato’ Yap Peng_ , the Supreme
Court of Malaysia held that the court (at 313D):

… possesses the judicial power to try a person for an offence committed by him
and to _pass sentence against him_ if he is found guilty. [emphasis added]

30 Similarly, the Malaysian Court of Appeal in _Kok Wah Kuan_ observed (at
[11]):

… [T]he power to pass sentence and the power to determine the measurement of
punishment are both part of the judicial power. …

31 The above statement from _Kok Wah Kuan_ seems to differentiate between
passing a sentence and determining the measure of punishment to impose. It is
not clear that there is a difference in substance between these two actions.
In my view, they are both integral to the function of imposing punishment on
an offender.

32 In _Chu Kheng Lim_ , Brennan, Deane and Dawson JJ stated in their joint
judgment (at 27):

There are some functions which, by reason of their nature or because of
historical considerations, have become established as _essentially and
exclusively judicial in character_. The most important of them is the
adjudgment and _punishment of criminal guilt_ under the law of the
Commonwealth [of Australia]. That function appertains exclusively to and
“could not be excluded from” [citing _Reg v Davison_ (1954) 90 CLR 353 at 368
and 383] the judicial power of the Commonwealth [of Australia]. [emphasis
added]

33 In my view, in using the words “punishment of criminal guilt” in their
joint judgment in _Chu Kheng Lim_ , Brennan, Deane and Dawson JJ did not mean
to suggest that the sentencing function of the courts extended beyond
determining the measure of punishment to impose in each case before the
courts. These words do not imply that the prescription of the kind and range
of punishments to be imposed for a specific offence or a specific class of
offences is part of or integral to the judicial power, which is distinct and
separate from the legislative power. If a contrary interpretation of the words
“punishment of criminal guilt” in _Chu Kheng Lim_ is adopted (_ie_ , if these
words are interpreted as including the prescription of the kind and range of
punishments as part of the judicial power), that would be inconsistent with
the earlier decision of the Australian High Court in _Palling_ , where it was
held that the fixing or prescription of punishments for offences was _not_
part of the judicial power.

34 In _Palling_ , the issue before the court was whether s 49(2) of the
National Service Act 1951–1968 (Cth) (“the Australian National Service Act”)
infringed the principle of separation of powers in providing that a person
convicted of an offence of failing to respond to a national service notice was
liable to pay a fine of between A$40 and A$200 and, on the request of the
prosecutor, to serve a mandatory sentence of seven days’ imprisonment if he
(the offender) refused to comply with the requirements of the national service
scheme. In a unanimous judgment, Barwick CJ (with whom McTiernan, Menzies,
Windeyer, Owen, Walsh and Gibbs JJ agreed) opined (at 58–59):

It seems to me that the argument supporting the applicant’s submission as to
[the] invalidity [of s 49(2) of the Australian National Service Act] was
founded on a basic misconception as to the exercise of judicial power in
relation to the imposition of penalties or sentences for the commission of
offences created by statute. _It is beyond question that the Parliament can
prescribe such penalty as it thinks fit for the offences which it creates.__It
may make the penalty absolute in the sense that there is but one penalty which
the court is empowered to impose and, in my opinion, it may lay an unqualified
duty on the court to impose that penalty_. _The exercise of the judicial
function is the act of imposing the penalty consequent upon conviction of the
offence which is essentially a judicial act. If the statute nominates the
penalty and imposes on the court a duty to impose it, no judicial power or
function is invaded: nor, in my opinion, is there any judicial power or
discretion not to carry out the terms of the statute._ Ordinarily the court
with the duty of imposing punishment has a discretion as to the extent of the
punishment to be imposed; and sometimes a discretion whether any punishment at
all should be imposed. It is both unusual and in general, in my opinion,
undesirable that the court should not have a discretion in the imposition of
penalties and sentences, for circumstances alter cases and it is a traditional
function of a court of justice to endeavour to make the punishment appropriate
to the circumstances as well as to the nature of the crime. _But whether or
not such a discretion shall be given to the court in relation to a statutory
offence is for the decision of the Parliament_. It cannot be denied that there
are circumstances which may warrant the imposition on the court of a duty to
impose specific punishment. If Parliament chooses to deny the court such a
discretion, and to impose such a duty, as I have mentioned the court must obey
the statute in this respect assuming its validity in other respects. It is
not, in my opinion, a breach of the Constitution not to confide any discretion
to the court as to the penalty to be imposed.

Also _it is within the competence of the Parliament to determine and provide
in the statute a contingency on the occurrence of which the court shall come
under a duty to impose a particular penalty or punishment._ The event or the
happening on which a duty arises or for that matter a discretion becomes
available to a court in relation to the imposition of penalties or punishments
may be objective and necessary to have occurred in fact or it may be the
formation of an opinion by the court or, in my opinion, by some specified or
identifiable person not being a court. The circumstance that on this happening
or contingency, the court is given or is denied as the case may be any
discretion as to the penalty or punishment to be exacted or imposed will not
mean, in my opinion, that judicial power has been invalidly invaded or that
judicial power is attempted to be made exercisable by some person other than a
court within the Constitution. The fact that the happening of the event or the
formation of the opinion is in reality determinative of the penalty or
imprisonment to be ordered does not make the bringing about of the event or
the formation or communication of the relevant opinion by some person or body
other than a court an exercise of judicial power. There may be limits to the
choice of the Parliament in respect of such contingencies but the nature of
the contingency in this case does not require any examination or discussion as
to the existence and, if they exist, the nature of such limits.

Further, the Parliament may leave it to the executive to choose one of two
alternative procedures for the prosecution of an offence, the penalty or
punishment being determined either absolutely or within prescribed limits by
the process of prosecution. Instances were given during the course of the
argument where a choice has been left by Parliament with some person or body
other than a court as to the procedure to be followed in a criminal
prosecution with resultant difference in the permissible penalty or
punishment. The obvious case is that of an offence triable summarily or upon
indictment with differing penalties according to the manner of prosecution
(see ss. 12 and 16 of the Crimes Act 1914–1960 (Cth)) …

[emphasis added]

35 In a separate judgment, Walsh J said (at 68 of _Palling_):

It could not be disputed, and was not disputed, that the Parliament may make a
valid law by which no discretion is given to the court as to the punishment of
a person convicted of an offence. The Parliament may itself specify what
sentence is to be imposed. When an Act requires a court, upon an offence being
proved, to pass a mandatory sentence this does not involve any
unconstitutional intrusion by the legislature into the field of judicial
power. The relevant exercise of judicial power, when there is a prosecution
for an offence against a law of the Commonwealth [of Australia], consists of
the application of the law by the court, according to the terms of the law. If
the Act provides for a mandatory sentence, the only power of sentencing which
the court has in that case is the power to impose that sentence.

If the Parliament may fix unconditionally a fixed sentence for a specified
offence, I am not aware of any principle which would preclude it from
providing that there shall be a fixed sentence for a particular offence when
some stated condition is satisfied, e.g., the condition that the person
convicted had been previously convicted of a similar offence. …

36 Indeed, legal scholarship has shown that there exists little historical and
doctrinal support for the proposition that the sentencing power – _ie_ , the
discretion to determine the measure of punishment to impose on an offender –
is essentially and/or exclusively a judicial power.

The historical treatment of the sentencing power

37 In his study “Judicial Independence and Judicial Functions” in ch 2 of
_Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and Training_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 1992) (Colin
Munro & Martin Wasik eds) (“ _Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and Training_
”), Colin Munro (“Munro”) pointed out that when Montesquieu expounded and
espoused the principle of separation of powers in 1748 in his book _L’Esprit
des Lois_ , he did not consider the sentencing function to be a facet of the
judicial power. Munro noted (at p 27 of _Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and
Training_):

… [I]t is clear that [Montesquieu’s] conception of the judicial function
(including the role of juries, to which he gave prominence) is drawn in terms
of finding facts and adjudicating on law. _He did not consider decisions
concerning the sentence for an offence to be part of the judicial function_ ,
as is evident from a passage in _L’Esprit des Lois_ : “In England, juries
decide whether the accused is guilty or not … and, if he is declared guilty
_the judge_ _pronounces the punishment that the law inflicts for_ _that act_ ;
and, for this, he needs only to open his eyes” [quoting from _L’Esprit des
Lois_ (tr. Nugent, 1949) Book 6, ch 3]. For Montesquieu, _le pouvoir de juger_
, the power of judging, merely involved announcement of the law. … [emphasis
added]

38 Munro also examined other classic texts on the principle of separation of
powers (such as Blackstone’s _Commentaries_ and _The Federalist_ papers) and
noted that they likewise omitted any reference to the sentencing function as a
facet of the judicial power (see _Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and
Training_ at p 27). The discretion to determine the measure of punishment to
impose on an offender was thus not a birthright that accompanied the creation
of the Judiciary as a separate organ of state. On the contrary, it was
initially assumed that the role of the judge was simply, to paraphrase
Montesquieu’s words, to pronounce the punishment that the law inflicted for
the offence in question. This state of affairs is not surprising. At common
law, all capital sentences were mandatory (see _Ong Ah Chuan_ at [33],
_Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and Training_ at p 27 and D A Thomas,
_Principles of Sentencing_ (Heinemann, 2nd Ed, 1979) at p 6). In the UK, the
first half of the 19th century was also characterised by minutely-detailed
offences tailored to address a myriad of fact situations importing different
degrees of culpability, coupled with legislatively-prescribed fixed or maximum
and minimum sentences for each offence. This practice was imported into the
criminal legislation of British colonies by British draftsmen (see, for
example, the carefully-calibrated range of punishments enacted in the Indian
Penal Code (Act No 45 of 1860) to cover the different degrees of culpability
with which an offence may be committed).

39 In Andrew Ashworth, _Sentencing and Criminal Justice_ (Cambridge University
Press, 5th Ed, 2010) (“ _Ashworth_ ”), it is noted (at p 52):

If one looks at the history, then one finds that wide judicial discretion has
only been a characteristic feature of English sentencing for the last hundred
years or so. In the first half of the nineteenth century, there were two
factors that considerably restricted judicial discretion. There were maximum
and minimum sentences for many offences, and several statutes provided a
multiplicity of different offences with different graded maxima. For much of
the nineteenth century, judges were left with less discretion than their
twentieth and twenty-first century counterparts, and _any claim that a wide
sentencing discretion ‘belongs’ to the judiciary is without historical
foundation_. It gains its plausibility only from the legislature’s abandonment
of minimum sentences in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, and
from the trend at one time to replace the plethora of narrowly defined
offences, each with its separate maximum sentence, with a small number of
‘broad band’ offences with fairly high statutory maxima. [emphasis added]

Summing up the development outlined in the above extract from _Ashworth_ ,
Munro observed in _Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and Training_ (at p 28)
that “perhaps two generations of judges had become accustomed to think of
sentencing policy as being entirely their concern”.

40 It can be seen from the foregoing discussion that the judicial discretion
to determine the sentence to impose on an offender is a relatively modern
_legislative_ development. It was the Legislature that, through statute,
vested the courts with the discretionary power to punish offenders in
accordance with the range of sentences prescribed by the Legislature.
Historically, the sentencing power was neither inherent nor integral to the
judicial function as the measure and range of punishments to be imposed for a
specific offence or a specific class of offences was determined by
legislation. This can be seen from, _inter alia_ , _Ex parte United States_
242 US 27 (1916), where the US Supreme Court emphasised that it was
“indisputable” that (at 42):

… _[T]he authority to define and fix the punishment for crime is legislative_
and includes the right in advance to bring within judicial discretion, for the
purpose of executing the statute, elements of consideration which would be
otherwise beyond the scope of judicial authority … [emphasis added]

41 Similarly, in the US Supreme Court decision of _Mistretta v United States_
488 US 361 (1989), Blackmun J held (at 364):

Historically, federal sentencing – the function of determining the scope and
extent of punishment – never has been thought to be assigned by the
Constitution to the exclusive jurisdiction of any one of the three Branches of
Government. Congress, of course, has the power to fix the sentence for a
federal crime, _United States_ v. _Wiltberger_ , 5 Wheat. 76 (1820), and the
scope of judicial discretion with respect to a sentence is subject to
congressional control. _Ex parte United States_ , 242 U.S. 27 (1916).

Likewise, in _Mutart v Pratt, Warden of State Prison_ 51 Utah 246 (1917), the
Supreme Court of Utah said (at 250):

That the Legislature of this state has the sole power to fix the punishment to
be inflicted for a particular crime, with the limitation only that it be not
cruel or excessive will not be questioned. That it may fix any punishment,
subject to the above limitation, and leave no discretion whatever in the
courts as to the extent or degree of punishment is a well-recognized and
universally accepted doctrine, and under a statute fixing a definite period
the court has no more discretion as to the punishment than the police officer
whose duty it is to carry the punishment into effect …

42 It is against this historical backdrop that Commonwealth courts have
consistently rejected arguments that a reduction in the Judiciary’s sentencing
discretion in itself constitutes an unconstitutional derogation from the core
of the judicial function. They have repeatedly held that in the absence of any
constitutional provisions to the contrary, the Legislature may prescribe
whatever punishment it thinks fit and proper for the offences that it creates.
The exercise of such power involves policy considerations which are “beyond
the scope of judicial authority” (see _Ex parte United States_ at 42 (quoted
at [40] above)) or, indeed, judicial competence. Hence, the prescription of
the death penalty, whether as a mandatory or a discretionary punishment, has
never been held to be outside the legislative power, except in States where
capital punishment is expressly prohibited by the Constitution. For example,
the Privy Council has held the mandatory death penalty to be unconstitutional
under the Constitutions of some West Indian States on the ground that the
Constitutions concerned prohibit punishments which are cruel, unusual or
inhumane (see the cases discussed in _Yong Vui Kong_). In the Singapore
context, the Court of Appeal in _Chew Seow Leng v Public Prosecutor_ [2005]
SGCA 11 took it for granted that the prescription of punishments for offences
(and of the mandatory death penalty in particular) was part of the
_legislative_ power when it said (_per_ Lai Kew Chai J at [40]):

The mandatory death penalty imposed under the MDA [_ie_ , the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), as opposed to the MDA as defined at [1] above]
reflects our society’s abhorrence of drug trafficking, and counsel presented
nothing before this court to show that society’s views have changed on this
issue. Furthermore, any changes to the MDA to reflect changing social
attitudes towards drug offences, if indeed a change has taken place, is a
matter that is, more appropriately, within the purview of Parliament.

The source of the legislative power to prescribe punishments

43 The power to prescribe punishments is an integral part of the power to
enact the offences for which the prescribed punishments are to apply. An
offence serves no social purpose without punishment for its commission. In
_Hinds_ , Lord Diplock located the source of both powers (_viz_ , the power to
enact offences and the power to prescribe punishments for enacted offences) in
s 20(1) of the Jamaican Constitution and said (at 225–227):

In the field of punishment for criminal offences, the application of the
basi[c] principle of separation of legislative, executive and judicial powers
that is implicit in a constitution on the Westminster model makes it necessary
to consider how the power to determine the length and character of a sentence
which imposes restrictions on the personal liberty of the offender is
distributed under these three heads of power. **_The power conferred upon the
Parliament to make laws for the peace, order and good government of Jamaica
enables it not only to define what conduct shall constitute a criminal offence
but also to prescribe the punishment to be inflicted on those persons who have
been found guilty of that conduct by an independent and impartial court
established by law_** : see Constitution, Chapter III, section 20(1)_._ The
carrying out of the punishment where it involves a deprivation of personal
liberty is a function of the executive power; and, subject to any restrictions
imposed by a law, it lies within the power of the executive to regulate the
conditions under which the punishment is carried out. In the exercise of its
legislative power, Parliament may, if it thinks fit, prescribe a fixed
punishment to be inflicted upon all offenders found guilty of the defined
offence – as, for example, capital punishment for the crime of murder. Or it
may prescribe a range of punishments up to a maximum in severity, either with
or, as is more common, without a minimum, leaving it to the court by which the
individual is tried to determine what punishment falling within the range
prescribed by Parliament is appropriate in the particular circumstances of his
case.

Thus Parliament, in the exercise of its legislative power, may make a law
imposing limits upon the discretion of the judges who preside over the courts
by whom offences against that law are tried to inflict on an individual
offender a custodial sentence the length of which reflects the judge’s own
assessment of the gravity of the offender’s conduct in the particular
circumstance of his case. What Parliament cannot do, consistently with the
separation of powers, is to transfer from the judiciary to any executive body
whose members are not appointed under Chapter VII of the Constitution, a
discretion to determine the severity of the punishment to be inflicted upon an
individual member of a class of offenders. Whilst none would suggest that a
Review Board composed as is provided in section 22 of the Gun Court Act 1974
would not perform its duties responsibly and impartially, the fact remains
that the majority of its members are not persons qualified by the Constitution
to exercise judicial powers. A breach of a constitutional restriction is not
excused by the good intentions with which the legislative power has been
exceeded by the particular law. If, consistently with the Constitution, it is
permissible for the Parliament to confer the discretion to determine the
length of custodial sentences for criminal offences upon a body composed as
the Review Board is, it would be equally permissible to a less well-
intentioned Parliament to confer the same discretion upon any other person or
body of persons not qualified to exercise judicial powers, and in this way,
without any amendment of the Constitution, to open the door to the exercise of
arbitrary power by the executive in the whole field of criminal law. In this
connection their Lordships would not seek to improve on what was said by the
Supreme Court of Ireland in _Deaton_ v. _Attorney-General and the Revenue
Commissioners_ [1963] I.R. 170, 182–183, a case which concerned a law in which
the choice of alternative penalties was left to the executive.

“There is a clear distinction between the prescription of a fixed penalty and
the selection of a penalty for a particular case. The prescription of a fixed
penalty is the statement of a general rule, which is one of the
characteristics of legislation; this is wholly different from the selection of
a penalty to be imposed in a particular case. … The legislature does not
prescribe the penalty to be imposed in an individual citizen’s case; it states
the general rule, and the application of that rule is for the courts … the
selection of punishment is an integral part of the administration of justice
and, as such, cannot be committed to the hands of the executive …”

This was said in relation to the Constitution of the Irish Republic, which is
also based upon the separation of powers. In their Lordships’ view it applies
with even greater force to constitutions on the Westminster model. They would
only add that under such constitutions the legislature not only does not, but
it _can_ not, prescribe the penalty to be imposed in an individual citizen’s
case: _Liyanage_ v. _The Queen_ [1967] 1 A.C. 259.

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

44 Under the Singapore Constitution, the power to make laws is set out in Art
38 (which provides that the legislative power of Singapore shall be vested in
the Legislature, which shall consist of the President and Parliament) and Art
58 (which provides that the power of the Legislature to make laws shall be
exercised by Bills passed by Parliament and assented to by the President).
That the Legislature has the power to prescribe punishments of any kind for a
defined offence (whether the punishment be mandatory or discretionary, and
whether it be fixed or within a prescribed range) is implicit in Art 9(1) of
the Singapore Constitution, which provides that “[n]o person shall be deprived
of his life or personal liberty _save in accordance with law_ ” [emphasis
added]. As defined in Art 2(1) of the Singapore Constitution, the word “law”
includes the common law, but since all offences in Singapore are statute-based
(including criminal contempt of court, although our courts have unlimited
power to punish any contemnor), Art 9 takes it for granted that Parliament may
enact criminal laws and prescribe punishments that will affect the life or
personal liberty of any person convicted by a court of a defined offence
(subject only to the constitutional protections set out in Part IV of the
Singapore Constitution and the principle of separation of powers to the extent
to which it is embodied in the Singapore Constitution). Having regard to Art
9, there is no legal basis to argue that the death penalty, whether as a
mandatory or a discretionary punishment, is unconstitutional (see _Yong Vui
Kong_ , where the Court of Appeal held that the mandatory death penalty did
not violate the Singapore Constitution as there was no constitutional
prohibition against the prescription of the mandatory death penalty for any
offence).

45 Since the power to prescribe punishments for offences is part of the
legislative power and not the judicial power (as Commonwealth and US case law
shows), it must follow that no written law of general application prescribing
any kind of punishment for an offence, whether such punishment be mandatory or
discretionary and whether it be fixed or within a prescribed range, can
trespass onto the judicial power. On the contrary, it is the duty of the
courts to inflict the legislatively-prescribed punishments on offenders,
exercising such discretion as may have been given to them by the Legislature
to select the punishments which they think appropriate. As Yong Pung How CJ
said in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 1022 (“ _Tan Fook
Sum_ ”) at [14]:

It is axiomatic that the court must pass sentence according to law: ss
180(_n_)(ii) and 192(2) of the [Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed)]. A “sentence according to law” means that the sentence must not only be
within the ambit of the punishable section, but it must also be assessed and
passed in accordance with established judicial principles: _PP v Jafa bin
Daud_ [1981] 1 MLJ 315 at 316. Leaving aside for the moment the ambit of the
relevant “punishable section” in the present case, the application of the
“established judicial principles” really requires the court, where the
Legislature’s prescriptions as to punishment are open-ended, to balance the
diverse and often competing policy considerations.

Reasons for rejecting the Petitioner’s arguments on the impugned s 33A MDA
provisions

The arguments concerning the principle of separation of powers

46 For the reasons stated above, there can be no question of the impugned s
33A MDA provisions being in violation of the principle of separation of
powers. The impugned s 33A MDA provisions prescribe the conditions which, upon
being satisfied, will result in the imposition of the mandated enhanced
punishments set out in s 33A(1). These mandated enhanced punishments are a
minimum sentence. Parliament has merely prescribed, via the impugned s 33A MDA
provisions, the conditions (_viz_ , previous convictions for a s 8(_b_)
offence and/or a s 31(2) offence and previous DRC admissions) which are to be
treated as aggravating factors for the purposes of subjecting offenders to the
enhanced minimum punishments set out in s 33A(1). The rationale for
introducing these enhanced punishments was explained by Mr Wong Kan Seng, the
then Minister for Home Affairs, as follows when he moved the Misuse of Drugs
(Amendment) Bill 1998 (Bill 17 of 1998) to introduce these punishments (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (1 June 1998) vol 69 at
col 43):

… [L]ong term-imprisonment and caning for hardcore addicts … serves a number
of objectives. Firstly, by putting these addicts out of circulation for a long
time, it will help to protect the public from them, especially as a majority
of these addicts turn to crime to feed their habit. Secondly, it is also aimed
at deterring drug addicts from persisting in their drug addiction by making
the consequences of continued addiction very severe. In the long run, the
long-term imprisonment and caning should help to reduce the relapse rate of
drug addicts and deter potential drug abusers from falling into the drug trap.
…

47 The impugned s 33A MDA provisions, in prescribing the conditions which,
when satisfied, trigger the application of the enhanced minimum punishments in
s 33A(1), do have the effect of directing the courts to inflict, at the very
least, the mandatory minimum punishments when the conditions are satisfied.
But, this form of legislation is not constitutionally objectionable because it
is in substance no different from s 33 of the MDA read with the Second
Schedule thereto, which (_inter alia_) prescribe the mandatory death penalty
for certain drug trafficking offences involving controlled drugs of or
exceeding a specified quantity. The only distinction is that s 33A(1) fixes
the _minimum_ punishment, whereas s 33 read with the Second Schedule to the
MDA stipulates a _fixed_ punishment. Further, the impugned s 33A MDA
provisions do not have the effect of prescribing the punishment to be imposed
on particular individuals or of directing the outcome of pending criminal
proceedings, unlike the legislation in cases such as _Kable_ and _Liyanage_ ,
with which the Petitioner erroneously drew an analogy. The enhanced
punishments under s 33A(1) apply generally to all offenders who fulfil the
prescribed conditions set out in the impugned s 33A MDA provisions.

48 The Petitioner also argued, in relation to s 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA
specifically, that this provision had the effect of treating or deeming a
previous DRC admission as a previous conviction for the purposes of imposing
the enhanced punishments in s 33A(1) on an offender, thereby changing a
previous DRC admission into a previous conviction. In my view, this argument
has no merit. Section 33A(1)(_a_) neither says that a previous DRC admission
is a previous conviction nor achieves such an effect; it also does not treat a
previous DRC admission as an antecedent, _ie_ , as if it were a previous
conviction. All that s 33A(1)(_a_) does is to treat a previous DRC admission
as an aggravating factor in the same way that a previous conviction for a s
8(_b_) offence and/or a s 31(2) offence is treated as an aggravating factor
under ss 33A(1)(_b_)–33A(1)(_f_). Section 33A(1)(_a_) does not convert a
previous DRC admission into a previous conviction for any purpose whatsoever.
In this regard, the fact that a DRC admission is an executive decision is
irrelevant and does not amount to the Executive interfering with the
sentencing function of the courts. As the High Court of Australia held in
_Totani_ (at [71] _per_ French CJ):

It has been accepted by this Court that the Parliament of the Commonwealth [of
Australia] may pass a law which requires a court exercising federal
jurisdiction _to make specified orders if some conditions are met even if
satisfaction of such conditions depends upon a decision or decisions of the
executive government or one of its authorities_ [citing _Palling_]. The
Parliament of a State may enact a law of a similar kind in relation to the
exercise of jurisdiction under State law. It is also the case that “in
general, a legislature can select whatever factum it wishes as the ‘trigger’
of a particular legislative consequence” [citing _Baker v The Queen_ (2004)
223 CLR 513 at 532]. [emphasis added]

49 In so far as s 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA directs that previous DRC admissions
are to be treated as an aggravating factor in determining whether the
mandatory minimum punishments in s 33A(1) are applicable, Parliament is doing
no more than what the courts could have done if s 33A(1)(_a_) had not provided
for this particular aggravating factor. Consistent with the sentencing policy
of the courts, there would be nothing to prevent a court from treating a
previous DRC admission as an aggravating factor for the purposes of punishing
an offender. Indeed, in my view, the courts would be fully justified in doing
so for the reason which I stated during the hearing of this Special Case,
namely: a DRC admission is designed to rehabilitate a drug addict for his
personal benefit and in the larger societal interest. Before an order for
admission to a DRC is made, the fact that the individual concerned is a drug
addict would have been conclusively determined by scientific evidence (see s
34 of the MDA). It is inaccurate to characterise a DRC admission as inflicting
punishment on an individual who would otherwise not have suffered any
punishment because, as a drug addict, the individual concerned could have been
convicted of illegal consumption of a controlled drug had he been charged. In
being subject to a DRC admission instead of a criminal charge for drug
consumption, the individual concerned has also been spared a criminal record.
In these circumstances, a court would be fully justified in treating (pursuant
to s 33A(1)(_a_)) the fact that an individual is a drug addict who has already
had two DRC admissions as an aggravating factor in meting out the appropriate
punishment for his subsequent s 8(_b_) offence or s 31(2) offence. In this
respect, I reiterate that although the courts have long assumed that it is
part of the judicial function to impose punishments, the imposition of
punishments is always subject to the power of the Legislature to prescribe the
applicable punishments. In other words, the courts’ sentencing function must
be exercised in accordance with the kinds and range of punishments prescribed
by the Legislature. The sentencing power of our courts is derived from
legislation, although our courts have the discretion to decide, within the
range of legislatively-prescribed punishments, what the appropriate sentence
in a particular case would be (see _Tan Fook Sum_ at [14]). Hence, the
legislative prescription of factors for our courts to take into account in
sentencing offenders cannot and does not intrude into the judicial power.

50 In this connection, it is interesting to note the views of the
Constitutional Court of South Africa on this issue apropos the South African
Constitution. In _Dodo_ , the South African Constitutional Court stated (at
[22]–[25]):

22 There is under our Constitution no absolute separation of powers between
the judicial function, on the one hand, and the legislative and executive on
the other. When the nature and process of punishment is considered in its
totality, it is apparent that all three branches of the State play a
functional role and must necessarily do so. No judicial punishment can take
place unless the person to be punished has been convicted of an offence which
either under the common law or statute carries with it a punishment. It is
pre-eminently the function of the legislature to determine what conduct should
be criminalised and punished. Even here the separation is not complete,
because this function of the legislature is checked by the Constitution in
general and by the Bill of Rights in particular, and such checks are enforced
through the courts.

23 Both the legislature and executive share an interest in the punishment to
be imposed by courts, both in regard to its natureand its severity. They have
a general interest in sentencing policy, penology and the extent to which
correctional institutions are used to further the various objectives of
punishment. The availability and cost of prisons, as well as the views of
these arms of government on custodial sentences, legitimately inform policy on
alternative forms of non-custodial sentences and the legislative
implementation thereof. Examples that come to mind are the conditions on, and
maximum periods for which sentences may be postponed or suspended.

24 The executive and legislative branches of State have a very real interest
in the severity of sentences. The executive has a general obligation to ensure
that law-abiding persons are protected, if needs be through the criminal laws,
from persons who are bent on breaking the law. This obligation weighs
particularly heavily in regard to crimes of violence against bodily integrity
and increases with the severity of the crime.

25 In order to discharge this obligation, which is an integral part of
constitutionalism, the executive and legislative branches must have the power
under the Constitution to carry out these obligations. They must have the
power, through legislative means, of ensuring that sufficiently severe
penalties are imposed on dangerous criminals in order to protect society. The
legislature’s objective of ensuring greater consistency in sentencing is also
a legitimate aim and the legislature must have the power to legislate in this
area. …

51 Although the legislative prescription of factors for the courts to take
into account in sentencing offenders does not intrude into the judicial power,
there have nonetheless been cases where Commonwealth courts have held that the
legislative provisions in question gave the Executive powers which trespassed
onto the sentencing function of the courts and were thus unconstitutional.
These cases may be divided into three classes:

(a) first, cases involving legislation which enabled the Executive to actually
_select the sentence_ to be imposed in a particular case _after_ the accused
person was convicted by a court of law;

(b) second, cases involving legislation which enabled the Executive to make
_administrative decisions which were directly related to the charges brought
against a particular accused person_ , and which had an impact on the actual
sentence eventually imposed by a court of law; and

(c) third, cases involving legislation which enabled the Executive to make
_administrative decisions which were_ _not directly related to any charges
brought against a particular accused person at the time of those decisions,
but which had an impact on the actual sentence eventually imposed by a court
of law_ pursuant to legislative directions that the Executive’s administrative
decisions were a condition which limited or eliminated the court’s sentencing
discretion.

52 _Deaton_ , _Hinds_ and _Palling_ fall within the first category of cases.
In _Deaton_ , for instance, the impugned legislation empowered the Revenue
Commissioners of Ireland to elect which of two penalties prescribed in the
relevant provisions was to be imposed by the court. The Irish Supreme Court
held that this was a violation of the principle of separation of powers
because it effectively left the choice of alternative penalties to the
Executive when that choice should have been left to the courts (see _Deaton_
at 182–183).

53 _Muktar Ali_ , which was an appeal to the Privy Council from a decision of
the Supreme Court of Mauritius, falls within the second category of cases. In
_Muktar_ _Ali_ , the impugned legislation gave the Director of Public
Prosecutions of Mauritius (“the Mauritian DPP”) the discretion to prosecute an
individual for drug trafficking either: (a) in an Intermediate Court or a
District Court; or (b) in the Supreme Court before a judge sitting without a
jury. The Mauritian DPP’s choice of the latter option led to the imposition of
the mandatory death penalty on the offender when he was convicted. The Privy
Council affirmed that the prosecutorial discretion was wide enough to enable
the Mauritian DPP to decide whether a person should be charged with one
offence rather than another. However, the Privy Council struck down the
impugned legislation because it effectively allowed the Mauritian DPP, by his
selection of the court of trial, to select the sentence which would be imposed
should the accused be convicted. The Privy Council noted (at 104F–104H):

… The vice of the present case is that the [Mauritian DPP’s] discretion to
prosecute importation [of drugs] with an allegation of trafficking either in a
court which must impose the death penalty on conviction with the requisite
finding or in a court which can only impose a fine and imprisonment _enables
him in substance to select the penalty to be imposed in a particular case_.

As their Lordships have observed, a discretion vested in a prosecuting
authority to choose the court before which to bring an individual charged with
a particular offence is not objectionable if the selection of the punishment
to be inflicted on conviction remains at the discretion of the sentencing
court. Here one of the courts before which the [Mauritian DPP] might choose to
prosecute the offence, namely a judge without a jury, was given no such
discretion. …

[emphasis added]

54 _Muktar Ali_ is different from the ordinary case in Singapore (in the
context of the offence of drug trafficking) where the Public Prosecutor elects
to charge an accused with a non-capital drug trafficking charge (_eg_ , by
reducing the quantity of drugs stated in the charge such that the amount of
controlled drugs involved falls below the threshold quantity for which the
mandatory death penalty is prescribed (see _Ramalingam Ravinthran v Attorney-
General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“ _Ramalingam_ ”) at [65], _Yong Vui Kong v Public
Prosecutor_ [2012] 2 SLR 872 (“ _Yong Vui Kong (Prosecutorial Discretion)_ ”
at [17] and _Quek Hock Lai v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 2 SLR 1012 at
[30]–[31]). The exercise of the prosecutorial discretion in such cases would
not intrude into the judicial power. The question would instead simply be
whether the exercise of the prosecutorial discretion breached Art 12 of the
Singapore Constitution because it was tainted by bias or was based on
irrelevant considerations (see _Yong Vui Kong (Prosecutorial Discretion)_ at
[34]–[39] and _Ramalingam_ at [69]–[71]). In _Muktar_ _Ali_ , the
prosecutorial decision was based on legislation under which a prosecution for
trafficking in exactly the same quantity of drugs would result in two very
different punishments – one capital and the other, non-capital – depending on
which court the Prosecution chose to prosecute the accused in. The legislation
in question did not stipulate any threshold quantity of drugs for the purposes
of determining whether or not a prosecution should take place in a court
which, upon convicting the accused, had to impose the death penalty.

55 _Totani_ falls within the third category of cases. In _Totani_ , the
impugned legislation (referred to in the quotation below as “the SOCC Act”)
compelled the court to impose control orders on individuals upon a finding
that they were members of organisations declared by the Executive to be a risk
to public safety and order. The control orders were to be made notwithstanding
that the members of those organisations were not convicted of any offence by a
court of law. The High Court of Australia held (by a majority of 6:1) that the
impugned legislation was unconstitutional. The court said (_per_ French CJ):

4 … Section 14(1) [of the SOCC Act] requires the Magistrates Court to make a
decision largely pre-ordained by an executive declaration for which no reasons
need be given, the merits of which cannot be questioned in that Court and
which is based on executive determinations of criminal conduct committed by
persons who may not be before the Court. The SOCC Act thereby requires the
Magistrates Court to carry out a function which is inconsistent with
fundamental assumptions, upon which Ch III of the Constitution is based, about
the rule of law and the independence of courts and judges. …

…

75 Section 14(1) of the SOCC Act confers upon the Magistrates Court the
obligation, upon application by the Commissioner [of Police], to make a
control order in respect of a person by reason of that person’s membership of
an organisation declared by the Attorney-General [to be a risk to public
safety and order]. The declaration rests upon a number of findings including,
in every case, a determination by the Attorney-General that members of the
organisation, who need not be specified, have committed criminal offences, for
which they may never have been charged or convicted. The findings, of which
the Magistrates Court may be for the most part unaware and which in any event
it cannot effectively or readily question, enliven, through the declaration
which they support, the duty of the Court to make control orders against any
member of the organisation in respect of whom the Commissioner [of Police]
makes an application. That is so whether or not that member has committed or
is ever likely to commit a criminal offence. …

…

77 Submissions made by the State of South Australia identified findings which
the Magistrates Court would have to make before issuing a control order under
s 14(1). … It was submitted, having regard to [those] matters, that the Court,
exercising its power under s 14(1), undertakes a genuine adjudicative process
free from any interference from the executive. Reliance was also placed upon
the availability of the objection procedure and the Court’s discretion in
framing a control order in that context.

78 The fact that the impugned legislation provides for an adjudicative process
does not determine the question whether it impairs the institutional integrity
of the Magistrates Court by impairing the reality or appearance of judicial
decisional independence. …

…

82 Section 14(1) represents a substantial recruitment of the judicial function
of the Magistrates Court to an essentially executive process. It gives the
neutral colour of a judicial decision to what will be, for the most part in
most cases, the result of executive action. … Section 14(1) impairs the
decisional independence of the Magistrates Court from the executive in
substance and in appearance in areas going to personal liberty and the
liability to criminal sanctions which lie at the heart of the judicial
function. …

56 In other words, _Totani_ was a case in which the Australian legislature
disguised what was in substance an executive decision as a judicial decision.
At the hearing before me, the _amicus curiae_ referred to this case as an
example of the application of the integrity principle (which assesses whether
a certain executive function is inconsistent with the integrity of the
judicial function) in determining whether the principle of separation of
powers has been violated.

57 In the present case, the scheme of enhanced punishments in s 33A(1) does
not fall within any one of the above-mentioned categories. Unlike the impugned
legislation in _Deaton_ , _Hinds_ and _Palling_ , s 33A(1)(_a_) of the MDA
does not empower the CNB Director to directly or indirectly select the
sentence to be imposed on an individual who, after having had two previous DRC
admissions, is subsequently convicted of either a s 8(_b_) offence or a s
31(2) offence; rather, it is the trial court which determines the length of
the custodial sentence and the number of strokes of the cane to impose,
subject to the mandatory minimum punishments set out in s 33A(1). Section
33A(1)(_a_) also does not empower any member of the Executive to choose the
court in which to try an offender so as to obtain a particular sentencing
result on the facts, unlike the legislation in issue in _Muktar_ _Ali_. The
closest analogy to the present case is _Totani_. However, unlike the scheme in
_Totani_ , the scheme in s 33A does not involve the imposition of a sentence
absent a judicial finding of guilt. Furthermore, unlike the scheme in _Totani_
, the Executive’s exercise of discretion in ordering a DRC admission under s
34 of the MDA is not directed at achieving a particular sentencing outcome,
but, rather, is directed at the limited, legislatively-prescribed objective of
rehabilitation. The fact that the Legislature has prescribed that previous DRC
admissions constitute an aggravating factor under s 33A(1)(_a_) for the
purposes of punishing an offender for his subsequent and separate s 8(_b_)
offence or s 31(2) offence has no bearing on the CNB Director’s exercise of
discretion under s 34 of the MDA.

The arguments concerning Art 12 of the Singapore Constitution

58 As mentioned at [6] above, the Petitioner also argued that s 33A(1)_(a_) of
the MDA violated the right to equal protection under Art 12 of the Singapore
Constitution on the ground that it subjected an individual with two prior DRC
admissions to the same treatment as an individual with two prior court
convictions. In my view, this argument has no merit. It turns Art 12 on its
head because, in fact, the Petitioner has enjoyed the benefit of two previous
rehabilitation programmes when the same drug consumption conduct which he
engaged in could well have attracted criminal prosecution. Upholding the
Petitioner’s argument on Art 12 would effectively compel the State to
prosecute drug addicts like the Petitioner without giving them a chance to
rehabilitate themselves and become useful and productive members of the
community. In _Yong Vui Kong_ , an analogous argument was rejected by the
Court of Appeal. In this regard, the following statement of Lord Diplock in
_Ong Ah Chuan_ (at [37]), although made in a different context, is apt:

The questions whether this dissimilarity in circumstances justifies any
differentiation in the punishments imposed upon individuals who fall within
one class and those who fall within the other, and, if so, what are the
appropriate punishments for each class, are questions of social policy. …
[T]hese are questions which it is the function of the Legislature to decide,
not that of the Judiciary. Provided that the factor which the Legislature
adopts as constituting the dissimilarity in circumstances is _not purely
arbitrary_ _but bears_ a _reasonable_ _relation to the social object of the
law_ , there is no inconsistency with Art 12(1) of [the Constitution of the
Republic of Singapore (1980 Reprint)]. [emphasis added]

The arguments concerning Art 9 of the Singapore Constitution

59 With regard to the Petitioner’s arguments on Art 9 of the Singapore
Constitution, it was not clear to me what the precise thrust of his arguments
was. The gist of his arguments appeared to be that the minimum mandatory
sentence of five years’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane prescribed
under ss 33A(1)(i) and 33A(1)(ii) respectively was manifestly excessive,
disproportionate and arbitrary, and, hence, not “in accordance with law” for
the purposes of Art 9(1) of the Singapore Constitution. In essence, the
Petitioner’s arguments were based on the principle of proportionality, which
received support from the Constitutional Court of South Africa in _Dodo_ (at
[26]) as follows:

The legislature’s powers are decidedly not unlimited. Legislation is by its
nature general. It cannot provide for each individually determined case.
Accordingly such power ought not, on general constitutional principles, wholly
to exclude the important function and power of a court to apply and adapt a
general principle to the individual case. This power must be appropriately
balanced with that of the judiciary. What an appropriate balance ought to be
is incapable of comprehensive abstract formulation, but must be decided as
specific challenges arise. _In the field of sentencing, however, it can be
stated as a matter of principle, that the legislature ought not to oblige the
judiciary to impose a punishment which is wholly lacking in proportionality to
the crime_. This would be inimical to the rule of law and the constitutional
State. It would a fortiori be so if the legislature obliged the judiciary to
pass a sentence which was inconsistent with the Constitution and in particular
with the Bill of Rights. The clearest example of this would be a statutory
provision that obliged a court to impose a sentence which was inconsistent
with an accused’s right not to be sentenced to a punishment which was cruel,
inhuman or degrading as envisaged by section 12(1)(e) of the Constitution, or
to a fair trial under section 35(3). [emphasis added]

60 As far as the position in Singapore is concerned, the prescription of
punishments for offences falls under the legislative power and not the
judicial power (see [43]–[45] above). The principle of proportionality, as a
principle of law (as opposed to a principle of good government), has no
application to the legislative power to prescribe punishments. If it were
applicable, then all mandatory fixed, maximum or minimum punishments would be
unconstitutional as they can never be proportionate to the culpability of the
offender in each and every case. That said, although the principle of
proportionality is inapplicable to the legislative power to prescribe
punishments, the courts should have regard to this principle when sentencing
offenders and should observe it as a general sentencing principle unless there
are other policy considerations which override it, such as the need to impose
a deterrent sentence. Whether “the legislature ought not to oblige the
judiciary to impose a punishment which is wholly lacking in proportionality to
the crime” (see _Dodo_ at [26]) is a matter of legislative policy and not of
judicial power. The courts must impose the legislatively-prescribed sentence
on an offender even if it offends the principle of proportionality. In this
connection, the following extra-curial observation of Lord Bingham of Cornhill
in “The Courts and the Constitution” (1996) 7 KCLJ 12 is apt (at p 25):

There is room for rational argument whether it is desirable to restrict the
judges’ sentencing discretion … But … this is not a constitutional argument.
As Parliament can prescribe a maximum penalty without infringing the
constitutional independence of judges, so it can prescribe a minimum. This is,
in the widest sense, a political question – a question of what is benefical
for the polity – not a constitutional question.

61 For the above reasons, I held that the impugned s 33A MDA provisions did
not violate Art 9 of the Singapore Constitution.

Observations

62 The judicial function is (and has always been) essentially that of making a
finding on facts and applying the law to the relevant facts to reach a
decision in accordance with law. _Ashworth_ and Munro’s study in _Sentencing,
Judicial Discretion and Training_ show that historically and doctrinally, the
judicial function did not include the sentencing function. Munro’s analysis of
the essential characteristics of the judicial function provides no support for
the proposition that sentencing is an inherently judicial task (see
_Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and Training_ at pp 27–28). The courts have
the power to punish only if and when the Legislature has vested them with the
power to do so. It is only in those circumstances and to that extent that the
courts are free to take into account the relevant policy considerations,
gleaned from the express or implied intentions of the Legislature, in order to
impose a punishment which fits the offence and/or the offender, or which
promotes some other social objective that is consistent with the policy of the
particular legislation in question. As a result of the long-standing
legislative practice of delegating to the courts the discretion to impose
punishments on offenders, the belief has arisen that sentencing is an
“essential” function of the courts. However, it remains the case that in
determining the appropriate sentence to impose on an offender, judges are not
finding facts or applying legal rules, but are instead engaged in a different
kind of exercise altogether (see _Sentencing, Judicial Discretion and
Training_ at p 26). In his lecture “The Discretion of the Judge” [1990]
Denning Law Journal 27, Lord Bingham described the sentencing function thus:

… [A]n issue falls within a judge’s discretion if, being governed by no rule
of law, its resolution depends on the individual judge’s assessment (within
such boundaries as have been laid down) of what it is fair and just to do in
the particular case. He has no discretion in making his findings of fact. He
has no discretion in his rulings on the law. But when, having made any
necessary finding of fact and any necessary ruling of law, he has to choose
between different courses of action, orders, penalties or remedies, he then
exercises a discretion … _the imposition of criminal penalties [is a] pre-
eminently discretionary field_. [emphasis added]

63 If, as Lord Bingham observed, the imposition of criminal penalties involves
a discretionary determination of what is fair and just in a particular case,
that function need not be performed exclusively by judges, but can be
performed by non-judges. Legalised punishment of offenders is merely society’s
counter-measure or remedy to check or curb criminal acts in order to maintain
law and order. Whether other persons (_eg_ , penologists, psychologists,
medical practitioners or social workers) may perform the task of sentencing
equally well is likely to be controversial. It may be that the long-
established practice of the Legislature in prescribing punishments for the
courts to inflict on offenders shows that judges are ultimately still the
persons best qualified to undertake the task of sentencing offenders.

64 Based on Munro’s and _Ashworth_ ’s theses on the sentencing power of the
courts, no punishment prescribed by the legislative branch can intrude into
the sentencing function of the courts (since that function is itself derived
from a delegated legislative power). In other words, the principle of
separation of powers has no application to the sentencing function because, in
constitutional theory, it is a function delegated by the legislative branch to
the judicial branch. The sentencing power is not inherent to the judicial
power (except, perhaps, where it is ancillary to a particular judicial power,
_eg_ , to punish for contempt of court). Instead, the courts’ power to punish
is derived from legislation. The fact that judges have exercised the power to
sentence offenders for such a long time reflects more the functional
efficiency of this constitutional arrangement, rather than the principle of
separation of powers.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Petitioner’s Submissions dated 17 November 2011 at paras
21–22 and 33; see also the Petitioner’s Submissions dated 9 December 2011 at
paras 5 and 10–22.

[note: 2]See the Petitioner’s Response dated 30 November 2011 at paras 33–39.

[note: 3]See the Petitioner’s Submissions dated 17 November 2011 at para 38.

[note: 4]See the Respondent’s Submissions (“RS”) dated 20 April 2012 at paras
44–50.

[note: 5]See RS dated 20 April 2012 at paras 17–28; see also the Prosecution’s
Written Submission dated 17 November 2011 at paras 36–44.

[note: 6]See the _Amicus Curiae_ ’s Submissions (“ACS”) dated 30 April 2012 at
paras 17–23.

[note: 7]See ACS dated 30 April 2012 at paras 24–35.

[note: 8]See ACS dated 30 April 2012 at paras 36–49.

[note: 9]See ACS dated 30 April 2012 at paras 50–70.

[note: 10]See ACS dated 30 April 2012 at paras 74–79.

[note: 11]See ACS dated 30 April 2012 at paras 80–84.

[note: 12]See ACS dated 30 April 2012 at paras 85–91.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

