Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  EFT Holdings, Inc and another _v_ Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd and
others  
[2012] SGHC 246

Case Number| :| Suit No 571 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 11 December 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hee Theng Fong, Nandakumar s/o Renganathan and Leong Fu
Sheng Eugene (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP) for the plaintiffs; Ajaib Haridass
and Sivakumaran Murugaiah Balakrishnan (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the first
and second defendants.  
Parties| :|  EFT Holdings, Inc and another — Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte
Ltd and others  
  
11 December 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J :

Introduction

1 On 30 June 2008, the first plaintiff, EFT Holdings Inc (“P1”), a publicly
trading company incorporated in the USA, and Excalibur International Marine
Corporation, (“EIMC”), a Taiwanese company, executed two documents, namely, a
subscription agreement (“the Subscription Agreement”) and a loan agreement
(“the Loan Agreement”). Under the Subscription Agreement, P1 agreed to invest
US$19.193 million by subscribing for 48.81% of the ordinary shares in EIMC.
The second plaintiff, EFT Investment Co Ltd (“P2”), is a company incorporated
in Taiwan to hold the new share allotments. For convenience and where
relevant, P1 and P2 will be collectively referred to as “EFT”.

2 EIMC held a licence to operate a ferry service across the Straits of Taiwan
between Taiwan and China (“the cross-strait ferry”). On 17 June 2008, EIMC
entered into a memorandum of agreement with a British Virgin Islands company,
Ezone Capital Limited (“Ezone”) to purchase a second-hand catamaran, known as
_“Nixe 2”_ (referred to hereafter as “the _OCEAN LALA”_ as that was what the
vessel was later renamed) for its cross-strait ferry business. EIMC paid the
deposit for the purchase, but the bulk of the purchase price was from the loan
provided by P1 pursuant to the Loan Agreement, which loan EIMC subsequently
repaid in full with the money that it received from P1 for the new shares
issued by EIMC pursuant to the Subscription Agreement. The acquisition of the
new shares took place after P2 was incorporated and the new shares were
registered in the name of P2.

3 EFT took over the management of EIMC in November 2008. It appears that
EIMC’s cross-strait ferry services started in June 2009. The inaugural ferry
crossing apparently attracted much media publicity as it was reportedly the
first cross-strait transportation in a climate of improving economic relations
between China and Taiwan. Unfortunately, after one year of operations, the
_OCEAN LALA_ , the vessel deployed for the cross-strait ferry service,
sustained severe weather damage during one of the regular ferry crossings on 8
August 2010. The _OCEAN LALA_ was taken out of service and was later declared
a constructive total loss.

4 Against the backdrop outlined above, one finds this present action, Suit No
571 of 2010, commenced on 2 August 2010 (“the Singapore Action”) and legal
actions against other parties in Taiwan.

_The Singapore Action_

5 This action in Singapore is to claim, _inter alia_ , damages or a refund of
the US$19.193 million that was invested in EIMC. EFT’s claim for unlawful
means conspiracy relates to EIMC’s financial statements for the financial year
ended 31 December 2007 (“the 2007 Financial Statements”), which overstated
EIMC’s equity and assets. EFT’s case is that it was injured by an unlawful
combination of the four defendants in the Singapore Action.[note: 1] EFT
alleges that through false documents created by the defendants, EIMC was able
to increase its paid-up capital. The inflated paid-up capital misled EFT into
investing in EIMC, believing that EIMC was a financially robust company with a
paid-up capital of US$17 million.[note: 2]

6 The first defendant, Marinteknik Shipbuilders (S) Pte Ltd (“Marinteknik”),
is a Singapore-incorporated company which is in the business of building and
repairing ships, tankers and other ocean-going vessels. The second defendant,
Lim Lan Eng Priscilla (“Priscilla”) is a director of Marinteknik. For
convenience, I shall refer to Marinteknik and Priscilla as “the Singapore
defendants”.

7 The third defendant, Hsiao Zhong-Xing, also known as Steve Hsiao (“Mr Hsiao”
or “D3”), was at all material times, a director of EIMC. At all material
times, the Singapore defendants dealt with Mr Hsiao (D3) as the chief
executive officer of EIMC, and not, as EFT has alleged, as the general manager
of EIMC. The fourth defendant, Lu Tso-Chun (“Mr Lu” or “D4”), entered into two
contracts with Marinteknik to purchase two newbuild catamarans _(ie_ , Hull
189 and Hull 190) in November 2005 (“the 2005 shipbuilding contracts”). Mr Lu
became a shareholder of EIMC (holding 48,750,000 shares), but it was alleged
that he never paid for his shares. Sometime in July 2007, the 2005
shipbuilding contacts were novated to EIMC pursuant to a tripartite agreement
that was made between Marinteknik, EIMC (represented by Mr Hsiao (D3) and Mr
Lu (D4) (“the Tripartite Agreement”).

8 Mr Hsiao (D3) and Mr Lu (D4) did not enter an appearance to the Singapore
Action, and default judgment was entered against them.

9 This action continues against the Singapore defendants, Marinteknik and
Priscilla, for conspiracy to injure by unlawful means. At a pre-trial
conference on 19 January 2012, by consent, an order for a split trial on the
issues of liability and quantum was recorded by SAR Cornie Ng.

10 The Singapore defendants have rejected the conspiracy charge by denying any
participation in any unlawful means conspiracy to injure EFT. The Singapore
defendants have also denied any involvement in and responsibility for the
misrepresentations made by EIMC and its directors, Mr Jen-Ho Chiao (“Mr
Chiao”) and Mr Hsiao to P1 and its representative, Mr Jack Jie Qin (“Mr Qin”),
in June 2008. They put EFT to strict proof that the documents identified in
[23] below were shown to Mr Qin in June 2008. The Singapore defendants’
pleaded case is that the 2005 shipbuilding contracts, the Tripartite
Agreement, the two Transfer Affidavits dated 24 April 2007, two Lloyd’s
Register Certificates (both dated 25 August 2006) and the two reports issued
by Ritchie & Bisset (Far East) Pte Ltd (both dated 12 December 2006) were for
Hulls 189 and 190, and they related to a completely different transaction from
the 2008 transaction involving EFT’s equity investment in EIMC for the
purchase of _OCEAN LALA_. The Singapore defendants explain that at all
material times, EIMC had a licence to operate a cross-strait ferry service
between China and Taiwan, and its interest in Hulls 189 and 190 was for its
cross-strait ferry business. Due to EIMC’s protracted and unsuccessful
attempts to obtain bank financing to buy Hulls 189 and 190, the 2005
shipbuilding contracts were eventually rescinded in 2007. EFT came into the
picture almost a year later and the equity investment in question was for the
purchase of _OCEAN LALA_. The Singapore defendants’ case is that there were no
continuing representations in the subject documents for Hulls 189 and 190
which had become outdated and spent by the time of EFT’s equity investment in
October 2008.

11 Finally, the Singapore defendants contend that EFT is estopped on the basis
of _res judicata_ (specifically issue estoppel) from pursuing a claim arising
from the Subscription Agreement as it involves the status of the shares issued
to Mr Lu (D4), which matter has already been adjudicated by the Taichung
District Court.

_The Taiwanese proceedings_

12 There were four Taiwanese proceedings resulting in four judgments.

13 P2 tried to get Mr Chiao and EIMC’s auditor[note: 3], Ms Zhang Hui-Ying
(“Ms Zhang”) prosecuted but failed. EIMC then filed a criminal complaint in
the Taiwan Shihlin District Criminal Court to appeal against the decision of
the Prosecutor’s Office not to prosecute Mr Chiao and Ms Zhang for capital
forgery. The Taiwan Shihlin District Criminal Court rejected EIMC’s
application. It is common ground that the criminal ruling of the Taiwan
Shihlin District Criminal Court may not be appealed.

14 The judgment of the Shihlin District Court dated 11 February 2011 is for
the civil suit brought by P2 against Mr Chiao, Ms Zhang, Mr Hsiao (D3) and Mr
Lu (D4). Like in the Singapore Action, Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu did not participate
in the civil action. However, the 11 February 2011 judgment of the Shihlin
District Court dismissed P2’s claims against: (a) Mr Chiao for false paid-up
capital; and (b) Ms Zhang for issuing false reports. Of relevance is the
Shihlin District Court’s holding that Mr Chiao did not know that Mr Lu had not
made any capital contribution for his shares. As such, Mr Chiao did not have
any intention to deceive P2 into investing in EIMC. The Shihlin District Court
held that it was the previous chairman and board of EIMC who had authorised
the share issue to Mr Lu. The Singapore defendants’ expert witness, Mr Joseph
Chang (“Mr Chang”), testified that the 11 February 2011 judgment was binding
on Mr Chiao, Ms Zhang, Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu (and not simply Mr Chiao and Ms
Zhang, as EFT averred). Mr Chang also confirmed the ruling that EFT was
adamant on investing in EIMC, and EFT’s adamance had nothing to do with the
defendants in that case.[note: 4]

15 EFT claimed that this 11 February 2011 judgment was under appeal to the
Taiwan High Court and that the Taiwan High Court had handed down its decision.
Mr Chang was not aware that an appeal was lodged.[note: 5] Counsel for EFT, Mr
Hee Teng Fong (Mr Hee), tried to introduce during Day 9 of the trial the
judgment of the Taiwan High Court ordering a retrial in the Shihlin District
Court – however no admissible evidence in support of the High Court’s decision
and the re-trial were introduced. The Taiwan High Court’s decision and the
transcripts of the re-trial were not disclosed nor translated into English.
Counsel for the Singapore defendants, Mr Ajaib Haridass (“Mr Haridass)
objected to EFT’s non-compliance with Order 92 rule 1 of the Rules of Court,
Cap 322. R5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”), EFT’s failure to give discovery and the
late production of un-translated copies of the Taiwan High Court judgment and
the transcripts of the re-trial.[note: 6]

16 The third judgment is that of the Taiwan High Court dismissing Mr Chiao’s
claim against EIMC for wrongful dismissal, which decision was upheld by the
Taiwan High Court on 6 July 2011.[note: 7] The High Court held that the
shareholder resolutions by which Mr Chiao was dismissed were valid. It is
common ground that the decision of the Taiwan High Court has been upheld by
the Taiwan Supreme Court, and that the decision is final and binding in Taiwan
as no further appeal from a decision of the Taiwan Supreme Court is
possible.[note: 8] I should mention that for Mr Chiao’s case against EIMC, the
status of Mr Lu’s subscription shares was a preliminary issue that had to be
determined before deciding whether the shareholders’ meeting which passed the
resolutions dismissing Mr Chiao had been validly convened on the basis that
the requisite quorum had been met. The Taiwan High Court held that as Mr Lu
had not given consideration for his subscription shares, his shares were
invalid and were to be ignored for the purposes of computing the number of
shareholders present at the meeting.[note: 9]

17 Finally, there is the Taichung District Court judgment, in relation to
Marinteknik’s claim against EIMC for outstanding consultancy fees for services
rendered. The significance of the ruling in this case is that the Taichung
District Court held that Mr Lu’s subscription of shares in EIMC was invalid
under Taiwanese law because he did not pay for the shares. It is common ground
that this judgment is non-binding. However, the Singapore defendants’ expert
witness, Mr Chang, opines that this judgment may nevertheless be enforced in
Singapore. However, Mr Chang did not elaborate as to how this was possible
when the Reciprocal Enforcement of Foreign Judgments Act (Cap 265, 2001 Rev
Ed) (“REFJ Act”) does not extend to Taiwan.

18 The significance of the two aforementioned rulings (at [16] and [17]) is
that the Taiwanese courts essentially held that Mr Lu’s subscription of shares
was invalid under Taiwanese law.[note: 10] For present purposes, the holding
that Mr Lu’s shares are invalid binds existing shareholders like P2.

Circumstances leading to EFT’s investment in EIMC in October 2008

Dramatis personae involved in the June 2008 meetings

19 It is convenient to begin by briefly looking at EFT’s pleaded case to
identify the individuals in Taiwan who met on 23 and 24 June 2008, and their
participation in the events giving rise to P1’s investment in EIMC. By this
time, the 2005 shipbuilding contracts had been rescinded and Hulls 189 and 190
had been sold to a Hong Kong company, Giant Dragon Sea Transport Company
Limited (“Giant Dragon”) in January 2008. With these developments, EIMC bought
the _OCEAN LALA_ on 17 June 2008 (see [2] above).

20 In June 2008, Mr Chiao, a Taiwanese lawyer by training was the chairman and
director of EIMC. Apparently, he was a former politician who had held the post
of Minister of the Overseas Chinese Affairs Commission. He was also the former
secretary-general and vice-chairman of the Straits Exchange Foundation in
Taiwan. Mr Chiao was introduced to Mr Qin by the latter’s friend.[note: 11] Mr
Chiao made a business presentation on behalf of EIMC on 24 June 2008. Mr Chiao
was not sued in the Singapore Action and did not testify at the trial in
Singapore.

21 Mr Hsiao attended the meetings held on 23 and 24 June 2008 with Mr Chiao.
As stated, Mr Hsiao is the third defendant in the Singapore Action. He did not
testify at the trial in Singapore.

22 At the relevant time, Mr Qin was the chairman and chief executive officer
of P1. He was on a visit to Taiwan on 20 June 2008. During his visit to
Taiwan, he heard about EIMC’s cross-strait ferry licence. He met Mr Chiao and
Mr Hsiao for the first time on 23 June 2008. Mr Qin said that at the meeting,
Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao approached him to invest in EIMC.[note: 12] Mr Chiao, on
behalf of EIMC, made a business presentation to him the following day (_ie_ ,
on 24 June 2008). Mr Qin was EFT’s main witness of fact at the trial in
Singapore.

EFT’s evidence of the meetings in Taiwan

23 According to the evidence led by EFT, during a visit to Taiwan by Mr Qin, a
few of Mr Chiao’s acquaintances approached him in the evening of 23 June 2008
to get him to invest in EIMC, and they invited him to meet Mr Chiao. Mr Qin
said that he attended a business presentation on 24 June 2008 (“the 24 June
Presentation”) at the law offices of Mr Chiao in Taiwan. (EFT had in Further
and Better Particulars filed on 15 December 2011 pleaded that the 24 June
Presentation was held in the offices of EIMC,[note: 13] but nothing turns on
this discrepancy.) Mr Qin claimed that he was shown documents at the 24 June
Presentation. The documents (collectively referred to as “the Presentation
Documents”) were as follows:

(a) Hull 189 Shipbuilding Contract dated 15 November 2005;

(b) Hull 190 Shipbuilding Contract dated 15 November 2005;

(c) An investment agreement dated 11 July 2006 (“the Investment Agreement”)

(d) the Tripartite Agreement (undated);

(e) transfer affidavits in relation to Hulls 189 and 190 both dated 24 April
2007;

(f) Lloyd’s Register Certificate Nos SNG 0401068 and SNG 0401070;

(g) two reports from Richie & Bisset (Far East) Pte Ltd) dated 12 December
2006 on the valuation of Hulls 189 and 190); and

(h) EIMC’s audited financial statements for the financial years ended 31
December 2006 and 31 December 2007, certified on 31 March 2008 (collectively
referred to as “the 2006/2007 Financial Statements”).

24 For convenience, I have reproduced in full the text of the Investment
Agreement, the Tripartite Agreement, the transfer affidavits both dated 24
April 2007 in relation to Hulls 189 and 190 (“the Transfer Affidavits”), the
addenda (both dated 24 April 2007) to the Transfer Affidavits (“the Transfer
Addenda”), the two memoranda of understanding (both dated 30 April 2008)(“the
April 2008 MOUs”) and the addenda (both dated 30 April 2008) to the April MOUs
(‘the MOU Addenda”). They form annexures to this Judgment (_ie_ , Annexures
(A) to (J)).

[LawNet Admin Note: Annexures (A) to (J) are viewable only to LawNet
subscribers via the PDF in the Case View Tools.]

25 Mr Hsiao and Mr Chiao were present at the 24 June Presentation.[note: 14]
Mr Chiao pointed to the portion titled “Capital (Paid-in)” in the 2006/2007
Financial Statements shown to Mr Qin. Mr Qin claimed that he noted a liability
of about NTD 1.3 billion indicated as “payable” in the 2006/2007 Financial
Statements. Apparently, Mr Chiao told him that this was due to loans obtained
by EIMC in 2007, and that the loans were used to finance the purchase of Hulls
189 and 190. In fact, Mr Qin claimed that Mr Chiao made the following oral
representations:

(a) that the Hull 189 Shipbuilding Contract and the Hull 190 Shipbuilding
Contract were signed by a well-known shipbuilding company from Singapore
(presumably Marinteknik), which fortified Mr Qin’s belief that the documents
shown to him were reliable;

(b) that EIMC had procured two vessels from Marinteknik, but those vessels had
eventually been sold to another company in Hong Kong;

(c) that the proceeds of sale of the two vessels had been used to procure two
other new vessels from Marinteknik, but it would take two to three years to
build those vessels; and

(d) that Marinteknik’s Priscilla had recommended that EIMC buy a four-year old
vessel also built by Marinteknik (_ie_ , the _OCEAN LALA_), which, at that
time, was operating in Spain.

26 At the 24 June Presentation, Mr Qin was informed that the Presentation
Documents (save for the Investment Agreement) had been prepared by Marinteknik
and Priscilla.

27 On 30 June 2008, P1 and EIMC executed the Subscription Agreement and the
Loan Agreement. Pending closing of the Subscription Agreement which was
dependent on compliance with regulatory procedures and the incorporation of a
Taiwanese entity to own the new shares, P1 granted a loan of US$19.193 million
to EIMC on 23 July 2008 to pay for the balance of the purchase price of the
_OCEAN LALA_.

28 After P2 was incorporated, P1 sent to P2, a sum of US$19.193 million, which
was then transferred by P2 to EIMC on 22 October 2008. In return for the
investment, P2 obtained newly-issued shares in EIMC, which gave P2 a 48.81%
shareholding in EIMC. The loan of US$19.193 million was then repaid by EIMC to
P1.

29 EFT’s pleaded case is that P1 invested in EIMC through its subsidiary, P2,
in October 2008.[note: 15] Thereafter, EFT took over the management of EIMC
sometime in November 2008. However, Mr Qin was appointed a director of EIMC in
July 2008.

30 The Subscription Agreement of 30 June 2008 was ratified by two special
resolutions made by P1’s board of directors; the final decision to proceed
with the investment in EIMC was approved by P1’s board of directors on 24
September 2008 after Mr Qin showed the board, EIMC’s business plan in relation
to the _OCEAN LALA_ , and informed the board of the Presentation Documents
described in [23] above.[note: 16]

31 Mr Qin said that some material documents were withheld from EFT. These were
the Transfer Addenda (see [41] below)), the April 2008 MOUs and MOU Addenda
(see [46]–[47] below), all of which came to light in 2010 after EFT filed for
pre-action discovery in Singapore.

32 Based on the evidence recounted above, Mr Qin’s complaint is that the oral
misrepresentations made by Mr Chiao at the 24 June Presentation and in the
Presentation Documents which carried false statements were, “part of a
conspiracy amongst the Defendants to defraud potential fund providers”.[note:
17] He alleges that the Transfer Addenda were intentionally withheld from him;
and that the Presentation Documents were part of Priscilla’s plan which was to
“defraud fund providers like EFT, but at the same time she wanted [the
Transfer Addenda] to protect herself from any liability or consequences that
may arise from the [Transfer Affidavits]”.[note: 18]

Circumstances in which the Presentation Documents signed by Marinteknik came
about

33 As stated, on 15 November 2005, Marinteknik and Mr Lu (D4) entered into the
2005 shipbuilding contracts for the construction and sale of two new
catamarans designated Yard Hull No 189 (_ie_ , Hull 189) and Yard Hull No. 190
(_ie_ , Hull 190) respectively. The proper law of the 2005 shipbuilding
contract was Singapore law. The purchase price was originally US$25 million
for each newbuilding. However, the purchase price of each newbuilding was
increased to US$27.5 million in two addenda, both dated 15 June 2006. The 2005
shipbuilding contracts and the addenda were signed by Priscilla in her
capacity as a director of Marinteknik. Mr Lu (D4) was later sent invoices
dated 23 June 2006, one for each newbuilding for the sum of US$27.5 million (a
total of US$55 million).

11 July 2006 – 16 April 2007

34 As mentioned above, pursuant to the Investment Agreement dated 11 July
2006, Mr Lu would acquire 48,750,000 ordinary shares in EIMC (incorporated on
29 June 2006) and in return for the shares, Mr Lu was to “novate” the 2005
shipbuilding contracts to EIMC. The Investment Agreement was governed by
Taiwanese law. Clause 2 of the Investment Agreement stated that, first, Mr Lu
had paid US$15 million to Marinteknik for Hull 189 and Hull 190, and second,
EIMC and Mr Lu agreed to enter into a “Tripartite Agreement” with Marinteknik
under which EIMC would assume Mr Lu’s remaining debt of US$40 million (which
was payable to Marinteknik). Priscilla testified that she was not shown the
Investment Agreement or a copy of it until a copy was produced by EFT during
pre-action discovery. [note: 19]

35 The Tripartite Agreement was executed by: (a) Priscilla on behalf of
Marinteknik; (b) Mr Lu; and (c) Mr Hsiao on behalf of EIMC. The Tripartite
Agreement was undated. According to Priscilla’s recollection, she signed the
Tripartite Agreement during her visit to Taiwan between 11 and 15 July
2006.[note: 20] Clauses 1 and 2 of the Tripartite Agreement read:

1\. After the tripartite agreement signed, the Memorandum of Understanding
signed on 9th March 2006 will [_sic_] automatically become invalid. On 7th
July 2006, [EIMC] has paid US$100,000 to [Marinteknik]. The Tripartite had
agreed that this payment is a part of final balance money paid by [Mr Lu] to
[Marinteknik]. However, [EIMC] will continue the liability of the original
SHIPBUILDING CONTRACT HULL 189/190 signed by [Mr Lu] and [Marinteknik].

2\. [Marinteknik] and [Mr Lu] and [EIMC] agree that at the time of the
delivery of the vessel under the SHIPBUILDING CONTRACT HULL 189/190:

(a) [EIMC] shall pay to [Marinteknik] the balance of contract price of US
dollars Twenty Million (USD 20,000,000) in name of HULL 189 by irrevocable L/C
way by end of July 2006.

(b) [Marinteknik] shall deliver the vessel to [Mr Lu] within 8 weeks upon
receiving the irrevocable L/C of Hull 189 from [EIMC].

(c) [EIMC] shall pay to [Marinteknik] the balance of the contract price of US
Dollars Nineteen Million and Nine Hundred Thousand (USD 19,900,000) in the
name of HULL 190 by irrevocable L/C way by a mutual agreed date within 2006.
The amount US $100,000 as clause 2. [M]entioned to be treated as the advance
payments guarantees of Hull 190 to [Marinteknik].

36 It is undisputed that at the time the Tripartite Agreement was signed Mr Lu
had not paid US$15 million to Marinteknik. In fact, there were letters
exchanged between Priscilla and EIMC (addressed to Mr Hsiao) stating that as
at 30 August 2006[note: 21] and later 20 March 2007, the outstanding amount
owed to EIMC of US$ 27.5 million per vessel remained unpaid.

37 Lloyd’s Register certified the stage of completion of Hulls 189 and 190 to
be 90% completed as at 25 August 2006.[note: 22] The construction of the two
hulls were completed before 8 December 2006 as that was the date Ritchie &
Bisset (Far East) Pte Ltd valued Hulls 189 and 190 at US$28 million each.
[note: 23]

38 On 9 April 2007, a letter signed by Ms Gurdip Kaur (on behalf of
Marinteknik) was sent to EIMC stating that the 2005 shipbuilding contracts had
already been rescinded due to EIMC’s failure to make payment of the US$27.5
million promised for Hull 189. [note: 24]

39 On 16 April 2007, Priscilla sent a letter to Mr Hsiao pursuant to a
telephone conversation between them stating that Marinteknik would assist EIMC
for the final time, and that the assistance was “only...documentary in regards
to securing your financing and for no other purpose whatsoever”. [note: 25]

24 April 2007 – 24 July 2007

40 On 24 April 2007, two documents entitled “affidavits” – _viz_ , the
Transfer Affidavits – were signed by Priscilla (on behalf of Marinteknik), Mr
Hsiao (on behalf of EIMC) and Mr Lu. The Transfer Affidavits stated that Hull
189 and Hull 190 had been fully paid for, and Marinteknik purported to
transfer 100% of the shares in the two hulls to Mr Lu. The Transfer Affidavits
also stated that: (a) Mr Lu had paid the US$15 million to Marinteknik; (b) Mr
Lu, through EIMC, had paid the balance of the purchase prices of Hulls 189 and
190 (a total of US$40 million) under the 2005 shipbuilding contracts; and (c)
Marinteknik had transferred 100% of the shares in the two hulls to Mr Lu.
Statements (a)-(c) were factually untrue.

41 Statements (a)-(c) in the Transfer Affidavits were qualified in the
Transfer Addenda which were signed by Priscilla (on behalf of Marinteknik), Mr
Hsiao (on behalf of EIMC) and finally Mr Lu. The Transfer Addenda concerned
the payment of the US$15 million by Mr Lu and the addendum for Hull 189
stated:

...whereby the said deposit amount was reflected in the Affidavit for usage on
documentation only to assist Excalibur International Marine Corporation,
Taiwan in increasing their Paid-Up Capital. There was no physical payment of
funds made whatsoever...

Also the aforesaid transfer of shares and title of the said vessel and all
other assigns were never effect [sic] physically.

Supposedly by 24th July 2007, [Mr Lu] and [EIMC] are unable to fulfil the
Shipbuilding Contract Hull 189 to pay the total contract price of USD
27,500,000 for the vessel to [Marinteknik], the Affidavit dated 24th April
2007 shall be treated null and void immediately.

The addendum for Hull 190 was, _mutatis mutandi_ , in the same terms. The
validity period of the Transfer Affidavits was for three months from 24 April
2007 to 24 July 2007.

42 On 5 July 2007, EIMC wrote to Marinteknik stating that EIMC’s paid-up
capital had been increased to US$15 million and that “our book [sic] recognise
the paid-up capital to increase around US$25 million totally very soon.”[note:
26] This letter was signed by Mr Hsiao, and the subject matter was Hulls 189
and 190. Mr Hsiao also wrote on the mode of payment stipulated in the 2005
shipbuilding contracts:

We are working very hard with our Bankers to fulfil the issuance of the
letters of credit which we expect to receive very soon.

43 On 7 July 2007, Marinteknik wrote to EIMC. The letter was signed by
Priscilla. She thanked Mr Hsiao for some documentation from the Industrial
Bank of Taiwan to show the progress of EIMC’s loan application. She
wrote:[note: 27]

Your pleas for assistance are continuously noted and highlighted to our
management. Should your financing with IBT [ the Industrial Bank of Taiwan] be
successful, we can in future consider signing newbuilding vessels with you.

44 On 13 July 2007, Priscilla co-signed with EIMC (represented by Mr Hsiao)
and Mr Lu, a letter entitled “Letter of Undertaking” stating that Marinteknik
agreed to assist EIMC to sell Hulls 189 and 190 at 75% of the purchase price
originally paid by EIMC if EIMC were to default on the loan conditions between
EIMC and its bankers within a year of delivery of the vessels to EIMC.[note:
28] Priscilla explained that this Letter of Undertaking was requested by Fuhwa
Bank and Taishin Bank for their comfort.[note: 29] The full text of the Letter
of Undertaking is found at Annexure (G).

[LawNet Admin Note: Annexure (G) is viewable only to LawNet subscribers via
the PDF in the Case View Tools.]

15 January 2008

45 On 15 January 2008, Marinteknik contracted to sell Hulls 189 and 190 at
US$30 million each to Giant Dragon. Through two Bills of Sale dated 1 August
2008 and 29 August 2008 respectively, Marinteknik transferred all of its
shares in the Hulls 189 and 190 to Giant Dragon.

30 April 2008 - 9 June 2008

46 On 30 April 2008, Priscilla and Mr Hsiao signed the April 2008 MOUs which
stated that the US$15 million deposit (which deposit was suggested to have
been paid by Mr Lu to Marinteknik in the Tripartite Agreement) was to be
transferred as down-payment for the purchase of two newbuildings to be
constructed by Marinteknik (_ie_ , Hulls 189A and 190A) and each newbuilding
was priced at EURO 26 million.

47 The MOU Addenda (for Hull 189A and 190A respectively), both dated 30 April
2008, were also executed by Priscilla on behalf of Marinteknik. The addendum
to the memorandum of understanding for Hull 189A stated that the buyer (Mr Lu)
agreed that:

...[T]he payment of USD 7,500,000 as deposit for the subject vessel was never
paid or transferred to Marinteknik...whereby the said deposit amount was
reflected in the Affidavit for usage on documentation only to assist [EIMC] in
increasing their Paid-up capital. There was no physical payment of funds made
whatsoever. The said amount is still owing by [EIMC] for [Hulls 189A] in
accordance _[sic]_ with the Shipbuilding Contract to the builder of the
vessel.

Also any transfer of shares and title of the said vessel and all other assigns
were never effected physically.

Supposedly by 09th June 2008, [Mr Lu] and [EIMC] are unable to fulfil the
SHIPBUILDING CONTRACT [for Hulls 189A] and pay the 1st Instalment of the
contract price for the vessel, the Memorandum of Understanding dated 30th
April 2008 shall be treated as null and void immediately.

The addendum to the memorandum of understanding for Hull 190A was, _mutatis
mutandi_ , in the same terms. The validity period of the April 2008 MOUs was
from 30 April 2008 to 9 June 2008.

48 The April 2008 MOUs were rescinded as of 9 June 2008. The rescission was
due to non-payment. The non-payment was confirmed in two letters: on 20 May
2008, Priscilla wrote a letter to Mr Hsiao which stated that EIMC had not paid
the amounts required; and on 9 June 2008, Priscilla’s letter to Mr Hsiao
stated that as the first instalment payment for Hulls 189A and 190A remained
unpaid, the April 2008 MOUs were rescinded as of 9 June 2008.

Priscilla’s evidence on Marinteknik’s assistance to EIMC and on EFT

49 Priscilla was appointed a director of Marinteknik on 8 January 1993.
Marinteknik has been a builder of aluminium vessels, including catamarans for
over 25 years. It has a shipyard at Tuas. Marinteknik has an overseas market,
and catamarans built by Marinteknik operate in countries like Italy, France,
Spain, India, the Philippines and Hong Kong.[note: 30] As the director in
charge of marketing, Priscilla was authorised to sign on behalf of Marinteknik
the series of documents which are the subject matter of the Singapore Action
(see [23] above). She testified that she had obtained no personal benefits
whatsoever from the execution of the series of documents. Her motive was
entirely commercial as the sale of Hulls 189 and 190 for EIMC’s cross-strait
ferry service was a way to promote “Marinteknik-built catamarans” in Taiwan
and China.[note: 31] Priscilla testified that she had told Mr Hsiao “not to
circulate [the Transfer Affidavits] because it’s between Lu and the bank and
Marinteknik”.[note: 32]

50 Mr Hsiao (D3) was introduced to Priscilla by a Taiwanese ship broker, Bill
Duan of Maxmart Shipping & Trading Co Ltd, Taiwan. She met Mr Lu (D4) in
November 2005 when he, Mr Hsiao, Bill Duan and a few others visited
Marinteknik’s yard to discuss the purchase of Hulls 189 and 190.[note: 33]

51 During her visit to Taiwan from 11 to 15 July 2006, Priscilla was
introduced to several bankers by Bill Duan and Mr Hsiao. She met bank officers
from the Industrial Bank of Taiwan, Fuhwa Bank (Taiwan), and Taishin
International Bank (Taiwan). The impression which she gathered from her
discussions with the bank officers was that they were keen to finance EIMC’s
purchase of Hulls 189 and 190. Priscilla also introduced her contact in Woori
Bank, Singapore Branch, (one William Kim Woong Ryeol) to Mr Hsiao. Woori Bank,
Singapore Branch is in the business of syndicated loans, ship and aircraft
lease finance.[note: 34] In 2007, EIMC was still trying to obtain bank
financing for the purchase of Hulls 189 and 190. On 13 February 2007, Mr Hsiao
forwarded EIMC’s loan application to Industrial Bank of Taiwan to
Priscilla[note: 35] in an attempt to assure her that he was still working on
securing bank financing.

52 By August 2006, the construction of Hulls 189 and 190 was 90% complete.
Yet, EIMC was unable to complete the purchase of these two hulls. Marinteknik
cancelled the 2005 shipbuilding contracts twice for non-payment; once on 30
August 2006, and the second time on 9 April 2007.[note: 36] In between the two
cancellations, Mr Hsiao persuaded Priscilla to give EIMC more time to pay for
the two hulls, and said that he would produce documents to assure Priscilla
that he was still working on securing bank financing. The communication on 13
February 2007 in relation to EIMC’s loan application to the Industrial Bank of
Taiwan (see [51]) above was one example.

53 Priscilla testified that between 9 April 2007 and 24 April 2007, she had
conversations with some bank officers, and, on separate occasions, she was
told that the banks would provide a letter of credit or telegraphic transfer
for the purchase of Hulls 189 and 190 on the same day that EIMC tendered
documentary evidence from Marinteknik that the purchase price had been paid.
The bank officers did not specify the nature of the documentary evidence
required from Marinteknik.[note: 37] During the same period, Mr Hsiao also
contacted Priscilla to continue to persuade Marinteknik to give an “affidavit”
to satisfy the banks that the purchase price had been paid so that the banks
would disburse funds to EIMC by way of a refinancing of Hulls 189 and
190.[note: 38] Priscilla does not deny that the Transfer Affidavits were to
assist EIMC “in increasing its paid-up capital and showing title of the
vessels to EIMC although the deposit and the purchase price for Hulls 189 and
190 was not paid by Lu and EIMC to Marinteknik shipbuilders.”[note: 39]

54 It was a Catch-22 situation for Mr Lu and EIMC. Without Marinteknik’s
cooperation, EIMC would not be able to obtain bank financing to buy Hulls 189
and 190. Priscilla agreed to assist because she expected to receive (as she
was told by Mr Hsiao) on the same day, _ie_ 24 April 2007, evidence that the
purchase price would be remitted.[note: 40] She saw the paper transaction
between Marinteknik, EIMC and Mr Lu as a private arrangement, which would not
have the legal effect of transferring ownership of Hulls 189 and 190 to Mr Lu
and/or EIMC. The Transfer Affidavits were not witnessed by a commissioner for
oaths or notary public, and the Transfer Affidavits could not transfer legal
title as this could only be done by a Bill of Sale.[note: 41] Moreover, as
Hulls 189 and 190 were newbuildings, a Protocol of Delivery and Acceptance
would have to be issued to transfer title to the buyer. Marinteknik would have
to issue a Builder’s Certificate specifying the particulars of Hulls 189 and
190 and confirming that the delivery of the vessels was free of all liens and
encumbrances (see cl 6.02 of the 2005 shipbuilding contracts).

55 The Transfer Affidavits were rendered on 24 April 2007. When no evidence of
remittance was received by the close of business on that day, Priscilla called
Mr Hsiao and it was agreed that the Transfer Addenda be issued.[note: 42] By
the Transfer Addenda, it was stipulated that the Singapore defendants’
assistance was for a limited period of time _viz_ three months. Despite the
Singapore defendants’ assistance, on the expiry of the deadline of 24 July
2007, EIMC did not obtain bank financing for the purchase of Hulls 189 and
190.

56 Eventually, Marinteknik sold Hulls 189 and 190 to Giant Dragon in January
2008.

57 The next series of documents signed by Marinteknik were the April 2008
MOUs. Again, Mr Hsiao turned to Priscilla for assistance. This time, Mr Hsiao
told Priscilla that EIMC could lose its cross-strait ferry licence and needed
to protect the licence by showing that it had a contract to buy Hulls 189A and
190A from Marinteknik.[note: 43] Mr Hsiao suggested that EIMC and Marinteknik
sign two memoranda of understanding. This would enable EIMC to continue to
negotiate with bankers.[note: 44] Priscilla agreed to assist and the April
2008 MOUs were signed. She also signed the MOU Addenda which stipulated that
Marinteknik’s assistance was for a limited period of time, _viz_ , from 30
April 2008 to 9 June 2008.

58 With respect to EFT, Priscilla said that she had never heard of EFT before
and had no knowledge of the existence of EFT and EFT’s investment in EIMC
until EFT took out pre-action discovery proceedings against the Singapore
defendants in or around December 2009.[note: 45] Priscilla learnt more about
EFT’s investment in EIMC from the arbitration commenced by Ezone against EIMC
on 16 June 2010 for the unpaid balance of the purchase price of “ _OCEAN LALA_
”.[note: 46] She found out at the London arbitration hearing, which she
attended in July 2011, that EFT’s equity investment in EIMC was made in
connection with EIMC’s purchase of the _OCEAN LALA._

Conspiracy to injure by unlawful means: the law

59 Section B of the amended Statement of Claim is entitled “Tort of
conspiracy”. Whilst the plea is that the four defendants in the Singapore
Action have conspired “with/without the predominant purpose of injuring the
Plaintiffs by lawful/unlawful means and had in fact inflicted damages on the
Plaintiffs”[note: 47], the cause of action that is being pursued in EFT’s
Closing Submissions is unlawful means conspiracy. EFT’s executive summary in
the Closing Submissions firmly characterised EFT’s cause as action as follows:

The Plaintiffs in the present suit are suing all four Defendants for
conspiring to injure them through unlawful means of deceit and fraudulent
misrepresentation.

60 EFT’s pleaded case of dishonest assistance and knowing receipt was dropped
at the trial.

61 It is now convenient to set out the elements of the tort of unlawful means
conspiracy. The requirements of unlawful means conspiracy are stated in _Quay
Kay Tee v Ong and Co Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637, where Lai Kew Chai J
(delivering the judgment of the court) said (at [45]):

A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted when _two or more persons
combine_ to commit _an unlawful act_ with _the intention of injuring or
damaging the plaintiff_ , and _the act is carried out_ and _the intention
achieved_.

[emphasis added]

62 This statement of the law was approved in _Chew Kong Huat v Ricwil
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1167 at [34] and more recently in
_Beckkett Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 452 (“ _Beckkett (CA)”_)
at [120].

63 Conspiracy by unlawful means requires an agreement between or a combination
of two or more persons to use unlawful means. It is not necessary that every
overt act is done by every conspirator, but the overt act which is unlawful
must be done pursuant to the conspiracy (see _Kuwait Oil Tanker Co SAK v Al
Bader_ [2000] 2 All ER (Comm) 271 (“ _Kuwait Oil_ ”) at [111]. In other words,
there must be concerted action after the agreement. An agreement alone is not
enough in civil conspiracy (see Paul McGrath, _Commercial Fraud in Civil
Practice_ (Oxford University Press, 1st Ed, 2008) at para 14.11 for the
distinction between civil and criminal conspiracy).

64 In this area of the law, the unlawful means engaged in by the conspirators
as a means of inflicting harm do not have to be independently actionable
against any of the conspirators (see _Beckkett (CA)_) at [121] approving this
statement of law in _Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Total Network SL_
[2008] 1 AC 1174 (“ _Total Network_ ”), per Lord Walker of Gestingthorpe at
[94]).

65 Chan Sek Keong CJ in _Beckkett (CA)_ (at [120]) said that in unlawful means
conspiracy, the element of unlawfulness should, in the context of conspiracy,
cover both criminal and tortious acts. In other words, criminal conduct can
constitute unlawful means where the criminal conduct was not merely
incidental, but was the instrument or method by which the conspirators
intentionally inflicted harm on the plaintiff.

66 The phrase ‘unlawful’ means has two elements: the acts involved are
‘unlawful’ and the ‘unlawful’ acts were the means of inflicting harm on the
plaintiff. As Lord Walker reminded at [96] of _Total Network_ :

What is important, to my mind, is that in the phrase “unlawful means” each
word has an important part to play. It is not enough that there is an element
of unlawfulness somewhere in the story

67 Absent the element of intention, the tort is not made out. The elements of
knowledge (the state of mind of a defendant) and intention are closely
connected in unlawful means conspiracy. Although the House of Lords in _OBG
Ltd and another v Allan and others_ [2008] 1 AC 1 (“ _OBG_ ”) were not
concerned with unlawful means conspiracy, the views expressed in _OBG_ on the
mental requirements of the tort of causing loss by unlawful means are
applicable to the tort of conspiracy (see _Meretz Investments NV v ACP Ltd and
others_ [2008] Ch 244 at [146] per Arden LJ.) In this context, what is
required is actual intention or reckless indifference. Mere foreseeability of
a consequence does not satisfy the requirement of intention (per Lord Hoffmann
in _OBG_ at [43]). A defendant’s foresight that his or her unlawful conduct
may or will probably damage the plaintiff is not enough because it is not
equated with intention for this tort (per Lord Nicholls in _OBG_ at [166]).
The same applies to knowledge. Relevant knowledge is actual knowledge or
reckless indifference. Reckless indifference in this context means “a
conscious decision not to inquire into the existence of a fact” (per Lord
Hoffmann in _OBG_ at [41]). In a more colourful parlance, what is required is
blind-eye or Nelsonian knowledge.

68 It is therefore insufficient that the conspirators’ unlawful acts
_coincidentally_ harmed the plaintiff. Lord Walker in _Total Network_ (at
[93]) stated:

[A]ll the statements of general principle in the classic cases seem to me to
be consistent with the proposition that unlawful means, both in the
intentional harm tort and in the tort of conspiracy, include crimes and torts
(whether or not they include conduct lower on the scale of blameworthiness)
provided that they are indeed the means by which harm is intentionally
inflicted on the claimant (rather than being incidental to it).

69 Lord Nicholls in _OBG_ dealing with the question of intention to harm, said
(at [166]):

Lesser states of mind do not suffice. A high degree of blameworthiness is
called for because intention serves as the factor which justifies imposing
liability on the defendant for loss caused by a wrong otherwise not actionable
by the claimant against the defendant. The defendant’s conduct in relation to
the loss must be deliberate. In particular, the defendant’s foresight that his
unlawful conduct may or will probably damage the claimant cannot be equated
with intention for this purpose. The defendant must _intend_ to injure _the
claimant_. This intent must be a cause of the defendant’s conduct, in the
words of Cooke J in _Van Camp Chocolates Ltd v Auslebrooks Ltd_ [1984] 1 NZLR
354, 360

[emphasis in original]

70 In summary, what EFT has to prove are: (a) the nature of the agreement or
combination; (b) the unlawful means alleged; (c) each of the unlawful acts
relied on; (d) the fact that each act was carried out pursuant to the
agreement or combination; and (e) the relevant state of mind of the alleged
conspirator (see _De Krassel and Chu Vincent_ [2010] 2 HKLRD 937 at
[39]-[42]).

71 In the light of these principles, a number of points may be made.

(a) Standard of proof

72 The charge of unlawful means conspiracy made against Marinteknik and
Priscilla is a serious allegation. The burden of proof is on EFT. Whilst the
standard of proof is that of a balance of probabilities, cogent and compelling
evidence commensurate with the seriousness of the allegation is required
before the court concludes that the allegation is established on a balance of
probabilities. The oft-quoted statement in the cases is that the more serious
the allegation the less likely it is that the event occurred and hence, the
stronger should be the evidence before the court concludes that the allegation
is established on a balance of probabilities (per Lord Nicholls in _Re H
(Minors)_ [1996] AC 563 at 586-587); see also the burden of proof as discussed
in _Hornal v Newberger Products Ltd_ [1954] 1 QB 247 and endorsed by our
courts in _Tang Yoke Kheng v Lek Benedict_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 263 and _Chua Kwee
Chen and others (as Westlake Eating House) and another v Koh_ _Choon Chin_
[2006] 3 SLR(R) 469).

(b) Company and director

73 The Singapore defendants are a company (_viz_ , Marinteknik) and its
director (_viz_ , Priscilla). Although the position taken in the Amended
Statement of Claim is that the subject documents were signed by Priscilla as a
director on behalf of Marinteknik, Priscilla is also sued personally. This is
made clear in the Amended Reply, which states that Priscilla “is a party to
the conspiracy in her personal capacity”.[note: 48] It is clear from Lord
Hoffmann’s statement in _Standard Chartered Bank v Pakistan Shipping
Corporation_ [2003] 1 AC 959 at 968 that a fraudulent director cannot escape
personal liability by relying on the representative capacity in which he
uttered his falsehoods.

(c) The Ocean Frost [1985] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 1

74 Mr Hee for EFT quotes from the judgment of Robert Goff LJ in _The Ocean
Frost_ [1985] 1 Lloyd’s Law Reports 1 at 57 to underscore the court’s approach
to assessing the credibility of a witness, namely, by testing the evidence
given in the witness box against not only the contemporaneous documents, but
also other objective facts, the overall probabilities and the motives of those
involved. This approach is not controversial where the witnesses give
conflicting evidence, and in ascertaining the truth of each person’s
testimony, it is necessary to consider the objective facts, contemporaneous
documents and the overall probabilities.

75 In this case, the occasion for conflicting evidence has been minimised
because, interestingly, the two main witnesses of fact, Priscilla and Mr Qin,
testified on events that occurred at two distinct periods of time: Priscilla
was involved in the events _before_ 23 and 24 June 2008, while Mr Qin was
involved in the meetings on 23 and 24 June 2008 in Taiwan. Neither has
personal knowledge of events involving the other. Priscilla has no personal
knowledge of the June 2008 meetings in Taiwan and Mr Qin has no personal
knowledge of events occurring _before_ 23 June 2008. The short point is that
their evidence would not and did not overlap. Moreover, the oral
representations to Mr Qin are in any event not confined to representations
made in or by the production of the Presentation Documents.

76 Above all, it is because there were in fact two distinct periods and two
different transactions in this case that the court has to be watchful of the
allegation of conspiracy and of what precisely is being alleged (see [90]
below).

Conflict of laws

77 The double actionability rule with the flexible exception test requires the
place of the tort to be determined (see _Rickshaw Investments Ltd v Nicolai
Baron von Uexkull_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 377 (“ _Rickshaw Investments_ ”). The
common law test requires the court to look back at the series of events
constituting the tort and to ask where in substance the cause of action arose.
In the present case, the substance of the tort test is to identify whether the
tort was committed in substance in Taiwan or Singapore (see _Metall und
Rohstoff AG v Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Inc_ [1990] QB 391). Applying the
factors outlined by Mance J in _Grupo_ _Torras SA v Al-Sabah (No 5)_ [1999]
CLC 1469 at 1654) – namely, the identity, importance and location of the
conspirators; the place(s) of any agreement or combination; the nature and
place(s) of the concerted action; the nature and place(s) of any unlawful act
or means; the plaintiff’s location and the place(s) where he or it suffered
loss – I find Taiwan to be the place of the tort. The 24 June Presentation was
in Taiwan. Mr Chiao’s oral misrepresentations were made in Taiwan. The
Presentation Documents were allegedly shown to Mr Qin in Taiwan. The
Subscription Agreement and the Loan Agreement were signed in Taiwan. EFT’s
investment was for shares in EIMC, a Taiwanese company, for the purpose of
acquiring a capital asset for EIMC’s cross-strait ferry business. The funds
for the investment were remitted to P2, which gave the money to EIMC. P2 was a
Taiwanese company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of P1. P2 was set up to hold
the shares in EIMC, and the subject matter of the investment was very much
Taiwan-centric.

78 The 2006/2007 Financial Statements were certified by auditors, practising
in Taiwan, _viz_ , We Win CPAs Co. EIMC’s paid-up capital was increased in
Taiwan. Furthermore, the Investment Agreement and the Tripartite Agreement
were signed in Taiwan. In contrast, the Transfer Affidavits were signed in
Singapore by (a) Marinteknik, a Singapore company; (b) Mr Hsiao for EIMC; and
(c) Mr Lu. Both Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu are from Taiwan. On the other hand, the USA
element in the case is Mr Qin and P1, and the investment is in US Dollars.

79 Since the series of events constituting the tort substantially took place
in Taiwan, the double actionability rule requires EFT to show that the wrongs
are actionable under Taiwan law and Singapore law. So far, I have touched on
the law of the _lex_ _fori_ in [61]-[70] above.

80 EFT’s pleadings averred to Taiwanese company law, but not the _lex loci
delicti_ of the tort. EFT called a Taiwanese lawyer to testify on the
Singapore defendants’ issue estoppel defence that was raised in the context of
the judgments handed down in Taiwan (see [12]-[18] above). No conflict of laws
issue was raised in the pleadings; the parties proceeded, incorrectly in my
view, on the basis that the principles of law which apply in Taiwan are
presumed to be identical to the law on unlawful means conspiracy in Singapore.

81 On 22 November 2012, the parties were invited to consider whether there
were any conflict of laws issues in this case. In this regard, the Registrar’s
letter stated:

It may be relevant for the parties to consider whether the plaintiffs were
required to plead and prove Taiwanese law (as the _lex loci delicti_) in order
for the wrong committed in Taiwan to be actionable in Singapore (as the _lex_
_fori_).

The parties tendered written submissions on 29 November 2012.

82 Mr Haridass submitted on the applicability of the double actionability rule
and EFT’s failure to plead and prove that the alleged wrongdoings committed in
Taiwan were actionable under Taiwanese law. Mr Hee held opposite views. Whilst
the conspiracy was connected to Singapore and Taiwan, Mr Hee maintained that
it was not clear-cut as to where “the tort can be said to have been
committed.”[note: 49] Eventually, Mr Hee settled on Singapore as the place of
the tort. Mr Hee relied on the events _before_ 23 June 2008 to argue that they
were “the series of events constituting the tort” and, in substance, the cause
of action arose in Singapore. He relied on the Transfer Affidavits and the
April 2008 MOUs for the Singapore connection, and contended that without these
false documents, Mr Hsiao would not have been able to register and increase
EIMC’s paid-up capital. The Singapore defendants’ assistance was rendered in
Singapore, although Mr Hee conceded that the Subscription Agreement “was the
final fruition of the Defendants’ conspiracy”.[note: 50] Mr Hee argued that
the conspiracy was committed in Singapore and in this case, the _lex loci
delicti_ and the _lox fori_ coincided. Hence, there was no need to plead and
prove Taiwanese law.

83 Mr Hee’s fallback position, if the court disagreed with him on his first
argument, was that there was no need to plead and prove Taiwanese law. The
alleged wrong was of such a character that it would have been actionable if
committed in Singapore. A plaintiff like EFT, Mr Hee submitted, was not
required to plead or prove Taiwanese law in order for the tort to be
actionable. He relied on _Goh_ _Chok Tong v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 1 SLR(R)
811 SGHC 104 (“ _GCT_ ”) and passages from Dicey, Morris and Collins on The
Conflict of Laws (14th ED) (“Dicey”) at paras 35-145 in support of his
proposition. _GCT_ is a defamation case. Recently, Philip Pillai J in _Low
Tuck Kwong v Sukamto Sia_ [2012] SGHC 233 (“ _Low Tuck Kwong_ ”) applied the
double actionability rule to a defamation case. GCT was not referred to in
_Low Tuck Kwong._ In _Low Tuck Kwong_ , Pillai J held as follows (at
[15]-[17]):

The place of commission of the tort of defamation was the place in which the
defamatory statement was published. Thus, the Indonesian Publications and
Indonesian Republications were alleged torts committed in Singapore. For the
Singapore Republications, the plaintiff need only show that they were
actionable under Singapore law. For the Indonesia Publications and Indonesian
Republications, the double actionability rule required the plaintiff to show
that they were actionable under both Singapore law and Indonesian law. If the
plaintiff proved that the publications and republications were so actionable,
the defendant must, to avoid liability, prove that he had a defence. For the
Singapore Republications, the defendant must prove that he had a defence under
Singapore law. However, for the Indonesian Publications and Indonesian
Republications, it sufficed for the defendant to prove that he had a defence
under either Indonesian law or Singapore law.

84 For present purposes, I will simply distinguish the choice of law rule for
defamation cases from cases involving unlawful means conspiracy, and adopt the
general principle that double actionability is required. The commentary at
para 75.375 of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 6(2) (LexisNexis, 2009)
explains:

[T]he wrong must be actionable under the foreign law in the sense that civil
liability must be shown in respect of the very same claim made in the forum.
In default of proof of the law of the place of the tort, it will generally be
assumed to be the same as the law of the forum.

85 With respect to the presumption that foreign law is the same as Singapore
law, this presumption is a rule of convenience. Taiwan is a non precedent
civil law jurisdiction, and as the Court of Appeal in _Rickshaw Investments_
observed (at [43]), the court may take notice, as I have done in this case,
that the laws of Taiwan are likely to be different:

86 Mr Hee’s argument is that EFT’s conspiracy case is based on the events that
occurred _before_ 23 June 2008. The Transfer Affidavits and Transfer Addenda
were signed in Singapore, nothing else happened thereafter in Singapore. Under
the law on unlawful means conspiracy, the existence of an agreement alone is
not good enough. The conspiracy is committed only if the agreement is
implemented (see [63] above). Applying this principle, for EFT to successfully
sue for unlawful means conspiracy, Mr Hee will have to identify the unlawful
acts carried out pursuant to the agreement in order to determine the place of
the tort.

87 I agree with Mr Haridass that the exception to the double actionability
rule does not apply in this case.

88 Since it is EFT that is suing the Singapore defendants for a wrong
committed in Taiwan, and, in my analysis, the alleged wrong relates to the
events from 23 June 2008, evidence ought to have been led by EFT that there is
civil liability in respect of the very same claim that is being made in
Singapore (_ie_ , the _lex_ _fori_). This was not shown. EFT’s action is
dismissed for this reason.

89 Be that as it may, for completeness, I move on to discuss and decide the
claim for unlawful means conspiracy under Singapore law.

Discussion on the alleged conspiracy

Overview

90 Two features in this case stand out: two distinct periods of time and two
different transactions (see [76] above). In this regard, it is necessary to
examine what precisely is being alleged against the Singapore defendants in
the conspiracy charge to see whether each group of events, set in their proper
context, are overt acts from which a concurrent or prior combination by the
Singapore defendants with Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) can properly be
inferred, and if so, whether the common objective was to deceive EFT. In
addition, problems surfaced in this case because the principles of unlawful
means conspiracy were supplanted by or mixed up with the tort of deceit
principles. In the result, I find that the key ingredients of the tort of
conspiracy by unlawful means were not made out.

91 EFT’s pleaded case is that the four defendants or any two or more of them
conspired to injure EFT by unlawful means. In its pleadings, EFT used the
phrase “infringing acts” that “inflicted damage” on EFT. From the way EFT
pleaded its case, the “infringing acts” (_ie_ , the unlawful acts) that were
to form the basis of the unlawful means conspiracy were also alleged to give
rise to the tort of deceit or fraudulent misrepresentation. The forefront of
EFT’s pleadings concentrated on the fraudulent misrepresentations of the
Singapore defendants. The thinking seemed to be that liability for unlawful
means conspiracy would be made out by reason of the totality of the Singapore
defendants’ fraudulent misrepresentations contained in the Tripartite
Agreement, the Transfer Affidavits and the Investment Agreement which were
said to be directed at or intended for potential fund providers like banks,
investors, and any person or entity that could provide EIMC with funds. EFT,
being a provider of funds (an expression introduced in EFT’s Closing
Submissions whereas previously, in the Amended Statement of Claim, the
averment was made to “potential investors”), would fall into this category.
The essence of the fraudulent misrepresentation, so far as is relevant for
this case, is the making of false and fraudulent statements that are known to
be untrue, intending that the persons to whom the statements are made _(ie_ ,
potential fund providers like EFT) will rely on them and be induced into
investing in EIMC. I will elaborate further on EFT’s contentions in due
course. Suffice it to say at this point that satisfying the elements of the
tort of deceit would certainly not be sufficient to establish a case on
unlawful means conspiracy _._ Basically, the key elements of the two torts are
different. As Lord Walker in _Total Network_ put it at [95]-[96]], “It is not
enough that there is an element of unlawfulness somewhere in the story”.

92 The holding of Briggs J in _Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ Ltd and another v
Baskan_ _Gida_ _Sanayi_ _Ve_ _Pazarlama AS and 13 others_ [2010] Bus LR Digest
at [847] is a useful guide on what is required in the analysis of the facts to
draw out from the allegations pleaded the key ingredients of the tort of
conspiracy by unlawful means. In that case, Briggs J held that the key
elements of the tort of unlawful means conspiracy required an analysis of the
extent to which the particular defendant shared a common objective with the
primary fraudsters, and the extent to which the achievement of that common
objective was, to the particular defendant’s knowledge, to be achieved by
unlawful means intended to injure the plaintiff. As there must be an intention
to cause harm by unlawful means, the particular defendant must know that the
relevant conduct was unlawful. In other words, a defendant is not guilty of
conspiracy unless he enters into an agreement with the object of effecting
(personally or through another) the unlawful act rendering this agreement
unlawful. Briggs J cited, in support of his holding passages from Nourse LJ’s
judgment in _Kuwait Oil_ (at [111]):

A further feature of the tort of conspiracy, which is also found in criminal
conspiracies, is that, as the judge pointed out (at p 124), it is not
necessary to show that there is anything in the nature of an express
agreement, whether formal or informal. It is sufficient if two or more persons
combine with a common intention, or, in other words, that they deliberately
combine, albeit tacitly, to achieve a common end...Thus, it is not necessary
for the conspirators all to join the conspiracy at the same time, but we agree
with the judge that the parties to it must be sufficiently aware of the
surrounding circumstances and share the same object for it properly to be said
that they were acting in concert at the time of the acts complained of.

93 At the trial, EFT vigorously pursued the false representations made in the
Presentation Documents shown to Mr Qin at the 24 June Presentation. EFT
attempted to prove two things: (a) that the Transfer Affidavits were intended
to fraudulently increase EIMC’s paid-up capital so that banks and investors
like EFT would be misled into believing that EIMC was a financially robust
company and would thereby be induced to invest in EIMC; and (b) that the
Transfer Addenda were not actually shown at the meetings on 23 and 24 June
2008. It was said that the Transfer Addenda were deliberately withheld from
EFT. By this argument, EFT’s position is that the Transfer Addenda were meant
to be read with the Transfer Affidavits, but they were withheld. It must
follow from EFT’s argument that if the Transfer Addenda were shown, the
relevant statements would be contained in the totality of the documents _(ie_
, the Transfer Affidavits accompanied by the Transfer Addenda, the Tripartite
Agreement and the Investment Agreement) with the result that the Transfer
Addenda would explain the Transfer Affidavits. That is to say, there would be
no misstatements in the Transfer Affidavits as the true state of affairs would
be updated by the Transfer Addenda.

94 The Singapore defendants put EFT to strict proof that the Presentation
Documents, in particular the Tripartite Agreement and the Transfer Affidavits
executed by Priscilla on behalf of Marinteknik, were shown to Mr Qin. Counsel
for the Singapore defendants, Mr Haridass, argues that, firstly, EFT would not
have made out its case of misrepresentation if the Tripartite Agreement and
the Transfer Affidavits had not been shown to Mr Qin. Therefore, Mr Haridass
aimed his cross-examination at discrediting Mr Qin’s version of the evidence
that he was shown, _inter alia_ , the Tripartite Agreement and the Transfer
Affidavits. In fact, Mr Qin was asked about this twice by Mr Haridass and on
both occasions, Mr Qin answered that he was not shown the Transfer
Affidavits.[note: 51] Mr Hee puts Mr Qin’s replies down to a momentary lapse,
but I find that excuse (proffered in EFT’s Closing Submissions) implausible
when the Transfer Affidavits constitute the backbone of EFT’s case and Mr Qin
forgets that they were ever shown to him.

95 Secondly, Mr Haridass argues that there was no intention to inflict harm
and cause loss to EFT. The pleaded defence is that the Transfer Affidavits
were to assist EIMC to obtain bank financing so as to purchase Hulls 189 and
190, and that it does not follow as a matter of law that the Singapore
defendants’ intention was to represent a false view of things to a potential
investor like EFT who came into the picture almost a year later. Besides, the
issue at trial does not resolve itself simply on the basis that EFT belonged
to a class of persons who, in the contemplation of the Singapore defendants,
would receive the fraudulent misstatements (if established) and be deceived by
the misstatements. I will deal with this second argument in due course.

96 For completeness, I should mention some observations made by Mr Haridass.
EFT invested in EIMC because Mr Qin saw tremendous business opportunities and
benefits that EFT could derive from EIMC’s commercially valuable cross-strait
ferry licence. However, as an investment, it turned out to be a bad mistake by
Mr Qin. There were no spectacular profits to speak of, only disappointing
operational losses. Mr Qin sued everyone he could think of. P1’s Annual Report
for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2011 recorded numerous litigations. Note 17
- “Litigation” recorded that EIMC already owned the _OCEAN LALA_ _before_ EFT
invested in EIMC.[note: 52] This piece of evidence is material to the question
of EFT’s alleged loss as the equity investment was the same as the balance of
the purchase price of the _OCEAN LALA._ The purchase price of the _OCEAN LALA_
was recorded as US$21,961,660 in the same Annual Report, and EFT’s equity
investment was US$19.193 million. EIMC became the registered owner of the
_OCEAN LALA_ at the end of 2008. The last payment of US$2,670,881 of the
purchase price was withheld and was the subject of litigation between Ezone
and EIMC. When Ezone sued EIMC on 18 August 2010 for the balance of the
purchase price of the _OCEAN LALA_ , EIMC defended the claim and counter sued
Ezone on the basis that the _OCEAN LALA_ was defective, unseaworthy and not
fit for its intended purpose as a cross-strait ferry. [note: 53]

97 As stated earlier, there were other court cases in Taiwan that stemmed from
EFT’s investment in EIMC, and the Singapore Action is of the same genre.

98 It is important to stand back and put into context the information
available to both Mr Hsiao and Mr Chiao, including EIMC, on 23 and 24 June
2008 and compare this information with the impression they were seeking to
give to Mr Qin. This litigation is about a state of affairs in EIMC that
existed in June 2008 and continued until the closing of the Subscription
Agreement in October 2008. The state of affairs in EIMC that existed in June
2008 related to: (a) EIMC’s paid-up capital of US$17 million; and (b) Mr Lu’s
status as the registered shareholder of 48,750,000 shares in EIMC, with his
shares recorded as having been paid for.

99 The inquiry below will focus on the specific groups of events that are
looked upon as the overt acts to justify an inference of participation by the
Singapore defendants in an unlawful means conspiracy to injure EFT. The first
group of overt events related to matters like the state of affairs, in part
allegedly due to the concerted actions in 2007 of the Singapore defendants and
Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) and the common design or common objective
shared amongst the parties at that time. The next specific group of events was
a year later, between June 2008 and October 2008. The nub of the issue in this
case is whether the concerted actions in 2007, which resurfaced during the
events of 2008, were from an agreement or a combination by the Singapore
defendants with Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) to deceive EFT into investing
in EIMC by misleading EFT into believing that EIMC was a financially robust
company with a paid-up capital of US$17 million.

The witnesses

100 The primary evidence before the court is that of the principal witnesses,
Mr Qin and Priscilla who attended the trial and were cross-examined, and the
relevant documentation. The problem with the witness evidence in a case like
this is that the parties engaged in a fair amount of ex post facto reasoning
and arguments made with the benefit of hindsight were introduced as facts in
evidence. The court also has to be vigilant of self-serving assertions.

101 The other witness of fact called by EFT is Mr Soon Jiann-Pyng (Mr Soon”),
the group general counsel of P1. Mr Soon joined P1 in October 2008 and, as
such, was not present at the two June 2008 meetings in Taiwan. However, as
general counsel of P1, he seeks in his affidavit of evidence-in chief to
primarily argue EFT’s case based on his forensic, interpretation and
assessment of the documents. I did not find his evidence of much assistance.

102 The remaining witnesses were put forward as expert witnesses. They were
the public accountants who testified on the value of the shares in EIMC in
connection with EFT’s alleged loss arising from the investment. Mr Abuthahir
Abdul Gafoor was the expert witness for EFT and Mr N S Mani testified on
behalf of the Singapore defendants.

103 The other expert witnesses were Taiwanese lawyers who were called by each
party as expert witnesses on Taiwanese corporation law, and to explain the
Taiwanese judgments in relation to the issue estoppel defence raised by the
Singapore defendants (see [12]-[18] above).

104 I should, for completeness mention, that Mr Haridass chose not to engage
EFT’s expert witness, Mr Tsao Chih-Jen (“Mr Tsao”), on any substantive issues,
choosing instead to focus on Mr Tsao’s failure to provide his qualifications
(to qualify as an expert witness under the ROC) and the fact that he is EFT’s
“representative lawyer” in Taiwan and, accordingly, has an “interest” in EFT’s
success in the instant suit. Essentially, Mr Haridass questioned his
objectivity and independence.

105 As stated earlier, Mr Hsiao (D4) and Mr Lu (D4) did not enter an
appearance to the Singapore Action. They also did not defend the Taiwanese
proceedings brought by P2.

Nature of the agreement or combination and unlawful means

106 I now turn to the requirement of an agreement between or a combination of
two or more persons. If this ingredient is not made out, the claim in unlawful
means conspiracy fails.

107 EFT said that the four defendants in the Singapore Action were involved in
the conspiracy. Before a court can determine whether a defendant is a party to
an agreement between or a combination of two or more persons to carry out a
common objective by unlawful means, it is necessary to identify what the
agreement is said to be and what part the defendant played in achieving the
common objective.

108 I start by examining (a) what common objective the Singapore defendants
shared with Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) at the time of the acts complained
of; and (b) what unlawful means were used to attain that common objective.
Questions (a) and (b) have to be considered in the light of what precisely is
being alleged against the Singapore defendants in the conspiracy charge.

Analysis

109 Mr Qin’s complaint was that the oral misrepresentations made by Mr Chiao
at the 24 June Presentation, together with the false statements in the
Presentation Documents shown to him, were “part of a conspiracy amongst the
Defendants to defraud potential fund providers”.[note: 54] The common
objective was to cheat potential fund investors like EFT. The deceit was
perpetrated at the 24 June Presentation in circumstances where oral
misrepresentations were made and where the Presentation Documents containing
false statements were shown to Mr Qin. According to Mr Qin, the Singapore
defendants were a party to the conspiracy as they agreed to and were
responsible for creating the false documents like the Tripartite Agreement and
the Transfer Affidavits.

110 The time at which the acts complained of were said to occur was identified
as the 24 June Presentation, _ie_ , 24 June 2008. Now, what were the concerted
actions of the Singapore defendants and Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) and
the common design shared amongst these people at that time?

111 The common objective is _not_ obvious from the pleadings since the thrust
of the averments was that the Singapore defendants were guilty of fraudulent
misrepresentations in the Presentation Documents and the 2006/2007 Financial
Statements, and that EFT relied on these documents to invest in EIMC.[note:
55] It seems to me that the approach of the pleadings to the Singapore
defendants’ involvement in producing false documents was more aligned and
consistent with a case of the tort of deceit. To illustrate, EFT pleaded that
the Singapore defendants created the Presentation Documents identified in [23]
above for the purpose of enabling EIMC to inflate its paid-up capital, and
that the Singapore defendants created the Presentation Documents knowing that
they were false or with reckless disregard as to whether they were true or
false. In relation to the four defendants’ common design or common objective,
the closest averment is in paragraph 7.13 of the Amended Statement of Claim,
under the heading “Particulars of knowledge of misrepresentation”. There, EFT
pleaded that Marinteknik agreed to Mr Hsiao’s request to execute the Transfer
Affidavits on the basis that the purchase price of Hulls 189 and 190 had been
fully paid “in order to assist [Mr Hsiao] and/or EIMC to negotiate with banks
and/or potential investors for financing”.[note: 56] There were other
averments crafted in words often used in an action for deceit. One example is
the averment that the defendants made the misrepresentation or allowed the
misrepresentation [in the Investment Agreement and Tripartite Agreement] to be
made either fraudulently, knowing that it was false and untrue, or recklessly
not caring whether it was true or false.[note: 57] Another example relates to
the Transfer Affidavits, where the plea is that the Singapore defendants
created the Transfer Affidavits knowing or with reckless disregard that the
Transfer Affidavits would be used to defraud potential investors into
investing in EIMC.[note: 58]

112 I had to traverse various paragraphs of the Amended Statement of Claim and
the Amended Reply to work out what the alleged agreement or combination was
said to be and what part the Singapore defendants played in that agreement or
combination. Pulling together various pieces of the averments, the alleged
agreement or combination appears to draw from events that occurred before 23
June 2008. Mr Lu (D4) became a shareholder of EIMC in respect of 48,750,000
ordinary shares in or about July 2006 pursuant to the Investment Agreement
dated 11 July 2006.[note: 59] As consideration for the shares, EIMC took over
Mr Lu’s interest in the 2005 shipbuilding contracts. However, the shares were
to be paid by property injected into EIMC. By virtue of Article 274 of the
Companies Act of Taiwan,[note: 60] Mr Lu (D4) had to transfer his title,
rights and interests in Hulls 189 and 190 to EIMC.[note: 61] In this regard,
Mr Hsiao (D3) asked Marinteknik to assist EIMC in increasing EIMC’s paid-up
capital by transferring the shares in Hulls 189 and 190 to Mr Lu on the basis
that the vessels had been paid for in full. According to the pleadings,
Marinteknik agreed to Mr Hsiao’s request to sign the Transfer Affidavits “in
order to assist [Mr Hsiao] and/or EIMC to negotiate with banks and/or
potential investors for financing”.[note: 62]

113 Again, according to the pleadings, Priscilla (on behalf of Marinteknik),
Mr Hsiao (on behalf of EIMC) and Mr Lu executed the Transfer Affidavits on 24
April 2007 that confirmed that the purchase price of Hulls 189 and 190 had
been fully paid, and that Marinteknik’s title and interest in Hulls 189 and
190 had been transferred to Mr Lu. The Transfer Affidavits were false as: (a)
Mr Lu and EIMC had not paid for Hulls 189 and 190; and (b) there was no
transfer of Marinteknik’s title, rights and interests in Hulls 189 and 190 to
Mr Lu.[note: 63] Effectively, the object of the Transfer Affidavits was to
enable shares to be registered in Mr Lu’s name as paid-up shares.

114 In its Amended Reply, EFT pleaded that the Singapore defendants had
participated in the conspiracy by creating and/or executing the 2005
shipbuilding contracts, the Tripartite Agreement and the Transfer Affidavits
with the objective of overstating EIMC’s equity and assets in the 2006/2007
Financial Statements for the purpose of defrauding potential investors into
investing in EIMC, and EFT fell within the class of potential investors.[note:
64]

115 I now come to the Transfer Addenda. Was it also part of the agreement that
the Transfer Addenda be withheld from EFT on 24 June 2008? EFT alleged that
the existence of the Transfer Addenda was actively suppressed. As to the
identity of the persons who withheld the Transfer Addenda, EFT provided in its
Further and Better Particulars the following particulars:[note: 65]

The persons who were involved in the creation and/or endorsement of the
Addenda ... or had knowledge of it withheld the same from the Plaintiffs which
to the best of the Plaintiffs’ knowledge are: Jen-Ho Chiao and the 3rd
Defendant, and/or the 1st, 2nd and 4th Defendants.

116 EFT gave Further and Better Particulars of the allegation that Mr Hsiao
and Mr Chiao used the Transfer Affidavits and the 2006/2007 Financial
Statements during the 24 June Presentation to portray EIMC as a financially
robust company worth investing in.[note: 66] The particulars are as
follows:[note: 67]

At the presentation, Jen-Ho Chiao had asked Mr Jack Qin whether he was
interested in investing in EIMC. Jen-Ho Chiao told Mr Jack Qin that EIMC had
already paid EUR 1.6 million as deposit for the purchase of a vessel(s) for
the purposes of the business. Jen-Ho Chiao told Mr Jack Qin that the capital
invested by EFT would go towards purchasing a vessel(s) for the purposes of
the business. Jen-Ho Chiao then showed Mr Jack Qin the Documents,
Certificates, Survey Reports and EIMC’s audited Financial Statements for the
[financial] years ended 2006 and 2007, which reflected that EIMC’s paid up
capital had increased from NTD 1,000,000 in the [financial] year ended 2006 to
NTD 566,662,500 in the [financial] year ended 2007. This meant that EIMC had a
paid up capital of about USD 17 million. The Plaintiffs were also told that
the documents were prepared by the 1st and 2nd Defendants, thereby creating
the impression that the documents could be relied on.

117 EFT also stated that it was Mr Chiao who informed Mr Qin that the
Presentation Documents (save for the Investment Agreement) were prepared by
Marinteknik and Priscilla.[note: 68]

118 EFT alleged in its pleadings that it invested in EIMC because it thought
that EIMC owned Hulls 189 and 190, relying on the 2005 shipbuilding contracts
– however this allegation was dropped in Closing Submissions because in its
Answer to Further & Better Particulars, EFT accepted that Mr Qin was told that
the vessels had been sold.[note: 69]

119 EFT’s disorganised pleadings aside, I now turn to analyse the facts in
evidence in relation to questions (a)-(b) (see [108] above).

120 The alleged deceit practised on P1 at the 24 June Presentation was by
EIMC, Mr Hsiao and Mr Chiao in Taiwan. Unless the Singapore defendants were
co-conspirators with, at least Mr Hsiao (D3), the Singapore defendants could
_not_ be made liable in Singapore in an action for deceit based on what
transpired at the meetings in June 2008.

121 The Singapore defendants’ pleaded case on the June 2008 meetings is very
clear. They denied any involvement in the June 2008 meetings and denied ever
having had dealings with EFT.[note: 70] In fact, it is not disputed that the
Singapore defendants were _not_ at the meetings held on 23 and 24 June 2008,
nor was it EFT’s pleaded case, and there is no evidence at all, that the oral
representations and the production of the Presentation Documents to Mr Qin
were made by Mr Chiao on behalf of EIMC and on behalf of the Singapore
defendants and with the knowledge of the Singapore defendants. In the light of
this undisputed set of material facts showing that the Singapore defendants
had _no_ involvement in the events of June 2008, it is difficult for EFT to
show that the Singapore defendants were a party to an agreement or a
combination with, at least, Mr Hsiao to injure EFT.

122 It is not disputed that Mr Hsiao (D3) was present at the meetings held on
23 and 24 June 2008. Mr Hsiao was aware of the Transfer Addenda in that he
signed the Transfer Addenda on behalf of EIMC on 24 April 2007, but he kept
quiet about the existence of the Transfer Addenda and it was that omission
that led Mr Qin to allege that the Transfer Addenda were deliberately withheld
from EFT. There is no evidence that the Singapore defendants deliberately
withheld the Transfer Addenda from EFT. The fact that the Transfer Addenda
were not actually shown to Mr Qin at the 24 June Presentation speaks of deceit
and fraud on the part of Mr Hsiao and EIMC (represented by Mr Chiao), and
_not_ on the part of Marinteknik and Priscilla.

123 EFT’s case is that it was injured by the unlawful acts of a combination of
the four defendants in the Singapore Action.[note: 71]

124 Mr Hee’s arguments assume that the June 2008 meetings with Mr Qin involved
Priscilla. He argues that the Singapore defendants would know about an
impending investor after Priscilla, as a director of Ezone, entered into a
contract with EIMC for the sale and purchase of the _OCEAN LALA_ on 17 June
2008. In support of his submissions, Mr Hee relies on Priscilla’s willingness
to sell the _OCEAN LALA_ to EIMC after the expiry of the April 2008 MOUs on 9
June 2008 to make the claim that Priscilla must have known that Mr Hsiao and
Mr Chiao were going to approach and meet investors such as EFT. This is a bald
assertion. None of what is said can qualify as overt acts to properly infer
the existence of an agreement between the Singapore defendants and Mr Hsiao
(D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) at the time of the acts complained of (_ie_ , on 24
June 2008) to injure EFT by unlawful means.

125 If, for the sake of argument, the Singapore defendants knew, for instance,
that the Presentation Documents were going to be shown by Mr Chiao in the
presence of Mr Hsiao to Mr Qin at the 24 June Presentation and the Singapore
defendants did not stop them, that is not sufficient to prove that the
Singapore defendants were a party to a combination to mislead and cheat Mr Qin
into getting EFT to invest in EIMC. More to the point, Mr Hee has not produced
any authority for the proposition that a person (in the position of the
Singapore defendants) who knows that unlawful acts are being committed and who
does nothing to stop those acts is a party to a conspiracy to carry out those
acts.

126 I find that there is no evidence of an agreement shared between the
Singapore defendants and Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) to resurface and
reuse the Presentation Documents, in particular, the Transfer Affidavits and
the Tripartite Agreement, at the 24 June Presentation. At this point, I pause
to repeat that for unlawful means conspiracy, the test is not whether the
Transfer Affidavits were shown with reckless disregard that they would be used
to defraud potential investors into investing in EIMC. A defendant is not
guilty of conspiracy unless he enters into an agreement or a combination with
two or more person with a common objective of effecting an unlawful act (in
this case, the making of the false Transfer Affidavits was designed to enable
EIMC to obtain bank finance for the purchase of Hulls 189 and 190) rendering
this agreement or a combination unlawful. Notably, the element of “intention”
in unlawful means conspiracy, which is closely linked with the particular
defendant’s knowledge, is required as it is intrinsic in the notion of an
agreement to commit an unlawful purpose.

127 In order to put the Transfer Affidavits and the Transfer Addenda in their
proper context, it is necessary to go back to when these documents are set in
their historical context starting with the 2005 shipbuilding contracts and the
difficulties EIMC and Mr Hsiao faced in obtaining bank financing to complete
the purchase of Hulls 189 and 190. For now, it is important to bear in mind
that the Transfer Affidavits were for a particular intended transaction, and
that they were also for a particular period of time from 24 April 2007 to 24
July 2007. Notably the Tripartite Agreement and the Transfer Affidavits
related to events _before_ EFT came into the picture, and even before EIMC
thought of buying a second hand catamaran. The Tripartite Agreement and the
Transfer Affidavits were already outdated in June 2008, and they were for
Hulls 189 and 190. It is undisputed that the first time Mr Qin heard of and
met Mr Chiao and Mr Hsiao (D3) was on 23 June 2008.

128 A converse situation – a position taken by Mr Hee – is that the
Presentation Documents were not spent. Related to this converse situation is
the fundamental question whether the Singapore defendants’ agreement to
cooperate with and assist Mr Hsiao (D3) and Mr Lu (D4) between 24 April 2007
and 27 July 2007 continued into June 2008 through to October 2008 when Mr Qin
came into the picture. I think the answer is in the negative since Priscilla
had imposed a transactional time limit.

129 Returning to the background facts, the 2005 shipbuilding contracts were
signed on 5 November 2005 and EIMC’s attempts to secure bank financing for the
newbuildings were frustratingly protracted. Priscilla was the director of
Marinteknik who interacted with Mr Hsiao acting on behalf of EIMC.

130 It is clear that the Transfer Affidavits were created at the request of Mr
Hsiao and Mr Lu in April 2007, and I find that the Transfer Affidavits enabled
Mr Lu to be a registered shareholder of EIMC (holding 48,750,000 _paid-up_
shares). In this way, the paid-up capital of EIMC was increased. The Transfer
Addenda, in recording the purpose of the Transfer Affidavits, stated that the
US$15 million deposit was “reflected ... only to assist [EIMC] in increasing
their paid-up Capital” and that there was “no physical payment of funds made
whatsoever”. The 2007 Financial Statements showed that 243,750,000 ordinary
shares were registered in Mr Lu’s name on 26 April 2007 and 231,562,500
ordinary shares were registered in his name on 11 June 2007. There is Mr
Hsiao’s letter of 5 July 2007 (see [42] above) informing Priscilla of the
increase in EIMC’s paid-up capital.

131 EIMC’s paid-up capital had increased to NTD 566,662,500 or US$17 million
as at 31 December 2007, and EIMC had, as part of its assets, two vessels
listed as “Transportation Equipment”. However, Note 16 to the 2007 Financial
Statements actually recorded that EIMC had not paid the balance purchase price
of Hulls 189 and 190, and that Marinteknik had agreed to delay the delivery of
Hulls 189 and 190.[note: 72]

132 I now come to EFT’s contention that the Transfer Affidavits complemented
the 2006/2007 Financial Statements. There is no force in this contention to
support the 2006/2007 Financial Statements as material from which to infer
that the Singapore defendants were a party in the conspiracy at the time the
acts were complained of (_ie_ , 24 June 2008). The Transfer Affidavits did not
immediately reveal that EIMC’s paid-up capital had increased – for that, Mr
Qin would have had to go to the balance sheet and the audited financials.
Bearing in mind that Mr Qin testified that he only glanced at these documents
for 15 minutes (enough time, so he claims, to make an assessment based on the
paid-up capital), for the misrepresentation to have been an operating cause of
EFT’s investment in EIMC, Mr Qin must have been relying on the 2006/2007
Financial Statements and _not_ on the Transfer Affidavits, which would not
have given him at a glance the information that he claims he based part of his
decision on.

133 There is no denying that the contents of the Transfer Affidavits and the
Transfer Addenda were clearly referable to the sale and purchase of Hulls 189
and 190 and the Transfer Addenda had an expiry date, which was 24 July 2007.
In other words, the representations there were for an intended transaction and
for a specific period of time. This is unlike the situation where the
representation continues until the intended transaction is completed or
withdrawn. Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley on Actionable Misrepresentation
(Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2000) at para 61 states:

A representation having been made for the purpose of an intended transaction
will normally be regarded as continuing until the transaction is entered into
or completed, unless varied or withdrawn in the meantime. A representation
which continues without being repeated is another example of a representation
implied from conduct.

134 By 24 April 2007, Marinteknik had cancelled the 2005 shipbuilding
contracts for non-payment. The Singapore defendants were in the market to sell
Hulls 189 and 190. The Singapore defendants were still open to selling Hulls
189 and 190 to Mr Lu and EIMC, if EIMC, Mr Hsiao and Mr Lu could get bank
financing. Priscilla said that as far as she was concerned, before the
Transfer Affidavits were signed, she had telephone conversations with some
Taiwanese bankers about a letter of credit to cover the payment of the
purchase price for Hulls 189 and 190. She was not able to recall the name of
the bank officers she spoke with, but the Industrial Bank of Taiwan was in the
picture at the material time. Her impression then was that financing from the
banks was forthcoming. Priscilla had even given a Letter of Undertaking dated
13 July 2007 (see [44] above) as the bankers wanted the Singapore defendants
to assist in the sale of Hulls 189 and 190 should EIMC default on the “loan
conditions” within a year of delivery of the vessels.[note: 73] The state of
mind of the Singapore defendants from 24 April 2007 to 24 July 2007 was that
EIMC was getting bank loans to finance the purchase of Hulls 189 and 190.

135 The contents of the Transfer Affidavits were plainly false and designed to
mislead the banks that Mr Lu and EIMC had paid for Hulls 189 and 190. I do
think that the auditors were completely misled in the light of Note 16 to the
2007 Financial Statements, where the auditors noted that: (a) EIMC had an
outstanding liability to the shipbuilder (_ie_ , Marinteknik) for two vessels;
(b) EIMC had problem obtaining bank loans to pay off the balance of the
purchase price; and (c) EIMC was in negotiations with the shipbuilder, who had
in principle agreed to postpone payment for and delivery of the two
vessels.[note: 74] Priscilla’s testimony is consistent in so far as the
Transfer Affidavits and the Transfer Addenda were referable to the sale and
purchase of Hulls 189 and 190, and the Singapore defendants’ assistance to
EIMC was to obtain financing from Taiwanese banks and the assistance was for a
limited time (_ie_ , from 24 April 2007 to 24 July 2007). At that stage,
Priscilla was _not_ told that EIMC was seeking to raise finance by way of an
equity placing with investors to buy Hulls 189 and 190. During this period of
time (24 April 2007 to 24 July 2007), the Singapore defendants, EIMC, Mr Hsiao
and Mr Lu would know that any loan to buy the two hulls would be from the
Industrial Bank of Taiwan.

136 I accept Priscilla’s oral testimony that there were communications in
early July 2007 and the bank that was considering EIMC’s loan application was
the Industrial Bank of Taiwan. In a letter dated 5 July 2007, the Industrial
Bank of Taiwan wrote to Marinteknik, and the letter was marked for the
attention of Priscilla. Randy Hung, Assistant Vice-President of Corporate
Banking wrote:[note: 75]

Re Hulls 189 and 190 Letter of Credit Progression

Pursuant to the agreement with Excalibur in the issuance of Hulls 189 and 190
Letters of Credit, we are progressing into the final stages of the conditions
precedent to the issuance of the letters of credit.

We expect both the letters of credit to be issued around one month from
todate. For any further queries please contact Excalibur International Marine,
Mr Steve Hsiao directly.

137 The intended transaction was not completed by 24 July 2007. After that, no
further representation could arise from the use of the Transfer Affidavits.
Even if, for the sake of argument, the conditions (law and fact) for a
representation existed, there is still no evidence of a common objective
shared between the Singapore defendants and Mr Hsiao (D3) and/or Mr Lu (D4) to
surface or revive the Transfer Affidavits and the Tripartite Agreement at the
24 June Presentation to deceive EFT into investing in EIMC.

138 Therefore, as the Transfer Affidavits were signed on 24 April 2007, the
Singapore defendants did not intend that Mr Lu (D4), Mr Hsiao (D3) and EIMC
would pass them on to future potential investors (this was the expression used
in EFT’s Amended Statement of Claim rather than the expression “potential fund
provider” introduced and used in EFT’s Closing Submissions) providing equity
to EIMC for the purchase of the _OCEAN LALA_. Between 24 April 2007 and 24
July 2007, the plan amongst EIMC, Mr Hsiao, Mr Lu and the Singapore defendants
was to obtain money from the banks by deception to purchase Hulls 189 and 190.
The making of the Transfer Affidavits and the provision of the Transfer
Affidavits to show a false picture of Mr Lu’s interests in Hulls 189 and 190
were acts designed to enable EIMC and Mr Hsiao to issue and register shares as
paid-up in Mr Lu’s name, and to obtain banking loan facilities by deception.
It is clear from the Transfer Addenda to the Transfer Affidavits that the
Transfer Affidavits were to be used purely for obtaining financing from the
banks, rather than for any genuine commercial purpose between the Singapore
defendants and EIMC, Mr Hsiao (D3) and Mr Lu (D4). This analysis of the
Transfer Affidavits necessarily takes away the other acts relied upon (like
the making of the 2005 shipbuilding contracts and the Tripartite Agreement) of
any force as material from which the Singapore defendants’ participation in a
conspiracy could possibly be inferred on 24 June 2008.

139 EFT sought to implicate the Singapore defendants in the scheme to deceive
EFT on 24 June 2008 from Priscilla’s “commercial conduct”, in particular, (a)
Priscilla admitting during cross-examination that the outstanding down-payment
for Hulls 189 and 190 could have been paid if EIMC had procured new investors
or if existing shareholders had injected money into EIMC,[note: 76] (b) there
was no correspondence between Mr Hsiao and Priscilla in 2008, which apparently
demonstrated that at that time, EIMC was pursuing investors and not bank
financing; (c) Priscilla admitting that the Transfer Addenda were prepared to
“protect Marinteknik” to show that US$7.5 million (for each Hull) had not been
paid; and (d) the April 2008 MOUs were created to aid EIMC in procuring
financing, which demonstrated that the Singapore defendants persisted with the
fraud and continued representing that EIMC’s paid-up capital was US$17
million.

140 Mr Hee argues that the Singapore defendants did not care about the
provenance of the funding because they wished to break into the China/Taiwan
market for their catamarans. I find that if provenance of the financing was
not at all material to the Singapore defendants, it was only for the period
from 24 April 2007 to 24 July 2007 and the financing was for Hulls 189 and
190. The Singapore defendants’ cooperation with EIMC, Mr Hsiao (D3) and Mr Lu
(D4) ended on the expiry of the deadline on 24 July 2007.

141 I considered the April 2008 MOUs and Mr Hee’s arguments that Priscilla’s
company, Ezone, contracted to sell the _OCEAN LALA_ to EIMC even though , at
the material time, Ezone had not yet secured a contract to buy the _OCEAN
LALA_ from her then Spanish owners. The short answer to Mr Hee’s second point
is this. I cannot see anything legally wrong with what Ezone did: that is,
contract to sell the _OCEAN LALA_ to EIMC _before_ contracting to buy the
vessel from her then Spanish owners. I need only refer to Chao Hick Tin JA’s
remark in _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v POS Sdn_ _Bhd_ [2012] 4 SLR 231 (at [35])
that “[i]t is trite law that A may contract to sell B something that A does
not presently have - if B has fulfilled his part of the bargain and A has not,
the remedy available to B is for him to sue A for breach of contract.” In
fact, the Spanish owners of the _OCEAN LALA_ , who did not know EIMC, were not
prepared to sell the _OCEAN LALA_ directly to EIMC, but were more comfortable
in selling her to Ezone.[note: 77] Ezone and EIMC signed a memorandum of
agreement on 17 June 2008 for the sale of _OCEAN LALA_ at the price of EURO 16
million. EIMC paid a total of EURO 14 million by 30 July 2008. Thereafter, on
31 July 2008, Ezone contracted with the Spanish owners of the _OCEAN LALA_ to
purchase the vessel at EURO 12.95 million. _OCEAN LALA_ was delivered to EIMC
on 19 August 2008.[note: 78]

142 Priscilla’s explanation is that after Hulls 189 and 190 were sold to Giant
Dragon, Mr Hsiao (D3) again approached the Singapore defendants for assistance
in April 2008. Mr Hsiao’s story was that he needed the April 2008 MOUs to
maintain the cross-strait ferry licence. Once again, Priscilla very foolishly
believed him and issued the April 2008 MOUs. The addenda to the April 2008
MOUs (_ie_ , the MOU Addenda) came with an expiry date of 9 June 2008.
Crucially, Mr Qin who does not know and has never met Mr Chiao or Mr Hsiao
before the April 2008 MOUs and the Addenda were signed, was not in the picture
until Mr Qin visited Taiwan on 20 June 2008. Mr Qin heard about EIMC on 23
June 2008 and he was later introduced to Mr Chiao that same night after
dinner. Furthermore, at this level, the extent of the knowledge necessary to
be established against the Singapore defendants as co-conspirators is
important where the primary fraudster, Mr Hsiao (D3), had asked for assistance
in April 2008 _before_ Mr Qin and EFT came into the picture, and some two
months _before_ Ezone’s contract with EIMC for the sale of _OCEAN LALA_.

143 The deal to sell Hulls 189 and 190 to Mr Lu and EIMC had collapsed by 24
July 2007. EFT argues that the misrepresentations in the Transfer Affidavits
and the Transfer Addenda were not spent as the Singapore defendants’ fraud
“continued” well into 2008, evidenced by the fact that the Singapore
defendants produced the April 2008 MOUs perpetuating the falsehood about the
deposit of US$15 million. Mr Hee’s point is that there is no “validity period”
for the Transfer Affidavits read with the Transfer Addenda (which introduced a
time frame of 24 April 2007 to 24 July 2007) as they were created to “protect”
the Singapore defendants. I disagree with Mr Hee’s analysis of the evidence.

144 Mr Hee then suggests that the misrepresentations continued to linger
because the position in EIMC’s share register after 24 July 2007 remained the
same. He complained that the Singapore defendants made no effort to tell Mr
Hsiao or EIMC to correct the representations _viz._ that the paid-up capital
during the period from July 2007 to October 2008 was false. Similarly, EFT
argues that the Singapore defendants’ failure to correct or ask for the
“books” (_ie_ , audited accounts which reflected that EIMC had a paid-up
capital of US$17 million) to be corrected demonstrated that they were involved
in the fraud well into 2008. Mr Hee relied on the following letter from Mr
Hsiao to Priscilla (dated 5 July 2007) (see [42] above) as evidence that the
“books” were not corrected:

We have increased out [sic] paid up capital USD 15 million and our book [sic]
recognise the paid up capital to increase around USD 25 million totally very
soon.

145 Mr Lu remained a registered owner of 48,750,000 ordinary shares in EIMC
despite not having paid for them. Both expert witnesses on Taiwanese law
(_viz_ , the Singapore defendants’ expert witness, Mr Chang, and EFT’s expert
witness, Mr Tsao, agreed that Mr Lu’s 48,750,000 shares were void _vis-à-vis_
third parties. However, they also agreed that EIMC _could_ choose to
“recognize” or “validate” the 48,750,000 ordinary shares by asking Mr Lu to
pay for them. Of course, since EIMC did not ask Mr Lu to pay for the shares
and since Mr Lu never paid for the shares, Mr Lu’s shares are void.

146 With respect to Mr Hee’s contention that the Singapore defendants were
obliged to unravel the error in EIMC’s share register, Mr Hee tried to suggest
that the Singapore defendants were under a duty to get EICM to rectify the
paid-up capital of the company. He cross-examined Priscilla on whether she
told Mr Hsiao to correct the position of EIMC’s paid-up capital after the
expiry date, _ie_ , 24 July 2007. This line of cross-examination begs the
question whether the Singapore defendants were under a duty to rectify this
error in the share registry. Or was it sufficient that they simply executed
the Transfer Addenda? The question is what more the Singapore defendants
_could_ have done: Priscilla _did_ rectify the position of the parties with
the creation of the Transfer Addenda, and this was sufficient. It is
significant that EIMC was a party to Transfer Affidavits and the Transfer
Addenda. Mr Hsiao signed both sets of documents on behalf of EIMC. The
Singapore defendants were not obliged to insist that EIMC rectify its share
register – they owed no such duty to either EFT or Mr Qin. In fact, the
responsibility or obligation to rectify the share register lay with EIMC, and
not the Singapore defendants.

147 Whilst EFT built its case on conspiracy, it seemed to be tacking on duties
on the part of the Singapore defendants, like a duty to point out Note 16 to
the 2007 Financial Statements and a duty to correct the 2007 Financial
Statements. Mr Hee cites _JSI Shipping_ _(S) Pte Ltd v Teofoongwonglcloong (a
firm)_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 460 (“ _JSI Shipping_ ”) (at [45]) for the proposition
that any extraordinary detail in the 2006/2007 Financial Statements should
have been brought to the attention of Mr Qin. This proposition is flawed. _JSI
Shipping_ has been mischaracterised. That case was about the standard of care
which is expected of an auditor. An auditor has a duty to draw attention to a
particular item because he has a duty to check all the supporting documents
and verify the truth of the statement he is making about the financial health
of a company. It is a completely different situation from this, where the
documents had been executed for a specific purpose and a specific period of
time, accompanied by explanatory addenda, and where the documents had been
spent.

Conclusion

148 For the reasons stated, the existence of an agreement between the
Singapore defendants and Mr Hsiao and/or Mr Lu at the time of the acts
complained of (_ie_ , 24 June 2008), has not been proven by EFT. The problem
with EFT’s case is that it was built on an illusion created with the benefit
of hindsight and self-serving assertions.

Intention to injure EFT

149 Given my conclusion that EFT has not established that the Singapore
defendants were a party to a common design to cheat EFT into investing in
EIMC, it is not necessary to consider the intention to injure element.
However, for completeness, I will comment on this element as well.

150 It is clear from _Kuwait Oil_ (at [120]-[121]) that the court is able to
make a finding that a defendant had the necessary intention to injure the
plaintiff by drawing inferences to that effect from all the evidence before
it. It is clear from Lord Nicholls’ judgment in _OBG_ (at [166]) that “a
defendant’s foresight that his unlawful conduct may or will probably damage
the claimant cannot be equated with intention for this purpose, The defendant
must _intend_ to injure _the_ claimant”. [emphasis in original]

151 It was in relation to the element of intention that EFT’s allegation –
_viz_ , that the provenance of the funding included potential fund providers
like EFT - was made. Mr Hee submits that the Transfer Affidavits were intended
to fraudulently increase EIMC’s paid-up capital so that investors like EFT and
Taiwanese banks would be induced to finance EIMC’s purchase of Hulls 189 and
190. The knowledge and, hence, the state of mind of Priscilla is important. Me
Hee’s argument rests on the assumption that the Transfer Affidavits were
intended to help EIMC obtain equity investment to purchase Hulls 189 and 190.
The same matters, which I have covered in the section on the nature of the
agreement or a combination, are relevant and equally apply here. Having
concluded that the Singapore defendants were not a party to the alleged
conspiracy to cheat EFT into investing in EIMC, the element of intention to
injure EFT is not satisfied.

152 As an aside, the extension from a statement intended for a bank to a
statement intended for a potential investor is not correct. Investors may in
fact be “lending” to the company, but the considerations for a loan and those
for an investment are quite different and the types of documents required for
each purpose, while there may be some overlaps, would also not be identical.
The pleadings are replete with the averment that the financing was for the
purchase of Hulls 189 and 190.

153 There is no evidence that the Singapore defendants intended that a
potential fund provider (an expression used in EFT’s Closing Submissions)
would have relied on the Presentation Documents, or that the Presentation
Documents (all of which predated the June 2008 meetings in Taiwan) would be
used to defraud potential fund providers appearing in June 2008 in connection
with a different transaction. It is difficult to conclude on the evidence that
the Singapore defendants intended that their representations in the Tripartite
Agreement and the Transfer Affidavits should reach EFT in June 2008 through to
October 2008 in order for EFT to act upon them. EFT’s cause of action is _not_
for deceit but for unlawful means conspiracy, and EFT has to show that the
false statements were part of concerted acts made pursuant to an agreement or
a combination between two or more persons whose intent was to deceive and
cause loss to EFT.

Issue estoppel as a defence

154 For completeness, I should comment on the Singapore defendants’ issue
estoppel defence. The Singapore defendants’case on issue estoppel on this
defence is confusing. The Singapore defendants pleaded that EFT was estopped
on the basis of _res judicata_ (specifically, issue estoppel) from pursuing a
claim (_viz_ , Mr Lu’s involvement in the Subscription Agreement) as this
matter has already been adjudicated by the Taichung District Court. However,
in their Closing Submissions, the Singapore defendants appeared at points, to
have dropped the issue estoppel argument, instead focusing on the Taiwanese
judgments’ evidential value - they claimed that the Taiwanese judgments (_ie_
, that Mr Lu’s shares were invalid) showed that EFT suffered no loss when it
invested in EIMC. However, at other points, the Singapore defendants referred
to the Taiwanese judgments as “ _res judicata_ ” with reference to the
Taiwanese Supreme Court’s judgment and “judgment[s] in rem and binding [in
Singapore]”.

155 I have already referred to the four Taiwanese judgments in question (see
[13]-[18] above). With regard to foreign judgments (as opposed to locally
obtained judgments), as was the case here, the operation of the doctrines of
_res judicata_ and abuse of process is qualified. A prerequisite is that the
foreign judgment must be recognized within the forum of Singapore for it to
have any effect (see Barnett, Peter, _Res Judicata, Estoppel, and Foreign
Judgments_ , (Oxford University Press, 2001) at p 24). Further, even if a
foreign judgment is _prima facie_ recognized under the REFJ Act, it is
possible that various common law defences may be established _eg_ , the
foreign judgment may have been procured by fraud, or in breach of natural or
substantial justice; it may be inconsistent with a prior local judgment; or it
may infringe the public policy of the local forum.

156 Notably, the issue that the Taiwanese judgments are recognized and
enforceable in Singapore was not squarely addressed by either party. The
Singapore defendants’ expert witness, Mr Chang, tangentially addressed this
issue when he confirmed that the Taichung District Court’s judgment was not
enforceable, but that the Singapore defendants could nevertheless seek
provisional execution of it in Taiwan. In any case, apart from this equivocal
testimony from Mr Chang, there is no evidence that the Taiwanese judgments are
recognized in Singapore. Accordingly, there is nothing much to the issue
estoppel defence.

Result

157 For the reasons stated, the elements of unlawful means conspiracy have not
been made out against Marinteknik and Priscilla. Accordingly, EFT’s action
against Marinteknik and Priscilla is dismissed with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.19.

[note: 2]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.18 -7.19 & 7.29.

[note: 3]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, p 26.

[note: 4]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, p 32.

[note: 5]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, p 60.

[note: 6]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, pp 61, 64-70.

[note: 7]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, pp 19-20.

[note: 8]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, pp 25-26.

[note: 9]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, p 21.

[note: 10]Transcripts of Evidence dated 13.4.12, p 85 & 87.

[note: 11]EFT’s F&BP filed on 20.10.11, para 4.2.

[note: 12]EFT’s F&BP filed on 20.10.11,para 4.1.

[note: 13]EFT’s F&BP filed on 15.12.11, para 4.4(a).

[note: 14]EFT’s F&BP filed on 15.12.11, para 4.5(a).

[note: 15]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.19.

[note: 16]Qin’s AEIC paras 91-92.

[note: 17]Qin’s AEIC para 94.

[note: 18]Qin’s AEIC para 87.

[note: 19]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 85.

[note: 20]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 29

[note: 21]1AB 257.

[note: 22]1AB 255 and 256.

[note: 23]1AB 317 and 350.

[note: 24]2AB 482.

[note: 25]2AB 483.

[note: 26]2AB 520.

[note: 27]2AB 521.

[note: 28]2AB 524.

[note: 29]Transcripts of Evidence dated 11.4.12,, pp 61-62

[note: 30]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 5.

[note: 31]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 7.

[note: 32]Transcripts of Evidence dated 11.4.12, p18

[note: 33]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 13.

[note: 34]Priscilla’s AEIC paras 35-37 & p237.

[note: 35]Priscilla’s AEIC para 42.

[note: 36]Priscilla’s AEIC para 34 & 44-45.

[note: 37]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 48.

[note: 38]Priscilla’s AEIC, paras 46 & 49.

[note: 39]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 51.

[note: 40]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 54.

[note: 41]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 54.

[note: 42]Priscilla’s AEIC, paras 55-57.

[note: 43]Transcripts of Evidence dated 12.4.12, pp 35-37.

[note: 44]Priscilla’s AEIC para 80.

[note: 45]Priscilla’s AEIC paras 84 & 86.

[note: 46]Priscilla’s AEIC para 92.

[note: 47]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.

[note: 48]Amended Reply, para 14.1.

[note: 49]EFT’s Further Submissions, para 10.

[note: 50]EFT’s Further Submissions, para 17.

[note: 51]Transcripts of Evidence dated 4.4.12, pp 23-24

[note: 52]6AB 2217

[note: 53]6AB 2217

[note: 54]Qin’s AEIC para 94

[note: 55]Amended Statement of Claim para 7.19

[note: 56]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.13(ii).

[note: 57]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.7.

[note: 58]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.16.

[note: 59]Amended Statement of Claim, para 6.

[note: 60]Plaintiffs’ F&BP filed on 20.10.11, para 2.1.

[note: 61]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.8.

[note: 62]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.13(ii)

[note: 63]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.12

[note: 64]Amended Reply, paras 7.3 & 16.

[note: 65]Plaintiffs’ F&BP filed on 15.12.11, para 6.1(a)

[note: 66]Amended Statement of Claim para 7.18

[note: 67]Plaintiffs’ F&BP filed on 20.10.11, para 4.6

[note: 68]F&BP filed 20.10.11, para 4.9

[note: 69]F&BP filed 20.10.11, para 4.7

[note: 70]Amended Defence, para 23.

[note: 71]Amended Statement of Claim, para 7.19

[note: 72]2AB 620

[note: 73]2AB 525, and Transcripts of Evidence dated 11.4.12, pp 61-62.

[note: 74]2AB 620-621.

[note: 75]2AB 519

[note: 76]Transcripts of Evidence dated 10.4.12, pp 46-47

[note: 77]Priscilla’s AEIC, para 70.

[note: 78]Priscilla’s AEIC, paras 73-76.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

