Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as China
Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd) _v_ Teoh Cheng Leong  
[2012] SGHC 2

Case Number| :| Suit No. 877 of 2009/K  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ravi Chelliah and Sally Kiang (M/s Chelliah & Kiang) for
the plaintiff; Arivanantham s/o Krishnan (Ari, Goh & Partners) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as
China Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd) — Teoh Cheng Leong  
  
3 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff, China Taiping Insurance (Singapore) Pte. Ltd (formerly known
as China Insurance Co (Singapore) Pte Ltd) (“the Plaintiff”) has eight heads
of claims against the defendant, Mr Teoh Cheng Leong (“the Defendant”) based
on two main sets of documents, _viz_ , (a) 47 guarantees (referred to
collectively as “the Guarantees”) provided by the Plaintiff to the Controller
of Immigration (“the Controller”) at the request of the respective Companies
(as defined in [4]) and, _inter alia_ , the Defendant; and (b) 47 documents
entitled “Indemnities” (referred to collectively as “the Indemnities”) which
were executed concurrently with the Guarantees by the Defendant.

2 The Plaintiff’s claim totalled up to $449,896.98 and comprised of eight
heads of claims as follows: (i) token wages ($350,423.33), (ii) bond ($500),
(iii) air tickets ($41,330), (iv)meals ($292.50), (v) lodging ($29,641.65),
(vi) mattress ($399), (vii) transport ($10.50) and (viii) administrative fees
($27,300). Counsel for the Defendant confirmed twice during the trial that the
Defendant does not dispute the claims for (ii) the bond, (iii) air tickets,
(iv) meals, (v) lodging and (vi) mattress[note: 1]. The core of the dispute
therefore centred on whether the Plaintiff was justified in claiming for (i)
token wages, (vii) transport and (viii) administrative fees based on the
Guarantees and the Indemnities. The determination of the exact legal nature of
the Guarantees and the Indemnities will therefore be determinative of this
issue.

3 On close examination of both the Guarantees and the Indemnities, I found
that all eight heads of the Plaintiff’s claim as stated in [2] were proved. As
the issues of liability and damages were bifurcated by an order of court dated
20 May 2011, I gave interlocutory judgment for the Plaintiff with damages to
be assessed by the Registrar with costs reserved to the Registrar hearing the
assessment. I now give the grounds of my decision.

Factual Background

4 The factual background is undisputed. The Defendant was the director of six
companies in the SME group of companies (“SME Group”), _viz_ , (a) SME Group
Pte Ltd, (b) RE & RI Logistics Pte Ltd , (c) SME Dorm Pte Ltd, (d) SME
Logistics Pte Ltd, (e) RE & RI Cleaning Services Pte Ltd and (f) SME
Consultancy Pte Ltd (collectively referred to as “the Companies”)[note: 2].
The key person of the SME Group was the Defendant’s father-in-law, Mr Lim Chye
Cheng, but he was not involved in the hearing.

5 The Companies employed, _inter alia_ , 182 foreign workers as work permit
holders. Pursuant to Regulation 21 of the Immigration Regulations (Cap 133,
Regulation 1, 1998 Rev Ed), the Companies were required to provide security
bonds for these foreign workers in the form titled “Security Bond Form for
Foreign Workers” marked “WPCM 013” (“the Security Bonds”)[note: 3]. The
Security Bonds required the Companies, as the employers of the 182 foreign
workers, to place a security deposit of $5,000 per foreign worker (a) to
secure the foreign workers’ compliance with the conditions of the Security
Bond; and (b) to ensure observance of further conditions imposed on the
employers in the Security Bond. The total security deposit for all 182 foreign
workers would amount to $910,000.

6 Instead of placing a cash security deposit of $910,000 with the Controller,
the Defendant had, as stated in the Indemnities, requested the Plaintiff to
provide Guarantees to the Controller whereby under Clause 1 of the Guarantees,
the Plaintiff was to “guarantee and undertake as principal debtors to pay to
[the Controller] at any time forthwith, on demand”[note: 4] the security
deposit originally required under the Security Bond. Thus, the Companies’
requirement to furnish a security deposit of $910,000 with the Controller
under the Security Bond was dispensed with because of the Plaintiff’s
Guarantees to the Controller. The Guarantees dated between 28 November 2007
and 19 December 2008 were for various sums ranging from $5,000 to $85,000.

7 In consideration of the Plaintiff’s Guarantees, the Defendant executed
concurrently (_ie_ , on the same day) the Indemnities[note: 5] to:

unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally, agree and undertake to
indemnify [the Plaintiff] and keep [the Plaintiff] fully and completely
indemnified against all claims, payments, demands, actions, suits,
proceedings, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses whatsoever and however
which may be taken or made against [the Plaintiff] or incurred or become
payable by [the Plaintiff] in any way arising from or in connection with [the
Plaintiff’s] issue of the Bonds.

The Indemnities were similarly dated between 28 November 2007 and 19 December
2008. It is noted that these Indemnities (and the corresponding Guarantees)
have identical terms setting out their obligations and differ only as to the
quantum of the security deposits and the companies involved.

8 During the period between February 2009 and June 2009, the Companies
requested the Plaintiff’s assistance to repatriate the 182 workers to prevent
the forfeiture of the entire security deposit under the Security Bonds by the
Controller. The Companies had breached the conditions of the Security Bonds by
failing in the upkeep and maintenance of the 182 foreign workers (_ie_ , by
failing to provide lodging and meals to these foreign workers), and by failing
to repatriate them. Although it was the Controller who was named in the
Guarantees, parties agreed that it was the Ministry of Manpower (“MOM”) who
was entitled to have the entire $910,000 security deposit for the 182 foreign
workers forfeited. However, instead of an automatic forfeiture of the whole
sum, the Plaintiff was called upon by MOM to assist in resolving the problems
of housing, meals, transport and unpaid wages for the 182 workers and in their
repatriation. In order to mitigate the loss, the Plaintiff agreed to cooperate
with MOM to avoid the forfeiture of the entire $910,000 in security deposits.
The Defendant admitted that he knew that the Plaintiff was carrying out direct
negotiations with MOM[note: 6]. He had attended one meeting with the Plaintiff
and MOM where he was informed “of the steps that the Plaintiff would be
taking, pursuant to [its] discussions with MOM”[note: 7]. The Defendant
admitted that he did help ascertain the “token wages” even if he disputed
whether the “token wages” reflected the true amount of unpaid wages of the
workers[note: 8]. He stated that he helped the Plaintiff because in doing so,
he would also be helping himself by reducing the amount of the claims[note:
9]. The Defendant also signed on some of the payment records of the foreign
workers[note: 10].

9 There was an agreement between MOM and the Plaintiff set out as follows in
an email from Jeanette Har of MOM to the Plaintiff dated 28 February
2009[note: 11]:

This mail is to follow up with our discussions and your companies’ agreement
to pay up to a maximum of $3,000 (inclusive of air-ticket) per worker for the
_insurance guarantees_ issued by your companies in respect of foreign workers
hired by 14 companies. We have given the detailed listing to China Insurance,
and we will be doing so shortly for India Insurance.

2 During the MOM’s discussion with you, we have told you that the eventual
amount paid to the workers will comprise the following components:

(i) salary arrears and overtime, and other statutory claims

(ii) return of $500 of security deposit

(iii) an ex-gratia component (those to be repatriated)

(iv) air-ticket (those to be repatriated)

You have also agreed that should there be incidental cost in respect of the
maintenance of workers from now to their repatriation or their successful
change of employment, your companies would be prepared to chip in to help.

[emphasis added]

Therefore, pursuant to the agreement with MOM, the Plaintiff incurred a total
cost of $449,896.98 through the eight heads of claims as set out in [2] which
it now claims should be repaid by the Defendant under the Indemnities.

The Witnesses

10 Three witnesses gave evidence at trial, _viz_ , (i) Mr Foo Jong Meng, the
Deputy Director of Labour Relations of the MOM (“Foo”); (ii) Ms Lee Ah Teng
Josephine, the Claims Manager for the Plaintiff (“Lee”), giving evidence for
the Plaintiff; and (iii) the Defendant giving evidence for himself.

The Plaintiff’s Submissions

11 The main premise of the Plaintiff’s submission was that the Guarantees were
“on-demand guarantees, _ie_. payable upon demand without requirement of proof
of any default on the part of the Companies or linkage to the Security
Bond”[note: 12]. MOM was therefore entitled to call upon the Security Bonds
and have the Plaintiff disburse the $910,000 security deposit even without a
default of the Security Bonds. The obligations under the Security Bonds were
irrelevant to the liabilities of the Plaintiff and the Defendant under the
Guarantees and Indemnities.

12 In the present case of a clear default of the Security Bonds, MOM had
informed the Plaintiff that it would call upon the Security Bonds if the
Plaintiff did not assist and pay for unpaid salaries, housing, meals,
transportation, air tickets and mattresses. Therefore, the Plaintiff made the
payments and incurred expenses as stated above in [2] in good faith pursuant
to an agreement with MOM in order to mitigate the full extent of loss under
the Guarantee. The Plaintiff had full discretion to compromise any claim or
demand which could be taken against the Plaintiff under Clause 2 of the
Indemnities (“compromise clause”), which states as follows:

2\. [the Plaintiff] may at [the Plaintiff’s] _absolute discretion compromise_
all claims, payments, demands, actions, suits, proceedings, losses,
liabilities, costs and expenses whatsoever and howsoever which may be taken or
made against [the Plaintiff] or incurred or become payable to [the
Plaintiff]_, including but not limited to, making payments to third parties
which [the Plaintiff], in good faith_ , consider[s] to be _necessary or
expedient or desirable_ in order to _reduce [the Plaintiff’s] liabilities
under the Bond and/or [its/the Plaintiff’s] liabilities to the [Controller] or
for any reason whatsoever [the Plaintiff] deem[s] fit_.

[emphasis added]

13 Furthermore, combined with Clause 1 of the Indemnities which states that
“any demands or claims as aforesaid shall as between [the Plaintiff] and [the
Defendant] be conclusive evidence that the sum demanded or claimed is (are)
properly due and payable”, what the Plaintiff had paid under the Guarantees as
stated in [2] represents the full extent of the Defendant’s liabilities to the
Plaintiff under the Indemnities.

The Defendant’s Submissions

14 In essence, the Defendant argued that the Plaintiff can only claim those
heads of claim that are specifically spelled out under the Security Bonds,
_ie_ , bond, air tickets, meals, lodging and mattress. However, token wages,
transport and administrative fees are not covered under the conditions of the
Security Bonds and therefore cannot be claimed under the Indemnities. This is
because the liabilities under the Guarantees and Indemnities are inextricably
linked and necessarily circumscribed by the conditions of the Security Bonds.

Legal Issues

15 There is only one main critical issue in this case – what are the
Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s obligations _vis a vis_ each other under the
Guarantees and Indemnities? The Defendant submits that the liabilities under
the Guarantees and Indemnities are circumscribed by the conditions of the
Security Bonds, while the Plaintiff submits that the conditions of the
Security Bonds are irrelevant. The exact legal nature of the Guarantees and
the Indemnities is therefore determinative of this issue. The legal analysis
will be as follows:

Main Issue 1: What are the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s obligations _vis a vis_
each other under the Guarantees and Indemnities?

(i)

Issue 1 (a): What are the Plaintiff’s obligations under the Guarantees?

(ii)

Issue 1 (b): What are the Defendant’s obligations under the Indemnities?

(iii)

Issue 1 (c): Are the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s obligations circumscribed by
the Security Bonds? Even if so, will the Plaintiff’s claim still succeed under
the Guarantees and Indemnities?

Analysis

Main Issue 1: What are the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s obligations _vis a vis_
each other under the Guarantees and Indemnities?

16 The parties tended to argue legalistically that because a certain document
is an on-demand guarantee, a guarantee or an indemnity, certain obligations
will naturally follow such a labelling of the document. This presumes that the
titling of the document as a “guarantee” becomes determinative of the nature
of obligations within the document itself. However, that is putting the cart
before the horse because whether the document is an on-demand guarantee, a
guarantee or an indemnity depends on the _very nature of the obligations_
undertaken in the documents themselves. The importance of the contractual
construction of the documents to determine their true nature was emphasised by
Lord Diplock in _Moschi v Lep Air Services Ltd_ [1973] AC 331 at 346 and 349:

Whether any particular contractual promise is to be classified as a guarantee
so as to attract all or any of the legal consequences to which I have referred
_depends upon the words in which the parties have expressed the promise. Even
the use of the word “guarantee” is not in itself conclusive._ It is often used
loosely in commercial dealings to mean an ordinary warranty. It is sometimes
used to mis-describe what is in law a contract of indemnity and not of
guarantee. Where the contractual promise can be correctly classified as a
guarantee it is open to the parties expressly to exclude or vary any of their
mutual rights or obligations which would otherwise result from its being
classified as a guarantee. _Every case must depend upon the true construction
of the actual words in which the promise is expressed._

[emphasis added]

Issue 1 (a): What are the Plaintiff’s obligations under the Guarantees?

17 The Plaintiff’s case is that the Guarantees are on-demand guarantees, also
known as demand guarantees, first demand guarantees, performance guarantees or
performance bonds (see Low Kee Yang in _The Law of Guarantees in Singapore and
Malaysia_ (LexisNexis 2nd Ed, 2003) (“ _The Law of Guarantees in Singapore and
Malaysia_ ”) at p 361). The nomenclature of “on-demand guarantees” or
“performance guarantees” may be misleading because these undertakings are not
in actual substance guarantees as the essential collateral nature of a
guarantee is not present. The undertaking in an on-demand guarantee is
unconditional and independent. This was emphasised by the Court of Appeal in
_American Home Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 992 (“
_American Home Assurance”_) at [41]:

Indeed, performance bonds _are not guarantees in the true sense_ , but have
been described as a _particularly stringent form of contract of indemnity by
which a primary liability, wholly independent of any liability which may arise
as between the principal and the creditor_ , falls upon the surety. _The fact
that the obligation to indemnify is primary and independent has the effect
that the principle of co-extensiveness does not apply to contracts of
indemnity._ Thus an indemnity not only effectively shifts the burden of the
principal’s insolvency onto the surety, but also potentially safeguards the
creditor against the possibility that his underlying transaction with the
principal is void or otherwise unenforceable.

[emphasis added]

18 In _Edward Owen Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank International Ltd_ [1978]
QB 159 at 166 (“ _Edward Owen_ ”), an archetype of a performance bond or
performance guarantee was stated as follows “[w]e confirm our guarantee…
_payable on demand without proof or conditions_ ” [emphasis added]. Lord
Denning (_ibid_ at 171) compared a performance guarantee to a letter of credit
and stressed that the performance guarantee must be paid out _according to its
terms_ :

It is not concerned in the least with the relations between the supplier and
the customer; nor with the question whether the supplier has performed his
contracted obligation or not; nor with the question whether the supplier is in
default or not. The bank must pay according to its guarantee, on demand, if so
stipulated, without proof or conditions. The only exception is when there is a
clear fraud of which the bank has notice.

19 It is important also to note the English Court of Appeal judgment in
_Marubeni Hong Kong and South China Ltd v Mongolian Government_ [2005] 1 WLR
2497 (“ _Marubeni_ ”), where it was held that in construing a guarantee given
outside the context of a banking instrument, the absence of language
appropriate to a performance bond or something having similar legal effect
created a strong presumption against the parties’ intention to create a
performance bond. In _Marubeni_ , the material document was found to be a
guarantee instead of a performance bond because the wording of the obligation
under the material document was consistent with a secondary obligation and
_conditional_ upon default by the buyer. The wording (at _Marubeni_ at
[31]-[32]) stated that the obligation only arose if the “amounts payable under
the agreement [are] not paid _when the same becomes due_ ” [emphasis added]
and this is reinforced by the following pledge of “the full and timely
performance and observance by the buyer of all the terms and conditions of the
agreement”.

20 It was stressed by the Court of Appeal in _American Home Assurance_ at [49]
that the terms of the document need to be construed in light of the parties’
intentions, especially the commercial objectives of the documents executed. As
the Court of Appeal stated (_ibid_ at [49]), the clear commercial objective of
the performance bond in _American Home Assurance_ was to provide the
respondent with “recourse to a ready source of funds” in the event of
unsatisfactory or non-performance of the shipyard’s obligations. Therefore
what was required was “for a third party to issue performance bonds which
would enable the respondent to obtain payment _irrespective_ of the position
between them and the shipyard” [emphasis added]. As stated pithily in _The Law
of Guarantees in Singapore and Malaysia_ at p 361 in the context of
performance bonds, “[t]he commercial intention is simple enough – to secure a
third party payment obligation that is as good as cash”.

21 The terms of the Guarantees provided by the Plaintiff and addressed to the
Controller are set out below:

Whereas [insert name of one of the Companies]… (hereinafter called “the
Employer”) by a Bond (hereinafter called “the Security Bond”) dated … made
under Regulation 21 of the Immigration Regulations, undertake[s] to ensure
that the Visit Pass Holder whose particulars appear in the schedule to the
Security bond [_sic_] shall comply with all the conditions on which Visit Pass
was granted and which are set forth in the Security Bond and to observe
further conditions imposed on himself in the Security Bond.

And whereas the Employer is required to deposit a sum of dollars… to [the
Controller] as security under the Security Bond.

And whereas, at [the Plaintiff’s] request, [the Controller has] agreed to
accept this guarantee in lieu of the said sum of … in cash, upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter set forth.

1\. Now, we **CHINA INSURANCE CO. (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD.** [_ie_. the Plaintiff]
Having our registered office at … in consideration of [the Controller] having
agreed, at [the Plaintiff’s] request, not to insist on a cash deposit from the
Employer as security under the Security Bond, hereby _guarantee and undertake
as principal debtors to pay [the Controller] at any time forthwith, on demand_
any sum or sums not exceeding in total the said sum of …

2\. On receiving from [the Plaintiff] any sums under Clause 1, [the
Controller] will be entitled to hold and use them as if they were the security
deposit paid to [the Controller] under the Security Bond.

3\. [The Plaintiff] shall not be discharged or released from this guarantee by
an alteration in the Employer[’s] obligations and liabilities under the
Security Bond without [the Plaintiff’s] consent or by any forbearance shown
towards him [_ie_. the Employer] thereunder.

4\. All requests for payment under Clause 1 shall be in writing and shall be
made to us on or before …

[bold in original, emphasis added]

22 Undoubtedly as stated in [6] above, the commercial purpose of the
Guarantees was to provide the Controller or MOM with a third party payment
obligation from the Plaintiff that was as good as the cash that would have
been held otherwise by the Controller or MOM as the cash security deposit.
Each of the Guarantees is in reality an on-demand performance bond that is
similar in nature to a promissory note. Clause 1 under the Guarantee makes it
clear that the Plaintiff will pay the Controller the cash security deposit
contracted for “on demand” without any conditions, and thus the obligation to
pay was not contingent on the Companies (or for that matter the Visit Pass
Holders) having breached any of the conditions under the Security Bonds.
Although the term “guarantee” was used in the Guarantees, it was clear that
the Plaintiff was not undertaking to perform only upon the default of the
Companies but as a “principal debtor” with a primary liability. There was no
need for an actual default by the Companies under the Security Bonds. The only
condition was that under Clause 4 where the demand has to be made in “writing”
but such a condition is not truly a condition and should be treated only as a
procedural matter (see Court of Appeal in _Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and
others v Attorney-general_ [1995] 2 SLR(R) 262 at [24] (“ _Bocotra_ ”)). Thus,
the obligations under the Guarantees were unconditional on-demand bonds that
were in substance similar to the performance bonds in _Edward Owen_ and
_American Home Assurance._

23 It should be further noted that with Clause 3 as stated in [21], the
obligations under the so called Guarantees to MOM are no longer characteristic
of what is normally expected of guarantees, where guarantors are usually
discharged from their obligations under the guarantee if the obligations of
the principal guaranteed by the guarantor are varied or altered.

24 In the Defendant’s submissions, he did not address the legal nature of the
Guarantees, _ie_ , whether it was only a guarantee or an on-demand guarantee.
The Plaintiff noted that the Defendant did not question the meaning and intent
of the Guarantees to the Plaintiff. Counsel for the Defendant confirmed during
the re-examination of Lee that he did not cross-examine Lee on Clause 1 of the
Guarantees at all[note: 13]. The Defendant’s point simply is that the
Guarantees refer to the Security Bonds and therefore are circumscribed by the
conditions under the Security Bonds. In _Bocotra_ at [7], the bank was
obligated to pay the respondent “forthwith on demand any sums not exceeding
in… upon receipt of any written notice”. The Appellants in _Bocotra_ , similar
to the Defendant in this case, tried to argue that a separate contract
qualified the right of the respondent to pay a demand on the performance bond
because the recital in the performance bond made _reference_ to a separate
contract as follows:

[W]hereas by cl 9 of the conditions of contract, the contractor must provide a
bank guarantee for a sum equal to 10 per cent (10%) of the contract sum, for
the due performance of the contract.

25 The Court of Appeal in _Bocotra_ held at [22] that there was no
“incorporation” clause in the performance bond and that the:

logic of the appellants’ submissions is somewhat baffling, as it amounts to
asserting that simply because the [performance bond] referred to cl 9, the
terms of the entire contract were thereby incorporated “by reference” into the
guarantee. We are quite unable to see how the passing reference to cl 9 in the
recital could support the appellants’ arguments that the contract itself had
qualified the right of the respondent to make a demand on the guarantee.

26 The Court of Appeal’s reasoning in _Bocotra_ is equally apposite here. As
seen in [21] above, while the recital of the Guarantees made references to the
conditions under the Security Bonds, these conditions were clearly not
incorporated into the operative clauses in the Guarantees to qualify the
Controller’s right to make a demand on the Plaintiff. I therefore found that
on a construction of the Guarantees, they were on-demand performance bonds and
the Plaintiff’s liabilities under the Guarantees were independent and not
circumscribed by the conditions in the Security Bonds. The full implications
of this will be examined further under Issue 1 (c).

Issue 1 (b): What are the Defendant’s obligations under the Indemnities?

27 The Plaintiff stated that the Indemnities were in substance indemnities and
not guarantees as claimed by the Defendant. I noted that when the Defendant
was cross-examined about the importance of being a guarantor instead of an
indemnifier under the Indemnities, he admitted that he was “not able to
tell”[note: 14]. When used in its widest sense, a contract of indemnity can
include a contract of guarantee – however, the distinction between the two is
crucial in three main aspects, _viz_ , (i) the guarantor’s liability is co-
extensive with the principal but an indemnifier is not affected even if the
principal contract is void or unenforceable, (ii) the guarantee must be
evidenced in writing (see s 4 of the Statute of Frauds 1677 (c 3) (UK) and s 6
of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) but an indemnity need not be, and
(iii) a guarantor will be discharged from liability in certain circumstances
that an indemnifier will not.

28 The main difference between a guarantee and indemnity is that the
obligation of a guarantor under a guarantee is always subsidiary to the
obligation of the principal debtor, who remains primarily liable to the
creditor. However, the contract of indemnity is “a contract by one party to
keep the other harmless against loss”, which is an obligation of primary
liability and is independent of the liability of the principal debtor (see
_Yeoman Credit Ltd v Latter_ [1961] 1 WLR 828 at 830-831). The High Court in
_S Y Technology Inc v Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 756 at [23]
cited the English Court of Appeal decision in _Argo Caribbean Group Ltd v
Lewis_ [1976] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 289 for one significant aspect with regards to an
indemnity, which is as follows:

… there are, therefore, three parties to a guarantee, the creditor, the debtor
and the guarantor, who promises to answer for “the debt, default or
miscarriage of another”, _whereas there are only two parties to an indemnity
and if it is a promise to indemnify a debtor it is owed to the debtor only,
and not because he has failed to perform his obligation, but because he has
performed it._

[emphasis added]

This is significant in construing the Indemnities because the Indemnities were
clearly only between two parties – the Plaintiff and the Defendant. Although
at the portion of the signature in the Indemnities, the Defendant is stated as
“Guarantor”, it is clear that the main language of the obligations shows that
the Defendant’s liabilities were that of an indemnifier and not a guarantor.
The Defendant could not reasonably be construed as a guarantor because there
was no principal liability which his liabilities could be ancillary to. The
Defendant was not guaranteeing performance of a third party; the Defendant was
promising to indemnify the Plaintiff against any payments incurred by the
Plaintiff “arising from or in connection with [the Plaintiff’s] issue of the
Bonds”.

29 Such a primary liability to indemnify is encapsulated in the main
obligation of the Defendant towards the Plaintiff, which is stated as follows
in the Indemnities, where the Defendant together with some other persons:

unconditionally and irrevocably, jointly and severally, agree and undertake to
_indemnify [the Plaintiff] and keep [the Plaintiff] fully and completely
indemnified against all claims, payments, demands, actions, suits,
proceedings, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses whatsoever_ and _however_
which may be taken or made against [the Plaintiff] or _incurred or become
payable by [the Plaintiff] in any way arising from or in connection with [the
Plaintiff’s] issue of the Bonds_.

[emphasis added]

30 The Indemnities were given “in consideration of [the Plaintiff] agreeing at
my/our request [_ie._ the Defendant’s request] and the request of [insert name
of one of the Companies] to issue a Security Bond No. … (hereinafter called
“the Bond”), in favour of the Controller of Immigration (hereinafter called
“the Beneficiary”) for the sums of Singapore…”. Therefore, considering the
commercial circumstances, what is stated as “with [the Plaintiff’s] issue of
the Bonds” under the Indemnities must be reasonably construed to be the
Guarantees that the Plaintiff gave to the Controller in lieu of the cash
security deposits required under the Security Bonds. These Guarantees were
executed concurrently with the Indemnities and it was common ground between
the parties that the Indemnities were executed by the Defendant in
consideration of the Plaintiff executing the Guarantees[note: 15]. This is as
described in Geraldine Andrews & Richard Mille _r_ , _Law of Guarantees_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 2008) at p 590 in which as a “condition of giving a
performance bond, the bank or surety company will invariably require a
_counter-indemnity_ from the person whose performance it secures.”

31 If that is so, and given the absolute discretion conferred on the Plaintiff
to compromise in good faith all claims and demands as encapsulated in the
compromise clause (see Clause 2 of the Indemnities at [12] above), the
Plaintiff is clearly entitled to be indemnified by the Defendant under the
Indemnities against “whatsoever” and “howsoever” amounts that the Plaintiff
had paid out to the Controller pursuant to the demands made by the Controller
under the Guarantees. The Defendant himself admitted that the Plaintiff had
the right to compromise before or after a call on the bond is made[note: 16].
He also admitted that the Plaintiff had not done anything which was wrong,
unnecessary or inexpedient in their efforts to reduce the total amount that
could be called by the Controller.[note: 17]. I have found no evidence of any
bad faith on the part of the Plaintiff when it exercised its discretion to
compromise with the Controller and pay out the agreed sums to avoid having the
Controller call on the full amounts under the various Guarantees.

Issue 1 (c): Are the Plaintiff’s and Defendant’s obligations circumscribed by
the Security Bonds? Even if so, will the Plaintiff’s claim still succeed under
the Guarantees and Indemnities?

32 Following the analysis of Issues 1(a) and 1(b), the Plaintiff’s and
Defendant’s obligations under the Guarantees and Indemnities are not
circumscribed by the Security Bonds. Whether or not there has been a breach
the conditions of the Security Bonds is irrelevant to the Plaintiff’s and
Defendant’s obligations. As long as there is a demand under the Guarantees,
the Plaintiff is obliged to pay whatever amount the Controller or MOM wants
the Plaintiff to furnish up to a maximum of $910,000; and under the
Indemnities, the Defendant is liable to indemnify the Plaintiff for whatsoever
payment has been incurred by the Plaintiff under the Guarantees. The Defendant
himself rightly admitted during cross-examination that he is liable to
indemnify the Plaintiff even if the Plaintiff exercised its right to
compromise what is required to be paid under the Guarantee:

Q:So instead of paying $910,000 if [the Plaintiff] can attempt to lower the
sum, that would be acceptable, you have agreed that they can do so?

A:Yes.

Q:Right? And if they do so, you will pay? You will still indemnify them?

A:Yes[note: 18].

33 Even if the Guarantees and Indemnities were indeed circumscribed by the
conditions under the Security Bonds, I would still have found for the
Plaintiff for all eight heads of its claim. Under the Security Bond, any sum
“to the extent of the sum deposited” under the Security Bond can be forfeited
in the event that any of the conditions of the Security Bond is breached. The
Controller or MOM can thus call for and forfeit any amount it wants up to a
maximum of $910,000. This is accepted by the Counsel for the Defendant[note:
19]:

Court: Part of it. They need not call $5,000 [per bond per worker], they can
call $3,000.

[Counsel for the Defendant]: That’s the question I posed to him –

Court: He did say he can call any amount he wants.

[Counsel for the Defendant]: He had that liberty.

Court: And then [the Plaintiff] would have no choice but to pay it.

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yes.

Court _: If he had not used the term “token wages” and instead it’s
characterised as a part-call, the whole amount of $449,000 is a part-call on
the whole bond, nobody has anything to say. We don’t need the trial here._

[Counsel for the Defendant]: _Yes. There’s one practical difficulty._

Court: What practical difficulty?

[Counsel for the Defendant]: I asked [Foo] earlier, where does the $5,000 go
to or whatever amount is forfeited.

Court: He can forfeit the whole $5,000 and after that the balance can go to
the [consolidated] fund.

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yes.

Court: But as far as the insurance company is concerned, it will just have to
pay out $449,000.

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yes, except according to his evidence, the full
sum must go to the consolidated fund, and the only provision that has been
made in law, somehow, is for certain sums to be paid out of consolidated fund
only for one item, which is airfare. Otherwise you can’t touch that money, it
becomes government reserves to be invested by GIC.

Court: So the effect here is that the workers get paid, the [consolidated]
fund didn’t get any money.

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yes.

Court: _Does it make any difference to the liabilities being discharged by the
insurance company?_

[Counsel for the Defendant]: _That itself, I don’t think so, sir._

Court: No difference, right?

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yeah.

Court: If MOM calls for the bond for – because MOM can call up to $900,000,
MOM call $449,000 – let’s not break the number into how many bonds there were
– if you don’t pay, I call $449,000, full stop. Just pay. Nobody is going to
say anything. _They are entitled to call $449,000 because you did breach the
bond._

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yes.

Court: You may dispute about the token wage, but effectively you have breached
the bond on those items that the bond is very clear about. Who can say
anything?

[Counsel for the Defendant]: Yes.

[emphasis added]

34 The Defendant therefore conceded that if the Controller had called for the
forfeiture of the entire security deposit of $910,000 for all 182 workers
(based on the security deposit required of $5,000 per worker) and the
Plaintiff _had not compromised_ but had paid out $910,000 on the Guarantees,
the Defendant would nevertheless still be liable to indemnify the Plaintiff
for the amount paid out of $910,000. However according to the Defendant, the
Plaintiff in exercising its right to compromise, exceeded its powers by paying
for token wages, transport and administrative fees that were not spelt out as
conditions in the Security Bonds. This reasoning of the Defendant is strange
since firstly, the Plaintiff’s right to compromise is at the Plaintiff’s
“absolute discretion” in Clause 2 of the Indemnities as long as it is
exercised in “good faith” and is “necessary or expedient or desirable”.
Secondly, the conditions of the Security Bond itself do not limit the extent
of forfeiture in respect of each breach – as long as there is _one_ breach of
the conditions of the Security Bond, the Controller is entitled to claim a
forfeiture up to the _full_ amount of the security deposit. There is no such
restrictive clause in the Guarantees, Indemnities or Security Bonds that the
Controller is entitled to demand and Plaintiff is entitled to pay an amount
only to the extent of each breach of the conditions. As the Defendant
rightfully conceded above, if the Controller had just asked for a part call of
$449,000 without breaking down its claim, the Defendant cannot even begin an
action to ask the Plaintiff to justify what it has paid out under the
Guarantees. Quite significantly, the Defendant admitted that part of the
Plaintiff’s right to compromise under the Indemnities included “paying for
wages if it resulted in [the Defendant] paying less than $910,000”[note: 20],
and with that, the Defendant had practically admitted the rightfulness of the
Plaintiff’s claim.

35 It was highlighted at trial that the present format (which was not relevant
to this case) of the Security Bond required by MOM, which was updated on 1
January 2010, states explicitly that it is a condition of the employer to pay
outstanding salaries to the workers before repatriation[note: 21]. As stated
by Foo, MOM’s position for the previous version (relevant to this case) of the
Security Bond before the update was that if an employer’s _only_ failing was
in not paying the salaries of the workers, this would not be a breach of the
Security Bond and would not be sufficient in itself for MOM to call for a
forfeiture of the security deposit[note: 22]. Even if it is accepted that an
employer’s obligation to pay the salaries of the foreign workers is not a
condition of the Security Bond, this however is not such a hypothetical case.
It is common ground that the Defendant did breach the obligations for the
“upkeep and maintenance” and “repatriation”[note: 23] of the 182 foreign
workers, which were conditions of the Security Bonds as set out below:

i) That during their stay in Singapore, we shall be responsible for their
_upkeep and maintenance_ and for _the cost of their eventual repatriation_ ,
and if any of them should die while in Singapore, for the cost of burial or
cremation or the return of the body to the country of nationality;

[emphasis added]

36 Therefore, if “token wages” need to come within one of the conditions of
the Security Bonds, I would find that the payment of the “token wages” would
fall under the “cost of their eventual repatriation”. Foo stated that “[n]o
worker would agree to be repatriated if he or she is still owed wages”[note:
24]. Thus payment of the “token wages” is necessary to facilitate the eventual
repatriation. Foo testified very clearly that MOM would have forfeited the
Security Bonds for the full amount of $5,000 for each foreign worker if the
Plaintiff had not agreed to assist in paying the outstanding wages and
repatriating the workers[note: 25]. The Plaintiff’s payments under the heads
of “token wages” and “transport” were clearly part of the package deal worked
out between the Plaintiff and MOM for the successful repatriation of the
foreign workers in order to avoid forfeiting the entire $910,000 under the
Security Bonds.

37 Even if the primary liability of the Defendant to indemnify under the
Indemnities is related to the Security Bonds, as espoused in the words
“incurred or become payable by [the Plaintiff] in any way arising from or in
connection with [the Plaintiff’s] issue of _the Bonds_ ” (emphasis added) (see
[7] and [29] above), with the Bonds referring to the conditions of the
Security Bonds instead of the Plaintiff’s obligations under the Guarantees,
this obligation to indemnify, having regard to the ambit of the phrase “in any
way arising from or in connection with”, has been drafted very widely. I would
consider all eight heads of the Plaintiff’s claims as payments “arising from
or in connection with” the breach of the “upkeep and maintenance” and
“repatriation” conditions of the Security Bonds. The head of “administrative
fees” clearly arose from the breach of the Security Bonds, being part of the
actual expenses the Plaintiff incurred to negotiate with and ensure the
successful repatriation of the 182 foreign workers. However, only the items of
“administrative fees” that constituted _actual_ administrative expenses
incurred should be allowed, _eg_ , actual overtime payments additionally paid
to the Plaintiff’s salaried employees to process the repatriation and the
various claims on unpaid wages by the 182 work permit holders on an urgent
basis, but not “notional administrative expenses” based on the imputed time
costs or hourly rates in normally processing the claims for which fixed
salaries have to be paid by the Plaintiff to these salaried employees anyway.
Even on the Defendant’s case that the Defendant’s obligation to indemnify
under the Indemnities is circumscribed by the conditions of the Security
Bonds, I would still have allowed the Plaintiff’s claim.

38 On the Defendant’s evidential point that the Plaintiff failed to prove its
case because it failed to prove the relevant Security Bonds, I found that this
was irrelevant since the main analysis from Issues 1(a) and 1(b) showed that
the Security Bonds were immaterial to the Plaintiff’s case. Also, it must be
recognised that the sample of the Security Bond provided in the Plaintiff’s
Core Bundle of Documents is a statutorily provided template; there is no
suggestion that the relevant Security Bonds differed from the statutory norm.
Furthermore, counsel for the Defendant confirmed at the start of the trial
that the Defendant was not disputing the authenticity of the documents in the
Plaintiff’s Core Bundle, which included a sample of the Security Bond, but
reserved the right to cross-examine on the contents of the same[note: 26].
Counsel for the Defendant did not object to the use or the relevance of this
sample of the Security Bond during the trial, and he even used it as the basis
of his cross-examination. The Defendant himself referred to the same sample of
the Security Bond in his affidavit and treated the conditions stated therein
as being identical to those in the Security Bonds granted by the Companies to
the Controller. In fact, MOM’s entitlement to call for any sum up to the
maximum of $910,000 of the security deposit under the Security Bonds was
accepted by both parties. It was also not disputed between the parties that
the Defendant had clearly breached the “upkeeping and maintenance” and
“repatriation” conditions of the Security Bonds, which were based on the
sample provided. Therefore, even if the conditions of the Security Bonds were
material, I would have found that the Plaintiff proved its case.

Conclusion

39 The commercial circumstances of an insurer like the Plaintiff giving a
performance bond to the Controller in exchange for the dispensation of the
Companies’ obligation to provide cash security deposits under the Security
Bonds appears to be a relatively common situation in Singapore. The insurer
protects itself from any loss that may arise from the issuing of such a
performance bond to the Controller by ensuring that the directors of the
companies concerned concurrently execute an indemnity to indemnify the insurer
against the payments that the insurer will have to pay out in the event the
Controller calls on the performance bond.

40 The Defendant admitted that he understood that as a director of the
Companies, he was required to execute the Indemnities to the Plaintiff for the
Guarantees for the Security Bonds and that he was “guaranteeing the due
performance of these [C]ompanies of their obligations under the Security
Bonds”[note: 27]. He “did not have any issues with this, as the business of
the SME Group appeared to [him], to be thriving” and he “therefore signed
these [Indemnities], without raising any issues or reservations”[note: 28].
The Defendant may have signed the Indemnities under the belief that the
management of the SME Group was secure under his father-in-law and therefore
there was little risk of him ever having to indemnify the Plaintiff. However,
the Defendant cannot escape from the legal consequences of the Indemnities
which he had signed and it was clear from the cross-examination that he
understood that the obligation he personally undertook was a heavy and wide-
ranging one. This is a clear instance of directors of companies needing to be
careful of and to comprehend the full extent of their liabilities when they
undertake obligations as an indemnifier. This is especially so when the
Defendant had taken legal responsibility for the due performance of these
Companies when he was not involved with the management of the Companies.

41 The Defendant’s proposed interpretation of the relationship between the
Guarantees, Indemnities and Security Bonds is not only impractical but one
that is inconsistent with the very language and commercial purpose of the
documents. The Defendant accepted that if the Plaintiff had not made efforts
to reduce the sum forfeited and instantly paid out the $910,000 on the
Guarantees, he would be liable to reimburse the $910,000. However, in the
event the Plaintiff tries to negotiate and compromise the claim, the Plaintiff
can only compromise the claim within the constraints of the conditions
specified in the Security Bonds itself. Under such a restrictive
interpretation, which is not supported by the documents, an insurer should
perhaps avoid attempting to compromise the claim and instead automatically
allow forfeiture of the full amount – because the risk of compromising the
claim outside its authority falls entirely on the Plaintiff – although it may
have acted in good faith to compromise the claim in a way that mutually
benefits both the Plaintiff and Defendant. As I found at [34] and [37], the
Plaintiff’s right to compromise is an absolute one and even if the right to
compromise is qualified by the conditions of the Security Bonds, the
Indemnities are drafted widely enough to subsume all eight heads of the
Plaintiff’s claim as stated in [2]. Even if I had accepted that the Guarantees
and the Indemnities were circumscribed by the conditions of the Security
Bonds, I found that the eight heads of claim were “arising from or in
connection with” the breach of the “upkeep and maintenance” and “repatriation”
conditions of the Security Bonds and the Plaintiff was entitled to be
indemnified.

42 I therefore gave interlocutory judgment for the Plaintiff with damages to
be assessed by the Registrar with all costs reserved to the Registrar hearing
the assessment.

* * *

[note: 1]See Notes of Evidence for 1st day of trial, 25 July 2011, p 14 and
3rd day of trial, 28 July 2011, p 41-42.

[note: 2]Defendant’s AEIC dated 15 June 2011, [7].

[note: 3]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents, p 154.

[note: 4]An example of the Plaintiff’s Guarantees – see Plaintiff’s Core
Bundle of Documents, p 1.

[note: 5]An example of the Plaintiff’s Indemnities – see Plaintiff’s Core
Bundle of Documents, p 3.

[note: 6]Defendant’s AEIC dated 15 June 2011, [27].

[note: 7]Defendant’s AEIC dated 15 June 2011, [32].

[note: 8]See Notes of Evidence on 3rd day of trial, 28 July 2011, p. 60.

[note: 9]See Notes of Evidence on 3rd day of trial, 28 July 2011, p. 61.

[note: 10]See Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents, pp 37 to 42.

[note: 11]Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents, p 118.

[note: 12]Plaintiff’s Written Submissions filed 22 August 2011, [4.1].

[note: 13]See Notes of Evidence on Day 3 of the Trial, 27 July 2011, p 47.

[note: 14]See Notes of Evidence for day 3, 28 July 2011, p 41.

[note: 15]Defendant’s Affidavit filed 15 June 2011, [13].

[note: 16]See Notes of Evidence, 3rd Day of Trial, 28 July 2011, p 36.

[note: 17]See Notes of Evidence, 3rd Day of Trial, 28 July 2011, p 38.

[note: 18]See Notes of Evidence, Day 3 of the trial, 28 July 2011, p 38.

[note: 19]See Notes of Evidence, Day 2 of the trial, 27 July 2011, pp 58-60.

[note: 20]See Notes of Evidence on 3rd day of trial, 28 July 2011, p 46.

[note: 21]See Plaintiff’s Core Bundle of Documents, p 155.

[note: 22]See Notes of Evidence on 2nd day of trial, 27 July 2011, p 15.

[note: 23]Transcript page 47 line to page 48 line 18 (26 July 2011)

[note: 24]See Notes of Evidence on 2nd day of trial, 27 July 2011, p 39.

[note: 25]See Notes of Evidence on 1st day of trial, 25 July 2011, pp 50-51.

[note: 26]See Notes of Evidence for day 1 of trial, 25 July 2011, p 1.

[note: 27]Defendant’s Affidavit filed 15 June 2011, [13].

[note: 28]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

