Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd _v_ Join-Aim Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGCA 28

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 143 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lawrence Teh, Melvin See and Daniel Tay (Rodyk & Davidson
LLP) for the appellant; Tan Chee Meng SC and Quek Kian Teck (WongPartnership
LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd — Join-Aim Pte Ltd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 3.]

9 May 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an expedited appeal against the decision of the first instance
judge (“the Judge”), ordering that an interim injunction restraining the
Appellant from calling on a performance bond provided by the Respondent, which
was granted on an _ex parte_ basis, was to stand pending arbitration between
the parties. The appeal was expedited because the performance bond was due to
expire on 26 February 2012, before the arbitration between the parties, which
was scheduled for late April 2012. The Judge had ordered the interim
injunction to stand pending arbitration in Originating Summons No 643 of 2011
(“OS 643/2011”) on the basis that the Appellant’s call on the bond was
unconscionable. The Judge’s decision can be found in _Join-Aim Pte Ltd v BS
Mount Sophia Pte Ltd and another_ [2012] SGHC 3 (“the GD”). After hearing the
parties on 7 February 2012, we dismissed the appeal and allowed the injunction
to remain. However, our reasons for so doing differed somewhat from those of
the Judge. We now set out the detailed grounds for our decision.

The background

2 The Appellant was a property developer and the Respondent was a contractor.
Pursuant to a building contract dated 28 February 2008 (“the Contract”), the
Appellant employed the Respondent to construct a residential condominium
development at 95 Sophia Road, Singapore. The contract had a value of
$9,688,800. As required by the Contract, the Respondent provided the Appellant
with a performance bond (“the Bond”) to secure the performance of the
Respondent’s obligations under the Contract. The Bond was for the sum of
$484,440, or 5% of the value of the Contract, and was provided by Liberty
Insurance Pte Ltd (“Liberty”) who was not a party to the present appeal. The
Bond was addressed to the Appellant from Liberty, and the relevant provisions
of the Bond are as follows:[note: 1]

1\. In consideration of you [the Appellant] not insisting on the [Respondent]
paying SINGAPORE DOLLARS FOUR HUNDRED EIGHTY FOUR THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND
FORTY ONLY (S$484,440/-) as a security deposit for the Contract, we [Liberty]
hereby irrevocably and unconditionally undertake[s] ... to pay to you on
demand any sum or sums which from time to time may be demanded by you up to a
maximum aggregate of SINGAPORE DOLLARS FOUR HUNDRED EIGHTY FOUR THOUSAND FOUR
HUNDRED AND FORTY ONLY (S$484,440/-)...

2\. Should you notify us in writing, at any time prior to the expiry of this
Bond, by notice purporting to be signed for and on behalf that you require
payment to be made of the whole or any part of the said sum, we irrevocably
and unconditionally agree to pay the same to you _immediately on demand_
without further reference to the [Respondent] and _notwithstanding any dispute
or difference_ which may have arisen under the Contract _or any instruction
which may be given to us by the [Respondent] not to pay the same._

3\. We hereby confirm and agree that we shall be under no duty or
responsibility to inquire into:

(a) the reason or circumstances of any demand hereunder, or

(b) the respective rights, obligations and/or liabilities of yourselves and
the [Respondent] under the Contract...

[emphasis added]

3 The parties did not dispute that the Bond was in the nature of an on-demand
performance bond (hereafter, all references to “performance bonds” will be to
such bonds, _viz_ , on-demand performance bonds), and we agreed that this was
so based on the true construction of the instrument. As was held by this court
in _JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR 47 (“ _JBE_ ”) at
[17]:

The threshold question for the purposes of ascertaining the nature of the Bond
is whether, on a true construction of that instrument, the Bank was liable to
pay on demand, or only later, upon proof of breach by [the contractor-obligor]
and loss by [the employer-beneficiary]. The construction process looks to the
substance of the parties’ rights and obligations under the Bond; _the label
adopted by the parties is inconclusive_. [emphasis added]

The substance of the parties’ rights and obligations under the Bond was that
Liberty was obliged to pay the Bond sum immediately upon demand by the
Appellant, and was not under a duty to inquire into the circumstances
underlying the demand. In particular, Liberty would not concern itself with
any instruction given by the Respondent to withhold payment on the Bond.
Therefore, the only way the Respondent could restrain a call on the Bond was
to apply to the court for an injunction.

4 The Appellant made a partial call on the Bond for the sum of $360,084.62 on
27 July 2011, and the Respondent applied in OS 643/2011 for an injunction
pending arbitration. Before this application was heard, the Respondent
successfully applied for an _ex parte_ interim injunction by way of Summons No
3360 of 2011 on 2 August 2011, to restrain the Appellant from calling on the
Bond until the hearing of OS 643/2011. On 11 October 2011, OS 643/2011 was
heard _inter partes_ , and on the same day the Judge ordered that the interim
injunction be allowed to stand pending arbitration of certain contractual
disputes between the parties, which order was the subject of the present
appeal.

5 The circumstances surrounding the Appellant’s call on the Bond and the
contractual disputes between the parties related to the time for completion of
the construction works under the Contract (“the works”) and the consequent
alleged liability of the Respondent to pay the Appellant liquidated damages.

6 The framework contained in the Contract for determining the time for
completion was as follows. The Contract provided that the Respondent had to
complete the works by 1 January 2010 (“the contractual completion date”). The
Architect engaged for this project was Ronny Chin & Associates, and it was the
Architect who would determine if the Respondent had completed the works, and
the date the works were completed (“the actual completion date”). The
Architect would then issue a Completion Certificate. The Respondent could be
entitled to extensions of time to complete the works if it sought the
Architect’s approval, and, if the Architect granted such extensions, the
contractual completion date would be modified to take the extensions into
account. Crucially, it was the Architect who determined both the actual
completion date and the grant of any extensions of time.

7 If the actual completion date was later than the contractual completion date
(taking into account periods of extension), then the Architect would issue a
Delay Certificate which would certify that the Respondent was in default. This
Delay Certificate would entitle the Appellant to recover liquidated damages at
the rate of $6,000 from the Respondent for every day of delay.

8 The Appellant called on the Bond on 27 July 2011 because it allegedly
believed that it was entitled to liquidated damages from the Respondent for
delay in the completion of the works allegedly caused by the Respondent.

The proceedings below

9 Before the Judge, the Respondent’s case was that the Appellant’s call on the
Bond was unconscionable because the Appellant called on the Bond despite not
being entitled to any liquidated damages. The Respondent relied on its
interpretation of the events prior to the call on the Bond in support of its
claim. The sequence of events just prior to the Appellant’s 27 July 2011 call
on the Bond, in so far as it was supported by documentary evidence, was as
follows; and, in summary, there were three strands to the sequence which could
be teased out from the longer yarn.

10 The first strand relates to the parties’ dispute on the completion date.
The Architect issued a Delay Certificate[note: 2] dated 4 March 2011 (it
should be noted that the Delay Certificate was only sent by the Architect to
the parties on 24 June 2011)[note: 3] certifying that the Respondent was
entitled to 93 days’ extension time and that the contractual completion date
was to be extended to 4 April 2010. The Delay Certificate further stated that
the Respondent was in default for not having completed the works by 4 April
2010\. The Architect also issued a Completion Certificate dated 4 March
2011[note: 4] certifying that the works had been completed on 27 August 2010.
However, the Respondent disputed the Architect’s findings. In a letter dated
31 March 2011 to the Architect, the Respondent stated that it did not agree
that the works had been completed on 27 August 2010.[note: 5] The Architect
responded by letter on the same day and stated that it maintained that the
works had been completed on 27 August 2010 because the works had only been
cleared by the authorities on that date.[note: 6]

11 The Respondent later made a further request for an extension of time. In a
letter dated 24 May 2011 to the Architect, [note: 7] the Respondent requested
an extension of 298 days, which, if granted, would bring the extended
contractual completion date to 27 August 2010, indicating that the Respondent
would not need to pay liquidated damages. The Architect denied this request,
and replied in a letter dated 22 June 2011[note: 8] that the “revised
completion date shall indicatively be 4th April 2010”.

12 On 15 July 2011, the Respondent referred the dispute on the completion date
and the extension of time to arbitration, pursuant to cl 37(1) of the Contract
which stated, _inter alia_ , that all disputes arising out of the Contract or
relating to the Architect’s directions, instructions and certificates _shall_
be referred to arbitration. There was no response to this from the Appellant,
and on 27 July 2011 the Appellant called on the Bond.

13 The second strand relates to the Respondent’s claim for a progress payment.
On 16 May 2011, the Respondent submitted Progress Claim No 30 (Revision 4) to
the Appellant for the sum of $1,197,669.68. The Respondent maintained that
this sum remains outstanding (see the GD at [20]).[note: 9]

14 The third strand relates to a demand made by the Appellant that the
Respondent extend the validity of the Bond. On 21 June 2011, the Architect
sent the Respondent an “Architect’s Direction” with reference number
AD-40.[note: 10] This document referred to Architect’s Direction AD-38 dated 6
June 2011 and reminded the Respondent that AD-38 required that the Respondent
extend the validity of the Bond to 26 February 2012, failing which the
Appellant would not hesitate to call on the Bond. It should be noted that, as
at 6 June 2011, the Bond was due to expire on 30 November 2011.[note: 11] By a
letter dated 5 July 2011 from the Respondent’s lawyers to the Appellant, the
Respondent stated that it maintained its opposition to the 27 August 2010
completion date and that it was taking steps to extend the validity of the
Bond on a “without prejudice” basis.[note: 12] On 7 July 2011, the validity of
the Bond was extended to 26 February 2012.[note: 13]

15 Relying primarily on the first and second strands of the sequence of events
set out above, the Respondent claimed before the Judge in the proceedings
below that the Appellant was not entitled to any liquidated damages because
the Delay Certificate was not issued in accordance with the Contract and that
any delays were caused by the Appellant or its consultants. The Respondent
also submitted that the call on the Bond was made in bad faith and for a
collateral purpose because it was made in retaliation to the Request for
Arbitration. The Respondent further submitted that it was unfair for the
Appellant to call on the Bond and receive payment when the sum of
$1,197,669.68 under Progress Claim No 30 (Revision 4) remained due and
outstanding.

16 At the hearing of 11 October 201l, the Judge was of the view that the
issues raised by the Respondent in support of its case should be characterised
as “run of the mill construction disputes which were properly the subject of
the arbitration” (see the GD at [29]). The Judge thus did not make any
findings on the above issues and preferred, instead, to base his decision on
an email that had been adduced by counsel for the Respondent at the hearing of
11 October 2011 itself and which was subsequently admitted into evidence. This
email was sent by one Elfren Turiano, an associate of the Architect, and was
addressed to the Respondent, the Appellant, the Project Consultant, the
Quantity Surveyor and the Structural Engineer. The email (“the 4 October 2010
email”) stated:[note: 14]

Monday 4 October 2010

[Subject:] 95 Sophia Road – Completion Cert

...

Dear All,

We are currently preparing the Completion Cert and we came up to finalised
[sic] the date on _July 19th_ as the practical completion date.

Please revert back to us if you have any comment or objections before 8th
October.

Regards,

Elfren Turiano

Architectural Associate

RONNY CHIN ARCHITECTS PTE LTD

...

[emphasis added]

17 Based on the above email, the Judge reasoned as follows. The 4 October 2010
email appeared to demonstrate that the contractual completion date was
backdated from 19 July 2010 to 4 April 2010. As a result of this backdating,
the Respondent was liable for $700,000 in liquidated damages which formed the
basis of the Appellant’s call on the Bond. This backdating was alleged to have
been the result of an understanding between the Architect and the Appellant,
the gist of which was to increase the amount of liquidated damages payable by
the Respondent. If established, this would clearly militate against the _bona
fides_ of the Appellant’s call on the Bond. Therefore the Judge found the 4
October 2010 email to be the most robust peg on which to hang a finding of a
strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability justifying the grant of the
injunction. It seems clear that the Judge was of the view that the evidence
contained in the 4 October 2010 email and the subsequent use of 4 April 2010
as the completion date were sufficient to dispose of the matter before him.

The applicable legal principles

The rationale for unconscionability as a ground for relief

18 It is settled law that unconscionability, as distinct from fraud, is a
ground upon which the court can grant an injunction restraining a beneficiary
of a performance bond from calling on the bond (see, _eg_ , the decisions of
this court in _Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd and others v Attorney-General_
[1995] 2 SLR(R) 262 (“ _Bocotra_ ”) and _JBE_). In so far as the _rationale_
for adopting unconscionability as a relevant ground is concerned, the
following observations by this court in _JBE_ (at [10]–[13]) bear repeating:

10 The Singapore courts’ rationale in applying unconscionability as a separate
and independent ground for restraining a call on a performance bond
(especially one given by the contractor-obligor in a building contract) is
that a performance bond serves a different function from a letter of credit.
The latter performs the role of payment by the obligor for goods shipped to it
by the beneficiary (typically via sea or air from another country), and “has
been the life blood of commerce in international trade for hundreds of years”
(see [_Chartered Electronics Industries Pte Ltd v Development Bank of
Singapore_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 20 (“ _Chartered Electronics_ ”)] at [36]).
Interfering with payment under a letter of credit is tantamount to interfering
with the _primary_ obligation of the obligor to make payment under its
contract with the beneficiary. Hence, payment under a letter of credit should
not be disrupted or restrained by the court in the absence of fraud. In
contrast, a performance bond is merely security for the _secondary_ obligation
of the obligor to pay damages _if_ it breaches its primary contractual
obligations to the beneficiary. A performance bond is not the lifeblood of
commerce, whether generally or in the context of the construction industry
specifically. Thus, a less stringent standard (as compared to the standard
applicable _vis-à-vis_ letters of credit) can justifiably be adopted for
determining whether a call on a performance bond should be restrained. We
should also add that where the wording of a performance bond is ambiguous, the
court would be entitled to interpret the performance bond as being conditioned
upon facts rather than upon documents or upon a mere demand, contrary to the
_dictum_ of Staughton LJ in _IE Contractors Ltd v Lloyds Bank Plc and Rafidain
Bank_ [1990] 2 Lloyd's Rep 496 at 500.

11 Even where a performance bond is expressed to be payable “on first demand
without proof or conditions” (as in _Edward Owen Engineering_ ([[1978] 1 QB
159] at 170)), which, strictly speaking, means the paying bank is
contractually obliged to pay the beneficiary once it makes a call on the
performance bond, there is no reason why fraud (which is often difficult to
prove) should be the sole ground for restraining the beneficiary from
receiving payment. To adopt such a position is to “apply a standard of proof
which will virtually assure the beneficiary [of] ... immediate payment ... and
... does nothing more than to transfer the security from the [paying bank] ...
to the beneficiary” (see _Chartered Electronics_ at [37]). This may in turn
cause undue hardship to the obligor in many cases. For instance, where a call
is made in bad faith, especially a call for payment of a sum well in excess of
the quantum of the beneficiary's actual or potential loss, the beneficiary
will gain more than what it has bargained for. Furthermore, if the amount paid
to the beneficiary pursuant to a call is subsequently proved to be in excess
of the quantum of its actual loss, the obligor runs the risk of being unable
to recover any part of the excess amount should the beneficiary become
insolvent. Yet another relevant consideration is that an excessive or abusive
call can cause unwarranted economic harm to the obligor. This is particularly
relevant in the context of the construction industry, where liquidity is
frequently of the essence to contractors. In this regard, while the sum
stipulated to be paid under a performance bond is usually pegged at only 5% to
10% of the contract price, this typically amounts to one or more progress
payments under a building contract. In very large building contracts, the
deprivation of a whole progress payment might well be fatal to the contractor-
obligor's liquidity. These concerns are by no means fanciful, as evidenced by
the mechanisms evolved by the construction industry to ensure the quick
settlement of disputes relating to progress payments.

12 In [Peter Ellinger & Dora Neo, _The Law and Practice of Documentary Letters
of Credit_ (Hart Publishing, 2010)] (at p 326), the authors argue, in the
context of the construction industry, that where the employer-beneficiary has
sacrificed a stronger position for a weaker one (_eg_ , where it has accepted
a performance bond in substitution for security in the form of a cash deposit,
which is the position in the present case … , it would be justifiable to apply
the autonomy principle to the performance bond and treat it as though it were
a letter of credit. We find it difficult to agree with this argument for
several reasons. First, as a matter of principle, the utilisation of a cash
deposit provided as security for the performance of the contractor-obligor's
obligations under a building contract should be treated no differently from
the making of a call on a performance bond, which is "third-party" security in
that it is always provided by an entity other than the contractor-obligor. It
is true that it will be more difficult (if not impossible) in practice to
restrain the use of a cash deposit than it will be to restrain the (third-
party) paying bank from paying out on a performance bond. But, this will be
the case no matter what test is adopted for restraining a call on a
performance bond. Moreover, the greater ease, in practical terms, of
restraining a call on a performance bond (as compared to restraining the
utilisation of a cash deposit provided as security for contractual
performance) is a factor which the employer-beneficiary must be taken to have
considered and accepted in preferring a performance bond to a cash deposit. In
other words, the employer-beneficiary would have a reason for accepting, as
security for the contractor-obligor's contractual performance, a performance
bond rather than a cash deposit. One reason could be that the contractor-
obligor might have priced its bid for the building contract differently if it
had to provide a cash deposit as security for its performance of the contract.
In our view, the mere fact that the employer-beneficiary agreed to accept a
performance bond in lieu of a cash deposit should not be material in
determining whether a call on a performance bond should be restrained.

13 In our view, the Singapore position on the circumstances in which the court
may restrain a call on a performance bond is justified for the functional and
commercial reasons mentioned earlier (at [10]–[12] above). The juridical basis
for adopting unconscionability as a relevant ground (separate from and
independent of fraud) lies in the equitable nature of the injunction.
Considerations of conscionability are applicable in relation to the use of the
injunction in other areas of the law, and there is no reason why these
considerations should not be applied for the purposes of determining whether a
call on a performance bond should be restrained so as to achieve a fair
balance between the interests of the beneficiary and those of the obligor.

[emphasis in original]

19 The elements of unconscionability are also fairly uncontroversial, and have
been variously stated to include elements of abuse, unfairness and dishonesty
(see, _eg_ , the decision of this court in _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building
Construction Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44 (“ _GHL_ ”) and _Dauphin Offshore
Engineering & Trading Pte Ltd v The Private Office of HRH Sheikh Sultan bin
Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan_ [2000] 1 SLR(R) 117 (“ _Dauphin_ ”) as well as
below at [42]–[45]). We pause to observe, parenthetically, that, although the
unconscionability exception is apparently only firmly established in the
Singapore context, there is a similar scope for the exercise of such an
exception – albeit from a _statutory_ standpoint – in Australia _via_ (in
particular) s 51AA of the Trade Practices Act 1974 (No 51 of 1974) (Aust) (see
now s 20(1) of the Australian Consumer Law (Vol 3, Sch 2 of the Competition
and Consumer Act 2010) (Cth)); and see generally Nelson Enonchong, “The
problem of abusive calls on demand guarantees” [2007] LMCLQ 83 (“ _Enonchong’s
article_ ”) at pp 99–100 and also Nelson Enonchong, _The Independence
Principle of Letters of Credit and Demand Guarantees_ (Oxford University
Press, 2011) (“ _Enonchong’s book_ ”) at paras 7.37–7.49 as well as Thanuja
Rodrigo, “Theoretical justifications for restraining “unconscionable” demands
under on-demand guarantees” (2012) 40 ABLR 5. The position in Malaysia appears
to be in a state of flux (see Poh Chu Chai, _Law of Pledges, Guarantees and
Letters of Credit_ (LexisNexis, 5th Ed, 2003) at pp 933–936 as well as Low Kee
Yang, Eugene Ooi & Elizabeth Wong, “Unconscionable Calls on Performance Bonds:
A Bold New Exception” in ch 21 of _Singapore Academy of Law Conference 2006 –
Developments in Singapore Law between 2001 and 2005_ (Teo Keang Sood gen ed)
(Singapore Academy of Law, 2006) at pp 845–847; though _cf_ _Enonchong’s
article_ at p 100 and _Enonchong’s book_ at paras 7.56–7.58). It is also
noteworthy that the unconscionability exception in Singapore has also been
referred to (and even substantially discussed) in established textbooks by
leading foreign writers (see, _eg_ , Geraldine Mary Andrews QC & Richard
Millett QC, _Law of Guarantees_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 6th Ed, 2011) at paras
16-027–16-028 and _Benjamin’s Sale of Goods_ (M Bridge gen ed) (Sweet &
Maxwell, 8th Ed, 2010) at para 24-033).

The high threshold for establishing unconscionability

20 Of greater significance in the context of the present appeal is the
necessary threshold of unconscionability that has to be established before the
court will exercise its discretion to grant an injunction. Indeed, as we shall
see, it is precisely this threshold that constitutes the key to resolving the
relevant tension that exists, which tension we will address in a moment (see
generally below at [26]–[46]). It is important to note, at the outset, that
the law in this regard is settled. Simply put, the threshold is a high one,
and the burden that the applicant has to discharge is to demonstrate a strong
_prima facie_ case of unconscionability (see, for example, _Dauphin_ at [57]).
The question in this appeal is really a question of defining the contours of
that burden, having regard to the relevant facts.

21 When determining if a strong _prima facie_ case has been made out, the
entire context of the case must be thoroughly considered, and it is only if
the entire context of the case is particularly malodorous that such an
injunction should be granted. We must emphasise that the courts’ discretion to
grant such injunctions must be sparingly exercised and it should not be an
easy thing for an applicant to establish a strong _prima facie_ case.

22 The reason for setting the barrier at such a high level is that the
equitable remedy of the interim prohibitive injunction is a very harsh one. It
restricts the person in whose favour the performance bond was issued (“the
beneficiary”) from doing that which he was entitled by agreement of the
parties to do, and which he in all probability had bargained for during the
negotiations leading up to the contract concerned. In essence, he would be
prevented from enforcing a substantive right which he had contracted for.

23 The availability of unconscionability, as a ground for relief for obligors
of performance bonds from oppressive calls on the bonds by beneficiaries, does
not necessarily make it any easier for such obligors to obtain such relief.
This availability merely signifies the recognition that relief should be
warranted in situations where the facts support a finding of unconscionability
but not necessarily a finding of fraud. Unconscionability is a distinct and
separate ground from fraud, and as stated earlier (at [19]), includes conduct
such as unfairness and abuse that are broader than the conduct that would
constitute fraud. In other words, the availability of unconscionability
acknowledges that conduct exhibited by the beneficiary other than fraud might
be sufficiently reprehensible to justify relief on the part of the obligor.
For example, unfairness is an element of unconscionability, but it would not
make logical sense to say that a beneficiary had thereby acted in such an
egregiously unfair manner as to amount to fraud. This is because the concept
of unfairness admits of other dimensions beyond the fraudulent dimension, and
is assessed on different parameters from those with which we assess fraud. The
most we can say is that such conduct does not necessarily constitute fraud.

24 Hence, the availability of unconscionability as a ground for relief does
not necessarily mean that it would be easier for an obligor of a performance
bond to obtain injunctive relief from an oppressive call on the bond by a
beneficiary. As mentioned earlier, the high threshold for unconscionability is
established law and in this appeal we are merely reinforcing this and
explaining why this is so. The reasons for requiring a high threshold for
unconscionability relate to the need to strike the appropriate balance between
the conflicting positions of the obligor and beneficiary of a performance
bond, which we have termed the “perennial tension”. Tied up in this balance is
the underlying need to preserve the _raison d’être_ of performance bonds –
that they are to provide security for the performance of the obligor’s
obligations – which stems from broader policy reasons. If calls on this
security by the beneficiary are too liberally subject to injunctive relief
from the courts, this security loses its efficacy and the _raison d’être_ of
performance bonds would be eroded or even wholly undermined.

25 Furthermore, the courts should be slow to upset the status quo and disrupt
the allocation of risk which the parties had decided upon for themselves in a
building contract (see, _eg_ , the decisions of this court in _Anwar Siraj and
another v Teo Hee Lai Building Construction Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 394 at
[16] and _Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_ [2000] 3
SLR(R) 198 (“ _Eltraco_ ”) at [30]). The bid price or other terms of the
contract would in all probability have been influenced by the mode of
provision of security, _viz_ , a performance bond as opposed to a cash
deposit. As with all contracts, the parties should abide by the bargain that
they have struck.

The perennial tension

26 As alluded to above, what we term the “perennial tension” characterises the
(at least potential) diametrically opposed relationship between the
beneficiary and the obligor in the context of performance bonds.

27 On the one hand, there is ample reason for allowing injunctive relief for
the obligor on the grounds of unconscionability. Calls made in bad faith on a
performance bond would result in the beneficiary receiving something that he
was not entitled to, and would, instead, damage the liquidity of _the obligor_
who would have to compensate the issuer of the bond. It was in part this
concern that a performance bond could be used as an instrument of oppression
that prompted the development of unconscionability, as distinct from fraud, as
a ground justifying the grant of injunctions restraining a beneficiary of a
performance bond from calling on that bond. Indeed, in the context of the
construction industry, in addition to the observations set out by this court
in _JBE_ (at [11], and which were reproduced above at [18]), the following
observations of this court in _GHL_ (at [24]) may also be usefully noted:

We agree that performance bonds are used frequently in the construction
industry; that they are provided by and to parties who deal at arm’s length;
that the use of performance bonds has resulted in substantial benefits to the
parties and also in savings; that the courts should give effect to the
intention of the parties; and that the law in relation to performance bonds
should be placed on “a clear and unambiguous footing” so that they could be
accepted by parties whether in Singapore or abroad. But, with respect, these
are not the points involved with which we are concerned. We are concerned with
abusive calls on the bonds. It should not be forgotten that a performance bond
can operate as an oppressive instrument, and in the event that a beneficiary
calls on the bond in circumstances, where there is _prima facie_ evidence of
fraud or unconscionability, the court should step in to intervene at the
interlocutory stage until the whole of the circumstances of the case has been
investigated. It should also not be forgotten that a performance bond is
basically a security for the performance of the main contract, and as such we
see no reason, in principle, why it should be so sacrosanct and inviolate as
not to be subject to the court's intervention except on the ground of fraud.
We agree that a beneficiary under a performance bond should be protected as to
the integrity of the security he has in case of non-performance by the party
on whose account the performance bond was issued, but a temporary restraining
order does not prejudice or adversely affect the security; it merely postpones
the realisation of the security until the party concerned is given an
opportunity to prove his case (_per_ Chan Sek Keong J in [_Chartered
Electronics_ _Industries Pte Ltd v Development Bank of Singapore_ [1992] 2
SLR(R) 20] at p 31 of the transcript [see [20]  _supra_ at [37]]).

Two learned commentators have also perceptively observed, in a similar vein,
thus (see Quentin Loh & Tang Hang Wu, “Injunctions restraining calls on
performance bonds – is fraud the only ground in Singapore?” [2000] LMCLQ 348
(at p 353)):

**_In the construction industry, the provision of a performance bond can leave
the principal at the mercy of an unscrupulous beneficiary. In certain cases,
it is not unforeseeable that an abusive call may effectively cripple the
principal financially._** Arbitration or litigation is expensive business.
**_An abusive call may render the principal insolvent or incapable financially
to proceed to arbitration or litigation_** ,_a fortiori_ if the principal’s
directors have executed counter indemnities in their personal capacities and
these have also been called upon by the guarantor. The principal would have to
give up legitimate claims due to the fact that it is financially incapable of
mounting an arbitration or litigation proceedings to recover what is due to
him. **_A tactical call on a performance bond would probably force the
principal either to give up his claim entirely or to settle the claim
unfavourably._** [emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold
italics]

28 It might be thought that since such an injunction is only meant to subsist
until resolution of the substantive issues by a court or arbitral tribunal,
that the harshness of the remedy can be mitigated by its reversibility, should
the merits of the case shift in favour of the beneficiary at the substantive
hearing. In any event, it would appear that the beneficiary is not bereft of a
substantive remedy and, if he has a good claim to relief, he would receive it
eventually. In this respect, Chan Sek Keong J held in the important Singapore
High Court decision of _Chartered Electronics Industries Pte Ltd v Development
Bank of Singapore_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 20, as follows (at [37]):

A temporary restraining order does not affect the security nor the
beneficiary’s rights in it. It merely postpones the realisation of the
security until the plaintiff is given an opportunity to prove his case.

This is probably true of other interim injunctions to restrain calls on
performance bonds, but we should not be so quick to say that the same
reasoning can be applied in its entirety to the context of performance bonds
in the construction industry. Liquidity, or cash flow, is particularly
important to participants in the construction industry, and, as we observed in
_JBE_ at [11] (reproduced above at [18]), the construction industry has
developed several mechanisms to effect the quick resolution of disputes
related to progress payments.

29 Looking at the _other side of the coin_ , so to speak, whilst we noted in
that case that considerations of liquidity were often of crucial significance
to _the obligor_ ; the deprivation of _the beneficiary’s_ right to call on the
performance bond could _equally well_ be very detrimental to its liquidity as
well as detrimental to its prospects pending the resolution of the substantive
dispute.

30 The perennial _tension_ that exists (as set out in the preceding
paragraphs) has been succinctly captured in the following observation in a
leading work (see Peter Ellinger & Dora Neo, _The Law and Practice of
Documentary Letters of Credit_ (Hart Publishing, 2010) (“ _Ellinger & Neo_”)
at pp 325–326):

_… The right message should be communicated: that the courts will not condone
any form of dishonesty or unconscionable behaviour on the part of
beneficiaries._

_On the other hand, much has been said in the courts about the importance of
the principle of autonomy in international commerce. It is vital that
contracting parties in international and national transactions should be able
to rely on the integrity of a bank’s promise to pay upon an independent
guarantee regardless of disputes in the underlying contract._ The argument
that the principle of autonomy is not as important in performance bonds as in
commercial credits might appear an attractive one, but it must be examined
with caution. A counter-argument is that an injunction should not be granted
lightly even in relation to an independent guarantee as this would put the
beneficiary in precisely the position he sought to avoid by asking for an
independent guarantee in the first place – that he can be paid first and talk
later. It should be noted that the beneficiary might sometimes have sacrificed
a stronger position when he agreed to take an independent guarantee. An
example might be in the case of a repayment guarantee or a warranty guarantee
in the construction industry, where the beneficiary might have been entitled
to hold on to the retention money had he not been persuaded to substitute this
for an independent guarantee. When the primary rationale for procuring an
independent guarantee in the beneficiary’s favour is considered, it would seem
that autonomy is equally important in independent guarantees as in commercial
credits, and that _a case can be made for the law to confine exceptions to the
autonomy principle to a narrow limit._

[emphasis added]

31 It is clear from the perceptive observations just quoted in the preceding
paragraph that a _balance_ needs to be struck. Hence, whilst there are
persuasive reasons why, in addition to fraud, unconscionability may, in an
appropriate case, result in the grant by the court concerned of an injunction
restraining a beneficiary of a performance bond from calling on that bond, the
_actual grant_ of such injunctions should be kept within _a very narrow
compass_. In this regard, the following observation by the writers just quoted
is particularly apposite (see _Ellinger & Neo_ at p 325):

The decisions suggesting unconscionability and lack of faith as an exception
to the autonomy principle in cases involving independent guarantees have done
so in the context of an application for an injunction to restrain a claim on
the guarantee. This leaves to _the courts the responsibility_ for assessing
the presence of these factors, a task which, _though uncertain, the courts are
more equipped to perform than the issuer_. [emphasis added]

Critique of the unconscionability exception

32 Prof Enonchong has pointed to a number of possible pitfalls with the
unconscionability exception (see generally _Enonchong’s article_ at pp 104–105
and _Enonchong’s book_ at paras 7.32–7.35) and has therefore concluded that,
notwithstanding the advantages that it brings (see _Enonchong’s article_ at pp
103–104 and _Enonchong’s book_ at paras 7.30–7.31), the English courts ought
_not_ to adopt such an exception. The learned writer has three main arguments.
These arguments are important as, if they are persuasive, the task of the
courts in applying the unconscionability exception would be rendered invidious
at best and impossible at worst.

33 The first argument is that “recognition of the exception may lead to easy
availability of injunctions restraining calls on demand guarantees” and that
there would be a concern “that easy availability of injunctions would destroy
confidence in [performance] bonds as the equivalent of cash in hand and
undermine their utility as the lifeblood of commerce” (see _Enonchong’s
article_ at p 104 and _Enonchong’s book_ at para 7.34). This is a very valid
concern that has already been referred to and which we addressed above at
[23]–[24] (see also below at [37]–[40] in the context of our view that
unconscionability must be _applied in a nuanced manner_). Indeed, the learned
writer proceeds to observe that “[i]t is perhaps for this reason that the
courts in Singapore now appear to be attempting to roll back the ground
covered by the unconscionability exception” (see _Enonchong’s article_ at pp
104–105 and _Enonchong’s book_ at para 7.34). With respect, this _fact_ of a
_limited_ application of the unconscionability exception is itself ambiguous.
The key question is whether or not such limited application has been arrived
at in _a principled manner, having regard to the facts of the case at hand –_
a crucial point to which we shall return below (see [39]–[40]). Reference may
also be made to a recent article, where the learned writer observes, as
follows (see Kelry C F Loi, “Two Decades of Restraining Unconscionable Calls
on Performance Guarantees – From _Royal Design_ to _JBE Properties_ ” (2011)
23 SAcLJ 504 (“ _Loi_ ”) at pp 508–509):

One could conceivably suppose that [the] response [to Prof Enonchong’s
objection] might have been that a performance guarantee (unlike a letter of
credit which comprises the mode of payment of _price_ for goods or services)
is _not_ the lifeblood of commerce as it merely security against damages for
defective performance. In any case, although the recognition of
unconscionability as an _additional_ ground of relief (apart from fraud) means
relief would be more readily available, that is not to say that injunctive
relief would be _easily or readily_ available – not unless unconscionable
behaviour were rampant amongst beneficiaries of performance guarantees and
provable on _strong_ evidence. Furthermore, confidence in, and utility of,
commercial instruments such as performance guarantees cannot possibly be
promoted by habitual judicial enforcement of unconscionable payment demands
made under oppressive circumstances. [emphasis in original]

34 The second argument is that “recognition of the unconscionability exception
may lead to the courts getting involved in disputes arising from the
underlying contract when such disputes should be resolved in separate
proceedings and in accordance with any arbitration or jurisdiction clause in
the underlying contract” (see _Enonchong’s article_ at p 105 and _Enonchong’s
book_ at para 7.35). This possible pitfall was precisely what the Judge
anticipated in the present case and he dealt with it – if we may say so – in a
very appropriate and practical manner (see the GD, especially at [29]). We
must also emphasise the _prima facie_ nature of the inquiry, as elaborated on
below in [40]. In addition, reference may also be made to the article cited in
the preceding paragraph, in which the learned author observes, as follows (see
_Loi_ at pp 510–511):

However formidable this objection [by Prof Enonchong] might originally have
been, it must have lost all traction when Anglo-American law took that first
step upon the slippery slope, many decades ago, when recognising fraud as an
exception to the autonomy principle. Whatever commercial value might be
attached to the autonomy principle, just as the courts will not countenance
the law and the court’s own offices being perverted into instruments of fraud,
the courts will likewise not allow the law or its offices to become
instruments of unconscionable conduct.

In _Enonchong’s book_ , the learned author argues (at para 7.35) that the
whole point of a performance bond is to “provide the beneficiary with payment
pending resolution of disputes” and is therefore “a mechanism of risk
allocation”. This may be true, but as we observed on numerous occasions (see
above at [27]–[29] and below at [39]; see also _JBE_ at [11] and _GHL_ at
[24]), the lack of liquidity can have very drastic consequences on parties in
the construction industry. Therefore, if an unconscionable call on a
performance bond is made pending the resolution of the substantive dispute
between the parties, ostensibly to provide the beneficiary with cash in hand
in the meantime, that call itself might suffice to leave the obligor high and
dry, and cripple its ability to defend itself in the resolution of that
substantive dispute.

35 The third argument is that “unconscionability is an imprecise and vague
ground for relief” and that “[i]f recognized it will inject considerable
uncertainty in [an] area of commercial activity where clarity and certainty
are highly valued”, with the result that “[s]uch uncertainty [would] increase
litigation on the enforceability of demand bonds and deprive them of their
unique quality as the equivalent of cash” (see _Enonchong’s article_ at p 105
and _Enonchong’s book_ at para 7.33). This concern, whilst a valid one, is, in
our view, far too pessimistic. As has already been pointed out above (see
_Ellinger & Neo_ at p 325, and quoted above at [31]), the courts are equipped
to ascertain whether or not there has been unconscionability (though _cf Loi_
at pp 512–514 and 515–516). While it is generally desirable to have crisp
definitions of legal doctrines to guide behaviour, we do not think that relief
for unconscionable conduct should be categorically rejected simply because a
neat and tidy definition of the same is not forthcoming.

36 As will be discussed below (at [41]), broadly speaking, unconscionability
is a label applied to describe unsatisfactory conduct tainted by bad faith. A
precise definition of the concept would not be useful, because the value of
unconscionability is that it can capture a wide range of conduct demonstrating
a lack of _bona fides_. The beneficiary of a performance bond is in a position
of strength in relation to the obligor. From the beneficiary’s point of view,
its position is similar to having cash in hand, since the bank is compelled to
pay the beneficiary upon the beneficiary’s call. But from the obligor’s point
of view, the importance of liquidity to the construction industry and the
spectre of an unexpected call on the performance bond would appear to leave it
in an arguably more uncertain position than if it had given cash up front. Had
the obligor given cash up front, it would be out of pocket, but it would not
be faced with the insecurity of a call on the performance bond by the
beneficiary at an unspecified time. Therefore it is particularly important
that the concept of unconscionability be flexible enough to capture a range of
conduct, all of which share the common undertones of bad faith. The
beneficiary, notwithstanding that he had bargained for the performance bond,
is uniquely placed to inflict economic harm on the obligor if acting in bad
faith.

37 Although unconscionability itself may not carry a precise definition, from
the beneficiary’s point of view, what constitutes unconscionable conduct
should be reasonably apparent. It is probably very difficult to negligently
act in bad faith, especially where positive action is required for a call on a
performance bond. If the beneficiary’s call on the bond is motivated by
improper purposes, or such a call cannot be justified with clear evidence; or
in any other situation where the beneficiary is less than certain about his
entitlement to call on the bond and for what amount, the beneficiary ought to
take a step back and re-examine its entitlement and conduct prior to calling
on the bond. Unfairness is also an element of unconscionability (see below at
[42]–[43]), and the question as to whether or not notice was afforded to the
obligor of his alleged breach before the beneficiary’s call on the bond would
also be a relevant consideration.

38 In any event, Prof Enonchong’s concern that unconscionability is a vague
ground of relief is not an argument for the proposition that unconscionability
_should not_ be a ground of relief. Everything hinges on the manner of its
_application_. As mentioned above (at [33]), the unconscionability exception
must be applied in a principled manner, having regard to all the facts of the
case at hand. This brings us back full circle to the crucial point which we
have already referred to and to which we now turn – that unconscionability
must be _applied in a nuanced manner_ _in order that a balance may be struck
between preventing the abusive calling on performance bonds on the one hand
and the undermining of the very_ raison d’être _of performance bonds on the
other_.

Resolving the tension – the importance of a high threshold for establishing
unconscionability

39 In the final analysis, it is a fact of commercial life that the tide of
liquidity needs to wash both ways, and financial droughts can be equally
detrimental to both the beneficiary and the obligor. Bearing this in mind, and
also the fact that the parties had, by the performance bond, themselves
allocated the burden of risk, we think that the appropriate _balance_ should
be struck in the manner referred to above (at [20]–[22]). Put simply, there
ought to be a high threshold which requires a strong _prima facie_ case of
unconsionability to be established before an injunction would be granted by
the court to restrain a beneficiary of a performance bond from calling on that
bond. As this court observed in _Eltraco_ (at [30]), “[i]t is important that
the courts guard against unnecessarily interfering with contractual
arrangements freely entered into by the parties” as “[t]he parties must abide
by the deal they have struck”. In this regard, we would emphasise, once again,
that _the whole context_ of the case must support such a finding (see also
above at [21]). It was also observed by this court in _Eltraco_ (at [31]) that
“[i]n determining whether a call on a bond is unconscionable, the entire
picture must be viewed, taking into account all the relevant factors”. This is
undoubtedly true, as it is also for most areas of the law; but this present
appeal throws into sharp relief the reasons why this should be so. Simply put,
the nuanced _application_ of unconscionability will enable the court to avoid
using it as a blunt legal instrument that would erode or undermine the very
_raison d’être_ of performance bonds.

40 It is the _prima facie_ nature of the burden that adds thickness to the
thin normativity of the _Eltraco_ statement in the realm of injunctions
restraining calls on performance bonds. It is precisely because the court is
not required to decide on the substantive entitlements of the parties to
enforce their rights and not required to engage in a protracted consideration
of the merits of the case, that it is all the more important that the overall
tenor and entire context of the conduct of the parties support a strong _prima
facie_ case of unconscionability. A _prima facie_ strong piece of evidence
does not make a strong _prima facie_ case, since the court in interlocutory
proceedings is not in a position to determine the reliability and probative
value of that piece of evidence at the point of granting the injunction.
Furthermore, without the benefit of full argument on the merits, the court
would be hard pressed to place the seemingly strong piece of evidence in its
correct location in the overall picture of the case. Therefore, although we
arrived at the same conclusion as the Judge, and were of the opinion that the
injunction should remain, we only came to this decision after considering and
taking into account a far broader set of facts than the Judge had at his
disposal. It is in this respect that, with respect, our reasoning differed
somewhat from that of the Judge’s. The 4 October 2010 email _per se_ , no
matter how robust a peg it was, was not, in our view, sufficient to establish
a finding of unconscionability. It was far more important to read the 4
October 2010 email in the _context_ of the sequence of events at the time as
well as in relation to the exchange of correspondence between the parties in
order to ascertain whether a strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability
existed in the context of the present appeal.

41 What room, if any, then, does this leave for a “smoking gun”, as the 4
October 2010 email was perceived to be in the proceedings below? The answer is
“very little”, and the reason for this lies in the nature of the inquiry into
the _bona fides_ of the beneficiary’s (here, the Appellant’s) call on the
bond. Unconscionability in the context of performance bonds is a conclusion
applied to describe certain types of conduct in certain contexts in the
execution of a contract. It is not a formulaic doctrine with definite elements
and must be distinguished from the _general_ _contract law_ _doctrine_ of
unconscionability, which is concerned with conduct at the time of the
formation of the contract, and which can vitiate consent to a contract on the
grounds that the terms of the contract are unfair and the contract was entered
into in an unfair manner (see also _Enonchong’s article_ at p 97 and
_Enonchong’s book_ at para 7.02 (it is interesting, in this regard to note,
parenthetically, that the same writer has authored the leading text which
deals with, _inter alia_ , the general contract law doctrine of
unconscionability (see Nelson Enonchong, _Duress, Undue Influence and
Unconscionable Dealing_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2006)))). That could be why it is a
concept that has proven impossible to comprehensively define, and previous
case law has instead preferred to indicate the elements of behaviour that
would be caught by the label of unconscionability. Indeed, even the _general
contract law doctrine_ of unconscionability itself is, as the Singapore courts
have observed, in a state of flux, at least in the Commonwealth context (see
the Singapore High Court decision of _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd
v Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 at [72] and the decisions of this court in
_Sandar Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte Ltd (trading as Mount Elizabeth
Hospital) and another_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 at [39]; _Gay Choon Ing v Loh Sze
Ti Terence Peter and another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 332 at [112] and [114];
and _Chua Chian Ya v Music & Movements (S) Pte Ltd (formerly trading as M & M
Music Publishing)_ [2010] 1 SLR 607 at [17] and [24]).

42 Returning to the concept of unconscionability in the context of performance
bonds, Lai Kew Chai J, in the Singapore High Court decision of _Raymond
Construction Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong and another_ [1996] SGHC 136 observed as
follows (at [5]):

The concept of “unconscionability” to me involves unfairness, as distinct from
dishonesty or fraud, or conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in good
faith that a court of conscience would either restrain the party or refuse to
assist the party. Mere breaches of contract by the party in question … would
not by themselves be unconscionable.

43 And, in _Eltraco_ , this court observed thus (at [30]):

The appellants would appear to suggest that based on this opinion, unfairness,
_per se_ , could constitute “unconscionability”. We do not think it
necessarily follows. Lai Kew Chai J said the concept of “unconscionability”
involves unfairness. We agree. That would be so. In every instance of
unconscionability there would be an element of unfairness. But the reverse is
not necessarily true. It does not mean that in every instance where there is
unfairness it would amount to “unconscionability”. That is a factor, an
important factor no doubt in the consideration. [emphasis in original]

44 However, this court was also of the view, in _Dauphin_ , that it would be
impossible to define “unconscionability”, and observed as follows (at [42]):

We do **_not_** think it is **_possible to define_** “unconscionability”
**_other than to give some very broad indications such as_** lack of _bona
fides_. What kind of situation would constitute unconscionability would have
to **_depend on the facts of each case_**. This is a question which the court
has to consider on each occasion where its jurisdiction is invoked. There is
**_no pre-determined categorisation_**. [emphasis in original; emphasis added
in bold italics]

45 As can be seen from the case law, a finding of unconscionability is a
conclusion applied to conduct which the court finds to be so lacking in _bona
fides_ such that an injunction restraining the beneficiary’s substantive
rights is warranted. Sufficient reasons must be given to the court to enable
it to come to such a conclusion, and it is necessary that these reasons are
drawn from a thorough consideration of the relevant facts as viewed in the
entire context of the case, taking into account the parties’ conduct leading
up to the call on the bond. This should not be confused with a consideration
of the merits of the case, for the inquiry here is concerned with breadth
rather than depth and remains a _prima facie_ inquiry. With all that said, we
reiterate that it is very difficult for a single piece of evidence, read
without the benefit of the context surrounding its making, to be definitive
proof of a strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability.

46 At the risk of taking Lord Steyn’s statement in the House of Lords decision
of _Regina (Daly) v Secretary of State for the Home Department_ [2001] 2 AC
532 (at [28]) itself out of context (for he was talking about the intensity of
judicial review in different fact situations), his words nevertheless possess
a universality that still rings true, particularly in relation to the present
appeal: “In law context is everything”.

Our decision

47 Returning to the facts of the present appeal, perhaps the Judge’s reliance
on the 4 October 2010 email could be understood as emblematic of the
unconscionability inherent in the context of the case itself. This context
emerged, in fact, in even sharper relief during the hearing before us (see
[48]–[52] below). All this fortified the Judge’s conclusion, and although we
upheld the Judge’s decision, we were of the view that this conclusion could
and should only have been reached with the benefit of a view of the fuller
picture. In this regard, it would be preferable if the entire context had been
considered in the proceedings below. As mentioned above, the examination is
merely a _prima facie_ one, and a consideration of the disputes between the
parties does not necessitate a substantive determination of them.

48 The most important inquiry in this case ought, in our view, to be centred
on the chronology of events leading up to the Appellant’s call on the Bond.
The focus here is on the _entire_ chronology of events, and no one particular
event necessarily carried more weight than the others. Prior to the
Appellant’s call, there had been no complaints or allegations, whether in
writing or otherwise, of any delay on the part of the Respondent that would
have justified the Appellant’s call on the bond. We found this complete
absence of allegations of delay by the Appellant odd and, indeed, troubling.
It could be taken to suggest that the Appellant did not honestly believe that
there was a delay until the point in time just prior to its call on the Bond.
Put simply, the Appellant’s silence spoke volumes.

49 Going back a little earlier in time, we come to the 4 October 2010 email
relied upon by the Judge at the proceedings below and excerpted above at [16].
This particular email was dated 4 October 2010, and was written by an
associate of the Architect’s and addressed to _inter alia_ , Mr Richard Goh
(“Mr Goh”) of the Respondent. On 5 October 2010, Mr Goh replied, copying his
reply to several of the Appellant’s consultants, stating that the Respondent
was agreeable to the “practical completion date” of 19 July 2010 proposed in
the 4 October 2010 email, on condition that the date proposed was to determine
the maintenance period only; that it was not to be taken as the actual
completion date; and that no liquidated damages would be incurred as a result
of the agreement on the date. Crucially, there was no reply to this 5 October
2010 email from the Appellant or, for that matter, from anyone else. It
appears that the silence from the Architect (or the Architect’s associate) and
the Appellant in response to the Respondent’s conditions could have had the
effect of leading the Respondent to believe that the aforementioned conditions
had been accepted. The Appellant’s silence on this point also seemed to us to
constitute its acquiescence to those conditions. After all, if the Architect
and Appellant disagreed on such an important issue, it would not have been too
much trouble to have emailed a negative reply. However, even if this was not
the case, it is our view that the Appellant’s conduct in this regard had, at
the very least, misled the Respondent.

50 Moving still earlier through time, we come to the events preceding 27
August 2010, which was the date at which the Architect had certified that the
Respondent had completed the works. In relation to this particular point in
time, an issue relating to what was known as “Powergrid unit testing” was
forcefully put forward by counsel for the Respondent, Mr Tan Chee Meng SC (“Mr
Tan”) at the hearing before us. One of the preconditions that had to be
fulfilled before the Architect would certify that the works were complete and
issue a Completion Certificate, was that the electrical portions of the works
had to pass certain tests. In order for the tests to be carried out, the
proper electrical connections and cables were necessary. Mr Tan argued that
there had been indecision as to the necessary power specifications on the part
of the Appellant and its consultants. The approved electrical working load
under the contract was 276kVA, but, following various inspections and
recommendations from the Appellant’s consultants, this was subsequently varied
to 138kVA. As a result of the time taken for this variation, there was a delay
in the installation of the particular electrical cables necessary to carry the
specified electrical load. This in turn led to a delay in the subsequent
testing of the Powergrid unit. Mr Tan submitted that the Respondent had no
control over the circumstances leading up to this delay, and therefore should
not be held liable for it. According to Mr Tan, the correct cables were only
installed in July 2010, and that was why the 19 July 2010 date was mentioned
in the emails of 4 and 5 October 2010. The Respondent’s position was that it
had done all it could do to complete the works sometime in May 2010, and that
the dominant factor causing delay from May to July was this matter relating to
the Powergrid unit testing.

51 Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Lawrence Teh, responded not by seeking to
contradict Mr Tan’s account of the events as set out above, but by arguing
that the Powergrid unit testing issue was a hotly contested one, and that
since it was not clear who was at fault, the court should be slow to base a
decision on this matter. We agree that this court should not make any findings
as to who was right or wrong in this matter, but we were of the view that,
since the events relating to the Powergrid unit testing would undoubtedly have
been known to the Appellant, these events cast a shadow over the Appellant’s
_bona fides_ in so far as its call on the Bond was concerned. The Bond was
provided to secure the Respondent’s performance of obligations under the
Contract, and the Appellant would be entitled to call on the Bond if the
Appellant was of the view that the Respondent was in breach. As the facts
relating to the Powergrid unit testing demonstrate, even on a _prima facie_
basis, there was a serious question to be resolved as to the extent of control
the Appellant exerted over the situation and whether the Respondent was in
breach of its obligations under the Contract, in so far as this particular
issue was concerned.

52 There is one point of clarification that we should make here. The Appellant
called on the Bond because it took the position that the Respondent was in
breach of its obligations under the Contract. Even if the Appellant was
mistaken in adopting this position, the call could still be legitimate if this
position was genuinely adopted and the Appellant honestly believed that the
Respondent was in breach. Had there been a genuine dispute _apropos_ the issue
of the Respondent’s breach, then a call under those circumstances may not have
amounted to a lack of _bona fides_ on the part of the Appellant. However, from
the evidence in this case, it seemed to us that the Appellant did not
genuinely believe that the Respondent was responsible for the delay. In coming
to this conclusion, we are not substituting our view as to whether the
Respondent was in breach for that of the Appellant’s. It is not the court’s
role in such proceedings to appraise the merits of the parties’ decisions;
but, rather, _it is the court’s role to be alive to the lack of_ bona fides
_in those decisions_.

53 Another issue which seemed curious to us ought also to be noted. This
related to what was termed above (at [14]) as the third strand in the sequence
of events just prior to the Appellant’s call on the Bond. As mentioned above,
the Architect sent the Respondent Architect’s Directions AD-40 and AD-38 on or
around 21 June 2011, which required the Respondent to extend the validity of
the Bond, failing which the Appellant would call on the Bond. It did not seem
proper for the Appellant to demand that the Respondent extend the validity of
the Bond, and threaten to call on the Bond in order to enforce this demand. It
seemed even less proper for this instruction to have come by way of an
Architect’s Direction.

Conclusion

54 For the reasons set out above, we were of the view that there was a strong
_prima facie_ case of unconscionability justifying the continuance of the
injunction restraining the Appellant’s call on the Bond pending arbitration.
It bears emphasising that no single factor was conclusive. It was the entire
chronology of the case, viewed in relation to all the relevant factors (set in
their context (see above at [47]–[53])), that convinced us that a strong
_prima facie_ case of unconscionability had been established. We therefore
dismissed the appeal with costs, albeit on different grounds from the Judge’s.
We also ordered that the usual consequential orders should apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle vol II (“2ACB”), p 59.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , p 104.

[note: 3]The Respondent claims that this was so at Respondent’s Case (“RC”),
pp 14–15. The Architect admits to this in his affidavit reproduced in 2ACB, p
116.

[note: 4]2ACB, p 105.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , p 77.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ , p 108.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , p 78.

[note: 8]_Ibid_ , p 79.

[note: 9]RC at p 25.

[note: 10]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle (“RSCB”), p 94.

[note: 11]_Ibid_ , p 92.

[note: 12]_Ibid_ , p 95.

[note: 13]_Ibid_ , p 93.

[note: 14]2ACB, p 17.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

