Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Low Leong Meng _v_ Koh Poh Seng  
[2012] SGHC 1

Case Number| :| District Court Appeal No 31 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Seng Onn J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Simon Jones and Mr Jayagobi Jayaram (Grays LLC) for
the Appellant; Mr Tan Tee Giam (TanLim Partnership) for the Respondent.  
Parties| :|  Low Leong Meng — Koh Poh Seng  
  
3 January 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Seng Onn J:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against an order of costs made by a District Judge in a
defamation action arising from an email sent by the Appellant to two managers
of the parent company of the Respondent’s employer. The District Judge had
ordered that each party was to bear his own costs after dismissing the action.

Background

Parties to the dispute

2 The Appellant was a director and shareholder of Daifuku-Wis Technologies Pte
Ltd (“DWIST”), a Singapore company.[note: 1] DWIST is a joint venture between
the Appellant and Daifuku Mechatronics (S) Pte Ltd (“DMS”), the Singapore
subsidiary of Daifuku Co Ltd (“Daifuku”), a Japanese company.[note: 2]

3 The Respondent was DMS’s deputy general manager. At the time of the trial
below, the Respondent had been promoted to the position of general
manager.[note: 3]

Background to the defamation action

4 The Respondent sued the Appellant for defamation arising from an email in
the Japanese language which the Appellant had sent to two members of Daifuku’s
“top management” on 6 August 2007 (“the Email”).[note: 4] An agreed[note: 5]
English translation of the Email reads as follows:[note: 6]

Attn: Inoue Director and Okuno General Manager

I am sorry for sending you this letter abruptly.

It’s been quite some time since we last met. I am Low, Ex-President of
Singapore DWIST. Do you remember seeing me once in Japan about 2 years ago
regarding the sale of DWIST shares?

About 3 years have passed already since I resigned as President of DWIST, but
the transfer of DWIST shares has not been settled, and I am still in deadlock.

It is because DMS has been unilaterally pressing down the share value. I was
told to keep the share value at zero if I wouldn’t sell to DMS for $0.30 per
share. (In fact, DWIST did not have any sales in 2005. All new jobs orders
were given to IT Wireless, and orders under maintenance contract were given to
sub-contractor of DWIST.)

About 3 years ago, I reported to Shimizu, President of DMS, that [the
Respondent] and Ms Quek, both [of whom] were employees of DMS, seemed to be
intentionally giving DMS’ orders to a company called IT Wireless, and I showed
evidence to him, but was ignored.

Form [_sic_] 2003, the order value from DMS to IT Wireless has increased
continuously, and they achieved quite a large profit. Salaries of Eric Teo and
Sam, both [of whom] are Directors of IT Wireless, have increased sharply to
S$240,000 in 2006. (Their salaries were S$100,000 in around 2002.) (Sales of
DWIST continued to decrease from 2003.)

[The Respondent] and Yong Yong of DMS are originally the founders of IT
Wireless, and it appeared on the surface that all shares were sold to Eric Teo
and Sam in 2001, but they received dividends payouts in around 2003, and in
between 2005 and 2006, Eric Teo and Sam handed over money to [the Respondent]
in several instalments. All these evidences [_sic_] were submitted to the
judge by them as part of discovery process during the law suit against Koh,
Eric Teo and Sam started last year. (Refer to the attached), the judge has
already ruled that [the Respondent] was a Shadow Director of IT Wireless.
There is a need for [the Respondent] to appear in court later to defend about
Eric Teo and daily operation of IT Wireless. Among the evidences [_sic_] that
were gathered, there were payment vouchers for the commission that IT Wireless
paid to Yong Yong of DMS. A company called MobiSoft was set up under the names
of Eric Teo and Sma [_sic_] in 2006, and orders from DMS were transferred to
MobiSoft.

I always believe that Daifuku is not a company that bullies Partner [_sic_].
It is no point talking to Shimizu, Singapore local President. I have been
thinking that there is no other way but to sue [the Respondent] and his lot,
and show the evidences [_sic_] to the head office. I wish that I will receive
fair treatment one way or another. For these 2 and half [_sic_] years, I am
living a difficult life with debts and just a little income, and waiting for
justice.

Looking forward to your kind attention.

DWIST

Ex President

LOW LEONG MENG

5 The Respondent claimed that the following portions of the Email were
defamatory (“the Words”):[note: 7]

…

About 3 years ago, I reported to Shimizu, President of DMS, that [the
Respondent] and Ms Quek, both were employees of DMS, seemed to be
intentionally giving DMS’ orders to a company called IT Wireless, and I showed
evidence to him, but was ignored.

…

[The Respondent] and Yong Yong of DMS are originally the founders of IT
Wireless, and it appeared on the surface that all shares were sold to Eric Teo
and Sam in 2001, but they received dividends payouts in around 2003, and in
between 2005 and 2006, Eric Teo and Sam handed over money to [the Respondent]
in several instalments. … the judge has already ruled that [the Respondent]
was a Shadow Director of IT Wireless. There is a need for [the Respondent] to
appear in court later to defend about Eric Teo and daily operation of IT
Wireless. …

…

6 The Respondent pleaded in his Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) that the
natural and ordinary meaning of the Words meant or were understood to mean the
following:

(a) The Respondent, together with Ms Quek Yong Yong, an employee of DMS, had
abused the power of his position and office at DMS to give business to a
company called IT Wireless Pte Ltd (“IT Wireless”), a competitor of DWIST, for
personal gain and enrichment.

(b) Despite his purported resignation from his position in IT Wireless in
2001, the Respondent had continued to be involved in the business of IT
Wireless. Arising from that relationship, the Respondent received several
secret commissions from IT Wireless for giving it business.

(c) The Respondent had breached his fiduciary duties to DMS.

(d) The Respondent is guilty of dishonourable conduct against DMS.

(e) The Respondent is untrustworthy.

(f) The court had already ruled against the Respondent.

7 The Appellant denied that the Email had any of the meanings set out in the
Respondent’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1) (see [6] above).[note: 8]
Instead, the Appellant claimed that the plain and ordinary or innuendo meaning
of the Words (see above at [5]) was as follows:[note: 9]

(a) The Appellant was a past President of DWIST.

(b) He owned shares in DWIST which he wished to dispose of to DWIST at a fair
and reasonable price.

(c) DMS was the other majority shareholder of DWIST.

(d) A fair and reasonable agreement could not be reached for the sale of the
Appellant’s DWIST shares to DMS because the value of DWIST has been kept
artificially low.

(e) One reason the value of DWIST shares was artificially low was because
business which would otherwise have been booked by DWIST has been procured for
IT Wireless by, _inter alia_ , the Respondent who was and may still be a
shadow director of IT Wireless. The Respondent was and still is also an
employee of DMS. The Appellant then set out the definition of the term “shadow
director” under s 4(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed).

(f) The Appellant averred that the directors of IT Wireless were accustomed to
acting on the Respondent’s instructions after he resigned his directorship of
IT Wireless on 30 June 2011.

(g) The Appellant had provided supporting evidence of the Respondent’s
involvement in IT Wireless to one Shimizu, the President of DMS, in an attempt
to seek his assistance in obtaining a fair and reasonable price for the
Appellant’s shares in DWIST.

The Appellant then pleaded that the above understanding of the Words was true
and therefore justified.[note: 10] He also raised the defence of qualified
privilege.[note: 11]

The District Judge’s first decision

8 The District Judge dismissed the Respondent’s claim (see _Koh_ _Poh Seng v
Low Leong_ _Meng_ [2010] SGDC 256) (“the District Judge’s First Decision”). He
held that the Email was not defamatory.[note: 12] In his view, the substance
of the Email was this (see the District Judge’s First Decision at [21][note:
13]:

I ask for your intervention. The share value of DWIST has come down so that I
can’t get a reasonable price for it. The reason that the share value of DWIST
has come down is because the plaintiff has been giving business that might
have come to DWIST instead to [IT Wireless]. The [Respondent], although he
appeared to have sold his shares in [IT Wireless] in 2001, remains financially
connected to, and have [_sic_] profited from, [IT Wireless]. The [Respondent],
with others, has been sued. The court has ruled that the [Respondent] still
retains influence over [IT Wireless’s] board of directors.

The District Judge did not consider this interpretation of the Email to be
defamatory. He did not think that the Email suggested that the Respondent’s
influence over IT Wireless was such that he had “profited at the expense of,
or in derogation of his fiduciary duties to DMS” (see the District Judge’s
First Decision at [22]).[note: 14] He did not consider that it was defamatory
to call someone a shadow director “unless the context suggested otherwise,
which was not the case here” (see the District Judge’s First Decision at
[23]).[note: 15]

9 The District Judge then ordered that each party was to bear his own costs.
He made this decision without hearing the parties.[note: 16] He reached this
decision because he felt that the Appellant’s efforts at proving the
“irrelevant fact” that the Respondent was a shadow director of IT Wireless (as
part of his defence) took up almost the whole trial (see the District Judge’s
First Decision at [44]).[note: 17]

The first application for leave to appeal

10 The Appellant applied in Originating Summons No 724 of 2010 for leave to
appeal against the following aspects of the District Judge’s First
Decision:[note: 18]

(a) The portions of the District Judge’s First Decision in which he found that
the question of whether the Respondent was a shadow director was an “egregious
exercise in futility” (“Head A”).

(b) The portion of the District Judge’s First Decision where he did not make a
finding on whether the Respondent had succeeded in proving his defence of
qualified privilege at trial (“Head B”).

(c) The portions of the District Judge’s First Decision where he did not make
a finding on whether the Respondent was a shadow director of IT Wireless,
whether the Respondent was paid for the IT Wireless shares that he sold and
whether the Appellant had published the Words maliciously, with a deliberate
intention of injuring the Respondent, knowing or not caring whether it was
true or false out of spite or ill will towards the Respondent as pleaded by
the Respondent in claiming aggravated damages from the Appellant (“Head C”).

(d) The portion of the District Judge’s First Decision where he recorded that
the Appellant’s efforts at proving that the Respondent was a shadow director
took most of the time at trial (“Head D”).

(e) The District Judge’s decision that he would not hear the parties on costs
and that it was fair for each party to bear his own costs (“Head E”).

11 I granted the Appellant leave to appeal on 5 August 2010.[note: 19]

The High Court’s decision on the first appeal

12 The appeal (District Court Appeal No 43 of 2010 (“DCA 43/2010”)) was fixed
before Kan Ting Chiu J.

13 After hearing the parties, Kan J ordered that the matter was to be remitted
to the District Judge to hear submissions from the parties on the question of
costs and thereafter to make orders on costs arising before and in the
trial.[note: 20]

14 I pause here to note that it appears that Kan J’s order only concerned Head
E of the appeal (see [10(e)] above). Kan J did not seem to have made any order
on Heads A to D (see [10(a)]–[10(d)] above). Although Kan J did not provide
written grounds of decision, it appears from the wording of his order that his
concern was that the District Judge had made his order on costs _without
hearing the parties_.

The District Judge’s second decision

15 The District Judge then heard submissions on costs. He reaffirmed his
decision that each party should bear its own costs (see _Koh_ _Poh Seng v Low
Leong_ _Meng_ [2011] SGDC 130) (“the District Judge’s Second Decision”).[note:
21] He reasoned that although his remarks at trial may have suggested that he
considered the issue of whether the Respondent was a shadow director to be
relevant, he was bound to keep an open mind. His views on the meaning of the
Email only crystallised as he reviewed the case for the purpose of making his
decision (see the District Judge’s Second Decision at [17]).[note: 22] The
District Judge was also of the view that he was _functus officio_ in relation
to the substantive issues (see the District Judge’s Second Decision at
[20]).[note: 23] Hence, he believed that he could not revisit his findings, in
particular, his finding that the Email was not defamatory.[note: 24] He
nevertheless proceeded to explain that he saw no reason to disavow his primary
findings (see the District Judge’s Second Decision at [22]).[note: 25]

16 He also held that O 59 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“ROC”) mandated that the costs of the interlocutory applications must,
likewise, be borne by the parties respectively.[note: 26]

17 Finally, he ordered that each party was to bear his own costs in respect of
the further hearing before him (see the District Judge’s Second Decision at
[27]).

The Appellant’s attempts to reinstate the first appeal

18 The Appellant’s solicitors then wrote to the Supreme Court Registry (“the
Registry”) on 26 April 2011 to request for DCA 43/2010 (ie. the first appeal
before Kan J.) to be re-fixed for a hearing.[note: 27] The Registry replied on
29 April 2011 to inform the Appellant that Kan J had directed the parties to
take whatever actions they considered to be appropriate on the basis of the
District Judge’s Second Decision.[note: 28]

19 The Appellant’s solicitors followed up with another letter to the Registry
on 29 April 2011. In this letter, they mentioned, _inter alia_ , that Kan J
had opined that “the appellate principles would apply” if the parties
disagreed with the District Judge’s decision after having been heard on
costs.[note: 29] They also repeated their request for DCA 43/2010 to be re-
fixed for a hearing.[note: 30] The Registry replied on 6 May 2011 to inform
the parties that Kan J had directed that the Registry’s letter dated 29 April
2011 was to stand.[note: 31]

The second application for leave to appeal

20 The Appellant applied in Originating Summons No 428 of 2011 for leave to
appeal against the following aspects of the District Judge’s Second Decision:

(a) The District Judge’s ruling that the Email did not contain a “defamatory
sting” (“Head F”) and his ruling that the Appellant should not get costs for
expending time to prove what the District Judge had ruled to be a “non-
defamatory sting” (“Head G”);

(b) The District Judge’s ruling that he could not infer that the Email alleged
that there was a conflict of interest on the Respondent’s part (“Head H”);

(c) The District Judge’s ruling that the Appellant’s pleaded defence failed to
identify a false innuendo and failed to explain why it should be inferred from
the text (“Head I”);

(d) The District Judge’s reference to a “ _Lucas-Box_ meaning” (“Head J”); and

(e) The District Judge’s ruling that the orders as to costs for the
interlocutory proceedings (that costs were to be in the cause) could not be
taken into consideration in the court’s exercise of discretion in respect of
the costs of the trial (“Head K”).

The Appellant also applied for leave to appeal against the District Judge’s
Second Decision on the ground that all the evidence adduced at trial in
support of the Appellant’s defence of justification was also essential to
prove his alternate defence of qualified privilege (“Head L”). The Appellant
deposed in his affidavit in support of his application for leave that this
argument was raised to the District Judge.[note: 32] The District Judge did
not, however, consider this argument in his judgment.[note: 33]

21 I granted the Appellant leave to appeal on 17 August 2011.[note: 34]

The arguments at the appeal

22 The Appellant argued that the Email was defamatory when it was read in
context because it suggested that the Respondent placed his employer’s
business with IT Wireless of which he was a “shadow director”.[note: 35] He
asserted that he should have been awarded costs even if the Email was not held
to be defamatory for the following reasons. _First_ , the truthfulness of the
statement in the Email that the Respondent was a “shadow director” of IT
Wireless was an issue in the proceedings below. This is apparent from the
District Judge’s suggestions and comments during the trial[note: 36] and the
Respondent’s conduct at trial[note: 37]. _Second_ , in defamation actions,
costs should be awarded based on the success or failure of the defences
advanced as long as the publication was adjudged as being capable of bearing a
defamatory meaning. Otherwise, counsel would have to second-guess the judge’s
decision on whether the publication is defamatory.[note: 38]_Third_ , the
District Judge should have taken into consideration the fact that the parties
had incurred considerable pre-trial costs for which the costs order was costs
in the cause.[note: 39]

23 The Appellant also argued that although costs are in the discretion of the
court, an appellate court may intervene if the discretion has been “manifestly
exercised wrongly or exercised on wrong principles” (citing _Tullio_ _Planeta
v Maoro Andrea G_ [1994] 2 SLR(R) 501[note: 40] (“ _Tullio_ _Planeta_ ”) at
[22]).[note: 41] The District Judge’s exercise of discretion was manifestly
wrong. The Appellant did not waste any time at trial by pursuing the defence
of justification.[note: 42]

24 The Respondent argued that the only portions of the District Judge’s Second
Decision which were of relevance were [24]–[25] where he had set out his
decision to reaffirm his earlier decision that each party was to bear his own
costs.[note: 43] The Respondent asserted that the Appellant has not appealed
against those portions of the District Judge’s Second Decision.[note: 44]

25 The Respondent further argued that this appeal was an abuse of process
because the Appellant is having another bite at the cherry based on a fresh
position that the Email was defamatory.[note: 45] If the Appellant was
dissatisfied with the District Judge’s primary finding that the Email was not
defamatory, he should have appealed against that aspect of his decision in the
First Appeal.[note: 46]

The scope of the appeal

26 The rather complicated procedural history of this matter raises interesting
issues concerning the scope of the present appeal. The Appellant had _five_
heads of appeal in DCA 43/2010 (see [10] above). As I observed earlier (see
[14] above), Kan J’s remission of the matter to the District Judge seemed to
only touch on one of the heads of appeal, _viz_ , Head E. On remission, the
District Judge held that he was _functus officio_ in relation to any
substantive matters but he nevertheless expressed an opinion that his primary
findings were correct (see [15] above). As a result, the present appeal before
me also seemed to raise substantive issues. However, in the decision presently
under appeal, the District Judge was merely expressing an opinion because he
had ruled (correctly, in my view) that he was _functus officio_ as regards his
primary findings. These procedural complications raised two questions in my
mind. First, was it within the scope of the present appeal for me to review
the District Judge’s primary findings? Second, were the _remaining_ heads of
appeal in DCA 43/2010 (_ie_ , Heads A to D) still in issue at the appeal
before me?

27 I do not, however, have to decide these questions because of a development
during the hearing of the appeal. Counsel for the Appellant, Mr Simon Jones,
withdrew his client’s appeal on all substantive issues. In other words, he was
only pursuing his client’s appeal on the District Judge’s affirmation of his
earlier decision that each party was to bear his own costs.

28 This means that the scope of the appeal before me is limited to whether the
District Judge erred in ruling that the Appellant should not get costs (_ie_ ,
Head G). I should at this juncture mention that I do not think that the
Respondent’s contention that the Appellant has not appealed against the
portions of the District Judge’s Second Decision in which he affirmed his
earlier order as to costs (see [24] above) had any merit. I considered that
Head G of the Appellant’s second application for leave to appeal plainly
placed in contention the issue of whether the District Judge had erred in his
order as to costs.

Analysis

The applicable legal principles

29 The Court of Appeal in _Tullio_ _Planeta_ adopted (at [24]) the following
exposition of the principles governing cost orders from the headnote of the
English Court of Appeal’s decision in _Re Elgindata Ltd (No 2)_ [1993] 1 All
ER 232:

... The principles on which costs were to be awarded were (i) that **_costs
were in the discretion of the court_** , (ii) that **_costs should follow the
event except when it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the
case some other order should be made_** , (iii) that the general rule did not
cease to apply simply because the successful party raised issues or made
allegations that failed, but that he could be deprived of his costs in whole
or in part where he had caused a **_significant increase in the length of the
proceedings_** , and (iv) that **_where the successful party raised issues or
made allegations improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive
him of his costs but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the
unsuccessful party's costs_**. The fourth principle implied, moreover, that
**_a successful party who neither improperly nor unreasonably raised issues or
made allegations which failed ought not to be ordered to pay any part of the
unsuccessful party's costs_** ...

[emphasis added in bold italics]

30 The second principle is also found in O 59 r 3(2) of the ROC. The third and
fourth principles set out above are embodied, in a slightly different way, in
O 59 r 6A of the ROC:

(1) In addition to and not in derogation of any other provision in this Order,
where a party has failed to establish any claim or issue which he has raised
in any proceedings, and has thereby **_unnecessarily or unreasonably_**
protracted, or added to the costs or complexity of those proceedings, the
Court may order that the costs of that party shall not be allowed in whole or
in part, or that any costs occasioned by that claim or issue to any other
party shall be paid by him to that other party, regardless of the outcome of
the cause or matter.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

A summary of the applicable principles may also be found in my decision in
_Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien
Margaret and others, third parties)_ [2011] 1 SLR 582 at [34]–[36].

My decision

31 I find that the District Judge was manifestly wrong in the exercise of his
discretion. The Appellant’s conduct of the litigation was reasonable for the
following reasons.

32 First, the District Judge’s comments during the trial suggested that he
considered the issue of whether the Respondent was a shadow director of IT
Wireless to be relevant. The Appellant cannot therefore be faulted for
continuing to pursue the issue. As the Appellant has correctly pointed out,
the following comments and indications from the District Judge would have
reasonably led him to believe at that time that it was relevant to prove that
the Respondent was a shadow director of IT Wireless:

(a) When the Respondent requested for the District Judge to make a preliminary
ruling as to whether the words complained about were defamatory, the District
Judge stated that he would have to hear the evidence. His view was that there
would be “no time savings” with making such a preliminary ruling.[note: 47]

(b) When the Respondent was asked if he recalled signing IT Wireless’ cheques,
the Respondent replied that he could not recall. The District Judge then
interjected and expressed his surprise that the Respondent would forget
signing his cheques.[note: 48] The District Judge’s interjection suggested
that he felt that it was relevant for the Appellant to pursue the truth of
whether the Respondent was a shadow director in IT Wireless.

(c) On the second day of the trial, the Respondent was further cross-examined
on the issue of his signing IT Wireless’ cheques. When the Respondent was
asked whether he was aware that he remained as an authorised signatory for IT
Wireless’ cheques at the material time, the District Judge interjected again
and stated that the issue was whether the Respondent signed cheques and not
whether he remained as a signatory.[note: 49]

I should also mention that, at the hearing before me, I asked the Respondent’s
counsel to bring to my attention any part of the District Judge’s notes of
evidence in which he (_ie_ , the District Judge) indicated that the issue of
whether the Respondent was a shadow director was irrelevant. The Respondent
was not able to refer me to any such indication.

33 Second, and perhaps more importantly, although the District Judge’s finding
that the Email was not defamatory is not on appeal, it was _at least_
_arguable_ that the Email was defamatory. It is well established that the test
for determining the natural and ordinary meaning of allegedly defamatory words
is the meaning that the words would “convey to an ordinary reasonable person,
not unduly suspicious or avid for scandal, using his general knowledge and
common sense” (see _Review Publishing Co Ltd and another v Lee Hsien Loong and
another appeal_ [2010] 1 SLR 52 at [27]). In my view, the natural and ordinary
meaning of the Email was that the Respondent was diverting business from DMS
(his employer) to IT Wireless, a company of which he was a shadow director and
from which he was receiving dividends. It is arguable that this meaning of the
Email was defamatory. It is, of course, not defamatory to simply call someone
a shadow director. However, the Email goes beyond that. The suggestion is that
the Respondent was engaged in self-dealing. In establishing the defence of
justification which the Appellant had pleaded as one of his defences, the
Appellant would have to prove, _inter alia_ , at the trial that the Respondent
was indeed a shadow director of IT Wireless, the company that the Respondent
was diverting business to whilst as an employee of DMS. If it was arguable
that the Email was defamatory, then the Appellant’s conduct of the litigation
in the proceedings below was reasonable. There was no reason therefore to
depart from the general rule that costs should follow the event.

34 Since the Appellant’s conduct of the litigation in the proceedings below
was reasonable, the general rule that costs follow the event should have been
followed.

Conclusion

35 For the reasons above, I allow the appeal. The District Judge’s order that
each party was to bear his own costs of the trial is set aside. I order the
Respondent to pay the Appellant’s costs of the trial.

36 Unless the parties wish to be heard on costs, the Appellant is further
entitled to the costs of this appeal.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) at p 14 (the District Judge’s First
Decision).

[note: 2]ACB at p 13 (the District Judge’s First Decision).

[note: 3]ACB at p 13 (the District Judge’s First Decision).

[note: 4]ACB at p 14 (the District Judge’s First Decision) and Record of
Appeal (“RA”) Vol II at pp 33–34 (Schedule A to the Respondent’s Statement of
Claim).

[note: 5]RA Vol II at p 42 (Defence (Amendment No 1) at [5]).

[note: 6]RA Vol II at p 38 (Schedule B to the Respondent’s Statement of Claim
(Amendment No 1)).

[note: 7]RA Vol II at p 28 (Respondent’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 1)).

[note: 8]RA Vol II at p 42 (Defence (Amendment No 1) at [6]).

[note: 9]RA Vol II at pp 42–43 (Defence (Amendment No 1) at [7]).

[note: 10]RA Vol II at p 42 (Defence (Amendment No 1) at [7]).

[note: 11]RA Vol II at p 44 (Defence (Amendment No 1) at [8]).

[note: 12]ACB at p 20C (the District Judge’s First Decision at [20]).

[note: 13]ACB at p 20C (the District Judge’s First Decision at [21]).

[note: 14]ACB at p 20D (the District Judge’s First Decision at [22]).

[note: 15]ACB at p 20D (the District Judge’s First Decision at [23]).

[note: 16]ACB at p 20K (the District Judge’s First Decision at [45]).

[note: 17]ACB at p 20K (the District Judge’s First Decision at [44]).

[note: 18]Respondent’s Core Bundle (“RCB”) at pp 20–22 (Notice of Appeal for
DCA 43 of 2010).

[note: 19]See Order of Court No 4263 of 2010 in the EFS Case File for
Originating Summons No 724 of 2010 read with the schedule to Originating
Summons No 724 of 2010.

[note: 20]Respondent’s Core Bundle (“RCB”) at pp 112–113 (Order of Court No
6013 of 2010).

[note: 21]ACB at p 10 (the District Judge’s Second Decision at [25]).

[note: 22]ACB at p 8 (the District Judge’s Second Decision at [17]).

[note: 23]ACB at p 8 (the District Judge’s Second Decision at [20]).

[note: 24]ACB at p 8 (the District Judge’s Second Decision at [20]).

[note: 25]ACB at p 9 (the District Judge’s Second Decision at [22]).

[note: 26]ACB at p 10 (2nd GD at [26]).

[note: 27]RCB at p 151 (Letter from Grays LLC to the Supreme Court Registry
dated 26 April 2011).

[note: 28]RCB at p 152 (Letter from the Supreme Court Registry to Grays LLC
and TanLim Partnership dated 29 April 2011).

[note: 29]_Ibid_.

[note: 30]_Ibid_.

[note: 31]RCB at p 155 (Letter from the Supreme Court Registry to Grays LLC
and TanLim Partnership dated 6 May 2011).

[note: 32]Affidavit of Low Leong Meng dated 6 June 2011 filed in support of OS
428/2011 at [11(f)].

[note: 33]_Ibid_.

[note: 34]See Order of Court No 3880 of 2011 in the EFS Case File for OS
428/2011 read with [11] of the Affidavit of Low Leong Meng dated 6 June 2011.

[note: 35]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [10]; Appellant’s Case at
[191]–[194].

[note: 36]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [11]–[19]; [27]; Appellant’s Case
at [67]–[90].

[note: 37]Appellant’s Case at [58]–[60].

[note: 38]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [24].

[note: 39]Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments at [29]–[35]; Appellant’s Case at
[113].

[note: 40]Appellant’s Bundle of Authorities (“ABOA”) Vol I at Tab C.

[note: 41]Appellant’s Case at [165].

[note: 42]Appellant’s Case at [166].

[note: 43]Respondent’s Case at [1]–[3].

[note: 44]Respondent’s Case at [4].

[note: 45]Respondent’s Case at [8].

[note: 46]Respondent’s Case at [10] and p 24.

[note: 47]RA Vol III Part III at p 617.

[note: 48]RA Vol III Part III at p 641.

[note: 49]RA Vol III Part III at p 660.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

