Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Chai Fei Choo _v_ Leong Tak Wa  
[2012] SGHC 185

Case Number| :| Divorce No 4734 of 2007 (RAS No 210 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Carrie Gill, Adriene Cheong and Ivan Cheong (Harry Elias
Partnership LLP) for the plaintiff; Defendant in-person.  
Parties| :|  Chai Fei Choo — Leong Tak Wa  
  
7 September 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (husband) was the defendant in this divorce suit brought by
the respondent (wife) against him. They married on 27 January 1988. The
respondent is 49 years old and the appellant is 48 years old. The marriage
broke down in 2007 and the respondent filed the divorce suit on 28 October
2008. Interim judgment was granted on 7 October 2009\. They have three
children. The eldest is a son (Kent) aged 22; the second a daughter (Serene)
aged 20; and the youngest, a son (Daniel) aged 17 years.

2 The respondent was a housewife until the divorce when she began working as a
customer service assistant earning $848 a month. The appellant was ordered to
pay a monthly maintenance of $5,000 a month as interim maintenance. There were
two main assets, namely, the matrimonial flat which was a flat at Sin Ming
Walk known as Gardens@Bishan, and an HDB flat at Teck Whye Lane.

3 The ancillary orders made by District Judge Wong Keen Onn (“the District
Judge”) were as follows. First, the parties were given joint custody of the
two minor children with care and control to the respondent and reasonable
access to the appellant. Secondly, the appellant is to pay a monthly
maintenance in the sum of $1,400 to the respondent. The appellant is to
maintain the two minor children in the sum of $3,200 jointly each month. The
appellant is also to pay half the overseas school fees and related expenses
for Serene until she completes her course. The appellant was also ordered to
pay arrears in maintenance amounting to $26,155. Thirdly, the appellant was to
transfer his rights, title and interest in the matrimonial flat at
Gardens@Bishan to the respondent. The respondent was to transfer her rights,
title and interest in the Teck Whye Lane to the appellant but the appellant
was to refund the respondent’s Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) money used for
the purchase of this flat. Further, the appellant was to pay the respondent
the sum of $232,400 from the remaining matrimonial assets. The District Judge
ordered this sum to be transferred from the appellant’s CPF account to the
respondent’s CPF account with any shortfall to be paid in cash. Fourthly,
costs of $5,000 was ordered against the appellant.

4 The appellant was dissatisfied with the above orders and appealed before me.
The appellant was unrepresented in this appeal although he was represented by
solicitors before the District Judge. The District Judge set out the arguments
from both sides and the grounds in his written judgment dated 16 March 2012.
Each item disputed was dealt with in sequence and his decision on each was
fully explained. Perusing his judgment, I find myself in full agreement with
the learned District Judge on each of his findings and his overall approach.
However, there was an inexplicable difference in paragraphs 27 and 29 of his
judgment. At paragraph 27, the District Judge noted that the appellant claimed
$60,000 for his pilot training course but at paragraph 29 he noted that the
respondent conceded that $91,000 was used for the pilot training course. I do
not think that this was material as the District Judge ultimately erred in
favour of the appellant on this point.

5 In regard to the issue of custody, care and control of the two minor
children, the District Judge noted the change in position by the appellant who
had initially accepted that it would be in the children’s interest to continue
living with their mother, the respondent. He changed his mind and prayed for
care and control so as to spend more time with them. There seems no doubt that
the respondent was the parent who brought up the children when the appellant
was at work. The District Judge took his interview with Daniel into account
and was satisfied that it would be best to grant care and control to the
respondent. The two minor children are well educated and nearing adulthood.
They could but did not seek a contrary order by indicating so in an affidavit.
I agree with the learned District Judge that there was no need to interview
them further. The orders relating to custody, care and further control are
therefore not to be disturbed.

6 In respect of the earnings and contributions made by the parties, there is
little evidence indicating that the District Judge was so wrong as to merit an
intervention by this court. I am of the view that the decision to award the
respondent 45% from the matrimonial assets to be just and fair even though the
direct financial contributions made by her were very low. In a marriage that
lasted twenty years (1988 to 2008) and involved bringing up three children,
and where there was a 5% to 15% direct financial contribution, a 45% to 50%
apportionment is fair and reasonable.

7 I find that the District Judge’s finding, that the total matrimonial assets
consisted of $1,808,435.45 inclusive of the two flats, was reasonably
accurate. Where, as in this case, some other assets such as investments in
unit trusts and bank accounts as well as alleged payment and withdrawal of
money from real or phantom accounts are alleged by both sides, the trial judge
was duty bound to act only where he is satisfied that the claims appear
reasonable.

8 The court ordered an interim maintenance order of $5,000 a month. That order
was upheld on appeal. However, at the final hearing, the learned District
Judge found the expenses of the two minor children to be $1,935.33 for Daniel
and $1,614 for Serene (totalling $3,549, against the claims of $3,479 by the
respondent and $1,285 by the appellant). The court thus revised the
maintenance to the children to $3,200 (being 90% of $3,549). I am of the view
that this assessment was fair. Although the appellant was ordered to pay a
much higher percentage than the respondent, the District Judge had taken into
account the fact that the appellant earns eight times more than the
respondent. I do not accept the appellant’s claim that he is earning less than
that. No convincing evidence was adduced before me on this issue. With regard
to the respondent’s maintenance, the District Judge found that her expenses
were about $2,400.20 a month. This did not include her share of maintaining
the children ($349). Her net salary was $1,000. The maintenance order of
$1,400 might be high to place the respondent at the expenses level claimed but
given the income of the appellant (more than $8,500 a month) the amount
ordered was not unreasonable and should remain.

9 I come to the appellant’s conduct of the appeal. The appellant loaded a
massive stack of documents with a lengthy submission that did not address the
factual issues. Instead, his “submission” referred to what seemed clearly old
and irrelevant evidence. For instance, pages of photographs of the respondent
and a person alleged to be her lover were produced. The photographs were
clearly taken more than ten years ago. Some of them show the children at 5 to
7 years old. Photographs and descriptions of the appellant’s past work and
projects for the future were also attached with no relevant or logical
persuasion. These were all of no relevance to the decision or the ancillary
matters. I will merely say, without amplification, that the appellant seems to
me to have abused his position as a litigant in-person in vexing the process
with tedious polemic and many rude and unjustified references to the learned
District Judge. I accept that perhaps he had been, and still is, emotionally
affected by the divorce, but that is something for him to work on with
professional counsellors. For my part, I am of the view that there is no merit
in the appeal and it is therefore dismissed. Given the circumstances, I order
costs of this appeal to be paid to the respondent and to be taxed if not
agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

