Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Breezeway Overseas Ltd and another _v_ UBS AG and others  
[2012] SGHC 170

Case Number| :| Suit No 114 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal No 412 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Freddy Lim (Lee & Lee) for the plaintiffs; Tan Shou Min
(Drew & Napier LLC) for the first, third, fourth and fifth defendants;
Charmaine Chan (Legis Point LLC) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Breezeway Overseas Ltd and another — UBS AG and others  
  
16 August 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 This was an appeal against part of the decision of the learned senior
assistant registrar (“SAR”) regarding certain disputed keyword search terms in
the electronic discovery (“e-discovery”) process. The grounds of the SAR’s
decision may be found in _Breezeway Overseas Ltd v UBS AG_ [2012] SGHC 41 (“
_Breezeway_ ”). After hearing both parties, I allowed the appeal in part. I
now set out the reasons for my decision.

Background facts

The parties

2 The present appeal arose from a summons (“SUM 2443/2011”) taken out in Suits
No 112 of 2010 and 114 of 2010 (“the Suits”) for an order that the parties
conduct e-discovery in accordance with the plaintiffs’ draft e-discovery
protocol dated 19 May 2011.

3 The first plaintiff, Breezeway Overseas Ltd, is a company registered in the
British Virgin Islands, while the second plaintiff, Mr Vasanmal Murli, is a
director of the first plaintiff and the person who exerts effective and
complete control over the first plaintiff. The first defendant is UBS AG, a
global financial services firm that is headquartered in both Basel and Zurich,
Switzerland, while the fourth and fifth defendants are the Hong Kong and
Singapore branches of the first defendant. For convenience, the first, fourth
and fifth defendants are henceforth collectively referred to as “the Bank”.
The second defendant, Susan Abraham, and third defendant, Vikrant Kanyal, were
former employees of the Bank and had confirmed that they did not have in their
possession, custody or power any discoverable documents. The present
e-discovery application is therefore between the plaintiffs and the Bank.

4 The first plaintiff is a long-time customer of the Bank. The plaintiffs
alleged that sometime in or about 2008, they relied on the Bank’s
representations and took loans from the fourth defendant to purchase the
following bonds (the “leveraged bonds”):

(a) 6.625% ICICI Bank Bonds on 13 February 2008;

(b) 7.335% Bank of Moscow Bonds on 14 February 2008;

(c) 7.335% Bank of Moscow Bonds on 16 April 2008;

(d) 6.609% VTB Cap Bonds on 15 April 2008;

(e) 8.25% VTB Cap Bonds in July 2008; and

(f) 5.75% Kaupthing Bank Bonds on 6 March 2008.

5 The leveraged bonds were subsequently sold on or about 13 August 2008, and
the loan that had been taken to purchase these bonds was applied towards the
purchase of 13.625% Venezuela Bonds on or about 13 August 2008.

6 In a meeting between the second plaintiff and the Bank held at the Bank’s
office at Suntec City, the Bank’s employees had allegedly represented that the
loans were fixed loans and/or fixed to maturity (which meant that the loans
could not be recalled prior to maturity). The second plaintiff claimed that he
was not told that the first plaintiff had to provide “collateral” to secure
the loans, nor was he informed of which assets were allegedly collateralised.

7 Sometime in or about March 2009, the Bank issued margin calls on the
plaintiffs’ account, which required the plaintiffs to raise huge sums of money
within a short period of time, failing which the Bank threatened to liquidate
the plaintiffs’ assets against the plaintiffs’ will. During this period of
time, the plaintiffs protested strongly against the Bank’s decisions to reduce
the quantum of the loans and to make the margin calls.

8 It was the plaintiffs’ claims against the Bank for, _inter alia_ ,
misrepresentation, breach of fiduciary duties, gross negligence, wilful
misconduct and breach of contract which gave rise to the Suits and,
accordingly, the present appeal.

The decision below

9 SUM 2443/2011 was heard substantively over two separate hearings on 28 July
2011 and 12 December 2011.

10 At the first hearing on 28 July 2011, the SAR made orders concerning the
categories of documents to be disclosed (“the Documents”), as follows:

(a) The emails in the Mailboxes (“Mailbox Emails”), emails in the Personal
Network Profiles (“P-Drive Emails”), the documents in the Personal Network
Profiles (“P-Drive Documents”) and Instant Messaging Records (“IMs”) of
Anandraj Jain, Kurt Kumschick, Susan Abraham and Vikrant Kanyal (referred to
as the “Four Employees”) for the period of February 2008 to August 2008.

(b) The Mailbox Emails, P-Drive Emails, P-Drive Documents and IMs of the Four
Employees plus Vikram Malhotra and Andreas Reber (referred to as the “Four
Employees Plus Two”) for the period of February 2009 to June 2009.

11 The SAR also ordered that:

(a) The Bank was to conduct reasonable keyword searches (_ie_ , electronic
searches of electronic documents with specified words or strings of words) on
the Documents.

(b) The plaintiffs and the Bank were to try to come to an agreement on a set
of keywords to be used to conduct the searches.

(c) If an agreement could not be reached, the Bank was to perform preliminary
keyword searches (_viz_ , searches intended solely for the purpose of
identifying the number of hits of each proposed keyword: see _Robin Duane
Littau v Astrata (Asia Pacific) Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGHC 61 (“ _Robin Duane
Littau_ ”) at [19]) using the disputed keywords, before returning to court for
a determination on the disputed keywords.

12 After the 28 July 2011 hearing, the plaintiffs proposed 30 keywords for the
conduct of the keyword searches. Of the 30 keywords, the Bank agreed to seven
and objected to 23. The seven keywords that the Bank agreed to were keywords
which fell within the categories of unique reference numbers (_ie_ bank
account numbers) and keywords which identified key witnesses, as follows:

(a) “Murli”;

(b) “Vee”;

(c) “Vasanmal”;

(d) “Breezeway”;

(e) “mvee@saniva.com.sg”;

(f) “207760”; and

(g) “910879”.

13 The Bank rejected the remaining 23 keywords because, in the Bank’s view,
those keywords were too generic and broad considering that the Bank was in the
banking business, and that the employees whose Documents would be searched
were banking professionals in the wealth management business. The Bank
therefore conducted the preliminary searches and provided the search results
to the plaintiffs.

14 Parties returned before the SAR on 12 December 2011 for a determination on
the 23 disputed keywords. At the hearing, the SAR allowed ten keywords and
disallowed the remaining 13, as follows:

(a) The word “collateral” would be used in a keyword search of the Mailbox
Emails and the P-Drive Emails of the second and third defendants for the
periods stated in [10] above. The SAR permitted the keyword “collateral”
because one of the issues in dispute was whether the loans which the first
plaintiff had taken were secured against collateral, and if so, whether there
was any identification of which banking assets had been marked as collateral
against the loans. There were also disputes of fact in relation to requests by
the Bank for additional collateral or margin call. In addition, the SAR took
into consideration the number of hits in the preliminary search.

(b) The following words or phrases would be used in a keyword search of the
Mailbox Emails, the P-Drive Emails, the P-Drive Documents and the IMs of the
Four Employees Plus Two for the periods stated in [10] above:

(i) “Fixed Loan”;

(ii) Proximity search of “fixed” within ten words of “maturity”;

(iii) “Protest”;

(iv) “Bank of Moscow”;

(v) “Kaupthing”;

(vi) “Kuznetski”; and

(vii) “Republic of Venezuela”.

(a) The SAR permitted the keywords “Fixed Loan” and the proximity search
because one of the issues in dispute was whether the terms and interest rates
of the loans taken by the first plaintiff were “fixed to maturity”. The
keyword “Protest” was allowed because although it was a common word, its use
in the context of the correspondence between the first plaintiff and the Bank
was particularly relevant to a key issue, _viz_ , the Bank’s alleged
unilateral decision to reduce the “loanable value” of the leveraged bonds
which was in turn used by the Bank as a basis for the margin call. The first
plaintiff had _protested_ to the Bank against this reduction and margin call.
As for the keywords “Bank of Moscow”, “Kaupthing”, “Kuznetski” and “Republic
of Venezuela”, these keywords were permitted because the leveraged bonds were
fairly unique to the banker-customer relationship between the Bank and the
first plaintiff.

(c) The terms “ICICI” and “VTB” would be used in a keyword search of the
Mailbox Emails and the P-Drive Emails of the second defendant, and the Mailbox
Emails of the third defendant, for the periods stated in [10] above. The SAR
permitted these keywords because they referred to the ICICI and VTB leveraged
bonds which were heavily traded by the India desk and which had been
recommended to the first plaintiff. However, in view of the number of
preliminary hits, these were restricted to repositories just mentioned.

The appeal

15 The present appeal concerned nine of the ten keywords that the SAR allowed.
Only the proximity search was not part of the appeal because the SAR had
indicated at the 12 December 2011 hearing that this keyword would only be
allowed if the Bank’s search engine could perform the necessary proximity
searches. As the Bank had since deposed on affidavit that its search engine
was not capable of performing proximity searches, this keyword was not part of
the appeal.

16 The parties suggested that the key issue in the present case was whether
the keywords ordered by the SAR should be used to perform keyword searches on
the Documents. The thrust of the Bank’s arguments was that the disputed
keywords were of low relevance and that the searches were not necessary for
the fair disposal of the Action or for saving costs. It should be noted that
the sub-text to this appeal was the Bank’s concern that – on its
interpretation of _Robin Duane Littau_ – it would not be permitted to review
the search results for relevance, and therefore that the search results may be
over-inclusive by including material irrelevant to the Suits (see [27] _et
seq_).

17 Given that the plaintiffs agreed that the alleged “protest” only arose on
or after February 2009, I allowed the part of the appeal relating to the time
period to be used for a keyword search on the term “protest”. I therefore
ordered that the keyword search for the term “protest” should be restricted to
the time period of February 2009 to June 2009. As for the remaining search
terms, I agreed with the SAR’s order. However, it should be noted that the
Bank’s concerns on the over-inclusiveness of the search results were
substantially assuaged because I disagreed with the Bank’s interpretation of
_Robin Duane Littau_ (see [28]-[33] below).

18 The present grounds of decision focuses on addressing issues related to
keyword searches in the context of e-discovery, as well as the entitlement of
a party giving discovery to review the search results for relevance, privilege
and confidentiality.

Discovery and e-discovery generally

19 In the discovery framework under O 24 of the rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
2006 Rev Ed), a party to a suit has an obligation to disclose to the opposing
party all documents which are, or have been, in his possession, custody or
power that are relevant to the issues in dispute, subject to the requirement
in O 24 r 7 of the rules of Court that discovery must be “necessary either for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs” (see _Sanae Achar
v Sci-Gen Ltd_ [2011] 3 SLR 967 (“ _Sanae Achar_ ”) at [7] and [9]).

20 The perennial tension in the law of civil procedure, _viz_ the attempt to
achieve both justice and efficiency, comes to the forefront in the discovery
process. On the one hand, it is _ex hypothesi_ in the interest of justice that
all relevant material is discovered, while on the other, there is a pressing
need to ensure efficiency lest injustice be occasioned through the well-
meaning but disproportionate attempt to ensure that all relevant material is
disclosed. As Jacob LJ succinctly observed in _Nichia Corp v Argos Ltd_ [2007]
EWCA Civ 741 at [50]-[51]:

50\. … “Perfect justice” in one sense involves a tribunal examining every
conceivable aspect of a dispute. All relevant witness and all relevant
documents need to be considered. And each party must be given a full
opportunity of considering everything and challenging anything it wishes. No
stone, however small, should remain unturned. …

51\. But a system which sought such “perfect justice” in every case would
Actually defeat justice. The cost and time involved would make it impossible
to decide all but the most vastly funded cases. The cost of nearly every case
would be greater than what it is about. Life is too short to investigate
everything in that way. So a compromise is made: one makes do with a lesser
procedure even though it may result in the justice being rougher. Putting it
another way, better justice is achieved by risking a little bit of injustice.

21 The proliferation of information technology has resulted in a burgeoning
volume of discoverable electronic documents, causing a plethora of problems
for the traditional discovery framework (see, _eg_ , _Sanae Achar_ at [14] and
_Surface Stone Pte Ltd v Tay Seng Leon and another_ [2011] SGHC 223 at [1]).
Information technology is now deeply entrenched in every aspect of business
and personal life. There are more and more documents generated, duplicated and
stored in various physical and virtual locations. Although humans are the
primary producers of documents, machines are also generating original
documents out of data from humans or other machines. The traditional discovery
method of manually reviewing every document (“ocular review”) pits the ability
of humans to review documents against the ability of machines to produce them.
It is a war lost unless we can harness the ability of the same machines to
review them.

22 In this connexion, the Supreme Court Practice Direction No 3 of 2009 (“the
e-discovery PD”), recently amended on 1 March 2012, attempts to supplement the
traditional tests of relevancy and necessity (see _Sanae Achar_ at [10]). It
works within the framework of traditional discovery, seeking a pragmatic
compromise between the obligation to give discovery of all relevant documents
and the potentially prohibitive costs of identifying those documents by way of
ocular review. The e-discovery PD provides some guidance on how technology can
be utilised to identify, as far as possible, relevant documents, whilst
keeping in view the requirements of _necessity_ , _proportionality_ and
_economy_ (see para 43E of the e-discovery PD and O 24 r 7 of the rules of
Court). It should be emphasised that the e-discovery PD does _not_ set out to
change the law on discovery (see _Deutsche Bank AG v Chang Tse Wen and others_
[2010] SGHC 125 at [14]); _a fortiori_ , it does not aim to resolve the
problems associated with traditional principles of discovery.

Keyword searches for identification of relevant material

23 Specifically on the issue of keyword searches, it should be noted that
electronic searches of electronic documents using keywords are permitted under
paras 43D(1) and 43D(4) of the e-discovery PD. Those paragraphs provide as
follows:

(1) A class of electronically stored documents may be described by specifying
or describing a search term or phrase to be used in a search for
electronically stored documents which shall be reasonable in scope
(“reasonable search”). A request for the giving of discovery by describing a
class of electronically stored documents with reference to search terms or
phrases must specify or describe limits on the scope of the search; such
limits shall include at least the following:

(a) specifying or describing custodians and repositories, eg physical or
logical storage locations, media or devices; and

(b) specifying the period during which the requested electronically stored
documents were created, received or modified.

…

(4) An application for discovery of any electronically stored document or
class of electronically stored documents which specifies or describes a search
term or phrase to be used in a reasonable search for electronically stored
documents must specify or describe limits on the scope of the search to be
conducted.

24 Keyword searches are potentially both over- and under-inclusive. As any
user of search engines would realise, false positives and false negatives are
an inevitable result of attempting to identify relevant material through
keyword searches. This should be contrasted with ocular review, which could
theoretically ensure zero gaps in the identification of relevant material.
However, when a large number of documents have to be reviewed, discrepancies
inevitably arise due to fatigue and variances in each reviewer’s subjective
appreciation of the issues in dispute and threshold for relevance. When the
documents to be reviewed exceed a certain volume, accurate ocular review
becomes prohibitively costly and impracticable.

25 Imperfect as they are, therefore, keyword searches present a practical
trade-off between achieving a theoretically complete set of relevant material
and keeping costs proportionate to the value of the claim. As part of the
e-discovery process of identifying relevant material, keyword searches provide
a pragmatic solution where the costs of ocular review would be way out of
proportion to the stakes in the case.

26 In my view, it would be helpful to conceptualise the process of identifying
relevant material through keyword searches as an _iterative sieving process_.
This coheres with para 43B of the e-discovery PD, which contemplates the
conduct of general discovery in stages (see also _Sanae Achar_ at [14],
_Breezeway_ at [4]-[15] and _Gavin Goodale and ors v The Ministry of Justice
and others_ [2010] EWHC B40 (QB) at [22]-[23]). Under this iterative sieving
process, the court and the parties endeavour to select the best possible
keywords that would avoid sieving out relevant material whilst simultaneously
ensuring a practical and workable manner of processing the material at hand.
Parties would thereafter clarify and/or narrow search terms as necessary with
a collaborative spirit and in good faith, resorting to applications to court
only when parties require an arbiter to break the impasse. The court will
eventually sanction a final set of search criteria for the purposes of
e-discovery (“court-sanctioned search”).

Post court-sanctioned search reviews

27 Before me, counsel for the Bank expressed the concern that the court-
sanctioned search may throw up irrelevant, privileged and/or confidential
material. In this regard, he queried if the Bank would be permitted to conduct
a “post court-sanctioned search review”, _viz_ , to review the search results
of the court-sanctioned search and withhold irrelevant, privileged and/or
confidential material.

Post court-sanctioned search review for relevance

28 The parties suggested that _Robin Duane Littau_ , by deeming (at [32]) the
search results of the court-sanctioned search “ _prima facie_ relevant”,
precluded post court-sanctioned search reviews for relevance. The parties also
drew my attention to the recently amended e-discovery PD which, in their view,
precluded post court-sanctioned search reviews for relevance. The relevant
parts of the e-discovery PD provide as follows:

(a) Para 43D(3):

The obligations of a party responding to a request for reasonable search for
electronically stored documents is fulfilled upon that party carrying out the
search to the extent stated in the request and disclosing any electronically
stored documents located as a result of that search. The party giving
discovery shall not be required to review the search results for relevance.

(b) Appendix E, part 2, para 1(g):

**No review for relevance.** Subject to paragraph 3 (Review for privileged
material) below, each party’s obligation to conduct a reasonable search is
fulfilled upon that party carrying out the search to the extent agreed in this
plan; the party giving discovery shall not be required to review the search
results for relevance.

(c) Appendix E, part 1, para 2(c):

_Review of search results_

Where search terms are used, the search results are deemed to be relevant and
discoverable subject to review for the purpose of identifying privileged
documents. Parties **should not** expend additional time, effort and resources
to review search results for relevance.

[emphasis in original]

29 I disagreed with the view that _Robin Duane Littau_ and the e-discovery PD
precluded post court-sanctioned search reviews for relevance, for the
following reasons:

(a) First, while the court in _Robin Duane Littau_ did express the view (at
[32]) that “the search results are _prima facie_ relevant”, this must be read
in light of the court’s carefully qualified view (at [33]) that “further
review for relevance _will usually be unnecessary in view of the costs that_
_are likely to be incurred_ ” [emphasis added]. In other words, the court did
not preclude post court-sanctioned search reviews for relevance.

(b) Second, para 43D(3) and Appendix E, Part 2, para 1(g) of the e-Discovery
PD suggest that the party giving discovery “shall not be _required_ to review
the search results for relevance” [emphasis added]. These paragraphs did not
preclude post court-sanctioned search reviews for relevance; they merely note
that the party giving discovery shall not be _required_ to do so.

(c) Third, Appendix E, part 1, para 2(c) of the e-Discovery PD merely suggests
that parties “should not” review search results for relevance, possibly in
recognition that post court-sanctioned search reviews for relevance would
usually incur disproportionate costs. In any case, Appendix E, Part 1, para
2(c) is simply part of a “Check List of Issues for Good Faith Collaboration”
which is intended to function as a list of items to be traversed (initially)
by counsel and client and (subsequently) when parties meet and confer; it is
an exhortation and is not strictly part of the e-discovery PD proper.

30 The upshot of the above observations is that the concept of “ _prima facie_
relevance” refers to the notion that the party giving discovery is not
_required_ to review the search results of the court-sanctioned search for
relevance. The search results of the court-sanctioned search are “ _prima
facie_ relevant” in the sense that the party giving discovery will be deemed
to have complied with his obligation to provide all relevant documents under
the general discovery process (see O 24 r 1 of the rules of Court).

31 In this regard, one should be keenly aware of the conceptual distinction
between the _obligation to give discovery_ and the concept of _relevance_ in
the context of discovery. Although both concepts are related because the party
giving discovery has the _obligation to give discovery_ of all _relevant_
material, the e-discovery PD makes it possible for that party to fulfil his
discovery obligations by giving discovery of the results of a court-sanctioned
search, _regardless_ of whether such search results are over- or under-
inclusive _vis-à-vis_ the identification of relevant material.

32 With regard to the _obligation to give discovery_ , as long as the party
giving discovery complies with the terms of the court-sanctioned search, as
well as with all the necessary requirements as stated in the rules of Court,
the party entitled to discovery “would have to accept that [the party giving
discovery] had fulfilled [his or] her discovery obligations, notwithstanding
the fact that there could well be [documents] not caught by the search engine
employed” (_Sanae Achar_ at [23]; and see [30] above). This is because the
discovery rules do not require that no stone should be left unturned – an
attitude “justified by considerations of proportionality” (_Sanae Achar_ at
[23], citing _Digicel (St Lucia) Ltd v Cable & Wireless Plc_ [2008] EWHC 2522
(Ch) at [46]).

33 However, the fact that the obligation to give discovery is fulfilled by the
party giving discovery of the results of a court-sanctioned search does not
mean that the results of the search are deemed relevant in the sense that the
party giving discovery is not entitled to conduct post court-sanctioned search
reviews. At bottom, the e-discovery PD is designed to keep costs
proportionate, relieving the party giving discovery of the need to conduct
costly and time-consuming ocular review of all the documents in his
possession, custody or power (see [22] above). The e-discovery PD was not
intended to prevent the party giving discovery from undertaking a post court-
sanctioned search review to remove documents that are irrelevant to the issues
in dispute. But any such further review would be outside the ambit of the
e-discovery PD and the decision to remove any document on the ground of
irrelevance must be done by way of ocular review. This means that every
document a party removes in a post court-sanctioned search review on the basis
that it is irrelevant must be processed in the traditional manner, _ie_ ,
manually examined and subsequently considered irrelevant by a solicitor
familiar with the issues in dispute (or the party, in the case of a litigant
in person). As this process is usually an expense unreasonably incurred the
party electing to do this will not generally be entitled to recover the costs
of the post court-sanctioned search review in the event that costs are
eventually awarded in his favour.

Post court-sanctioned search reviews for privilege and/or confidentiality

34 Other than a post court-sanctioned search review for relevance, it is clear
that the party giving discovery may conduct a post court-sanctioned search
review for _privileged and/or confidential material_ (see _Robin Duane Littau_
at [35]). Again, the same conditions apply as in a post court-sanctioned
search review for relevance, _ie_ , any documents may only be withheld from
discovery on the ground of privilege and/or confidentiality pursuant to ocular
review, and costs for this extra step will not generally be allowed.

Application to the facts

35 In the present case, the Bank did preliminary searches on the keywords
ordered by the learned SAR. The parties made a summary of the preliminary
searches available to me in their submissions. I note that the number of hits
for each of the ten search terms was generally not excessive. Furthermore,
upon substantive perusal of each keyword ordered by the SAR, I found that –
for the reasons stated by the SAR (see [14] above) – it was reasonable to
believe that the keywords ordered would identify material that was potentially
relevant to the issues in the Suits.

36 For the avoidance of doubt, I ordered that the Bank was entitled to conduct
post court-sanctioned search reviews of the documents retrieved from all
searches for relevance (including documents that would lead to a “train of
inquiry”: see O 24 r 5(3)(c) of the rules of Court, and see _The Compagnie
Financiere et Commerciale du Pacifique v The Pruvian Guano Co_ (1882) 11 QBD
55) as well as privilege and/or confidentiality.

Conclusion

37 The appeal was therefore allowed to the extent that the search for the term
“protest” would be restricted to the period of February 2009 to June 2009.
Given that the plaintiffs opposed the Bank’s application for a stay of
proceedings pending the present appeal, although the Bank succeeded in part at
this appeal, I made no order as to costs in both the stay opposition and the
present appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

