Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Alain Monié _v_ APRIL Management Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 160

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 946 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chuan Thye, Germaine Chia and Loh Jien Li (Stamford
Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Chew Kei-Jin and Teo Jun Wei Andre (Tan
Rajah & Cheah) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Alain Monié — APRIL Management Pte Ltd  
  
7 August 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff was employed by the defendant pursuant to an employment
agreement dated 25 May 2010 (“the Agreement”). The plaintiff’s employment with
the defendant came to an end on 31 October 2011. In this originating summons,
the plaintiff asks for a declaration that he is entitled to be paid by the
defendant certain moneys under “Accrued Obligations” in cl XVIII(5)(iii) of
the Agreement.

2 At the outset, I must note that the source of the dispute lies in the poor
manner in which the Agreement was drafted, the specific instances of which
will be pointed out at appropriate junctures in this judgment.

Background facts

3 Save for the reason for the plaintiff’s resignation (which is not relevant
to the claim before me), all the facts set out below are undisputed.

4 The defendant is a wholly owned subsidiary of Asia Pacific Resources
International Limited (“APRIL”), a company incorporated in Bermuda. The APRIL
group of companies (the “APRIL Group”) is one of the largest manufacturers and
marketers of pulp and paper products worldwide.

5 The plaintiff is a citizen of France and a permanent resident of Singapore.
He was headhunted for the position of chief executive officer (“CEO”) of the
APRIL Group and commenced his employment with the defendant on 23 August 2010.
As CEO, the plaintiff oversaw the operations of the APRIL Group in multiple
jurisdictions, including China and Indonesia. He reported directly to the
board of directors of the APRIL Group (the “Board”).

6 Under cl V(1) of the Agreement, the plaintiff was paid a gross monthly
salary of S$97,500. Clause V(4) of the Agreement also entitled the plaintiff
to receive the remuneration outlined in the Addendum to the Agreement.

7 Prior to his appointment with the APRIL Group, the plaintiff was employed at
Ingram Micro Inc (“Ingram Micro”) as its chief operating officer. The terms of
the plaintiff’s employment contract with Ingram Micro provided for a retention
benefit plan comprising certain unvested stock options, restricted stock units
under a long-term incentive plan, and cash retained by Ingram Micro
(collectively referred to as “the Ingram Micro Retention Benefits”) which
would be paid to the plaintiff at stipulated dates in the future, stretching
into 2013. Upon resigning from Ingram Micro, the plaintiff would lose his
rights to the stock options and cash that were payable after the date of
resignation. The defendant was aware that the plaintiff stood to lose the
Ingram Micro Retention Benefits if he left Ingram Micro to join the APRIL
Group. The negotiations between the parties resulted in terms set out in the
Agreement.

8 The plaintiff tendered his resignation on 4 July 2011. His formal employment
with the defendant came to an end on 31 October 2011. The plaintiff was thus
in the defendant’s employ for a period of some 14 months. As noted above at
[3], while the reason for the plaintiff’s resignation is disputed, it is not
relevant to the claim before me. It is undisputed that, whatever the reason
for the plaintiff’s termination of his employment, the operative clause of the
Agreement in the present case is cl XVIII(5).

Issue before the court

9 Clause XVIII is entitled “Termination of Employment”. It envisages six forms
of termination in cll XVIII(2) to XVIII(7), which I have respectively termed
as follows:

(a) termination for cause (cl XVIII(2));

(b) termination with warning (cl XVIII(3));

(c) termination with notice (cl XVIII(4));

(d) termination for disability (cl XVIII(6));

(e) termination for good reason (cl XVIII(7)); and

(f) termination for any reason (cl XVIII(5)).

10 Clause XVIII(2) relates to the first form, termination for cause, which
covers, _inter alia_ , the plaintiff’s misconduct, material breach of contract
and bankruptcy. Under this, the plaintiff is entitled to be paid the Accrued
Obligations (see [16] below) and nothing else.

11 Clause XVIII(3) relates to the second form, termination with warning, and
provides that, if the plaintiff’s performance is below expectation, the
defendant may give a written warning to him and if the plaintiff fails to
improve, then the defendant may terminate the employment with four months’
notice. Under this form of termination, the plaintiff is entitled to receive
all the benefits specified under cl XVIII(7) (termination for good reason),
including the Accrued Obligations (cl XVIII(7)(i)), but is not entitled to
receive the bonus specified in cl XVIII(7)(ii).

12 Clause XVIII(4) relates to the third form, termination with notice, under
which either party may terminate with six months’ notice to the other. The
provision is silent as to the payments that the plaintiff is entitled to upon
termination, but see [15] below.

13 Clause XVIII(6) relates to the fourth form, termination for disability
which covers death and total permanent disability. Under this, the defendant
is liable to pay the plaintiff or his estate the Accrued Obligations and a
pro-rated bonus (the “Bonus”). The method of calculating the Bonus is the same
as that provided for in cl XVIII(7)(ii).

14 Clause XVIII(7) relates to the fifth form, termination for good reason. The
plaintiff is entitled to terminate under this provision if he is not appointed
to the Board or removed from it, or when the defendant commits any material
breach of its obligations under the Agreement. If the defendant terminates the
plaintiff’s employment and such termination does not fall under termination
for cause (cl XVIII(2)) or termination for disability (cl XVIII(6)), such
termination would also fall under this provision. Under this form of
termination, the plaintiff is entitled to:

(a) the Accrued Obligations “payable as and when those amounts would have been
payable had [his] employment ... not terminated”;

(b) the Bonus; and

(c) his base salary and benefits allowance payable for a period.

15 Clause XVIII(5) relates to the sixth form, termination for any reason. The
opening words of the provision read: “In the event that the [plaintiff’s]
employment with the [defendant] is terminated for _any reason_ ...” [emphasis
added]. The words “any reason” are wide enough to cover the first five forms
of termination (see [10]–[14]). However, and herein is an instance of bad
drafting, such an interpretation would contradict the provisions under (a)
termination for cause, (b) termination with warning, (d) termination for
disability and (e) termination for good reason. Clause XVIII(5) would only be
logical if “any reason” meant any reason other than the ones in those four
forms of termination. While “any reason” probably covers (c) termination with
notice because, as noted earlier at [12], there is no provision in cl XVIII(4)
for the consequences of this form of termination, this is not a material issue
as the present matter does not involve termination with notice and I therefore
need not make any finding on it. The parties are agreed that the plaintiff’s
termination falls within cl XVIII(5), under which the defendant is required to
“satisfy the Accrued Obligations, at such times as such obligations would have
been provided if [the plaintiff’s] employment had not terminated”.

16 I now set out cl XVIII(5) in full:

In the event that the [plaintiff’s] employment with the [defendant] is
terminated for any reason, the [defendant] shall satisfy the Accrued
Obligations, _at such times as such obligations would have been provided if
[the plaintiff’s] employment had not terminated_. For purposes of this
Agreement, the term “Accrued Obligations” means:

(i) all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date on which the
[plaintiff’s] employment is terminated;

(ii) any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with [the
defendant] policy ...

(iii) _any accrued but unpaid benefits provided under the [defendant’s]
employee benefit plans or arrangements, including without limitation any
amounts to which the [plaintiff] shall be entitled under the Addendum_ ,
subject to and in accordance with the terms of those plans and the Addendum;

(iv) any awarded but unpaid bonus in respect of any completed fiscal year or
other bonus period that has ended on or prior to the end of the [plaintiff’s]
employment with the [defendant]; and

(v) rights to indemnification by virtue of the [plaintiff’s] position as an
officer or director of the [defendant] ... and the benefits under any
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy ...

[emphasis added]

17 The dispute between the parties centres on an apparent conflict between:

(a) the main part of cl XVIII(5), _viz_ , “at such times as such obligations
would have been provided if [the plaintiff’s] employment had not terminated”
(“the First Limb”); and

(b) subpart (iii) of the definition of Accrued Obligations, _viz_ , “any
accrued but unpaid benefits ... including ... any amounts to which the
[plaintiff] shall be entitled under the Addendum” (“the Second Limb”).

The plaintiff’s position is that the First Limb requires the defendant to make
the payments in Appendix B of the Agreement at the dates set out therein “as
... if ... employment had not terminated”. The defendant’s position is that
the Second Limb evinced the intention that only the sums due, or “accrued”
prior to the date of termination would be payable. In view of this, it is
necessary to look at the scheme of compensation under the Agreement to
determine its true intention in relation to this aspect.

18 The part of the addendum relevant to the dispute is Addendum II. This is
entitled “Payment in respect of forfeited Long Term Incentive Compensation”.
It contains two paragraphs as follows:

The Company will compensate the [plaintiff] in respect of his unvested stock
options, restricted stock, cash retention and cash clawback that were awarded
by his previous employer in a cash equivalent amount, _the payment of which
will be in the amounts set forth on, and pursuant to the timing established in
accordance with, Appendix B_ attached to this Addendum II to the Employment
Agreement. The [plaintiff] agrees to provide all necessary supporting
documentation to verify the number of awarded and outstanding unvested stock
options, restricted stock, cash retention and cash clawback provided by his
previous employer, unless otherwise required by law.

If the [plaintiff’s] employment is terminated by the [defendant] (except for a
termination with Cause (as defined in Clause [XVIII(2)] of the Agreement)), if
there is a Change in Control (as defined in Addendum III), or if the
[plaintiff] resigns for Good Reason (as defined in Clause [XVIII(7)] of the
Agreement), the _aggregate unpaid amount set forth on the schedule_ shall be
paid in full within ten (10) business days of the termination of the
[plaintiff’s] employment or the effective date of the Change in Control.

[emphasis added]

The first paragraph of Addendum II, read with cl V(4) (see [6] above), sets
out the parties’ intention that the defendant would compensate the plaintiff
in the form of cash equivalents of the Ingram Micro Retention Benefits (see
[7] above) in the course of the plaintiff’s employment with the defendant. In
other words, the “FORFEITED LONG TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION” referred to in
the title of Addendum II is the Ingram Micro Retention Benefits. The second
paragraph is rather more problematic. The difficulty that I have with the
second paragraph is that it refers to a “schedule” but the term is not
defined, and more problematically, the term does not appear anywhere else in
the Agreement. It could conceivably refer to Appendix B, except that this
would conflict with some of the termination provisions in cl XVIII. In view of
this, and a number of other manifestations in the Agreement that have been or
will be pointed out in this judgment, the conclusion that I am inexorably
drawn to is that the Agreement is badly drafted, probably as a result of
patching up various boilerplate clauses without a thorough check for
consistency. However counsel on both sides did not seem troubled by this and
appeared to accept that “schedule” refers to Appendix B. I will thus treat the
term “schedule” as referring to Appendix B.

19 Appendix B provides the details and dates for the defendant’s payments of
the cash equivalents of the Ingram Micro Retention Benefits to the plaintiff
as follows:

Payment Date |  Type |  Amount (in USD)  
---|---|---  
2010 1-Jul 1-Aug |  Clawback see note 2) below Unvested Stock options |  1,000,000 85,860  
2011 1-Jan 2-Jan 2-Mar 1-Apr |  LTIP Unvested Stock options LTIP Cash Retention |  175,500 306,600 447,264 700,000  
2012 2-Mar 2-Mar 1-Apr 1-Apr |  LTIP LTIP LTIP Retention |  1,494,736 447,264 329,904 1,145,448  
2013 1-Apr 1-Apr |  LTIP LTIP |  989,694 154,404  
TOTAL |  |  7,526,674  
NOTES |  1) To be paid within 10 business days of their Payment date to the executive 2) Clawback is shown net of Singapore tax. Total grossed up amount provided to the [plaintiff] will depend on exact Singapore tax.   
  
  

20 In another instance of poor drafting, there is an arithmetical error in the
figure of US$7,526,674 given as the “Total”, as the numbers above it add up to
only US$7,276,674. At the time of the plaintiff’s termination of employment on
31 October 2011, the plaintiff had collected the sums specified up to 1 April
2011. The dispute concerns the six sums set out commencing on 2 March 2012 and
ending on 1 April 2013 (the “six sums”). The total of the six sums amounts to
US$4,561,450.

21 As noted earlier, the plaintiff resigned under cl XVIII(5) (termination for
any reason). It is worthwhile to set out cl XVIII(5) again to see the
intention behind the provision. It provides as follows:

In the event that the [plaintiff’s] employment with the Company is terminated
for any reason, the Company shall satisfy the Accrued Obligations, at such
times as such obligations would have been provided if [the plaintiff’s]
employment had not terminated. For purposes of this Agreement, the term
“Accrued Obligations” means:

(i) all _accrued_ but unpaid Base Salary through the date on which the
[plaintiff’s] employment is terminated;

(ii) any unpaid or unreimbursed expenses incurred in accordance with [the
defendant] policy ...

(iii) any _accrued_ but unpaid benefits provided under the [defendant’s]
employee benefit plans or arrangements, including without limitation any
amounts to which the [plaintiff] shall be entitled under the Addendum, subject
to and in accordance with the terms of those plans and the Addendum;

(iv) any awarded but unpaid bonus in respect of any completed fiscal year or
other bonus period that has ended on or prior to the end of the [plaintiff’s]
employment with the [defendant]; and

(v) rights to indemnification by virtue of the [plaintiff’s] position as an
officer or director of the [defendant] ... and the benefits under any
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy ...

[emphasis added]

22 Clause XVIII(5) defines the term “Accrued Obligations” which comprises
subparts (i) to (v). For present purposes the crucial word is “accrued” as
found in subparts (i) and (iii) of the definition. The meaning of “accrued” as
used in subpart (i) is clear enough. The defendant is obliged to pay the
plaintiff all “accrued but unpaid Base Salary” up to the date of termination
of employment on 31 October 2011. That must mean that he is entitled to the
base salary that he had earned or had become entitled to as a result of his
employment up to 31 October 2011. The issue in dispute before me is whether
the amounts in Appendix B that would have been paid to him after 31 October
2011 had he remained in the defendant’s employment fall within the ambit of
“accrued but unpaid benefits” in cl XVIII(5) subpart (iii). Applying the same
understanding of “accrued” in subpart (i) to subpart (iii), “accrued but
unpaid benefits” ought to encompass the payments under Appendix B that the
plaintiff had been entitled to up to the date of termination, _viz_ , 31
October 2011. This interpretation is consistent with the defendant’s position.
The plaintiff’s position is that it was the parties’ intention all along that
he should be entitled to the _full_ amount of the payments under Appendix B,
just that his entitlement to be paid those sums only arose at the dates
prescribed, hence the words “accrued but unpaid”. In other words, the
plaintiff’s contention is that the full amount of the payments under Appendix
B accrued to him from the moment of his employment, but the individual
payments were only payable to him on the dates prescribed in Appendix B. Had I
been solely concerned with the definition of “Accrued Obligations”, I might
have found for the defendant, as, on face value, its interpretation of
“accrued” appears to cohere better with the wording of the definition in cl
XVIII(5).

23 However, upon a close study of the Agreement in its entirety, I am unable
to find for the defendant for the following reasons. It is important to note
that while cl XVIII(5) contains the definition of “Accrued Obligations”, it
also has another limb which focuses on the consequences of termination for any
reason. Clause XVIII(5) thus has two limbs: the First Limb provides for
termination for any reason, and the Second Limb defines “Accrued Obligations”.
It is the interaction and apparent tension between these two limbs that is
critical to the present dispute (see above at [17]). For reasons which I will
elaborate on in the following paragraphs, I find that while the First Limb is
unique to cl XVIII(5), the Second Limb which provides the definition of
“Accrued Obligations” applies to the other subclauses in cl XVIII.

24 Clause XVIII(5) itself provides that the definition of term “Accrued
Obligations” is given not for the purposes of cl XVIII(5) alone, but “[f]or
the purposes of this Agreement”. Therefore, the definition applies to that
term wherever it is found in the Agreement. The term “Accrued Obligations” is
also found in cll XVIII(2), XVIII(6) and XVIII(7). The fact that the
definition of “Accrued Obligations” is lumped up with cl XVIII(5) even though
it is applicable to other sub-clauses of cl XVIII, is yet another example of
bad drafting and is potentially misleading. It could have been made much
clearer had this definition provision been disconnected from cl XVIII(5).

25 Once it is recognised that the definition of “Accrued Obligations” is
common to the other sub-clauses in cl XVIII, it becomes clear that the
operative words for termination for any reason in cl XVIII(5), _viz_ , “the
[defendant] shall satisfy the Accrued Obligations, at such times as such
obligations would have been provided if the [plaintiff’s] employment had not
terminated” was intended to provide a _specific_ modification of the general
definition of “Accrued Obligations” as regards to the payments under Appendix
B, by providing that the defendant is obliged to pay the plaintiff all the
payments set out therein on the prescribed dates _notwithstanding that his_
_employment has been terminated_. The First Limb of cl XVIII(5) does _not_ ,
however, apply to all subparts of the definition of “Accrued Obligations”.
Importantly, while it applies to cl XVIII(5) subpart (iii) which refers to the
Appendix B payments, it does _not_ apply to subpart (i) which deals with the
plaintiff’s base salary. The reason for this lies in the difference in
phrasing between subparts (i) and (iii). Subpart (i) provides that Accrued
Obligations include “all accrued but unpaid Base Salary through the date on
which the [plaintiff’s] employment is terminated”. There is no way to read
this sensibly with the First Limb of cl XVIII(5) which provides that the
Accrued Obligations are to be satisfied at such times as such obligations
would have been provided if the [plaintiff’s] employment had not terminated,
as the two provisions are in direct conflict. Unlike subpart (i), subpart
(iii) makes no express reference to termination, and is thus reasonably
capable of being read together with the First Limb of cl XVIII(5).

26 If the defendant’s position were taken, no effect would be given to the
First Limb of cl XVIII(5). This goes against the key principle of contractual
interpretation that the court should be slow to interpret the contract in a
way that would render any provision superfluous or void of meaning. The
express words of the First Limb are clearly consonant with the plaintiff’s
argument that the defendant is obliged to pay the plaintiff the six sums, as
they are sums that the defendant would have had to pay to the plaintiff “if
[his] employment had not terminated”. As for the word “accrued” in cl XVIII(5)
subpart (iii) of the definition of “Accrued Obligations”, I am of the view
that it does less damage to the overall construction of the Agreement _in its
entirety_ to take the plaintiff’s position that “accrued but unpaid” refers to
all unpaid sums in Appendix B.

27 It remains for me to add that where the particular clauses of the Agreement
do not provide for any specific modifications of the definition of “Accrued
Obligation” (apart from the First Limb of cl XVIII(5), another instance of
modification can be found in cl XVIII(7)(i) which contains words to the same
effect, a point to which I will return to at [30]), there will no longer be an
entitlement to the total sum of the Appendix B payments and the only payments
that can be claimed are those that have accrued as at the date of termination
(see above at [22]). For example, under cl XVIII(2), termination for cause,
where there are no words of modification of the definition of “Accrued
Obligations”, in the event of such termination, the executive would not be
entitled to the entirety of the Appendix B payments. This must be right, as,
in so far as a “hierarchy” of severity of termination goes, termination for
cause must undoubtedly be the most severe reason for termination, with the
correspondingly least beneficial severance package.

28 I now turn to the defendant’s argument that the plaintiff’s position does
not make commercial sense. I would only say in the present case, it is
virtually impossible to judge whether it makes commercial sense or not. This
is because much depends on the bargaining power of the parties. This matter
was commenced by originating summons and there is no evidence before me on
this aspect. Unless the facts are so absurd that the court can confidently
find that it is commercially impossible, the analysis would have to be made on
the basis of the terms of the Agreement to which the parties have signed.

29 The issue that remains is when the payment of the six sums has to be made.
Under the second paragraph of Addendum II of the Agreement, where:

(a) the plaintiff’s employment is terminated by the defendant other than
termination for cause under cl XVIII(2);

(b) there is a change of control as defined in Addendum III; or

(c) the plaintiff resigns under cl XVIII(7) (termination for good reason),

then the “aggregate unpaid amount set forth on the schedule” shall be paid to
the plaintiff within ten days of the event concerned, which appears to be an
accelerated scheme of payment. As the plaintiff’s termination of employment
was under cl XVIII(5), we are not concerned with the second paragraph of
Addendum II. Pursuant to the First Limb of cl XVIII(5), the dates of the six
sums are to be paid “at such times as such obligations would have been
provided if the [plaintiff’s] employment had not terminated”, and these dates
are those which are provided in Appendix B.

30 The second paragraph of Addendum II is not directly relevant to this
judgment, but it represents one further instance of bad drafting. Firstly, the
use of the term “aggregate unpaid amount” suggests that there is no need for
the payments to have accrued. It is unclear how this ties in with cl XVIII(5)
subpart (iii) of the definition of Accrued Obligations which provides for
“accrued but unpaid benefits”. Secondly, the accelerated scheme of payment
does not sit well with cl XVIII(7)(i), which provides that the Accrued
Obligations (pursuant to subpart (iii) of the definition of “Accrued
Obligations” read with Addendum II, this includes the Appendix B payments) are
to be “payable as and when those amounts would have been payable had the
[plaintiff’s] employment with the [defendant] not terminated”. The phrasing of
cl XVIII(7)(i) is similar to the First Limb of cl XVIII(5), and as I have
found earlier (see above at [29]), under the First Limb of cl XVIII(5) the
dates of payment of the Appendix B are the dates provided in Appendix B
itself. The Agreement is silent on whether the accelerated scheme of payment
overrides this.

Conclusion

31 For the reasons above, I hold that, arising from the termination of the
plaintiff’s employment with the defendant on 31 October 2011, the plaintiff is
entitled to be paid by the defendant the six sums set out in Appendix B to the
Agreement on the dates prescribed therein commencing on 2 March 2012 and
ending on 1 April 2013. I therefore order the defendant to make those payments
on the dates specified. The defendant is also ordered to pay the plaintiff
interest on any late payment of any of the sums from the date each is due to
the date of payment at the usual rate. In addition, the defendant is ordered
to pay the plaintiff costs, to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

