Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hua Xin Innovation Incubator Pte Ltd _v_ IPCO International Ltd  
[2012] SGHCR 18

Case Number| :| Suit No 729 of 2012 (Summons 4865 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Keith Han AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Low Chai Chong, Loh Kia Meng, Diyanah Baharudin and
Patrick Wong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the plaintiff; Imran Hamid Khwaja,
Moiz Haider Sithawalla, Derek Low and Michelle Ong (Tan Rajah and Cheah) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Hua Xin Innovation Incubator Pte Ltd — IPCO International Ltd  
  
14 November 2012|  
---|---  
  
Keith Han AR:

1 This was an application by IPCO International Limited (“the defendant”) to
stay the proceedings commenced by Hua Xin Innovation Incubator Pte Ltd (“the
plaintiff”) in Suit No 729 of 2012 in favour of arbitration.

The facts

2 The plaintiff is a limited exempt private company involved in incubator
marketing and consultant services, as well as investment and business
consultancy[note: 1]. The defendant is a public company limited by shares and
listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange[note: 2].

3 On 12 March 2012, the plaintiff and the defendant (collectively referred to
as “the parties”) entered into an agreement to record their principles of
agreement and certain commitments (“the Agreement”), which would form the
basis for the negotiation of the Joint Development Agreement in relation to
the Falling Water Land project (“the project”).[note: 3] The project relates
to the development of certain parcels of land in Washington, United States of
America. It was envisaged under the Agreement that the parties would
subsequently enter into the Joint Development Agreement with certain other
relevant parties for the purposes of implementing the project.[note: 4]

The advance amount

4 Under Clause 3.1 of the Agreement, the plaintiff made an advance payment of
S$1,350,000.00 (“the advance amount”) to the defendant in exchange for the
defendant granting the plaintiff the right to participate in the joint
development of the project. Clause 3.2 of the Agreement further provided that
if the Agreement were to lapse or terminate, the advance amount would be
repaid by the defendant to the plaintiff immediately without interests.
Specifically, Clause 6.1 stipulated that if the Joint Development Agreement
was not executed within 2 months from the date of the Agreement, the Agreement
would lapse and cease to have further effect. As a result of that, the
defendant would come under an obligation to return the advance amount to the
plaintiff within five (5) working days (see Clause 6.2 of the Agreement).

The arbitration agreement

5 Clause 7, the dispute resolution clause, read as follows:

**Dispute resolution**

Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination shall be referred to
and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore according to the Arbitration
rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for the time being in
force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Clause.
The Tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator. All arbitration proceedings
shall be in the English language. The decision of the arbitrator shall be
final and binding on all the Parties.

6 As it turned out, on or about 12 May 2012, the Agreement lapsed and ceased
to have further effect as the Joint Development Agreement was not executed. On
31 August 2012, the plaintiff filed Suit 729 of 2012 (“the proceedings”)
against the defendant to claim the advance amount. The defendant has not filed
any defence or taken any step in the proceedings, save that it has filed the
present application for a stay in favour of arbitration.

Suit 630 of 2012/P (“Suit 630”) and the global settlement agreement

7 Earlier, on 29 July 2012, several plaintiffs commenced proceedings against a
company, Sunmax Global Capital Fund 1 Pte Ltd (“Sunmax”) and one Li Hua in
Suit 630. The plaintiff and the defendant were not parties to Suit 630.
However, Ms Quah Su-Ling (“Ms Quah”), a director and CEO of the defendant who
filed the affidavits in support of the present stay application, is one of the
plaintiffs in Suit 630. At the same time, the 2nd defendant in Suit 630, Li
Hua, is the deponent of the only affidavit made on behalf of the plaintiff in
the present stay application. It is the defendant’s case that Li Hua is a
shadow or de facto director of the plaintiff, as he is the husband of one of
the plaintiff’s director, with the other director being his relative.

8 Central to the dispute in Suit 630 is a purported global settlement
agreement (“the global settlement agreement”) reached by the parties at a
meeting held on 24 July 2012.[note: 5] Under the global settlement agreement,
the plaintiffs in Suit 630 were to repay various debts owed to Sunmax. In
exchange, Sunmax would return certain shares which it held as security for the
debts.

9 What is material for present purposes is that the defendant claims that the
advance amount was included as part of the global settlement agreement.[note:
6] The plaintiff, however, disputes this.[note: 7]

The parties’ submissions

The defendant’s arguments

10 In support of its application for a stay of the proceedings in favour of
arbitration, the defendant relied on the following grounds[note: 8]:

(a)

The dispute between the parties ought to be determined by way of arbitration
pursuant to the arbitration agreement found in Clause 7 of the Agreement;

(b)

The International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IAA”) is
applicable and thus, it is mandatory to stay the present proceedings;

(c)

Alternatively, if the IAA does not apply, there are sufficient grounds
warranting the court’s exercise of discretion to stay the present action under
the Arbitration Act (Cap 10, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the AA”).

The plaintiff’s arguments

11 On the other hand, the plaintiff argued that the stay application should be
dismissed for the following reasons. First, there was no dispute referable to
arbitration as the defendant had admitted unequivocally that it owes the
plaintiff the advance amount. The only dispute relied upon by the defendant
_vis-a-vis_ the advance amount relates to the global settlement agreement,
which according to the plaintiff, is separate and unrelated to the Agreement.
Accordingly, there is no dispute within the scope of the arbitration agreement
between the parties.[note: 9]

12 Second, the plaintiff submitted that a stay of the present proceedings in
favour of arbitration would result in a multiplicity of proceedings as the
existence of the global settlement agreement is the subject matter of Suit
630. Furthermore, the court has discretion to refuse to grant a stay of
proceedings under s 6(2) of the AA, which the plaintiff argued applied instead
of the IAA.

Issues before the court

13 In light of the foregoing, the following issues arose for my determination:

(a) Whether the IAA or the AA governs;

(b) Whether a valid dispute existed between the parties;

(c) If the answer to (b) is in the affirmative, whether the present
proceedings should be stayed in favour of arbitration;

Whether the IAA or the AA governs

The choice of the SIAC Rules in the arbitration agreement

14 In _Navigator Investment Services Ltd v Acclaim Insurance Brokers Pte Ltd_
[2010] 1 SLR 25 (“ _Navigator_ ”), the arbitrator clause provided that any
dispute was to be resolved “in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the
[SIAC] for the time being in force”. It was undisputed that this was a
reference to the SIAC Rules 2007. Rule 32 of the SIAC Rules 2007 provided
that:

Where the seat of arbitration is Singapore, the law of the arbitration under
these Rules [ie, the SIAC Rules 2007] shall be the International Arbitration
Act (Chapter 143A, 2002 Ed, Statutes of the Republic of Singapore) [ie, the
IAA] or its modification or re-enactment thereof.

15 The Court of Appeal in _Navigator_ was thus faced with the issue of whether
the reference to, as well as the incorporation of, the SIAC Rules 2007 was
sufficient to bring an arbitration commenced pursuant to the Arbitration
Clause within the purview of the IAA (see [34] of _Navigator_). Drawing
support from the cases of _NCC International AB v Alliance Concrete Pte Ltd_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 565 and _Smebawang Engineers and Constructors Pte Ltd v Covec
(Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 229, and in light of the fact that Rule 32 of
the SIAC Rules 2007 provided for the _lex_ _arbitri_ to be the IAA, the court
found at [35] that:

In our view, if the parties have agreed that the  _lex_ _arbitri_ is the IAA,
it is difficult to see how the parties can be said not to have agreed that the
IAA was to apply within the meaning of s 5(1) of the IAA.

16 In the present case, however, the reference to the “to the Arbitration
rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre for the time being in
force” is to the SIAC Rules 2010. Under the SIAC Rules 2010, the previous Rule
32 from the SIAC Rules 2007 has been deleted and under the new Rule 18, it is
no longer provided that the IAA will automatically apply to the conduct of the
arbitration proceedings where the seat of arbitration is Singapore (See
Richard Tan, Daniel Lim & Mervyn Cheong, “ _The New Arbitration Rules of the
Singapore International Arbitration Centre_ ” (Sep 2010) 59 IPBA Journal 16).
Absent the express choice of the parties, the governing legislation will
depend on whether the arbitration is international or domestic. In other
words, the default position is reinstated under the SIAC Rules 2010: the IAA
will apply only if one of the requirements of s 5(2) is satisfied.

S 5(2)(b)(ii) of the IAA

17 S 5(1) and (2) of the IAA reads as follows:

5.

—(1) This Part and the Model Law shall not apply to an arbitration which is
not an international arbitration unless the parties agree in writing that this
Part or the Model Law shall apply to that arbitration.

(2) Notwithstanding Article 1(3) of the Model Law, an arbitration is
international if —

(_a_) at least one of the parties to an arbitration agreement, at the time of
the conclusion of the agreement, has its place of business in any State other
than Singapore; or

(_b_) one of the following places is situated outside the State in which the
parties have their places of business:

(i) the place of arbitration if determined in, or pursuant to, the arbitration
agreement;

(ii) any place where a substantial part of the obligations of the commercial
relationship is to be performed or the place with which the subject-matter of
the dispute is most closely connected; or

(_c_) the parties have expressly agreed that the subject-matter of the
arbitration agreement relates to more than one country.

18 As it is undisputed that the parties both have their place of business in
Singapore, and there is no express agreement that the subject-matter of the
arbitration agreement relates to more than one country, the parties focused
their arguments on whether s 5(2)(b)(ii) of the IAA was satisfied. In other
words, the crucial question was whether “a substantial part of the obligations
of the commercial relationship” or “the place with which the subject-matter of
the dispute is most closely connected with”, can be said to be outside of
Singapore.

19 The defendant contended that as the essence of the Agreement is to record
the understanding between the parties in relation to the _project_ , which
involves the development of land in Washington State in the United States, the
subject matter of the dispute is foreign and thus, the IAA ought to apply. On
the plaintiff’s part, it contended that the Agreement ought not to be confused
with the Joint Development Agreement. Under the former, the main obligation is
the payment of $1,350,000 from the plaintiff to the defendant. This obligation
was performed in Singapore not elsewhere and thus, the IAA was not applicable.

20 In _Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co Ltd v PSA Corp Ltd and anor_
[2003] 1 SLR(R) 446 (“ _Mitsui_ ”), the High Court made clear at [27] that:

... s 5(2)(b)(ii) refers to "_any_ place where a substantial part of the
obligations of the commercial relationship is to be performed" [emphasis
added] and not the place of substantial performance.

21 In the Hong Kong High Court case of _Fung Sang Trading Ltd v Kai Sun Sea
Products & Food Co Ltd_ [1992] 1 HKLR 40 (cited with approval in _Mitsui_),
Kaplan J opined at 48 that in order to determine where a substantial part of
the obligations of the commercial relationship is to be performed, “one has to
take a much wider view and look at _the position as at the date the contract
is entered_ into and see what obligations each party has to perform under
_that_ contract” (emphasis added).

22 Likewise, in Leslie Chew, _Introduction to the Law and Practice of
Arbitration in Singapore_ (Singapore: LexisNexis, 2010) at 17, the learned
author opined that:

Thus, the analysis of the contractual obligations for the purposes of
determining the internationality of the arbitral dispute under section 5 of
the IAA, must include a detailed investigation of the contractual obligations
under consideration...

23 In my view, the material question in the present case is: _what are the
obligations under the Agreement_ entered into by the parties on 12 March 2012.
Framed in this light, the answer becomes evident once one considers Clause 2
of the Agreement (which shall be set out in full for the ease of reference):

2\. **Objective of this Agreement**

2.1 The Parties have mutually agreed to enter into this Agreement to record
their principles of agreement and certain commitments in relation to the
Project. Such principles of agreement and commitments shall form the basis for
the negotiation of the Joint Development Agreement and any other definitive
agreements that implement the Project, but, _except for clauses 3 (Advance), 6
(Termination), 7 (Dispute Resolution) and 9 (Confidentiality)_ ,_this
Agreement is not intended to be a binding legal commitment of either party
with respect to the Project._

2.2 IPCO agrees to procure the agreement and commitments of Brentwood, Asia
Plan, Capri and any other relevant parties to this Agreement, the Joint
Development Agreement and any other definitive agreement to implement the
Project.

[Emphasis added]

24 In contractual parlance, Clause 2 makes clear that in-so-far as the
obligations of the parties in relation to the project are concerned, this is
“subject to contract” and no binding legal obligations can be said to arise
_vis-a-vis_ the Project. I would further note, in light of the Court of Appeal
decision in _Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Newport Mining Ltd_
[2011] 4 SLR 617, that there is nothing in the factual circumstances which
suggests otherwise.

25 Thus, in my view, in determining the obligations of the parties under the
Agreement for the purposes of s 5(2)(b)(ii) of the IAA, it is not open to the
court to, as the defendant contends, take into account the obligations under
the Joint Development Agreement which will implement the project. Put starkly,
the Agreement and the Joint Development Agreement are separate contracts, with
separate obligations. Furthermore, as the recital and Definition and
Interpretation clause of the Agreement reveals, it is envisaged that other
parties, on top of the plaintiff and defendant, would enter into the Joint
Development Agreement in order to facilitate the implementation of the
project.

26 What then were the obligations of the parties under the Agreement? As
evinced by Clause 3.1 of the Agreement, it was simply that in consideration
for the plaintiff paying the advance amount to the defendant, the defendant
would grant the plaintiff the right to participate in the joint development of
the project. Additionally, in the event the Agreement lapses, the advance
amount was to be repaid within five (5) working days (Clause 3.2 of the
Agreement). These were the only obligations of the parties under the
Agreement.

27 In light of the above, given that both parties had their places of business
in Singapore, the advance amount was denominated in Singapore dollars and
payment was made in Singapore, I find that the obligations of the parties
under the Agreement were performed in Singapore alone. Accordingly, s
5(2)(b)(ii) of the IAA is not satisfied and the governing legislation in the
present case ought to be the AA.

Whether the court ought to stay the proceedings under the AA

28 S 6(2) of the AA states:

2) The court to which an application has been made in accordance with
subsection (1) may, if the court is satisfied that —

(a) there is no sufficient reason why the matter should not be referred in
accordance with the arbitration agreement; and

(b) the applicant was, at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and
still remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary to the proper
conduct of the arbitration,

make an order, upon such terms as the court thinks fit, staying the
proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

29 In the case of _Dalian Hualiang Enterprise Group Co Ltd v Louis Dreyfus
Asia Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 646 (“ _Dalian_ ”), the High Court held at [74]
that under s 6(2) of the AA:

...the court may determine if there is _in fact a dispute_ before deciding to
order a stay, although the court should not examine the validity of the
dispute as though the stay application is an application for summary judgment.
Accordingly, as I have said, the position under Singapore domestic Arbitration
Act is similar to the pre-1996 position in England.

[Emphasis added]

30 This is in contrast to the position under the IAA where once there is a
dispute, a stay must be ordered unless the arbitration agreement is null and
void, inoperative or incapable of being performed, and the court is not to
consider if there is _in fact_ a dispute or whether there is a genuine dispute
(see [75] of _Dalian_).

Whether there is a dispute

31 In its submissions, the plaintiff contended that there is no dispute in the
present case as there has been a clear and unequivocal admission by the
defendant that it owed the advance amount and thus, the court ought to refuse
to grant a stay as the subject matter of the present proceedings fell outside
the terms of the arbitration agreement. In support of its contention that
there has been a clear and unequivocal admission, the plaintiff pointed to Tan
Rajah & Cheah’s (“TRC”) 2nd letter of 31 July 2012[note: 10]. TRC are the
defendant’s solicitors in the present proceedings and the contents of the
letter evinced that a cashier’s order in the sum of S$1,350,000 was provided
by the defendant to the plaintiff in an attempted repayment.

32 What the plaintiff failed to point out, however, was that the cashier’s
order was returned on 30 August 2012 under the cover of the Rodyk & Davidson’s
(defendant’s solicitors) dated 30 August 2012[note: 11].

33 During oral arguments, when asked to define the dispute as he saw it in the
present proceedings, counsel for the defendants, Mr Sithawalla, framed the
dispute as thus:

Whether the S$1,350,000 is due under the Agreement as it is the subject matter
of the global settlement agreement.

34 Indeed, during oral arguments, both parties did not dispute that the main
issue in the present proceedings was whether the advance amount was part of
the global settlement agreement (“the main issue”). The only question was
whether the main issue constituted a dispute falling within the scope of the
arbitration agreement.

35 In _Uni-Navigation Pte Ltd v Wei Loong Shipping Pte Ltd_ 1992] 3 SLR(R) 595
(“ _Uni-Navigation_ ”), in finding that there was dispute within the ambit of
an arbitration clause governed by the AA, the High Court held at [16] and [17]
that:

16 The common form arbitration agreement provides for disputes to be decided
by arbitrators. In such a case the court should, save in obvious cases, adopt
_a holistic and commonsense approach_ to see if there is a dispute. The
justification for this approach is that it is important to hold a party to his
agreement and avoid double and split hearing of matters...

17 If the defendant, therefore, makes out a prima facie case of disputes the
courts should not embark on an examination of the validity of the dispute as
though it were an application for summary judgment.

(Emphasis added)

36 The approach taken by the High Court in _Uni-Navigation_ was subsequently
accepted by the Court of Appeal in _Kwan Im Tong Chinese Temple and anor v
Fong Choon Hung Construction Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 401 (“ _Kwan Im Tong_
”), where the court went on to clarify at [15] that it is the party resisting
the stay of proceedings to show that there is no dispute.

37 In _Dalian_ , the defendant (“LD”) applying for a stay of the proceedings
in favour of arbitration argued that even if there was an admission that it
owed the claimed sum to the plaintiffs, it could nevertheless claim a set-off
from a running account _vis-a-vis_ a different company by the name of
Guangdong Fuhong Edible Oil Co Ltd (“Fuhong”). According to LD, Fuhong was a
close trading partner of the plaintiffs and was treated as part of the
plaintiffs’ group of companies at all material times in so far as the running
account was concerned.

38 The court in _Dalian_ found at [30] that on the facts, there was an
admission by LD that it owed the claimed sum to the plaintiffs but for the
set-off claim against Fuhong. However, it went on to find that the set-off
issue was not a dispute falling within the arbitration agreement for the
following reasons:

(a) The dispute under the contract with Fuhong (“the Fuhong contract”) was
separate and distinct from the dispute under the contract between the
plaintiffs and LD;

(b)

The plaintiffs were not party to the Fuhong contract;

(c)

The issue of whether there was a running account was unrelated to the very
transaction under the contract between the plaintiffs and LD.

39 In coming to its conclusion, the court in _Dalian_ was influenced greatly
by its view (evinced at [29]) that the dispute under the two contracts (the
main contract and the Fuhong contract) were entirely unrelated.

40 In my view, however, the case of _Dalian_ may be distinguished from the
case before me. Unlike in _Dalian_ , the terms of the purported global
settlement agreement encompass _inter alia_ , the settlement of the advance
amount, albeit this is disputed. In that sense, there is at least a nexus
between the dispute in Suit 630 involving the global settlement agreement and
the subject matter of the present proceedings, _i.e._ the advance amount. That
there is such a nexus is not based on the bald assertions of the defendant but
is borne out to some extent by the evidence that was before me. For instance,
the defendant referred me to Quah’s 2nd affidavit, which contained at exhibit
QSL- 6 a table prepared by Li Hua[note: 12], setting out the salient terms and
parties involved in the global settlement agreement. The defendant is listed
in the table alongside the sum of $1,350,000.00.

41 Additionally, while the parties are not party to the global settlement
agreement, the defendant pointed me to the relevant ACRA searches which
revealed that Li Hua, the 2nd defendant in Suit 630 and one of the main
protagonists in both proceedings, is the husband of one of the two directors
of the plaintiff and a relative of the other director. Indeed, as pointed out
by the defendant, it is interesting to note that Li Hua has filed an affidavit
on behalf of the plaintiff when he is neither a director nor shareholder of
the plaintiff.

42 In light of the foregoing, adopting a “holistic and commonsense approach”,
I am of the view that at the very least, it can be said that the disputes and
the parties in Suit 630 involving the global settlement agreement, and the
present proceedings, are closely intertwined. Bearing in mind that the cases
have consistently held that the phrase “any dispute” should be given a wide
interpretation (see for example _Dalian_ at [29]), I therefore find that there
exists a dispute in the present proceedings falling within the ambit of the
arbitration agreement.

Are there any other sufficient reasons why the matter should not be referred
to arbitration?

The risk of multiplicity of proceedings

43 The inquiry, however, does not end here. S 6(2)(a) of the AA empowers the
court to examine whether there are any “sufficient reason” why the matter
should not be referred in accordance with the arbitration agreement.

44 In _Cars & Cars Pte Ltd v Volkswagen AG and anor_ [2010] 1 SLR 625 (“ _Cars
& Cars_”) at [48], the High Court noted that while multiplicity of proceedings
is not wholly decisive, it is a strong factor for refusing a stay. The court
went on to make the following observations at [48]:

The question then is, what grounds could justify granting or refusing a stay
where there is risk of multiplicity of proceedings. I would venture to suggest
that one such ground is that parties should normally be held to their
contractual agreements (see also Taunton-Collins v Cromie [1964] 1 WLR 633 at
637). A risk of multiplicity of proceedings alone will not automatically mean
that a stay must be granted or denied, especially when parties have by
contractual agreement deliberately arranged their dispute resolution
procedures in such a fashion that almost inevitably such risks would
materialise. Another ground on which a stay could be granted or denied despite
the presence of risk of multiplicity of proceedings is when the needs of
justice outweigh the risk of multiplicity. Therefore, in Yee Hong Pte Ltd v
Tan Chye Hee Andrew[2005] 4 SLR(R) 398 at [43], the learned judge stayed
proceedings in favour of arbitration despite the risk of multiplicity of
proceedings because the judge found that "justice would be best served if the
three parties proceeded to determine their respective claims, defences and
counterclaims if any".

45 In _Cars & Cars_, the appellant and the 1st respondent had entered into an
Importer Agreement granting the appellant the right to import and distribute
Volkswagen cars in Singapore. As the respondents later become desirous of
importing the Volkswagen cars directly on their own, the parties entered into
four written agreement to facilitate their parting of ways. All four
agreements had significantly different dispute resolution clauses (see [44]
and [50] of _Cars & Cars_).

46 In rejecting the appellant’s argument that the refusal to grant a stay
would lead to a risk of multiplicity of proceedings, the court had regard to
the following material grounds:

(a) The parties had expressly chosen to enter into four separate agreements
with significantly different dispute resolution clauses, each worded
differently. The court found that the parties could have foreseen that there
would be a risk of multiplicity and inconsistent decisions should disputes
arise out of these agreements and thus, ought to be held to their respective
contractual bargains under the different agreements (see _Cars & Cars_ at
[50]);

(b) It would be unjust if the appellant was released from the arbitration
agreement that it freely entered into with the second respondent as the risk
of multiplicity can be said to be induced by the way the appellant had chosen
to bring its claims (see _Cars & Cars_ at [52] and [53].

47 In my view, however, the considerations in _Cars & Cars_ are not applicable
to the present proceedings. First, unlike in _Cars & Cars_ where the parties
had contemporaneously entered into four separate written agreements providing
for four different dispute resolution mechanisms, the parties in the present
proceedings had first entered into the Agreement, only for relations to
subsequently unravel as a result of an unforeseen turn of events. A global
settlement agreement was thus entered into, which purported to address a whole
host of issues including, _inter alia_ , the dispute over the advance amount
under the Agreement. It certainly cannot be said that the parties could have
foreseen what has transpired and thus, ought to be straitjacketed to their
contractual bargain.

48 Second, and as pointed out at [34] above, in the present proceedings, the
parties are in agreement that the main issue in the present proceedings was
whether the advance amount was part of the global settlement agreement. The
situation thus differs from that in _Cars & Cars_ in that it cannot be said
that the risk of multiplicity was self-servingly brought about by the party
seeking to resist arbitration. Indeed, as pointed out by the plaintiff at [75]
of its written submissions, it is the defendant itself, the stay applicant,
which has on its own case attempted to tie the issues arising out of Suit 630
with the present proceedings.

49 Furthermore, as pointed out by the plaintiff at [76] of its written
submissions, Quah, the defendant’s CEO, is one of the plaintiffs who commenced
Suit 630. Interestingly, the defendant’s affidavits in the present proceedings
were also deposed to by Quah. Thus it may at least be suggested that the risk
of multiplicity was, in the present proceedings, brought about by the actions
of the stay applicant itself. In light of the above, it certainly cannot be
said that injustice would be caused to the defendant if the court refuses to
grant a stay.

50 Accordingly, I dismiss the defendant’s application for a stay of the
present proceedings in favour of arbitration.

Consolidation

51 Instead, I am minded to order that the present proceedings be consolidated
with Suit 630. O 4 r 1(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R5, 2006 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules of Court”) provides:

Where 2 or more causes of matters are pending, then, if it appears to the
Court –

(a) That some common question of law or fact arises in both or all of them;

(b) That the rights to relief claimed therein are in respect of or arise out
of the same transaction or series of transactions; or

(c) That for some other reason it is desirable to make an order under this
Rule,

the Court may order those causes or matters to be consolidated on such terms
as it thinks just or may order them to be tried at the same time or one
immediately after another or may order any of them to be stayed until after
the determination of any other of them.

52 The purpose of consolidation is to save time and expense which would
otherwise be unnecessarily expended by the maintenance of separate suits.
There are also practical considerations such as the possibility of
inconsistent judgments if two differently constituted courts hear the actions
separately. (See _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler gen ed)
(LexisNexis, 2009) at para 4/1/1).

53 As I pointed out at [42] above, at the very least, it may be said that the
present proceedings and the proceedings in Suit 630 are closely intertwined.
It can also be readily appreciated from the foregoing discussion that it can
be said that either common questions of law or fact arise in both suits, or
that the reliefs claimed in both suits arise out of the same transaction or
series of transactions. There also appears to me to be no barriers to an order
for consolidation as the plaintiffs and defendants in both suits are different
(see _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“the White
Book”) at 4/1/1). Furthermore, I note that the solicitors for the plaintiff in
the present proceedings are in fact the solicitors for the defendants in Suit
630, while the solicitors for the defendant are the solicitors of the
plaintiffs in Suit 630. I am thus minded to make a full consolidation order.

54 I am further reassured in my decision to order full consolidation by the
fact that during oral arguments, I had asked counsel for the defendant, Mr
Sithawalla, whether in light of the circumstances, consolidation of the
present proceedings with Suit 630 might be preferable to a stay in favour of
arbitration. Picking up on this, in his oral submissions, counsel for the
plaintiff, Mr Low, after highlighting that a stay in favour of arbitration
could lead to a multiplicity of proceedings, indicated that he was willing to
undertake to apply to consolidate both disputes. Accordingly, I asked Mr
Sithawalla during his reply for his response to Mr Low’s willingness to
consolidate. He indicated that he was amenable to consolidation, albeit he had
to seek his client’s instructions.

55 Finally, for completeness, I should also note that after the oral hearing,
I had directed the defendant to write to the plaintiff’s solicitors to update
the plaintiff on the defendant’s position _apropos_ consolidation. I had
further directed that the parties were to update the court on the progress of
the matter by 12 November 2012 4pm. After reviewing the correspondence filed
by the parties, it would appear that the defendant is now taking the position
that there ought to be no consolidation but that the present proceedings
should merely be stayed pending the determination of Suit 630. The plaintiff
continues to take the position that the proceedings ought to be consolidated.
In light of this, I shall proceed with my orders.

Conclusion

56 In light of the foregoing, the defendant’s application is dismissed. It is
ordered that the present Suit (Suit 729 of 2012/E) be consolidated with Suit
630 of 2012/P and do proceed as one action and it is further ordered that the
title of Suit 630 of 2012/P be amended by adding to it the title of Suit 729
of 2012/E and that all subsequent documents be filed in Suit 630 of 2012/P.

57 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]See Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at [1]

[note: 2]See Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim (“SOC”) at [2]

[note: 3]See the Agreement at recital and at Clause 2.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]See [9] of the 2nd Affidavit of Quah

[note: 6]See [10] of the 2nd Affidavit of Quah

[note: 7]See [11] of the Affidavit of Li Hua

[note: 8]See defendant’s written submissions at pg 4

[note: 9]See Plaintiff’s written submissions at [2]

[note: 10]See exhibit 7, pg 37, of 2nd affidavit of Quah

[note: 11]See 2nd affidavit of Quah at [17] and exhibit 9 at pg 60

[note: 12]See exhibit 6 of 2nd affidavit of Quah at pg 16

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

