Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Nanyang Law LLC _v_ Alphomega Research Group Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 184

Case Number| :| Suit No 540 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeals Nos 156, 161 and 170
of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wendell Wong and Brenda Lim (Drew & Napier LLC) for the
plaintiff in counterclaim; Prakash Mulani (M & A Law Corporation) for the
liquidators of the plaintiff in counterclaim; Kirindeep Singh and Ng Hui Min
(Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the first and second defendants in counterclaim;
Andrew Ang Chee Kwang and Andrea Tan (PK Wong & Associates LLC) for the fourth
defendant in counterclaim; Tham Wei Chern and Joel Lim Junwei (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the fifth defendant in counterclaim; Adrian Wee Heng Yi
(Characterist LLC) for Tan Choon Yong, the non-party.  
Parties| :|  Nanyang Law LLC — Alphomega Research Group Ltd  
  
10 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 These applications concerned one Dr Tan Choon Yong (“Dr Tan”), an unusual
party (the non-party) in an unusual situation. The story began as long ago as
2008 when Dr Tan commenced an action in Suit 49 of 2008 against the majority
shareholders in Alphomega Research Group Ltd (“Alphomega”) (the plaintiff in
the counterclaim in this suit – Suit 540 of 2009). Dr Tan was then represented
by Drew & Napier LLC. Alphomega was represented, first by the first defendant
in the counterclaim, Nanyang Law LLC, and then by Sterling Law Corporation.

2 In Suit No 49 of 2008, Tan Lee Meng J found in favour of Dr Tan at trial and
the majority shareholders were ordered to buy over Dr Tan’s shareholding in
Alphomega. What transpired thereafter was the reverse. Dr Tan bought over the
shareholding of his opponents instead. When its fees were not paid, Nanyang
Law LLC sued in this action for payment. It obtained judgment in default in
July 2009. Dr Tan was re-appointed a director of Alphomega on 28 September
2009 and the company obtained a court order setting aside the judgment in
default and proceeded to pursue a counterclaim against Nanyang Law LLC and
various parties involved.

3 The defendants in the counterclaim applied for security for costs against
Alphomega. Those applications were dismissed by the Assistant Registrar on the
ground that it was more likely than not that Alphomega would be able to meet
any cost orders that may be made against it, but on appeal, further evidence
showed that Alphomega was indeed insolvent. Consequently, an order for
security for costs was ordered in respect of the applications by the
defendants in the counterclaim. On its failure to pay up a debt set out in a
statutory demand by a creditor, Habib Ali, Alphomega was ordered to be wound
up on 22 September 2011. Dr Tan’s application for judicial management was
dismissed. Alphomega had applied for further arguments but a liquidator was
appointed before the hearing and no further action was proceeded with. The
only issue remaining concerned costs. In this regard Dr Tan was named a “non-
party” because the first, second, fourth and fifth defendants in the
counterclaim sought to have an order for costs made against him personally.

4 Counsel for the defendants in the counterclaim relied on _DB Trustees (Hong
Kong) Ltd v Consult Asia Pte Ltd_ _and another appeal_ [2010] 3 SLR 542 (“ _DB
Trustees_ ”) for the proposition that they were here entitled to costs against
the non-party Dr Tan because the latter had a close connection with the case
and was the main director and shareholder of Alphomega. It seemed to me that
counsel read too much into _DB Trustees_. The Court of Appeal in _DB Trustees_
enunciated the basic principle that costs is always discretionary and, thus,
there should be no fixed rule that unless notice had been given to him, a non-
party to an action cannot have an order of costs made against him (see [47]).
The court in _DB Trustees_ also relied on the Privy Council decision in
_Dymocks Franchise Systems (NSW) Pty Ltd v Todd_ [2004] 1 WLR 2807 and
concluded that the “core consideration in relation to the court’s exercise of
discretion in ordering costs against a non-party is that it must be _just_ ,
in all the circumstances of the case to do so”.

5 I accept that all that was held in the decisions cited above were the
principles that the court ought to consider before ordering or refusing to
order costs against a non-party. There is also another equally important
general principle to bear in mind, namely that by ordering costs against a
non-party who is a shareholder and director of an impecunious litigant
company, the court pierces the corporate veil. The law is replete with
examples of when the corporate veil might be pierced. It suffices for me to
say that it is not an order the court would be quick to make. Hence, being the
managing director alone, and thus, having a substantial connection to the case
is only one of the many factors the court would take into account. It is also
not a principle of law that where a litigant company is unable to pay costs
the successful party can look to the person with a close connection to it and
the litigation for costs. Much of the law that permits the corporate veil to
be lifted concerns fraud or highly unconscionable conduct. I am not here
setting new law but generalising the principle that the company is a separate
entity from its members. Exceptions are what exceptions are — not too many as
to upstage the general rule, enough so as to prove it. In this case, the
defendants in counterclaim alleged that Dr Tan was the person who was directly
connected to the counterclaim and thus he ought to bear the costs himself. I
am of the view that the evidence was inferential, but the defendants did not
rebut Dr Tan’s affidavit in which he maintained that he was not the only
director of Alphomega. In any event, a decision to sue that turned out to be
unwise is not in itself adequate grounds to impose costs personally against
the voice behind the veil. It was also important here that the solicitor for
the liquidators of Alphomega, Mr Prakash Mulani, had asked for leave to
withdraw the counterclaim and that his presence at the hearing for costs be
dispensed with. Counsel for the defendants in the counterclaim did not object.
Leave was thus granted to Alphomega to withdraw its counterclaim and for its
counsel to be excused thereafter. Consequently, the liquidator took no
position regarding payment of costs by Dr Tan. It seemed unusual that the
liquidators would not join in support of the application because if an order
was so made, the pool of money to be shared amongst the creditors would
naturally be higher. The only affidavit filed for the costs application was
that of Dr Tan.

6 Taking into account the matters referred to above, I was not persuaded that
it would be just to order the non-party to bear the costs. The application
that costs be paid by the non-party was therefore dismissed with costs to the
non-party.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

