Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd _v_ Lim Eng Hock Peter and others and other
appeals  
[2012] SGCA 62

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 108, 109 and 110 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ang Cheng Hock SC, William Ong, Ramesh Selvaraj, Kristy
Tan and Lim Dao Kai (Allen & Gledhill LLP) for RTC (appellant in CA109/2010;
1st respondent in CA110/2010); Thio Shen Yi SC, Collin Seah, Adeline Chung
(TSMP Law Corporation) for PL (as 3rd respondent in CA108/2010 and 1st
respondent in CA109/2010); Alvin Yeo SC, Koh Swee Yen and Suegene Ang
(WongPartnership LLP) for PL (as appellant in CA110/2010); Harry Elias SC,
Michael Palmer, Andy Lem and Toh Wei Yi (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for LA
and WT (1st and 2nd appellants in CA108/2010; 2nd and 3rd respondents in
CA109/2010; 4th and 5th respondents in CA110/2010); Johnny Cheo (Cheo Yeoh &
Associates LLC) for DF (4th respondent in CA108/2010; 4th respondent in
CA109/2010); Chelva Retnam Rajah SC and Burton Chen (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for MT
and LJW (1st and 2nd respondents in CA108/2010; 2nd and 3rd respondents in
CA110/2010).  
Parties| :|  Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd — Lim Eng Hock Peter and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 163.]

31 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These three appeals arose from the decision of a High Court Judge (“the
Judge”) dismissing all the claims, counterclaims and third party claims in
Suit No 46 of 2006 (“S 46/2006”) (see _Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd v Lim Eng
Hock Peter and others (Tung Yu-Lien Margaret and others, third parties)_
[2010] SGHC 163 (“the Judgment”)).

Background to these proceedings

2 These proceedings are the latest and, it is to be hoped, the last instalment
of litigation between the various parties involved in the formation of a
proprietary social club known as Raffles Town Club (“the Club”), and its
subsequent travails. The Club was, from its inception, owned and operated by a
company called “Raffles Town Club Limited”. The company was incorporated in
Singapore on 11 July 1996 as a public limited company, but it was subsequently
converted into a private exempt company and renamed “Raffles Town Club Pte
Ltd” (“RTC”) on 5 November 1997. In S 46/2006, the claims brought by RTC (at
the instance of its current shareholders) against its former directors were
for, _inter alia_ , breach of directors’ duties concerning their conduct _vis-
à-vis_ the members of the Club and RTC prior to 5 November 1997. At all
material times, the former directors were also the shareholders of RTC.

3 In the course of inviting members of the public to join the Club in 1996,
RTC had represented that the Club would be a “premier” and “exclusive” club.
The membership drive was successful far beyond the expectations of RTC,
following which the Club acquired 19,048 members, making it the largest social
club in Singapore. This huge number (which for ease of reference will
hereafter be referred to as “the 19,000 members”) was never disclosed to the
members of the Club until litigation between the current and former
shareholders of RTC in Suit No 742 of 2000 arose. The disclosure led 4,885
members of the Club to commence a class action against RTC in 2001 for
damages, claiming, _inter alia_ , that RTC was in breach of contract in
failing to provide a “premier” and “exclusive” club.

4 The members’ class action was dismissed by the High Court (see _Tan Chin
Seng & Others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] SGHC 278). On appeal, this
Court reversed the decision of the High Court and found RTC liable for damages
for breach of contract (see _Tan Chin Seng and others v Raffles Town Club Pte
Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307). The decision entailed RTC having to pay similar
compensation to other members of the Club who had not joined in the class
action, but to whom similar representations had been made. Damages for the
loss of amenities suffered by the members as a result of the Club having too
many members were subsequently assessed at $3,000 for each member. As RTC did
not have sufficient cash to pay the total damages payable to the members, the
directors and shareholders proposed and eventually obtained the sanction of
the court to a scheme of arrangement (“the Scheme of Arrangement”) by which
those damages would be fully satisfied by partial payment of cash and
consumption of food and beverage and the use of chargeable facilities provided
by the Club over a specified period of time. The Scheme of Arrangement cost
RTC about $53mil.

5 Subsequently, proceedings were brought by some former directors against the
current directors of RTC seeking damages for defamation in relation to certain
statements published in connection with the Scheme of Arrangement. These
proceedings resulted in the current directors being found liable by this Court
(see _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another appeal_ [2010]
4 SLR 331 and _Lim Eng Hock Peter v Lin Jian Wei and another and another
appeal_ [2010] 4 SLR 357).

6 The material facts of the appeals before us are set out fully in the
Judgment at [3]–[31]. RTC was the plaintiff while its former directors were
the defendants. Peter Lim (“PL”), the 1st defendant, was sued in his capacity
as a _de facto_ director of RTC at all material times. The 2nd defendant,
Lawrence Ang (“LA”) was a director of RTC from 10 October 1996 to 18 May 2001
and a director of a company known as Europa Holdings Pte Ltd (“EH”) from 29
November 1993 to 13 May 2001. William Tan (“WT”), the 3rd defendant, was a
director of RTC from 18 January 1997 to 1 October 1998 and a director of EH
from 27 November 1992 to 1 October 1998. Dennis Foo (“DF”), the 4th defendant,
was a director of RTC from 11 July 1996 to 12 September 2000 and a director of
EH from 29 November 1993 to 30 April 2001.

7 PL, LA, WT and DF were also shareholders of RTC and EH at all material
times. For ease of reference, these individuals shall hereafter be
collectively referred to as “the Former Directors”.

8 Margaret Tung (“MT”) and Lin Jian Wei (“LJW”), the 1st and 2nd third parties
in the proceedings, are the current directors and shareholders of RTC. MT
became a shareholder of RTC on 12 May 2001 and was appointed to the board of
directors of RTC on 30 April 2001. LJW became a shareholder of RTC on 12 May
2001 and was appointed to the board of directors of RTC on 26 June 2001. LJW’s
wife, one Zhang Shi Qing, was a shareholder of RTC from 20 June 2001 to 16
September 2004 and a director of RTC from 26 June 2001 to 16 September 2004.

RTC’s claims against the Former Directors

9 RTC’s claims against the Former Directors were for losses suffered by RTC or
benefits acquired by the latter, by reason of the following acts allegedly
committed by them:

(a) misrepresenting to the 19,000 members that the Club would be a “premier”
and “exclusive” club, thereby causing RTC to be liable to pay damages
amounting to $3,000 per member for such misrepresentation;

(b) causing RTC to pay management fees of $78,267,723.80 (hereafter referred
to as “$78mil”) to EH pursuant to a Management Agreement dated 28 September
1996 (“the MA”);

(c) causing RTC to pay to themselves excessive directors’ fees, expenses and
consultancy/incentive fees amounting to about $15mil; and

(d) causing RTC to transfer to a subsidiary company, Raffles Town Club
(International) Ltd (“RTCI”), the sum of $33mil which the Former Directors
applied to earn interest for themselves.

10 RTC claims that in causing RTC in their capacity as directors to do all of
the said acts, the Former Directors were in breach of their duties as
directors of RTC in the following respects:

(a) the duty to act in good faith and in the best interests of RTC;

(b) the fiduciary duty of loyalty;

(c) the duty to exercise reasonable care and skill in the discharge of their
managerial functions and responsibilities;

(d) the duty to act with due care and diligence; and

(e) the duty to act honestly and use reasonable diligence in the discharge of
their duties pursuant to s 157 of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)
(“the Companies Act”).

11 LA and WT denied these allegations and claimed against MT and LJW by way of
a third party notice for, _inter alia_ , damages for breach of an agreement
dated 6 June 2001 and a deed dated 18 February 2002 by causing and/or
conspiring with RTC to commence S 46/2006 to injure them.

12 Similarly for PL, while denying these allegations against him, PL took out
a third party notice against MT and LJW seeking, _inter alia_ , an indemnity
or contribution in the event that RTC succeeded in its claims against him, and
damages for causing and/or conspiring with RTC to commence S 46/2006 to injure
him.

13 At the end of the 87-day trial, the Judge dismissed RTC’s claims against
the Former Directors, LA’s, WT’s and PL’s claims against MT and LJW in the
third party proceedings as well as all other associated counterclaims arising
therefrom. The appeals before us, _viz_ , Civil Appeal No 108 of 2010 (“CA
108/2010”), Civil Appeal No 109 of 2010 (“CA 109/2010”) and Civil Appeal No
110 of 2010 (“CA 110/2010”), are the appeals of the relevant parties against
the Judge’s decisions. We shall consider each of them, starting with CA
109/2010 which is the main appeal before us.

CA 109/2010

14 This is RTC’s appeal against the dismissal of its claims against the Former
Directors for the various breaches of directors’ duties as set out at [9]–[10]
above. We will now consider RTC’s arguments and the Judge’s findings and
rulings on these claims.

Were the Former Directors in breach of their duties to RTC in accepting over
19,000 applicants as members of the Club?

15 The alleged breaches of directors’ duties by the Former Directors under
this head may be summarised as follows:

(a) that they dishonestly perpetrated a fraud on the 19,000 members by falsely
representing to them that the Club would be a “premier” and “exclusive” club
(when a club of such quality would not have more than 7,000 members);

(b) that, alternatively, they acted negligently in that no reasonable director
would have believed that accepting more than 19,000 applicants would not cause
RTC harm once the membership figures were revealed (the harm suffered being
the damages which RTC would have to pay the members of the Club for failing to
provide recreational and social facilities associated with an “exclusive” and
“premier” club).

16 The Judge rejected both these allegations. In respect of the first
allegation, the Judge held that the evidence did not show that the Former
Directors had failed to act honestly and in good faith towards the members of
the Club _._ In respect of the second allegation, the Judge held that it could
not be said that “the reasonable man in the position of the [Former Directors]
exercising due care and diligence would not have done what the [Former
Directors] did” (see the Judgment at [106]).

17 Before us, RTC has reiterated the same allegations and arguments rejected
by the Judge. We agree with the Judge’s findings on the facts and his
conclusion on the law. However, in our view, there is a more direct and
simpler basis for dismissing RTC’s claim and this appeal (_ie_ , CA 109/2010).
Even if RTC’s allegations were true, its claim for damages was entirely
misconceived. The claim made no commercial sense, and missed the wood for the
trees. The claim, if allowed, would produce an absurd outcome as it would mean
that the more members (and therefore the more subscription moneys) the Former
Directors procured for RTC, the more egregious their breach of duties to RTC
would be. However, the truth of the matter is that the more applicants the
Former Directors accepted as members of the Club, the greater the financial
benefit would accrue to RTC. Accordingly, their alleged misconduct in
accepting the 19,000 members for the Club was entirely for the benefit of RTC,
and therefore must be in the interests of RTC. In accepting over 19,000
membership applications rather than 7,000 at the entrance fee of $28,000 per
member, the Former Directors substantially increased RTC’s revenues from
$196mil (_ie_ , 7,000 x $28,000) to around $532mil (_ie_ , 19,000 x $28,000) –
a staggering increase of around $336mil.

18 Even assuming that the Former Directors had exposed RTC to claims for
damages by the members of the Club in having misrepresented to them that they
would be joining an “exclusive” and “premier” club (whatever these expressions
were intended to mean), their actions nevertheless made RTC richer in the sum
of $336mil. Thus, reduced to its essence, RTC’s claim is based on the absurd
proposition that the Former Directors would not have breached their duties to
RTC if they had collected $196mil in membership fees for RTC, but that they
were in breach because they had collected around $532mil instead! In our view,
the Judge therefore need not have undertaken a long and arduous examination of
the evidence in order to find for the Former Directors on this claim.

Was the MA a sham and were the management fees excessive?

19 RTC claimed that the MA (see [9(b)] above) was a sham because it was
designed to siphon off RTC’s funds by backdating and paying over excessive
fees to EH for services rendered to RTC under the MA. According to RTC, the
Former Directors resorted to this device because they could not apply the
excess cash held in RTC to pay out dividends as the subscription moneys
received from the 19,000 members had yet to be recognised as profits in RTC’s
accounts. At [110] of the Judgment, the Judge summarised RTC’s argument on
this issue as follows:

110 [RTC] strenuously argued that the [MA] was a “sham” agreement, conceived
in mid-1997 as an afterthought. Its case is that the [Former Directors]
realized in 1997 that they were “sitting on” a goldmine. However, [RTC] was
unable to recognise the entrance fees as income until after the Club had
opened. Without income, there could be no profits to speak of and the [Former
Directors] would not be able to draw out the funds legally as dividends since
dividends have to be declared out of profits under s 403 of the Companies Act.
As RTC was not a private exempt company at that point of time, the [Former
Directors] would also be unable to take loans from RTC. According to [RTC],
the [Former Directors] thus hatched a plan to siphon out the monies via a sham
[MA].

20 RTC also argued that the quantum of the management fees was grossly
excessive as EH did not perform many of its obligations under the MA, and that
the documentary evidence showed the following:

(a) EH did not pay for all costs and expenses amounting to $2,579,923
(incurred in connection with the marketing and promotional campaign) as
obliged under the MA.

(b) EH did not “formulate, present … a suitable press relations programme …
and a proposed time-table and budget covering all advertising, promotional
materials and public relations costs and expenses” as required of it under cl
5 of the MA, and also did not “advise on and make recommendations as to the
sales, marketing and promotional strategy” as required of it under cl 3 of the
MA. Neither did it “organise, manage and co-ordinate” its appointed agents and
the agents’ sales, marketing and promotional efforts as required of it under
cl 4.1.3 of the MA.

(c) The quantum of commission paid to EH was not calculated according to the
terms of the MA. Clause 7.1.1 of the MA provided that EH would be paid a 15%
commission _only_ on members which EH or its appointed agents introduced, and
not on every member accepted by RTC. Yet, the $78mil paid over to EH was 15%
of the total membership fees from _all_ the 19,000 members (as admitted by
PL).

(d) There were also irregularities in the payment of the management fees. For
example, some management fees were not made pursuant to invoices issued by EH
as they were issued after the payments were made.

(e) RTC (according to a management fees schedule (“MFS”)) paid EH $90.1mil
between November 1997 and August 1999, but between April 1998 and August 2000,
EH refunded $8.2mil to RTC. Of the remaining $81.9mil, a sum of $3.6mil was
entered as a “Transfer to Europa Holding Intercompany A/C”, leaving $78.3mil.
This balancing book entry showed that the Former Directors took steps to
ensure that the total flow of funds recorded in the MFS matched the value of
three invoices that were issued by EH.

(f) The sum of $90.1mil paid to EH were used to acquire shares in ABR Holdings
Ltd (“ABR”) through Sullivan Developments Limited (“Sullivan”) and Goldhurst
Properties Limited (“Goldhurst”), both of which were controlled by LA, WT and
DF (PL was also a beneficial shareholder). Of that amount, $89.6mil was
deposited into EH’s bank account. Out of the sum of $89.6mil, $61.7mil was
remitted by EH to or for the benefit of the Former Directors in the following
proportions: $39.3mil to LA as directors’ advances; $5.6mil to WT as
directors’ advances; $4.1mil to DF as directors’ advances; $1mil to PL and
$11.7mil to stock-broking firms for purchase of shares in ABR on behalf of
Sullivan and Goldhurst. Another $0.97mil was remitted to or on behalf of PL.
However, in our view, the manner in which the Former Directors used the
management fees that RTC had paid to EH is not relevant to the issue whether
they were properly or improperly paid to EH under the MA.

21 The Judge made the following factual findings with respect to the
allegation that the MA was a sham: (a) the backdating of the MA was not
improper as management services were indeed provided by EH to RTC from 1996,
and the oral agreement to do so was only reduced to writing in 1997; (b) the
MA was not a sham as the Former Directors intended the MA to (and it did)
create legal rights and obligations between RTC and EH (see _Snook v London
and West Riding Investments Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 786 at 802 (_per_ Diplock LJ));
and (c) EH had provided management, consultancy and other services in
accordance with and beyond the terms of the MA, having regard to the aggregate
of the work done by EH. In the Judge’s view, the management fees were
therefore legitimate expenses. They were neither disguised loans made in
contravention of s 162 of the Companies Act nor disguised dividends paid in
contravention of s 403 of the Companies Act (see the Judgment at [35] and
[137]–[138]).

22 On the issue of whether the management fees were excessive, the Judge found
as follows (at [137] of the Judgment):

137 … the court is not as well placed as commercial men such as the [Former
Directors] to ascertain what would be the appropriate amount of remuneration
for all of the work done and services provided by EH. I find that the [MA] has
not been proven to be a sham. EH had indeed adhered to the [MA]. Even though
RTC pointed out that most of the marketing work had been outsourced to third
parties, I am of the view that overall, judging from the aggregate of the work
done by EH, it had done work both pursuant to the relevant clauses in the [MA]
and beyond it. The work done by EH in launching the Club vis-à-vis RTC is
difficult to quantify with exactitude but I find that 15% marketing commission
is not an extortionate sum in the circumstances. Though RTC’s experts valued
EH’s work at 1% and 3%, they had not taken into consideration the other
aspects of the work done for and services provided to RTC by EH as conceded by
them. It must be noted that EH cannot reasonably be expected to provide free
work and services to RTC simply because such work and services do not fall
within the description set out in clauses 3, 4 and 5. The [Former Directors]
as directors of EH also have to ensure that EH is fairly remunerated for all
the work and services EH has done for RTC, and as far as I am aware, this was
the only written contract between EH and RTC under which RTC had made payments
to EH. As such, I would not accord much weight to their evidence that only 1%
or 3% commission was warranted and would defer to the 15% commission
(resulting in a $78m payment to EH) as decided upon by the [Former Directors].

23 Having heard counsel’s submissions for RTC, and having reviewed the
materials that were before the Judge, we would agree with the findings of the
Judge on this issue. It should also be remembered that it was the efforts of
the Former Directors that resulted in RTC having secured cash receipts in the
form of membership fees for the Club amounting to around $532mil (see [17]
above).

Directors’ fees and consultancy fees

24 The total fees paid to the Former Directors under this head (see [9(c)]
above) may be divided into two categories: (a) sums paid out as “actual”
remuneration/fees which were not recorded in a set of private accounts
maintained for each of the Former Directors (“the private accounts”), and (b)
sums paid out and recorded under the private accounts. The total amount
recorded in the private accounts was $15,211,690.48.[note: 1] RTC accepted
that payments under category (a) were genuine and proper, but not those under
category (b) which it considered unreasonable, unjustifiable and were in
substance in the nature of disguised dividends paid out in contravention of s
403(1) of the Companies Act which prohibits a company from paying dividends to
shareholders except out of profits.

25 In dealing with RTC’s claim under this head, the Judge first set out the
legal principles applicable to judicial scrutiny of directors’ fees. At [150]
of the Judgment, the Judge said as follows:

150 In _Gower and Davies’ Principles of Modern Company Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
8th Ed, 2008), the learned author observed at para 14-14, that:

The courts have been unwilling to scrutinise directors’ remuneration decisions
on grounds of excess or waste, refusing even to prescribe that pay must be set
by reference to market rates, provided the decision on remuneration is a
genuine one and not an attempt, for example, to make distributions to
shareholders/directors where there are no distributable profits. This is
probably a wise decision on the part of the courts, which might otherwise find
themselves saddled with developing a general policy about the remuneration of
directors in large companies.

In a case involving impugned remuneration to husband-and-wife director-
shareholders in a closely held company, _Re Halt Garage (1964) Ltd_ [1982] 3
All ER 1016 (“ _Halt Garage_ ”), Oliver J stated at 1039:

[A]ssuming that the sum is bona fide voted to be paid as remuneration, it
seems to me that the amount, whether it be mean or generous, must be a matter
of management for the company to determine in accordance with its constitution
which expressly authorises payment for directors’ services. Shareholders are
required to be honest but … there is no requirement that they must be wise and
it is not for the court to manage the company.

26 In the light of these principles, the Judge dismissed RTC’s argument that
the remuneration was excessive for the reasons set out at [154]–[157] of the
Judgment:

154 Since the process by which the [Former Directors’] remuneration for their
work as directors was approved was transparent, aboveboard and in line with
the procedure provided for in cl 76(A) [of RTC’s Articles of Association[note:
2]], the quantum of their remuneration is not a corporate decision that I am
minded to disturb on the ground that it was excessive. There was work done by
the [Former Directors] that would warrant the payment of the directors’
remuneration. This was not a case in which payments were made to directors of
a company in the absence of _any work_ or oversight on the part of the
directors.

155 In their capacity as directors, [LA, WT and DF] had exercised oversight
and had ultimate responsibility for the business of RTC. I find that they had
indeed put in the effort and hard work in all areas of [RTC’s] affairs such as
overseeing the construction and renovation of the Club, the marketing of
membership and the launch of the Club, as well as procuring financing for
[RTC’s] business activities.

156 [PL], whether in his capacity as consultant or _de facto_ director, had
definitely tried to contribute to substantial tax and interest savings for
[RTC] by instituting the deferred accounting policy. Amongst other things, he
also advised on corporate governance, assisted in appointing independent
directors and arranged for loan facilities. Thus, I cannot accept [RTC’s]
claim that [PL’s] consultancy fee was a sham. Whether the sum of money paid to
[PL] is seen as consultancy fee or director’s remuneration, it cannot be
gainsaid that he had contributed substantially to the initial success of RTC’s
business.

157 Thus, I find that since all the shareholders of RTC had assented properly
to the [Former Directors’] remuneration and all the [Former Directors] had
contributed in numerous ways to its business, the decision to pay them
remuneration was a genuine one. [RTC] is not entitled to the remuneration paid
under the private accounts to the [Former Directors] for their work as
directors simply on the basis that these sums may have been paid out under the
private accounts. The [Former Directors] had not acted in breach of their
duties, either fiduciary or statutory, to RTC in approving such remuneration
for their services to RTC as directors. It would be unreasonable to hold
otherwise as that would deprive the [Former Directors] of any recognition or
acknowledgement of their contributions to RTC.

[emphasis in original]

27 Again, having reviewed the evidence before the Judge, we are unable to
disagree with his finding that the directors’ and consultancy fees paid to the
Former Directors were not excessive or unreasonable or that they amounted to
an illegal taking of money out of RTC. We would agree that these were matters
for the Former Directors – as directors and ultimately also shareholders – to
decide. At all material times, RTC was a profitable company because of the
nature of the business it was engaged in and the prowess of the Former
Directors in recruiting so many members for the Club. Whether they had misled
the members of the Club was a matter between the members and RTC. But as far
as RTC and the Former Directors were concerned, RTC’s interest in its assets
as a separate legal entity and the Former Directors’ interests in RTC’s assets
as shareholders were aligned. They were, in fact, the same as there was no
other claim to or interest in the assets of RTC that the Former Directors as
directors had to be concerned about or protect.

28 The decision of the English Court of Appeal in _Multinational Gas and
Petrochemical Co v Multinational Gas and Petrochemical Services Ltd and
Others_ [1983] 1 Ch 258 illustrates this principle well. In that case, a
Liberian company (whose directors were nominated by its shareholders who were
American, French and Japanese oil companies) brought, _inter alia_ , a claim
against the shareholders for breaches of duty of care owed to the company as
persons exercising the powers of management and direction in connection with
certain acquisitions made by the company which led the company to financial
difficulties. By a majority, the court held that the company existed for its
shareholders’ benefit and, provided they acted _intra vires_ and in good
faith, the shareholders could manage its affairs as they chose while it was
solvent. Lawton LJ said (at 269):

… when the oil companies acting together required the plaintiff’s directors to
make decisions or approve what had already been done, what they did or
approved _became the plaintiff’s acts and were binding on it_ … When approving
whatever their nominee directors had done, the oil companies were not, as the
plaintiff submitted, relinquishing any causes of action which the plaintiff
might have had against its directors. When the oil companies, as shareholders,
approved what the plaintiff’s directors had done there was no cause of action
because at that time there was no damage. _What the oil companies were doing
was adopting the directors’ acts and as shareholders, in agreement with each
other, making those acts the plaintiff’s acts_.

It follows, so it seems to me, that the plaintiff cannot now complain about
what in law were its own acts.

[emphasis added]

Dillon LJ, who delivered the other majority judgment, said (at 288):

An individual trader who is solvent is free to make stupid, but honest
commercial decisions in the conduct of his own business. He owes no duty of
care to future creditors. The same applies to a partnership of individuals.

A company, as it seems to me, likewise owes no duty of care to future
creditors. The directors indeed stand in a fiduciary relationship to the
company, as they are appointed to manage the affairs of the company and they
owe fiduciary duties to the company though not to the creditors, present or
future, or to individual shareholders. …

The shareholders, however, owe no such duty to the company. Indeed, so long as
the company is solvent the shareholders are in substance the company. …

29 Furthermore, in view of the Judge’s findings (with which we agree) that all
these payments were approved and ratified by RTC’s shareholders, these
payments were, and are, binding on RTC (see _Re Duomatic Ltd_ [1969] 2 Ch 365
at 373).

Expenses

30 Like the directors’ remuneration and the consultancy fees, there were
several other expenses of RTC recorded in the private accounts between 1997
and 2000 which RTC now seeks to recover from the Former Directors on the basis
that those expenses were not genuine expenses incurred by, on behalf of, or
for the benefit of RTC. The Judge dismissed this claim on the ground that the
expenses were generally legitimate as he was not convinced that those expenses
were not incurred for the benefit of RTC and not incidental to the carrying on
of RTC’s business. With respect to some of the expenses which he found not to
have been incurred by the Former Directors for the benefit of RTC or not
reasonably incidental to the business of RTC, the Judge held that “the [Former
Directors], acting in their capacity as shareholders of [RTC] and collectively
embodying the interests of the company, had authorised and ratified the
charging of these expenses to the company via the private accounts” (see the
Judgment at [182]).

31 We find no reason to disturb the Judge’s findings of fact and we agree with
his ruling on the law.

The $33mil loan from RTC to RTCI

32 It is not disputed that sometime between February 1997 and April 1997, the
Former Directors had caused RTC to extend an interest-free and unsecured
$33mil loan (“the Loan”) to RTCI (see [9(d)] above), a wholly-owned subsidiary
incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in February 1997 with a paid up
capital of US$1.00. The proceeds of the Loan were later deposited in the bank
accounts of certain companies called Kestrel Capital Partners (Malaysia) Sdn
Bhd, Kestrel Securities Sdn Bhd and Abadale Investments Ltd, which were linked
to PL.[note: 3]

33 The Loan was fully repaid by RTCI to RTC sometime in early 1998, together
with an additional sum of $120,987.82. The evidence is not clear as regards
what this additional sum represented. In ordinary circumstances, it would be
interpreted as either interest on the Loan or compensation for the use of
RTC’s interest-free loan. The evidence however shows that the Former Directors
had earned interest of between 7% – 8% per annum on the proceeds of the Loan
between February 1997 and early 1998 when the Loan was repaid. Hence, the
Former Directors had indirectly derived a benefit from the use of RTC’s funds
via RTCI.

34 RTC has argued that (a) the Loan was made in contravention of s 162(1) of
the Companies Act, (b) the Former Directors were in breach of directors’
duties owed to RTC by approving the Loan, and (c) the Former Directors must be
disgorged of the interest which they earned on the proceeds of the Loan (“the
Profits”).

Was the $33mil loan made in breach of s 162(1) of the Companies Act?

35 Section 162(1) of the Companies Act provides:

**Loans to directors**

**162.** —(1) A company (other than an exempt private company) shall not make
a loan to a director of the company or of a company which by virtue of section
6 is deemed to be related to that company, or enter into any guarantee or
provide any security in connection with a loan made to such a director by any
other person …

RTC’s argument was that the Loan, although made in form to RTCI, was in truth
a loan to the Former Directors as directors of RTC who had used RTCI as a
conduit to channel RTC’s funds to themselves for their own use. As the Loan
was in contravention of s 162(1) of the Companies Act, the Former Directors
were accountable to RTC for the Profits.

36 However, the Judge did not accept this argument. He held that the Loan came
within the terms of s 163 of the Companies Act which states:

**Prohibition of loans to persons connected with directors of lending
company**

**163.** —(1) Subject to this section, it shall not be lawful for a company
(other than an exempt private company) —

(a) to make a loan to another company; or

…

if a director or directors of the first-mentioned company is or together are
interested in 20% or more of the total number of equity shares in the other
company (excluding treasury shares).

(2) Subsection (1) shall extend to apply to a loan, guarantee or security in
connection with a loan made by a company (other than an exempt private
company) to another company where such other company is incorporated outside
Singapore, if a director or directors of the first-mentioned company —

(a) is or together are interested in 20% or more of the total number of equity
shares in the other company (excluding treasury shares); or

(b) in a case where the other company does not have a share capital, exercises
or together exercise control over the other company whether by reason of
having the power to appoint directors or otherwise.

…

(_4_) _This section shall not apply —_

(a) to anything done by a company where the other company (whether that
company is incorporated in Singapore or otherwise) is its subsidiary or
holding company or a subsidiary of its holding company; or

...

[emphasis added]

At [200] of the Judgment, the Judge concluded as follows:

200 … Therefore, on a plain reading of s 163(4) [of the Companies Act], since
RTCI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of RTC, s 163(1) [of the Companies Act] does
not apply to a loan made by [RTC] to RTCI. On this basis, I find that RTC has
not contravened s 162 [of the Companies Act] by making the $33m loan to RTCI.
It therefore follows that the [Former Directors] have not breached their
fiduciary duties since they have not caused RTC to contravene s 162 [of the
Companies Act].

37 In our view, the Judge’s approach did not address RTC’s argument that the
Loan in substance was a sham – _ie_ , that it was nominally made to RTCI
(which was permitted by s 163(4) of the Companies Act), but was actually for
the benefit of the Former Directors who exercised their powers wrongfully to
avoid the statutory prohibition under s 162(1) of the Companies Act.

38 The Former Directors’ defence to RTC’s claim on the Profits was that the
Loan to RTCI was approved by the Former Directors as directors as well as
shareholders of RTC, or alternatively, it was ratified by the shareholders of
RTC (see _Rolled Steel Products (Holdings) Ltd v British Steel Corporation and
Others_ [1986] 1 Ch 246 at 296 (“ _Rolled Steel Products_ ”)).

39 The Judge accepted the Former Directors’ argument and dismissed RTC’s claim
to recover the Profits from the Former Directors. At [202] of the Judgment,
the Judge said:

The rule against the making of “secret profit” by a director of a company is
subject to the proviso that if such profit or benefit is disclosed by the
director to the members of the company and approved by them, he will not be
held liable to account for that profit. In [_Regal (Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver
and others_ [1967] 2 AC 134], Lord Russell of Killowen suggested, at 150,
that:

[The defendants] could, had they wished, have protected themselves by a
resolution (either antecedent or subsequent) of the Regal shareholders in
general meeting. In default of such approval, the liability to account must
remain.

On the present facts, I accept the [Former Directors’] submission that they,
as the shareholders and directors of RTC had authorised the [Loan] to RTCI and
were all fully aware of the profits from the investment of the [Loan] to RTCI.
… At all times, the members of the company had knowledge of the [Loan] and
that the [Loan] was intended for investment purposes. When the first tranche
of the [Loan] was made in February 1997, the then shareholders of [RTC], Tan
Buck Chye and Teriya had full knowledge of the [Loan] and authorised it. By
the time the investments yielded profits, the [Former Directors] as the only
shareholders of [RTC] had full knowledge of the profits. Even though there was
no resolution at a general meeting specifically authorising the distribution
of such profits to the [Former Directors] as directors, since all the
shareholders with the right to attend and vote at a general meeting had
assented to the profits, that assent was as binding as a resolution in general
meeting: _Re Duomatic Ltd_ at 373.

40 There are two separate issues arising from the Loan. The first issue is
whether the Loan to RTCI was to disguise what would otherwise be an unlawful
loan to the Former Directors. In form, the Loan was a loan by RTC to RTCI, but
the law looks at the substance of the matter and not the form (see _eg_ ,
_Street v Mountford_ [1985] AC 809). Why was the Loan made to RTCI if all that
RTCI did with the Loan was to place the proceeds in the bank accounts of
companies controlled by PL and the other Former Directors? Common commercial
sense would yield no other reasonable explanation other than that the Loan was
meant for the Former Directors and not RTCI. If, as such, the Loan was in
substance a disguised loan to the Former Directors, it would be an illegal
loan under s 162(1) of the Companies Act (albeit until RTC became an exempt
private company in November 1997 whereupon the Loan was formally converted
into a directors’ loan), and would not be capable of being pre-approved or
ratified by the shareholders (see _Macleod v The Queen_ (2003) 214 CLR 230
(HCA); _Angas Law Services Pty Ltd v Carabelas_ (2005) 226 CLR 507 at [24]
(HCA)). Section 162(5) of the Companies Act provides that any loan made to a
director contrary to the terms of that section may be recovered by the
company. However, since the Loan has been fully repaid to RTC in early 1998,
we do not find it necessary to make any finding as to whether the Loan was in
breach of s 162(1) of the Companies Act since it would require us to determine
whether or not the Former Directors had committed an offence under s 162(4) of
the Companies Act.

41 The second issue is whether, assuming that the Loan was in breach of s
162(1) of the Companies Act, RTC can recover the Profits which the Former
Directors had received. It is established law that directors of a company may
not make use of their position to make a profit at the expense of the company
as they owe a fiduciary duty to act in the interests of the company (see _Lim
Koei Ing v Pan Asia Shipyard and Engineering Co Pte Ltd_ [1995] 1 SLR(R) 15 at
[54]; _Regal (Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver and others_ [1967] 2 AC 134 at 153 (“
_Regal (Hastings) Ltd v Gulliver_ ”)). Applying this principle to the facts of
this case, the Former Directors would be accountable to RTC for the Profits.
However, this conclusion does not necessarily assist RTC in its claim for the
Profits because the Judge had found as a fact that the Former Directors, as
shareholders of RTC, had assented to themselves keeping the benefits (see
[202] of the Judgment).

42 The question, therefore, is whether the Former Directors as shareholders
could lawfully waive RTC’s right to recover the Profits which the Former
Directors gained from the proceeds of the Loan. In this regard, it may firstly
be noted that RTC’s claim for the return of the Profits is not based on the
Loan being _ultra vires_ in the sense that RTC had no power to make any loan.
An unlawful loan made by a company would not be capable of ratification by its
shareholders (see _Rolled Steel Products_ at 296 (_per_ Slade LJ); _Kinsela_
_and Another v Russell Kinsela Pty Ltd (in liq)_ (1986) 4 NSWLR 722 (“
_Kinsela_ ”)). However, an unlawful loan is not per se an _ultra vires_ loan.
Secondly, while any return of capital other than in accordance with the
Companies Act or any transaction which is a fraud on creditors is incapable of
being ratified by shareholders, even voting unanimously (see _Ridge Securities
Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1964] 1 WLR 479 at 495 (_per_ Pennycuick
J); _Aveling_ _Barford Ltd v Perion Ltd and others_ [1989] BCLC 626 at 633
(_per_ Hoffmann J); _Barclays Bank plc & Ors v British & Commonwealth Holdings
plc_ [1995] BCC 19 at 23 (_per_ Harman J); and _Progress Property Co Ltd v
Moorgarth Group Ltd_ [2010] 1 BCLC 1 at [23] (_per_ Mummery LJ), affirmed on
appeal in _Progress Property Company Limited v Moorgath Group Limited_ [2010]
UKSC 55), the claim in respect of the Profits is not made on the basis that
the Loan was an illegal distribution of RTC’s assets (_ie_ , a return of
capital) or that it was a fraud on creditors as the Loan had been repaid.

43 Instead, RTC’s claim appears to have been made on the basis that the Former
Directors were accountable to RTC as constructive trustees because, at the
trial, RTC had argued (and the Judge had agreed with RTC on this point) that
the proper provision under the Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)
(“Limitation Act”) which applied to the present case was not s 22A(3) but s
22(1)(_b_) of the Limitation Act which stipulates that no period of limitation
shall apply to an action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action to
recover from the trustees trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use (see the Judgment at [245]). As the Former Directors have not
appealed against the Judge’s decision on the issue of limitation, we do not
propose to address it other than to note that this Court has recently
discussed extensively the scope of s 22(1) of the Limitation Act, and dealt
with it conclusively in _Yong Kheng Leong and another v Panweld Trading Pte
Ltd and another_ [2012] SGCA 59.

44 In the circumstances, we see no reason in principle why the shareholders of
RTC may not waive the recovery of the Profits from the Former Directors by the
exercise of their shareholding powers. They could not be said to have been
negligent in waiving RTC’s claim, nor could they be said to have acted
fraudulently _vis-à-vis_ RTC or any creditor (as RTC was solvent) in not
causing RTC to take steps to commence proceedings against themselves. In
deciding as shareholders to waive RTC’s rights to recover the Profits, the
Former Directors were not trustees for RTC or for one another (see _Peter’s
American Delicacy Company Limited v Heath and others_ (1939) 61 CLR 457). They
were entitled to make decisions in their own selfish interests, satisfying
their own particular wishes and prejudices, and without any personal
obligation to consider or act in the best interests of RTC or other
shareholders. In _Pender v Lushington_ (1877) 6 Ch D 70, Jessel MR stated the
law as follows (at 75–76):

[A] man may be actuated in giving his vote by interests entirely adverse to
the interests of the company as a whole. He may think it more for his
particular interest that a certain course may be taken which may be in the
opinion of others very adverse to the interests of the company as a whole, but
he cannot be restrained from giving his vote in what way he pleases because he
is influenced by that motive. There is, if I may say so, no obligation on a
shareholder of a company to give his vote merely with a view to what other
persons may consider the interests of the company at large. He has a right, if
he thinks fit, to give his vote from motives or promptings of what he
considers his own individual interest.

45 In our view, in the absence of any factor that would disqualify
shareholders from ratifying unauthorised or unlawful acts of directors, we see
no reason why a company may not waive any claims it may have against its
directors for any kind of liability where the company is solvent. As Street CJ
said in _Kinsela_ (at 730 and 732):

… In a solvent company the proprietary interests of the shareholders entitle
them as a general body to be regarded as the company when questions of the
duty of directors arise. If, as a general body, they authorise or ratify a
particular action of the directors, there can be no challenge to the validity
of what the directors have done. But where a company is insolvent the
interests of the creditors intrude. They become prospectively entitled to,
through the mechanism of liquidation, to displace the power of the
shareholders and directors to deal with the company’s assets …

…

It is … legally and logically acceptable to recognise that, where directors
involved in a breach of their duty to the company affecting the interests of
shareholders, then shareholders can either authorise that breach in prospect
or ratify it in retrospect. Where, however, the interests at risk are those of
creditors I see no reason in law or in logic to recognise that the
shareholders can authorise the breach. …

46 In our view, the rationale of the above propositions is consistent with our
decision that the Former Directors as shareholders of RTC had the power to
waive RTC’s claim for the Profits.

47 For the above reasons, we uphold the Judge’s decisions on all the heads of
claim raised by RTC and dismiss CA 109/2010.

CA 108/2010

Whether MT and LJW had breached cl 7 of the RTC S&PA

48 CA 108/2010 is LA’s and WT’s appeal against the Judge’s dismissal of,
_inter alia_ , their third party claims against MT and LJW. In CA 108/2010, LA
and WT claimed that MT and LJW:

(a) breached cl 7 of the “Agreement in respect of the Sale and Purchase of
Shares in Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd” dated 6 June 2001 (“the RTC S&PA”);

(b) breached Recital (F) and cl 4.3 of a deed dated 18 February 2002 (“the
Deed”);

(c) acted in bad faith and/or unconscionably in causing, directing and/or
assisting RTC to commence the present suit; and

(d) conspired with each other and/or together with RTC with the sole or
predominant intention or by unlawful means to cause injury, loss or damage to
LA and WT by commencing S 46/2006 against them.

49 Clause 7 of the RTC S&PA comprised three sub-clauses:

(A) The Purchasers [_ie_ , MT and LJW] hereby irrevocably acknowledge and
agree with the Vendors [_ie_ , LA and WT] that (save as provided in Clause 6
above [_ie_ , warranties as to title]):-

(i) no representations, warranties or undertakings are made as to the Company
[_ie_ , RTC] and/or the Sale Shares [_ie_ , 500000 RTC shares comprising 50%
of its shareholding] and all and any such representations, warranties and
undertakings (whether express or implied) are hereby excluded by the Vendors;
and

(ii) notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, in no circumstances
shall any of the Vendors be liable to any of the Purchasers as a result of or
in connection with this Agreement (whether in contract, tort (including
negligence or breach of statutory duty) or otherwise howsoever, and whatever
the cause thereof) for any loss of profits, business, contracts, revenues, or
anticipated savings, or for any special, indirect or consequential damage of
any nature whatsoever.

The operation of this Clause shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

(B) Without prejudice to sub-Clause (A) above, the Purchasers hereby
irrevocably acknowledge and agree with the Vendors that the Purchasers shall
have no right of recourse and/or claim whatsoever against the Vendors in
respect of any diminution in the value of the Sale Shares and/or claims,
damages, losses, expenses and/or costs incurred or suffered by the Purchasers
in connection with this Agreement and/or the Sale Shares, whether such
diminution and/or claims, damages, losses, expenses and/or costs is
attributable to cause(s) occurring prior to, on or after completion,
including, without limitation, any diminution and/or claims, damages, losses,
expenses and/or costs as a result of any Claim made prior to, on or after
completion attributable to cause(s) occurring prior to, on or after
completion.

(C) The Purchasers undertake to the Vendors _not to_ commence any action /
proceedings or _assist any third party to commence or maintain or proceed with
any action / proceedings against the Vendors in relation to the Company_
and/or the Sale Shares.

[emphasis added]

50 Clause 4.3 of the Deed (which is reflected in Recital (F) of the Deed)
provides as follows:

Other than obligations and liabilities arising from this Deed (in particular,
[MT’s and LJW’s] obligations and liabilities under Clause 2 above), each party
hereto irrevocably releases and discharges absolutely each of the other
parties hereto from its/his entire _obligations and liabilities of whatsoever
nature or cause, howsoever arisen from, related or connected to, or under the
Discharged Agreements_ with effect from the date of this Deed and each party
hereto hereby waives its rights in respect of any claims or actions it may
have (other than claims or actions arising under this Deed), of whatsoever
nature, howsoever framed, in law or in equity, against each of the other
parties hereto under the Discharged Agreements with effect from the date of
this Deed Provided that there shall be no release and discharge nor waiver of
rights in respect of claims or actions that [MT and LJW] may have against [LA
or WT] in respect of any defect in the rights, title interest in the RTC
shares purchased by [MT and LJW] pursuant to the First RTC Agreement and the
Second RTC Agreement. [emphasis added]

51 The Judge rejected MT’s and LJW’s argument that cl 7 of the RTC S&PA
contravened s 172(1) of the Companies Act (see the Judgment at [209]–[211]).
Section 172(1) of the Companies Act provides that:

Any provision, whether in the articles or in any contract with a company or
otherwise, for exempting any officer or auditor of the company from, or
indemnifying him against, any liability which by law would otherwise attach to
him in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust
of which he may be guilty in relation to the company, shall be void.

We agree with the Judge’s ruling on this issue as s 172(1) of the Companies
Act was applicable only if RTC had given the indemnity, which it had not.
Here, the indemnity was given by MT and LJW in their capacity as purchasers of
RTC shares from LA and WT.

52 The Judge went on to hold that (a) cl 7 of the RTC S&PA had been superseded
by cl 4.3 of the Deed, (b) the scope of cl 4.3 was confined to claims or
actions that the parties thereto might have against each other under the
“Discharged Agreements” (which included the RTC S&PA), (c) the present suit
and the attendant claims brought by RTC against LA and WT were not claims
under the “Discharged Agreements” or did not arise out of or were connected
with the “Discharged Agreements”, and (d) none of the actions against LA and
WT concerned, however remotely, the sale and purchase of RTC shares (see the
Judgment at [215]).

53 In our view, while the Judge may be correct in holding that the Deed had
superseded the RTC S&PA with respect to the relevant parties’ mutual claims or
actions against each other, cl 7(C) of the RTC S&PA provided that “[MT and
LJW] undertake to [LA and WT] _not to commence any action / proceedings or
assist any third party to commence or maintain or proceed with any
action/proceedings_ against [LA and WT] in relation to [RTC] and/or the Sale
Shares” (emphasis added). The issue is thus whether cl 4.3 of the Deed was
intended to release MT and LJW from their undertaking not to assist any _third
party_ to commence any action against LA and WT in relation to RTC. Which
third party was contemplated by this undertaking? In our view, that expression
is broad enough to cover RTC itself, and in the prevailing circumstances, the
only party that conceivably could have a claim against LA and WT as directors
was RTC. The evidence here clearly shows that there was no reason for RTC to
sue the Former Directors for damages or the return of RTC’s assets, except at
the behest of MT and LJW as the sole shareholders and controllers of RTC, and
to increase the value of their shareholdings in RTC. In other words, RTC could
only have acted in these proceedings by and on the decisions of MT and LJW as
its current directors.

54 Accordingly, we must ask ourselves whether cl 4.3 of the Deed was intended
to release MT and LJW from this particular undertaking. As the undertaking
created a legal obligation, no doubt MT and LJW would argue that this
obligation was released by cl 4.3 of the Deed. We do not agree with such an
argument. In the present case, it is not really a case of MT and LJW
_assisting_ RTC to commence the present action against the Former Directors,
or even _instigating_ it to do so. It is a case of MT and LJW _initiating_ the
action in their capacity as shareholders/directors of RTC. As the sole and
controlling shareholders, they were in a position to control what RTC might or
might not do in relation to the Former Directors’ past actions as directors of
RTC.

55 It is therefore not necessary for us to make any finding as to whether cl
4.3 of the Deed had the effect of releasing MT and LJW from their obligation
not to assist RTC in this matter. We would instead approach this issue on the
basis that this is an isolated case where the disputed clause was drafted for
a specific purpose in connection with a specific transaction, and which
therefore created no binding precedent and raises no new principle of
documentary construction. However, we would add that the conduct of MT and LJW
may be relevant in connection with LA’s, WT’s and PL’s arguments based on the
tort of actionable conspiracy (see [61]–[68] and [71] below).

Lifting the corporate veil of RTC

56 The Former Directors have argued that the court should lift the corporate
veil of RTC and treat RTC’s claims against them as personal claims of MT and
LJW in that the latter had made use of the separate legal personality of RTC
to advance a claim which was in substance for their own benefit, and which
they could not have made as purchasers of the RTC shares. Further, to allow MT
and LJW to use RTC as a conduit to recover damages or losses suffered by RTC
as a result of the alleged breaches of duties by the Former Directors would,
if the action succeeds, result in their being unjustly enriched. In other
words, it would lead to an unfair and unjust outcome for the Former Directors
who otherwise would not be liable to RTC or MT and LJW.

57 The evidence shows that MT and LJW agreed to acquire the RTC shares at
prices which took into account the net asset value of RTC, and that such value
had been arrived at after discounting the management fees, consultancy fees,
directors’ fees and the Profits the Former Directors obtained in relation to
the Loan. As purchasers of RTC shares from the Former Directors, they
therefore have no claim whatsoever arising from the sale of those shares.
However, if they were allowed to use RTC to claim damages against the Former
Directors, and if RTC were to succeed in its claim, there is no doubt that MT
and LJW would benefit personally as shareholders of RTC from any damages
awarded to RTC. This would be an unfair and unjust outcome in the
circumstances of this case. For this reason, we do not see any reason why we
should allow the separate legal personality of RTC to assist MT and LJW in
such a manner as to unjustly enrich them. Based on the evidence before the
Judge, it is evident to us that MT and LJW were using RTC as a nominee to
claim against the Former Directors for breaches of duties which the Former
Directors as shareholders of RTC had already accepted or ratified over many
years.

58 In this connection, we should also point out that the Judge dismissed the
Former Directors’ arguments that MT and LJW (a) had acted in bad faith and/or
unconscionably in causing, directing and/or assisting RTC to commence the suit
below, (b) had knowledge of the alleged breaches of duties by the Former
Directors, and even ratified them, (c) had depleted RTC’s assets for their own
benefit, and (d) had essentially obtained RTC for “free” (see [216]–[219] of
the Judgment). In doing so, the Judge accepted the argument of MT and LJW that
allegations of bad faith and unconscionable conduct _simpliciter_ would not
give rise to any reasonable cause of action (see [218] of the Judgment).

59 In our view, MT and LJW clearly acted unconscionably and in bad faith in
causing RTC to commence S 46/2006 against the Former Directors for no reason
other than to increase the assets of RTC directly and, correspondingly, the
value of their shareholdings in RTC. In our view, RTC’s action is in substance
MT’s and LJW’s action as their economic interests are entirely aligned. If RTC
were to succeed in its action, MT and LJW would effectively be able (with
appropriate corporate actions) to retrieve the judgment proceeds for
themselves.

60 For the above reasons, we find that the action below (_ie_ , S 46/2006) is
in substance an action by MT and LJW which has been disguised as an action by
RTC. On the facts of this case, MT and LJW and RTC are indistinguishable, and
therefore RTC should not be permitted to mount such an action against LA and
WT.

The alleged conspiracy by MT and LJW against the Former Directors

61 LA and WT have further alleged that MT and LJW had by unlawful means and/or
with the sole or predominant intention of injuring them, conspired and
combined wrongfully together with RTC to commence the current claim against
them. The Judge rejected this argument, holding _inter alia_ that LA and WT
had not proved that the predominant purpose of MT and LJW was to cause damage
or injury to LA and WT. It was the Judge’s view that the purpose of the suit
(_ie_ , S 46/2006) was, at its best, to recover the loss and damage allegedly
caused by the Former Directors, and at its worst, to unjustly enrich MT and
LJW as the sole shareholders of RTC. In either case, the Judge held, any
injury caused to LA and WT was incidental to the bringing of the suit, and it
would be a stretch to say that there was a conspiracy to injure them (see
[224] of the Judgment).

62 We disagree with the Judge’s finding on the issue of conspiracy. The law on
the tort of conspiracy has been considered by this Court in _Quah Kay Tee v
Ong and Co Pte Ltd_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 637 (“ _Quah Kay Tee_ ”), _Chew Kong Huat
and others v Ricwil (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1167 and _Beckkett
Pte Ltd v Deutsche Bank AG and another and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R)
452. The principles which apply are found in _Quah Kay Tee_ at [45]:

45 The tort of conspiracy comprises two types: conspiracy by unlawful means
and conspiracy by lawful means. A conspiracy by unlawful means is constituted
when two or more persons combine to commit an unlawful act with the intention
of injuring or damaging the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
intention achieved. In a conspiracy by lawful means, there need not be an
unlawful act committed by the conspirators. But there is the additional
requirement of proving a “predominant purpose” by all the conspirators to
cause injury or damage to the plaintiff, and the act is carried out and the
purpose achieved.

63 In _OBG Ltd and another v Allan and others; Douglas and others v Hello! Ltd
and others (No 3); Mainstream Properties Ltd v Young_ [2008] 1 AC 1 (“ _OBG v
Allan_ ”), Lord Nicholls said (at [167]):

167 I add one explanatory gloss to the above. Take a case where a defendant
seeks to advance his own business by pursuing a course of conduct which he
knows will, in the very nature of things, necessarily be injurious to the
claimant. _In other words, a case where loss to the claimant is the obverse
side of the coin from gain to the defendant. The defendant’s gain and the
claimant’s loss are, to the defendant’s knowledge, inseparably linked. The
defendant cannot obtain the one without bringing about the other. If the
defendant goes ahead in such a case in order to obtain the gain he seeks, his
state of mind will satisfy the mental ingredient of the unlawful interference
tort_ … [emphasis added]

64 The decision of _OBG v Allan_ was not considered by the Judge when he held
that any damage suffered by the Former Directors would be incidental to the
suit. In our view, neither the “best” nor “worst” interpretation of MT and
LJW’s conduct would have materialised without any corresponding injury being
occasioned to the Former Directors, since MT and LJW could not have brought
about a loss to the Former Directors without bringing about a gain to
themselves at the same time. Accordingly, we disagree with the Judge’s finding
that MT and LJW had no intention to injure the Former Directors in pursuing
the suit below (see [227] of the Judgment).

65 However, we agree with the Judge that MT and LJW did not use unlawful means
in their conspiracy to injure the Former Directors. Given thus, the question
is whether there was a predominant purpose on the part of MT and LJW to cause
financial harm to the Former Directors in commencing the suit below.

Conspiracy to injure (lawful means conspiracy)

66 In _Revenue and Customs Commissioners v Total Network SL_ [2008] 1 AC 1174
(“ _Total Network SL_ ”), the revenue and customs commissioners brought an
action against the defendant for damages at common law for unlawful means
conspiracy in sums equivalent to the amounts of VAT which they claimed to have
lost as a result of “carousel frauds”. In the course of his judgment, Lord
Neuberger observed (at [226]–[228]) in relation to the law on conspiracy to
injure (_ie_ , conspiracy by _lawful_ means) as follows:

226 … Conspiracy to injure cannot be relied on as injury to the commissioners
was not, it is apparently accepted by the commissioners, the _primary aim_ of
the carousel fraud …

…

228 However, it seems to me that, although this argument was abandoned by the
commissioners, it may be that the better route to this conclusion is that this
is a case of conspiracy to injure, and that, as [_Stevens on Torts and Rights_
(2007)] suggests, there is no need for the tort of unlawful means conspiracy.
I referred earlier … to the point that the reasoning in [_OBG v Allan_] …
supports the view that, in this case, _there is little, if any, difference
between the conspirators’ intention to make money and their intention to
deprive the commissioners of money: each is the obverse of the other_. On that
basis, it may well be that it could be said that the predominant purpose of
Total and the other conspirators was indeed to inflict loss on the
commissioners just as much as it was to profit the conspirators, and hence the
claim in tort is made out in conspiracy to injure.

[emphasis added]

67 We find Lord Neuberger’s approach applicable to the present case and,
accordingly, we hold that the predominant purpose of MT and LJW in causing RTC
to commence the present action against the Former Directors was to cause
financial harm to the Former Directors just as much as it was to profit MT and
LJW.

68 We accordingly find that insofar as MT and LJW as the sole shareholders and
directors of RTC had made use of RTC by causing it to commence the present
action against the Former Directors, they had committed an actionable
conspiracy in tort against the Former Directors.

LA’s and WT’s counterclaims against PL and DF for indemnity and/or
contribution

69 In CA 108/2010, LA and WT also argue that the Judge was wrong to dismiss
their counterclaims against PL and DF seeking indemnity and/or contribution in
the event that RTC succeeded in the suit below. For the same reason that the
Judge gave in dismissing LA’s and WT’s counterclaims (_viz_ , that the
counterclaims, being contingent upon RTC’s success in the suit below, had
become moot given that RTC had failed in the suit (see [236] of the
Judgment)), we do not find it necessary to deal with this aspect of CA
108/2010. As such, LA, WT, PL and DF shall bear their own costs for this
particular aspect of CA 108/2010.

CA 110/2010

PL’s counterclaim against LA and WT for an indemnity and/or contribution

70 As against LA and WT in CA 110/2010, PL contends that he is entitled to an
indemnity and/or contribution from LA and WT in the event that RTC succeeds in
its appeal in CA 109/2010. For the same reason as [69] above, we find it
unnecessary to deal with this contention. Accordingly, PL, LA and WT shall
similarly bear their own costs for this particular aspect of CA 110/2010.

PL’s third party claim against MT and LJW for committing the tort of
conspiracy

71 As against MT and LJW in CA 110/2010, PL contends that RTC’s claim for
damages against him is essentially the personal claims of MT and LJW and that
they had engaged in lawful and/or unlawful means conspiracy to injure him by
causing RTC to commence S 46/2006 against him. As we have found that the
predominant purpose of MT and LJW in causing RTC to commence S 46/2006 was to
cause financial harm to the Former Directors by way of an actionable
conspiracy in tort, we accept PL’s contention and allow this aspect of CA
110/2010. However, as we have decided to dismiss RTC’s appeal in CA 109/2010,
PL has suffered no loss other than the costs of defending S 46/2006 against
RTC, and accordingly, we will not order damages to be assessed, but that PL’s
(and for that matter, LA’s and WT’s as well, insofar as they have succeeded in
their contention of conspiracy under CA 108/2010 (see [61]–[68] above)) costs
of defending S 46/2006 to be personally borne by MT and LJW on an indemnity
basis.

Conclusion

72 For the reasons stated, we make the following orders:

(a) the appeal in CA 109/2010 is dismissed with costs;

(b) the appeal in CA 108/2010 is partially allowed insofar as LA’s and WT’s
claim of conspiracy against MT and LJW is concerned, with costs and no order
for assessment of damages;

(c) the appeal in CA 110/2010 is partially allowed insofar as PL’s claim of
conspiracy against MT and LJW is concerned, with costs and no order for
assessment of damages;

(d) PL’s, LA’s and WT’s costs in defending S 46/2006 to be personally borne by
MT and LJW on an indemnity basis; and

(e) the usual consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Joint Record of Appeal Vol II(1), p 520 para 14(v).

[note: 2]Reproduced in [151] of the Judgment.

[note: 3]1st Respondent’s Case (CA109/2010) Vol 4, p 751 para 1438 and p 752
para 1440.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

