Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Erin Brooke Mullin and another _v_ Rosli Bin Salim and another  
[2012] SGHC 27

Case Number| :| Suit No 540 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Sarjeet Singh s/o Gummer Singh (Acies Law Corporation)
for the plaintiffs; Mr Niru Pillai and Ms Ooi Yee Mun (Global Law Alliance
LLC) for the first defendant; Mr Desmond Tan Yen Hau and Ms Lam Su-Yin Natalie
(Lee & Lee) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Erin Brooke Mullin and another — Rosli Bin Salim and another  
  
3 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This was a claim by Erin Brooke Mullin (“the first plaintiff”) against Rosli
Bin Salim (“the first defendant”) and Toh Yoke Chin (“the second defendant”)
for the horrendous injuries that the first plaintiff sustained arising out of
a motor accident on 18 September 2007 involving vehicles driven by the two
defendants.

2 The first plaintiff is an American citizen who left Singapore after the
accident and returned to Illinios, in the United States, together with her
husband Jason Elliot Mullin (“the second plaintiff”).

The facts

3 At about 7.30am on 18 September 2007, the first plaintiff was at MacDonald’s
Tea Garden (“MacDonald’s”) located at Queensway to buy breakfast. MacDonald’s
has an open car park (“the car park”) for its patrons. Just then, a Honda
Odyssey multipurpose vehicle with automatic transmission numbered SDU 2401E
(“the vehicle”) driven by the first defendant turned into the car park. As the
vehicle was turning into the car park, a bus numbered CB 4939U (“the school
bus”) driven by the second defendant collided into its rear. (Hereinafter this
collision will be referred to as “the first accident”). Instead of braking and
stopping, the first defendant accelerated the vehicle. As a result, the
vehicle collided into the front bumper of a stationary vehicle numbered SCQ
1166Z (“the second vehicle) before colliding into the right front bumper of
another stationery vehicle numbered SGW 8811 (“the third vehicle”) as well as
the first plaintiff. The left front bumper of the vehicle crushed the first
plaintiff’s right leg. (Hereinafter this second collision will be referred to
as “the second accident”). The serious injuries sustained by the first
plaintiff necessitated her right leg being amputated below the knee in
consequence.

4 Subsequently (on 6 January 2009), the first defendant was charged and
convicted under ss 279 and 338 respectively of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008
Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) for rash and negligent driving and causing grievous
hurt. The first defendant pleaded guilty to the charges, was convicted and
sentenced to imprisonment of four months and one month each for the two
offences (the sentences to run consecutively) and was also disqualified from
driving all classes of vehicles for four years.

5 The first plaintiff sued for damages arising out of the second accident
while the second plaintiff sued for the post-traumatic stress disorder he
claimed he suffered as a result of his wife’s injuries. The plaintiffs relied
on the first defendant’s conviction in [4] as evidence of the latter’s
negligence pursuant to s 45A of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“The
Evidence Act”).

6 Initially, the first defendant denied the plaintiffs’ claims. The first
defendant pleaded that he lost control and panicked after the first accident,
causing him to step on the accelerator instead of on the brake and to collide
into the second and third vehicles consequentially. He admitted he pleaded
guilty to and was convicted of the criminal charges in [4] above.

7 In his defence, the second defendant alleged that the vehicle had encroached
into the path of the school bus, causing the second defendant to collide into
the vehicle. The second defendant denied he was liable for the second accident
contending that those subsequent collisions were independent acts of the first
defendant and separate from the first accident.

8 In their respective defences, the defendants did not allege any contributory
negligence on the part of the first plaintiff for the second accident.
However, the second defendant alleged that it was the first defendant’s
negligence that caused or contributed to the second accident.

9 In March 2011, the first defendant consented to interlocutory judgment being
entered against him for the plaintiffs’ claim.

10 The first defendant had initially issued a Third Party Notice against the
second defendant after the commencement of these proceedings. The Third Party
Notice was subsequently discontinued with leave of court.

11 In May 2011, the first defendant issued a Notice of Indemnity and
Contribution against the second defendant pursuant to O 16 r 8(1) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) for the issue of the proportion of
liability between the two defendants to be determined.

12 In September 2011, the two defendants agreed to the quantum of the second
plaintiff’s claim being fixed at $10,000 subject to the issue of liability
being determined between them.

13 The trial before this court was only to determine the extent of liability
between the two defendants for the second accident. Parties agreed to dispense
with the first plaintiff’s presence at the trial. Both defendants testified
for their respective defences. Although the first defendant’s wife was the
front seat passenger of the vehicle at the material time, she did not testify
even though the first defendant made repeated reference to her reactions prior
to the second accident.

The evidence

The first defendant’s case

14 In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), the first defendant deposed
that on that fateful morning, he and his wife left home at about 6.45am for
work. The first defendant was then a driver for Mitsui Chemicals Asia Pacific
Ltd (“Mitsui”) which had leased the vehicle. The first defendant was allowed
to drive the vehicle home if he worked late into the night and/or had to be at
work early in the morning. The couple intended to have breakfast at
MacDonald’s before the first defendant dropped his wife off at her office at
Robertson Quay.

15 To get to MacDonald’s from his home at Woodlands, the first defendant used
(i) the Seletar Expressway, (ii) the Bukit Timah Expressway and (iii) the Pan
Island Expressway in that order. He deposed he exited from the Pan Island
Expressway at Eng Neo Avenue and travelled down Farrer Road and Queensway.
Traffic that morning along the first defendant’s route was moderate and the
weather was fine with good visibility.

16 As the first defendant approached MacDonald’s, his vehicle which was then
in the left lane, was travelling at approximately 50 kph. The first defendant
noticed the school bus in front of him moving “a bit slow” (N/E 31) and
decided to overtake it when approaching MacDonald’s. He shifted the vehicle to
the centre lane and when he was approximately 3 to 4 car lengths in front of
the school bus and about 2 lamp posts away from the car park entrance, he
signalled left, increased his speed slightly, overtook the school bus and
eased the vehicle back into the left lane, at the same time slowing down to
enter the car park.

17 As the vehicle was turning into the car park entrance, the first defendant
saw that another vehicle was coming out. He therefore braked and slowed down
further to allow the exiting vehicle to pass the vehicle. As he resumed
turning into the car park and was moving his foot from the brake onto the
accelerator, he felt a sudden and violent impact at the rear of the vehicle
when the school bus collided into the vehicle.

18 The first defendant claimed that upon that sudden impact, the windscreen in
front of him turned completely white and he could not see anything. He lost
control of the vehicle and surged forward into the car park. It was only when
his wife screamed (in Malay) “why so fast” that his vision cleared and the
first defendant realised that the vehicle was headed towards MacDonald’s. To
prevent a collision, the first defendant turned the vehicle sharply in the
direction of the car park.

19 In his state of shock, the first defendant deposed he was unable to control
the speed of the vehicle. His foot was still on the accelerator and even
though his mind told him to brake, he was unable to do so as he could not lift
his foot off the accelerator. Consequently, the vehicle continued to surge
forward and it hit the second and third cars in succession.

20 The first defendant’s wife screamed again (in Malay) “there is a person”.
The first plaintiff had suddenly appeared in front of the third vehicle with a
dog. The first defendant claimed he swerved to avoid hitting her but it was
too late. She was crushed by the left front bumper of the vehicle and by the
right front bumper of the third vehicle.

21 After colliding into the first plaintiff, the first defendant turned the
vehicle sharply to his right. The vehicle climbed a slight slope, crossed a
large drain and only then came to a stop on a grass verge.

22 The first defendant blamed the second defendant for the second accident
contending that it all started with the first accident.

23 Having set out the first defendant’s version of events, I turn now to
consider the testimony that was adduced from him by counsel for the second
defendant during cross-examination.

24 Questioned by counsel for the second defendant, the first defendant
estimated that he was about 100m from MacDonald’s when he first saw the school
bus. Notwithstanding the short distance, he said he overtook the school bus
because he thought it was safe to do so. He accelerated after shifting the
vehicle into the second lane, overtook the school bus and then changed back to
the left lane. By this time, the vehicle was 20m away from the entrance to
MacDonald’s. When overtaking the school bus, the vehicle’s speed was more than
50kph and he was going faster than the school bus. However, after he moved
back to the left lane, the first defendant testified he slowed down. Indeed he
was dead slow (N/E 18) at the time of the impact.

25 When his attention was drawn to photographs showing tyre marks made on
Queensway by the school bus indicating it had braked and braked hard just
before the latter collided into the rear of the vehicle, the first defendant
claimed he did not hear any screeching of tyres or horning before the
collision. Questioned where he had placed his foot while turning into the car
park, the first defendant claimed it was on the brake and not on the
accelerator until after the car exiting the car park had passed him. He
conceded stepping on the accelerator was the wrong move but maintained he was
unable to take his foot off therefrom.

26 The first defendant’s attention was drawn to his police report which he
lodged a few hours after the accident. Questioned why he had not mentioned he
had a blackout and/or saw white and he could not remove his foot from the
accelerator, the first defendant claimed he had mentioned those matters to the
police officer who recorded his statement. Although he was literate in
English, it did not occur to the first defendant to inform the police officer
in question that those significant facts had been omitted from his statement.
He denied counsel’s suggestion it was due to the fact they never happened.
Counsel also noted that the statement of facts read in court (to which he
admitted without qualification) for the criminal charges preferred against the
first defendant in [4] also did not mention any of the three facts. The first
defendant claimed he did not read that document.

27 The first defendant denied he was driving at an excessive speed when he
overtook the school bus and that he suddenly encroached onto the path of the
latter after overtaking in order to make a left turn into the car park.
However, the first defendant conceded that if he had not overtaken the school
bus, there would not have been any accident at all.

28 When the court as well as counsel for the second defendant inquired why his
wife was not called as his witness, the first defendant’s absurd explanation
was that the investigating officer had informed him she was not eligible to be
a witness.

29 Questioned by the court, his counsel explained that he felt the testimony
of the first defendant’s wife would not have had much value/weight under s 124
of the Evidence Act. Instead, counsel produced a report from New Zealand
vehicle accident analysts Marks and Associates Limited dated 3 October 2008
(“the expert’s report”) which opined that the accident happened due to
“unintended acceleration” on the part of the first defendant who actually
intended to brake. Notwithstanding that the expert from Marks and Associates
Limited who authored the report (Christopher Marks) did not testify, the first
defendant’s submissions referred to the report _in extenso_ arguing that the
inclusion of the report in the agreed bundles before the court meant that it
formed part of the evidence before this court. I shall return to these
submissions later in my findings.

The second defendant’s case

30 The second defendant had been driving the school bus since 2000. In his
AEIC, the second defendant deposed that on the morning of 18 September 2007,
he was going round picking up French students from their homes and sending
them to their school at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3 where classes commenced at 8.15am.
He had been doing this routine for over a year before the accident. When he
was at Queensway at about 7.30am, he was on his way to pick up a student from
Holland Road.

31 Traffic was heavy and the second defendant was travelling in the left lane.
Suddenly and without warning, the vehicle that was then in the middle lane
made a sudden left turn, cutting across his path to try to enter the car park
on the left. Although he braked immediately and was able to slow down the
school bus substantially, the second defendant was unable to stop in time and
the school bus hit the rear of the vehicle. The second defendant then pulled
up at the road side to look for the vehicle. He walked to the car park and was
informed by bystanders that the vehicle had been involved in the second
accident.

32 The second defendant alleged that the first accident was due to the first
defendant’s act of cutting across his path without warning, and the impact of
that collision would not have propelled the vehicle across the substantial
distance where it caused the second accident.

33 During cross-examination by counsel for the first defendant, the second
defendant testified that there were no cars in front of the school bus as he
approached MacDonald’s. The road leading to MacDonald’s (after the exit from
the Farrer Road tunnel) initially sloped up and then sloped down once past an
Esso petrol station (“the Esso station”) situated there. His own speed was
about 40kph going up the slope and about 50kph coming down. The second
defendant testified that when he first saw the vehicle alongside the school
bus in the middle lane, it was travelling at a faster speed than the school
bus. He indicated on one of the photographs (at 1AB19) that the vehicle was
very close to the entrance of the car park when the first defendant cut across
his path. The second defendant could not recall sounding his horn then but
denied he was travelling closer to the maximum speed of 60kph at the time
because he was rushing to pick up the remaining 10 (of 30 students) to get
them to school by 8.15am. In answer to the court’s subsequent inquiry, the
second defendant testified he had to make three more pickups that morning
before heading to Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3.

34 As in the case of the first defendant, the second defendant’s police report
lodged on the day of the accident omitted certain facts. In his case, there
was no mention that the vehicle had cut across his path or that he had applied
his brakes hard. His police report merely stated that the vehicle then in
front of him made a sudden stop, not that it cut into his path. The second
defendant claimed he had given the police officer recording his statement the
two missing statements but they were not included in his police report. (The
second defendant does not read or write English although he can speak simple
English).

35 Questioned by the court, the second defendant explained that the capacity
of the school bus was/is 37 passengers. Because of its size, he said the bus
could not go fast and he would only drive it at 60kph if and when he was using
the expressways.

36 The second defendant’s testimony showed he had a poor appreciation of
distances and time based on the photographs produced in court, particularly as
to when he first sighted the vehicle and where the vehicle cut into his path.
As the time and distances involved could be factors relevant to the court’s
determination of liability between the two defendants, I directed counsel for
the parties (and for the plaintiffs) to visit the accident scene to take
measurements of certain distances. This was done before trial resumed on the
second day.

37 Following the site inspection, parties advised the court of the following
distances:

(a) between the exit from the Farrer Road tunnel and the car park entrance it
was 570m;

(b) between the Farrer Road tunnel exit and the Esso station (top of the
slope) it was 280m;

(c) between the Esso station and the car park entrance it was 290m; and

(d) where the first defendant cut across the second defendant’s path it was
36.2m before the car park’s entrance alongside the car park’s lot no. 13.

Travelling at 50kph, the court calculated that the second defendant would have
taken just 2.6 seconds to travel the distance from the time he first saw the
first defendant cutting across his path (which the second defendant estimated
was two car lengths away) until the collision at the entrance of the car park
where the vehicle had stopped after barely turning in. The second defendant
did not recall seeing another vehicle at the entrance of the car park when the
vehicle was turning in.

38 The damage to the school bus from the collision was to its front left
portion. The second defendant explained it was because the vehicle was
straightening out after it cut across his path and he hit the centre and right
rear sides of the vehicle at an angle. He disagreed with counsel for the first
defendant that the substantial damage to the vehicle (which included breakage
of the rear windscreen) was reflective of the high speed at which he was
travelling at the time of the impact. He pointed out that the heavy impact was
due to the size of the school bus.

39 I should point out that the first defendant was recalled to the witness
stand after the second defendant had testified and after parties had visited
the accident scene and taken measurements. When he was recalled, the first
defendant’s testimony changed materially from his earlier evidence. He said:

(a) He had actually noticed the school bus when the vehicle was approaching
(less than 20m from) the Esso station. Just a day earlier, (in [24] and in his
AEIC) he had testified that he first noticed the school bus about 100m from
the entrance to the car park.

(b) He had started overtaking the school bus somewhere just before the Esso
station instead of less than 100m away from the car park entrance.

(c) He had completed overtaking the school bus and filtered into the left lane
just after the overhead bridge and bus-stop shown in the photograph at 4AB10.

The issues

40 In order to determine which of the two defendants (or both) were liable for
the second accident and the plaintiffs’ claim, the court has to decide:

(a) Was the first accident caused by the first or the second defendant?

(b) Even if the first accident was caused or partly caused by the second
defendant, was there a break in the chain of causation between the first and
the second accidents under the _novus_ _actus_ _interveniens_ principle such
that the first and not the second defendant is liable for the plaintiffs’
claim?

The submissions

41 Before I set out my findings, it would be appropriate at this juncture to
consider the closing submissions tendered by the parties. Earlier at [29], I
had alluded to two of the first defendant’s submissions. I shall now return to
those two submissions and will also address the first defendant’s other
submissions where necessary.

The first defendant’s submissions

42 The first defendant accused the second defendant of embellishing his
testimony by alleging that the first defendant cut into his path. The first
defendant made much of the fact that there was no mention of this allegation
in the second defendant’s police report which was a contemporaneous document
and likely to be more accurate. As it was a critical fact and the trigger
point for the second accident, the second defendant would not have failed to
mention it in his police report if it had been true. To make matters worse,
the second defendant had then disavowed his police report by contending he did
not understand the contents. Neither was this allegation pleaded in the second
defendant’s defence which only alleged that the first defendant suddenly
encroached into his lane. The first defendant argued that the allegation was
clearly an afterthought and contended that the second defendant was an
unreliable witness.

43 The submissions (in para 58) went on to assert that the lane change and
overtaking by the first defendant were totally uneventful as they happen all
the time in multi-lane traffic. It was further contended that the first
defendant was already safely in the left lane as he was turning into the car
park entrance when the school bus of the second defendant collided into the
rear of the vehicle.

44 The first defendant further relied on the extensive damage to the vehicle
and to the school bus as corroborative evidence of the first defendant’s
version of how the first accident took place, but not the second defendant’s
version.

45 It was further contended by the first defendant that the second defendant
was in a hurry that morning to pick up 10 more students from three
condominiums in the Holland Road area. He only had 45 minutes in peak hour
traffic to get to Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3 by 8.15am via Farrer Road, Lornie Road,
Braddell Road and the Central Expressway The first defendant submitted that
the second defendant must have been speeding when going down the slope after
the Esso station, since there were skid marks appearing in photographs of
Queensway near the scene of the first accident which could only have been made
by the school bus (as the court pointed out).

46 The first defendant’s submissions went further to put the blame for the
first and second accidents squarely on the second defendant, contending it was
his negligence that set off the chain of events leading to the second
accident, relying on _Teng_ _Ching Sin and Anor v Leong Kwong Sun_ [1994] 1
SLR(R) 382. It was submitted that the second defendant was inattentive and
hence, failed to apply his brakes in time. Further, he should have known that
vehicles would enter and leave the car park, having plied the same route for
over a year.

47 Citing _SBS Transit Ltd v Stafford Rosemary Anne Jane_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 211
and _Mohammad Kassim Bin Sapil v Quah Lai Tee & Others_ [2003] SGHC 118 as
well as the expert’s report in [29], the first defendant submitted that but
for the first accident, the first defendant would not have caused the second
accident. Consequently, the second defendant’s case based on _novus_ _actus_
_interveniens_ was untenable _._

48 The first defendant argued that the second defendant had relied on the
first defendant’s criminal convictions in [4]. As the expert’s report was part
of the documents tendered in those proceedings in relation to the first
defendant’s mitigation plea and sentence, the expert’s report must be treated
as having been admitted as evidence of its truth. There was also no rebuttal
evidence from the second defendant. Therefore, it was no longer possible for
the second defendant to question the truth of the expert’s report.

49 For the reasons set out in my findings at [66], I do not accept the above
submission. The expert’s report was not admitted as part of the evidence
before this court. Consequently, the first defendant’s submissions based on
the document are rejected. The first defendant’s reliance on s 45A(5) of the
Evidence Act in this regard is also misconceived. The first defendant’s
contention that he can still call the expert to testify in relation to the
expert’s report (because the trial is not yet over) is incorrect; the
principles in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 would certainly preclude the
calling of such expert testimony after this trial. The first defendant should
not be given a second bite of the cherry to the irreparable prejudice of the
second defendant.

The second defendant’s submissions

50 I turn now to the submissions of the second defendant. He submitted that
the first defendant’s evidence was wildly inconsistent and in some parts
logically impossible. In this regard, I had earlier (at [39]) noted the
different versions given by the first defendant of how the first accident
happened, before and after he had visited the accident scene.

51 Counsel for the second defendant argued that his client’s version of how
the first accident happened was wholly consistent with a sudden cutting into
his lane by the first defendant/vehicle. As for the omission of this fact in
the police report of the second defendant, it was submitted that the second
defendant had given an adequate explanation for the failure of the police
officer who recorded his statement to do so – unlike the first defendant, the
second defendant does not read but speaks only basic English. The said police
officer had spoken to the second defendant in a mixture of English and
Mandarin. Therefore, it was quite believable that the communication between
them was less than perfect.

52 The second defendant submitted that the first defendant’s plea of guilt and
conviction in [4], and unqualified admission to the statement of facts
presented by the prosecution were clear evidence of his encroachment into the
lane of the second defendant.

53 It was also submitted that the court should draw an adverse inference
against the first defendant for his failure to call his wife to testify. Even
if less weight would be accorded to her testimony as she was not an
independent witness, she was a material witness and would have been able to
corroborate the first defendant’s version of events. (The first defendant had
countered this submission by contending that a similar adverse inference
should be drawn against the second defendant for failing to call his bus
conductress to testify).

54 It was pointed out that the first defendant had never patronised that
MacDonald’s outlet (N/E113) previously. Consequently, his unfamiliarity with
the outlet lent credence to the possibility that he did not know where the car
park entrance was when he overtook the school bus. He realized after
overtaking that the car park entrance was almost upon him. He tried to make a
sudden left turn into the car park, and in doing so, he cut into the path of
the second defendant causing the latter to brake the school bus hard albeit
too late to avoid the collision.

55 Consequently, the second defendant contended he should not be held liable
for the first accident. Even if the second defendant was to some extent
contributorily negligent for the first accident, there was no casual link
between the first and the second accidents (both in fact and in law) as to
hold the second defendant liable for the second accident. He blamed the first
defendant for causing both accidents.

The findings

Was the first accident caused by the first or the second defendant?

56 Having considered the oral and documentary evidence presented in court, I
am of the view that the first defendant was wholly to blame for the first
accident.

57 Notwithstanding the robust submissions put forth by his counsel that his
client’s testimony should be preferred to that of the second defendant, I find
that the first defendant’s version of how the first accident took place to be
less credible than the second defendant’s version and inconsistent with the
site measurements taken at the scene of the first accident.

58 The first defendant had contended initially that he first saw the school
bus when he was about 100m from the car park entrance. He had also admitted he
was driving at an excessive speed (N/E30) when he overtook the school bus. I
therefore do not believe the first defendant when he said he was travelling at
50kph for about a minute when he was behind the school bus. At that speed, he
would have covered 13.9m every second or 834m per minute. In 30 seconds, the
vehicle would have travelled 417m. The first defendant would have long passed
the car park entrance before he overtook the school bus if his evidence was
true. He was going well beyond 50kph. In this connection, the first
defendant’s submission that the second defendant was speeding undermined his
own case. If the school bus was travelling at or beyond 50kph, it must mean
that the first defendant was travelling at an even greater speed in order to
overtake the school bus.

59 When he filtered into the left lane from the middle lane, the first
defendant’s original testimony was that there was only 20m to the car park
entrance. The first defendant was also not familiar with that MacDonald’s
outlet. He had obviously cut sharply into the left lane in front of the school
bus when he realised he was about to overshoot the car park entrance. He must
also have braked hard to turn left into the car park entrance. As the second
defendant was driving a heavy bus with 20 students, he did not have sufficient
reaction time or distance to stop even after braking hard. There was no
vehicle leaving the car park when the vehicle turned sharply left into the car
park. That was a fabrication on the part of the first defendant for his
stopping at the entrance. He stopped because he had braked hard in making the
turn; it was not to allow any vehicle to leave the car park. He was not going
dead slow when he approached the car park entrance as he claimed.

60 It was telling that after he had visited the accident scene, the first
defendant changed his testimony to say he noticed the school bus as the
vehicle was approaching the Esso station. He went further to claim that he
started to overtake the school bus just before the Esso station, as shown in
the position marked X in the photograph at 4AB5. This belated change in his
testimony was clearly an afterthought. Even if his altered testimony was to be
believed, he would still have gone past the car park entrance if he travelled
at or faster than 50kph. The distance between the Farrer Road tunnel exit and
the car park entrance is only 570m (see [37] above). It would have taken the
first defendant 41 seconds to cover that distance had he stayed behind the
school bus for any amount of time.

61 It was more likely than not that the first defendant, driving the vehicle
at more than 50kph, overtook the school bus some distance after the Esso
station. Given the short distance of 20m to the car park entrance after his
overtaking, it would have taken the vehicle no more than 1.44 seconds to cover
that distance. The first defendant applied the brakes of the vehicle hard and
almost stopped because he had nearly overshot the car park entrance.

62 Upon being recalled, the first defendant testified there was another
vehicle (which make and model he could not recall) in the middle lane in front
of the vehicle that prevented him from filtering back to the left lane
immediately after he had overtaken the school bus before the Esso station.
This evidence was not in his AEIC or oral testimony on the first day of trial.
He suddenly remembered this crucial piece of evidence (N/E106) on the second
day. I disbelieve this new evidence.

63 I turn now to address the issue of whether an adverse inference should be
drawn against the first defendant for failing to call his wife to testify. The
first defendant’s closing submissions had cited s 124 of the Evidence Act to
explain her non-attendance in court. That provision has no relevance at all.
It states:

**124**. No person who is or has been married shall be compelled to disclose
any communication made to him during marriage by any person to whom he is or
has been married; nor shall he be permitted to disclose any such communication
unless the person who made it or his representative in interest consents,
except in suits between married persons or proceedings in which one married
person is prosecuted for any crime committed against the other.

64 In fact the relevant section of the Evidence Act is s 116(g) which states:

**116**. The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks
likely to have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural
events, human conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to
the facts of the particular case.

_Illustrations_

The court may presume –

...

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

65 I am of the view that an adverse inference should be drawn against the
first defendant for not calling his wife as his witness. Unlike the second
defendant who made no mention of the bus conductress save when he was cross-
examined, the first defendant specifically referred to his wife’s reactions
when he was accelerating the vehicle in the car park instead of braking and
stopping. It was for the court and not the first defendant or his counsel to
decide that the wife’s testimony would have little or no probative value,
after she had taken the stand. Based on s 116(g) of the Evidence Act, I am of
the view that had she testified, the wife’s testimony would have been
unfavourable to the first defendant.

66 Earlier (at [49]), I had indicated that the expert’s report would not be
admitted as evidence before this court as the maker Christopher Marks did not
testify. Contrary to the submissions of the first defendant, documents
incorporated in the various agreed bundles before the court were only meant to
dispense with formal proof. This was the basis upon which this court marked
the agreed bundles at the commencement of trial. The contents of the documents
were not admitted unless counsel indicated to the court otherwise. The fact
that counsel for the second defendant did not object to the inclusion of the
expert’s report in the agreed bundle did not mean he accepted the contents of
the expert’s report as true without more.

67 The first defendant’s submissions had conflated the issue of his conviction
under ss 279 and 338 of the Penal Code as admissions by the first defendant
under s 45A of the Evidence Act with that of the admission of the expert’s
report by the second defendant. Just because the expert’s report formed part
of the documents presented in the criminal proceedings against the first
defendant did not mean the second defendant had accepted the document’s
contents. This is clear from s 45A(1) of the Evidence Act which states:

**45A.** —(1) Without prejudice to sections 42, 43, 44 and 45, the fact that a
person has been convicted or acquitted of an offence by or before any court in
Singapore shall be admissible in evidence for the purpose of proving, where
relevant to any issue in the proceedings, that he committed (or, as the case
may be, did not commit) that offence, whether or not he is a party to the
proceedings; and where he was convicted, whether he was so convicted upon a
plea of guilty or otherwise.

The second defendant was merely relying on the unqualified admission made by
the first defendant to the prosecution’s statement of facts as evidence of his
negligence that caused the first and second accidents. Contrary to the first
defendant’s submissions, the expert’s report does not fall under the ambit of
s 45A(5) of the Evidence Act which states:

Where relevant, any document containing details of the information, complaint,
charge, agreed statement of facts or record of proceedings on which the person
in question is convicted shall be admissible in evidence.

68 I accept that the criminal conviction of the first defendant is most
relevant. More significantly, the first defendant admitted to the convictions
in his defence. It therefore does not lie in his mouth to deny his admission
that he encroached into the path of the school bus and to submit that this
court should consider evidence to the contrary. It is also a relevant factor
that the second defendant was never charged for any offence over the collision
of the school bus with the vehicle.

69 The first defendant’s submissions (at para 213) had referred to the second
defendant’s admissions of 10% liability for the claims made by the second and
third cars involved in the second accident. The second defendant should, but
was never cross-examined on why he had admitted to 10% liability for those
claims. Consequently, this submission of the first defendant is to be
disregarded.

70 Notwithstanding the second defendant’s poor estimates of distances and the
minor inconsistencies in his evidence, I find that he was a truthful witness
who did not attempt to embellish his testimony as the first defendant sought
to do after visiting the accident scene. After that visit, the court was able
to establish that the vehicle cut into the second defendant’s path at the
location of car park 13 which was 36.2m away from the entrance to the car
park. Travelling at 40 – 50kph, the school bus would have taken 3.2 or 2.6
seconds to cover the distance before the collision. I note that prior to the
site inspection, the second defendant had indicated that the encroachment by
the first defendant was some 200m away from the car park entrance. I do not
see this change in distances as an inconsistency in the second defendant’s
testimony that cast doubts on his credibility. He had readily admitted his
figure was an estimate.

71 It bears noting that the first defendant’s original testimony was
consistent with the second defendant’s version that the former had suddenly
cut into the latter’s path after the vehicle overtook the school bus and the
vehicle then tried to make a left turn into the car park.

Was there a break in the chain of causation between the first and the second
accidents?

72 Even if I am wrong in my first finding and the second defendant was partly
liable for the first accident, there was a break in the chain of causation
such that he is not liable for the second accident and the plaintiffs’ claim.

73 As observed earlier (at [29]), the first defendant’s submissions relied
heavily on the expert’s report and that the second accident was caused by the
unintended acceleration of the vehicle by the first defendant. I have already
rejected the expert’s report and need say no more on the issue. What is most
telling of the first defendant’s explanation of how the second accident
happened, both in his AEIC and in his oral testimony, is that he did not once
state that he had stepped on the accelerator accidentally. His evidence
throughout was that he could not take his foot off the accelerator and he
could not offer an explanation for his action.

74 The first defendant did not allege that the first accident caused him to
step on the accelerator. Instead, he pleaded in his defence that he panicked
(but offered no reasons), deposed in his AEIC that he saw something white,
claimed in court he had a blackout, and in his police report he stated he had
lost control of the vehicle after being hit by the school bus. Notwithstanding
his panicked state and/or blackout and/or white vision, the first defendant
had the presence of mind to swerve the vehicle towards the car park to avoid
crashing into MacDonald’s when his wife screamed. Then, he failed to brake and
continued to step on the accelerator and collided into the second and third
vehicles as well as the first plaintiff as a result. At this moment, he then
had the presence of mind to swerve the vehicle sharply to his right
thereafter. I note too that during his cross-examination (N/E26), the first
defendant agreed that he should not have stepped on the accelerator and it was
clearly the wrong thing to do.

75 I further note that the first defendant gave an unconvincing explanation in
[28] as to why his police report made no mention of his blackout, the white
vision he allegedly saw and his inability to take his foot off the
accelerator. Unlike the second defendant, the first defendant is literate in
English. Such important facts which could well have explained his conduct then
could not have been omitted from his police report if indeed they were true. I
am of the view that these excuses were conjured up by the first defendant
after the event and are unlikely to have taken place.

76 As stated earlier at [49], the expert’s report was not admitted into the
evidence before this court. It served little purpose therefore to consider
Christopher Mark’s opinions on why the first defendant stepped on and
continued to step on the accelerator. No medical evidence, which would have
been more relevant, was presented to explain why the first defendant stepped
on the accelerator and was unable to remove his foot therefrom (if it was true
which I doubt).

77 I should add that the cases cited in the first defendant’s submissions are
not helpful. The finding in every case of negligence turns on its own facts.
How a court decides in a case will depend very much on the facts peculiar to
the case itself.

78 I therefore accept the submission of the second defendant that the first
defendant’s act of stepping on the accelerator, instead of braking the
vehicle, constituted an intervening act that effectively broke the chain of
causation if there was indeed a causal link between the first and second
accidents.

Conclusion

79 Consequently, I find that the first defendant’s conduct caused the second
accident and he is wholly liable for the plaintiffs’ claim. The second
defendant shall have his costs from the first defendant for these proceedings
which are to be taxed on a standard basis unless otherwise agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

