Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Then Khek Khoon and another _v_ Arjun Permanand Samtani and another  
[2012] SGHC 17

Case Number| :| Suit No 1084 of 2009 (Summons No 5469 of 2011/F)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Philip Jeyaretnam, SC, (Rodyk & Davidson), as counsel,
instructed by Edde Ng, Cheryl Koh and Ho Xin Ling (Tan Kok Quan Partnership)
for the plaintiff; N Sreenivasan and Shankar A S (Straits Law) for the first
defendant; Subramanian Pillai, Luo Ling Ling and Edwin Chia (Colin Ng &
Partners) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Then Khek Khoon and another — Arjun Permanand Samtani and another  
  
14 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J :

Introduction

1 The 2nd defendant, Mr Tan Kah Ghee, (“Mr Tan”), seeks an injunction to
restrain the plaintiff’s solicitors, Messrs Tan Kok Quan Partnership (“TKQP”)
from acting as solicitors for the plaintiffs and/or giving legal advice in all
court matters arising out of these present proceedings.[note: 1]

2 These proceedings, (the main action, Suit No 1084 of 2009, consolidated with
Suit No 1085 of 2009/M and Suit No 1086 of 2009/R (“S 1084/2009”)), flow from
the protracted Horizon Towers litigation which culminated in the Court of
Appeal judgment setting aside the order of the Horizon Board for the
collective sale of the property (“Horizon Towers litigation”) on 2 April 2009:
see _Eng Ghee and others v Mamata Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners
Pte Ltd, intervener) and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109 (“the CA
Judgment”).

3 In the Horizon Towers litigation, the plaintiffs were part of a group of
subsidiary proprietors who opposed the collective sale. They were unsuccessful
before the Strata Titles Board (“STB”) and the High Court, but as noted,
succeeded before the Court of Appeal. The plaintiffs were represented by TKQP
before the STB, the High Court in relation to orders made by the STB and in
the judicial review application in the High Court before Choo Han Teck J (“STB
matters”). TKQP did not represent the plaintiffs in the Court of Appeal.

4 The 1st defendant to S 1084/2009, Mr Arjun Samtani (“Mr Samtani”) was the
chairman of the management council of Horizon Towers at the time the
collective sale was first mooted. He was later appointed as the chairman of
the original sales committee (“the original SC”). Mr Tan was also a member of
the original SC. It should be noted at the outset that Mr Samtani is neither
applicant nor respondent to Mr Tan’s application to restrain TKQP from
participating in any capacity in S 1084/2009. Mr Samtani adopts a neutral
stand, neither supporting nor opposing Mr Tan’s application for an injunction.

5 In S 1084/2009, the plaintiffs found their claim on the defendants’ breach
of fiduciary duties which the Court of Appeal found to be owed by the
defendants to the plaintiffs, due to a possible conflict of interest which the
defendants should have disclosed to the subsidiary proprietors:

(a) At the time of initiation of the collective sale process, unknown to other
members of the original SC, the defendants took steps to purchase additional
units in Horizon Towers.[note: 2] These purchases were only discovered during
the CA hearing and during the discovery process in S 1084/2009.[note: 3]

(b) As members of the original SC, the defendants breached duties owed to the
plaintiffs _qua_ agent, fiduciary and trustee which resulted in the
plaintiffs’ loss and damage.

(c) Specifically, at [38.1] of their Statement of Particulars, the plaintiffs
claim they suffered loss and damage as a result of the breach in the form of
the solicitor and client costs incurred in the sum of $264, 771.71 for the
proceedings leading up to the setting aside of the collective sale.[note: 4]
In the consolidated suit, S 1084/2009 the plaintiffs claim $752,665.15 in
total solicitor and client costs from the defendants.

It is noteworthy that the only pleaded loss and damage sought by the
plaintiffs is the solicitor and client costs paid by the plaintiffs to TKQP in
the STB matters. The plaintiffs also state that they will give credit for any
costs they recover in the Horizon Towers litigation; those bills, I have been
told by counsel, have yet to be taxed.

6 Mr Tan’s answer to the plaintiff’s claim in so far as it is relevant to this
application is as follows:[note: 5]

(a) The quantum of damages claimed by the plaintiff is “unreasonable and/or
manifestly excessive” or unreasonably incurred.

(b) The invoices listed at [38.1] of the Statement of Particulars are not
sufficiently particularised: the number of solicitors, their seniority, their
time costs incurred and their respective charge out rates.

(c) There was “substantial duplicity” of the work in representation of the
plaintiffs in the three suits which have been consolidated under S 1084/2009.

(d) There was “gross overcharging” in relation to the matters to which the
invoices relate.

7 Because Mr Tan challenges the quantum of loss and damage suffered by the
plaintiffs, and therefore the _reasonableness_ of TKQP’s invoices to the
plaintiffs (which were paid by the plaintiffs), Mr Tan contends that TKQP
should be prevented from representing the plaintiffs due to the professional
duties and obligations imposed on them under Rules 25 and 64 of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 61, R1, 2010 Rev Ed) (“LPPCR”).
Rules 25 and 64 of the LPPCR read as follows:

**Conflict of interest**

25\. During the course of a retainer, an advocate and solicitor shall advance
the client’s interest unaffected by:

(a) any interest of the advocate and solicitor;

(aa) where the advocate and solicitor is a partner or an employee of a limited
liability law partnership any interest of the limited liability law
partnership;

(b) any interest of any other person; or

(c) the advocate and solicitor’s perception of the public interest except
where accepting the instructions may make it difficult for him to maintain his
professional independence or would make it incompatible with the best
interests of the administration of justice.

**Solicitor not to act if he is a witness**

64 (1) An advocate and solicitor shall not accept instructions in a case in
which the advocate and solicitor has reason to believe that he is likely to be
a witness on a material question of fact.

(2) An advocate and solicitor shall discharge himself from representing a
client if it becomes apparent to the advocate and solicitor that he is likely
to be a witness on a material question of fact.

(3) In discharging himself, the advocate and solicitor shall take all
reasonable steps to ensure that his client’s interest is not in any way
jeopardised.

Urgency

8 The matter has assumed some urgency because the consolidated action is fixed
for hearing from 6 to 17 February 2012. This application was filed just before
the court vacation on 30 November 2011, fixed for hearing on 21 December 2011
but adjourned as counsel was not available due to the holiday season and came
before me on 10 January 2012. In view of the urgency, I gave my decision with
brief grounds on 27 January 2012 and told the parties that my written grounds
will follow.

9 It appears that Mr Tan, inadvertently or otherwise, has contributed to the
protraction of the main action by multiple changes of solicitors. Initially Mr
Tan was represented by TSMP Law Corporation and then by Mr Glenn Knight on or
around 29 July 2011, after which Mr Tan was a litigant in person. On 8 Nov
2011, Collin Ng Partners (“CNP”) were instructed and currently represent Mr
Tan.[note: 6] Mr Samtani has maintained the same representation throughout
these proceedings.

10 Mr Tan introduced the defence relating to the propriety of TKQP’s invoices
rather belatedly on 18 November 2011 by way of amendment to paragraphs 30-31
of his defence (above at [6]). This was no doubt due to CNP’s coming on board
and their assessment of the matter. While the plaintiffs objected to a large
number of the other amendments proposed, the position taken on paragraphs
30-31 was that reply submissions would be filed followed by an application for
further discovery.[note: 7] Mr Tan’s submission that the plaintiffs are
estopped from arguing against the merits of the defence raised in paragraphs
30-31 is without substance. In light of the seriousness of the remedy sought
by Mr Tan, the merits of the defence are a paramount consideration in the
present application. Further, it can be said that the plaintiffs reserved
their position by clearly stating their intention to file a reply.

11 On the other hand, the plaintiffs have taken out an application for
preliminary determination, in which they seek to establish that:

(a) The defendants’ defences amount to a collateral attack on the CA
judgement.

(b) In the alternative, the defences are unsustainable at law. In particular
the dispute relating to the invoices (forming the subject matter of dispute)
does not arise as damages for breaches of fiduciary duties are awarded based
on principles of restitution or equitable compensation.

The Issues

12 This application and the submissions have raised the following issues:

(a) _Issue 1_ : Does the Court have the inherent jurisdiction to hear an
application based on breaches of the LPPCR?

(i) If so, when should it exercise its discretion;

(ii) Is the Court the proper forum to determine a breach of the LPPCR;

(iii) If so, can Mr Tan, an adverse party, make the application;

(b) _Issue 2_ : What is the nature and extent of the alleged breaches of rr.
25 and 64 of the LPPCR and what facts support the present application;

(c) _Issue 3_ : Whether the scope of r 64 could extend beyond the testifying
solicitor to restrain all the solicitors at TKQP from acting for the
plaintiffs;

(d) _Issue 4_ : Whether the reasonableness of the invoices rendered to the
plaintiffs by their solicitors is a material fact in issue where the claim is
for equitable compensation for breach of fiduciary claim; and

(e) _Issue 5_ : If the Court takes the view that this is the proper forum, is
the evidence in support of the allegation of overcharging upon which the
breach of r 64 is premised, sufficient to trigger the court’s exercise of its
inherent jurisdiction?

Issue 1: Inherent jurisdiction of the Court

13 The inherent jurisdiction of the court is very widely expressed in O 92 r 4
of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”). It is
exercisable to prevent “injustice” or an “abuse of process”:

For the avoidance of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules
shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make
any order as may be necessary to **prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of
process of the Court.**

[emphasis added]

It has long been settled that O 92 r 4 of the Rules includes the jurisdiction
to regulate and supervise the conduct of Advocates and Solicitors as Officers
of this Court. That much is common ground. Further under paragraph 1 of
Schedule 1 of the Supreme Court Judicature Act, (Cap 322 Rev Ed 2007) the High
Court also has a very wide power to issue to “..._any person or authority any
direction, order or writ for the enforcement of any right conferred by any
written law or for any other purpose..._ ”

14 However, cases have laid down that the court’s inherent jurisdiction under
O 92 r 4 of the Rules should only be exercised where there is a clear need and
where the justice of the case so demands. In _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law
Society of Singapore_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 821 (“ _Wee Soon Kim_ ”) the Court of
Appeal said that whilst its inherent jurisdiction under O 92 r 4 or under the
common law should not be restricted by rigid tests or criteria, that
jurisdiction should be exercised judiciously. An essential touchstone
identified was the “need” for its invocation. In addition to the question of
prejudice to either party, the court held that there must be “reasonably
strong or compelling reasons showing why that jurisdiction should be invoked”:
see _Wee Soon Kim_ at [30]. Similarly in _Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd
and others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and another_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 353
at [16] and [17], the CA emphasized that inherent jurisdiction should only be
invoked in exceptional circumstances where there is a clear need for it and
the justice of the case so demands. In the words of Chao Hick Tin JA, the
“circumstances must be special”.

15 Accordingly, the issue is whether there are strong or compelling reasons
for the court’s inherent jurisdiction to be invoked and whether there is a
need to do so. For the reasons set out below, this is not a case where the
court should exercise its inherent jurisdiction to intervene.

Proper forum for the present application

16 This application is based on alleged breaches of the LPPCR. A question
arises: whether the Mr Tan’s complaint should more properly be dealt with by
the Law Society rather than the Court. The concern is that the court’s inquiry
and findings would effectively usurp the Law Society’s jurisdiction in hearing
the issue first instance; it subverts the proper inquiry and due process laid
down in the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, Rev Ed 2009) (“LPA”) and denies
TKQP its rights thereunder.

17 This view that the Law Society is the proper forum for a determination of
breaches of the LPPCR is not new. In _Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and
others_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 798 (“ _Ong Jane Rebecca_ ”), Choo J took the view
that a declaration of propriety by measure of the LPPCR could only be made by
the Law Society after a full enquiry. He stated that it was not for the court
to usurp the jurisdiction of the Disciplinary Committee (“DC”). In _Ong Jane
Rebecca_ , ironically, TKQP sought an order to cease acting for their client
due to the possible breaches of rr. 29 and 31 of the LPPCR if they continued
with their representation. The court took the position that it was for the
solicitor to decide if there was a conflict or breach of the LPPCR and the
propriety of his/her decision would be determined by a DC upon full inquiry.
Similarly, prior to the DC’s determination in _The Law Society of Singapore v
Tan Chun Chuen Malcolm_ [2006] SGDSC 11 (at [13]) (“ _LSS v Malcolm_ ”), when
the issue of a possible breach of an LPPCR rule was raised in the main action
before the High Court, V K Rajah JC, as he then was, informed the parties that
any possible breach of the LPPCR was a matter between the Law Society and the
respondent. Similar to the present case, the facts of _LSS v Malcolm_ also
involved a possible breach of r 64 of the LPPCR.

18 Apart from some New Zealand and Australian cases, which are dealt with
below, the cases where the court has exercised its jurisdiction and intervened
for breaches of the LPPCR also involved the protection of or possible misuse
of confidential information acquired by a solicitor at Common Law. For example
in _Alrich Development Pte Ltd v Rafiq Jumabhoy_ [1994] 3 SLR 1 at 25 (“
_Alrich Development_ ”), Chao Hick Tin J, as he then was, discussed the issue
of a possible conflict of interest due to a law firm’s employment of a
solicitor who had been an employee of the firm acting for the opposing party.
The mischief the court was concerned with was the classic situation of a
conflict of interest arising from the possible misuse of confidential
information. While the court did not find that there was a conflict of
interest on the facts, the issue of proper forum was not raised or discussed.
In _Vorobiev Nikolay v Lush John Frederick Peters and others_ [2011] 1 SLR 663
_(“Vorobiev Nikolay”)_ , Lee Seiu Kin J granted an injunction to restrain
solicitors (all solicitors in the firm rather than a specific advocate) from
acting for the client on account of breach of r 31(1) LPPCR. The party who
sought the injunction successfully claimed that their reason for objecting was
that the solicitors they sought to restrain acted for them in a related
matter. Again the issue of proper forum was not ventilated by the court.
However, at [24], the learned judge quoted from _The Law Society of Singapore
v Seah Li Ming Edwin_ and another [2007] 3 SLR(R) 401, also at [24], where the
Court of Three Judges observed that behind r 31(1) was a larger public
interest, _viz_ , the trust between lawyer and client should not be
compromised as the legitimacy of the law in general and the confidence of
clients in their lawyers are of fundamental importance and should not be
undermined. Agreeing, Lee J underscored the larger public interest beyond the
need to protect against disclosure of confidential information under r 31 _per
se_ which was the solicitor-client relationship of trust and ensuring public
confidence in the integrity of the legal profession.

19 The difference between _Ong Jane Rebecca_ and _LSS v Malcolm_ on the one
hand and _Alrich Development_ and _Vorobiev Nikolay_ on the other, is that in
the latter two cases, the court was not dealing with breaches of the LPPCR
_per se_ , but also the common law protection of confidential information, the
possible breach of legal professional privilege and the wider public interest.
This gave rise to legal obligations upon which the court could have exercised
its jurisdiction to restrain the solicitors from the possible misuse of such
confidential information. In such cases, the complainant was often the client
on the other side. This was something quite independent of the purported
breaches of the LPPCR.

20 This was the precise distinction which the English court made in _David Lee
& Co (Lincoln) Ltd v Coward Chance (a firm)_ and others [1991] Ch 259 (“
_David Lee_ ”) which opined that the Law Society was the right forum to
determine breaches of professional rules of conduct. The court recognised that
professional rules tended to impose a higher duty on the members of the
profession than the law itself. Further, the decision to restrain the
solicitors was made on the basis of legal obligations owed to the client and “
_not the obligations imposed by professional rules of conduct laid down by the
Law Society_ ”. Similar reasoning was applied in _In Re a Firm of Solicitors_
[1992] 1 QB 959 (“ _In Re a Firm of Solicitors”_) where the court limited
itself to the common law and only applied rules from the conduct rules which
were within the boundaries of existing obligations owed at law.

21 In _Prince Jefri Bolkiah v KPMG (a firm)_ [1999] 2 AC 222, at 234-235, the
then House of Lords emphasized the limited situations in which an injunction
will be granted to restrain solicitors from acting, _viz_ , where (i) if the
solicitor acted against a present client, this is based on a solicitor’s duty
of loyalty to his client, just as a fiduciary cannot act for and against a
client at the same time, and (ii) where there is a potential or possible
misuse of confidential information obtained by a solicitor from a former
client, this was based on a continuing duty to preserve the confidentiality of
information imparted during the solicitor-client relationship. Also, _In Re a
Firm of Solicitors_ [1997] 1 Ch 1 at 9, the court emphasized that the basis of
intervention was not a possible perception of impropriety, but the protection
of confidential information.

22 When read in light of these principles, the decisions in _Alrich
Development_ and _Vorobiev Nikolay_ are not inconsistent with _LSS v Malcolm_
and _Ong Jane Rebecca_. It therefore seems to me that where one is concerned
only with breaches of the LPPCR, which do not trigger any concurrent breach of
legal obligations owed by the counsel to the court or the client at Common
Law, the proper forum for investigation and determination of the breach is the
Law Society rather than the Court. I should not be taken to say that this is
an immutable rule. There may be special or exceptional circumstances where the
nature of the complaint is such that on an objective view, a reasonable, fair
minded observer would think that a fair trial would not be possible without
the Court’s intervention and restraint of the advocate or solicitor from
continuing to act. Where matters impinge on the proper administration of
justice, due process and wider public interest issues, the Court should
intervene, either on its own initiative or pursuant to a complaint by the
other party. The Court must not allow confidence in the administration of
justice to be undermined.

23 Mr Subramaniam Pillai (“Mr Pillai”), counsel for Mr Tan, submitted that I
should follow certain New Zealand and Australian cases which show a liberal
invocation of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to intervene in exercise of
its supervisory powers over the conduct of counsel.

24 In _Kooky Garments Ltd v Charlton_ [1994] 1 NZLR 587, (“ _Kooky Garments_
”), in the course of an appeal from the District Court, Thomas J said that it
was not appropriate for a partner or solicitor in the law firm which acted for
a tenant, to represent that tenant in a subsequent dispute where the crucial
question was whether a letter written by another solicitor in that firm, the
material terms of which appeared to be different from their instructions, was
an acceptance of an offer of a lease from the landlord’s letting agent. Thomas
J observed that where the possible acts or omissions of a law firm, including
situations where the actions of the client are based on the advice given by
solicitors, are at the heart of the question in issue, that firm is, in a real
sense, defending its advice and/or its actions. In such circumstances there
was a danger that the client will not be represented with the objectivity and
independence which the client is entitled to and which the court will demand.
I entirely agree with this principle. As set out in the judgement, such a
client is entitled to independent advice untrammelled by considerations of
possible personal liability of the solicitors. The reported decision in _Kooky
Garments_ was limited to this aspect and it appears that it was the judge who
raised this issue. In dismissing the appeal, he accordingly ordered that the
party and party costs below and the appeal were to be borne by the solicitors
personally. This case illustrates the principle referred to above, _viz_ , the
integrity of the judicial process is undermined if solicitors or counsel do
not possess the objectivity and independence which their professional
responsibility and obligations to the court require of them. The court
intervened because no one had raised the point and the court could not let it
pass without intervention. However in the present case, the complaint by Mr
Tan relates to professional fees rendered to and paid by the opposing party to
its own solicitor in what appears to be, normal circumstances. It does not
relate to any advice or ‘potential’ liability of TKQP or advice or action
lying at the heart of the matter in the other proceedings. In _Kooky Garments_
, Thomas J also said, at [50], the principle enunciated by him does not apply
where the advice given is unrelated to the liability or the question in
dispute. This case is thus of no assistance to Mr Tan.

25 The decision of _Brogue Tableau Pty Ltd v Tottle Partners (a firm)_ [2006]
WASC 273, (“ _Brogue Tableau”_), is slightly different. The factual situation
was analogous to the present case. Solicitors successfully represented their
client, Binningup, in the removal of a caveat lodged against its land. The
court ordered, _inter alia_ , the removal of the caveat and awarded costs of
the action to be taxed to Binningup. These costs were later agreed at $17,000
and duly paid. Binningup then commenced an action to assess compensation under
s 140 of the Transfer of Land Act 1893 (Western Australia) and claimed
$34,582.15 and counsel fees of $8,700 which were paid by it, over and above
the compromised costs of $17,000, to their solicitors for the removal of the
caveat action (“s 140 proceedings”). The opposing party applied to court to
restrain Binningup’s solicitors from representing Binningup in the s 140
proceedings. It is interesting to note that the court rejected all but one of
the opposing party’s arguments. On the basis that what was claimed was
compensation, not damages, the court held that there was no substance in the
submission that Binningup’s solicitors had an interest in the proceedings in
that, if the level of fees they charged was inappropriate, they would perhaps
have to refund moneys already paid. The court said it was not infrequently
that solicitors have an interest in an aspect of a case which affects their
fees, examples include, a solicitor who applied for costs after a successful
application or who attends a party and party taxation. The court took the view
that it could not be said that the solicitors have so direct an interest in
the proceedings that they should not represent their clients whether or not
their clients complained. The court issued the injunction against the
solicitors only on the basis that there was a difference in what Binningup had
_agreed to accept_ as its costs and the costs it was claiming over and above
that as compensation and it was open to the opposing party to argue that even
if what Binningup was entitled to was compensation and not damages, the amount
of costs claimed as compensation was unethical. If the ethics of the solicitor
became an issue, then the solicitor’s interest would be different to that of
the client. The rest of the judgement goes against Mr Tan’s arguments. That
case is certainly distinguishable from the present proceedings, where the
facts are very different.

26 I was also referred to _Bowen v Stott_ [2004] WASC 94. At first blush, this
Western Australian case appears similar to _Brogue Tableau_ in that the
applicant to restrain the solicitor was an opposing party but, upon closer
examination, its facts are more akin to _Kooky Garments_ in that the very fact
in issue, whether there was a settlement which included an apology by way of a
retraction of certain words allegedly said, depended on the lawyers who were
the ones negotiating the settlement, their client not being present, and there
was potential liability in settling the matter if they failed to obtain the
apology their client required before she was prepared to settle her case.
_Bowen v Stott_ therefore does not assist Mr Tan either.

27 There were other cases cited but I do not find it necessary to go into them
because there is a more fundamental reason why the practice adopted in these
cases should not be followed here. Where we have our own CA judgments setting
out the boundaries of this Court’s exercise of its inherent jurisdiction,
laying down certain principles and guidelines for their application, which are
directly applicable to the case in hand, we should approach the prevailing
practices of other jurisdictions with much circumspection. First, these other
jurisdictions may well have their own reasons to adopt their differing
approaches, including differences in the wording of their professional conduct
or ethical rules. Secondly, and most importantly, our CA decisions are binding
on me unless the CA itself decides to vary, refine or depart from its earlier
decisions.

Where the application to restrain is by the opposing party

28 Where the application is made by an opposing party to restrain lawyers a
court will look carefully into the grounds for doing so and if necessary carry
out a balancing exercise, _a fortiori_ if the application is made at a late
stage. In the Australian decision of _Tricontinental Corporation Ltd v Holding
Redlick_ (VSC, Mandie J, 22 December 1994) at 5 (“ _Tricontinental_ ”) the
court held that “[i]t is a serious matter to prevent a party from retaining
the legal representative of its choice, particularly upon the application not
of a former client but of an adverse party”. In _Kalenik v Apostolidis_ [2005]
VSC 27 the reasoning of the court in _Tricontinental_ was followed. It is
noteworthy that both these cases involved possible misuse of confidential
information and not pure breaches of professional conduct rules. Many American
Bar Associations have an exception that the lawyer-witness rule may not be
invoked where such disqualification would work substantial hardship on a
client. A court will therefore have to balance the mischief that is to be
prevented against the right of a party to be represented by a lawyer of his
choice. This involves a balancing of all the facts and circumstances including
the alleged breach, the _bona fides_ of the opposing-party-applicant, the time
at and circumstances under which the application is made and the mischief the
rule is intended to prevent. In the present case, the plaintiffs did not
complain over their solicitor’s bills and have, in fact, paid them sometime
ago and it is the opposing party who now complains that those bills are
manifestly excessive or constitute gross overcharging. Mr Tan contends that,
for that reason, the plaintiffs’ lawyers should be disqualified from acting. I
cannot agree. The circumstances surrounding this application are dealt with
below, see [31], [32] and [50].

Issue 2: Breach of rr. 25 and 64

29 I now turn to Mr Tan’s bases of his application, _viz_ , TKQP’s continued
representation of the plaintiffs would be in breach of rr. 25(a) and 64 of the
LPPCR.

Rule 25 of the LPPCR

30 Rule 25(a) of the LPPCR lays down the principle that an advocate and
solicitor should not allow a conflict of interest between the client’s
interest and that of the advocate and solicitor. It is alleged that TKQP has a
personal interest in maintaining that their fees rendered to the plaintiffs in
the Horizon Towers litigation are reasonable and neither manifestly excessive
nor a gross overcharging for the work done. Mr Tan’s defence is that he is not
liable for the fees borne by the plaintiffs because TKQP’s charges are
unreasonable, manifestly excessive or amount to a gross overcharging of the
plaintiffs.

31 As pointed out by the plaintiffs, and accepted by Mr Tan,[note: 8] TKQP’s
invoices were rendered for work done over a period of time in 2007 and the
invoices have been paid. The bulk of the payments were made in 2007 and some
instalments were paid in 2008. This was well before the appeal on 3 February
2009 and the CA judgment on 2 April 2009. It is significant to note that at
the time TKQP’s bills were rendered, the plaintiffs had failed in all their
attempts to halt the collective sale. The plaintiffs were represented by
another set of solicitors in the CA and it is only before the CA that the
plaintiffs prevailed. TKQP’s bills did not appear to be to be rendered in a
state of euphoria that follows upon a victory in court nor rendered at
sanguine (let alone inflated) levels in anticipation of partial recovery from
party-and-party costs from the other side. They were rendered and paid well
before any finding of breaches of fiduciary duty were made by the CA.

32 Nor is this a case where payment of TKQP’s fees is in some way contingent
upon recovery from the plaintiffs. TKQP’s interest is in fact aligned with
that of their client in establishing the ‘reasonableness’ of the invoices.
There is no evidence at all that the plaintiffs are unhappy about the level of
fees charged or that they have been overcharged or that the fees are
unreasonable, let alone manifestly excessive or at a level reaching gross
overcharging. There are no allegations or even hints of fraud or collusion on
the part of TKQP and the plaintiffs, in fabricating invoices with higher
amounts in order to enhance recovery from the plaintiffs. I therefore do not
see any conflict of interest on the evidence before me. Insofar as Mr Pillai
urges me to read _Brogue Tableau_ in the way that he submits, with respect, I
cannot agree that I can restrain TKQP from acting because there is a
_possibility_ that TKQP’s fees might be held to be unreasonable, manifestly
excessive, unreasonably incurred or the result of gross overcharging. The
compensation claimed by the plaintiffs are the fees rendered and paid some
time ago. Further, the plaintiffs have undertaken to give credit for any taxed
party-and-party costs recovered. On the facts as they stand now and the
circumstances in which the bills were rendered, that is, in the words of the
judgement in _Brogue Tableau_ , at [13] and [14], Mr Tan is not only “jumping
at shadows” but also making “effectively a pre-emptive strike” to disrupt the
plaintiff’s representation by solicitors of their choice at this late stage.
It is also noteworthy that the plaintiffs have chosen TKQP for this recovery
action and not the solicitors who succeeded before the CA. There are obvious
advantages to the plaintiffs for TKQP to represent them in this recovery
action as TKQP are already well acquainted with the facts of the case.

33 In _The_ _Law Society of Singapore v Koh Lee Kheng Florence_ [2005] SGDSC 7
(“ _LSS v Florence_ ”), in the discussion relating to r 25(a), the DC stated
that the purpose of the rule is:

**[T]he protection of the client**. It follows that the **client must be the
aggrieved party when his solicitor breaches that rule.** That rule is not
meant for ex-partners or solicitors representing the opposite side to use to
vent their frustrations, however justified they may feel.

[emphasis added]

The DC commented that if all the Law Society needed to prove to establish a
breach of r 25 was the solicitor’s pecuniary interests (which is a given in
the case of his bill) and the client’s loss in his payment of costs to the
successful party, then such a solicitor and most of the legal profession would
have breached r 25(a). The DC took the view that so long as the interest of
the client and solicitor was aligned, no issue of conflict arose. A finding of
a breach of r 25 of the LPPCR requires something more.

34 There may be cases where an uninformed or disadvantaged client may not
realise that he has been grossly overcharged by his lawyer. In such cases, the
independent quality of the advice his lawyer will be able to provide on the
reasonableness of the lawyer’s invoices to the plaintiffs will be in issue. In
Andrew Boon and Jennifer Levin’s _The Ethics and Conduct of Lawyers in England
and Wales_ (Hart Publishing, 1999) at 281, the authors discussed the proper
procedure to be followed in the event of such a personal conflict of interest:

In these cases the solicitor must reveal the interests to the client with
“complete frankness” and the client must receive independent advice from
another solicitor or other appropriate advisor such as a surveyor. Only if the
client gets such advice can the solicitor continue to act in relation to the
transaction.

35 While Mr Tan may argue that the plaintiffs will not get independent advice
from TKQP on whether the invoices rendered by them are reasonable or a case of
gross overcharging, this conflict is for the client to remedy. Whether TKQP
have advised their clients (i.e. the plaintiffs) to seek independent advice on
the level of their fees is a matter between TKQP and the plaintiffs, not the
defendants.

36 There is no suggestion that the plaintiffs are ignorant or disadvantaged
clients and I can see no issues of injustice arising on this score. In the
circumstances, I take the view that a possible breach of r 25 on the issue of
the independence of TKQP’s advice on its invoices is a matter between the
client, TKQP and if it comes to it, the Law Society, but not the defendants.
Furthermore, in light of the facts as they stand, I found this application to
be without any basis.

Rule 64 of the LPPCR

37 The rationale behind r 64, known as the advocate-witness rule, can be found
in Lord Ried’s speech in _Rondell v Worsley_ [1969] 1 AC 191 at 224 on the
duty of counsel to court. As it should be graven on the heart of any advocate
worth his salt, it bears repeating:

Every counsel has a duty to his client fearlessly to raise every issue,
advance every argument, and ask every question, however distasteful, which he
thinks will help his client’s case. But, as an officer of the court concerned
in the administration of justice, he has an overriding duty to the court, to
the standards of his profession, and to the public, which may and often does
lead to a conflict with his client’s wishes or with what the client thinks are
his personal wishes. Counsel must not mislead the court, he must not lend
himself to casting aspersions on the other party or witnesses for which there
is no sufficient basis in the information in his possession, he must not
withhold authorities or documents which may tell against his clients but which
the law or the standards of his profession require him to produce.

38 It is readily apparent that r 64 also overlaps with r 25. An advocate’s
independence and objectivity are two key attributes required in the discharge
of his duty to the court. Breaches of r 64 will usually also concern the
public interest issue of confidence in the proper administration of justice
and therefore falls within the inherent jurisdiction of the court. But whether
the court intervenes depends on _inter alia_ , the presence of compelling
reasons or special or exceptional circumstances and the necessity of doing so.

39 There can be no doubt that courts depend on an advocate’s integrity,
independence, objectivity and impartiality to assist them in dispensing
justice. This ability to be independent, objective and impartial is seriously
in doubt when an advocate is asked to remove his robe and move from the bar
table to the witness stand to give evidence which is neither formal or
undisputed. There may well be a subconscious shaping of the evidence or the
case to negate a potential professional negligence claim. To preserve the
integrity of the proper administration of justice, such a situation should be
avoided.

40 There are therefore clear authorities on the point that when a solicitor is
to testify to a material fact in his client’s claim he should discharge
himself. In _LSS v Florence_ , the material fact in dispute was the cost
arrangement entered into for which the solicitor was likely to be called as a
witness. The DC stated that the origin of r 64 was that an advocate and
solicitor had a paramount duty to the court to testify to the truth and it was
the conflict between the interest of the client and the duty of the court
which r 64 sought to avoid. Along the same vein, in _Commissioner for
Corporate Affairs v P W Harvey_ [1980] VR 669 the court found that an advocate
must be able to promise the court, singularity of interest. The purity of
interest in advocates before the court was identified as central to the
utility and credence of the system. In fact in _LSS v_ _Malcolm_ the DC took
the absolute position that once a solicitor had reason to believe he was
likely to be a witness on a material question of fact, he should not continue
to act for the client in any capacity.

Issue 3: Scope of r 64 LPPCR’s application

41 Does r 64 also apply where it is not the advocate who is giving evidence
but his partner or another solicitor in his firm? Mr Tan’s application seeks
to disqualify _all_ solicitors of TKQP from representing the plaintiffs
notwithstanding the degree of their involvement with the invoices in question.
Mr Tan contends that notwithstanding Mr Kannan Ramesh’s (_i.e._ the solicitor
who rendered the invoices in dispute) removal from the case, he continues to
instruct the solicitors and/or they are working under his supervision.[note:
9] Mr Tan submitted that passing on the plaintiff’s file to another litigation
partner not involved in the disputed invoices would still be in breach of r
64(2) of the LPPCR and relied heavily on _Ho Kon Kim v Betsy Lim Gek Kim &
Ors_ [2001] SGHC 75 (“ _Betsy Lim_ ”). In _Betsy Lim_ , the court held that r
64(2) of the LPPCR would still be breached where the advocate-witness passed
the file to another partner in the firm, not involved in the matter in issue,
to handle the litigation. The learned judge held that the solicitors for Mdm
Ho Hon Kim (“Mdm Ho”) were in serious dereliction of their duty in advising
their client to pursue a claim against the 2nd defendant, a law firm, and the
3rd defendant, a bank. Pursuant to O 59 r 8 of the Rules, the learned judge
ordered that the solicitors should personally bear the costs that Mdm Ho had
to pay these two parties. In the course of her judgment, the learned trial
judge also ruled that the solicitors had breached no less than 5 of the
professional conduct rules, including rr. 25 and 64, and took a very dim view
of the solicitors alleging dishonesty and fraud against another solicitor
without any evidence to substantiate their allegations.

42 When that decision was urged upon me, counsel for Mr Samtani, Mr
Sreenivasan, interjected, despite his client’s neutral stand in the
application, to point out that _Betsy Lim_ was reversed on appeal. This, if I
may say so, was a very good example of the principle referred to above, that
the courts depend on the integrity, independence, objectivity and impartiality
of counsel to assist them in carrying out their function in dispensing
justice.

43 The CA in _Betsy Lim_ allowed the appeal and reversed the personal cost
order that had been made against Mdm Ho’s solicitors under O 59 r 8 of the
Rules. The CA held that the other solicitor who was alleged to have acted
dishonestly was potentially liable for having been involved as an accessory
to, or having assisted the buyer in disposing of Mdm Ho’s property in breach
of trust. Mdm Ho’s solicitors therefore acted reasonably in making the claims
that they did and against the parties named as defendants. The CA did not
express a conclusive view on the reach of r 64(2) LPPCR but did say the
following at [62] and [63]:

62 ... The mere failure of Mr Ponniah [the litigation partner] and Mr Wong
[the conveyancing partner, both of whom were in the firm which acted for Mdm
Ho] to advise Mdm Ho to seek independent legal advice or to discharge
themselves could not be said to have caused Mdm Ho to have incur the costs of
the action against WLAW and RHB, as it cannot be said with reasonable
certainty that any other independent or prudent or reasonable lawyer would not
have given the same advice.

63 It may be that for obviously good reasons Mr Ponniah and Mr Wong should not
have acted for her in these proceedings. First, they knew fully well that Mr
Wong himself would be a material witness in the proceedings to be taken
against Ms Lim, and second that they had a personal interest in the case as it
was their firm which had acted for Mdm Ho in the sale of the property and
mortgage to OCBC. **_Without expressing any view on this matter, we would just
mention that it may be said that_****prima facie**** _the problem that had
arisen could be said to have been caused by the way in which Mr Wong handled
the transaction for Mdm Ho. Both Mr Wong and Mr Ponniah should have discharged
themselves from acting for Mdm Ho and should have advised her to seek
independent legal advice._** ...

[emphasis added]

44 Rule 64 is worded as applying to the advocate and solicitor himself. This
is unlike the equivalent English version of the advocate-witness rule which is
expressly wider in its scope; the relevant English Rule 21.12 reads as
follows:

A solicitor must not accept instructions to act as advocate for a client if it
is clear that he or she **or a member of the firm** will be called as a
witness on behalf of the client, unless the evidence is purely formal.

[emphasis added]

This distinction was recognised and highlighted in _LSS v Malcolm_. It is thus
not surprising that in an Opinion of the Ethics Committee of the Law Society
of Singapore, published in the Singapore Law Gazette on 29 January 2009, r
64(2) was interpreted to only require the particular advocate who is likely to
be a witness to discharge himself. The Ethics Committee specifically stated
that other members of the firm could continue to conduct the suit.[note: 10]

45 Mr Pillai cited the old English decision of _Davies v Clough_ (1837) 8 Sim
262 where a solicitor acted against a former client using personal information
gained in the original matter. The court found that as the firm was conceived
under the traditional partnership model, any act of one partner was that of
another. The court took the view that if one partner was restrained, it would
follow that all partners should be restrained notwithstanding their
involvement. Mr Pillai submits, that this principle should also be applied
here.

46 The difficulty is that r 64 makes perfect sense when applied to a split
profession with barristers and solicitors. In the old English context, one
would not expect a barrister or his junior to take off their robes and enter
the witness stand to give evidence on a material point. They were all sole
practitioners and had no partners or professional employees. The applicability
of that simple self evident rule was on less secure contextual footing when
solicitors were also allowed to act as counsel in court as they had partners
and employee solicitors. This is now complicated by law firms today comprising
a few hundred lawyers, the mobility of groups of lawyers crossing from one
firm to another and to law firms practising in more than one jurisdiction and
possibly subject to different professional conduct rules. If law firms A and B
have an overseas practice and law firm A’s overseas branch acquires a group of
solicitors from law firm B’s overseas branch, how does r 64 work? Does r 64
still bite in A and B’s home jurisdiction? I would venture that it becomes
conceptually more muddled when one considers the concept of a limited
liability partnership or solicitors in a limited liability corporation. In a
limited liability partnership, if partner X’s file gives rise to a potential
negligence claim, partner X’s liability is quite different from partner Y, who
had nothing to do with X’s files. When this is compared to a traditional
partnership, it may be difficult to take the same simplistic view.

47 However, in my view, while the wording of r 64(2) of the LPPCR is expressly
limited to the advocate and solicitor and in certain situations should be
restrictively applied, we should go back to basics and ask: what is the real
mischief targeted? As rightly pointed out by Jeffrey Pinsler SC in _Ethics and
Professional Responsibility: A Code for the Advocate and Solicitor_ (Academy
Publishing, 2007) at 156, it is the danger of the subconscious shaping of the
evidence to suit the solicitor’s interest as against that of his client and
the duty to the court. This particular concern, depending on the interest and
evidence in question could easily impact the firm collectively. It is
incontrovertible that the LPPCR should be interpreted with proper appreciation
of the mischief to be averted rather than in a strict textual fashion. In _Law
Society of Singapore v Tan Phuay Khiang_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 477, at [100] and
[120], the court held as follows:

100 It is also axiomatic that it is the spirit and intent, rather than just
the plain letter, of the professional ethical rules that breathe life and
legitimacy into the standards that are relevant in assessing whether a lawyer
has discharged his professional obligations.

...

120 Ethical codes, practices and standards must be religiously observed and
adhered to, as an unequivocal affirmation of and testament to the legal
profession's undivided commitment to probity, competence and diligence in the
practice of the law. However, it must also be stressed that a rigid and
formalistic adherence to the codes of practice without a proper appreciation
of their spirit, purport and intent may from time to time lead to ethical
blindness.

48 Whether r 64(2) would extend to all other solicitors in the firm therefore
depends on the facts and circumstances of each case. No rigid rules or
criteria should be laid down. So long as the sub-conscious shaping of evidence
is of genuine concern and the issues envelop the entire firm, it seems to me
that r 64(2) of the LPPCR can be interpreted to extend accordingly. However, a
wider interpretation should be adopted only when the mischief intended has a
real possibility of occurring. Two significant guideposts include, first, the
mischief that r 64 is meant to avoid and secondly, whether the heart of the
client’s case touches upon the correctness or otherwise of an act or document
generated or soundness of advice given by the advocate’s partner or other
member of his firm. The degree of his loss of objectivity, the degree to which
it impacts or can potentially affect his practice, (be it a traditional
partnership, or limited liability partnership or limited liability
corporation), and therefore the fulfilment of his duty to the court, is the
true question to be answered. I would venture to say that even in the context
of a limited liability partnership, there _may_ be direct pecuniary interest
in the outcome of the client’s case since any significant payment of a
negligence claim by the professional indemnity insurer will inevitably be
visited with higher premium payments in the following years for all solicitors
in that limited liability partnership. There can also be an indirect pecuniary
loss, depending on the circumstances of the case, where reputational damage is
incurred which will affect the limited liability partnership’s ability to
attract work. It will all depend on the particular facts of each case.

49 I conclude this issue by contrasting the American Bar Association (“ABA”)
Code of Conduct which deals with the advocate-witness rule in a slightly
different fashion (“ABA rules”). Similar to r 64 of the LPPCR, the equivalent
ABA rule is expressly limited to the advocate-witness in question.

_Advocate_

Rule 3.7 Lawyer As Witness

(a) A lawyer shall not act as advocate at a trial in which the lawyer is
likely to be a necessary witness unless:

(1) the testimony relates to an uncontested issue;

(2) **the testimony relates to the nature and value of legal services rendered
in the case** ; or

(3) disqualification of the lawyer would work substantial hardship on the
client.

(b) **A lawyer may act as advocate in a trial in which another lawyer in the
lawyer's firm is likely to be called as a witness unless precluded from doing
so by Rule 1.7 or Rule 1.9** [rule on conflicts of interest].

[emphasis added]

The ABA’s position, which is clear from the commentary to this rule, is that
the tribunal has proper objection when the trier of fact may be confused or
misled by a lawyer serving both as advocate and witness. The emphasis placed
is on the possibility of the tribunal being misled rather than the
subconscious shaping of evidence. This focus is rooted in their jury system.
Interestingly, r 3.7(a)(2) expressly recognizes that where the testimony
concerns the extent and value of legal services rendered in the action in
which the testimony is offered, permitting the lawyers to testify avoids the
need for a second trial with new counsel to resolve that issue. In such a
situation the judge has firsthand knowledge of the matter in issue; hence,
there is less dependence on the adversarial process to test the credibility of
the testimony. Furthermore, apart from these two exceptions, r 3.7(a)(3)
recognizes that a balancing is required between the interests of the client
and those of the tribunal and the opposing party. Despite the risk of
prejudice to either party or a real risk of the compromise of the evidence
given to the court, due regard must be given to the effect of disqualification
on the lawyer’s client in determining whether the lawyer should be
disqualified. It should be noted that r 3.7(b) expressly allows another lawyer
from the testifying lawyer’s firm to continue to act for the client on the
basis that the tribunal is not likely to be misled when a lawyer acts as
advocate in a trial in which another lawyer in the lawyer’s firm will testify
as a necessary witness. The exception is in situations involving a conflict of
interest.

50 On the facts of this case, I do not see any breach of r 64. In addition to
the facts recited above, there is the fact that the amount of work done is
something that is readily ascertainable as the main litigation has ended.
Whether there was urgency or not, the issues involved and the stakes in the
event of success or failure are all matters that can be easily established and
weighed. Disbursements incurred, such as the solicitors’ airfare, can also be
objectively ascertained. I now turn to whether the allegations are a “material
fact in issue” (as required by r 64 of the LPPCR).

Issue 4: Is the ‘reasonableness’ of the invoices a material fact in issue?

Basis of computation of loss for breach of fiduciary duty claim

51 Mr Jeyaretnam SC, counsel for the plaintiffs, submits that there is a more
fundamental flaw in Mr Tan’s application. He takes the view that the level of
fees TKQP charged the plaintiffs is not a material issue because his clients’
claim is for equitable compensation for breach of fiduciary duty, as distinct
from a claim in contract or tort, which effectively amounts to an indemnity.
On his submission, the only defence open to such a claim is for the fiduciary
to show that the loss would have happened independent of his breach.

52 Mr Jeyaretnam SC cites Andrew Ang J’s judgment in _Firstlink Energy Pte Ltd
v Creanovate Pte Ltd and another action_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 1050 (“ _Firstlink
Energy v Creanovate_ ”), which in turn cited the earlier CA decision of
_Kumagai-Zenecon Construction Pte Ltd v Low Hua Kin_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1049 (“
_Kumagai-Zenecon_ ”). Andrew Ang J held that for a breach of fiduciary claim,
full restitution and compensation was the entitlement of the wronged party to
whom the fiduciary obligation was owed. Further, the principles of causation,
foreseeability and remoteness are not readily applicable to a restitutionary
claim and the only defence available to the party is to show that the loss
would have happened even if there was no breach. _John While Springs (S) Pte
Ltd and Another v Goh Sai Chuah Justin and others_ [2004] 3 SLR 596 (“ _John
While Springs_ ”), was also cited by Mr Jeyaretnam: there the court held that
for the errant fiduciary to avoid making restitution, he must be able to show
that the wronged party would have incurred those losses even if there was no
breach of duty. The court stated that once liability is proved, the errant
fiduciary must compensate the wronged party for such loss as was occasioned by
the breach. In the leading English decision on this issue, _Target Holdings
Ltd v Redferns and another_ [1996] 1 A.C. 421 (“ _Target Holdings_ ”), which
was followed by the Supreme Court of Queensland in _Mantonella P/L v Thompson_
[2009] QCA 80, the House of Lords held that even if the immediate cause of the
loss was the dishonesty or failure of a third party, the trustee would be
liable to make good that loss to the trust estate if, but for the breach, such
loss would not have occurred. The court took the view that the test of
causation was satisfied so long as the loss would not have occurred but for
the breach.

53 Mr Jeyaretnam SC submits that but for the breach of duties by the
defendants, the plaintiffs would not have sought legal advice and
representation from TKQP which resulted in the stated loss in the form of
their solicitor and client costs payable. Therefore, on these authorities, the
reasonableness of TKQP’s bills are irrelevant as a full indemnity is payable.

54 I am not sure the law is, with respect, in the black-and-white tones as
painted by Mr Jeyaretnam SC’s submission. The very _raison d’etre_ for equity
_is_ the need to mitigate the black-and-white rigidity of the law and the need
to cater for the many shades of grey thrown up by the myriad diversity of
human activity and interaction. I do not think a simplistic “but-for” test
fits all cases in assessing the amount of equitable compensation.

55 An uncontroversial starting point is Viscount Haldane L.C’s judgment in
_Nocton v Lord Ashburton_ [1914] AC 932 in which he confirmed that in its
exercise of its exclusive equitable jurisdiction over fiduciaries, the court
had the jurisdiction to make an award of equitable compensation for a breach
of fiduciary duty. Echoing a similar view, in the Australian decision of
_Markwell Bros Pty Ltd v CPN Diesels_ _Pty Ltd_ (1982) 7 ACLR at 437, Thomas J
opined:

[T]he origin of the power to award equitable compensation ... is part of the
long established power of a court of equity to award compensation for breach
of trust, and a manifestation of the court’s power over a fiduciary

Nevertheless, while the remedy the plaintiffs seek is uncontroversial and
settled law, the extent of the compensation is another matter.

56 As noted above, in _Firstlink Energy v Creanovate_ , Andrew Ang J, citing
_Kumagai-Zenecon_ , took the view that any loss that was caused by the breach
of fiduciary duty alleged was claimable as equitable compensation so long as
it _would not have been caused but for the alleged breach_. The following
principles, taken from _Kumagai-Zenecon_ , were articulated in support:

(i) If a breach of fiduciary obligation has been committed then the fiduciary
is liable to make restitution – that is restore the wronged person in the same
position as he would have been if no breach had been committed.
**_Consideration of causation, foreseeability and remoteness do not readily
enter into the matter._**

(ii) The test of liability is whether the loss would have been [suffered] if
there had been no breach. In other words, the fiduciary can escape liability
only if he can demonstrate that the loss or suffering would have happened even
if there [had] been no breach.

(iii) The right to restitution and compensation of a beneficiary or sufferer
which the Court of Equity [has] imposed on an errant fiduciary is more of an
absolute nature than the common law obligation to pay damages for tort or
breach of contract.

(iv) The _beneficiary or sufferer under the concept of restitution or
equitable compensation is entitled to a full indemnity_ and equity will award
such interest as may be necessary to create full restitution and compensation.

[emphasis added]

57 In stating the principles above, G P Selvam J in _Kumagai-Zenecon_ relied
heavily on _Re Dawson (deceased_) [1966] 2 NSWR 211 at 216 (“ _Re Dawson_ ”)
where Street J gave the following reasons in support of distinguishing damages
claimed in a breach of fiduciary action from one in contract or tort:

Moreover the distinction between common law damages and relief against a
defaulting trustee is strikingly demonstrated by reference to the actual form
of relief granted in equity in respect of breaches of trust. The form of
relief is couched in terms appropriate to require the defaulting trustee to
restore to the estate the assets of which he deprived it. Increases in market
values between the date of breach and the date of recoupment are for the
trustee’s account: the effect of such increases would, at common law, be
excluded from the computation of damages; but in equity, a defaulting trustee
must make good the loss by restoring to the estate the assets of which he
deprived it notwithstanding that market values may have increased in the
meantime.

58 These cases do not directly answer the question: even though the loss
flowed from the breach of fiduciary duty, which satisfies the “but-for” test,
what happens where there is also third party conduct which has caused a large
increase in the loss claimed, or contributory responsibility, (I prefer not to
use the term contributory negligence as that connotes different rules of
causation at law), or unreasonable conduct on the part of the plaintiff which
has the same effect of increasing the loss suffered? Should the court ignore
the reasonableness of the solicitor’s bills in determining the extent of
equitable compensation awarded? What did the Court in _Kumagai-Zenecon_ really
mean in saying that “[c]onsideration of causation, foreseeability and
remoteness do not readily enter into the matter”?

59 Cases from Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the United Kingdom suggest
that the application and construction of principles of causation in a claim
for equitable compensation is by no means uniform or settled as one would
think at first blush.

60 The high water mark was the Privy Council decision of _Brickenden v London
Loan and Savings Co. et al._ [1934] 2 D.L.R 465 at 499 (“ _Brickenden_ rule”),
where Lord Thankerton took a very strict view in relation to the applicable
rules of causation in relation to the loss claimable as a result of the breach
of fiduciary duties owed by a solicitor to his client in failing to disclose a
material fact and to reveal a conflict of interest in relation to the
transaction in issue:

When a party, holding a fiduciary relationship, commits a breach of his duty
by non-disclosure of material facts, which his constituent is entitled to know
in connection with the transaction, he cannot be heard to maintain that
disclosure would not have altered the decision to proceed with the
transaction, because the constituent’s action would be solely determined by
some other factor, such as the valuation by another party of the property
proposed to be mortgaged. Once the Court has determined that the non-disclosed
facts were material, speculation as to what course the constituent, on
disclosure would have taken is not relevant.

As noted by Peter Birks and Francis Rose in _Restitution and Equity Volume
One: Resulting Trusts and Equitable Compensation_ (Mansfield Press, 2000) at
239 (“Birks on Equitable Compensation”), commenting on the _Brickenden_ rule:
“This somewhat vague and punitive rule, ascribing full liability to merely
material causes, has attracted a degree of comment and criticism.” In response
to the criticism spoken of, subsequent decisions all over the Commonwealth
interpreting the _Brickenden_ rule softened its contours.

61 In _Maguire v Makaronis_ (1997) 188 CLR 490, 490-492 (“ _Maguire v
Makaronis_ ”), Kirby J stated courts in the Commonwealth had developed three
approaches to “mollify the absoluteness of the _Brickenden_ rule”:

(a) The first was to reverse the onus of proof such that once a fiduciary
breach is established the fiduciary must prove that adverse results were not
liable consequences of the breach. This approach was considered by the High
Court decision of _John While Springs_ where Choo J held that the burden was
on the claiming party to prove that they had suffered losses and that these
losses were caused by or linked to the defendants’ breaches of fiduciary
duties. The burden then shifted to the fiduciary to show that the claiming
party would have incurred those losses even if there had been no breach by the
fiduciary (“the modified _Brickenden_ rule”). This position has also been
adopted by the United Kingdom in the leading decision of _Target Holdings_.

(b) The second was to apply the “but-for” causal test which was adopted by our
Courts in _Kumagai-Zenecon_ in adopting the line taken by Street J in _Re-
Dawson_ instead of the “material cause” test as articulated in the
_Brickenden_ rule. “[T]he inquiry in each instance would appear to be whether
the loss would have happened if there had been no breach” (see _Maguire v
Makaronis at 4_ 91).

(c) The third was to confine the stringent “material cause” or “but-for” tests
to cases of fiduciary breach involving actual dishonesty or conscious
wrongdoing. The court stated that this distinction was founded upon a
suggested difference between "breaches of fiduciary obligations" and "honest
but careless dealings". This approach has found some approval in the decision
of _Bristol and West Building Society v Mothew_ [1996] 4 All ER 698 at 710 –
713.

62 As helpfully summarised by Birks on Equitable Compensation at 244:

The “but for” causal test promoted in Canada, New Zealand and Australia thus
amounts to a policy decision: that breach of fiduciary obligations ought to be
treated with especial severity in order to pursue a policy of deterrence, that
is the prophylactic defence of guarded relationships. The chief difference
seems to be that Canadian and New Zealand Courts have developed causation
rules and defences, akin to those applied to common law obligations, in order
to control the reach and extent of equitable compensation. By contrast, the
Australian authorities, so far as they have decided, eschew use of
contributory negligence, _novus actus_ , and other apportionment defences, and
rely instead on manipulation of the but-for test.

The courts all over the Commonwealth have developed nuanced approaches in
order to cope with harsh consequences or unjust results of a strict
application of the modified _Brickenden_ rule. One must keep in mind that in
exercising its equitable jurisdiction, the courts have never taken a formulaic
or rigid approach as suggested by the plaintiffs. For example, in _Canson
Enterprises Ltd v Boughton & Co_ (1991) 85 DLR (4th) 129 (“ _Canson
Enterprises_ ”), in the Supreme Court of Canada, McLachlin J stated:

Compensation is an equitable monetary remedy which... attempts to restore to
the plaintiff what has been lost as a result of the breach, ie, the
plaintiff’s lost opportunity... Foreseeability is not a concern in assessing
compensation, but it is essential that the losses made good are only those
which, on a common sense view of causation, were caused by the breach. _The
plaintiff will not be required to mitigate ... but losses resulting from
clearly unreasonable behaviour on the part of the plaintiff will be adjudged
to flow from that behaviour and not from the breach._

[emphasis added]

Similarly in _Maguire v Makaronis_ , the High Court of Australia took the
following view at 496:

The purpose of equity’s relief is not punishment. So far as possible, it is to
restore the status quo ante. For this reason, the remedies will be fashioned
according to the exigencies of the particular case so as to do what is
“practically just” as between the parties. _The fiduciary must not be
“robbed”; nor must the beneficiary be unjustly enriched_.

[emphasis added]

63 Another layer affecting the application of the principles of causation or
the relevance of intervening or concurrent causes relates to the nature and
context of fiduciary duty owed. As helpfully summarised by Malcolm Cope in
_Equitable Obligations: Duties, Defences and Remedies_ (Lawbook Co, 2007) at
337, in discussing the relevant Australian jurisprudence:

It has also been accepted by some judges that one uniform approach may not be
applicable to all circumstances involving a breach of fiduciary duty. This
would enable a variety of approaches to be adopted in relation to causation in
equity depending upon the particular purpose of the rule that is being
applied. It has therefore been suggested that various tests may apply. In the
case of a traditional trust, the trustee may be responsible for any loss to
the trust property even if there is an intervening or concurrent cause. This
test would be confined to a non-commercial trust whereas a narrower “but-for”
test would apply where the breach merely facilitates the actual loss which
occurs.

64 I have no doubt that the decisions of _Kumagai-Zenecon_ and _Firstlink
Energy_ were correct on their facts. It lies ill in the mouth of a company
director who flagrantly breaches his fiduciary duties for personal gain to say
that the damage suffered by the wronged party should be reduced because of
principles of law relating to causation or remoteness or that the innocent
party was contributorily responsible. In _Kumagai-Zenecon_ , the CA gave short
shrift to the attempts by the fiduciary director to argue that the action by
provisional liquidators in selling off certain shares en bloc inflated the
loss as they should have sold off only that amount of shares necessary to pay
the bank. The CA held that the action of the provisional liquidators was
reasonable in the circumstances then prevailing and a subsequent rise in the
market was unforeseen and unforeseeable. The CA also said that bad faith or
unreasonableness was not established even though the provisional liquidator
had not made inquiries with stockbrokers or investment bankers before
effecting the en bloc sale of the shares. The CA was clearly not prepared to
place too heavy a burden on the actions of the party who was wronged or its
provisional liquidator.

65 But there are situations like _Canson Enterprises_ , where application of
the _Brickenden_ rule would cause an unjust result. The facts of _Canson
Enterprises_ were as follows. A purchased land for development. Unknown to A,
who thought it was purchasing the land from an original vendor, the seller was
an intermediary who had purchased the land from the original vendor and on-
sold the land to A at a substantially higher sum than what it paid for the
land. A’s solicitor, who acted for A and the intermediary, failed to disclose
this fact to A. A proceeded to develop the land and suffered substantial
losses when the piles supporting the constructed warehouse began to sink. A
sued the soils engineer and the pile-driving company, but was left with a
substantial shortfall as these tortfeasors were unable to pay the full loss
and damage. A then sued its solicitors for the shortfall. It was agreed that A
would not have entered into the contract had it known that the vendor was an
intermediate buyer-seller. The trial judge found the solicitor liable for
breach of fiduciary duty but held that the purchasers were entitled to direct
damages of the secret profit, as well as consequential damages of the expenses
incurred on the warehouse project prior to the wrongful acts of the engineers
and pile-drivers. The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal holding that the
shortfall was not recoverable because such damages did not flow from the
breach of the fiduciary obligation but were the unrelated fault of the
engineers and pile-drivers. The Supreme Court of Canada dismissed A’s appeal.
The loss and damage which arose from actions of the third party engineers and
pile-drivers could not be said to flow from the breach of the fiduciary
obligation. (See the judgment of McLachlin J quoted above at [63]). This has
been characterised as the ‘restorative remedial approach’ by Malcolm Cope in
his work cited above.

66 In _Swindle v Harrison_ [1997] 4 All ER 705, the English Court of Appeal
stated that the restitutionary obligation imposed on those who owed fiduciary
duties is more stringent than the common law obligations to pay damages for
breach of contract or negligence and although foreseeability and remoteness of
damages are not relevant, it was still necessary to show that the loss
suffered has been caused by the relevant breach of the fiduciary duty.

67 _Kumagai Zenecon_ and _Firstlink Energy_ are correct on their facts and
generally, but they do not lay down an absolute rule that all loss and damage,
no matter how it is caused, lie at the doorstep of a party in breach of its
fiduciary obligations. In the latter case, this is what Andrew Ang J meant
when he said that causation, foreseeability and remoteness “...do not
_readily_ enter into the matter...” (emphasis added). There may be
circumstances, as in _Canson Enterprises_ where there are limits to the
applicability of such an absolute rule. It is best not to lay down any hard
and fast rules. There are a significant number of cases on equitable
compensation in the other common law jurisdictions from which guidance can be
obtained. Strict rules and rigid criteria are not the inherent nature of
equity nor should it be for equitable compensation which is but a part of the
whole.

68 I say no more as this application is at an interlocutory stage. At this
juncture, the principles referred to above are sufficient to dispose of this
interlocutory application. None of these interesting points on remoteness,
foreseeability or causation arise on the facts as they now stand before me.

Issue 5: The evidence before the Court relating to the invoices

69 Finally I now turn to the test that must be satisfied by the evidence. In
_Alrich Development_ , Chao Hick Tin J, as he then was, cited _Rakusen v
Ellis, Munday and Clarke_ [1912] 1 CH 831 with approval and stated:

In my opinion the public interest in the administration of justice is
sufficiently safeguarded on the test of ‘reasonable anticipation of mischief’
or in other words ‘reasonable likelihood of mischief’. One should look at the
real situation in its totality and not just the form.

The current English position as stated in _In Re a Firm of Solicitors_ is also
to consider whether a reasonable man informed of the facts might reasonably
anticipate such danger. In _Dana-West Hotels Ltd v Royal Bank of Canada_
(1984) 37 SASK R. 81, an application by defendant to restrain counsel for
acting for plaintiff was dismissed as the court was not satisfied that the
mischief would probably result if counsel was allowed to continue to represent
his client. On the facts of this case the testimony of a partner was important
to establish what transpired in the agreement between parties which the
plaintiff was seeking to set aside by reason of duress. Arguably the facts of
that case reached a far higher threshold than the case before me but the court
still did not allow the injunction application. The court recognised that an
order to restrain counsel was rarely made and most decisions stopped short of
enforcing criticism of counsel acting at trials where associates are witnesses
(at [12]). On a similar cautionary note, in _In re A Solicitor_ (1987) 131 S J
1063 Hoffman J, as he then was, said that the threshold required to be met to
restrain counsel from continuing to act was intentionally high as:

[I]t is not desirable that the right of a client to have the services of the
solicitor of his choice should be unnecessarily restricted. It is not
desirable that the litigation, or as in this case the proceedings... should be
delayed because of a compulsory change of solicitors on grounds which do not
involve any real possibility of injustice.

70 In _Emperor v Dadu Rama Surde_ AIR 1939 BOM 150 the court found that the
inherent jurisdiction of the court should be invoked in a r 64 scenario
**_only_** when the party applying for solicitor to be discharged establishes
that the trial will be materially embarrassed if the advocate continued to
appear. Similarly, the court in _Pearnbran Pty Ltd v Win Mezz_ (QLD SC
unreported) found that the mere circumstance that a solicitor was to be a
material witness, even on a controversial matter, in of itself did not justify
restraining a solicitor from continuing to act (at [24]). The line was crossed
only when the solicitor had a personal stake in the outcome of the proceedings
or their conduct, beyond the recovery of proper fees for acting. The court
noted that the relevant stake may not necessarily be financial but could
involve the personal or reputational interest of the solicitor. It is this
concern that forms the nub of this application.

71 For the reasons set out above, especially at [31], [32] and [50], I do not
see the need for the court to intervene and the mischief rr. 25 and 64 are
designed to avoid is absent on the facts and circumstances of this case. I
therefore dismissed Mr Tan’s application.

Issue 6: Costs

72 Having heard the parties on 27 January 2012 on costs, I have fixed costs
payable by Mr Tan to the plaintiffs at $12,000, inclusive of disbursements.
There is no order as against Mr Samtani.

* * *

[note: 1]2nd Defendants submissions dated 9 January 2012 at [1] (“2nd Def
Subs”).

[note: 2]Plaintiffs bundle of Cause Papers at p 2, Statement of claim at
[6]-[7].

[note: 3]Plaintiffs bundle of Cause Papers at p 3, Statement of claim at [9].

[note: 4]Plaintiffs bundle of Cause Papers at p 17, Statement of claim at
[38.1].

[note: 5]Plaintiffs bundle of Cause Papers at Tab 3.

[note: 6]Plaintiffs submissions dated 10 January 2012 at [39].

[note: 7]Minutes before AR Feng Qian dated 18 November 2011.

[note: 8]2nd Defendant Submissions at [10] and [11].

[note: 9]2nd Def Subs at [74].

[note: 10]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 15.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

