Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Khoh Chen Yeh Shane (administrator of the estate of Ching Kwong Kuen,
deceased) _v_ Seng Realty & Development Pte Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHC 79

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No. 1002 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Hri Kumar Nair SC with Wendell Wong, Emmanuel Duncan Chua
and Kueh Xiu Ying (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Deborah Barker SC and
Ang Keng Ling (KhattarWong) for the second defendant.  
Parties| :|  Khoh Chen Yeh Shane (administrator of the estate of Ching Kwong
Kuen, deceased) — Seng Realty & Development Pte Ltd and another  
  
12 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff is the sole administrator of the estate of Ching Kwong Kuen,
deceased (“KK Ching”). He brought this originating summons against two
companies, the first defendant, Seng Realty & Development Pte Ltd (“Seng
Realty”) and the second defendant, National Aerated Water Company Pte Ltd
(“National Aerated”), to obtain orders to compel the directors of both
defendants to register certain share transfers that had been executed in his
favour. I heard the application and on 14 March 2011, I dismissed the
application in respect of National Aerated. Subsequently, I acceded to the
plaintiff’s request for further arguments. The further arguments were heard in
April 2011. After taking time for consideration, on 12 September 2011, I
decided that the original decision was correct and should be maintained. The
plaintiff has appealed.

Facts

2 This case arose as a consequence of the decision in _Ching Chew Weng Paul v
Ching Pui Sim and others_ [2010] 2 SLR 76 (_“Ching v Ching_ ”). The background
facts are clearly set out in the judgment of Steven Chong JC from [5] to [14].

3 In brief, KK Ching had created trusts of certain shares and assets. His
youngest son, Paul Ching Chew Weng (“Paul Ching”) claimed to be either the
beneficiary of those trusts or the beneficiary of KK Ching’s estate (“the
estate”) and in those capacities, commenced _Ching v Ching_ to recover the
shares and assets. One of the defendants in that action, Ching Pui Sim (“Ms
Ching”), held 765,000 shares in Seng Realty (“the Seng Shares”) and 72,270
shares in National Aerated (“the National Shares”).

4 Paul Ching was successful in his action in his capacity of beneficiary of
his father’s estate and Steven Chong JC ordered, _inter alia_ , that Ms Ching
should transfer the Seng Shares and the National Shares to the estate.
Pursuant to the judgment, Ms Ching executed the transfer of the Seng Shares on
3 March 2010 and that of the National Shares on 30 June 2010. Both transfers
were in favour of the plaintiff as the executor of the estate.

5 Subsequently, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the first and second
defendants requesting them to register the transfers of the Seng Shares and
National Shares respectively and deliver the new share certificates to the
plaintiff as executor of the estate, as required under s 130 of the Companies
Act (Cap. 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The first and second defendants
refused to do as requested.

6 The plaintiff then brought this action to compel the defendants to register
the said transfers and deliver the said share certificates. In my judgment on
14 March 2010, I granted the plaintiff’s first prayer, _ie_ that Seng Realty
be ordered to register the transfer of the Seng Shares and deliver the new
share certificates to the plaintiff.

7 However, I dismissed the plaintiff’s second prayer, _ie_ that National
Aerated be ordered to register the transfer of the National Shares and deliver
the new share certificates to the plaintiff. I so decided on the basis that
the pre-emption clauses in Arts 30 to 33 of National Aerated’s articles of
association (“the National pre-emption clauses”) were applicable and Ms Ching
had to offer the National Shares to the existing members of National Aerated
before she could transfer them to the estate.

Issues

8 The essential question before me was whether or not the National pre-emption
clauses applied such that Ms Ching was obliged to offer the National Shares to
the existing members of National Aerated before she could transfer the
National Shares to the estate. The National pre-emption clauses are set out in
full below:

30\. A share may be transferred by a member or other person entitled to
transfer to any member, but save as aforesaid and save as provided by articles
33 and 34 hereof, no share shall be transferred to a person, who is not a
member, so long as any member is willing to purchase the same at fair value.

31\. Except where the transfer is made to a member or pursuant to articles 33
and 34 hereof, the persons proposing to transfer any share (hereinafter called
the proposing transferor) shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called the
transfer notice) to the Company that he desires to transfer the same. Such
notice shall specify the sum he fixes as the fair value, and shall constitute
the Company his agent for the sale of the share to any member of the Company
at the price so fixed, or at the option of the purchaser, at the fair value to
be fixed by two arbitrators, both of whom shall be members of the Company, one
to be appointed by each of the parties in difference.

The transfer notice shall not be revocable except with the sanction of the
Directors.

32\. If the Company shall within the space of 14 days after being served with
such notice find a member (hereinafter called the purchasing member) willing
to purchase the share and shall give notice to the proposing transferor, he
shall be bound upon payment of fair value, to transfer to the purchasing
member.

33\. If the Company shall not within the space of 14 days aforesaid find a
member willing to purchase the share and give notice in manner aforesaid, the
proposing transferor shall at any time within 2 months afterwards be at
liberty to sell and transfer the share to any person at any price.

9 Art 8 of National Aerated’s articles of association (“the Non-Recognition of
Trusts Clause”) reads as follows:

Subject to the provisions of these presents the Company shall not be bound by
or recognise any contingent, future, partial or equitable interest in the
nature of a trust or otherwise in any share or any interest in any fractional
part of a share, or any other right in respect of any share, except an
absolute right thereto in the person for the time being registered as the
owners [_sic_] thereof.

Parties’ submissions

10 The plaintiff argued that the National pre-emption clauses did not apply
because:

(a) The term “any transfer of shares” as used in the National pre-emption
clauses refers to a transfer of _both_ legal and beneficial interests (and the
transfer here was a transfer of legal title only); and

(b) The National pre-emption clauses were not intended to apply to the
situation where a bare trustee was returning shares to the beneficial owner of
the same.

11 I rejected both arguments and my reasons for doing so are set out below.

Analysis

Applicability of pre-emption clauses to transfers of legal title

12 The Court of Appeal case of _Sing Eng (Pte) Ltd v PIC Property Ltd_ [1990]
1 SLR(R) 792 (“ _Sing Eng_ ”), is one of the few Singapore cases that deal
with pre-emption rights with regard to share transfers. In _Sing Eng_ , MM and
MK, shareholders in the appellant company, Sing Eng, had charged all their
shares to the Xiamen International Bank (“XIB”) under an equitable mortgage.
When MM and MK defaulted on their obligations, XIB entered into an agreement
to sell the mortgaged shares to the respondent. The question was whether or
not the attempted sale and transfer was caught by the pre-emption clauses in
Sing Eng’s articles of association. The pre-emption clauses in that case, Arts
33 and 34, read (_Sing Eng_ at [20]):

33 A share may be transferred by a member or other person entitled to transfer
(hereinafter called ‘the transferor’) to any member selected by the
transferor; but no share shall be transferred to a person who is not a member
so long as any member (or any person selected by the directors as one whom it
is desirable in the interests of the company to admit to membership) is
willing to purchase the same at the fair value.

34 Except where the transfer is made pursuant to arts 33, 36 and 43 hereof, a
person proposing to transfer any share (hereinafter called the proposing
transferor) shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called the transfer
notice) to the company that he desires to transfer the same. Such notice shall
specify the sum he fixes as the fair value, and shall constitute the company
his agent for the sale of the share to any member of the company at the price
so fixed or at the option of the purchaser, at the fair value to be fixed by
the auditors of the company. The transfer notice shall not be revocable except
with the sanction of the directors.

The pre-emption clauses in Sing Eng’s articles of association are almost
identical to National’s pre-emption clauses.

13 The Court of Appeal in _Sing Eng_ held that the transfer of shares was
ineffectual because XIB was not even a “person entitled to transfer” the
shares under Art 33 of Sing Eng’s articles of association. The Court held, at
[25] and [27], that:

_The word “transfer” in Art 33, in our opinion, means a transfer of a share or
shares and a transfer of [a] share or shares means a transfer of the legal
title to the share or shares_ _…_

It is common ground that XIB is an equitable mortgagee of the shares in
question, and as such it does not have any legal title to the shares; the
legal titles to the shares remain vested in [MM] and [MK] respectively. This
being the position, clearly XIB is not a person entitled to transfer the
shares.

[emphasis added]

14 In reaching its conclusion, the Court found support in the case of
_Safeguard Industrial Investments Ltd v National Westminster Bank_ [1981] 1
WLR 286 (_“Safeguard (HC)_ ”), a decision of Vinelott J in the English High
Court, as well as in the Court of Appeal decision (affirming the trial judge’s
decision) in _Safeguard Industrial Investments Ltd v National Westminster
Bank_ [1982] 1 WLR 589 (_“Safeguard (CA)_ ”) (together, “the _Safeguard_
cases”).

15 In the _Safeguard_ cases, the original holder (“P”) of a block of shares in
a company passed away. Upon his death, title to the shares vested in the
executors of his will, National Westminster Bank (“the defendant bank”). By
his will, P had left the beneficial interest in his shares to two
beneficiaries. The pre-emption clauses in the company’s articles of
association, Arts 7(B)(a) and (b), read as follows (_Safeguard (HC)_ at 290 -
291):

(a) An ordinary share may be transferred by a member or other person entitled
to transfer to the other members in the proportions between them (if more than
one) as nearly as may be to the number of ordinary shares held by them
respectively, but no ordinary share shall be transferred to a person who is
not a member as long as any member is willing to purchase the same at the fair
value.

(b) Except where the transfer is made pursuant to article 8 hereof, in order
to ascertain whether any member is willing to purchase any ordinary share, the
proposing transferor shall give notice in writing (hereinafter called the
transfer notice) to the company that he desires to transfer the same. Such
notice shall specify the sum he fixes as the fair value, and shall constitute
the company his agent for the sale of the share to any member of the company
at the price so fixed or at the option of the purchaser, at the fair value to
be fixed by the auditors of the company. The transfer notice shall not be
revocable except with the sanction of the directors.

16 The question before the court was whether or not Arts 7B(a) and (b) applied
to the transfer of the beneficial interest by P to his beneficiaries. Vinelott
J held that they did not, since the word “transfer” in Arts 7B(a) and (b)
referred to a transfer of the legal interest in the shares and not a transfer
of the beneficial interest. At 297 – 298, the judge stated:

Although it may seem at first sight unduly restrictive to read the word
‘transfer’ as referring only to a transfer of the legal interest in a share
leaving, as Lord Sorn put it, the ‘obvious manoeuvre’ of a sale of the
beneficial interest unprohibited, Art 7 seems to me wholly inapt to ‘catch’
transfers of beneficial interests. _A ‘transfer of a share’ in the ordinary
sense of that expression is a transfer of the legal title to the share with
the rights and liabilities attaching to it; on registration of the transfer
the transferor ceases to be, and the transferee becomes, a member of the
company in right of that share._ A member who desires to transfer a share will
carry his intention into effect by executing a transfer and lodging it for
registration. At that stage the restrictions in the pre-emption provisions
come into operation. _To treat the references to the transfer of a share as
comprehending a transfer or disposition of a beneficial interest in a share is
to give the expression ‘transfer of a share’ a meaning wider than it would
ordinarily bear._

[emphasis added]

17 In the Court of Appeal, Oliver LJ (with whom the other Lord Justices agreed
unreservedly) endorsed Vinelott J’s analysis of this issue (_Safeguard (CA)_
at 599).

18 Considering the near-identical phraseology of the pre-emption clauses in
_Sing Eng_ , the _Safeguard_ cases and the National pre-emption clauses, I
could not find any reason for construing the National pre-emption clauses in a
different manner. I found that the word “transfer” in the National pre-emption
clauses referred to transfers of legal title in the National Shares. I was
fortified in my decision by the existence of the Non-Recognition of Trusts
Clause, which provides that National Aerated “shall not be bound by or
recognise any ... interest in the nature of a trust ... in any share ...
except an absolute right thereto in the person for the time being registered
as the owners thereof”. National Aerated was not concerned as to whether or
not the beneficial interest in the National Shares was being transferred (and,
consequently, whether or not the transfer was of _both legal and beneficial
interest_). Indeed, it was obliged to take notice only of persons “registered”
as having legal title to the National Shares. Therefore, once there was a
transfer or intended transfer of legal title in the National Shares, the
National pre-emption clauses would apply.

19 The plaintiff, however, citing two New Zealand cases, _Ord v Calan
Healthcare Properties Ltd_ [2005] 2 NZLR 96 (“ _Ord_ ”) and _Parkinson &
Parkinson v James Products Ltd and another_ (HC AK CIV 2008-404-0033098) [3
September 2008] (_“Parkinson_ ”), suggested that the word “transfer” should
refer only to a transfer of _both_ the legal and beneficial interests in
shares.

20 In _Ord_ , the appellant held the beneficial interest in shares in the
respondent company, and the said shares were held on trust for the appellant
by one Mr Akehurst. The appellant sought to replace Mr Akehurst with a new
trustee, _ie_ he sought to transfer the legal title in the shares from Mr
Akehurst to the new trustee. The question was whether or not the pre-emption
clauses applied. The New Zealand Court of Appeal held that they did not,
because the pre-emption clauses were “not a good fit for the changes of
trustee which have occurred in relation to the [trust vehicle]” (at [40]).
This decision was based on an interpretation of the pre-emption clause in
question. The clause read as follows (at [14]):

'8.4 A shareholder intending to transfer any shares (‘the Transferor’) must
give a transfer notice in writing to the Board. The transfer notice shall
state the number, class and _asking price of the shares to be offered for
sale_. The transfer notice shall constitute the Board the Transferor's agent
(to the exclusion of the Transferor) _for the sale of the shares._

[emphasis added]

21 The pre-emption clause in _Ord_ was phrased very differently from the
National pre-emption clauses. The former required the transfer notice to
provide for the number, class and asking price of the shares “ _to be offered
for sale_ ”. Clearly, as a matter of contractual interpretation, the clause
was meant to apply in the context of _sales_ of the shares only. Indeed, the
New Zealand Court of Appeal recognized this when it held at [39]:

The paradigm case envisaged by cl 8.4 involves a sale. Clause 8.4 makes this
clear by reference to the words '”asking price of the shares to be offered for
sale” and the constitution of the board as the transferor's agent “for the
sale of the shares'”. The stipulation of an asking price is very significant.

22 The facts of _Ord_ were also quite different from that of the case before
me in that it was clear that the pre-emption provisions there were tailored to
meet the specific needs of the parties. At the time the company’s articles
were adopted, the appellant’s shares were already held by a trust and the pre-
emption clauses were drafted with these in mind. Cl 8.5 specifically exempted
the pre-emption clauses from transfers associated with the death or bankruptcy
of the appellant or any person with whom the appellant was registered as a
joint holder. The court found that if the appellant had realised that a change
in trustee would have triggered pre-emption rights, the parties would have
agreed to a carve-out in respect of changes of trustee. This indicated to the
court that “it was regarded on all sides as so obvious that the [pre-emption
clause] did not apply to mere changes of trustee that no such carve-out was
required” (at [44]).

23 There is no overt reference to a “sale” of shares in the National pre-
emption clauses and there is nothing to suggest that they should be
interpreted as applying only in the context of a sale of shares. Unlike in
_Ord_ , there was no evidence that the articles were adopted to cater for the
needs of shareholders who were holding their shares through trustees. I
therefore found that _Ord_ was distinguishable from the case at hand and did
not assist the plaintiff.

24 The next case, _Parkinson_ , had a pre-emption clause that provided (at
[12]):

12\. No share in the capital of the company shall be sold or transferred by
any shareholder unless and until the rights of pre-emption hereinafter
conferred have been exhausted.

25 Like the court in _Ord_ , the New Zealand High Court in _Parkinson_ held
that the pre-emption clause applied only in the context of sales of shares.
The reasoning of the Court from [47] to [48] also reveals the language of the
pre-emption clauses:

That conclusion is reinforced by the wording of subclauses 12.3 to 12.5.
Notwithstanding that clause 12.3 requires a shareholder wanting to “sell or
transfer” shares to give notice of the desire to do so, _the subclause goes on
to refer only to the_ _“sale” of shares, “at a price to be agreed upon” or “at
a fair price to be determined.”_

Subclause 12.4 sets out the procedure to be followed once the “price” has been
agreed to determined. The procedure includes giving shareholders the
opportunity of giving notice of a desire to “purchase” shares, the
apportionment of shares to be “sold”, and the payment of the purchase money.
Subclause 12.5 sets out what is to occur if shares are not “sold” pursuant to
subclause 12.4.

[emphasis added]

26 Thus, the pre-emption clause in _Parkinson_ also made almost exclusive
references to “sales”, phraseology that was significantly different from the
National pre-emption clauses. _Parkinson_ was, like _Ord_ , distinguishable
from the case at hand. It was another case where there was a trustee from the
inception, the difference between it and _Ord_ being that in _Parkinson_ , the
beneficial owners wanted the shares transferred to themselves by the trustee
rather than to a different trustee. The facts here are quite different. KK
Ching had ceased to be a shareholder in National Aerated decades ago and by
the time the order for the shares to be transferred to his estate was made, as
a result of the deaths of KK Ching and Paul Ching himself, the ultimate
beneficial interest in the shares was vested in a third party who had nothing
to do with National Aerated at all. This was not a situation of a bare trustee
stepping aside in favour of the person who had been the beneficial shareholder
all along to the knowledge of the company.

27 As to any suggestion that _Ord_ and _Parkinson_ stand for a general
proposition that pre-emption clauses must apply only to transfers of both
legal and beneficial interest, I disagree and would defer to the position
stated in _Sing Eng_ (which, in any event, is binding on me) and the
_Safeguard_ cases.

Applicability of pre-emption clauses to return of shares from trustee to
beneficiary

28 The other limb of the plaintiff’s argument was that the National pre-
emption clauses were not meant to apply to the return of shares from bare
trustees to beneficiaries, which was the relationship between Ms Ching and the
plaintiff. The plaintiff suggested that there was a distinction between cases
where “a party is voluntarily purporting to transfer shares (_eg_ pursuant to
a sale or gift), and when a party involuntarily comes under an obligation” to
transfer shares. The plaintiff sought to rely on _Safeguard (CA)_ as authority
for that argument.

29 The facts of the _Safeguard_ cases have been set out above at [15]. The
appellants before the Court of Appeal canvassed the alternative argument that
the defendant bank (holder of the legal title to the shares) was bound to
serve a transfer notice to the existing members because it was a “proposing
transferor” under Art 7B(b), the pre-emption clause in that case. The court
was requested to find that the defendant bank was a “proposing transferor”
even though “the beneficiaries disclaim any desire to exercise their right to
compel a transfer to them” (_Safeguard (CA)_ at 596). The English Court of
Appeal rejected that argument. Oliver LJ distinguished the case of _Lyle &
Scott Ltd v Scott’s Trustees_ [1959] AC 763 (“ _Lyle_ ”), where members of the
company had voluntarily entered into contracts with a stranger for the sale to
him of their shares. Viscount Simonds in _Lyle_ stated at 774 that “it is not
open to a shareholder, who has agreed to do a certain thing and is bound to do
it, to deny that he is desirous of doing it”. Oliver LJ in _Safeguard (CA)_
found that the principle in _Lyle_ was not applicable to the case before him,
where the trustees had an involuntary obligation to transfer the legal title
in their shares, because that would mean that “duty equals desire” (_Safeguard
(CA)_ at 597). Oliver LJ concluded at 599:

I find myself quite unable to construe the article in the instant case in a
way which would make a person who involuntarily comes under an obligation to
transfer, if called upon, a “proposing transferor.”

30 The plaintiff sought to rely on Oliver LJ’s judgment to suggest that Ms
Ching was similarly not a “proposing transferor” under Art 31 of the National
pre-emption clauses. I was not persuaded by that argument. Clearly, the facts
of _Safeguard (CA)_ were distinguishable from those presented before me. In
_Safeguard (CA)_ , the beneficiaries had disclaimed any desire to exercise
their right to compel any transfer of the legal title to them. This was
clearly the premise upon which Oliver LJ founded his decision – the trustees
had a _latent obligation_ to transfer shares if called upon, but they could
not be considered “proposing transferors” so long as the beneficiaries did not
exercise their right to compel a transfer of the shares. In the case before
me, the plaintiff had clearly sought to compel a transfer of the National
Shares from Ms Ching to the estate, pursuant to Chong JC’s decision in _Ching
v Ching_. The latent obligation was triggered and Ms Ching, by executing the
transfers of the National Shares, was clearly a “proposing transferor” under
Art 31 of the National pre-emption clauses.

31 The plaintiff also canvassed an argument to the effect that the fundamental
objective of the National pre-emption clauses was to keep the ownership of the
shares with members of the same family or of the families who originally
agreed to associate themselves in that way. The plaintiff relied on _Guan Soon
Development Pte Ltd v Yeo Gek Lang Susie (administratrix of the estate of Teo
Lay Swee, deceased) and others_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 387 (“ _Guan Soon_ ”). This
case did not help the plaintiff, however, because the Court of Appeal in _Guan
Soon_ was interpreting a wholly different clause. That clause provided that
pre-emption clauses would not apply in respect of share transfers from a
deceased member to “such person(s) who shall become entitled to a share in
consequence of the death of the member in accordance with the applicable laws
of intestacy” (at [7]). Further, the court was seeking to make the quite
different point that distribution of shares to a beneficiary would accord with
the applicable laws on intestacy even though the number of shares distributed
did not correspond to the number of shares receivable had they been
distributed _in specie_ (at [20] and [21]). The court was not making an
immutable statement of the law on the interpretation of pre-emption clauses.

Conclusion

32 In conclusion, I found that the National pre-emption clauses applied to a
transfer of legal title in the National Shares from Ms Ching, a registered
shareholder, to the estate. Ms Ching was bound to offer the National Shares to
the existing members of National Aerated under Art 31 of the National pre-
emption clauses, and could only transfer the same to the estate if no existing
members were willing to purchase the National Shares, pursuant to Art 33 of
the National pre-emption clauses.

33 I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s prayer to compel National Aerated to
register the share transfer and deliver to the plaintiff new share
certificates in respect of the National Shares.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

