Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Foo Jong Peng and others _v_ Phua Kiah Mai and another  
[2012] SGCA 55

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 4 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 08 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Magintharan, B Uthayacharan and James Liew (Essex LLC)
for the appellants; Hee Theng Fong and Leong Kai Yuan (RHTLaw Taylor Wessing
LLP) for the respondents.  
Parties| :|  Foo Jong Peng and others — Phua Kiah Mai and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2012] SGHC 14.]

8 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

1 This was an appeal against a decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”)
in _Phua_ _Kiah Mai and another v Foo Jong Peng and others_ [2012] SGHC 14
(“the Judgment”) granting declarations, _inter alia_ , that the Management
Committee (“Management Committee”) of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan (“the
Association”) did not have the power to remove office bearers from their
positions on the Executive Committee (“Executive Committee”). We dismissed the
appeal and now set out the detailed grounds of our decision.

Background Facts

Parties to the dispute

2 All the parties to this appeal are members of the Management Committee of
the Association. The Association was registered with the Registry of Societies
on 18 December 1890. For purposes of clarity, the parties will be addressed by
name and the positions held by the parties will be described as they were
prior to the disputed Management Committee meeting held on 20 October 2011
(hereafter referred to as “the 20 October 2011 Meeting”).

3 The First Respondent, Phua Kiah Mai, is the President of the Association and
the Second Respondent, Hun Chin Guan, is the Honorary Secretary General.

4 The First Appellant, Foo Jong Peng, was President for two consecutive terms
from January 2006 to January 2010 and is presently the First Vice President.
The Second Appellant, Lee Teck Hai, is the Head of the Public Relations
Division and had proposed the motions for the removal of Phua Kiah Mai and Foo
Jong Peng from their positions. The Third Appellant, Han Tan Juan, is Head of
the Cultural & Education Division and had proposed the motion for the removal
of Hun Chin Guan from his position. The Fourth Appellant, Foo Shick Thai, and
Fifth Appellant, Pang Fui Nam, were elected as the new President and Honorary
Secretary General respectively after resolutions to remove Phua Kiah Mai and
Hun Chin Guan were passed at the 20 October 2011 Meeting.

Management structure of the Association

5 Under Rule 8 of the Rules of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan (“the Rules”),
Management Committee members will be elected by a vote of the general body of
members at the Annual General Meeting (“AGM”). Rule 7 provides that the
elected Management Committee members shall hold office for a term of two
years. The Management Committee administers the affairs of the Association,
and has the duties and powers to implement resolutions passed by the General
Meeting, formulate the overall policy for the Association and control the
budget and finances.

6 The elected Management Committee members then elect from amongst themselves
the office bearers (“office bearers”) of the Association – the President,
three Vice-Presidents and the heads and deputy heads of ten committees each
dealing with a specific aspect of the Association’s affairs – under Rule 9.
The functions and duties of each office bearer are defined in the Rules.
Pursuant to Rule 13, all the elected office bearers will then collectively
form a smaller Executive Committee. Pursuant to Rule 16, the Executive
Committee has the powers to, _inter alia_ , implement resolutions passed by
the Management Committee and to oversee the general administration of the
Association.

Background to the dispute

7 The parties were all voted in as members of the Management Committee by the
general body of members at the AGM held in January 2010\. The parties – save
for Hun Chin Guan, who was only elected after the previous Honorary Secretary
General resigned in May 2011 – were then elected to their respective positions
by the members of the Management Committee.

8 The Kheng Chiu Tin Hou Kong and Burial Ground (“Tin Hou Kong”) is a company
incorporated in Singapore and limited by guarantee. It effectively operates as
the financial arm of the Association and provides the funds needed to support
the Association’s activities. Foo Jong Peng is the Chairman of Tin Hou Kong’s
board of directors and Phua Kiah Mai is the Vice-Chairman. All the parties to
this appeal except Hun Chin Guan also sit on the board.

9 Sometime in March 2011, a dispute arose between Foo Jong Peng and Phua Kiah
Mai over the management of the financial affairs of Tin Hou Kong. During a
meeting of the Tin Hou Kong board of directors on 26 July 2011, Foo Jong Peng
expressed the view that he was no longer able to work with Phua Kiah Mai and
proposed to table a motion to remove Phua Kiah Mai as Vice-Chairman. The other
directors objected to this motion as proper notice had not been given. At a
subsequent meeting of the Management Committee of the Association held on the
same day, Foo Jong Peng again attempted to table a motion to remove Phua Kiah
Mai as President of the Association. Phua Kiah Mai – who was chairing the
meeting – rejected the motion as it was not in accordance with the agenda. Foo
Jong Peng proposed that a special Management Committee meeting be called to
remove Phua Kiah Mai as President of the Association and Hun Chin Guan then
requested Foo Jong Peng to provide a reason for removal and to send in an
official proposal to table the motion.

10 On 3 August 2011, Foo Jong Peng wrote to Hun Chin Guan in the latter’s
capacity as the Honorary Secretary General, calling for a special meeting of
the Management Committee on 16 August 2011 with the proposed agenda of “re-
organising” the Management Committee.[note: 1] The letter was signed by 26
members of the Management Committee. An intervening Management Committee
meeting was held on 5 August 2011, but the meeting was inquorate.

11 Phua Kiah Mai then sought the advice of his solicitors M/s RHTLaw Taylor
Wessing LLP (“RHTLaw”). RHTLaw replied to Foo Jong Peng, stating that the
Honorary Secretary General was not in a position to convene a special
Management Committee meeting for the sole purpose of removing the President as
the Management Committee had no power to remove an office bearer under the
Rules. Foo Jong Peng nonetheless proceeded to convene a meeting of the
Management Committee on 16 August 2011, purportedly upon the request of 25
other Management Committee members. Phua Kiah Mai and Hun Chin Guan did not
attend the meeting, and no resolutions were passed in their absence.

12 On 12 September 2011, Lee Teck Hai wrote to Hun Chin Guan, proposing a
motion to remove Phua Kiah Mai as the President of the Management Committee
and to elect a new President, to be voted upon at the next Management
Committee meeting.[note: 2] Lee Teck Hai sent a second letter on 15 September
2011 to table a further motion to remove Foo Jong Peng as the First Vice
President of the Association and for the election of a new First Vice
President.[note: 3] Hun Chin Guan replied on 19 September 2011, reiterating
the alleged legal position that the Management Committee had no power to
remove the President and First Vice President in the absence of express
provisions in the Rules and that any resolution passed to this effect would be
_ultra vires_ and void; it would thus be meaningless for the two proposed
motions to be placed on the agenda.[note: 4]

13 Following an adjournment of a Management Committee meeting on 28 September
2011 due to a lack of quorum, Lee Teck Hai sent a letter on 7 October 2011
advising Hun Chin Guan that a meeting of the Management Committee should be
convened on an urgent basis for the purpose of adopting and approving the
accounts for the Financial Year 2010, and that the continued failure to do so
would put the Management Committee in breach of the Association’s Rules and
statutory requirements.[note: 5] This was followed by a letter from Tan Han
Juan to Hun Chin Guan on 10 October 2011, proposing a third motion to remove
Hun Chin Guan as the Honorary Secretary General and for an election to fill
the vacancy.[note: 6]

14 Hun Chin Guan did not respond to Lee Teck Hai or Tan Han Juan. Lee Teck Hai
then requested Foo Jong Peng to convene a Management Committee meeting. On 12
October 2011, Foo Jong Peng issued a notice – in his capacity as First Vice
President – convening the 20 October 2011 Meeting. The notice stated that the
meeting had been convened upon the request of over half of the Management
Committee members, and the listed agenda included the approval of the
Association’s accounts for the Financial Year 2010 and the motions to remove
Phua Kiah Mai, Foo Jong Peng and Hun Chin Guan from their respective
positions.[note: 7] Notice of the meeting was duly served on all members of
the Management Committee.

15 On 17 October 2011, RHTLaw wrote to Foo Jong Peng, stating that the notice
to convene the meeting was improper. The proposed meeting was nevertheless
held on 20 October 2011 and was attended by a sufficient quorum of 27
Management Committee members. Phua Kiah Mai and Hun Chin Guan were both absent
from the meeting. The members approved the Association’s accounts for the
Financial Year 2010 and resolutions were passed removing Phua Kiah Mai and Hun
Chin Guan from their positions. The motion to remove Foo Jong Peng as First
Vice President was defeated, and Foo Shick Thai and Pang Fui Nam were elected
as the new President and Honorary Secretary General, respectively, following a
vote by the members present at the meeting.

16 Phua Kiah Mai and Hun Chin Guan then filed Originating Summons No 975 of
2011 (“the Originating Summons”) in the High Court.

Decision below

17 The Respondents’ prayers in the Originating Summons were as follows:

1\. A declaration that [Foo Jong Peng] had no power to convene the Singapore
Hainan Hwee Kuan Management Committee meeting held on 20 October 2011;

2\. A declaration that the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan Management Committee
meeting held on 20 October 2011 is invalid;

3\. A declaration that the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan Management Committee has
no power to remove their President, First Vice President and Honorary
Secretary General and elect a new President, First Vice President and Honorary
Secretary General;

4\. A declaration that [Lee Teck Hai’s] proposal to table the motions for the
removal of [Phua Kiah Mai] as President and [Foo Jong Peng] as First Vice
President of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan, as well as the election of a new
President and First Vice President by the Management Committee of the
Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan, was wrongful and _ultra vires_ ;

5\. A declaration that [Han Tan Juan’s] proposal to table the motions for the
removal of [Hun Chin Guan] as Honorary Secretary General of the Singapore
Hainan Hwee Kuan and the election of a new Honorary Secretary General was
wrongful and _ultra vires_ ;

6\. A declaration that the resolutions passed by the Management Committee of
the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan on 20 October 2011 to remove [Phua Kiah Mai] as
President of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan and to elect [Foo Shick Thai] as
President of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan are invalid and thus null and
void;

7\. An injunction to restrain [Foo Shick Thai] from acting as President of the
Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan;

8\. A declaration that the resolutions passed by the Management Committee of
the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan on 20 October 2011 to remove [Hun Chin Guan] as
Honorary Secretary General of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan and to elect
[Pang Fui Nam] as Honorary Secretary General of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan
are invalid and thus null and void;

9\. An injunction to restrain [Pang Fui Nam] from acting as Honorary Secretary
General of the Singapore Hainan Hwee Kuan.

...

18 The Judge held that the Rules did not expressly provide for the removal of
a member of the Executive Committee, _ie_ , an office bearer, and declined to
imply a term permitting the Management Committee to remove members of the
committee (it was ambiguous which committee the Judge was referring to) apart
from general expulsion from the Association for misconduct (see [5] of the
Judgment).

19 As the Management Committee members were appointed for a fixed two-year
term, the Judge considered that a more reasonable interpretation of the Rules
was that the members of the Association did not intend to have the membership
of the committee rotated before the term had expired (_ibid_). The smooth
functioning of the Association might otherwise be impeded by “constant
election battles” (_ibid_). If the Rules provided for the members to hold
office for two years, they were entitled to do so and the court would not
imply a term for their removal (_ibid_). In the absence of an express
provision in the Rules, the Management Committee could not remove Management
Committee members before the expiry of their terms (_ibid_ at [6]).

20 No order of court was extracted prior to the filing of this appeal and it
was not apparent from the Judgment whether the Judge had granted all nine
prayers.

The issues on appeal

21 The Appellants appealed against the entirety of the Judgment, raising two
main issues:

(a) whether there was an implied term in the Rules giving the Management
Committee the power to remove an office bearer in the Executive Committee; and

(b) whether the 20 October 2011 Meeting was properly convened.

The first issue was the key point of contention between the parties. However,
before turning to analyse the two main issues, we will first address a
preliminary issue that was raised.

Our decision

Preliminary issue: whether live issue to be decided

22 On the day of the oral hearing, a preliminary point was raised that we
should decline to hear this appeal on the merits as there was no longer a live
issue to be decided. The Respondents relied on this court’s decision in
_Attorney-General v Joo Yee Construction Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [1992] 2
SLR(R) 165 (“ _Joo Yee_ ”) for the proposition that the Court of Appeal should
exercise its inherent jurisdiction to decline to decide an issue which the
Appellants retain no interest in, even if the decision would set a useful
precedent for future cases. Counsel for the Respondents informed us that a new
Management Committee had been elected at the AGM held on 20 May 2012 and that
new office bearers had also been elected by the Management Committee;
accordingly, even if the Appellants were to succeed in the present appeal, it
would not affect their interests as the Respondents’ terms of office had
lapsed.

23 We did not agree with the Respondents that the instant appeal was one where
there was no live issue to be decided and considered that the principles laid
down in _Joo Yee_ were not directly applicable to the facts of this case. _Joo
Yee_ involved very unusual factual circumstances where the appellant, the
Attorney-General (representing the Ministry of Health (“MOH”)), had taken a
neutral position before the High Court, _viz_ , it did not object to any of
the legal positions contended for as long as a direction of court was made.
The respondent company, Joo Yee Construction Pte Ltd (“Joo Yee Construction”),
had entered into a construction contract with the MOH with provisions
governing the employment of nominated subcontractors and when direct payments
could be made to these subcontractors. When Joo Yee Construction subsequently
went into liquidation, a question arose as to whether direct payments made by
the MOH to four nominated subcontractors would contravene the combined
operation of ss 280(1) and 327(2) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1988 Ed). The
High Court ruled that the payments were in contravention of the Companies Act
and were accordingly void as against Joo Yee Construction’s liquidators. The
Attorney-General then appealed; the four nominated subcontractors either did
not appeal or withdrew their appeals. Notably, as parties had agreed amongst
themselves on costs, costs were not in issue (see _Joo Yee_ at [6]). This
court followed the principles in the House of Lords decisions of _Sun Life
Assurance Co of Canada v Jervi_ s [1944] AC 111 (“ _Sun Life Assurance_ ”) and
_Ainsbury v Millington_ [1987] 1 WLR 379 (“ _Ainsbury_ ”) and held as follows
at [10]:

... In so far as the Ministry of Health was concerned, its interest in this
issue ceased to exist once the court had ruled on the issue _and_ the four
nominated subcontractors had accepted the court’s ruling by withdrawing or not
proceeding with their appeals. **_The Ministry of Health could not thereafter
be prejudiced or be exposed to the risk of litigation at either the instance
of the respondents or the four nominated subcontractors if it acted in
accordance with the ruling of the court_** _._ Accordingly in our view there
was no live issue in this appeal. [emphasis in original; emphasis added in
bold italics]

24 We now turn to briefly consider the decisions in _Sun Life Assurance_ and
_Ainsbury_. In _Sun Life Assurance_ , the English Court of Appeal affirmed an
order of the court below granting rectification of an endowment policy of life
assurance and the consequent payment of additional sums due to the assured as
a result of the rectification. Leave to appeal to the House of Lords was
granted on the following specific terms:

On the [Appellants’] undertaking to pay the costs as between solicitor and
client in the House of Lords in any event and not to ask for the return of any
money ordered to be paid by this order...

Viscount Simon LC, delivering the judgment for the House of Lords, declined to
hear the appeal and set out the relevant principles, as follows (at 113–114):

... _The difficulty is that the terms put on the appellants by the Court of
Appeal are such as to make it a matter of complete indifference to the
respondent whether the appellants win or lose. The respondent will be in
exactly in the same position in either case. He has nothing to fight for,
because he has already got everything that he can possibly get, however the
appeal turns out, and cannot be deprived of it._ … [t]he objection here is
that, if the appeal fails, the respondent gains nothing at all from his
success.

… I think it is an essential quality of an appeal fit to be disposed of by
this House that there should exist between the parties a matter in actual
controversy which the House undertakes to decide as a living issue.

[emphasis added]

The House of Lords followed _Sun Life Assurance_ in _Ainsbury_. An appeal was
filed against the refusal to grant an injunction ordering the respondent to
vacate a council house. By the time the appeal was before the House of Lords,
the local authority had terminated the tenancy of the council house, and both
the appellant and respondent were no longer in possession. Both parties were
legally aided throughout the proceedings with nil contributions. The House of
Lords held that “neither party can have any interest at all in the outcome of
the appeal” and dismissed the appeal. Lord Bridge made the following important
observation (at 381C-D):

... _Again litigation may sometimes be properly continued for the sole purpose
of resolving an issue as to costs when all other matters in dispute have been
resolved._ Realistically counsel did not suggest that the possibility in this
case of either party being ordered to pay the costs of the other, which in
practice is so remote as to be negligible, could be regarded as affording a
sufficient lis inter partes to keep the appeal alive. [emphasis added]

25 The common thread running through all three cases considered above was
this: costs were not in issue because the parties to the appeal had reached
some form of agreement on costs. It was an integral part of the reasoning in
all three cases that any ruling made on the dispute would have no effect on
the parties’ rights and obligations not only because the subject matter of the
appeal was moot or would have no direct legal consequences for the parties if
resolved either way, _but also_ because _none of the parties had a monetary
interest in the outcome_ as all questions of costs had been disposed with. The
present case was thus distinguishable from the cases considered above. While
it was true that the election of new office bearers of the Executive Committee
meant that the Respondents’ previous terms of office had lapsed and the issue
of whether the Respondents still legally held their offices despite the
purported removal was therefore rendered moot, the parties to this appeal
were, quite unfortunately, unable to come to an agreement on costs. If the
Appellants were successful, the Respondents would have been liable for costs
here and below, and the positions of the parties may therefore have been
affected. We agreed with Lord Bridge’s observations cited above at [24] (see
_Ainsbury_ at 381C-D) and considered that the potential costs ramifications in
the present appeal meant that the Appellants retained a real interest in the
outcome of this dispute before us; see also Lord Hoffmann’s judgment in the
House of Lords decision of _R (Bushell and others) v Newcastle upon Tyne
Licensing Justices and another_ [2006] 1 WLR 496 at [5]–[6] (_cf_ Lord Brown
at [23] expressing some doubt on whether costs alone could provide a
sufficient _lis_ for an appeal, although this observation was made in the
context of the special character of the House of Lords as a second-tier appeal
court and the requirement of leave to appeal).

26 We thus rejected the Respondents’ preliminary objection and proceeded to
hear the substantive merits of the appeal.

The implied power of the Management Committee to remove an office bearer

Law relating to terms implied “in fact”

27 The law relating to implied terms in fact was, until fairly recently,
thought to be well-established, albeit not entirely certain in its precise
ambit of application. A summary of the two traditional tests, _viz_ , the
“business efficacy” test and the “officious bystander” test, is found in the
Singapore High Court’s decision of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte) Ltd v
Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 (“ _Forefront_ ”) (at [29]–[31])
(subsequently approved by this court in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte
Ltd and others_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 (“ _Ng Giap Hon_ ”) at [36]):

29 It has always been acknowledged that particular terms might be implied into
particular contracts. However, in order not to undermine the concept of
freedom of contract itself, terms would be implied only rarely – in
exceptional cases where, as one famous case put it, it was _necessary_ to give
“ _business efficacy_ ” to the contract (see _per_ Bowen LJ (as [he] then was)
in the English Court of Appeal decision [of] _The Moorcock_ (1889) 14 PD 64).
In the words of Bowen LJ himself (at 68):

Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded on the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have. In business transactions such as this, what the law
desires to effect by the implication is to give such business efficacy to the
transaction as must have been intended at all events by both parties who are
[businessmen]; not to impose on one side all the perils of the transaction, or
to emancipate one side from all the chances of failure, but to make each party
promise in law as much, at all events, as it must have been in the
contemplation of both parties that he should be responsible for in respect of
those perils or chances.

30 Indeed, Lord Esher MR adopted a similar approach, although it is Bowen LJ’s
judgment that is most often cited. This is probably due to the fact that a
close perusal of Lord Esher MR’s judgment will reveal that the learned Master
of the Rolls did not _explicitly_ adopt the “business efficacy” test as such.
It might be usefully observed at this juncture that the third judge, Fry LJ,
agreed with both Bowen LJ and Lord Esher MR (see [_The Moorcock_] at 71).

31 There was another test, which soon became equally famous. It was [stated]
by MacKinnon LJ in another English Court of Appeal decision. This was the
famous “ _officious bystander_ ” test which was propounded in _Shirlaw v
Southern Foundries (1926) Limited_ [1939] 2 KB 206 at 227 (“ _Shirlaw_ ”)
(affirmed, [1940] AC 701), as follows:

If I may quote from an essay which I wrote some years ago, I then said: “Prima
facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and need not be
expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so that, if,
while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander were to
suggest some express provision for it in their agreement, they would testily
suppress him with a common ‘Oh, of course!’”

At least it is true, I think, that, if a term were never implied by a judge
unless it could pass that test, he could not be held to be wrong.

Interestingly, the essay referred to above was in fact a public lecture
delivered at the London School of Economics in the University of London: see
Sir Frank MacKinnon, _Some Aspects of Commercial Law – A Lecture Delivered at
the London School of Economics on 3 March 1926_ (Oxford University Press,
1926) (and see, especially, p 13). ...

[emphasis in original]

28 The relationship between the two tests is complementary, rather than
alternative or cumulative: the officious bystander test is the _practical_
_mode_ by which the business efficacy test is implemented (see _Forefront_ at
[36], cited with approval by this court _in Chua Choon Cheng and others v
Allgreen Properties Ltd and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 724 at [63]).

The Belize test

29 The conceptual basis of the implication of terms was reconsidered in the
Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Court of Appeal of Belize) of
_Attorney General of Belize and others v Belize Telecom Ltd and another_
[2009] 1 WLR 1988 (“ _Belize_ ”). Lord Hoffmann, delivering the advice of the
Board, stated that “[t]he proposition that the implication of a term is an
_exercise in the construction of the instrument as a whole_ is... a matter of
logic” [emphasis added] (at [19]) and reformulated the test for implied terms
(hereafter referred to as “the _Belize_ test”) in the following terms (at
[21]):

It follows that in every case in which it is said that some provision ought to
be implied in an instrument, _the question for the court is whether such a
provision would spell out in express words what the instrument, read against
the relevant background, would reasonably be understood to mean._ It will be
noticed from Lord Pearson’s speech [in _Trollope & Colls Ltd v North West
Metropolitan Regional Hospital Board_ [1973] 1 WLR 601 at 609] that this
question can be reformulated in various ways which a court may find helpful in
providing an answer—the implied term must “go without saying”, it must be
“necessary to give business efficacy to the contract” and so on—but these are
not in the Board’s opinion to be treated as different or additional tests.
_There is only one question: is that what the instrument, read as a whole
against the relevant background, would reasonably be understood to mean?_
[emphasis added]

The two traditional tests, in the learned law lord’s view, merely represented
different ways in which the courts have expressed this key question, and Lord
Hoffmann warned of the “dangers in treating these alternative formulations of
the question as if they had a life of their own” (at [22]).

The Belize test considered

30 There has, in fact, been a dearth of local authority considering the
_Belize_ test. Whilst the recent Singapore High Court decision of _Sembcorp
Marine Ltd v PPL Holdings Pte Ltd and another_ [2012] 3 SLR 801 referred to
the _Belize_ test, we refrain from commenting on it as we understand that
appeals are pending before this court. There was also an observation, by way
of _obiter dicta_ , by this court in _MFM Restaurants Pte Ltd and another v
Fish & Co Restaurants Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 150 (“ _MFM_
”), where it was stated as follows (at [98]; see also at [100], where there is
a further reference in the context of terms “implied in law”):

It is interesting to note, at this juncture, that the broad underlying thread
of _interpretation_ which Lord Hoffmann utilises in advocating his approach
centring on assumption of responsibility by the defendant (a point
perceptively made by _Wee_ [Paul C K Wee, “Contractual interpretation and
remoteness” [2010] LMCLQ 150] _..._ has _also_ been utilised by the learned
law lord in the area of implied terms as well (in particular, to terms implied
_in fact_) – hence, the analogy drawn by Lord Hoffmann between both these
aforementioned areas. However, and with the greatest of respect, the
uncertainty generated in the latter area would, in our view, apply equally to
the former area. In the recent Privy Council decision (on appeal from the
Court of Appeal of Belize) of _Attorney General of Belize v Belize Telecom
Limited_ [2009] 1 WLR 1988, for example, Lord Hoffmann, delivering the
judgment of the Board, adopted an extremely broad approach towards the
implication of terms in fact, effectively _effacing_ the distinction between
the time-honoured “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests (for a
general account of these two tests (as well as their possible relationship),
see the Singapore High Court decision of _Forefront Medical Technology (Pte)
Ltd v Modern-Pak Pte Ltd_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 927 at [29]–[40]). This results,
however, in a lack of concrete rules (and consequent normative guidance) as
well as uncertainty in the practical sphere (a point which is also emphasised
by _Wee_ at 162–166; reference may also be made to Elizabeth Macdonald,
“Casting Aside ‘Officious Bystanders’ and ‘Business Efficacy’?” (2009) 26 JCL
97). One should not, in fact, be surprised at such a result as the lack of
guidance as well as uncertainty is likely to be the result when the _umbrella_
concept of _interpretation_ , which is pitched at a _necessarily high level of
abstraction_ , is utilised (in substance, if not form) as the legal basis for
_different and disparate areas of law_ (_cf_ also the collected essays in
Brian Coote, _Contract as Assumption - Essays on a Theme_ (Hart Publishing,
2010) (Rick Bigwood ed); in so far as _The Achilleas_ itself is concerned, see
the very recent comment by Brian Coote, “Contract as Assumption and Remoteness
of Damage” (2010) 26 JCL 211 (“ _Coote_ ”)). The lack of guidance stems from
the absence of a sufficiently specific set of _concrete_ rules and principles
whilst the resultant uncertainty is the natural consequence when legal rules
and principles lacking specific and concrete guidance are sought to be applied
to the various sets of facts (which are themselves necessarily myriad in
nature) (in this regard, see also generally this court's observations in
_Mühlbauer AG v Manufacturing Integration Technology Ltd_ [2010] 2 SLR 724 (“
_Mühlbauer_ ”) (at [40]–[43]) about the danger of over-generalisation and
over-abstraction in making legal arguments). Put simply, whilst it is
desirable from a conceptual perspective to have umbrella doctrines that make
for _theoretical_ “neatness”, there is a limit to which one can have “one-
size-fits-all” _doctrines_ that will not ultimately become legal procrustean
beds (see also _Wee_ at 166 and 175–176). Indeed, the necessity for _specific_
rules and principles has always been the hallmark of the development of the
common law. Such specificity has, in fact, been (perhaps paradoxically) one of
the key strengths of the common law itself, which is why Prof S F C Milsom
perceptively observed that the common law system developed in a strikingly
systematic fashion, notwithstanding the apparent absence of a clear blueprint
as such (see generally S F C Milsom, “Reason in the Development of the Common
Law” (1965) 81 LQR 496; see also _Mühlbauer_ (at [42]) where it is observed
that there is an _interactive_ process between the _universal_ and the
_particular_ or the _general_ and the _specific_ in law and decision-making).
[emphasis in original]

31 As we shall see, the observations in _MFM_ , although rendered by way of
_obiter dicta_ , are significant inasmuch as they embody what is, with
respect, the fundamental difficulty with the _Belize_ test. And it is that
whilst the process of implication (of terms) is, when viewed in a more general
sense, also a process of interpretation, the process of implication itself is,
in the final analysis, just one specific conception of the broader concept of
“interpretation”. In particular, the process of implication is _separate and
distinct from_ the more general process relating to the interpretation of
documents. Indeed, the process of implication of terms proceeds, _ex
hypothesi_ , on the _absence_ of an _express_ term of the contract. Hence, the
implication of a term, whether in fact or in law (for the distinction between
these two categories of implied terms, see generally _Forefront_ (at
[41]-[44]); reference may also be made to the decision of this court in _Jet
Holding Ltd v Cooper (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 769 at [90]-[91]),
involves tests as well as techniques that are not only specific but also
different from those which operate in relation to the interpretation of
documents in general and the (_express_) terms contained therein in particular
(see also the observation of Lord Steyn in the House of Lords decision of
_Equitable Life Assurance Society v Hyman_ [2002] 1 AC 408 at 458 as well as
the perceptive observations by Prof Gerard McMeel in _The Construction of
Contracts – Interpretation, Implication, and Rectification_ (2nd ed, Oxford
University Press, 2011) at para 10.04). The (general) _concept_ of “
_interpretation_ ” has much in common with the _implication_ of terms
_inasmuch as both entail an objective approach_. _However_ , it is, in our
view, incorrect to _conflate_ the tests as well as techniques which accompany
both the aforementioned processes. Before proceeding to elaborate further, it
would be appropriate at this juncture – consistently with the views just
expressed – to note the very pertinent observations by a learned author, as
follows (see Paul S Davies, “Recent developments in the law of implied terms”
[2010] LMCLQ 140 (“ _Davies_ ”) at p 144):

Lord Hoffmann’s speech in _Belize_ may be seen to assimilate further
implication within interpretation. Indeed, this was Lord Hoffmann’s stated
aim, since “the implication of the term is not an addition to the instrument.
It only spells out what the instrument means”. Yet this is questionable as a
matter of logic: if the contract is silent on a point, by implying a term the
court is supplementing, or replacing, this silence. It is submitted that it is
stretching the boundaries of interpretation too far to suggest that
implication is not an addition to the instrument, or that it simply gives
effect to what the instrument means. An implied term may give effect to what
the instrument should, ideally, have expressly provided for, but not what the
instrument means in the form in which it was agreed by the parties.

There is no utility in artificially forcing the doctrine of implication within
the confines of interpretation. Indeed, it may actually be dangerous. This is
exemplified by the fact that it no longer matters if the parties would not
have responded to the officious bystander with a cursory, “Oh, of course!” Why
should a term be imposed upon a party if it would not have instantly agreed to
such a term upon being asked by a bystander? ... _Belize_ suggests that the
subjective intentions of the parties are now irrelevant, and that the only
matter of importance is what the reasonable observer would understand the
contract to mean.

32 Returning to _Belize_ , as is evident from Lord Hoffmann’s approach in that
case (quoted above at [29]), the central focus or test is premised on – to use
more general terminology – the concept of _the reasonable person_. As a
learned author put it, “the approach to be derived from _Belize_ seems to
entail, in the context of contractual implied terms, the replacement of the
officious bystander by another character from legal folklore, formerly
referred to as the man on the Clapham omnibus” (see John McCaughran, “Implied
Terms: The Journey of the Man on the Clapham Omnibus” [2011] CLJ 607 (“
_McCaughran_ ”) at p 614). It is important to note that this particular
concept of the reasonable person is to be viewed as a _single (and, hence,
objective) standard_ _inasmuch as it is the court which stands in the shoes of
“the reasonable person”_ in determining what the contractual instrument, read
as a whole against the relevant background, would _reasonably be understood_
to mean. Indeed, despite his more general misgivings on the concept of the
reasonable person when it is in effect used in a subjective manner, the
invocation of this particular (objective) concept of the reasonable person in
the context of implied terms is one which appears to have been mooted by the
learned law lord at least as far back as 1995 in the 24th Lord Upjohn Lecture
which was delivered on 12 May 1995 at the Inns of Court School of Law (see
Lord Hoffmann, “Anthropomorphic Justice: The Reasonable Man and His Friends”
(1995) 29 The Law Teacher 127 (“ _Anthropomorphic Justice_ ”) (especially at
pp 138–140); see also, by the same author, “The Intolerable Wrestle with Words
and Meanings” (1997) 114 South African LJ 656 at p 662 and, more recently, “A
conversation with Lord Hoffmann” [2010] Law and Financial Markets Review 242
at p 243). Significantly, though, the following (and oft-cited) observations
by Lord Radcliffe in the House of Lords decision of _Davis Contractors Ltd v
Fareham Urban District Council_ [1956] AC 696 (at 728), which were relied upon
by Lord Hoffmann in _Anthropomorphic Justice_ in support of the “reasonable
man” approach in the context of the implication of terms, were made in the
context of the doctrine of _frustration_ (a point which the learned law lord
himself noted (see _Anthropomorphic Justice_ at pp 127-128) and which, very
importantly in our view, is a doctrine that applies by operation of _law_ and
therefore does _not_ concern the search for the presumed intention of the
contracting parties (which is the case where the _implication_ of terms is
concerned)):

By this time it might seem that the parties themselves have become so far
disembodied spirits that their actual persons should be allowed to rest in
peace. In their place there rises the figure of the fair and reasonable man.
And the spokesman of the fair and reasonable man, who represents after all no
more than the anthropomorphic conception of justice, is and must be the court
itself.

33 As already alluded to above, inasmuch as the concept of the reasonable
person implies _an objective approach_ , that concept must surely be an
integral part of the process of the implication of terms. However, the
adoption of an objective approach does not, in and of itself, tell us _how_ a
particular term ought – or ought not – to be implied (_ex hypothesi_ , on an
_objective_ basis). Put simply, _a particular test (or tests) of implication
are imperative_. In so far as “terms implied _in fact_ ” are concerned, these
would, in our view, take the form of the “business efficacy” and “officious
bystander” tests. These tests constitute (in the manner set out above at [28])
specific as well as concrete guidance for the courts in a situation where the
contracting parties have not, _ex hypothesi_ , made express provision for the
situation concerned in the first place by providing default background
guidelines on when the parties may be presumed to have – or not have – a
particular unexpressed intention. More importantly, underlying _both_ the
“business efficacy” and the “officious bystander” tests is a criterion that is
_not necessarily_ present when applying the broader concept of interpretation,
_viz_ (with no pun intended), that of _necessity_. In this regard, the
following observations by Lord Clarke MR in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Mediterranean Salvage and Towage Ltd v Seamar Trading and
Commerce Inc, The Reborn_ [2010] 1 All ER (Comm) 1 (“ _Mediterranean Salvage
and Towage_ ”) (at [15]) are particularly significant (reference may also be
made to the English Court of Appeal decision of _Eastleigh B_ _C v Town Quay
Developments Ltd_ [2010] 2 P & CR 2 at [32] (_per_ Arden LJ) as well as Lord
Grabiner QC, “The Iterative Process of Contractual Interpretation” (2012) 28
LQR 41 at pp 58–61):

[A]s I read Lord Hoffmann’s analysis [in _Belize_], although he is emphasising
that the process of implication is part of the process of construction of the
contract, he is not in any way resiling from the often stated proposition that
it must be necessary to imply the proposed term.

It should be noted that the threshold of _necessity_ is of little guidance in
isolation, and the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests give
practical meaning to this criterion. In contrast, a direct practical
relationship with the presumed intentions of the contracting parties is absent
from the threshold of “reasonable meaning” as a standalone concept.

34 On a related (and no less important) note, the search under the rubric of
implied terms is a search for _the presumed intention of the contracting
parties_. In other words, _the court ought not to – and, indeed, cannot –
simply substitute its view as to that intention_. Put simply, the intention
may be presumed, but the court cannot be presumptuous. We accept that a
sceptic might well argue that such a search by the court is a fiction.
However, even if we accept that argument, not all _legal_ fictions are
necessarily fictitious in the pejorative sense that the turn of phrase is
utilised by a layperson. Indeed, we would go further: We are of the view that
there is no legal fiction involved inasmuch as the court concerned does indeed
sift through the objective evidence before it in order to ascertain what the
presumed intention of the contracting parties is. In doing this, the court is
constantly cognisant of the cardinal (and guiding) principle that it will
_not_ re-write the contract for the contracting parties. It is true that the
very nature of an _implied_ term necessitates some investigation of sorts on
the part of the court. _However, it bears reiterating that the court does not
substitute its own view of what the contracting parties should have intended
had the gap in their contract been brought to their attention at the time they
entered into the contract._

35 Indeed, there are legal boundaries or parameters which the court will not
transgress. One of these is an obvious one: Where there is already an
_express_ term covering the situation at hand, the court will _not_ _imply_ a
term which _contradicts_ that particular _express_ term (see, for example,
Pearlie Koh & Andrew Phang Boon Leong, “Express and Implied Terms” in ch 6 of
_The Law of Contract in Singapore_ (Andrew Phang Boon Leong gen ed) (Academy
Publishing, 2012) (“ _The Law of Contract in Singapore_ ”) at para 06.054).
Another relates to a principle already emphasised above, _viz_ , the criterion
of _necessity_. The very nature of this criterion means that the court will
imply terms “in fact” _sparingly_. In order to arrive at its decision whether
or not to imply a term “in fact”, it will utilise the two tests mentioned
above (_viz_ , the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests) which,
by their very nature, are directly related to ascertaining how _the
contracting parties_ would (or would not) have filled the gap which ought not
to have existed had it been covered by an _express_ term in the first place.
Again, one must, in our view, resist the approach of the sceptic merely
because _the court_ is involved in this exercise. To put it bluntly, this _is_
the court’s task, _regardless_ of the views of the sceptic. More importantly,
the court strives, from its _external_ vantage point, to ascertain (through
the _objective evidence_ available) the _internal_ intention of the
contracting parties _had they been apprised of the situation concerned_. This
is why the search is for the _presumed_ – as opposed to the actual and
subjective – intention of the contracting parties. The concern of the sceptic
is, with respect, a misplaced one. No one would seriously controvert the
sceptic’s concerns if all that he or she is saying is that the process is an
imperfect one. After all, it _was_ indeed the imperfection of the contracting
parties in _leaving a gap_ in their contract in the first place that created
the _necessity_ for implying the term. Utilising the criterion of necessity as
embodied within the two tests referred to above, the court attempts its level
best to ascertain the presumed intention of the contracting parties in order
to ascertain whether or not it will imply the term concerned. Indeed, on a
more general level, the law of contract is _not_ – owing to a variety of both
theoretical as well as practical reasons – concerned with the _actual
subjective_ intentions of contracting parties _per se_ but, rather, is (as
already alluded to above) concerned with ascertaining such intentions _via_
_objective evidence_ (and on the concept of objectivity, see generally the
analysis (as well as the literature cited therein) in Andrew Phang Boon Leong
& Goh Yihan, “Offer and Acceptance” in ch 3 of _The Law of Contract in
Singapore_ at paras 03.006-03.020). What is clear, however, is that adopting
the approach of the sceptic is to regress down a slippery slope into legal
oblivion and disempowerment. In this regard, it would not, perhaps, be
inappropriate to refer to some observations from a lecture delivered at the
University of Hong Kong in 2009 which were also referred to in _MFM_ (at
[138]) (see Andrew Phang, “Doctrine and Fairness in the Law of Contract” in
_The Common Law Lecture Series 2008-2009_ (Jessica Young & Rebecca Lee gen
eds) (The University of Hong Kong, 2010) pp 17-100 at pp 18-24):

Put simply, the central thesis of the present lecture is this: The rules and
principles which constitute the _doctrine_ of the law are not ends in
themselves but are, rather, the means through which the courts arrive at
_substantively fair_ outcomes in the cases before them in _every_ area of the
law.

[It should be added] that neither is more important than the other. In other
words, the desire to arrive at a fair outcome does not mean that the courts
can manipulate legal doctrine in an arbitrary fashion. Indeed, part of [the]
task in the present lecture is to demonstrate - through illustrations from the
law of contract - that legal doctrine is a coherent body of rules and
principles which contain many common threads or linkages. Hence, any attempt
to manipulate them in order to arrive at a predetermined result would be both
artificial as well as unacceptable, and would instead lead to a loss of
legitimacy in the law in the eyes of both the legal profession as well as the
public alike. [It should also be mentioned], at this juncture, that academic
literature is also important in the analysis as well as formulation of legal
doctrine, especially with regard to the consideration of nascent and/or
controversial areas of the law. However, [one pauses] to mention
(parenthetically) that, whilst there is the need for the consideration as well
as citation of academic writings, there is also the need for such writings to
be _relevant_ inasmuch as, _inter alia_ , esoteric and/or highly abstract
discourse ought to be avoided. In other words, whilst academic writings must
always maintain their intellectual rigour, it must never be forgotten that
their _highest_ calling (and achievement) consists, in the final analysis, in
their contribution to the legal _profession_ as a whole.

On the other hand, legal doctrine is not an end itself. Its primary function
is to guide the court, in a reasoned fashion, to arrive at _a fair result_ in
the case before it. Here, too, academic literature has a potentially
significant (perhaps even pivotal) role to play. This is because, in some
quarters, there has \- particularly with the advent of postmodern legal
thought - been an increased (and, unfortunately, increasingly) skeptical view
taken of the law in general and legal objectivity in particular. Such an
approach is, on any view, both corrosive as well as destructive. Whilst one
cannot deny that the _application_ of objective rules and principles is a
_dynamic process_ which may therefore give rise (on occasion at least) to some
unpredictability as well as uncertainty (particularly in an imperfect world),
it is certainly the _very antithesis_ of the law to argue that the law is
wholly subjective and that (putting it crudely) ‘anything goes’. Indeed, as
[was] observed in the Singapore High Court decision of _Forefront Medical
Technology (Pte) Ltd v Modern-Pak Private Ltd_ :

[I]t is important to stress that notwithstanding many academic critiques to
the effect that commercial certainty and predictability are chimerical, it
cannot be gainsaid that the _perception_ of their importance is deeply
entrenched within the commercial legal landscape in general and in the
individual psyches of commercial parties (and even non-commercial parties, for
that matter) in particular. It may be worth observing that most of these
critiques stem from a radical view of the law. To put it bluntly, many of such
views stem from the premise that objectivity of the law is not merely elusive
but positively illusory. In particular, such a sceptical approach is based on
the idea that everything is subjective. This is, of course, the very
antithesis of the very enterprise of the law itself. Such an approach also
conveniently misses its own absolute cast. Unfortunately, though, it is an
absolute view that dispirits and disempowers. It is profoundly negative and
ought to be avoided at all costs.

Indeed, the view that the law is subjective (and, consequently, arbitrary)
would cause an irreparable loss in the _legitimacy_ of the law in the eyes of
_the public_. And, as just mentioned, it would also dispirit as well as
disempower lawyers, judges and students alike. And, from just a logical
perspective (as also pointed out in the judgment just mentioned), the very
view that all law is subjective is _itself_ an ‘absolute’ proposition that
thus involves circularity and (more importantly) self-contradiction.

...

[S]implistic reductionism must, [it should be added], be assiduously avoided
by all concerned (including the courts) - if nothing else, because life is too
complex. [The preferred approach is] viewing doctrine and fairness as an
_interactive_ process, although the attainment of a fair result in each case
is the ultimate aim of the court.

[emphasis in original]

The status of the Belize test in Singapore

36 In summary, although the process of the implication of terms does involve
the concept of interpretation, it entails a _specific form or conception_ _of
interpretation_ which is _separate and distinct from_ the _more general_
process of interpretation (in particular, interpretation of the _express_
terms of a particular document). Indeed, the process of the implication of
terms _necessarily_ involves a situation where it is precisely because the
_express_ term(s) are _missing_ that the court is compelled to ascertain the
presumed intention of the parties via the “business efficacy” and the
“officious bystander” tests (both of which are premised on the concept of
necessity). In this context, terms will not be implied easily or lightly.
Neither does the court imply terms based on its idea of what it thinks _ought_
to be the contractual relationship between the contracting parties. The court
is concerned only with the _presumed_ intention of the contracting parties
because it can ascertain the _subjective_ intention of the contracting parties
_only_ through _the objective evidence which is available before it_ in the
case concerned. _In our view, therefore, although the_ Belize _test is helpful
in reminding us of the importance of the general_ _concept of interpretation
(and its accompanying emphasis on the need for objective evidence), we would
respectfully reject that_ _test in so far as it suggests that the traditional
“business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests are not central to the
implication of terms. On the contrary, both these tests (premised as they are
on the concept of necessity) are an integral as well as indispensable part of
the law relating to implied terms in Singapore_ (as noted above at
[27]-[28])_._

A Coda – Post-Belize decisions as well as academic literature

37 Indeed, a survey of the English case law as well as academic literature
since the _Belize_ test was first promulgated will reveal what seems to us to
be an overall ambiguity (particularly in the former) and no small measure of
negative critique of that test (particularly in the latter).

38 Turning, first, to the English case law, although _Belize_ has been cited
in a fair number of cases, it is by no means clear that both the “business
efficacy” and the “officious bystander” tests have been relegated to the
sidelines of the English law relating to terms implied “in fact”. Indeed, in
the English Court of Appeal decision of _Stena Line Limited v P & O Ferries
Limited_ [2010] EWCA Civ 543 (“ _Stena Line_ ”), Arden LJ (with whom both
Toulson and Rimer LJJ agreed), whilst of the view (at [36]) that “[t]he
_Belize_ case constitutes an important and recent development in the
principles of interpretation” also expressed the view that that decision was
one “which the courts are probably still absorbing and ingesting”. More
importantly, the learned judge also observed (at [44]) that “[t]he
_implications_ of _Belize_ on the case law on implied terms, which puts
forward the different formulae referred to above, _is not wholly clear_ ”
[emphasis added]. Although the court in _Stena Line_ did nevertheless appear
to apply the _Belize_ test, there did not seem to be any definitive
pronouncement on the precise status of the “business efficacy” and “officious
bystander” tests post-_Belize_. In a related vein, Davies was of the view that
the court in _Mediterranean Salvage and Towage_ was not at all enthusiastic
with the _Belize_ test (see _Davies_ at p 147). The English High Court
decision of _Spencer and another v Secretary of State for Defence_ [2012] 2
All ER (Comm) 480 might also be usefully noted. In that case, although Vos J
embarked on an comprehensive survey of the relevant precedents and purported
to apply the _Belize_ test, the learned judge did also observe as follows (at
[52] and [96]):

The other cases after the _A-G of Belize_ case do not entirely speak with one
voice: some seem to consider that Lord Hoffmann was merely encapsulating the
existing law, and others recognise the case as a persuasive departure from
what was thought to be the law on implied terms up until 2009. Mr McCaughran’s
article expresses forcefully the latter view, whilst Lord Grabiner’s article
((2012) 128 LQR 41, pp 58-61) declines to recognise any substantive change at
all. Many of the subsequent cases do not really take the matter much further,
but for the sake of completeness, I will mention the more important passages
from each of them.

...

I have not thought it necessary in order to decide this case to comment on the
differences of academic and judicial opinion as to the effect of the _A-G of
Belize_ case ... . I am sure there will be many commentators ready and willing
to continue that debate in the months and years to come.

39 Whilst it might be argued that the reference to the reasonable person test
in _Belize_ in the case law suggests that the “business efficacy” and
“officious bystander” tests are no longer central to the test for terms
“implied in fact”, there does not appear to be any clear (and _independent_)
statement in the case law itself as to how the reasonable person test is to be
applied and/or what the precise statuses of the “business efficacy” and
“officious bystander” tests are (see, for example, the English Court of Appeal
decisions of _Mediterranean Salvage and Towage_ (at [8]–[15]); _Chantry
Estates (Southeast) Ltd v Anderson and another_ (2010) 130 Con LR 11 (at
[14]–[16]); _Garratt v Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd_ [2011] ICR 880 (at [46]);
_Groveholt Limited v Alan Hughes and another_ [2010] EWCA Civ 538 (at [45]);
_Thomas Crema v Cenkos Securities Plc_ [2010] EWCA Civ 1444 (“ _Thomas Crema_
”) (especially the summary by Aikens LJ at [38]); _K G Bominflot_
_Bukergesellscharft_ _für_ _Mineral?le_ _mbH & Co v Petroplus Marketing A G,
The Mercini Lady_ [2011] 2 All ER (Comm) 522 (at 44]); and _Makram_ _Boarsoum_
_Estafnous v London & Leeds Business Centres Limited_ [2011] EWCA Civ 1157 (at
[28]), as well as the Privy Council decision (on appeal from the Court of
Appeal of Jamaica) of _Thompson and another v Goblin Hill Hotels Ltd_ [2011] 1
BCLC 587 (at [27]) and the English High Court decisions of _Durham Tees Valley
Airport Ltd v bmibaby Ltd and another_ [2009] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 246 (at [89]);
_Inta Navigation Ltd and another v Ranch Investments Ltd and another_ [2010] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 74 (at [42]–[44]); _Alessandro Benedetti v Naguib_ _Onsi_ _Naguib_
_Sawiris_ [2009] EWHC 1330 (Ch) (at [216]–[217]); _Excelsior Group Productions
Limited v Yorkshire Television Limited_ [2009] EWHC 1751 (Comm) (at
[105]–[106]); _A E T Inc Ltd v Arcadia Petroleum Ltd (The “Eagle Valencia”)_
[2010] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 593 (at [4]); _C D V Softward Entertainment A G v
Gamecock Media Europe Limited_ [2009] EWHC 2965 (Ch) (at [74] and [77]); _E N
E Kos 1 Ltd v Petroleo_ _Brasileiro S A (No 2)_ [2010] 1 All ER (Comm) 669 (at
[41]); _Malcolm Rutherford v Seymour Pierce Ltd_ [2010] EWHC 375 (QB) (at
[18]); _The P N F Trust Company Ltd v Geoff Taylor and others_ [2010] EWHC
1573 (Ch) (at [130]–[132]); _Re Agrimarche Ltd (In Creditors’ Voluntary
Liquidation)_ [2010] BCC 775 (at [15]); _Enterprise Inns Plc v Forest Hill
Tavern Public House Ltd_ [2010] EWHC 2368 (at [23]–[25]); _North Shore
Ventures Ltd v Anstead Holdings Inc and others_ [2011] 1 All ER (Comm) 81 (at
[242]); _Lomas and others v J F B Firth Rixon Inc and others (International
Swaps and Derivatives Association intervening)_ [2011] 2 BCLC 120 (at [57]);
_Miscela Limited v Coffee Republic Retail Limited_ [2011] EWHC 1637 (QB) (at
[48]–[49]); _F & C Alternative Investments (Holdings) Limited v Francois
Barthelemy_ [2011] EWHC 1731 (Ch) (at [225] and [260]–[274]) and _Ross River
Limited v Waveley Commercial Limited_ [2012] EWHC 81 (Ch) (at [218]–[219], in
which all parties in fact agreed (at [218]) that the principles set out in
_Belize_ should be applied and where the summary by Aikens LJ in _Thomas
Crema_ referred to above was cited (at [219])). If, indeed, the reasonable
person test has (as we have noted above) been pitched at too general a level
of abstraction and recourse must therefore be had to the more specific
criteria embodied in both the “business efficacy” and “officious bystander”
tests, then we would be back to “square one”, so to speak.

40 We would add that in so far as the case law merely refers to _Belize_ as
encompassing the concept of interpretation or construction (see, for example,
the English High Court decision of _The Procter & Gamble Company v Svenska
__Cellulosa_ _Aktiebolaget_ [2012] EWHC 498 (Ch) (at [8])), this is, with
respect, also unhelpful. As we have noted above, the process of the
implication of terms is neither incompatible nor inconsistent with the concept
of interpretation or construction. However, this does not answer the more
specific issue which we have raised and dealt with above, _viz_ , the true
nature of the process of the implication of terms and the centrality of the
“business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests in this process.

41 Finally, turning to the academic literature, although Sir Kim Lewison has
observed (in Kim Lewison, _The Interpretation of Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell,
5th Ed, 2011) at para 6.03) that _Belize_ “has now been referred to many times
as the starting point for deciding whether a term should be implied into a
contract” and that “[i]t may be taken to represent the current state of the
law of England and Wales”, that decision has by no means been unequivocally
and uniformly endorsed in the academic literature itself. In fairness, there
are comments on _Belize_ which are very favourable (see, for example, Kelvin F
K Low & Kelry C F Loi, “The Many “Tests” for Terms Implied in Fact: Welcome
Clarity” (2009) 125 LQR 561 (“ _Low & Loi_”) and Chris Peters, “The
Implication of Terms in Fact” [2009] CLJ 513 (“ _Peters_ ”)). However, despite
their endorsement of the _Belize_ test, the learned authors of the first piece
just cited do nevertheless point to the difficulty in effecting the gap-
filling _via_ implied terms (see _Low & Loi_ at pp 566–567). The “business
efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests do constitute the means by which
such gap-filling is effected and are, as explained above, more specific and
particular than (as well as different from) the broad concept of
interpretation. As importantly, perhaps, it is significant to note that the
author of the second piece has noted that the _Belize_ test “also appears to
represent something of _a departure from_ the traditional focus on _necessity_
” [emphasis added] (_Peters_ at p 514) – a departure which, as already noted
above (at [33]), is not an approach that ought to be adopted in the context of
terms “implied in fact”.

42 More importantly, there is also commentary that is in fact quite critical
of the _Belize_ test, as exemplified, for example, by an article to which we
have already referred (see generally _Davies_ as well as above at [31]).
Another author also expresses the view that the _Belize_ test might be too
liberal, introducing (implied) terms which do not in fact fulfil the
intentions of the contracting parties (see generally Elizabeth Mcdonald,
“Casting Aside ‘Officious Bystanders’ and ‘Business Efficacy’?” (2009) 26 JCL
97). We would, finally, observe that there is yet other commentary which
adopts a neutral stance as between the _Belize_ test on the one hand and the
traditional “business efficacy” and “officious bystander” tests on the other
(see, for example, _McCaughran_ ; _cf_ also Edwin Peel, _Treitel: The Law of
Contract_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 13th Ed, 2011), especially at paras 6-032–6-033
and _Chitty on Contracts – Third Cumulative Supplement to the Thirtieth
Edition_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2011) at pp 150–151).

43 In summary, therefore, neither the English case law nor the academic
literature furnishes clear support for the _Belize_ test. The entire picture
is mixed at best and ambiguous at worst, and constitutes further support for
the approach adopted by this court (set out above at [36]).

Application to the facts

44 We turn now to consider (applying both the “business efficacy” as well as
“officious bystander” tests) whether a term conferring a power on the
Management Committee to remove office bearers may be implied in the Rules. The
Appellants’ case was simply that he who appoints an office bearer, _ie_ , the
Management Committee, must necessarily also have the power to remove this
office bearer. It was also argued that the Rules did not specify the term of
office for the office bearers in the Executive Committee; if a power of
removal were not implied, it would mean that the office bearers could remain
in office indefinitely.

45 We were not persuaded by the Appellants’ argument, and considered that the
_overall context_ of the Rules pointed to a contrary conclusion. The purpose
of the Rules is to set out the rights and obligations of the members _inter
se_ and to create an effective governance structure that would enable the
Association to achieve its objectives, listed in Rule 3, of promoting the
welfare of the Hainanese community and fostering interaction and a sense of
identity amongst the community. Rules 12(1) and 15 vest the overall mandate to
conduct and manage the affairs of the Association in the Management Committee
as a whole, and the Executive Committee – which consists of all the office
bearers – carries out the day to day running of the Association under the
general instruction of the Management Committee. Rule 9 sets out the procedure
for the election of office bearers, as follows:

**RULE 9**

(1) The elected Management Committee Members shall elect amongst themselves by
secret ballots the President, the three Vice-President and the heads and
deputy heads of the ten committee [sic].

(2) The post of President and the posts of respective Vice-Presidents shall
not be held by the same person for more than two consecutive terms. The
Honorary Treasurer/Deputy Honorary Treasurer and the Internal Auditors shall
not be immediately re-elected to the same or related positions.

The Rules are silent on the removal of office bearers. Rule 19, however,
provides for the expulsion of members by the Management Committee for
misconduct, and also prescribes certain procedural safeguards and voting
majorities.

46 It was clear to us that both the “business efficacy” and “officious
bystander” tests were not satisfied, and that this implied power of removal
could not therefore have been part of the presumed intentions of the members.
We did not think it was necessary for the effective management of the
Association’s affairs for the Management Committee to be given the power to
remove particular office bearers. The Management Committee still retains the
decisive power to supervise the conduct of the office bearers, manage finances
and to formulate the general policy direction for the Association. We were
cognisant of the fact that many clubs and unincorporated associations, unlike
companies, are run on a non-profit basis and many office bearers take on
positions of responsibility on a voluntary basis. While it is conceivable that
a change in leadership may sometimes be desirable, we did not think that it
was _necessary_ for leadership change to be effected through a blunt power of
removal wielded exclusively by the Management Committee, instead of through
sensible compromise and consensus. It was also noted that the First Respondent
averred that it was the first time in the 157-year history of the Association
that a President had been removed before the expiry of his term of
office.[note: 8] While we accept that there is always a first time when
unanticipated problems arise and that this does not _per se_ mean that a term
conferring a power of removal is unnecessary, in this particular factual
context, it did suggest that the Association is capable of governing itself
within the existing framework set out in the Rules without an ad-hoc gap
filling mechanism in the form of the implied term.

47 Further, the power of removal was not, in our view, so obvious that it
would go without saying that such a term ought to be implied under the
“officious bystander” test. The Rules include specific rules governing the
removal of trustees and expulsion of members for misconduct (see Rules 14 and
19, respectively) and therefore contemplate the possibility that individuals
with certain positions of responsibility or members may need to be removed in
the interests of the Association. It is thus difficult to believe that the
members did not advert themselves to the possibility of removal of office
bearers or did not expressly say so because they had considered it so obvious
that it would go without saying. We also do not think that the members would
have considered it obvious that the Management Committee itself should have
free rein to remove an office bearer. The members could have preferred the
power of removal to be vested in the General Meeting or for the power to be
exercised only when stringent voting margins or procedural pre-conditions are
met; alternatively, as the Judge observed, the members could equally have
intended that this apparent “gap” in the Rules should mean precisely that
office bearers cannot be removed and must be allowed to serve out their
complete two-year term of office in order to ensure stability and continuity
in the management of the Association. The Appellants submitted to us that the
Judge’s reasoning on this point was flawed because the Rules did not expressly
provide for a fixed term of office for an office bearer, but we were unable to
agree with the Appellants’ – somewhat ironically – unduly literal
interpretation of this aspect of the Rules. Rather, a purposive interpretation
of Rule 9 in conjunction with Rule 7, which provides for a two-year term of
office for Management Committee members, indicates that the term of office for
an office bearer must logically also be two years. An office bearer elected
from amongst the members of the Management Committee can only be an office
bearer for as long as he is also a Management Committee member, and his term
as an office bearer must therefore necessarily also be limited by his term as
a Management Committee member. If an office bearer were to have an indefinite
term of office, it would clearly contradict the express purpose of Rule 9(2),
which places restrictions on office bearers occupying the same position for
_consecutive terms_.

48 Indeed, if the officious bystander had asked whether the Management
Committee had the power to remove the office bearers at will, the members
would not have unequivocally thought that the term was obviously necessary for
the effective management of Association and unanimously suppressed him with a
testy “Oh, of course!” The limited term of office – both for office bearers
and members of the Management Committee – ensures that control of the
Association will not always fall into the hands of a single individual, and a
fixed period of office without the threat of removal encourages consensus and
unity, instead of divisive power struggles and acrimony. If the Management
Committee or general members have irreconcilable differences with a particular
office bearer, the solution is to vote him out at the next election for a new
Management Committee and/or office bearers. And, if an office bearer has
behaved in a particularly egregious manner, the last resort would and should
be expulsion.

49 We hence declined to imply a term conferring a power on the Management
Committee to remove office bearers in the Executive Committee.

The validity of the 20 October 2011 Meeting

50 The Respondents submitted that the 20 October 2011 Meeting was invalid as
Foo Jong Peng did not have power under the Rules to convene a Management
Committee meeting. It was argued that only the President was vested with the
authority to do so under Rule 17 and that this position was in line with the
Association’s “customary practice”.

51 Rule 17 provides as follows:

**RULE 17**

(1) The President shall have _the authority to deal with all matters_ except
that he shall only have the power to authorise the expenditure of any sum of
money not exceeding $5000.00 per month in respect of any one matter not
provided for in the budget.

(2) The President and, in his absence, the respective Vice-Presidents shall
preside in all General, Management and Executive Committee meetings.

[emphasis added]

The Rules do not set out the procedures to be followed for convening a
Management Committee meeting, apart from specifying who should chair the
meeting and the required quorum.

52 We disagreed with the Respondents that the effect of Rule 17 was to confer
_exclusive power_ on the President to convene a Management Committee meeting.
Rule 17(1) is simply an enabling provision that gives the President _authority
to_ _act on behalf_ of the Association on all matters, subject to a monetary
limit for the authorisation of expenditure, and we could not construe this
provision so broadly so as to give _exclusive power_ to the President to
decide on _residual_ matters relating to the affairs of the Management
Committee or the Association that are not explicitly provided for in the
Rules.

53 In our view, there were no discernable procedural limitations in the Rules
mandating that Management Committee meetings could only be convened by the
President. The internal administration procedures of unincorporated
associations are usually conducted on an informal and flexible basis, and the
Rules do not set out any decision-making hierarchy within the Management
Committee. It may be that an office bearer such as the President or Honorary
Secretary General will generally be responsible for convening a meeting as a
matter of administrative convenience, but it is an entirely separate
proposition altogether to state that other members of the Management Committee
do not have the _legal power_ to convene a meeting even with the requisite
notice. The Management Committee is constitutionally entrusted with the
general duties and powers to administer the affairs of the Association, and
each elected Management Committee member has an equal responsibility to
participate in meetings and contribute to the decision-making process of the
Management Committee. The authors of David Ashton & Paul W. Reid, _Ashton and
Reid on Club Law_ (Jordan Publishing, 2005) observe, as follows (at para
6-36):

... [If] through indolence or neglect or for any other reason, no committee
meeting was convened when plainly it should have been, we consider that any
member of the committee would probably have an inherent right to convene a
committee meeting on reasonable notice; otherwise the management and control
of the club’s affairs would become rudderless, to the obvious detriment of the
club.

We thus considered that any member of the Management Committee may convene a
meeting upon reasonable notice, and, accordingly, the 20 October 2011 Meeting
was validly convened by Foo Jong Peng. We would add that this power is not a
disruptive one that can be abused by an individual member to call needlessly
frequent meetings for vexatious purposes, with other members being compelled
to attend at the risk of careless decisions being made in their absence. The
50% quorum required for a Management Committee meeting under Rule 13 ensures
that at least a majority of Management Committee members must be present, and
if superfluous meetings are convened, they are likely to be inquorate and
invalid.

54 For completeness, we would note that the Respondents also advanced an
argument that it was the “customary practice” of the Association that only the
President had the power to convene a Management Committee meeting. This
argument was only canvassed briefly in the court below and without the
citation of authority. In _Golden Harvest Films Distribution (Pte) Limited v
Golden Village Multiplex Pte Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 940, this court accepted (at
[39]) that it was in principle possible to invoke past practice to fill in
gaps in the articles of association of a company; however, concrete evidence
must be adduced to show that this practice was “the unvarying course” of the
company (_In re Imperial Mercantile Credit Association (Marino’s Case)_ (1867)
LR 2 Ch App 596 at 598 _per_ Sir G J Turner LJ). The only evidence before us
on such “past practice” was the correspondence included in the Respondents’
affidavits documenting an isolated incident in June 2009 where the then
Honorary Secretary General and another Management Committee meeting had
expressed the view that only the President, acting upon the advice of other
key office bearers, had the power to convene a Management Committee meeting.
This was insufficient for us to conclude that the Management Committee had, as
a matter of course, always acted upon this convention.

Conclusion

55 For the above reasons, we dismissed the appeal substantially as the
Appellants had not succeeded on their key contention, _ie_ , that the
Management Committee had the power to remove an office bearer of the Executive
Committee. Costs here and below were fixed at $25,000 in favour of the
Respondents, inclusive of disbursements.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellants’ Core Bundle Vol II (“2ACB”), p 21.

[note: 2]_Ibid_ , p 25.

[note: 3]_Ibid_ , p 27.

[note: 4]_Ibid_ , p 30.

[note: 5]_Ibid_ , pp 38–39.

[note: 6]_Ibid_ , p 40.

[note: 7]_Ibid_ , p 41.

[note: 8]Record of Appeal, Vol III (Part A), p 25.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

