Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Giorgio Ferrari Pte Ltd _v_ Lifebrandz Ltd and others  
[2012] SGHC 206

Case Number| :| Suit No 894 of 2009 (Registrar's Appeal No 219 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  David Liew (LawHub LLC) for the plaintiff/appellant; Chan
Wei Meng and Ho Kheng Lian (Drew & Napier LLC)for the defendants/respondents.  
Parties| :|  Giorgio Ferrari Pte Ltd — Lifebrandz Ltd and others  
  
10 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the learned assistant registrar Eunice Chua’s
(“AR Chua”) decision on 14 May 2012 allowing the respondents’ (“the
Respondents”) application under Summons No 1819 of 2012 (“SUM 1819/2012”) to
strike out the appellant’s (“the Appellant”) claim and enter judgment against
the Appellant. The Appellant appealed against my decision dismissing the
appeal. I set out below the grounds of my decision.

Background facts

2 On or about 8 December 2006, the Appellant entered into four separate
contracts (in similar terms) with the second to fifth respondents (“the Second
to Fifth Respondents”) respectively (“the contracts”) under which the
Appellant agreed to sell to each Respondent various alcohol products during
the contract period running from 1 January 2007 to 31 December 2008 (“the
contract period”).

3 The Appellant commenced an action against the Second to Fifth Respondents on
or about 22 October 2009, claiming for loss and damages of $5,818,973.48 (this
being the sum of the balance of the contract value of each contract as a
result of alleged breaches of contract by the Second to Fifth Respondents) and
the sum of $699,308.99 representing the refund for certain Advertising and
Promotion Funds (“A&P funds”) which the Appellant had provided to the Second
to Fifth Respondents in support of all marketing activities related to the
Appellant’s products. The Appellant’s position was that the claims were joint
and several in respect of the Second to Fifth Respondents. The Appellant’s
claim against the first respondent (“the First Respondent”) (the ultimate
investment holding company of the Second to Fifth Respondents) was for loss
and damages arising from the breach of the contracts by reason of an alleged
oral agreement between the Appellant and the First Respondent.

4 The paragraph of the Appellant’s Statement of Claim (Amendment No 4)
(“ASOC4”) from which the dispute in discovery documents arose is reproduced as
follows:

18\. The Plaintiffs will give credit for their costs and expense to be
incurred had the Defendants fulfilled in full the Agreement and the four
Contracts particularized herein, to be taken into consideration in their claim
for damages resulting from the Defendants’ breach of the Agreement and the
four Contracts, to be assessed.

**Particulars**

...

(2) Had the Agreement and the four Contracts been fulfilled in full by the
Defendants, the Plaintiffs would have to incur costs of purchase, shipping,
delivery, taxes, insurances, storage charges, custom and excise duties for the
volume of their products to be supplied under the Agreement and the four
Contracts, as well as the Plaintiff’s’ costs of doing business in Singapore to
supply, stock and deliver the said volume of their products which the
Defendants did not purchase, in breach of the Agreement and the four
Contracts, as particularized in paragraph 18 herein.

...

(4) The Plaintiffs’ average gross profit margin during the period of the
Agreement and the four Contracts (that is for the year 2007 to the year 2008)
is _an estimate of 49.64% of the total value of the Plaintiffs’ products_
_purchased by the Defendants_ in the sum of $4,681,026.52, after taking into
consideration their costs and expense incurred.

(5) The Plaintiffs aver that had they fulfilled the Agreement and the four
Contracts in full, the Plaintiffs would also have made an _average gross
profit of 49.64% of the total volume of the Plaintiffs’ products_ which the
Defendants did not purchase in breach of contract, of the sum of
$5,818,973.48, which is estimated at $2,888,538.44.

[emphasis added]

5 Based on the above pleadings, the Appellant was required to disclose the
documents which were used to arrive at the figure of 49.64% representing the
Appellant’s average gross profit. These would include documents evidencing the
net sales, costs and expenses incurred, and gross profit made in relation to
supplying alcohol products to each of the Second to Fifth Respondents pursuant
to the contracts. As such, the Respondents applied for specific discovery of
the relevant documents in Summons No 5029 of 2010 (“SUM 5029/2010”). AR Chua,
who heard the application, made the following orders (“the Specific Discovery
Orders”) on 8 December 2010:

(a) The Appellant to file and serve on the Respondents an affidavit, stating
whether it has or has had at any time in its possession, custody or power, the
documents set out in Annex A of SUM 5029/2010, by 5 January 2011;

(b) The Appellant to file and serve on the Respondents a Supplementary List of
Documents, listing the documents set out in Annex A of SUM 5029/2010 which are
in its possession, power or custody, by 12 January 2011;

(c) The Appellant to allow inspection of the documents listed in the said
Supplementary List of Documents; and

(d) The Appellant to provide the Respondents with a copy each of the documents
specified in the said Supplementary List of Documents.

6 There was no appeal against the Specific Discovery Orders. The Appellant
nevertheless failed to file the said affidavit by 5 January 2011 and the said
Supplementary List of Documents by 12 January 2011\. During a pre-trial
conference (“PTC”) on 27 January 2011, the learned senior assistant registrar
Ng Teng Teng Cornie (“SAR Ng”) ordered the Appellant to comply with the
Specific Discovery Orders by 10 February 2011. The Appellant subsequently
filed and served its Third Supplementary List of Documents (“SLOD3”) and an
affidavit verifying SLOD3 on or about 10 February 2011, but failed to furnish
copies of the documents listed in SLOD3. The Respondents then reminded the
Appellant by way of a letter dated 11 February 2011 to furnish those documents
by 17 February 2011\. However, the Appellant did not do so.

7 In or about April 2011, the parties commenced settlement discussions, but
the discussions eventually came to a halt. The exact point in time at which
those negotiations broke down was disputed, although the Respondents submitted
that this was around August 2011. On 5 December 2011, the Respondents sent
another letter asking that the Appellant comply with the Specific Discovery
Orders and provide copies of the documents in SLOD3. The Appellant did not
comply.

8 When the parties appeared before SAR Ng for a PTC on 12 January 2012, almost
a year after her order on 27 January 2011, she was informed that the Specific
Discovery Orders had not been fully complied with. She then made an order that
unless the Appellant complied with the Specific Discovery Orders and furnished
copies of all the documents listed in SLOD3 by 4pm on 9 February 2012, the
Appellant’s case was to be dismissed with costs to the Respondents to be taxed
or agreed (“the First Unless Order”).

9 The Appellant appealed against the First Unless Order in Registrar’s Appeal
No 32 of 2012 (“RA 32/2012”) and this was heard by Lai Siu Chiu J on 6
February 2012. Lai J gave a final extension of time for the Appellant to
comply with the Specific Discovery Orders, granting an unless order for the
Appellant to fully comply with the Specific Discovery Orders and provide
copies of all documents in SLOD3 to the Respondents by 4pm on 20 February
2012, in default of which the Appellant’s claim against the Respondents would
be dismissed without further order with costs to the Respondents to be taxed
or agreed (“the Varied Unless Order”).

10 The Appellant served its Fourth Supplementary List of Documents (“SLOD4”)
on the Respondents and furnished copies of the documents listed in it on 17
February 2012. On 23 February 2012, the Appellant sent a letter to the
Respondents explaining how the SLOD4 documents were relied on to compute the
Appellant’s profit margin. At a PTC before SAR Ng on 1 March 2012, she allowed
the Respondents three weeks to review the documents and to seek clarification
or make further requests by 22 March 2012. In a letter dated 13 March 2012,
the Respondents sought clarification with regard to items 1 and 2 of SLOD3, as
well as the SLOD4 documents, whilst reserving their rights with respect to the
question whether the Appellant had complied with the Varied Unless Order.

11 The Appellant’s solicitors sent a letter of clarification on 26 March 2012
to the Respondents’ solicitors. On 27 March 2012, the Appellant then served
its Fifth Supplementary List of Documents (“SLOD5”) on the Respondents to
further clarify its position on the 26 March 2012 letter.

12 At a PTC hearing on 29 March 2012, SAR Ng directed the Appellant to provide
the documents listed in SLOD5 by 4pm on 30 March 2012, and adjourned the PTC
hearing to 19 April 2012 so that the Respondents could review the Appellant’s
clarifications and documents. The SLOD5 documents were furnished to the
Respondents on 30 March 2012.

13 After reviewing all the documents and clarifications, the Respondents were
not satisfied that the Appellant had complied with the Varied Unless Order,
and made an application under SUM 1819/2012 for the Appellant’s claim to be
dismissed for failure to fully comply with the Varied Unless Order. This was
heard by AR Chua on 14 and 25 May 2012\. She found that the Appellant had
failed to fully comply with the Varied Unless Order, and accordingly dismissed
the Appellant’s claim against the Respondents without further order. I heard
the Appellant’s appeal against the dismissal of its claim over two days, on 30
and 31 July 2012.

The decision below

14 AR Chua made the following findings:

(a) The Appellant had failed to comply with the terms of the Specific
Discovery Orders and had taken the position that it was not necessary to
produce the documents sought.

(b) It was not appropriate to grant an extension of time, which was requested
for orally at the hearing. The Appellant had shown a cavalier attitude in
saying that if the court took the view that its discovery obligation required
disclosure of all the source documents, the Appellant would then apply for an
extension of time to produce those documents. The Appellant had ample
opportunity to seek clarification from the court as to the scope of its
discovery obligations and to make a formal application for an extension of
time but had failed to do so. There was also no basis for the distinction
raised by the Appellant between a “housekeeping” unless order and one that was
made pursuant to an application.

Appellant’s case

15 The Appellant’s position was that it had already given discovery of all
substantial documents relevant to the dispute, but its claim had been struck
out due to a technical point raised by the Respondents in their “incessant
interlocutory applications”. The Appellant maintained that if one were to
consider the circumstances under which the Specific Discovery Orders, First
Unless Order and Varied Unless Order were made, it was not the case that it
had repeatedly breached these orders after having been given the chance to
comply. The Appellant then cited _Wellmix Organics (International) Pte Ltd v
Lau Yu Man_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 117 (“ _Wellmix Organics_ ”) where Andrew Phang
Boon Leong J decided that the courts would only enforce unless orders if a
party breached the order intentionally and either contumeliously or
contumaciously (at [79], [103] and [107]):

79 ... notwithstanding the operation of normal contractual principles to
consent unless orders, the courts ought still to have a residuary discretion
to decide whether, in the circumstances of the particular case, _enforcement_
of the consent unless order concerned ought to be effected. ...

...

103 ... I should point out, nevertheless, that in the light of the conclusion
I had arrived at earlier – that the unless order was _not_ a _consent_ unless
order but, rather, an “ordinary” unless order – it was necessary, in any
event, to ascertain whether or not the defendant’s breach in the context of
the present proceedings was intentionally contumacious or contumelious ...

...

107 Like the learned assistant registrar, I find that the defendant’s action,
whilst intentional, was neither contumelious nor contumacious. Indeed, it
seemed clear to me that there was a misunderstanding that not only contributed
to the absence of an agreement but which also led him to commit a merely
technical breach of the order, having regard to the misunderstanding between
the defendant and the plaintiff. These circumstances would themselves also
constitute, in my view, extraneous circumstances, bearing in mind that this
concept is neither mandatory nor writ in stone. ...

[emphasis in original]

16 Hence, the court would recognise situations where, despite the otherwise
impeccable legal status of a consent unless order, the conduct by the party in
breach may be insufficient to warrant the enforcement of that order. The
threshold for enforcement was not merely a question of whether the conduct was
contumelious or contumacious, but whether it was contumelious or contumacious
to _such an extreme degree_ that the consent unless order ought to operate (at
[100]). In that case, Phang J found that there was an unless order (not a
consent unless order), and while the defendant’s action was intentional, it
was neither contumelious nor contumacious. Rather, it was merely a technical
breach by the defendant due to a misunderstanding. As a result, it did not
warrant the harsh consequence of a striking out.

17 Accordingly, the Appellant argued that its breach, if any, did not warrant
the harshest of consequences ensuing as a result of the breach. After all, it
was clear from the affidavits of Giorgio Ferarri (the managing director of the
Appellant) and Bernard Lim Miang (a director of the Respondents) that the
parties had entered into protracted and without prejudice negotiations to try
to settle the two ongoing suits between them from the time that the Specific
Discovery Orders were made. The Appellant’s failure to reply to the
Respondents’ solicitors’ letters of reminder was due to the Appellant’s pre-
occupation with negotiating a global settlement. Hence, the Appellant’s
conduct between December 2010 and January 2012 could hardly be said to be
deliberate or intentional, or without excuse or justification, or involving
repeated non-compliance (whether contumelious or contumacious). Moreover, the
First Unless Order was given by SAR Ng despite the fact that it was not
applied for and was thus intended more as a housekeeping direction. According
to the Appellant, this background was important in the assessment of whether
the Appellant’s behaviour was indeed contumacious and/or contumelious.

18 The Appellant argued that it had in fact _fully complied_ with the Specific
Discovery Orders and the Varied Unless Order. Based on the exact wording of
the Specific Discovery Orders, there was no clear and specific direction or
order that the Appellant had to give discovery of _all_ the documents set out
in Annex A of SUM 5029/2010 filed on 25 October 2010. The correspondence
between the solicitors following the Varied Unless Order explained how the
Appellant had relied on the documents (which had already been given to the
Respondents) set out in SLOD3, SLOD4 and SLOD5 to compute its profit margin,
as well as the manner and extent to which those documents had complied with
the Specific Discovery Orders in full.

Respondents’ case

19 The Respondents submitted that it was evident that the Appellant had not
fully complied with the Varied Unless Order. This was clear from the
Appellant’s failure to produce all documents evidencing and/or relating to the
Appellant’s actual gross profit, net sales and cost of goods in relation to
the supply of its products to each of the Second to Fifth Respondents from
2007 to 2008 (figures which the Appellant used to arrive at its average gross
profit of 49.67%). This was in contravention of the Specific Discovery Orders
and the subsequent Varied Unless Order to furnish all documents listed in
SLOD3 by 4pm on 20 February 2012. Such a failure alone would be sufficient to
warrant the Appellant’s action being struck out. In _Wiltopps (Asia) Ltd v
Drew & Napier_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 252, Lee Seiu Kin JC stated at [20]:

... _all that is needed is to determine whether the plaintiffs have complied
with the terms of the unless order_. If they have not, then the action is
dismissed without further order and if the defendants extract the order, as
they have, then it is perfected. ... [emphasis added]

20 Since the terms of the Varied Unless Order were not complied with, the
Respondents submitted that the Appellant’s action should be dismissed. After
all, despite having the opportunity to address its failure to comply with the
Varied Unless Order, the Appellant nevertheless failed to provide any
explanation and/or chose not to address specifically the manner in which it
claimed that it had given full compliance. Thus, in the absence of good
reasons, disobedience of a peremptory order should be treated as contumelious
conduct which would justify the striking out of the Appellant’s claim.

My decision

21 The law on the breach of an unless order is clear: non-compliance with an
unless order would _prima facie_ result in the action being dismissed or the
defence being struck out. This was explained in _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 24/16/2 as follows:

... An “unless” order spells out the consequences of failure to comply with
its terms, and disobedience to such an order is likely to be held to be
contumelious behaviour, resulting in the dismissal of the action or striking
out of the defence. ...

22 Unless there are good reasons for non-compliance, disobedience of a
peremptory order will be considered contumelious conduct justifying a striking
out. This was stated by the Court of Appeal in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan
Yew_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 576 where L P Thean JA held at [101]:

In the circumstances, the only reasonable inference to be drawn was that Mr
Tang had intentionally flouted the court orders. **_In the absence of good
reasons, disobedience of a peremptory order is generally to be treated as
contumelious conduct_** (_per_ Lord Diplock in _Tolley v Morris_ [1979] 1 WLR
592 at 603) **and**** _such contumelious disobedience justified striking out
Mr Tang’s defences_****.** In our judgment, Goh Joon Seng J was fully entitled
to make the orders which he did. The appeals against his orders are thus
dismissed. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

23 In _Syed Mohamed Abdul Muthaliff_ _v Arjan_ _Bhisham_ _Chotrani_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 361 (“ _Syed Mohamed_ ”), the Court of Appeal decided that the court
should exercise its discretion whether to grant an extension of time for
compliance with an unless order in the light of all the circumstances. The
facts of each case should be scrutinised, and previous cases were mere
guidelines, not conditions precedent. In particular, the court would decide if
the failure to adhere to the unless order was _intentional and contumelious_.
In this respect, the court should not be astute to find excuses for such
failure since obedience to orders of the court was the foundation on which its
authority rested. The onus would thus be on the offending party to demonstrate
that he had in fact made positive efforts to comply and that he was not
intentionally ignoring or flouting the order but was constrained by extraneous
circumstances. In addition, the prejudice caused to the other party and the
proportionality of depriving the offending party of a determination on the
merits must also be taken into account.

24 While the case before me did not concern an application for an extension of
time like that in _Syed Mohamed_ , the principles enunciated in _Syed Mohamed_
were still applicable as the Court of Appeal was examining the nature of
unless orders in general. In fact, these principles were applied in _Changhe
International Investments Pte Ltd v Dexia BIL Asia Singapore Ltd_ [2005] 1
SLR(R) 598, where the Court of Appeal held that the defaulter had to give
proper explanation for its failure to comply and show that no further
disobedience of the court orders would occur.

25 Therefore, I looked at whether the Varied Unless Order was in fact breached
and, if so, whether the facts of this case justified the striking out of the
Appellant’s claim.

Was the Varied Unless Order breached?

26 As set out earlier, the Varied Unless Order issued by Lai J on 6 February
2012 was for the Appellant to fully comply with the Specific Discovery Orders
by 4pm on 20 February 2012 by providing copies of all the documents in SLOD3
to the Respondents. Following the order, the Appellant served SLOD4 and
furnished copies of the documents listed therein to the Respondents on 17
February 2012. Subsequently, the Appellant also sent a letter explaining the
SLOD4 documents on 23 February 2012 and replied to the Respondents’ queries
via a letter on 26 March 2012. The Appellant then served SLOD5 on 27 March
2012 to further clarify its position, furnishing the documents listed therein
to the Respondents on 30 March 2012, within the deadline set by SAR Ng on 29
March 2012.

27 However, despite this apparent flurry of activities, not all the documents
in the possession, custody or power of the Appellant evidencing or relating to
its gross profit, actual costs and net sales (as described in the Specific
Discovery Orders) were provided by the Appellant _in accordance with the
Varied Unless Order._ The Appellant’s assertion that the Varied Unless Order
was in fact complied with was nothing more than a bare assertion. The mere
_submission_ of documents within the deadline was not enough; in order to
fully comply with the Varied Unless Order, the _substance_ of the documents
had to satisfactorily comply with the Specific Discovery Orders.

28 The Appellant asserted that this was the case as it had:

... clearly and sufficiently explained and clarified in [its] solicitors’
letters how [it] relied on the various documents [it] had listed in SLOD 3, 4
and 5 to work out [its] profit margin as pleaded in paragraph 18 of [its]
Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 4) and that these [were] the source
documents [it had] relied on.

In other words, the documents provided by the Appellant were sufficient for
full compliance with the Varied Unless Order. It is difficult to see how this
could be so when the Appellant had failed to address the specific omissions
and discrepancies described by the Respondents. Apart from sweeping statements
that it had “fully complied” with the Specific Discovery Orders and “did not
avoid replying” to the issues raised, the Appellant failed to address the
following objections raised by the Respondents:

(a) Regarding item A in SLOD4, the e-mail correspondence provided by the
Appellant only related to certain types of spirit and the source documents for
other products (_eg_ , wine, champagne and sparkling wine) was not provided.

(b) There were discrepancies between the aggregated “costs” listed in items 1
and 2 under the SLOD3 documents and item 65 of the SLOD4 documents of
$813,720.64 in 2007 and $1,101,415.41 in 2008. Source documents for the actual
costs of sales were incomplete, leaving the difference unaccounted for.

(c) Regarding items B and C in SLOD4, the source documents relating to the
Suppliers’ A&P Rebates were incomplete, accounting for only $181,933.92 in
2007 and $36,138.51 in 2008, and leaving $323,513.57 in 2007 and $178,384.37
in 2008 unaccounted for.

(d) Regarding item D in SLOD4, the documents produced showing the Appellant’s
purchase orders to suppliers failed to cover all the different products
provided by the Appellant to the Respondents, as evidenced by the SLOD5
documents showing purchase orders in respect of other products supplied not
found in SLOD4. There was also a shortfall of purchase orders accounting for
the actual costs of goods according to items 1 and 2 of the SLOD3 documents.
In addition, some of the purchase orders included under item D had missing
pages. There were also no source documents in relation to the handling fees
(such as freight forwarder’s bills), custom duties (on the products delivered
to the Respondents) and A&P Funds paid by the Appellant. Source documents for
“other operating expenses” (referenced under item 66) were not provided. The
documents provided under items 66 to 68 (audited income statements and general
ledgers, which were also incomplete) were but summaries prepared by the
Appellant and not source documents.

(e) Some of the internal computer-generated accounts and records (_ie_ , items
1 and 2 of SLOD3) included invoices which were dated in the year 2006 (_eg_ ,
“A/R Invoice 29999” which had a posting date of 12 December 2006) (“the 2006
invoice records”). The Appellant included the 2006 invoice records in items 1
and 2 of SLOD3, but failed to provide the source documents for them.

(f) Items 1 and 2 of the SLOD3 documents stated significantly lower actual
gross profit margins than the 49.64% estimated at para 18(4) of the
Appellant’s ASOC4. No source documents were provided for the calculation of
49.64%.

(g) Despite assurances given by the Appellant, it was unable to produce the
documents listed in item 5 of Schedule 2 of SLOD3 (source documents on which
the Appellant’s internal computer generated accounts and records were based).
Even though these documents had reportedly been seized by the Customs and
Excise Department (“the CED”), the Appellant had not made serious effort to
recover the same despite having had ample time to make the necessary requests
to the CED since the Specific Discovery Orders were made on 8 December 2010.

29 It was telling that despite the above points having been set out fully in
Bernard Lim Miang’s 23rd affidavit dated 9 April 2012, the Appellant failed to
address them in its subsequent reply affidavit. It chose instead to make the
bare assertion that the Varied Unless Order had been fully complied with.

30 On the face of it, by failing to produce documents that it had been ordered
to under the Specific Discovery Orders by 4pm on 20 February 2012, the
Appellant had breached the Varied Unless Order.

31 Nevertheless, beyond the fact of the breach, it was necessary to consider
whether a striking out was warranted. As Phang J noted in _Wellmix Organics_ ,
unless orders are “draconian in nature and effect” and will be enforced only
if the “party breaches the order both intentionally and contumeliously or
contumaciously” (at [2]).

Was the striking out justified?

32 It appeared that the level of specificity of documents demanded by the
Respondents was not complied with because the Appellant insisted that the
documents supplied were sufficient for the purposes of the Respondents’
calculation of the actual gross profit, actual net sales and actual costs of
goods. The Appellant felt that it had already:

... clearly and sufficiently explained and clarified in [its] solicitors’
letters how [it] relied on the various documents [it] had listed in SLOD 3, 4
and 5 to work out [its] profit margin as pleaded in paragraph 18 of [its]
Statement of Claim (Amendment No. 4) and that these [were] the source
documents [it had] relied on.

33 As observed by AR Chua, the Appellant did not argue that it did not have
the disputed documents in its possession, custody and power, apart from the
documents seized by the CED. In fact, while making an oral application for an
extension of time before AR Chua in SUM 1819/2012, the Appellant’s counsel
appeared to concede (or at least it may be inferred) that the Appellant _did
have_ the documents:

My client takes the view that he has complied with, but if Your Honour takes
the view that discovery requires disclosure of _all_ the documents, including
purchase orders, invoices, tax receipts, etc. then we will have to apply for
an extension of time. **_My client is willing to provide documents if this is
indeed required of them_**. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added
in bold italics]

34 Instead, the Appellant chose to justify its position by arguing that the
documents yet to be produced were _unnecessary_ for the calculations sought by
the Respondents. The Appellant argued that it had already complied by
producing indicative documents alongside various explanations and
clarifications. The Appellant’s position was clearly expressed in its
counsel’s submissions before AR Chua in SUM 1819/2012:

We are saying that certain documents are _indicative_ – not that we do not
want to give. What we have done is to go through all the things, given it to
the auditors, they cross check with the documents.

What we are telling the Defendants is that _look at all our lists, we have
relied on these documents and how we are relying on them_. That is the way my
client has approached it.

_I am not saying that my clients have given everything_ to the Defendant but
my client’s point is that for example, purchase orders, we took _indicative_
orders to show that the pricing is the same. _That is how we have approached
it_. If Your Honour is of the view that that is not the order that has been
given, then if that is the approach, if you look at principles of law should
our conduct amount to contumelious conduct?

[emphasis added]

35 In my view, the reason given by the Appellant was simply unacceptable;
whether the documents supplied were sufficient for the purposes of verifying
the figure of 49.64% was not a matter for the Appellant’s unilateral decision.
The Appellant could not assert that “indicative” documents should be
sufficient for the discovery purposes just because those were the documents
which the Appellant chose to rely on in its own calculations. Its duty to
produce all the documents as required by the Varied Unless Order still
remained and that duty had not been discharged.

36 Additionally, the Appellant argued that it had never affirmed that it could
give specific discovery of all the source documents and so was not obliged to
produce them. Again, this is not a good reason for non-compliance. In _Soh Lup
Chee v Seow Boon Cheng_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 604, Choo Han Teck JC stated that
where the court was satisfied that certain documents had to exist, the party
had either to produce them or explain on oath what has become of them so that
the contest at trial would be open and fair. In that case, the dispute was
whether the source documents from which the “Balance Budget Summaries”
(documents recording the details or particulars in instances where there was a
budget overrun) were based on ought to be produced. In holding that there were
numerous obvious omissions of documents which must have existed and in the
absence of good reason, Choo JC found that the appellant had made out a
sufficient case to strike out the defence. However, while Choo JC eventually
stopped short of striking out the defence, the principle that _omitted
documents proven to exist must be accounted for_ still remains. Source
documents which have been shown to exist must be produced; this is regardless
of whether the party had agreed or affirmed that such specific discovery could
be given. Thus, the Appellant’s mere assertion that it never agreed to
disclose did not negate the existence of this duty.

37 The Appellant’s argument that the Respondents’ queries about the
discrepancies in some of the figures given were unnecessary as the action had
already been bifurcated was also correctly rejected by AR Chua. On 16 January
2012, the appeal against the bifurcation order (made by the learned assistant
registrar Ong Luan Tze on 28 November 2011) was dismissed by Woo Bih Li J in
Registrar’s Appeal No 392 of 2011. Hence, when the parties appeared before Lai
J in RA 32/2012 two weeks later on 2 February 2012, the Appellant could have
raised its contention that the queries were no longer necessary _then_ ,
instead of raising it so much later. In the absence of an application to vary
the Varied Unless Order, it had to be fully complied with.

38 This point on bifurcation was addressed in _Federal Lands Commissioner v
Neo Hong Huat_ [1998] SGHC 131, where Chan Seng Onn JC stated at [37]–[39]:

37 I will now deal with the submission raised by counsel for the defendant
that the documents in question have nothing to do with the issue of liability
...

38 _The learned Judicial Commissioner had made the orders. They have to be
strictly complied with._ If the defendant felt that those discovery orders
should not have included documents that pertain only to the assessment of
damages and which were therefore irrelevant to the proceedings at that
juncture, then _he could have appealed_. As far as I am concerned, that is not
a relevant issue before me. _I am only dealing with the question of compliance
with the orders of the court_.

39 In any event, I think that those documents ordered to be produced would be
relevant to the question of damages and therefore, they are going to be
relevant at the trial where the plaintiffs will have to prove damages. The
plaintiffs have a right to be given a full and fair discovery of such
documents, though they may relate entirely to the issue of the quantum of
damages, which no doubt would be disputed at the trial ...

[emphasis added]

39 Hence, it was clear that taking the position that the action had been
bifurcated and that certain documents were not necessary because they related
to damages would not prevent enforcement of an unless order.

40 The Appellant’s argument that its breach was merely a technical one and
thus should not warrant the enforcement of an unless order was also not valid.
In support of that proposition, the Appellant cited _Wellmix Organics_ where
Phang J declined to strike out the defence as he found the defendant’s breach
of an unless order to be a technical one arising from a misunderstanding.
However, a perusal of the facts in that case clearly show how the same could
not be said of the case before me.

41 In _Wellmix Organics_ the defendant breached the unless order by failing to
_serve_ the requisite affidavits of evidence-in-chief (“the AEICs”) to the
plaintiff within the deadline of the unless order (_viz_ , 21 June 2005) even
though it had already _filed_ the AEICs by 21 June 2005. This was due to the
defendant’s understanding that the parties had agreed to an “exchange” of
AEICs on 21 June 2005, which later turned out to be incorrect. The defendant
thereafter served its AEICs on the plaintiff at the first opportunity it had
after realising that the plaintiff had no intention of exchanging AEICs the
next day, _ie_ , 22 June 2005. Under those circumstances, Phang J found that
the misunderstanding had caused the defendant to commit a mere “technical”
breach of the unless order. After all, the AEICs had already been filed and
could easily have been served on the Plaintiff within the 21 June 2005
deadline. Thus, the defendant’s actions were neither contumelious nor
contumacious.

42 The facts of the case before me were vastly different. The Appellant’s
breach could not by any measure be considered “technical”, and neither was it
due to any misunderstanding between the parties. Rather, over the long-drawn
proceedings from the time the Specific Discovery Orders were given on 8
December 2010 to the deadline of 20 February 2012 stipulated in the Varied
Unless Order, the Appellant’s efforts came across as tardy and half-hearted.
Gaps in the documents were not rectified, discrepancies in figures were not
addressed and source documents were simply not produced despite repeated
prodding. Instead, the Appellant insisted on pointing to the documents already
produced as being in full compliance. Thus at para 59 of its submissions the
Appellant asserted:

... GF’s Affidavit had clearly replied to the Defendants’ contentions, in
pointing out and in setting out on exhibits the various crucial Correspondence
between the solicitors that followed after the Varied Unless Order was made,
wherein the _Plaintiffs had explained in detail how they had relied on these
documents set out in their SLOD 3, 4 and 5 to compute their profit margin and
the manner and extent to which these documents had complied with the Specific
Discovery Order_ __in full__ , as set out below. [emphasis in original
underlined; emphasis added in italics]

43 The Appellant’s excuse for failing to comply with the Specific Discovery
Orders within the time limit was that the parties had been engaged in
protracted and delayed negotiations in a bid to settle, exacerbated by the
hectic travel schedules of Bernard Lim Miang and Giorgio Ferrari. As a result,
the Appellant failed to reply to the Respondents’ solicitors’ reminders to
provide the documents listed in SLOD3 as it had been preoccupied with the
negotiations. It was disputed how long those negotiations took before breaking
down. In any case, the Appellant only stated this reason in relation to the
Specific Discovery Orders and not the First Unless Order or the Varied Unless
Order.

44 However, this case _primarily_ concerns the breach of the Varied Unless
Order, and not the Specific Discovery Orders (even though the requirements of
Specific Discovery Orders were substantially reflected in the Varied Unless
Order). Hence, the period during which the Appellant’s conduct would be the
_most_ relevant was the time when the First Unless Order was made until the
deadline of the Varied Unless Order, _ie_ , 12 January 2012 to 4pm on 20
February 2012 (“the material period”). While the distractions caused by the
protracted negotiations still arguably formed part of “all the circumstances
of the case” (_Syed Mohamed_ (at [15]), it would not be given as much weight
as the circumstances surrounding the Appellant’s failure to comply with the
Varied Unless Order itself. After all, the negotiations would not have had any
impact on the Appellant’s ability to comply with the First Unless Order and
the Varied Unless Orderas these orders were made only _after_ the negotiations
had fallen through.

45 As for the Appellant’s conduct during the material period, the Appellant
did not give any reason for non-compliance, but firmly persisted in its
assertion that the documents given were sufficient for the purposes of
complying with the Specific Discovery Orders. As discussed above at para 27,
such a bare assertion simply cannot mask the fact that the documents and
letters of clarifications submitted by the Appellant patently did not fully
comply with the Varied Unless Order.

46 Accordingly, as the Appellant failed to give any good reason for its
failure to comply or show extenuating circumstances demonstrating that it did
not intentionally ignore or flout the Varied Unless Order, I was not persuaded
that AR Chua’s decision to strike out its claim was wrong. Being of the view
myself that the Appellant’s conduct was in fact contumelious, the striking out
of the Appellant’s claim was warranted.

Conclusion

47 In the event, the appeal was dismissed, with costs fixed at $600 for
Summons No 3685 of 2012 and $5,000 for Registrar’s Appeal No 219 of 2012
inclusive of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

