Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd _v_ Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO
Precision Toolings)  
[2012] SGHC 105

Case Number| :| Suit No 1019 of 2009(Registrar's Appeal Nos 362 and 372 of
2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 15 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Philip Pillai J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Kelvin Chia (Samuel Seow Law Corporation) for the
plaintiff; Eugene Tan and Soh Chun York (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant  
Parties| :|  Lim Chin San Contractors Pte Ltd — Shiok Kim Seng (trading as IKO
Precision Toolings)  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: Civil Appeal No 76 of 2012 was partially allowed and
Civil Appeal No 78 of 2012 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 18 January
2013. See [2013] SGCA 6.]

15 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Philip Pillai J:

Introduction

1 This present appeal and cross appeal arose out of the Assistant Registrar’s
assessment of damages pursuant to my decision in _Lim Chin San Contractors Pte
Ltd v Shiok Skim Seng_ [2010] SGHC 243 (“the Judgment”). In the Judgment, I
found that the Defendant had made out a claim for proprietary estoppel and
directed that the quantum of compensation is to be assessed by a Registrar.
Also, in the Judgment, I specifically directed that the parties are to be at
liberty to clarify the terms of the orders I made, and to apply for any
ancillary orders so as to give effect to my judgment. I note that neither
party had done so. They proceeded to argue the quantum of compensation before
the Assistant Registrar on their respective assumptions and both now appeal
against the assessment below.

2 All the necessary findings of fact are set out in the Judgment and need not
be repeated here for the purposes of this appeal against the assessment below.

Remedial discretion for proprietary estoppel

3 Once the court determines that a proprietary estoppel claim has been
established, the court is faced with the unusual task of fashioning an
appropriate remedy to satisfy the equity. Compared to the principles governing
the assessment of damages pursuant to breach of contract, the principles
governing the fashioning of an appropriate proprietary estoppel remedy are
still not clear cut. This is necessarily so as the appropriate remedy would
always turn on the particular facts of each case out of which the proprietary
estoppels arose.

4 The authors of Kevin Gray & Susan Francis Gray, _Elements of Land Law_
(Oxford University Press, 5th Ed, 2009) noted at para 9.2.95 that:

… [I]n deciding how to reinforce or concretise the estoppel claimant’s
inchoate equity, the court can go much further. _The upholding of a claim of
proprietary estoppel opens up the court’s jurisdiction to fashion new rights
for relevant parties_. The general principle of relief was stated over a
century ago in _Plimmer v Mayor etc of Wellington_ (1884) 9 App Cas 699 at
714. Here the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council held that when an equity
of estoppel has been raised, ‘ _the Court must look at the circumstances in
each case to decide in what way the equity can be satisfied_ ’. The court has
an extremely wide discretion to formulate an appropriate remedy. Sometimes the
remedial outcome is tantamount to specific enforcement of the original promise
of rights; at the other end of the remedial spectrum the circumstances may
call for nothing more than an order for money compensation or a simple
injunction restraining the landowner’s exercise of his adverse rights.

[emphasis added; footnotes omitted]

5 While the court in each case has an extremely wide discretion to fashion a
remedy, such discretion cannot be exercised arbitrarily and without reference
to established principles. Lord Walker cautioned in _Cobbe v Yeoman’s Row
Management Ltd_ [2008] 1 WLR 1752 at [46] that:

[E]quitable estoppel is a flexible doctrine which the court can use, in
appropriate circumstances, to prevent injustice caused by the vagaries and
inconstancy of human nature. But it is not a sort of joker or wild card to be
used whenever the court disapproves of the conduct of a litigant who seems to
have the law on his side. Flexible though it is, the doctrine must be
formulated and applied in a disciplined and principled way. Certainty is
important in property transactions.

6 The court’s duty is to do equity and no more than equity: _Cameron v
Murdoch_ [1983] WAR 321 at 360. This means that the court, as a court of
conscience, goes no further than what is necessary to prevent unconscionable
conduct: _Waltons Stores (Interstate) Ltd v Maher_ (1988) 164 CLR 387 at 419.
The court seeks, amongst other aims, to preserve some kind of proportionality
between the detriment which has been incurred by the estoppel claimant and the
remedy eventually awarded: _Jennings v Rice_ [2003] 1 P & CR 100 at 111 (“
_Jennings_ ”). In more recent cases, this approach has been referred to as the
‘minimalist approach’. Robert Walker LJ (as he then was) in _Gillett v Holt_
[2001] 1 Ch 210 at 237 neatly explains the minimalist approach as follows:

The court’s aim is, having identified the maximum [extent of the equity], to
form a view as to what is the minimum required to satisfy it and do justice
between the parties. The court must look at all the circumstances, including
the need to achieve a “clean break” so far as possible and avoid or minimise
future friction: see _Pascoe v Turner_ [1979] 1 WLR 431, 438-439.

7 In the present case, I have already found at [33] of the Judgment that an
outright order to sell the unit to the Defendant is out of the question, the
more appropriate remedy being an award of monetary compensation. I shall now
turn to the principles that govern the quantification of such an award.

Expectation - or reliance-based approach

8 When awarding monetary compensation as a remedy for a proprietary estoppel
claim, the court could adopt either an expectation-based approach or a
reliance-based approach in quantifying the compensation, depending on the
facts of each case. The difference is that the expectation-based approach
looks to the plaintiff’s position had the representations been carried
through, whereas the reliance-based approach looks to the plaintiff’s position
had the defendant not made the representations. It is clear that while the
court may take into account any of the above bases of quantifying the
compensation, no single approach is determinative. The court could even arrive
at an intermediate figure taking into account the different bases: _Clayton v
Green_ (1979) NZRL 139 at 140.

9 The issue of whether the court should address the claimant’s expectations or
the losses or detriment the claimant sustained as a result of his reliance
upon the representation was addressed by Sundaresh Menon JC in _Hong Leong
Singapore Finance Ltd v United Overseas Bank Ltd_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 292 (“ _Hong
Leong_ ”). After undertaking a comprehensive survey of the existing
authorities, Menon JC concluded (at [247]-[249]):

247 The approach taken in _Jennings v Rice_ towards fashioning an adequate but
proportionate remedy is consistent with that taken in particular by Mason CJ
in the Australian High Court decision in _Commonwealth of Australia v
Verwayen_ (1990) 170 CLR 394. Mason CJ noted as follows at 413:

[T]here must be a proportionality between the remedy and the detriment which
is its purpose to avoid. It would be wholly inequitable and unjust to insist
upon a disproportionate making good of the relevant assumption.

248 This was followed by our Court of Appeal in LS Investment. **_However, it
is important to note that proportionality is but one element, albeit a
critical one, to be considered in fashioning the appropriate remedy. The court
may consider all the relevant circumstances including the expectations, the
detriment, avoiding injustice to others_****(****_see, eg, Giumelli v
Giumelli_****(****_1999_****)****_196 CLR 101_****)****_and the conduct of the
parties_****.** Prof Tan Sook Yee in Singapore Land Law puts it thus at p 104:

The courts respond to the equity when it is raised, by taking into account all
the surrounding circumstances, the conduct and the expectation of the parties.

249 **_The key to this response is flexibility so as to ensure that the remedy
is appropriate to the equity in each case._** It may involve giving effect to
the common expectation as was the case in _Lim Teng Huan v Ang Swee Chuan_
[1992] 1 WLR 113; or limiting the relief so as to preserve a degree of
proportionality between the detriment and the relief as was the case in
Gillett v Holt ([178] _supra_); or to award monetary relief as was the case
locally in _Khew Ah Bah v Hong Ah Mye_ [1971-1973] SLR(R) 107 and in Australia
in _Giumelli v Giumelli_ ([248] _supra_). It may even be found that the equity
had been satisfied by enjoyment and was therefore exhausted as was the case in
_Sledmore v Dalby_ (1996) 72 P & CR 196.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

10 The approach in _Jennings_ , which adopts the fulfilment of the claimant’s
expectation as a starting point, has been repeatedly endorsed in subsequent
cases. However, I note that the approach has not received universal support.
Professor John Mee concluded critically in his chapter “The Role of
Expectation in the Determination of Proprietary Estoppel Remedies” published
in _Modern Studies in Property Law, Volume 5_ (Hart Publishing, 2009) (Martin
Dixon ed) 389 at p 415 that:

[T]he only appropriate role for expectation is as a cap on a remedy determined
on the basis of other factors. This involves a rejection of the notion,
supported by _Jennings v Rice_ , that the fulfilment of the expectation should
be the _prima facie_ remedy, to be granted unless such a remedy would be
disproportionate to the detriment suffered by [the claimant] …
[U]nderstandably, courts and commentators feel uneasy with the idea of a
completely discretionary approach to remedies. In a sea of discretion, the
only two concepts to which one can cling are expectation and detriment.

11 Therefore, to summarise, the authorities suggest that I am not bound by any
specific measure in quantifying the amount of compensation to be awarded. Mr
Shiok’s expectations and reliance are certainly relevant factors which I would
take into account, but these factors are not determinative. Ultimately, the
court would have to look at all the circumstances of the case in order to
arrive at a proportionate award that would satisfy the equity raised by the
estoppel. The court has discretion to adopt whichever measure (or any
intermediate figure) that it considers to be the most appropriate sum given
the facts of the case.

12 With the above principles in mind, I shall now address the quantum of
compensation that would in my view sufficiently satisfy the equity raised by
the proprietary estoppel claim.

The content of the equity

13 The relevant findings of fact in the Judgment that will guide the exercise
of my remedial discretion are as follows:

13 On balance, therefore, I believe Mr Shiok’s story in this regard. _I find
that, during their first meeting, Mr Lim must have told Mr Shiok that a
mezzanine floor could be built and that he would apply for the necessary
approvals for the mezzanine floor._ There is also no evidence that Mr Lim
warned Mr Shiok that a mezzanine floor would be irregular until approved.
Since Heng Loong had not entered the picture at this point, these
representations must have been made on behalf of the plaintiff. I also find
that these representations must have materially induced Mr Shiok into entering
into the first tenancy agreement.

…

29 On the evidence, I find that Mr Lim must have represented to Mr Shiok, at
the time the first tenancy agreement was signed, that he could buy the unit at
some point in time. Otherwise Mr Shiok would not have invested so much into
the unit. The renovation by Heng Loong alone cost over $100,000 and took six
months. This expenditure in terms of money and time could not have been
justified on the formal terms of the first tenancy agreement which lasted two
years and for which Mr Shiok was willing to pay $3,200 a month. …

30 _I therefore find, on the basis of the parties’ dealings during the first
tenancy agreement, that Mr Lim had represented to Mr Shiok that he could buy
the unit. And in material and detrimental reliance thereon, Mr Shiok entered
into the first tenancy agreement, renovated the unit and built the mezzanine
floor._ …

[emphasis added]

14 A closer scrutiny of my findings of fact above would quickly reveal that
there were actually two different representations that Mr Lim made to Mr
Shiok. The first representation that Mr Lim made was that Mr Shiok could build
a mezzanine floor and that Mr Lim would apply for the relevant approvals. The
second representation that Mr Lim made was that Mr Shiok could buy the unit
from Mr Lim at some point in time. Following my finding of proprietary
estoppel, the equities that are raised in respect of these two representations
ought to be satisfied by monetary compensation.

15 Although the two representations are somewhat related, it would be
conceptually clearer to treat them as independent of each other when
considering the appropriate remedy to satisfy each equity.

Representation that Mr Shiok could build a mezzanine floor

16 The equity that arose in respect to this representation is different from
that which arose in respect to the representation that Mr Shiok could purchase
the unit, because Mr Shiok’s expectation could not have been fulfilled here.
The mezzanine floor would have caused the plot ratio of the building to exceed
the legally permissible ratio, making the expectation illegal. If I follow the
approach in _Jennings_ and take Mr Shiok’s expectation as a starting point, he
would recover nothing. This is clearly not an appropriate measure.

17 Since there is no legally referable expectation to speak of, I am of the
view that compensation should be assessed on the basis of the detriment
incurred. In this regard, in fashioning an award, I shall consider both (i)
the cost of the improvement, and (ii) the enhancement to the value of the
land.

18 This case is unusual in the sense that the improvements made to the land in
the form of an additional mezzanine floor were illegal and had to be removed
pursuant to a court order. That left the condition of the land in the same
state as that before any improvements were made to it. Therefore, an
assessment based on the enhancement to the value of the land would cause Mr
Shiok to recover nothing. This is clearly not an appropriate measure either.

19 Therefore, the more appropriate (and in fact, only) measure that I can take
into account is the cost of improvements. Mr Shiok’s counsel submitted that
the renovation costs amounted to $188,817.98. I take this figure into account
in my final award.

20 On a separate note, the cost of removing the mezzanine floor would
ordinarily have been a cost incidental to the representation made by Mr Lim to
Mr Shiok that he could build a mezzanine floor. However, in this case, since
the plaintiff had already removed the mezzanine floor at its own cost, I
accordingly hold that no compensation for the costs of removal of the
mezzanine floor is to be awarded.

Representation that Mr Shiok could purchase the premises

21 The representation that Mr Shiok could purchase the premises could have
been legally fulfilled, unlike the expectation that Mr Shiok could build a
mezzanine floor. Therefore, following the approach in _Jennings_ , I take Mr
Shiok’s expectation, _ie_ , the position that Mr Shiok would have been in had
he had the opportunity to purchase the premises, as the _prima facie_ basis of
compensation, unless the outcome is disproportionate to the detriment
suffered.

22 Besides having lost the opportunity to purchase the premises, Mr Shiok was
also put through a series of related summonses in this suit that would not
have occurred had Mr Lim made good this representation. Therefore, I also take
the legal costs into account when determining the appropriate award to satisfy
this equity.

Loss of opportunity to purchase the premises

23 It is clear on the facts that Mr Shiok had lost the opportunity to purchase
the premises because of Mr Lim’s conduct. I had already found at [29] of the
Judgment that:

29 … _In particular, the first tenancy agreement’s duration of two years shows
that it must have existed as an understanding between the parties alongside
their contractual arrangements._ I find additional support for this conclusion
in the note scribbled by Mr Lim on Mr Shiok’s letter of 27 November 2006 (see
_supra_ [16]), stating that a sale might be delayed to September 2007 pending
the issuance of the CSC. The note may well be an internal note, as Mr Lim
claimed. _However, its existence indicated that the possibility of a sale to
Mr Shiok, albeit outside the terms of the first tenancy agreement, was very
much on the mind of Mr Lim._ Otherwise, there seemed no reason why the note
would be scribbled on Mr Shiok’s letter, as opposed to some other place.

[emphasis added]

24 In the ordinary course of events, Mr Lim could not have sold the promises
at the agreed price without offering Mr Shiok the opportunity to purchase the
premises first. However, by conducting himself in a manner “that was not
beyond reproach”, as I have found at [35] of the Judgment, Mr Lim had caused
Mr Shiok to lose the opportunity to purchase the unit.

25 Counsel for Mr Lim submitted that this opportunity is valueless because,
first, the condition precedent under the second tenancy agreement requiring a
Certificate of Statutory Completion (“CSC”) to be issued had not been
fulfilled; and second, even if the condition precedent was fulfilled, the
parties had not agreed upon the price and timing of the sale.

26 I find Mr Lim’s submissions on this issue to be misconceived. The reason
why a party would choose to rely on the doctrine of proprietary estoppel is
precisely because he is not entitled to his strict legal rights. Also, even
though the parties had not agreed upon a price and the time of sale, the
opportunity to purchase does not become valueless. A loss of a chance, no
matter how small, is still the loss of something of value and is thus capable
of being the subject of compensation. The difficulty in valuing the chance is
an entirely different matter altogether. In the context of a personal injury
claim, Lord Diplock explained in _Mallett v McMonagle_ [1970] AC 166 at 176
that:

The role of the court in making an assessment of damages which depends upon
its view as to what will be and what would have been is to be contrasted with
its ordinary function in civil actions of determining what was. In determining
what did happen in the past a court decides on the balance of probabilities.
Anything that is more probable than not it treats as certain. _But in
assessing damages which depend upon its view as to what will happen in the
future or would have happened in the future if something had not happened in
the past, the court must make an estimate as to what are the chances that a
particular thing will or would have happened and reflect those chances,
whether they are more or less than even, in the amount of damages which it
awards._

[emphasis added]

27 Although these principles are taken from a different context, I find that
they are equally applicable in the present case. The opportunity to purchase
the unit is clearly of some value to Mr Shiok since he had already invested
more than $100,000 in renovation costs, and it is undeniable that Mr Shiok had
lost the opportunity when Mr Lim ultimately did not allow him to purchase the
unit. It is irrelevant whether or not Mr Shiok could have bought the unit
because, even if Mr Shiok could not have bought the unit himself, he had given
evidence that there were unnamed persons who were willing to back him up, as I
have found at [33] of the Judgment. Therefore, justice would necessitate me
ascribing some value to this lost opportunity in order to satisfy the equity
raised.

28 However, in the absence of any submissions to guide the exercise of my
discretion in valuing this lost opportunity, I would adopt a minimalist
approach in coming up with a figure. This figure must be low enough such that
reasonable men would not regard it as excessive or extravagant, but high
enough such that if it was to be set any lower, reasonable men would not
regard it as sufficient to satisfy the equity raised. Taking into account the
fact that the opportunity was not an option but merely a right of first
refusal, I am of the view that 10% of $462,054.00 (the agreed purchase price
under the first tenancy agreement) would be an appropriate reflection of the
value of Mr Shiok’s lost opportunity. This works out to $46,205.40.

Costs of litigation

29 I stated above at [22] that Mr Shiok was put through a series of law suits
instituted by Mr Lim in respect of the mezzanine floor and the premises, that
would not have occurred had Mr Lim made good his representations. I have found
in the Judgment that Mr Shiok had successfully made out a claim of proprietary
estoppel. This also meant that Mr Lim was not entitled to insist upon his
strict legal rights by commencing and pursuing several legal actions against
Mr Shiok, despite having made the representations earlier. Therefore, I am of
the view that the legal costs that Mr Shiok incurred in order to defend all
the related suits commenced by Mr Lim with respect to the mezzanine floor and
the recovery of the premises should also be recoverable as compensation. To
hold otherwise would have been grossly unfair to Mr Shiok, since these legal
costs had arisen from the very subject matter over which proprietary estoppel
was found to have operated against Mr Lim.

30 However, as I had not directed the parties to make any submissions as to
the quantum of legal costs incurred by Mr Shiok so far, I order that this
portion of compensation is to be agreed upon or otherwise subject to taxation
by the Registrar.

Loss of actual or potential profits

31 I do not consider that the loss of profits to Mr Shiok, whether actual or
potential, to be a relevant factor to take into consideration in fashioning an
appropriate award of compensation in the present case. Given that I have
already awarded Mr Shiok (i) the full cost of installing the mezzanine floor;
(ii) the loss of an opportunity to purchase the unit; and (iii) the costs of
defending all the earlier related legal suits arising from the same subject
matter, I am of the view that the equity raised by the proprietary estoppel
claim has been satisfied. To award Mr Shiok the loss of his actual or
potential profits as well would clearly be grossly disproportionate to the
equity raised in the present case. I stress again that the aim of fashioning a
proprietary estoppel remedy is to satisfy the equity and not to indemnify Mr
Shiok for all the losses that he had suffered.

Conclusion

32 Therefore, taking into account all the factors raised in this judgment, I
am of the view that the minimum sum that Mr Shiok is entitled to in order to
satisfy the equity raised is as follows:

(a) Cost of installing the mezzanine floor amounting to $188,817.98;

(b) Loss of opportunity to purchase premises quantified at $46,205.40; and

(c) Costs for all related legal actions to be agreed or taxed.

33 I further order simple interest of 5.33% per annum to be payable on items
(a) and (b) above starting from 8 October 2008, being the date on which Mr
Shiok filed his defence and counterclaim. No interest is payable on item (c).

Costs

34 Given that neither party had succeeded fully in this appeal, I make no
order as to costs. However, for clarity, I note that pursuant to my order at
[29] above, Mr Shiok would be entitled to recover the costs of this appeal
from Mr Lim as well.

Addendum to judgment

31 May 2012

Philip Pillai J:

35 After I delivered my grounds of decision, both counsel requested for
further arguments before me, and after hearing them I made the following
orders:

(a) compensation referred to at [32(c)] above be fixed at $3,000;

(b) cost of this appeal fixed at $8,000 (inclusive of disbursements) to be
paid by Mr Lim to Mr Shiok; and

(c) cost of the hearing below to be paid by Mr Lim to Mr Shiok to be taxed if
not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

