Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Join-Aim Pte Ltd _v_ BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHC 3

Case Number| :| OS 643 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Chee Meng, SC and Quek Kian Teck (WongPartnership
LLP) for the plaintiff; Teh Kee Wee Lawrence and Melvin See Hsien Huei (Rodyk
& Davidson LLP) for the first defendant; The second defendant unrepresented.  
Parties| :|  Join-Aim Pte Ltd — BS Mount Sophia Pte Ltd and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 143 of
2011 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 7 February 2012. See [2012] SGCA
28.]

9 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The plaintiff (the main contractor in a building project) sought an
injunction to restrain the 1st defendant (the employer in the building
project) from calling on a Performance Bond for the amount of
S$360,084.62.[note: 1] This Performance Bond was issued by the 2nd
defendant.[note: 2]

2 Having heard arguments by both parties, I decided that the interim
injunction granted earlier by Andrew Ang J should stand, pending arbitration
between the plaintiff and the 1st defendant. I now set out my reasons.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

3 The plaintiff is a Singapore incorporated company, having its address at
Block 201E Tampines Street 23 #04-94, Singapore 527201.[note: 3] It is the
main contractor under the Contract (see [6]).[note: 4]

4 The 1st defendant is also a Singapore incorporated company. Its address is
at 2 Mistri Road #01-03, Singapore 079624.[note: 5] It is the employer under
the Contract.[note: 6]

5 The 2nd defendant issued the Performance Bond in favour of the 1st
defendant.[note: 7]

Background to the dispute

The call on the Performance Bond

6 The plaintiff, as main contractor, entered into a contract with the 1st
defendant, as developer, on 28 February 2008 (“**the Contract** ”) for the
erection of a 5-storey residential development comprising 50 units with
swimming pool and basement carparks at 95 Sophia Road, Singapore 228163
(“**the Project** ”).[note: 8] The contract was valued at over S$9
million.[note: 9] Its terms were in accordance with the SIA Articles and
Conditions of Contract.[note: 10] Pursuant to Clause 41 of the Conditions of
Contract (as amended by the Additions to Conditions of Contract), the
plaintiff submitted Performance Bond No. SD08B04687 (“**the Performance Bond**
”) to the 1st defendant for the amount of S$484,440.00.[note: 11]

7 The architect under the Contract was M/s Ronny Chin & Associates of 147B
Selegie Road, Singapore 188313 (“**the Architect** ”).[note: 12] The quantity
surveyor was M/s 1MH & Associates of 10 Lorong 19 Geylang #02-02, Singapore
388492 (“**the QS** ”).[note: 13] Other consultants included Portwood &
Associates (“**the Structural Engineer** ”) and Elead Associates (“**the
Services Engineer** ”).[note: 14]

8 On 4 March 2011, the Architect issued the Completion Certificate which
certified that works under the Contract were completed on 27 August
2010.[note: 15] Goh Tong Chuan (“**Goh** ”), the Managing Director of the
plaintiff, stated in his affidavit that the plaintiff completed the works on
19 May 2010 even though the plaintiff was entitled to an extension of time
till 27 October 2010 to complete the works.[note: 16]

9 The director of the Architect, Chin Hong Onn, also known as Ronny Chin
(“**Chin** ”), stated in his affidavit that the original date for completion
under the Contract was 1 January 2010. The extended Completion date was 4
April 2010 after the Architect certified that the plaintiff was entitled to 93
days extension of time by way of the Delay Certificate. As stated earlier (see
[8]), the works under the Contract were certified completed as at 27 August
2010.[note: 17]

10 On 30 March 2011, the Architect sent the Completion Certificate to the
parties by fax. The following day, the Architect informed the parties by
letter of the Completion Date of 27 August 2010.[note: 18]

11 On 24 May 2011, the plaintiff submitted its request for an extension of
time of 298 days. The granting of this extension would bring the plaintiff’s
work in line with the Completion Date of 27 August 2010.[note: 19]

12 On 22 June 2011, the Architect recommended that an extension of time of 24
days be granted to the plaintiff and this brought the total extension of time
to 93 days.[note: 20]

13 In an email dated 24 June 2011, the Architect sent the plaintiff a Delay
Certificate dated 4 March 2011 which confirmed that:

(a) the plaintiff was granted 93 days extension of time,

(b) the revised completion date was to be 4 April 2010 based on the 93 days
extension granted,

(c) the plaintiff was in delay.[note: 21]

14 Goh, in his affidavit, stressed the point that the Delay Certificate was
issued only on 4 March 2011, some 6 months after the certified completion of
27 August 2010.[note: 22]

15 On 15 July 2011, and pursuant to Clause 37(1) of the Conditions of
Contract, the plaintiff commenced arbitration proceedings against the 1st
defendant under the Singapore Institute of Architects (“SIA”) Arbitration
Rules by way of a Request for Arbitration served on the 1st defendant.[note:
23] The reliefs sought in the arbitration were[note: 24]:

(a) A determination from the Arbitrator to award or otherwise declare an
extension of time for the total of 298 days

(b) Prolongation costs and related losses and expense amounting to
S$253,339.37 to be paid by 1st defendant to the plaintiff

(c) A determination from the Arbitrator to declare that the plaintiff
completed the works under the Contract on 19 May 2010

(d) A determination by the Arbitrator that the plaintiff is entitled to the
amount of S$1,197,669.68 claimed under Progress Claim No. 30 (Revision 4) and
the said sum of S$1,197,669.68 is rightfully due and payable to the Plaintiff
under the Contract

(e) Interest

(f) Costs

(g) Such further or other direction as the Arbitrator deems fit.

16 On 20 July 2011, the plaintiff sent the 1st defendant’s solicitors a list
of proposed arbitrators. Goh’s affidavit stated that the 1st defendant
completely disregarded the Request for Arbitration and the system for dispute
resolution and instead made an unconscionable demand on the Performance Bond
without any prior notice to the plaintiff.[note: 25] The 1st defendant replied
in its written submissions that this assertion was mischievous and misleading,
that the SIA Rules provided that a response was optional and that the 1st
defendant did not need to file any response.[note: 26]

17 On 27 July 2011, the 1st defendant made a demand for the amount of
S$360,084.62 under the Performance Bond shortly after being served with the
Request for Arbitration.[note: 27]

18 On 2 August 2011, the plaintiff obtained an interim injunction restraining
the 1st defendant from calling on the Performance Bond.[note: 28]

19 In the light of Clause 2 of the Performance Bond and the 1st defendant’s
demand, the 2nd defendant informed the plaintiff that unless an injunction was
obtained, payment would be made as demanded by 29 July 2011.[note: 29]

Plaintiff’s progress claims

20 On 16 May 2011, the plaintiff submitted Progress Claim No. 30 (Revision 4)
pursuant to clause 31(2) (a) of the Conditions of Contract for the amount of
S$1,197,669.68, in respect of (i) variation works carried out by the plaintiff
after completion of the Contract works under Architect’s Instructions No.
38-56, and (ii) variation works carried out by the Plaintiff under several
Variation Orders issued by the Architect. In Goh’s affidavit, it stated that
the 1st defendant and the Architect did not dispute Progress Claim No. 30
(Revision 4) but they also did not provide any payment response. On 14 June
2011, Progress Claim No. 30 (Revision 4) was resubmitted by the plaintiff to
the Architect and the 1st defendant. According to Goh, this amount remains due
and outstanding from the 1st defendant to the plaintiff.

Summary of Pleadings

21 The plaintiff submitted that the injunction ought to be continued on the
ground on unconscionability.[note: 30]

22 The 1st defendant, unsurprisingly, opposed the plaintiff’s application for
the injunction restraining the 1st defendant from calling on the Performance
Bond to be continued.

Plaintiff’s Case

23 The plaintiff, in support of its case, essentially stated that[note: 31]:

(a) The amount called for by the 1st defendant under the performance bond was
incorrect,

(b) The 1st defendant was not entitled to any liquidated damages, as:

(i) Any delays were caused by the 1st defendant and/or the 1st defendant’s
consultants

(ii) The Delay Certificate was not issued in accordance with clause 24(1) of
the Conditions of Contract.

(c) The call on the Performance Bond was made for a collateral purpose, in
retaliation to the Request for Arbitration and was a call made in bad faith.

24 In Goh’s affidavit, he stated that it would be “patently unfair” for the
1st defendant to receive payment under the Performance Bond when prolongation
costs of S$253,339.37 and the amount of S$1,197,669.68 under Progress Claim
No. 30 (Revision 4) remained due and outstanding from 1st defendant to the
plaintiff. He also stated that there was no conceivable loss on the part of
the 1st defendant that entitled it to make a demand on S$360,084.62.[note: 32]

Respondent’s Case

25 The 1st defendant painted the background to the case as such[note: 33]:

(a) By a Delay Certificate dated 4 March 2011, the Architect certified that
the plaintiff was granted a total of 93 days extension of time under the
Contract. The Completion Date was then extended to 4 April 2010.

(b) By a Completion Certificate dated 4 March 2011, the Architect certified
that the works under the Contract were completed on 27 August 2010. The
plaintiff was therefore 145 days in delay.[note: 34] Pursuant to the provision
on liquidated damages for delay under the Contract, the 1st defendant was
entitled to damages of (145 days * $6,000/day[note: 35]) = S$870,000.00.

(c) On 22 July 2011, the quantity surveyor for the Contract advised the 1st
defendant that based on the draft final accounts as of 8 July 2011, the value
of works carried out by the plaintiff that remained uncertified was
S$29,782.90.[note: 36] The 1st defendant also withheld S$480,132.48 as
retention money. Accordingly, the balance sum due to the 1st defendant was
(S$870,000.00- S$29,782.90 \- S$480,132.48) = S$360,048.62

(d) Accordingly, the 1st defendant’s case was that it was entitled to call on
the Performance Bond on 27 July 2011 for the sum of S$360,084.62, being a
partial call on the Bond’s full value of S$484,400.00.

26 The 1st defendant argued that:

(a) It was entitled to be paid liquidated damages as compensation for its
loss;

(b) The Architect’s replies to the extension of time requests were based on
the considered views of the consultants;

(c) Allegations of conspiracy or interference regarding the Architect’s
certifications on the extensions of time were baseless;

(d) The extended completion date was 27 August 2010 and could not have been 19
May 2010;

(e) The plaintiff’s delay in clearing Powergrid testing was not material in
considering whether the Performance Bond could be called on;

(f) There were valid reasons for the time lapse in the issuance of the
Completion Certificate;

(g) The Contract provided the date when the Delay Certificate was to be
issued;

(h) The plaintiff could not have implemented “catch up” measures after
receiving the Delay Certificate;

(i) Disputes over the plaintiff’s progress claims were to be arbitrated and
was not material in considering whether the Performance Bond could be called
on;

(j) The Performance Bond could be called on even though claims between parties
were to be referred to arbitration;

(k) There was no need for the 1st defendant to respond to the Request for
Arbitration;

(l) There was no agreement between the 1st defendant and the plaintiff to not
call on the Performance Bond if its validity was extended;

(m) The 1st defendant was entitled to the full sum claimed under the
Performance Bond.

The decision of the court

27 The main issue in the case was whether the plaintiff had shown that there
was unconscionable conduct on the 1st defendant’s part which would warrant a
restraint on the call on the Performance Bond.

28 As can be seen from the facts, the parties also raised a myriad of other
matters during the hearing. Such matters included, _inter alia_ , disputes
over extensions of time, who was to blame for the delay in clearing Powergrid
testing[note: 37] and disputes over which party was liable to pay the other
and how much each had to pay.

29 In my opinion, these concerned run of the mill construction disputes which
were properly the subject of the arbitration. I held that these issues were
not for the determination of this court in an application of this nature.
Accordingly, I decided the case on the one issue which was sufficient to
dispose of the matter before me and I turn to address that now.

Was there unconscionable conduct on the part of the 1st defendant which
required the call on the Performance Bond to be restrained by injunction?

Applicable law

30 The law as to when the court may restrain a call on a performance bond was
set out in the case of _JBE Properties Pte Ltd v Gammon Pte Ltd_ [2011] 2 SLR
47, where the Court of Appeal stated:

_It is now well established that, under our law, apart from fraud (which is
the traditional ground for restraining a call on a performance bond),
unconscionability is a separate and independent ground for the court to grant
an interim injunction restraining a beneficiary from making a call on a
performance bond_ (see, inter alia, _Bocotra Construction Pte Ltd v AG_ [1995]
2 SLR(R) 262 at [53] and _GHL Pte Ltd v Unitrack Building Construction Pte
Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 44 at [16] and [20]; see also the GD at [6]-[7]). This is
wider than the English position, which requires fraud to be clearly proved
before a call on a performance bond can be restrained.

[emphasis added]

31 In the recent case of _Astrata (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Tridex Technologies
Pte Ltd_ [2011] 1 SLR 449, Philip Pillai J surveyed the leading cases on the
law on applications to restrain calls on performance bonds. The judge
distilled the following principles from the cases (at [73]):

(a) Whether there is unconscionability depends on the facts of each case.
There is no pre-determined categorisation.

(b) In determining whether a call on a bond is unconscionable, the entire
picture must be looked at, taking into account all the relevant factors.

(c) The concept of unconscionability involves unfairness, as distinct from
dishonesty or fraud, or conduct of a kind so reprehensible or lacking in good
faith that a court of conscience would either restrain the party or refuse to
assist the party.

(d) While in every instance of unconscionability there would be an element of
unfairness, the reverse is not necessarily true. Unfairness _per se_ does not
constitute unconscionability.

(e) In intervening in a call on an on-demand bond/guarantee, the court is
concerned with abusive calls on the bonds.

(f) Mere breaches of contract by the party in question would not by themselves
be unconscionable.

(g) It is important that the courts guard against unnecessarily interfering
with contractual arrangements freely entered into by the parties. The parties
must abide by the deal they have struck.

The Performance Bond

32 The relevant clauses in the Performance Bond were:

1\. In consideration of you not insisting on the Contractor paying **SINGAPORE
DOLLARS FOUR HUNDRED EIGHTY FOUR THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY ONLY
(S$484,440/-)** as a security deposit for the Contract, we hereby irrevocably
and unconditionally undertake, covenant and firmly bind ourselves to pay to
you on demand any sum or sums which from time to time may be demanded by you
up to a maximum aggregate of **SINGAPORE DOLLARS FOUR HUNDRED EIGHTY FOUR
THOUSAND FOUR HUNDRED AND FORTY ONLY (S484,440/-) (“the Said Sum”).**

2\. Should you notify us in writing, at any time prior to the expiry of this
Bond, by notice purporting to be signed for and on behalf that you require
payment to be made of the whole or any part of the said sum, we irrevocably
and unconditionally agree to pay the same to you immediately on demand without
further reference to the Contractor and notwithstanding any dispute or
difference which may have arisen under the Contract or any instruction which
may be given to us by the Contractor not to pay the same.

3\. We hereby confirm and agree that we shall be under no duty or
responsibility to inquire into:

a. The reason or circumstances of any demand hereunder, or

b. The respective rights, obligations and/or liabilities of yourselves and the
Contractor under the Contract, or

c. The authenticity of your notice or the authority or entitlement of persons
signing such notice, but that we shall be entitled to and shall rely upon any
written demand by you hereunder.

33 The nature of the Performance Bond was not disputed.

The email setting out the “practical completion date”

34 During the hearing, my attention was drawn to an email sent by one Elfren
Turiano, an “Architectural Associate” of the Architect. The email was sent on
4 October 2011, from Turiano to, _inter alia_ , Richard Goh and Selvin Teo,
who were the Managing Director and the Project Manager of the plaintiff
respectively. The email is in the following terms:

Dear All,

We are currently preparing the Completion Cert and we came up to finalised the
date on **July 19 th** as the practical completion date.

Please revert back to us if you have any comment or objections before 8th
October.

Regards,

Elfren Turiano

Architectural Associate

RONNY CHIN ARCHITECTS PTE LTD

35 Ronny Chin, the director of the Architect, took pains in his affidavit to
state that “the Architect was not influenced by or interfered with in its
decisions on EOT, the Delay Certificate and the Completion Certificate”[note:
38] and that the “Architect’s decisions on time were all based on the
recommendations of the consultants in the Project”[note: 39].

36 These statements arose because the Architect had sent letters to the 1st
defendant seeking “concurrence” on the Architect’s recommendation of
extensions of time. In his affidavit, Ronny Chin stated that it was his
personal style to use a softer approach rather than dictate his decision to
the 1st defendant and stated that upon hindsight, this might not have been an
appropriate phrase to use.[note: 40]Here it was evident that the Architect was
attempting to stave off allegations that the Architect’s certificates were not
issued in a _bona fide_ manner.[note: 41]

37 However, there was still no acceptable explanation presented as to why the
completion date appeared to have been changed from 19 July 2010 to 4 April
2010. This, in essence, was a backdating of the completion date. Counsel for
the 1st defendant, in the hearing before me, admitted that the 1st defendant
had no real answer on why the date was changed. The materiality of the change
in date was evident; the change of date from 19 July to 4 April resulted in
the plaintiff incurring $700,000 worth of liquidated damages. This amount of
liquidated damages formed the substantial basis of a call on the Performance
Bond. This exhibited a strong _prima facie_ case of unconscionability and I
was concerned that this was an abusive call on the bond. As I stated above (in
[27]-[29]), the cross allegations of breaches of contract fell to be dealt
with in the arbitration proceedings and so I did not consider them in coming
to the conclusion that the 1st defendant acted unconscionably.

38 I also kept in mind the oft repeated warning that the courts should guard
against unnecessarily interfering with contractual arrangements freely entered
into by the parties: _Eltraco International Pte Ltd v CGH Development Pte Ltd_
[2000] 3 SLR(R) 198, _Anwar_ _Siraj and anor v Teo Hee Lai Building
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 394 at [16]. Having considered this, I
was of the view that the parties did not enter into a contract where the
completion date could be, without good reason, unexpectedly pushed back by the
Architect after having been previously confirmed by him.

39 Despite the other allusions to collusion between the Architect and the 1st
Defendant, it was the unexplained reference to 19 July as the practical
completion date by the Architect in the email and the subsequent use of 4
April as the completion date that was decisive in my decision that the conduct
of the 1st defendant evidenced unconscionability.

Conclusion

40 I therefore ordered the interim injunction to stand. Costs fixed at $18,000
plus reasonable disbursements were awarded to the plaintiff, such costs to be
paid by the 1st defendant.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions (“PS”) at para 1

[note: 2]Affidavit of Goh Tong Chuan (“Goh”) at para 12, DS at para 7

[note: 3]Goh at para 6

[note: 4]1st Defendant’s Written Submissions (“DS”) at para 5

[note: 5]Goh at para 6

[note: 6]DS at para 5

[note: 7]Affidavit of Ang Song Lim, Project Manager of the 1st Defendant
(“ASL”) at para 6

[note: 8]DS at para 4, PS at para 3, ASL at Para 5

[note: 9]Goh at para 9

[note: 10]Goh at para 9

[note: 11]Goh at para 12, PS, para 3-4, DS at para 7

[note: 12]Goh at para 10

[note: 13]Goh at para 10

[note: 14]Chin at para 9

[note: 15]Goh at para 38

[note: 16]Goh at para 46

[note: 17]Chin at para 6

[note: 18]Chin at para 16(e)

[note: 19]Chin at para 16(f)

[note: 20]Chin at para 16(g)

[note: 21]Goh at para 39

[note: 22]Goh at para 40

[note: 23]Goh at para 15(d)

[note: 24]Goh at 27

[note: 25]Goh at para 29

[note: 26]DS at paras 93-94

[note: 27]PS, para 6

[note: 28]PS, para 7

[note: 29]Goh at 14

[note: 30]PS, para 7

[note: 31]PS, paras 11-25

[note: 32]Goh at paras 45-46

[note: 33]DS, para 8-13

[note: 34]ASL at para 7

[note: 35]ASL at para 13

[note: 36]ASL at para 7

[note: 37]Affidavit of Teo Will Chye, Project Manager of the Plaintiff (“Teo”)
at paras 17-58

[note: 38]Chin at para 17

[note: 39]Chin at para 17

[note: 40]Chin at para 11

[note: 41]Chin at para 7

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

