Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Aamna Taseer _v_ Shaan Taseer and others  
[2012] SGHC 32

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 866 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 10 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Daniel Chia and Emily Choo (Stamford Law Corporation) for
the plaintiff; Sim Bock Eng, Chloe Lee and Joel Chng (WongPartnership LLP) for
the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Aamna Taseer — Shaan Taseer and others  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeal to this decision in Civil Appeal No 22 of
2012 was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on 23 July 2012. See [2012] SGCA
52.]

10 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Salman Taseer, the Governor of Punjab, was assassinated on 4 January 2011.
He was a Sunni Muslim and a citizen of Pakistan, as is his widow and second
wife Aamna Taseer, the plaintiff. They have three children aged between 22 and
28. Salman Taseer divorced his first wife in 1983. The defendants are the
three children from his marriage to the first wife. Salman Taseer’s estate is
the subject of litigation in Pakistan, and the defendants have obtained an
injunction from the Pakistani Court restraining the plaintiff from disposing
of all assets of Salman Taseer’s estate until further order. The Pakistani
Court order dated 29 September 2011 concluded with this qualification:

However, this order shall not be prejudiced to any legal/judicial proceedings
going on in any court.

The order was clearly, at the least, a personal order binding the defendants
named therein, which included the plaintiff and her three children. Mr Daniel
Chia (“Mr Chia”), counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the order made no
claim to oust the jurisdiction of any other court, including this court,
should it have jurisdiction to adjudicate on any property or rights of any of
the claimants.

2 This application before me arose because Salman Taseer had purchased 82 Cove
Drive, a property in Singapore, in his and the plaintiff’s names. The property
was purchased for S$11m. According to Miss Sim Bock Eng (“Miss Sim”), counsel
for the defendants, it is now worth S$16m. The defendants had lodged a caveat
against this property in Singapore citing the claim that they are
beneficiaries to the property and that the plaintiff was holding the property
on trust for Salman Taseer. The plaintiff filed this application for the
defendants to show cause why the caveat should not be removed and an order for
the defendants to remove the caveat if they failed to show that the caveat
should remain.

3 Mr Chia’s case was that the defendants have no legal standing to lodge the
caveat. The law is that no one can lodge a caveat unless he has a “caveatable
interest”. Under the Torrens System, the caveatable interest arises out of an
interest in the land. Only persons who have an interest in the land itself may
lodge a caveat. Mr Chia cited _Guardian, Trust, and Executors Company of New
Zealand, Limited v Hall_ [1938] NZLR 1020 (“ _Guardian, Trust_ ”) as authority
for the proposition that “[u]ntil the residue of a deceased estate has been
ascertained, a beneficiary entitled to a share in such residue is not
‘entitled to or beneficially interested’ in land forming part of that estate.”
This statement, if it represents the correct position in law so far as
caveatable interest is concerned, is directly on point and would be highly
persuasive to this court. Mr Chia augmented this point by referring to two
more cases, namely _In_ _re Savage’s Caveat_ [1956] NZLR 118; and _Gangemi v
Gangemi_ [2009] WASC 195, which support the principle expressed in _Guardian,
Trust_.

4 Miss Sim, on the other hand, submitted that the equitable interest in 82
Cove Drive arose and vested in the defendants in this way. The property was
truly the sole property of Salman Taseer even though it was purchased in the
joint names of himself and the plaintiff. The defendants have, as both counsel
accepted, a 40% interest in the value of the estate. Since they are
beneficiaries who have an interest in the estate of Salman Taseer (which
estate includes the property in Singapore) they have an interest in the
property which entitles them to lodge a caveat. Miss Sim cited _Wong Moy
(administratrix of the estate of Theng Chee Khim, deceased) v Soo Ah Choy_
[1996] 3 SLR(R) 27 (“ _Wong Moy_ ”) in support. In this case, the Court of
Appeal held that the appellant there had no equitable or beneficial interest
in any particular asset comprised in that estate which was yet unadministered.
The court held, however, that that did not prevent the beneficiary of such an
estate from bringing an action to recover assets belonging to the estate under
certain circumstances. In my view, this case does not assist the defendants.
The circumstances in _Wong Moy_ were significantly different in that the
estate property had already been sold and the beneficiaries were only at
liberty to commence proceedings against the estate from disposing the proceeds
of sale until the claims against them were resolved. It was not an authority
for holding that they had a caveatable interest.

5 Miss Sim also submitted that in order for the defendants to have access to
the entire property, this court should find that any presumption of
advancement in favour of the plaintiff wife has been rebutted. She argued that
the property was purchased solely with Salman Taseer’s money and that he had
given instructions to his property agent to sell the property just three
months before he was killed. More importantly, Miss Sim submitted that the
presumption had been rebutted by the affidavits of the defendants stating that
Salman Taseer never gave the plaintiff anything of value during their
marriage. Various other assertions were made in those affidavits to the effect
that there was no love between Salman Taseer and the plaintiff upon which the
presumption could be maintained. Miss Sim submitted that there were no
evidence against the defendants’ assertions and thus this court must find that
the presumption has been rebutted. I am of the view that the presumption
cannot be rebutted on the basis of the allegations set out in the defendants’
affidavits. Evidence tending to refute a presumption must generally be tested
at trial. There is no reason why this case should be an exception. However,
there is no other legal action between the parties in Singapore. This case is
concerned strictly with the question of whether the defendants had a
caveatable interest in the property.

6 Furthermore, as a matter of law, I find myself in full agreement with the
authorities cited by Mr Chia in that only persons who have a direct interest
in the property will have a caveatable interest in that property. The
defendants had only a share in the assets of an unadministered estate and
their claim is not a claim in respect of any specific property of the estate.
It is a claim for a portion of the value of the estate. That is a different
proposition altogether. The case of _Wong Moy_ is of no assistance to the
defendants as it merely affirmed the rights of beneficiaries to sue to protect
the assets of the estate. It did not go so far as to say that the
beneficiaries of an unadministered estate had a caveatable interest. These are
two distinct concepts.

7 Since the defendants have failed to show any caveatable interest in 82 Cove
Drive, I allow the plaintiff’s prayers 1 and 2 and will hear the question of
costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

