Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Li Siu Lun _v_ Looi Kok Poh and another  
[2012] SGHCR 4

Case Number| :| Suit No 245 of 2009, Summons No 1936 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Sarah Shi AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Eugene Nai and Cannis Seng (Martin & Partners) for the
plaintiff; Audrey Chiang and June Hong (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the second
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Li Siu Lun — Looi Kok Poh and another  
  
4 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Sarah Shi AR:

Introduction

1 This is an application taken out by the second defendant, Gleneagles
Hospital (“Gleneagles”), asking for the following prayers in respect of the
plaintiff, Li Siu Lun (“Li”):

(a)

that Li submit himself for an examination by a psychiatric expert to be
appointed by Gleneagles;

(b)

that leave be given for Gleneagles’ psychiatric expert to file an Affidavit of
Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) on behalf of Gleneagles; and

(c)

that the action be stayed pending completion of all reasonable medical and/or
clinical examinations on Li which are reasonably required by Gleneagles’
appointed experts.

2 The issue of when a medical examination can be ordered against an unwilling
party appears to be a novel issue before the Singapore courts. This judgment
will thus examine whether the court has the power to order a medical
examination; and if so, what the test should be.

Background facts

3 The background facts relevant to the present application will be briefly
stated. Li is a British citizen, resident in Hong Kong. He is self employed as
a property and stock trader.

4 The first defendant, Dr Looi Kok Poh (“Dr Looi”), is a consultant hand
surgeon who was at all material times running a private practice at the
Pacific Hand, Wrist and Microsurgical Centre, Singapore.

5 Gleneagles maintains and manages a private hospital which employs and
engages doctors, nurses and other staff for the purposes of
hospitalisation/surgical services for patients.

6 Li had suffered an injury to his right hand (his “Hand”) in 1989, and had
this treated by a surgical procedure (the “First Surgery”) at the Prince of
Wales Hospital in Hong Kong. While Li had good general function and use of his
Hand after the First Surgery, he suffered from certain complications (the
“Complications”).

7 On a business trip to Singapore in 2006, Li consulted Dr Looi regarding the
Complications. Subsequently, Dr Looi performed a surgery on Li on 26 April
2006 at Gleneagles (the “Second Surgery”). Li’s case is that the condition of
his Hand worsened after the Second Surgery. Li then brought a claim against Dr
Looi for the personal injury allegedly caused by Dr Looi, alleging, _inter
alia_ , breach of contract and/or duty of care; and/or battery. Li’s case
against Dr Looi has since been settled, and in any case, it is not relevant to
the present application which only involves Li and Gleneagles.

8 Li also brought a claim against Gleneagles, alleging that Gleneagles had
conspired with Dr Looi to cause Li’s consent form for the Second Surgery and
other medical records to be altered in a bid to assist Dr Looi to cover up his
negligence, alleging, _inter alia_ , breach of contract and/or statutory duty
and/or duty of care and/or fiduciary duty. It will be observed that Li’s claim
against Gleneagles was _not_ for personal injury. Damages, including
aggravated damages and punitive/exemplary damages were sought for the loss of
Li’s right to an accurate and proper set of medical records and financial loss
and damages incurred in having to commence legal proceedings against parties
other than Dr Looi and Gleneagles (Li had sought interrogatories from a nurse
who was working at Gleneagles to establish his case that the medical records
had been _inter alia_ altered/amended). In support of the claim for aggravated
damages, Li pleaded in his Statement of Claim (“SOC”) that as a result of
Gleneagles’ acts, he had “suffered and continues to suffer considerable anger,
outrage and distress”.[note: 1]

9 An interlocutory judgment on liability has been entered for Li against
Gleneagles. The matter is now approaching the stage of the assessment of Li’s
damages against Gleneagles (“AD”).

The present proceedings

10 The present proceedings concern Li’s allegation that he was depressed as a
result of Gleneagles’ acts. In Li’s AEIC affirmed on 17 February 2012, he
claimed that he suffered “grave mental anguish and/or distress ... [and]
depression”.[note: 2]

11 Gleneagles’ case is that the court should exercise its powers under s 18
read with para 19 of the First Schedule of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) to order the medical examination of a person
who is a party to any proceedings where the physical or mental condition of
the person is relevant to any matter in question in the proceedings. As Li had
alleged depression in support of an award of aggravated damages, counsel for
Gleneagles argues that Li’s mental condition is thus in issue and is a matter
relevant to the proceedings.

12 Li’s case is that the court should _not_ exercise its power under s 18 read
with para 19 of the First Schedule of the SCJA as (i) Gleneagles’ request for
medical examination was not reasonable as the medical examination was not
required for Gleneagles to properly prepare its defence; and (ii) Li had a
reasonable apprehension that any examiner proposed by Gleneagles would not
make a just determination of the cause.

Analysis and decision

Jurisdictional issues

13 There are two related but distinct issues to be determined under the
heading of “jurisdictional issues”. Firstly, whether the court has a power to
make a _direct order_ for a plaintiff to submit himself to a medical
examination (“Direct Order”), or whether the court’s power is confined to
ordering a _stay_ of proceedings unless and until the plaintiff submit himself
to a medical examination (“Stay”). Secondly, whether an Assistant Registrar
(“AR”), as opposed to a High Court Judge, has the power to grant either a
Direct Order and/or a Stay.

14 In English law, there is no statutory power enabling the court to order a
medical examination “but the common law has found a solution”, _viz_ , that
the court has inherent jurisdiction to order a Stay in appropriate
circumstances (Steyn LJ, as he then was, concurring in _Jackson v Mirror Group
Newspapers Ltd and Another_ (The Times, 17 March 1994) (“ _Jackson_ ”)). The
presence of this inherent jurisdiction was first observed in _Edmeades v
Thames Board Mills Ltd_ [1969] 2 QB 67 (“ _Edmeades_ ”) at 71, where Lord
Denning, noting that there was no legislation on whether the court had power
to grant a Stay, stated that he “[did] not think legislation [was] necessary”
as the court has “ample jurisdiction to grant a stay whenever it is just and
reasonable to do so”.

15 By contrast, in Singapore, the power order a medical examination has been
codified in statutory form. Section 18 of the SCJA provides as follows:

Powers of High Court

18.—(1) The High Court shall have such powers as are vested in it by any
written law for the time being in force in Singapore.

(2) Without prejudice to the generality of subsection (1), the High Court
shall have the powers set out in the First Schedule.

(3) The powers referred to in subsection (2) shall be exercised in accordance
with any written law or Rules of Court related to them.

16 Pursuant to s 18(2) of the SCJA, the High Court has the powers set out in
the First Schedule. Paragraph 19 of the First Schedule of the SCJA provides as
follows:

Ordering medical examination

19\. Power to order medical examination of a person who is a party to any
proceedings where the physical or mental condition of the person is relevant
to any matter in question in the proceedings.

17 Before going on to examine whether the power to order a medical examination
extends to a Direct Order, I will first consider whether, as an AR, I have the
power to grant an order for medical examination. Counsel for Gleneagles
directed me to s 2 of the SCJA, where a Judge is defined as:

a Judge of the High Court and includes the Chief Justice and _any person
appointed to exercise the powers of a Judge_ [emphasis added]

18 Section 62(1) of the SCJA provides that an AR shall have the “jurisdiction,
powers and duties as may be prescribed by Rules of Court”. Pursuant to O 32 r
9(1) read with O 1 r 4(1) of the Rules, an AR has the  _same powers and
jurisdiction_ as a Judge in Chambers. As a matter of practice, ARs routinely
hear certain applications and have the power to grant certain orders which
also fall under the First Schedule of the SCJA, _inter alia_ , discovery and
interrogatories, and costs (paras 12 and 13 of the First Schedule). I thus
find that I have the power to order a medical examination. For completeness,
it is noted that the District Courts and Magistrates’ Courts have the
corresponding power and may order a medical examination of a person who is a
party to any proceedings in both civil and criminal matters where the physical
or mental condition of the person is “relevant to any matter in question in
the proceedings” (see ss 31(2)(_c_); 50(1)(_b_); 51(1)(_b_) and
52(1B)(_b_)(iii) of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed)).

19 Having decided that I have the power to order a medical examination, I will
now return to the issue of the scope of the power to order a medical
examination, _ie_ , whether it extends to a Direct Order or only comprises a
Stay. While para 19 of the First Schedule of the SCJA provides that the High
Court has the “[p]ower to order medical examination”, the express wording is
not conclusive, as the “order” in question is not defined as either a Direct
Order or as a Stay. While _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey Pinsler,
gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) (“ _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ ”) notes at para
25/3/11 that the court is “specifically empowered to order a medical
examination”, the learned editor goes on to discuss principles governing the
court’s exercise of its discretion to grant a Stay. This is perhaps
unsurprising, as the cases referred to at para 25/3/11 are English cases where
the courts have only granted a Stay rather than a Direct Order.

20 The guiding principle behind the English cases is that to require a
claimant to submit to a medical examination is, “to an extent, intrusive and
must be justified as necessary” (_Edwards-Tubb v J D Wetherspoon plc_ [2011] 1
WLR 1373 at [18]). In the case of a Direct Order, this concern is heightened
as a Direct Order leaves the plaintiff caught between the Scylla of a
potentially intrusive medical examination and the Charybdis of contempt of
court proceedings being initiated against him. The reason for this is that a
Direct Order is an order of court, thus its breach will presumably amount to
contempt of court, as noted by Widgery LJ in _Edmeades_ (at p72):

… I can see the objections that would be raised if it were sought to give the
court power to make a direct order for medical examination with, _presumably
power to commit the plaintiff for contempt if he refused_. … [emphasis added]

21 However, it might be argued that a Stay also leaves the plaintiff with the
hard choice of being “[shut] out ... from the seat of justice” or compelled
“against his will to submit to a medical examination; ... an invasion of his
personal liberty” (_Lane v Willis & anor appeal_ [1972] 1 WLR 326 (“ _Lane v
Willis_ ”) at 68). It might then be further argued that the invasion of the
plaintiff’s personal liberty in such a case is justified, as the issue of a
medical examination only arises where it is relevant to the proceedings before
the court. As the argument would go, where the plaintiff has _himself chosen
to put his mental or physical condition in issue_ , thus causing it to become
relevant to the court proceedings, it behoves the plaintiff to agree to a
reasonable request by the defendant for a medical examination. This view was
stated by Millett LJ (as he then was) in _Hookham v Wiggins Teape Fine Papers
Limited_ [1995] PIQR p392 at p400:

... A plaintiff chooses to sue; a defendant has no choice whether to be sued
or not. A plaintiff who sues for damages for personal injury must afford the
defendant a reasonable opportunity to have him medically examined. By choosing
to sue _he forgoes his right to protest at the invasion of his privacy which a
medical examination involves_. If he refuses such an examination his action
may be stayed. ... [emphasis added]

I am in full agreement with Millett LJ that the rationale behind the court’s
power to order a medical examination is that a plaintiff who chooses to sue
for damages based on his medical condition must afford the defendant a
reasonable opportunity to have him medically examined, and thus foregoes the
right to protest the invasion of his privacy which a medical examination
involves.

22 Even so, I note that this rationale was used by Millett LJ to justify the
grant of _a Stay_ _and not a Direct Order_. While a Stay may deny the
plaintiff from pursuing his claim, a Direct Order goes further as it adds
potential contempt of court proceedings on top of denying the plaintiff from
pursuing his claim; a consequence I find to be disproportionately adverse. The
court has the power under O 52 of the Rules to make an order of committal in
the appropriate case to punish for contempt of court (for the rationale and
test for the court’s power to punish for contempt see _Sembcorp Marine Ltd v
Aurol Anthony Sabastian_ [2012] SGHC 52 at [33] – [34]).

23 The reason why I find the consequence to be disproportionately adverse is
that an order of a medical examination involves _two competing sets of rights_
and a Direct Order creates an imbalance between the two rights. In _Starr v
National Coal Board_ [1977] 1 WLR 63 (“ _Starr_ ”) at 70 – 71, Scarman LJ
framed this as a balance between the plaintiff’s right to personal liberty and
the defendant’s right to defend himself in litigation as he thinks fit (which
includes the right to choose expert witnesses). The only gloss that I would
add to this analysis is that the term “personal liberty” might not be apposite
in the local context (given the interpretation of the term in _Lo Pui Sang and
others v Mamata_ _Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd,
intervener) and other appeals_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 754 at [6]) and the term
“bodily integrity” might be a better formulation of the plaintiff’s right. To
my mind, the defendant’s right to defend himself in litigation as he thinks
fit is _sufficiently protected_ _by a Stay_. If the plaintiff chooses not to
submit to a medical examination upon the order of a Stay, he will be unable to
pursue his claim any further, and the defendant’s right to defend himself will
_no longer be engaged_ as there will be no claim left to defend. With the
defendant’s right to defend himself lifted off the balancing scales by the
effect of a Stay, the plaintiff’s right to bodily integrity becomes weightier
and the plaintiff ought not to be put in the position of having to choose
between an unwanted and potentially invasive medical examination and having
committal proceedings initiated against him.

24 I am thus of the view that the court’s power to order a medical examination
only comprises the power to order a Stay and not a Direct Order. Having
considered parties’ arguments, I am of the view that a Stay is justified in
the present case. I will now give my reasons.

Whether Li’s mental condition is relevant to any matter in question in the
proceedings

25 Before I exercise the power to order a medical examination, I must first be
satisfied that Li’s mental condition is “relevant to any matter in question in
the proceedings” (para 19 of the First Schedule for the SCJA).

26 I find that this precondition is met, as Li had raised the issue of his
mental condition (be it mental distress and/or depression), in support of his
claim for aggravated damages (see above at [8] and [10]). Therefore, Li’s
mental condition is relevant to the issue of aggravated damages in the
proceedings before the court.

The test for a medical examination to be ordered

27 As noted earlier (at [2]), the issue of when a medical examination can be
ordered against an unwilling party is a novel issue before the Singapore
courts. Before me, parties have relied on English cases, and I will examine
these decisions to see if the principles expounded therein are applicable in
Singapore.

The “reasonableness” test

28 The “reasonableness” test was elucidated in _Edmeades_ and affirmed in
_Lane v Willis_ , two decisions of the English Court of Appeal.

29 In _Edmeades_ at 71, Lord Denning held that the test for the order of a
medical examination was _whether the defendant’s request that the plaintiff
submit to medical examination was reasonable_.

30 In _Lane v Willis_ at 330, Davies LJ affirmed the test was one of
“reasonableness” and framed the test in the following manner:

... In the circumstances, was the defendant’s request for a further
psychiatric examination reasonable; or was the plaintiff’s refusal to submit
himself to it reasonable?

31 It can thus be seen that the court will balance the reasonableness of the
defendant’s request against the reasonableness of the plaintiff’s refusal (the
“balance of reasonableness test”). The reason for the balancing exercise is
that there are two competing rights involved in an order for medical
examination, _viz_ , the plaintiff’s right to bodily integrity and the
defendant’s right to defend himself in litigation as he thinks fit (see above
at [22]).

32 As our statutory provisions are silent on the applicable test, it appears
to me that the balance of reasonableness test is one which is open to the
Singapore courts to adopt. In fact, it is almost trite to say that whenever
the court has a discretion, it should exercise it reasonably. I will now turn
to apply the test.

Reasonableness of Gleneagles’ request

(1) Whether Gleneagles requires its own medical examination of Li in order to
properly conduct its defence

33 Li’s case is that a defendant’s request for medical examination will only
be reasonable if it is unable to properly conduct its defence without its own
medical examination of the plaintiff, _eg_ , where the entire liability of the
defendant rests on the sufficient establishment of an injury in the
plaintiff’s cause of action. In the present case, as Li’s depression was not
claimed as a separate head of damages but only pleaded in support of his claim
for aggravated damages, counsel for Li argues that Gleneagles would not
require its own medical examination of Li in order to properly conduct its
defence. Counsel for Li further submits that if Gleneagles wanted to challenge
the expert evidence in Li’s expert’s AEIC, this could be done in cross-
examination.

34 Gleneagles’ case is that depression is an important element of Li’s claim
for aggravated damages and that Gleneagles would be severely prejudiced if it
was unable to get its own psychiatric expert. Counsel for Gleneagles submits
that to rebut Li’s allegation of depression, Gleneagles would need to adduce
evidence in the form of its own psychiatric report and not merely rely on
cross-examination of Li’s psychiatric expert.

35 I am unable to agree with counsel for Li that a defendant’s request for
medical examination will only be reasonable where the _entire_ _liability_ of
the defendant rests on the sufficient establishment of an injury in the
plaintiff’s cause of action. To my mind, it is clear that even where liability
is not in issue, where the quantum of damages is dependent on sufficient
establishment of a medical condition, this suffices. In _Edmeades_ , the issue
of liability had been settled at the time of the request for medical
examination, and the only remaining issue had been that of damages (see
_Edmeades_ at 69). In the present case, as I have found that depression is a
relevant issue to the assessment of damages (see above at [26]), this goes
towards a finding that Gleneagles’ request for medical examination is
reasonable.

36 I am also unable to agree with the argument that Gleneagles does not have
to conduct a medical examination as it can cross-examine Li’s expert witness
at trial. In _Edmeades_ at 73, Widgery LJ opined that if the defendant was
deprived of medical advice and the only evidence on that aspect was given by
the plaintiff’s doctors, there would be “no way by which the balance [between
the plaintiff and the defendant could] be adjusted”, for if the trial judge
found the plaintiff’s doctors credible, he would have to follow their
evidence. It appears that the same position regarding the evaluation of
uncontroverted expert evidence will be taken in Singapore. In _Saeng-Un Udom v
Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 1, the Court of Appeal accepted the
following principle at [26]:

_The court should not, when confronted with expert evidence which is unopposed
and appears not to be obviously lacking in defensibility, reject it
nevertheless and prefer to draw its own inferences. While the court is not
obliged to accept expert evidence by reason only that it is unchallenged (Sek
Kim Wah v PP_[1987] SLR 107 _), if the court finds that the evidence is based
on sound grounds and supported by the basic facts, it can do little else than
to accept the evidence._[emphasis in original]

Therefore, I find that Gleneagles’ request that Li submit to an examination by
a psychiatrist to be appointed by Gleneagles is reasonable, as Gleneagles
might otherwise be unfairly disadvantaged.

(2) Whether the alleged depression is a new allegation

37 It is established in case law that whether the alleged medical condition is
a new allegation is a factor to be taken into account in determining the
reasonableness of the defendant’s conduct. In _Edmeades_ at 71, Lord Denning
found that the defendant’s request that the plaintiff submit to medical
examination was reasonable given that they were faced with “a new allegation
which had not been made in the statement of claim”.

38 There is a dispute between Li and Gleneagles as to whether Li’s allegation
of depression was a new allegation. As noted earlier at [8], it was pleaded in
Li’s SOC that Gleneagles’ actions had caused him “considerable anger, outrage
and distress”. In Li’s AEIC affirmed on 22 August 2011, he prayed that
aggravated damages be awarded to him as he was “extremely distressed and
underwent much suffering”; and suffered “mental distress and pain” when he
found out that his medical records were falsified.[note: 3]

39 Subsequently, as noted above at [10], depression was alleged in addition to
distress in Li’s AEIC affirmed on 17 February 2012. This was supported by an
AEIC by a psychiatric expert on behalf of Li (“Li’s expert”) affirmed on 20
February 2012 (“Li’s expert’s AEIC”), which provided an expert opinion that Li
exhibited symptoms in the “severe range of Depression [sic]” which had evolved
into a “chronic unremitting course”.[note: 4] Li’s expert also noted that Li’s
depression had origins “beyond the physical disability” suffered by Li,[note:
5]_ie_ , his depression was not just caused by Dr Looi but was caused in part
by Gleneagles’ acts.

40 According to Gleneagles, it was “taken by surprise” by Li’s allegation of
depression as Li had not previously pleaded that he had suffered depression as
a result of Gleneagles’ conduct.[note: 6] While Gleneagles concedes that Li
had pleaded that he was depressed as a result of Dr Looi’s conduct, its case
is that Li had only hitherto pleaded that he was _distressed_ as a result of
Gleneagles’ conduct. Counsel for Gleneagles argues that “distress” is not
synonymous with “depression” in the clinical sense of the word and that the
allegation of depression against Gleneagles was thus a new allegation.

41 The facts of the present case are similar to that of _Lane v Willis_ ,
where the plaintiff’s statement of claim had particularised minor physical
injuries and “nervous shock, depressive anxiety state”. Subsequently, the
plaintiff applied to amend the statement of claim to include particulars of
severe depression. Davies LJ noted at 329 that while some of the added
particulars in the statement of claim had been referred to in an earlier
doctor’s report, the allegations contained in the statement of claim were
nevertheless “very considerably expanded by the amendment”. As there was a
“substantial difference” between the injuries as originally pleaded and the
injuries pleaded after the amendment, it was found reasonable for the
defendant to ask for a psychiatric examination (_Lane v Willis_ at 332). It
can thus be seen that though the allegation of depression was not “new” _per
se_ as some form of depression had been originally pleaded in the statement of
claim, this did not bar a finding that the defendant’s request was reasonable
given the subsequent expansion on the severity of depression suffered.

42 Turning back to the present case, in my view, even if distress is a symptom
of depression, a claim of distress nonetheless substantially differs from a
claim of severe depression, which suffices for a finding of a new allegation.
Therefore, on this factor, the request for Li to be examined by a psychiatrist
to be appointed by Gleneagles is reasonable.

(3) Delay

43 This concerns the time lapse between the discovery of the allegation of a
new medical condition and the request for a medical examination on the new
medical condition.

44 In the present case, Li’s SOC containing the allegation of distress was
filed on 16 March 2009. Li’s expert AEIC was filed on 21 February 2012. While
Gleneagles filed objections to Li’s expert’s AEIC on 5 March 2012, no
objections were raised as to Li’s allegation that he suffered depression. It
was only on 12 April 2012 that counsel for Gleneagles wrote a letter to Li
proposing that Li be submitted to an examination by a psychiatric expert to be
appointed by Gleneagles, a suggestion which Li rejected. The time lapse
between the SOC and the request for the psychiatric examination was thus
approximately three years, and the present summons for an order for medical
examination was taken out very close to the dates that were initially fixed
for the AD. I will examine the effect of delay in case law.

45 In _Lane v Willis_ , Davies LJ observed that there had been “considerable
delay on the part of the defendant” (at 332). A timeline of the relevant
events will illustrate this (see _Lane v Willis_ at 333). The incident giving
rise to the plaintiff’s claim took place on 16 May 1968. On 13 September 1968,
the plaintiff’s solicitors had sent the defendant’s solicitors a report which
made it clear that a neurosis element was subsisting. This was followed by a
second letter which again made plain that the neurosis element was subsisting
and was serious. The plaintiff was also examined by the defendant’s
neurologist. The statement of claim was then served on 16 June 1969. An
amendment to the statement of claim followed on 5 February 1971, and this
enlarged the gravity of the neurosis aspect of the claim (see above at [41]).
The defendant’s neurologist then examined the plaintiff on a further two
occasions. On 22 July 1971 the defendant made a request for the plaintiff to
be examined by a psychiatrist on the defendant’s behalf. It can thus be seen
that the defendant was aware of the neurosis claim as early as 13 September
1968 but took approximately 2 years and 10 months to request for the
psychiatric examination, despite having sight of two medical reports from the
plaintiff detailing the neurosis element and despite having its own
neurologist examine the plaintiff three times. Even so, this was not fatal to
the finding that the defendant’s request was reasonable in that case.

46 _Lane v Willis_ can be distinguished from the present case. The defendant
in _Lane v Willis_ had sight of two medical reports from the plaintiff which
mentioned a serious neurosis element even before the plaintiff filed his
statement of claim. In the present case, Li’s expert’s AEIC was filed
considerably later in the course of proceedings. Li’s expert’s AEIC would have
been the first time a claim of depression (as opposed to distress, which is
not a psychiatric condition) was raised against Gleneagles, and within a month
of receiving Li’s expert’s medical report Gleneagles requested that Li submit
to a medical examination by an expert to be appointed by Gleneagles. The
operative delay here is thus _less than a month_. Further, in _Lane v Willis_
, the defendant’s neurologist had examined the plaintiff three times but in
the present case no expert has ever examined Li on Gleneagles’ behalf. Even
though the defendant’s conduct of the case in _Lane v Willis_ was arguably
more worthy of reproach than in the present case (and indeed, in _Lane v
Willis_ at 334, Sachs LJ expressed disapproval at the way the defendant had
handled the matter), as noted in the preceding paragraph, the defendant’s
request for a medical examination was still found reasonable.

47 Bearing in mind that Gleneagles might be unfairly disadvantaged in its
conduct of the AD if it is unable to obtain an expert opinion (see above at
[22]), and that its right to defend to defend itself in litigation might thus
be compromised, I find that the delay does not in itself show that Gleneagles’
request that Li submit himself to a medical examination is unreasonable. This
is especially so when it is noted that Gleneagles’ request for medical
examination was done _within a month_ of receiving Li’s expert’s medical
report.

48 Even though delay does not bar an order for medical examination, I am of
the view that in general, a party seeking an order for medical examination
would do well to apply for such an order as soon as possible after they become
aware of the new allegation, and should do so before trial dates have been
set. This will promote proper and efficient administration of justice.

(4) Whether a request for medical examination is only reasonable in cases of
personal injury

49 Li’s case is that a medical examination is mainly applicable when the
matter involves a claim of personal injury. Counsel cites _Starr_ for this
proposition, where it was held (at 69) that it was clearly established that if
the defendant in a _personal injury_ case made a reasonable request for the
plaintiff to be medically examined, the plaintiff should accede to the request
unless he has reasonable ground for objecting to that particular doctor. As
Li’s claim against Gleneagles was not for personal injury, counsel for Li
submits that Gleneagles’ request for a medical was not reasonable. In reply,
counsel for Gleneagles noted that a Stay had been ordered pursuant to a
request for medical examination in the _Jackson_ case which involved a
defamation claim and not a claim for personal injury.

50 While I accept Li’s point that cases in which orders for medical
examinations were granted have mainly been personal injury cases, I find that
this point does not advance Li’s case. The fact that orders for medical
examinations have been granted mainly in personal injury cases does not go so
far as to suggest that requests for medical examinations are always
unreasonable in non-personal injury cases. As counsel for Gleneagles has
rightly pointed out, orders for medical examination have been made in non-
personal injury cases, such as _Jackson_. For the reasons given above (see
[36] in particular), I find that the request for medical examination in the
instant case is reasonable, so as to enable Gleneagles to properly conduct its
case.

Reasonableness of Li’s refusal

(1) Whether there is reasonable objection to the nature of the medical
examination

51 In _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ at para 25/3/11, it is noted that when a
medical examination would be “oppressive”, the court may exercise its
discretion against granting a Stay. A similar point is made in _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ (GP Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ ”) at para 40A/1/3 where it is stated that if
the proposed examination is “unpleasant, painful or risky” the court will be
reluctant to order a stay. This proposition was derived from _Prescott v
Bulldog Tools Ltd_ [1981] 3 All ER 869 (“ _Prescott v Bulldog_ ”) where it was
found (at 876) that the risks reasonably apprehended by the plaintiff were of
a substantial risk of not insubstantial discomfort and minimal though real
risks of “not insubstantial and possibly serious injury or injuries to
health”. The discomfort in that case was of giddiness and nausea and vomiting,
while the injury to health was that of a radiation dosage and puncture of the
ear membrane (_Prescott v Bulldog_ at 873).

52 Risks of physical injury of such nature and degree are not present in the
instant case given that the proposed medical examination is a psychiatric
examination. Even so, psychiatric examinations may risk further psychiatric
injury. However, Li has not pleaded that the examination by Gleneagles would
cause him further psychiatric injury. While every medical examination
inevitably carries the risk of a degree of discomfort, the party refusing
medical examination needs to show that the risk of discomfort or injury to
health is reasonably apprehended as substantial. As this has not been shown, I
find that Li’s refusal of the medical examination is not reasonable on this
ground.

53 Further, I note that Li’s expert has already conducted a psychiatric
examination on him. If an expert appointed by Gleneagles is prevented from
conducting a similar examination, there would be “one law for plaintiff[s] and
another for defendants” (_Prescott v Bulldog_ at 876). This cannot be so.

(2) Whether there is reasonable objection to the medical examiner

54 In _Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at para 40A/1/3, it is stated that if
the particular medical expert is likely to conduct his examination or make his
report “unkindly or unfavourably” then a Stay should not be ordered. This is
derived from _Starr_ where it was held (at 72) that if the plaintiff could
prove that he had a reasonable apprehension that the defendant’s choice of
doctor might make a just determination of the cause “more difficult than it
would be if another doctor conducted the examination” this goes towards a
finding that the plaintiff’s refusal was reasonable.

55 In the present case, Gleneagles has not nominated any particular doctor,
but has simply applied for the medical examination to be conducted by a
psychiatric expert “to be appointed” by itself. Counsel for Li argues that as
Gleneagles is a hospital, there is a “ _prima facie_ risk” that any
psychiatric expert to be appointed by Gleneagles would have a “pecuniary or
commercial relationship” with Gleneagles thus compromising the impartiality of
the medical examination.[note: 7] Against this, counsel for Gleneagles argues
that the credibility of its appointed expert is an issue that could be taken
up at the AD hearing.

56 I would be slow to say that there is _prima facie_ risk that _any_ expert
appointed by Gleneagles would fail to be impartial owing to a pecuniary or
commercial relationship with Gleneagles. The fact that Gleneagles _might_
appoint an expert that _might not_ be impartial is, in my view, insufficient
to amount a reasonable objection as it relies on a _hypothetical_ situation.
If Gleneagles appoints a non-impartial expert, objection can properly be
taken, but the proper forum for this would be at the AD when the situation has
crystallised, and not at the present application. While it is “safer to offer
the plaintiff a choice of doctors” (_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at para
40A/1/3), the failure to do in this case is not fatal. It would be different
if there was a named expert against whom there were substantiated submissions
that he had “difficulty in providing reports which are not misleading”
(_Starr_ at 72).

Conclusion

57 Having examined the relevant factors, I find that Gleneagles’ request that
Li submit himself for an examination by a psychiatric expert to be appointed
by Gleneagles is reasonable, and that Li’s refusal to submit to the medical
examination is unreasonable. I thus give leave for Gleneagles’ psychiatric
expert to file an AEIC on behalf of Gleneagles and direct that the action be
stayed pending completion of a reasonable psychiatric examination on Li which
is reasonably required by Gleneagles’ appointed expert.

58 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]SOC para 73

[note: 2]Li’s AEIC affirmed on 17 February 2012 at para 41

[note: 3]Li’s AEIC affirmed on 22 August 2011 at para 88

[note: 4]Dr Lim Yun Chin affirmed on 20 February 2012 at p 8

[note: 5]Dr Lim Yun Chin affirmed on 20 February 2012 at p 7

[note: 6]June Hong’s AEIC affirmed on 19 April 2012 at para 5

[note: 7]Li’s submissions dated 26 April 2012 at para 24

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

