Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Jinsung Construction Co Ltd Singapore Branch _v_ Roko Trading Pte Ltd and
another and another suit  
[2012] SGHC 50

Case Number| :| Suits Nos 716 and 641 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 09 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Shiever Subramanium Ramachandran (Grays LLC) for the
plaintiff; Prabhakaran s/o Narayanan Nair (Derrick Wong Lim BC LLP) for the
defendants in Suit 716/2010; Chopra Sarbjit Singh (Lim & Lim) for the
defendants in Suit 641/2010.  
Parties| :|  Jinsung Construction Co Ltd Singapore Branch — Roko Trading Pte
Ltd and another  
  
9 March 2012| Judgment Reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This consolidated suit centres around a claim in Suit No 716 of 2010 by
Jinsung Construction Co Ltd Singapore Branch (“the plaintiff”) against Roko
Trading Pte Ltd (“the first defendant”) and Choi Sung Jong (“the second
defendant”) (collectively “the defendants”), for the conversion of a piece of
construction equipment called the SR-90 Hydraulic Drilling Rig and its
component parts (“the equipment”). The second defendant was at all material
times the sole shareholder and the main director of the first defendant (the
other director being his wife). As the first defendant has admitted liability
for the plaintiff’s claim, the trial before me was solely to determine whether
the second defendant should be made personally liable for the plaintiff’s
claim.

Facts

2 The equipment was kept in a storage facility owned by Tiong Woon Crane Pte
Ltd (“Tiong Woon Crane”) who is the defendant in Suit No 641 of 2010 (since
been discontinued). In and around February 2010, the second defendant was
instrumental in arranging for the equipment to be stored at Tiong Woon Crane’s
facility. When the second defendant found out subsequently that the plaintiff
had difficulty selling the equipment, he thought he would be able to make a
quick profit by buying the equipment (at what he believed to be a bargain
price), and on-selling it at a higher price. Therefore, on 17 May 2010, the
plaintiff and the first defendant entered into an agreement for the sale of
the equipment to the first defendant (“the agreement”) at the price of $1.5m.
Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, a deposit ($150,000) was paid to the
plaintiff, with the balance ($1.35m) to be paid within sixty days after the
signing of the agreement.

3 As it turned out, the market was not in the defendants’ favour, and the
second defendant found it difficult to sell the equipment. He thus decided to
sell the equipment in two separate parts. First, on 7 June 2010, the first
defendant entered into an agreement with ZYG Investment Pte Ltd (“ZYG”) to
sell one part of the equipment for $350,000. Subsequently, on 2 August 2010,
the first defendant entered into another agreement with Soilmec Far East Pte
Ltd (“Soilmec”), to sell the remaining part of the equipment for $800,000.

4 However, those transactions were not made known to the plaintiff, which was,
understandably, anxious about the payment of the balance sum of $1.35m. A
series of emails were thus sent to the second defendant by the plaintiff in
July, reminding him about the payment obligation under the agreement. In
particular, on 21 July 2010, as payment for the balance sum of $1.35m had not
been forthcoming, the plaintiff sent an email to the first defendant, with an
official letter attached demanding payment. The second defendant’s response
throughout, as evinced by his emails sent on 14 July 2010 and 3 August 2010,
was to state that he was encountering difficulties in selling the equipment,
and to ask for payment to be delayed. At no point was the plaintiff informed
of the fact that the first defendant had, in fact, already sold the equipment
in parts to ZYG and Soilmec.

5 The matter eventually came to a head when the second defendant sent an email
to the plaintiff on 12 August 2010, proposing that the first defendant make
payment of the sum of $600,000, in full and final settlement of the payment
obligation under the agreement, since the market conditions were
“unfavourable”. The plaintiff tersely replied that this was unacceptable.
Sensing that something was amiss, the plaintiff first sent an email to Tiong
Woon Crane on the same day, instructing the company not to release the
equipment. It later sent its own representative to the storage site to check
on the equipment. To its horror, the plaintiff found that the machine was
missing.

6 The plaintiff then approached the second defendant on 13 August 2010 to seek
an explanation about the missing equipment, to which the second defendant
responded by giving the plaintiff an ultimatum to accept $600,000 or nothing
at all. As a result, the plaintiff commenced these proceedings.

The submissions

The plaintiff

7 Although the first defendant had admitted liability for the plaintiff’s
claim in conversion, the plaintiff sought to persuade the court to find the
second defendant personally liable as well. In essence, the plaintiff’s case
was that the second defendant was the controlling mind and spirit of the first
defendant, and was intimately involved in the entire chain of events leading
to the conversion of the equipment. He should not therefore be allowed to
evade responsibility by hiding himself behind the corporate veil.

The second defendant

8 In contrast, the second defendant emphasized that the agreement was always
between the plaintiff and the first defendant - at no time did he assume
personal liability. He asserted that at the end of the day, the debt was an
ordinary trading debt between the two companies, and there was no sound reason
to justify the lifting of the corporate veil. The second defendant also
claimed that the plaintiff had not specifically pleaded for the veil of
incorporation to be lifted.

The evidence

The plaintiff’s case

9 The plaintiff’s first witness was Choi Jong Im (“Ms Choi”), who is a senior
manager of the plaintiff. While Ms Choi conceded under cross-examination by
counsel for the defendants (Mr Prabhakaran) that it was one Yi Jin Su (who has
since left the plaintiff company) (“Yi”) who was personally involved in the
correspondence with the second defendant, I accepted that Ms Choi was capable
of giving evidence for the plaintiff since she was at all material times in
charge of, and oversaw, the plaintiff’s operations in Singapore. In
particular, she had oversight, and kept track of Yi’s dealings with the
defendants.

10 Mr Prabhakaran focused much of his cross-examination of Ms Choi, on trying
to establish that the handing over of the keys to the first defendant on 25
May 2010, pursuant to a term in the agreement that the keys were to be so
handed over once the 10% deposit was paid, signified that title and ownership
of the equipment had passed over to the first defendant. That was an attempt
by the second defendant to undermine the plaintiff’s claim that the equipment
had been converted by the defendants, which was a most puzzling course of
action, not least because the first defendant had already admitted liability
for conversion. The focus of the trial was on the extent and nature of the
second defendant’s involvement in the entire transaction and not whether
ownership had passed with the handing over of the keys. Given that the first
defendant had admitted liability for conversion, the position must be taken to
be that the parties did not intend ownership to pass on the handing over of
the keys.

11 Subsequently, in response to Mr Prabhakaran’s question about why the
plaintiff sought to hold the second defendant personally liable, Ms Choi
testified that all the email exchanges between the plaintiff and the second
defendant revealed that the second defendant was the person who was
orchestrating the entire transaction. In addition, she also testified that the
second defendant’s conduct had been highly questionable throughout, and was
indicative of an individual who was trying to exploit the commercial situation
to his own advantage.

12 The plaintiff’s second witness was Thomas Sommerville (“Sommerville”), who
was engaged by the plaintiff to try and locate the equipment after the
plaintiff’s suspicions about the whereabouts of the equipment were aroused. As
Sommerville admitted during cross-examination that he had no personal
knowledge of the dealings between the plaintiff and the defendants, his
evidence was not helpful for the purpose of determining whether the second
defendant ought to be held personally liable.

13 The plaintiff’s last witness was John Tan (“Tan”). Tan was the commercial
manager of Tiong Woon Crane, and had dealt with the second defendant in
relation to the transportation and storage of the equipment. Tan testified
that the second defendant had been involved with the transaction from the very
beginning and that he had dealt extensively with the second defendant in
matters relating to the equipment. Tan also testified that the second
defendant had represented to him that the second defendant was the owner of
the equipment.

The second defendant’s case

14 The only witness for his case was the second defendant himself. At the
outset, I should mention that, language difficulties aside, the second
defendant was an extreme evasive and difficult witness. To take a simple
example, when questioned by counsel for the plaintiff Mr Subramanium (“Mr
Subra”), on whether he knew about the pricing of the equipment, the second
defendant initially claimed that he did not know. That was in spite of the
fact that he had earlier claimed to understand machines like the equipment, by
virtue of his professional training as a marine engineer. It was only when he
was confronted with the evidence stated in his own affidavit that he had
purchased the equipment from the plaintiff as he “thought it was a bargain”,
that the second defendant conceded knowing about the pricing of the equipment
in the market.

15 In addition, the second defendant also showed himself to be prone to
vacillating from one position to another. While he had stated in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief (“the AEIC”) that he was not involved in the dealings
between Tiong Woon Crane and the plaintiff beyond introducing Tiong Woon Crane
to the plaintiff, this was contradicted by the evidence of Tan, who had
testified that he had dealt extensively with the second defendant regarding
the equipment. Indeed, it was only when it was pointed out that Tan had
testified that the second defendant had been in constant contact with Tan from
the beginning regarding the storage of the equipment, that the second
defendant eventually conceded the extent of his involvement in the matter.

16 It was also revealed during cross-examination, and despite the second
defendant’s initial taciturn answers, that the second defendant had known that
the plaintiff was facing financial difficulties at the time of the sale and
was in need of money urgently. That would explain the second defendant’s
motives in acting in the way he did, which I will elaborate on later.

17 Notably, the second defendant was shown to be less than forthright in
relation to the dealings with ZYG and Soilmec. Initially, the second defendant
had stated in his AEIC that he had found it difficult to sell or dispose of
the equipment after purchasing it from the defendant. However, as Mr Subra
pointed out during cross-examination, the second defendant had managed to sell
part of the equipment to ZYG by 7 June 2010, less than one month after the
agreement was signed. The second defendant’s explanation that he was
referring, in his AEIC, to the fact that it was difficult to dispose of the
equipment as a whole, rather than in parts, was hardly convincing since the
plaintiff had never indicated that it wanted the equipment sold as a whole to
one party.

18 The second defendant also conceded that he had not informed the plaintiff
of the sale to ZYG and Soilmec. Indeed, while the second defendant had
finalised the sale to ZYG on 7 June 2010, and was in the midst of finalising
the deal with Soilmec, when pressed by the plaintiff for payment, the second
defendant not only kept silent about the ZYG and Soilmec deals, but asked for
an extension of the payment deadline.

The findings

19 I return now to the second defendant’s motives, which appeared to me as
being quite insidious when seen in context. As discussed at [16] above, the
second defendant knew that the plaintiff was facing serious financial
difficulties and was in urgent need of payment of the balance sum of $1.35m
from the agreement. Yet despite having sold the equipment in parts to ZYG and
Soilmec, albeit at a loss ($1.15m), the second defendant deliberately
concealed that fact from the plaintiff and further delayed payment, only to
eventually offer the plaintiff the reduced sum of $600,000 in full and final
settlement of his payment obligation under the agreement. Indeed, in an email
dated 14 July 2010, after concluding the deal with ZYG and while in the midst
of finalising the Soilmec deal, the second defendant had represented to the
plaintiff that the “unfavourable conditions of Singapore have made it
difficult to finalize a deal (_sic_)”. The plaintiff was so misled by the
second defendant’s representations and driven to desperation that it had, by
an email sent on 5 August 2010 to the second defendant, actually recommended
another Korean company as a possible buyer.

20 At the same time, in the sales agreement concluded with Soilmec, the
defendants had certified that they were “the legal owner” of the equipment and
that the equipment was “free of financial encumbrances”. This was despite the
fact that the balance sum of $1.35m was still due to the plaintiff under the
agreement.

21 It was evident that the second defendant’s chain of conduct was part of a
deliberate and reprehensible scheme to evade the payment obligation under the
agreement. Having found out that the plaintiff was facing financial
difficulty, the second defendant had hoped to profit by entering into the
agreement with the plaintiff, at what he believed to be a bargain price,
before on-selling it at a higher price. It must be remembered that this was a
high-risk manoeuvre as the purchase from the plaintiff was essentially on
credit, since he paid only 10% of the purchase price, and no more. When it
transpired that he could only sell the equipment at a loss, he decided to
embark on a course of deception, by keeping his subsales from the plaintiff.
As he was aware that the plaintiff was in a serious cash-flow situation, he
thought he would be able to compel the plaintiff to accept a paltry $600,000
in full and final satisfaction of the remaining 90% of the purchase price,
thereby allowing himself to still profit from the transaction.

22 The second defendant himself had admitted in court that his conduct was
reprehensible and dishonest:

Court: |  All right, you didn’t pay the plaintiffs the balance 90%. Then you tell the plaintiffs, “Sorry, I have changed my mind, I’m only willing to pay you 600,000”. That’s what you did, didn’t you?  
---|---  
Witness: |  Yah, this is the...not fair.  
Court:  |  You are telling me not fair, but you come to Court and say you don’t have to pay.  
Witness: |  Yes.  
  
  

The issue

23 Nevertheless, as the second defendant is seeking to hide behind the
corporate veil of the first defendant company, the issue remains whether the
circumstances are such that the second defendant ought to be held personally
liable.

The law

24 The leading local authority on this point is _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz
Andrea Heidi and another_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543 (“ _TV Media Pte Ltd_ ”). In _TV
Media Pte Ltd_ at [117] and [118], the Court of Appeal stated:

117 A fundamental tenet of company law is that a company is a separate legal
entity from its members or shareholders. As such, the members are not liable
to be sued in respect of a breach of the company’s obligations: _Salomon v A
Solomon and Co, Ltd_ [1897] AC 22. In an extension of this principle, the
courts have held that proof of the commission of a tort by a company does not
automatically prove that the directors who manage its affairs are also guilty
of the tort: _Rainham Chemical Works, Ltd v Belvedere Fish Guano Co Ltd_
[1921] 2 AC 465, _Gabriel Peter & Partners_ v _Wee Chong Jin_ [1997] 3 SLR(R)
649.

118 The law has carved out an exception to this principle. Where directors
order an act by the company which amounts to a tort by the company, they may
be liable as joint tortfeasors on the basis that they have “procured or
directed” the wrong to be done: _Performing Right Society, Ltd v Ciryl
Theatrical Syndicate, Ltd_ [1924] 1 KB 1.

25 In its analysis of whether or not the director in that case was deemed to
have ‘procured or directed’ the wrong, the Court of Appeal considered the
following facts material:

(a) The fact that the director was the founder, director and president of the
company, “its one constant director and shareholder from its inception”. In
other words, he had absolute control of the company (see [132], [133] and
[140] of _TV Media Pte Ltd_);

(b) The total involvement of the director in the company’s negligence (see
[134] and [138] of _TV Media Pte Ltd_); and

(c) That the director had represented the company in all significant deals
with third parties (see [136] of _TV Media Pte Ltd_).

26 At the end, the Court of Appeal at [144] recognised that the issue of a
director’s personal liability for his company’s torts involves the
consideration of difficult policy questions, and that these considerations
must be weighed in the balance, taking into account the factual situation at
hand. In particular, the court must look at the level of the director’s
involvement in the tort and the extent to which he was the controlling mind
and spirit of the company (see [144] and [145] of _TV Media Pte Ltd_).

27 In other words, two critical elements must be satisfied in order for a
director to be held personally liable, as a joint tortfeasor, for a tort
committed by his company. First, the director must be the company’s
controlling mind and spirit. Second, he must have ‘procured or directed’ the
commission of the tort by the company.

The decision

28 With the above principles in mind, I turn now to consider the second
defendant’s position in the present case. There is no question that the second
defendant was, at all material time, the controlling mind and spirit of the
first defendant. He was at all material time the sole shareholder and the main
director of the first defendant. The registered address of the first
defendant, all the way up till 14 July 2010, was at 18 Lentor Green Singapore
789267, the second defendant’s home address. There is no doubt that the first
defendant company was essentially a “one-man show”, with the second defendant
alone running its business.

29 Next, I turn to consider the extent of the second defendant’s involvement
in the conversion of the equipment. Once again, there can be no doubt that it
was the second defendant who directed and procured the commission of the tort.
His involvement was total. First, it was he who convinced the plaintiff to
enter into the agreement with the first defendant. He drafted and prepared the
agreement for the plaintiff to sign. He not only represented the first
defendant in dealings with Tiong Woon Crane, but was also responsible for
arranging for the equipment to be stored at Tiong Woon Crane’s premises. In
all the correspondence exchanged with the plaintiff, he deliberately hid the
fact that the equipment had been sold to ZYG and Soilmec, while simultaneously
misrepresenting to ZYG that the first defendant owned the equipment, and that
it was free of any financial encumbrance. And it was the second defendant who
eventually suggested to the plaintiff, when it was clear that the plaintiff
was in desperate need of cash, that the plaintiff accept a payment of $600,000
in full and final settlement of its claim to the balance payment under the
agreement, despite the fact that the equipment had already been sold for a
total sum of $1.15m.

30 In other words, the factual situation in the present case was on all fours
with that in _TV Media Pte Ltd_. The second defendant had absolute control of
the first defendant and his involvement in the conversion by the first
defendant of the plaintiff’s equipment was not merely great but total.

31 I should also address the second defendant’s (technical) objection that the
plaintiff did not plead specifically for the corporate veil to be lifted. In
_TV Media Pte Ltd_ , the court dealt with exactly the same objection (at
[119]), and explained that the fact that the plaintiff was claiming against
the director personally for the company’s tort, was akin to asking the court
to lift the company’s corporate veil. That objection was accordingly disposed
of by the Court of Appeal. In the present case, I saw no reason not to do
likewise.

Conclusion

32 In the light of my findings, I hold that the second defendant is personally
liable for the conversion of the equipment, as a joint tortfeasor together
with the first defendant, on the basis that he had ‘procured or directed’ the
wrong. Although the plaintiff’s statement of claim prayed for damages from the
defendants (in addition to delivery up of the equipment which relief is now
moot in view of the equipment’s sale), it serves little purpose to award the
plaintiff interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed by the Registrar
at a later date. The plaintiff’s loss arising from the second defendant’s
conversion of the equipment was the balance sale price of $1.35m. That being
the plaintiff’s loss, the final judgment is for that amount. Accordingly, the
plaintiff is awarded final judgment against the second defendant in the sum of
$1.35m for the outstanding balance of the equipment’s sale price together with
interest from the date of the writ, namely 17 September 2010, and with costs
on a standard basis.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

