Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQS _v_ AQR  
[2012] SGCA 3

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 19 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anparasan s/o Kamachi and Sharanjit Kaur (KhattarWong)
for the appellant; Ranjit Singh (Francis Khoo and Lim) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  AQS — AQR  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 139.]

12 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against the ancillary orders made by the High Court Judge
(“the Judge”) in _AQR v AQS_ [2011] SGHC 139 (the “GD”) pursuant to the
parties’ divorce. The appellant is the wife (“the wife”) and the respondent is
the husband (“the husband”). The parties had their marriage dissolved by
Interim Judgment on 30 March 2010. The Judge made her ancillary orders on 14
January 2011. We heard the parties on 30 September 2011 and allowed the appeal
in part. We now set out the grounds for our decision.

Facts

The marriage

2 The husband is an American citizen of German origin. The wife is a
Vietnamese citizen. Both have been Singapore Permanent Residents since 18
January 2002\. At the time of the ancillaries, the husband was 50 years old
and the wife 42 years old.

3 The parties met in 1993 in Hanoi where the husband was working for a foreign
company and the wife was employed as a hotel bar waitress. They married in
Hanoi on 22 August 1996.

4 At the time, the wife was a single parent with a daughter, [C]), whom she
had had in 1990 out of wedlock. At the time of the hearing before us, [C] was
20 years old. It was undisputed that the husband financially supported and
cared for [C] as part of the matrimonial household since the parties married.

5 The parties moved to Singapore in February 1998 when the husband found a job
in Singapore. Their only child, [B] was born in Singapore in July 1999. At the
time of the hearing before us, she was 12 years old.

6 During the subsistence of the marriage, the wife was a full-time homemaker
and the husband worked as a director of sales in an American company in
Singapore.

The matrimonial home and the Memorandum signed by husband on 5 April 2006

7 The matrimonial home at [address redacted] (“the matrimonial flat”) was
acquired between 2005 and 2006. The Option to Purchase the matrimonial flat
(“the Option”), dated 14 December 2005, was originally in the husband’s sole
name.[note: 1] The exercise of the Option, dated 28 December 2005, was however
in the names of both the husband and wife.[note: 2] Subsequently, the
husband’s solicitors wrote a letter dated 27 February 2006 to the solicitors
of the vendors of the matrimonial flat, stating that they had received
instructions from the husband and wife that the conveyance was to be in the
wife’s sole name. The reason for this was a “private family arrangement”
between the husband and wife. [note: 3] The husband also wrote a letter, dated
20 March 2006, to his property agent directing that the matrimonial flat be
transferred to the sole name of the wife.[note: 4] Significance was placed by
the wife as to the aforesaid sequence of events.

8 Furthermore, on 5 April 2006, the husband signed a memorandum “To Whom It
May Concern” (“the 5 April 2006 Memorandum”) where he stated that:[note: 5]

I, [the husband], hereby certify that, in case of a divorce between my wife,
[the wife], and me, the paramount decision on dividing assets is the future
wellbeing of our children, [C] and [B].

Therefore, I will commit to leaving 70% of our common assets at the time of
divorce at the disposal of my wife and my children.

9 The 5 April 2006 Memorandum was signed only by the husband. The wife relied
heavily on this 5 April 2006 Memorandum in the ancillaries below and in the
appeal before us.

The breakdown of the marriage

10 The husband left the matrimonial flat in December 2006 after a domestic
conflict.

11 Unusually, [C] left the matrimonial flat to live with him. [C] gave
evidence that[note: 6]:

When I found out the [husband] was moving out of the home, I had voluntarily
asked him if I could move out together with him as I have been very
traumatised by the [wife’s] behaviour and abuse, pushing me into depression,
and I no longer wanted to live in constant fear of being attacked by her
everyday.

12 However, the husband continued to return to the matrimonial flat and
interacting with the wife and [B], including helping [B] with her homework and
even having sexual relations with the wife,[note: 7] though their relationship
continued to be problematic. The husband’s Statement of Particulars in the
divorce suit (see below at [13]) – in both the original and amended versions –
included lengthy details of the wife’s unreasonable behaviour both before and
after December 2006 when he left the matrimonial flat.

13 The husband filed for divorce on 25 April 2008 on the basis of s 95(3)(b)
of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)(the “Women’s Charter”), _ie_ ,
that the wife had behaved in such a way that the husband could not reasonably
be expected to live with her. The wife initially contested the divorce and
filed a defence on 13 June 2008. Subsequently, however, parties agreed to an
Amended Statement of Particulars[note: 8], and the husband’s suit proceeded on
an uncontested basis on the ground of the wife’s unreasonable behaviour.
Interim Judgment was granted on 30 March 2010.

The ancillary proceedings

14 As at the date of the ancillary hearing, the husband resided at rented
premises which he had leased at $2,700 per month for his own and [C]’s
accommodation. The wife resided at the matrimonial flat with [B], and it was
undisputed that the husband nevertheless continued to pay for all the
outgoings of the matrimonial flat.

15 The custody, care and control and access to [C] were never issues in the
ancillary proceedings. The wife requested that no order be made in respect of
the custody, care and control, and access of [C].[note: 9] At the time of the
hearing before us, [C] was still living with the husband and being financially
supported by the husband.

16 The ancillary matters that came up for hearing before the Judge pertained
to:

(a) Custody, care and control of [B];

(b) Division of the matrimonial assets including the matrimonial flat; and

(c) Maintenance for the wife.

17 The husband and wife eventually consented to joint custody of [B] with care
and control to the wife.

The assets

18 Only four assets were really in contention in the ancillaries.

19 The first asset was the matrimonial flat. Both the husband and wife claimed
a 100% share of this in the division of matrimonial assets.

20 The second and third assets were two properties the parties had acquired in
Australia (“Gracemere Gardens” and “Gracemere Waters” respectively;
collectively “the two Australian Properties”). The husband asked for a 100%
share in these properties whereas the wife asked for 70%, allegedly in
accordance with the 5 April 2006 Memorandum, or in the alternative at least
50% as a “just and equitable” division.

21 The fourth asset was the various bank accounts of the parties _other than_
the bank accounts for the mortgage loans taken out for the matrimonial flat
and the two Australian properties. One bank account was in the husband’s sole
name, one in the wife’s sole name and the remaining four were in their joint
names, but it was undisputed that the husband was the exclusive source of
funds in all. The wife asked for an equal division of all the accounts in
credit.

22 The remaining properties owned by either or both parties – namely, the
wife’s properties in Vietnam, the bank accounts for the mortgage loans taken
out for the matrimonial flat and the two Australian properties, and the
parties’ respective CPF accounts – were not in dispute.

23 The wife alleged that husband had not disclosed certain assets[note: 10]
such as bonuses, incentives, and other financial benefits under his employment
contract; insurance policies; other bank accounts; rental income from
Gracemere Gardens property; tax refunds; and stock options under Clause IIIA
of his Employment Contract[note: 11]. She also denied that he was liable to
pay tax to the US authorities, as he had claimed in his affidavits. However,
the Judge rightly held that the wife provided completely no documentary
evidence to back up such allegations, and the husband provided cogent
rebuttals of her assertions in the Plaintiff’s 3rd Affidavit (see GD at [34]).
The wife quite rightly dropped these assertions in the appeal before us.
However, the one matter she did pursue was her allegation that the husband
failed to disclose his stock options under Clause IIIA of his Employment
Contract. The Judge in [34] of the GD accepted the husband’s explanation that
his stock options had no value because the company had not gone public – his
company was a small start-up company and had no plans to go public and
therefore had not attached any monetary value to its stock. We will address
this further at [45] below.

Decision Below

24 Other than the matters pertaining to the custody, care and control of [B],
the Judge made, _inter alia_ , the following orders:

(a) The wife was to transfer to the husband all her rights, title, and
interest in the matrimonial flat as well as her rights, title and interest in
two Australian properties without consideration. The cost of transfer for all
three properties was to be borne by the husband;

(b) The husband was to pay the wife a lump sum maintenance of $250,000 as well
as a one-off payment of $10,000 to assist her in shifting out of the
matrimonial flat, totalling $260,000;

(c) The husband was to meet [B]’s expenses, including but not limited to
schools, tutors, school bus operators, guitar tutor, life and accident
insurance companies, handphone service operator, doctors and dentists, by
direct payment to these third parties or by GIRO arrangements;

(d) The husband was to continue to maintain [C] who was at liberty to continue
to reside with the husband;

(e) The wife, at the husband’s expense, was to seek counselling for anger
management for a period of six months from a psychiatrist whose services
should first be approved by the husband;

(f) Other than the transfer of the properties set out in (a) above, the
parties were to retain their assets which were in their sole names including
the wife’s two properties in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam.

(g) The wife was to remove her name from the two[note: 12] joint accounts
maintained by the husband.

Parties’ arguments

25 In the appeal before us, the wife argued:

(a) The Judge erred in holding that the wife had a violent disposition as
alleged by the husband and [C];

(b) The Judge erred by placing undue weight on the contents of the affidavit
of [C];

(c) The Judge erred in ordering all the matrimonial assets to be transferred
to the husband with no consideration to the wife;

(d) The Judge erred in concluding that the wife had failed to contribute
towards the welfare of the family for the duration of the marriage of 14
years;

(e) The Judge erred in concluding that the 5 April 2006 Memorandum was signed
by the husband under blackmail and as such was not binding;

(f) The Judge erred in finding that the transfer of the matrimonial flat to
the wife’s sole name was procured under duress and blackmail and was therefore
invalid;

(g) That the transfer of the matrimonial flat was a gift from the husband to
the wife;

(h) The Judge erred in finding that the wife had not made any contribution
towards the acquisition and improvement of the matrimonial assets;

(i) That the sum of $260,000 ordered to be paid as lump sum maintenance to the
wife was not fair or reasonable;

(j) That the Judge failed to give due weight to the wife’s expenditure, needs
and lifestyle when awarding $260,000 as lump sum maintenance for her; and

(k) The Judge erred by failing to make a maintenance order in respect of [B]
and ordering instead that the husband pays directly to third parties for her
expenses.

26 The husband argued:

(a) That the Judge was right in ordering the transfer of the matrimonial
properties to the husband with no consideration to the wife;

(b) That the matrimonial flat was not a gift to the wife;

(c) That the lump sum maintenance of $260,000 was fair and reasonable; and

(d) That the Judge’s order that the husband pay for [B]’s expenses directly to
third parties should be upheld.

Issues before this Court

27 As was apparent from the issues raised by the wife (at [25] above), and the
parties’ written submissions before us, there was extensive dispute between
the parties as to many aspects of their marriage, and many allegations on both
sides as to the conduct of the other. These ranged from whether the wife had a
violent disposition and whether the husband had many affairs and used
prostitutes to whether [C] chose to live with the husband because she had been
alienated by the wife’s violent behaviour or because the husband was having a
sexual relationship with her. _We should stress that these were irrelevant to
the real issues before us._ Ancillary proceedings should hardly encourage
parties, and should not be used by the parties, to engage in mudslinging and
dwelling on each other’s misconduct. However, the Judge did make many findings
of fact on the conduct of the parties, including finding that the husband’s
version of events was more credible than the wife’s (see GD at [29]), that the
wife was vindictive (see GD at [32]) and selfish (see GD at [37]) whereas the
husband was “not only selfless but magnanimous” (see GD at [38]). This perhaps
explained why the parties’ characters and conduct featured so significantly in
the wife’s appeal. Insofar as these findings of fact formed the basis of the
Judge’s order for the division of matrimonial assets, we will elaborate below
as to why we thought this was wrong in law. For now, we stress that despite
the various issues framed by the parties, there were really only four issues
before us:

(a) Whether the Judge’s orders with regard to the division of the matrimonial
assets should be upheld;

(b) Whether the Judge’s order for lump sum maintenance of $260,000 should be
upheld;

(c) Whether the Judge’s order that the husband pay for [B]’s expenses directly
to third parties should be upheld; and

(d) Whether the Judge’s order that the wife attend anger management
counselling with a psychiatrist approved by the husband, at the husband’s
expense, should be upheld;

Our decision

Division of matrimonial assets

28 When it comes to the division of matrimonial assets, an appellate court
will only overturn an order if it can be shown that the judge below had erred
in law or had clearly exercised his discretion wrongly or had taken into
account irrelevant considerations or had failed to take into account relevant
considerations (_Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal_ [2011]
2 SLR 1157 at [80] (“ _Nancy Tay_ ”)). In this case, before we turn to
consider the question of what a just and equitable division of the matrimonial
assets should be, we first deal with the wife’s arguments that (i) the
matrimonial home should be solely allotted to her because it was a gift from
the husband and (ii) 70% of all other matrimonial assets should be given to
her either because they were gifts to her or because they were the subject of
the 5 April 2006 Memorandum – more particularly, whether these precluded the
court from dividing the matrimonial assets in proportions we held to be just
and equitable.

Whether the matrimonial flat and 70% of all other matrimonial assets were
gifts to the wife and/or the subject of an agreement made in contemplation of
divorce

_The matrimonial flat_

29 The wife’s position was that she should be allowed to ‘retain’ the
matrimonial flat wholly because it was in her sole name, it being a gift from
the husband.

30 First and foremost, insofar as the wife’s arguments relied on the mere fact
that the matrimonial flat was in her sole name, they were irrelevant to the
question of division of matrimonial assets. Matrimonial assets by definition
include assets owned only by one party (s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter),
which are liable to division upon divorce. Moreover, while the wife was the
sole legal owner of the matrimonial flat, the husband was the sole equitable
owner because it was undisputed that he made all the financial contributions
towards its purchase. _The material question was whether placing the
matrimonial flat in his wife’s sole name evinced an intention on the part of
the husband to make a gift to the wife_. The Judge held that the husband had
no such intention. She accepted the husband’s explanation that at that time he
had only transferred the matrimonial flat to the wife’s sole name because he
feared that if he did not give in to her demands, she would subject him to
physical and mental torture and not allow him to see the two children (see GD
at [35]).

31 In our view, the wife’s explanation of the husband’s intention to gift her
the matrimonial home was somewhat unbelievable: she alleged that after the
Option was exercised in both their names, she “spoke to the Plaintiff and
reminded him of his assurances [made before their marriage, to provide her
with a house in their country of residence], and the Plaintiff gladly,
voluntarily, gave specific instruction to our solicitors to have the
matrimonial home registered in my name only.”[note: 13] Be that as it may, it
was not necessary for us to make any specific finding as to whether the
husband only transferred the matrimonial flat to her solely on account of
duress (however see [35] below) because _even if the husband did intend to
make a gift of the matrimonial flat to the wife, this did not in law preclude
it from being regarded as a matrimonial asset to be divided_ (_Yeo Gim Tong
Michael v Tianzon Lolita_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 633 at [12]). Where the courts have
exercised their discretion and not divided gifts made by one spouse to
another, circumstances were exceptional in the sense that the gift was made
for a specific purpose such that it would be inequitable to allow the giving
party to renege on the gift: for example, in _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 416 (see [75]-[78]), the husband made the gift to induce the
wife to halt the divorce proceedings against him; in _Lee Leh_ _Hua v Yip Kok
Leong_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 554 (“ _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ ”), the husband made the gift
specifically as compensation for abandoning his wife. That the circumstances
in _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ were exceptional was affirmed in _Yow Mee_ _Lan v Chen Kai
Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659 at [62], which also affirmed the general rule that
where one spouse makes a gift to the other, the court can still exercise its
powers to divide the gift as a “matrimonial asset” falling within s 112(10) of
the Women’s Charter. Ultimately, whether the court should decide to exercise
those powers depends on the particular circumstances before it, with the aim
of achieving a just and equitable division of matrimonial assets between the
parties.

32 In this case, there was no evidence that the husband gifted the matrimonial
flat to the wife for a specific purpose such that it would be inequitable for
the court to now divide the matrimonial flat between the parties. Of course,
we noted that the wife had argued that she originally married the husband in
1996 only on the basis of his promise to provide her with a house in her
country of residence and 70% of all matrimonial assets, but she adduced no
objective evidence of this whatsoever, other than what she asserted. In fact,
we found it difficult to believe her claim for the reasons which we elaborate
at [34]-[35] below.

_70% of all other matrimonial assets_

33 The wife further argued that she was entitled to 70% of all common assets
because the husband had expressly so promised her. According to her, this
agreement was evidenced by the 5 April 2006 Memorandum (referred to at [8]-[9]
above).

34 First, even accepting the fact that the husband had voluntarily agreed to
give the wife 70% of the matrimonial assets as gifts, as we already explained
at [31] above, those gifts were also liable to division as matrimonial assets
save for exceptional circumstances which did not arise in this case. Second,
insofar as this argument pertained to an agreement in contemplation of
divorce, the credibility of this argument was somewhat undermined by the
wife’s inconsistent accounts of the purported agreement. The wife argued below
that she agreed to marry the husband “on the assurances” that he would provide
her with a house in her country of residence and a 70% share in all other
assets acquired during the marriage”.[note: 14] However, there was completely
no evidence that this was the original basis of the marriage, with the wife’s
only evidence being the 5 April 2006 Memorandum[note: 15]. In the first place,
this begged the question as to why the memorandum was only signed some ten
years later on 5 April 2006 if it were the basis of the marriage in 1996. In
the second place, and more importantly, if her position was that the agreement
to give her a 70%-share in all common assets was the basis of the marriage in
1996, this was fundamentally inconsistent with what was clearly stated in the
5 April 2006 Memorandum that it was an agreement made _in contemplation of
divorce_ , for the purposes of s 112(2)(e) of the Women’s Charter.[note: 16]

35 In any case, an agreement between the parties made in contemplation of
divorce could not be decisive. It is only one of the factors listed in s
112(2) of the Women’s Charter that the court must take into account as part of
its overarching duty to reach a just and equitable division in light of all
the circumstances of the case. This Court affirmed in _TQ v TR and another
appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 961 at [75] that even though post-nuptial agreements
could be accorded more weight than pre-nuptial agreements, how much weight was
to be allocated to a postnuptial agreement must ultimately depend on the
precise circumstances of the case. In this case, we were of the view that the
5 April 2006 Memorandum should be accorded little weight because it seemed
dubious. Its form was somewhat unusual: it was not really an agreement between
both parties in the usual form but a unilateral declaration of intent signed
by the husband with the heading, “To Whom it May Concern”, without further
elaboration as to what the context of such a unilateral memorandum was.
Furthermore, the wife’s inherently incredible explanation of how the
memorandum came about (_ie._ that it was made pursuant to the parties’
agreement prior to marriage) did seem to suggest that the only possible
conclusion was per the husband’s version of events _ie_ that he had only
signed the memorandum under some sort of duress.[note: 17]

36 Therefore, in our opinion little or no weight should be accorded to the 5
April 2006 Memorandum. It could not preclude this Court from dividing the
matrimonial assets in a manner which was just and equitable. It is to this
question which we now turn.

Just and equitable proportions

37 This case was straightforward in the sense that it was undisputed that the
husband made all financial contributions towards the acquisition of assets
during the marriage. The only issue was to determine what a just and equitable
division should be where, as in this case, the husband made all the financial
contributions and the wife’s contributions were exclusively non-financial.

38 Case law has established that a homemaker wife can receive a significant
proportion of the matrimonial assets even if she has made no financial
contributions whatsoever. This is especially so if the couple has children. It
has been observed that generally, the proportion ordered for a homemaker wife
has not fallen below 35% (Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family Law in Singapore_
(LexisNexis, 2007) at pp 741-745). In the recent decision of this Court in
_Nancy Tay_ , the proportion ordered for the homemaker wife was 35% even when
the husband’s financial contributions were deemed to be “ _extraordinary_ ”
[emphasis added] (_Nancy Tay_ at [80]). There is only one qualification which
we would add. It does not follow that this will be the appropriate division in
all situations. The length of the marriage is very much a relevant and
important consideration. The parties married in August 1996 and the marriage
effectively broke down in December 2006. The husband filed for divorce in
April 2008. An interim judgment to dissolve the marriage was made in March
2010. If one takes the date of effective breakdown to determine the length of
the marriage, it was a ten year plus marriage, not entirely a short marriage.
But neither could it be regarded as a long marriage. If one takes the date of
the interim judgment as the cut-off date, then it would be a thirteen-and-a-
half year marriage. Whichever view one might take as to the length, even it
were just ten years as the Judge seemed to take, we could not fail to note
that her grant of 0 % to the wife was of unprecedented severity, bearing also
in mind that there was one child to the marriage. As for the Vietnamese
properties in her sole name, and which the wife was allowed to retain, the
fact was that these were not part of the pool of matrimonial assets in the
first place because they were assets “acquired by one party…by gift or
inheritance and that has not been substantially improved during the marriage
by the other party or by both parties to the marriage” (s 112(10) of the
Women’s Charter). It seemed to us that the grant of 0% to the Wife could be
justified only on the basis _that the wife had made no contributions to the
marriage whatsoever._ In implicitly making this finding, the Judge relied on
two grounds: (i) the wife’s character flaws and misconduct which made the
husband’s marriage to her “a misery”; and (ii) that she had domestic help and
there “one wonders how large a role she played as a homemaker bearing in mind
her other roles as wife and mother left much to be desired” (see GD at [33]).

39 With respect to the first ground, while we note that divorce is no longer
based on fault, conduct of the parties in relation to the family is
nevertheless a relevant consideration in the division of matrimonial assets.
Here, we would refer to s 112(2)(d) of the Women’s Charter which provides that
the court, in determining the division of matrimonial assets, shall have
regard to “the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare
of the family, including looking after the home or caring for the family...”.
In this case, as the wife did not make any financial contributions towards the
acquisition of the matrimonial assets, her contributions would have to be in
respect of “the welfare of the family, including looking after the home or
caring for the family”. The Judge was, therefore, not wrong to consider her
contributions in that regard. The fault which the Judge found against the wife
was her temperament. Besides the husband, her older daughter, [C], also
confirmed that. While her temperament might have made the husband’s life
miserable, the fact remained that he was, during the marriage, holding a full-
time employment which sometimes required him to travel. It would have been the
wife, a full-time homemaker, who attended to the home and the needs of the
children while he was at work. These contributions must be worth something and
should be given their due credit. Of course, on an issue such as this relating
to the care of the family by a spouse, it is very much fact-sensitive. No two
cases will be the same. But the court should be conscious of the need to
exercise caution when confronted with allegations of this nature made by one
spouse against the other. To find a wife, a full-time home-maker, particularly
where there are children, to have made zero contributions to the family, the
facts must be extreme and also undisputed. Where parties were clearly in a
highly acrimonious relationship and they have alleged various counts of
misconduct against each other, the court should not too readily sift through
the facts and evidence in order to assign relative blame for the purposes of
dividing matrimonial assets. The temptation by the parties to make such
allegation, whether with or without foundation, will be great. As stated by
Woo Bih Li J in _YG v YH_ [2008] SGHC 166 at [32]), the court has a
“reluctance to engage in minute scrut _iny of_ the _conduct and contributions
of both spouses.”_ In relation to the present case, although the husband
alleged that the wife was abusive and violent, it should be noted that, by the
husband’s own admission[note: 18], the allegations of abuse set out in the
Amended Statement of Particulars did not involve actual violence: rather they
consisted of behaviour such as threatening to beat the children, issuing
threats to the husband, throwing the husband out of the house, picking fights
with the husband in front of the children, threatening the husband that he
would never see the children again if there was a divorce and shouting at the
husband that he was a bad father. Of course, such behaviour was far from ideal
in a marriage – and indeed that was why it founded a divorce on the basis of
the wife’s unreasonable behaviour – but it does not quite make out the Judge’s
finding that the wife had a “violent disposition” of which the husband and
children were victims (see GD at [29]). There was only one instance of actual
physical assault on the husband – this was the incidence where the
photographic evidence thereof was relied upon by the Judge in [28] of the GD –
but this occurred only in 2009 after the husband had left the matrimonial flat
in 2006. In the light of other disturbing facts such as the wife’s counter-
allegations of the husband’s violence and the PPO against the husband and the
troubling question as to why, if the wife’s violence was really so bad, the
husband never applied for a PPO on behalf of himself and his children, we
found that the wife’s abusive nature was not of an extreme one-sided nature or
undisputed such that the court could comfortably find that it _completely
negated her contributions as a homemaker_. Ultimately, where the evidence
shows a marital relationship as acrimonious and dysfunctional as the parties’
here, it is inappropriate for a court to make findings as to how good or bad a
wife and mother a party was (as the Judge did at [33] of the GD or how good or
bad a husband or father a party was. In our opinion, in the circumstances
here, we did not think that the Judge should have found that the wife
contributed nothing at all to the family purely on the basis that she made the
husband’s life a “a misery”. His life could not have been a misery from day
one otherwise the marriage would not have lasted until December 2006 when the
husband walked out of the home. There would have been an early period of
happiness. When the change occurred was not something we needed to go into.

40 The second ground relied upon by the Judge, _ie_ that it was doubtful how
much of a homemaking role the wife played because she always had domestic
help, was also, with respect, erroneous. Having domestic help does not mean
the wife made no contributions as a homemaker at all, especially when the
parties’ household here included two children. In _Lee Chung Meng Joseph v
Krysgman Juliet Angela_ [2000] 3 SLR(R) 965, Tay Yong Kwang J rejected the
husband’s argument that the _wife did not make indirect contributions as a m_
ain caregiver to the children because they had domestic help. In Tay J’s words
at [41] of the judgment, “Having a maid in the household, or a number of maids
for that matter, does not mean _abdication of parental responsibility_ ”
[emphasis added]. Once again, we must stress that the last thing a court
should embark upon is to adjudicate upon snipes and counter-snipes between the
parties as demonstrated in this case: the husband argued that the wife merely
shouted at the maids to do work, and the wife countered as to how much she had
supervised the maids, and so on and so forth.

41 Therefore, with respect, the Judge erred in holding that the wife made no
contributions at all to the family, especially when this could not be said to
be a short marriage of just a couple of years and when the wife bore one child
and the marital partnership included the raising of two children. It might
well be that in the later years, the wife’s traits as a mother left something
to be desired, but that could not render her contributions to the family as
being zero.

42 All considered, we held that a just and equitable division would be to give
the wife a 20% share of the matrimonial flat and the two Australian
properties, the total value of which was assessed to be approximately $2.5m.
We indicated at [21] above that there was one more asset being disputed _ie_
the bank accounts, but as the total value of these six bank accounts together
was very low (_ie_ less than $4000), we felt it unnecessary to divide it. We
further ordered that the 20% share of the matrimonial flat and the two
Australian properties be paid by the husband to the wife within 6 months from
date of our order on 30 September 2011.

Stock Options

43 At this point, we would briefly address the wife’s contention that the pool
of matrimonial assets should have included the stock options which the husband
had in the company he worked in, and that the Judge should have drawn an
adverse inference against the husband for failing to disclose these
assets[note: 19]. While it is undisputed that certain categories of stock
options can constitute matrimonial assets (_Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei
Chuan_ [2000] SGHC 150), the husband had already explained in his affidavits
that that his stock options had no value because the company had not gone
public – his company was a small start-up company and had no plans to go
public and therefore could not attach any monetary value to those options. The
wife provided no evidence to prove otherwise, and we held that the Judge was
right in accepting the husband’s explanation (see GD at [34]) by not regarding
the options as an asset of value.

Maintenance

The facts and parties’ positions

44 We now turn to examine the maintenance question. It was undisputed that the
family’s only source of income was from the husband, who earned $12,600 a
month excluding variable commission. He gave affidavit evidence that his
monthly expenses totalled $20,373, comprising the following including [C]’s
and [B]’s expenses:

Personal expenses |  $4,323  
---|---  
[B]’s expenses |  $1,636.65  
[C]’s expenses |  $2,735  
Expenses at the rented flat |  $3,504  
The matrimonial flat |  $3,545  
Gracemere Gardens |  $2,176  
Gracemere Waters |  $2,454  
  
  

45 The wife gave evidence that her monthly expenses totalled $13,562.70,
comprising the following:

Mortgage |  $2500  
---|---  
Property tax/TV license |  $1083  
Repair and upkeep of the matrimonial flat |  $150  
Maintenance of the matrimonial flat |  $1,246.70  
Groceries and household expenses |  $1,200  
Transport |  $1,500  
Utilities |  $350  
Telephone/internet/mobile telephone |  $200  
Food |  $1000  
Maid |  $300  
Personal grooming/toiletries |  $400  
Clothing and shoes |  $400  
Entertainment |  $1000  
Cablevision subscription |  $100  
Holidays ($10,000 for 4 holidays a year) |  $833  
Festive expenses |  $100  
Medical and dental expenses |  $1200  
  
  

46 On this basis, at the hearing before the Judge, the wife asked for
maintenance of $12,000 for herself and $4000 a month for [B][note: 20]. On
appeal before us, however, she moderated this claim downwards to “at least
$5000 a month”.[note: 21]

47 The husband asserted that the wife’s monthly expenses were inflated, and
that the wife’s monthly expenditure – as evidenced by how much she withdrew
from the joint account into which he banked money every month – was $1250
(consisting of transport, food, maid, toiletries, clothing, and medical
expenses).[note: 22] He also asserted that many of the items listed in the
table at [46] above were paid every month by him and should not be reckoned as
part of the wife’s expenses.[note: 23]

The Judge’s order

48 As stated at [24] above, the Judge’s order was for the husband to pay the
wife a lump sum maintenance of $250,000 as well as a one-off payment of
$10,000 to assist her in shifting out of the matrimonial flat, making a total
of $260,000. As for the maintenance of [B], the Judge granted the husband’s
request to pay for all of [B]’s expenses directly to third parties rather than
to the wife. The order for the wife’s maintenance was based on a base figure
of $1000 per month computed over 20 years, totalling $240,000, which would
“serve as adequate provision for the wife’s maintenance until she turned 62 on
the basis she would work and continue working until she reached that age”. The
Judge then added $10,000 to this figure to assist the wife in meeting the
expenses of shifting out of the matrimonial flat into rented premises if she
so desired (see GD at [44]).

The appeal

49 There were two issues to be determined on appeal with respect to
maintenance: (i) whether the Judge’s order that the husband pay for [B]’s
expenses directly to third parties should be upheld; (ii) whether the Judge’s
order for lump sum maintenance of $260,000 should be upheld.

50 On the first issue, we found there to be no particular reason to disturb
the Judge’s order. Although the wife raised it as an issue[note: 24], she did
not actually make any arguments as to why this order should be overturned. In
our view, the Judge was entitled to take into account the husband’s fear that
the wife would use the money for herself. More importantly, [B]’s needs were
not prejudiced by this order – in fact her needs were more comprehensively
provided for than if a round figure were ordered to be paid to the wife every
month. For these reasons, we were of the view that the Judge did not exercise
her discretion wrongly, and upheld her order.

51 As for the lump sum maintenance of $260,000 for the wife, we thought this
amount appeared low, especially when she was not given any share of the
matrimonial assets. She would need to find accommodation for herself. We agree
with the Judge that the wife is not at an age where she will be unable to find
work. She has skills in the beauty industry and there is no reason why she
could not put those skills to profitable use. However, in our opinion, given
our award of 20% share of the matrimonial assets to the wife that would make a
difference to the picture (see s 114(1)(a) of the Women’s Charter and _BG v
BF_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 at [75]). The table at [46] above does suggest that
the Judge was right to hold that the wife had deliberately inflated her
maintenance claim (see GD at [25]) – transport expenses of $1500 and
entertainment expenses of $1000 are two clear examples. It is also clear that
items such as mortgage expenses, property tax, utilities and telephone
expenses, maintenance of the matrimonial flat, were attempts to inflate her
expenses, given that the husband paid for these. Her claims for groceries and
household at $1200 and for food at $1000 seemed to us also inflated. By the
husband’s estimate, the wife’s monthly expenses amounted to approximately
$1250 (see above at [48]), which made a sum of $1000 a month slightly low, but
when it is viewed against the fact that the maintenance for the wife is to be
paid in a lump sum up-front and further we have, in this appeal, granted her
20% of the matrimonial assets, we did not think that the circumstances called
for an intervention in the maintenance award made by the Judge.

52 Although the wife was right to argue that under s 114(1)(c) of the Women’s
Charter, the court in arriving at a maintenance sum must take into account the
standard of living that she was accustomed to[note: 25] and that s 114(2)
directs the court to endeavour to place the parties in the financial position
in which they would have been had the marriage not broken down[note: 26],
these are not absolute considerations but are subject to “so far as it is
practicable”, “having regard to their conduct” and “just to do so”. In this
regard, we should further point out that those considerations must also be
balanced against the husband’s financial needs and obligations (s 114(1)(b)).
In this respect, we noted that the husband is solely responsible to provide
for both [C] and [B].

Order to attend anger management counselling

53 The last issue to be dealt with is the Judge’s order for the wife to attend
anger management counselling with a psychiatrist to be approved by the
husband, at the husband’s expense. In our view, there was sufficient evidence
that it would be in [B]’s best interests for the wife to attend the same –
even discounting the evidence given by [C] and the husband, which the wife
hotly disputed, there was sufficient evidence in the agreed Amended Statement
of Particulars founding the divorce (see [13] above) for the Judge to have
found that the wife “had serious anger management issues that needed to be
addressed” (see GD at [29]). In light of [B]’s best interests and the fact
that the husband was to bear the cost of such counselling, we upheld the
Judge’s order. We further directed that this was to take the form of four (4)
quarterly sessions with the psychiatrist for the period of a year starting in
October 2011.

Conclusion

54 In summary, we ordered the following:

(a) The wife was awarded 20% of the matrimonial assets (consisting of the
matrimonial flat and the two Australian properties assessed at $2.5m). This
was to be paid by the husband to the wife within 6 months from date of this
order;

(b) The outstanding maintenance payments _ie_ $200,000 was to be paid in four
(4) equal quarterly instalments commencing on 31 October 2011;

(c) The Judge’s order that the wife was to attend anger management counselling
with a psychiatrist approved by the husband and at the husband’s expense was
to remain. We further directed that this was to take the form of four (4)
quarterly sessions with the psychiatrist for the period of a year starting in
October 2011.

(d) The wife was to move out of the matrimonial flat and hand over the keys to
the husband on or before 30 November 2011;

(e) All other orders made below remained; and

(f) The wife was awarded costs of $5000 plus disbursements;

55 We heard parties again on 8 November 2011 at the wife’s request and granted
the wife an extension of time till 15 February 2012 to vacate the matrimonial
flat and hand over the keys to the husband. We indicated that there would be
no further extension of time.

* * *

[note: 1]Core Bundle (vol II) at pp14-19.

[note: 2]Core Bundle (vol II) at p20.

[note: 3]Core Bundle (vol II) at p22.

[note: 4]Core Bundle (vol II) at p21.

[note: 5]Core Bundle (vol II) at p13.

[note: 6]Record of Appeal Vol III Part A p 124 para 15

[note: 7]Core Bundle (vol II) at p63

[note: 8]Available at Core Bundle (vol II) at p54.

[note: 9]RA (vol IV) at p 15

[note: 10]RA (vol III part C) at pp 60-61

[note: 11]Employment Contract available in Core Bundle (vol II) at p 70

[note: 12]See [2] of the GD

[note: 13]Defendant’s 1st Affidavit, RA (vol III part B) at pp 138-139

[note: 14]Defendant’s Written Submissions at [7.1], in Record of Appeal (vol
IV) at p16

[note: 15]Defendant’s Written Submissions at [7.2]

[note: 16]Appellant’s Case at [85]

[note: 17]Plaintiff’s 2nd Affidavit at [41].

[note: 18]Respondent”s Case at [29]

[note: 19]Appellant’s Case at [92]-[98]

[note: 20]Defendant’s 1st Affidavit at [25], RA (vol III part B) at p 123

[note: 21]Appellant’s Case at [149]

[note: 22]Plaintiff’s 2nd Affidavit, RA (vol III part C) at p 8

[note: 23]Plaintiff’s 2nd Affidavit, RA (vol III part C) at p 7

[note: 24]Appellant’s Case at [9(xi)]

[note: 25]Appellant’s Case at [133]

[note: 26]Appellant’s Case at [146]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

