Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wong Kien Keong _v_ Khoo Hoon Eng  
[2012] SGHC 127

Case Number| :| DT No 1446 of 2006 (Summons No 1553 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Randolph Khoo and Nah Mui Kheng (Draw & Napier LLC) for
the plaintiff; Suchitra Ragupathy (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Wong Kien Keong — Khoo Hoon Eng  
  
21 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

Introduction

1 The parties, Mr Wong Kien Keong (“the Plaintiff”) and Mdm Khoo Hoon Eng
(“the Defendant”), divorced after more than 28 years of marriage. Before the
hearing of the ancillary proceedings relating to the maintenance and the
division of the matrimonial assets, the Defendant filed Summons No 1553 of
2011 (“SUM 1553/2011”) for an order that a Deed of Separation dated 28 March
2003 entered into by the parties (“the Deed”) be set aside or, in the
alternative, for a declaration that the same is void and unenforceable.

Chronology of procedural applications

2 SUM 1553/2011 was dismissed on 21 March 2012. I held that there were no
vitiating factors to invalidate the Deed. As such, it was a valid agreement
and the Deed would be a factor to be taken into consideration in the division
of the matrimonial assets pursuant to s 112(2)(e) of the Women’s Charter (Cap
353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Charter”).

3 The hearing of the ancillary matters started immediately after my decision
on SUM 1553/2011. I asked counsel for the Defendant, Ms Suchitra Ragupathy
(“Ms Ragupathy”), to explain why the terms of the Deed should be given little
weight. In other words, what were the Defendant’s reasons for maintaining that
the division of the matrimonial assets in the Deed was disadvantageous to the
Defendant, and how was it unreasonable in the circumstances of this present
case? I also wanted to know how much the Defendant was getting under the Deed
– was it 20% of the total assets as indicated in the Plaintiff’s e-mail of 21
March 2003 (see [32] below), or at least 40% of the matrimonial assets as
stated in the Plaintiff’s affidavit of 9 December 2010.[note: 1] It turned out
to be a fairly short hearing as there was no affidavit evidence on the
purchase price of the properties and the financial contributions each had made
to complete the sale and purchase of the properties. An adjournment of the
hearing was granted to enable the parties to provide the missing information.

4 At that point, Ms Ragupathy, who was understandably keen not to be caught
“out of time” if the Defendant wished to appeal, expressed concern that given
the time required for lodging an appeal against my decision in SUM 1553/2011
and that the ancillary proceedings would not be concluded within a month with
the adjournment. Ordinarily, pursuant to O 57 r 4(a) of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”), the Defendant has to file and serve
her Notice of Appeal within one month from the date of dismissal of SUM
1553/2011 (_ie_ , 21 March 2012), if she wishes to appeal. Counsel for the
Plaintiff, Mr Randolph Khoo (“Mr Khoo”), had no objection with an order for
the time for lodging an appeal against my decision on SUM 1553/2011 to run
after a decision on the ancillaries was made.

5 Therefore, I exercised my power under O 57 r 17 of the ROC and ordered that
the time for appeal in respect of SUM 1553/2011 was to run from the time of
the orders for the ancillary matters. The intention was clear: in the event of
an appeal to the Court of Appeal, both SUM 1553/2011 and the orders made on
the ancillary matters should go up on appeal together and at the same time.
Hence, the exact wording of my order, as it appears in the Notes of Arguments,
is as follows:

Time will run from the time the division of matrimonial assets is decided.

6 On 3 April 2012, Ms Ragupathy filed the Defendant’s Notice of Appeal against
the dismissal of SUM 1553/2011 _vide_ CA 32 of 2012/S (“CA 32/2012”). On 18
April 2012, Ms Ragupathy filed Summons No 1904 of 2012 (“SUM 1904/2012”) to
stay the ancillary proceedings pending the outcome of CA 32/2012. SUM
1904/2012 has not yet been heard. I should mention that allied to SUM
1904/2012 is the question of whether CA 32/2012 was filed prematurely.
Needless to say, these matters will be fully argued when SUM 1904/2012 is next
listed for hearing before me.

7 For now, I will explain in detail the reasons for the dismissal of SUM
1553/2011.

The Parties to the Deed

8 The parties were married on 10 December 1977 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. They
have two sons to the marriage. Their sons are now 27 and 30 years old
respectively. The parties are highly educated, bright and accomplished
individuals. They have been extremely successful in their respective careers,
and they continue to do well. By all counts, they were an exceptional couple.
The Plaintiff is a well-known legal personality in the legal profession. The
Defendant is an eminent academician. She is currently teaching at the National
University of Singapore (“NUS”).

9 At the time of their marriage, the Plaintiff had graduated from
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the Defendant obtained a Ph.D from
St Mary’s Hospital, University of London. Both were university lecturers in
Malaysia and they lived in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. On 5 June 1981, the elder
son was born.

10 In October 1982, the Plaintiff obtained a Commonwealth fellowship to pursue
his doctorate degree in engineering at Imperial College in London. The
Plaintiff also concurrently enrolled to read law at Oxford University.

11 The Defendant took a sabbatical for a year from October 1982 to August 1983
to be with the Plaintiff and the family in Oxford. In August 1983, the
Defendant returned to Kuala Lumpur with the elder son and returned to
lecturing.

12 In July 1984, the Plaintiff completed his law studies at Oxford University
and returned to Kuala Lumpur. On 22 August 1984, the younger son was born. The
Plaintiff returned to London to study for the UK Bar Examinations in October
1984. In August 1985, the Plaintiff returned to Kuala Lumpur after passing the
UK Bar Examinations. He also completed his doctorate thesis in December 1985
in Malaysia. He then went on to chamber as a pupil at Shearn & Delamore, a
Malaysian law firm.

13 In July 1987, the Plaintiff moved to Singapore to work for a foreign law
firm at its Singapore office. Later in December 1987, the Defendant moved with
the children to Singapore after the Defendant was employed by the NUS. The
Plaintiff was made a local partner of the foreign firm in June 1989 and an
international partner in 1993. After moving to Singapore, the parties enjoyed
good fortune and in the course of the marriage acquired various properties and
investments.

14 Sometime in November 2002, the Defendant confessed to the Plaintiff that
she had an affair with her colleague. Their marriage subsequently fell apart.

15 On 12 March 2003, the parties separated. The Defendant moved out of the
couple’s residence at Blk 130 Tanjong Rhu Road, #12-02, Pebble Bay, Singapore
to live in an apartment at Aspen Heights.

16 After living apart, the parties signed the Deed on 28 March 2003. The
circumstances surrounding the place and time the Defendant signed the Deed was
contested by the parties. In my view, nothing significant turned on the
discrepancies in light of the undisputed evidence that the Defendant looked
perfectly normal at the Plaintiff’s birthday dinner on 28 March 2003 and did
not appear to be depressed.

17 The Defendant filed a divorce petition on 29 June 2004 which was later
discontinued on 20 March 2006. The Plaintiff then filed a divorce petition on
28 March 2006. The decree nisi dissolving the marriage was granted on 28 May
2006.

Parties’ opposing positions in SUM 1553/2011

18 Ms Ragupathy argued that the Deed should be set aside because the Defendant
was coerced, abused and/or threatened into signing the Deed.[note: 2] Ms
Ragupathy further argued that the Defendant was suffering from depression at
the material time such that she did not fully understand the consequences and
risks of signing the Deed, and that the Defendant signed the Deed in the hope
that acceding to the Plaintiff’s requests as set out in the Deed would result
in reconciliation.[note: 3] Ms Ragupathy pointed to various allegations of
abuse made by the Defendant in her affidavits and relied on a report prepared
by one Dr Pushpa Bose (“Dr Bose”), the Defendant’s psychiatrist, which tried
to shed light on the Defendant’s mental state at the time she signed the Deed.

19 On the other hand, Mr Khoo argued that the Deed was not tainted by any
vitiating factors. According to Mr Khoo, the Defendant knew the legal
significance of the Deed as she obtained legal advice on the Deed and admitted
that she understood the effect of the Deed in one of her e-mails to the
Plaintiff. It was pointed out that the Defendant was not a simple woman. She
had excellent credentials and a range of accomplishments.[note: 4] The
Defendant was also actively bargaining over the split of assets.[note: 5] Mr
Khoo rejected the Defendant’s allegation that she signed the Deed because the
Plaintiff made a false promise that he would reconcile with her if she did
so.[note: 6] Mr Khoo noted that the Defendant’s allegations of abuse inflicted
by the Plaintiff on the Defendant were denied and explained by the Plaintiff
in his affidavits[note: 7] and relied on a medical report of one Dr Brian Yeo
(“Dr Yeo”) to debunk the findings in Dr Bose’s report.[note: 8]

Should the Deed be set aside?

Relevant legal principles

20 It is not controversial that for a pre-nuptial or post nuptial agreement
(collectively referred to hereinafter as “marital agreement”) to have the
effect of a valid and subsisting agreement, it should satisfy the requirements
of the law of contract: see _Chia Hock Hua v Chong Choo Je_ [1994] 3 SLR(R)
159. The Court of Appeal in _TQ v TR and Another appeal_ [2009] 2 SLR(R) 961
(“ _TQ v TR_ ”), affirmed that for a pre-nuptial agreement to subsist, it must
comply with the requirements of the law of contract. Andrew Phang JA’s
observations in _TQ v TR_ apply equally to post nuptial agreements like the
Deed in this case, and they are as follows:

94 It is our view that prenuptial agreements ought generally to comply with
the various legal doctrines and requirements that are an integral part of the
common law of contract. ... This is only logical as well as just and fair,
given that such agreements are, _ex hypothesi_ ,_contracts_ to begin with.

...

96 The prenuptial agreement in question must obviously have been _validly
formed_ in the first place in accordance with the general rules and principles
relating to offer and acceptance (and see the decision of this court in _Wee
Ah Lian)_. Hence, for example, an absence of a requisite offer or acceptance
would be fatal to any reliance on an alleged prenuptial agreement as it would
not have come into proper legal existence.

[emphasis in original]

21 As marital agreements are not commercial contracts, the court retains a
residuary discretion even though the marital agreement does not comply with
the legal doctrines of contract law to give some weight to the marital
agreement where the circumstances justify it. Phang JA remarked (at [105]):

...The court also retains a residuary discretion, in limited circumstances, to
give _some_ weight to a prenuptial agreement that does not comply with one or
more of the legal doctrine and requirements under the common law of contract.

[emphasis in original]

22 I now come to another related point, namely the presence of any of the
standard vitiating factors such as duress, fraud or misrepresentation that
will negate the marital agreement. Phang JA in _TQ v TR_ identified various
vitiating factors. They include (at [97]):

At the other end of the contractual spectrum are to be found the various
_vitiating factors._ These include standard contractual doctrines such as
misrepresentation, mistake, undue influence, duress, unconscionability, as
well as illegality and public policy...[including] the possibility of ‘saving’
that part of the prenuptial agreement that is objectionable via the doctrine
of severance... There has also been mention of the safeguard relating to the
availability of independent legal advice...

[emphasis in original]

Analysis and Decision

23 With these principles in mind, I now turn to the facts of this case, and
the vitiating factors raised by the Defendant in argument, namely the
Defendant was coerced, abused and/or threatened into signing the Deed or that
she did not understand the consequences and risks of signing the Deed.

24 The Defendant alleged[note: 9] that after the Defendant confessed to having
her affair in November 2002, the Plaintiff, at various times and amongst other
things, threatened to report the affair to the Dean of her faculty and Vice-
Chancellor of the NUS and get the Defendant sacked, urinated on the Defendant
and made her drink his urine, verbally and physically abused the Defendant and
made her do degrading acts and humiliated the Defendant’s mother by asking her
to kneel and beg for forgiveness from the Plaintiff. The Defendant alleged
that by January 2003, she was completely broken and in a state of depression,
she suffered from insomnia and experienced significant weight loss.[note: 10]

25 The Defendant adduced a police report[note: 11] made by her on 17 October
2003 stating the various incidents of violence involving the Plaintiff between
November 2002 and January 2003 and in September 2003, as well as photos of
mobile messages purportedly sent by an apologetic Plaintiff on 7 January
2003.[note: 12] The Defendant also filed an affidavit of her son[note: 13] and
her brother[note: 14] in support of her allegations.

26 Furthermore, to shed light on the Defendant’s alleged state of mind at the
time she signed the Deed, it is useful to quote from a relevant paragraph in
the Defendant’s Affidavit dated 25 January 2008 wherein the Defendant
proffered her reasons for signing the Deed:

69\. After years of being abused by the [Plaintiff], I was very afraid he
would carry out his threats [_ie_ , to make public the Defendant’s affair,
have her sacked and to make it impossible for her to live in Singapore[note:
15]] and at the material point in time, I was not able to stand up for myself,
and neither did I have any support from friends and family. I eventually
broke, and signed the Deed without addressing my mind to it, or the
consequences of the same. I had also signed it to please the [Plaintiff], and
in the hope that we would be able to reconcile. I did not have the courage or
the strength to re-order my life after being with the [Plaintiff] for 25
years, and as such, I was prepared to do anything to reconcile with him. The
[Plaintiff] had told me that if I signed the Deed, he would consider
reconciling with me. The relevant e-mail dated 6th of March 2003 is at pages
xxx to xxx of Exhibit KHE -53.

27 In response, the Plaintiff categorically denied all the Defendant’s
allegations,[note: 16] and relied on affidavits of his relatives like his
brothers[note: 17] and eldest sister[note: 18] to attest to various matters:
that the Plaintiff was not a violent and cruel man; and that the Defendant
looked perfectly normal at the Plaintiff’s birthday dinner on 28 March 2003
and she did not display any signs of depression. As to the Defendant’s
character, she has been described by the Plaintiff and his relatives as
strong-willed with a very strong mind of her own;[note: 19] a very independent
and confident woman[note: 20]; and a very capable and self assured
individual.[note: 21]

28 In the absence of contemporaneous and objective evidence, the allegations
of physical abuse were basically not satisfactorily corroborated. The
Defendant’s police report narrated various violent acts committed by the
Plaintiff on her person between November 2002 and January 2003. Notably, the
police report was only made on 17 October 2003 several months after the
alleged violent incidents took place. Mr Khoo questioned the veracity of the
police report and, to support his contention, he went through some e-mails
written by the Defendant around the time of the alleged incidents to show that
none of the e-mails alluded to anything untoward. I note that the police
report was made after the Defendant had engaged a firm of lawyers to commence
divorce proceedings in August 2003[note: 22], and the Defendant, in fact,
confirmed in her affidavit that it was her then lawyers who had advised her to
file the police report.[note: 23] Indeed her Divorce Petition No 2545 of 2004
(“DT 2545 of 2004”) filed on 29 June 2004 was based, _inter alia_ , on the
Plaintiff’s unreasonable behaviour. DT 2545 of 2004 was eventually withdrawn
by agreement.[note: 24] As for the other affidavits provided by the Defendant,
the son in his affidavit stopped short of saying that he saw or knew that the
Defendant was physically abused; instead, the son only claimed that he saw
bruises on the Defendant’s arm in the period between November 2002 and January
2003. Similarly, the Defendant’s brother in his affidavit only claimed to have
seen a bruise on the Defendant’s lip and stated that the Defendant told him
that the Plaintiff had caused the bruise.[note: 25]

29 Taking the Defendant’s case at its highest, that is, the alleged abuses did
happen (which I make no finding on), it must still be shown that the Defendant
signed the Deed out of fear of her safety and well being. Or that she was so
traumatised that she was incapable of understanding or appreciating the legal
effect of the Deed. It is accepted that the psychological effect of repeated
abuse can have a lingering effect in that the person may well continue to be
traumatised and mentally affected by abuse he or she suffered over a period of
time or even a long time ago. In the final analysis, what is important is
whether the Defendant was in fact too affected and depressed to think clearly
and rationally and to appreciate the legal significance of the Deed when she
signed it on 28 March 2003.

30 In this regard, there is overwhelming evidence pointing to the fact, and I
so find, that the Defendant had appreciated the legal significance of the Deed
and was not coerced, abused or threatened into signing the Deed. The exchange
of e-mails between the parties at or about the time of the signing of the Deed
on 28 March 2003 is material; it showed that the Defendant perfectly
understood and appreciated the significance and effect of the Deed.

31 In particular, an e-mail titled “separation matters” sent by the Defendant
to the Plaintiff on 21 March 2003, just seven days before the signing of the
Deed, is important. It clearly showed that the Defendant knew the legal
repercussions of signing the Deed in that it was going to be binding, that she
was not getting 50% of the matrimonial assets, and that since she was entitled
to 50%, it was difficult for her to accept what he had proposed. The salient
parts of the e-mail are quoted below:[note: 26]

Dearest Wong,

...

I also did not understand what a separation agreement meant or implied. I
thought it was a temporary agreement such that we could work towards
reconciliation. I talked to my cousin about it and she consulted a lawyer. _I
now understand that it is a binding agreement if we eventually get divorced._
I had not realized that. _The lawyer’s advice was that under Singapore law, I
am entitled to 50% of our matrimonial assets_. When I said that I was only
interested in getting enough for me to live for the rest of my life without
financial difficulty, the advice was that I should not just think about myself
alone but also my children because I should also have the right to give them
my share of the matrimonial assets.

...

Therefore to protect our sons’ interest too, I think you should recognise my
entitlement to half share of our matrimonial assets so that I can bequeath
this half share to our sons.

To insist that I should comply with the way you have proposed that our
matrimonial assets should be divided would be very unfair to me, particularly,
when you reserve the right to withdraw whatever you propose to give me based
only on your perception of any failure on my part to meet with your
expectations of the manner I conduct my life. _For the purpose of this
separation agreement, as far as the matrimonial assets are concerned, I
therefore find it very difficult to comply with your request._

Now that you insisted on the separation and clear division of the matrimonial
assets, _you should recognise my basic rights as a wife that I am entitled to
at least 50% of whatever we have acquired during our marriage._

[emphasis added]

32 In a e-mail dated 21 March 2003, the Plaintiff replied:[note: 27]

I am very annoyed by your letter below as I have stated over the phone. There
is no split of 50% to you. I do not agree and will never agree. The only way
for you to hope to achieve that is for us to have a full blown legal dispute
over our matrimonial assets. This will mean that there will be no holds barred
and I will disclose all the unsavoury aspects of our marriage to the public. I
do not mind that if you wish to fight me. But it will be very bloody for both
of us.

...

Thirdly, I believe that if I split 20% of our total assets as of end 2002 to
you, it would be a fair split. The proposal that I gave you had more than a
20% split. In addition, there are some ongoing payments by me which will stop
should you be out with another man or are unfaithful to me.

...

As for the children’s sake type of argument, please do not give me that. Ming
will graduate. He should stand on his own feet. It is better for him. I love
him dearly and will always come to his assistance should he need it during my
lifetime. En is about to enter college. Can I be so heartless as to withdraw
my assistance?...So let us not bring the children into the picture. You are
the last person I expect to look to in relation to them. I will help them till
my last breath. So let us not try to be so good in words. ....

I do not wish to fight with you but I will if you force my hand.

The separation deed will be drafted. _It will be binding_. If you love me you
do not fight with me and take what I think is fair. If you fight me you will
lose me forever.

[emphasis added]

33 As can be seen from the excerpts above, the Defendant herself stated that
the intended separation agreement would be “a binding agreement if [the
parties] eventually get divorced” and was openly bargaining for a larger share
of the matrimonial assets a few days before the Deed was signed. The Plaintiff
indicated clearly in his reply to the Defendant that the Deed would be
“binding”. The Defendant’s e-mail is telling. It showed that she had put
thought into her e-mail. It showed that she was not afraid to speak up and
indeed told the Plaintiff that she wanted a larger share of the matrimonial
assets, and sought to justify her stand. This e-mail militated against the
Defendant’s claim that she was not thinking, was irrational and incapable of
appreciating the legal significance of the Deed. After the Deed was executed,
the Defendant even made enquiries together with the Plaintiff to begin to
carry out the terms of the Deed, as seen from an e-mail from the Defendant to
the Plaintiff dated 10 April 2003.[note: 28]

34 I am aware that the Plaintiff is a lawyer and had drafted the Deed.
Nonetheless, I was satisfied on the evidence before me that the Defendant
signed the Deed with full appreciation of its implications. There was no lack
of legal advice for the reasons stated below.

35 The Plaintiff alleged in his affidavits that the Defendant received legal
advice on the Deed from at least two sources, namely Peter Moe (“Peter”) and
the lawyer friend of her cousin.[note: 29] Peter, a family friend, gave the
Plaintiff at the latter’s request a specimen copy of a deed of separation. The
Plaintiff’s draft was shown to Peter who confirmed that he spoke to the
Defendant on various occasions about the draft including the finalised
version. He also stated in his affidavits that he told the Defendant on
numerous occasions before the signing of the Deed to seek independent legal
advice,[note: 30] and that he actually explained to the Defendant the purport
of the Deed which was a contract between her and the Plaintiff and that if
they divorced, the terms of the Deed would be reviewed by the court and could
be upheld if found to be fair.[note: 31] However, the Defendant alleged in her
affidavit that she did not receive any legal advice on the Deed but she did
inform the Plaintiff that her cousin had sought legal advice on her
behalf.[note: 32] She insisted that she never received any legal advice from
Peter.[note: 33] In her reply affidavit to Peter’s first affidavit, she
alleged again that she did not receive any legal advice from Peter.[note: 34]
However, the Defendant’s telephone records[note: 35] from 1 February 2003 to
31 March 2003 clearly showed that the Defendant did have conversations with
Peter on numerous occasions in the period leading up to the signing of the
Deed. The telephone records from 1 February to 27 March 2003 showed that there
were at least 27 telephone conversations between Peter and the Defendant. It
is worth noting that the Defendant in her reply affidavit to Peter’s affidavit
neglected to mention the various telephone calls between the Defendant and
Peter made before 27 March 2003 and instead selectively focused on the calls
made on 27 March 2003 to show that Peter did not advise her on the subject
matter of the Deed.[note: 36] What exactly was said between Peter and the
Defendant in all the phone calls was disputed as can be seen from the
differing accounts of Peter and the Defendant in their respective affidavits,
but the incontrovertible fact is that Peter and the Defendant did have
numerous conversations up till the signing of the Deed. The Defendant’s
neglect to explain what transpired in the telephone conversations before 27
March 2003 gave credence to Peter’s assertions that he explained to the
Defendant the effect of the draft separation deed, his views on its terms as
requested by the Defendant as well as reminded her to obtain independent legal
advice.

36 At any rate, in light of her e-mail to the Plaintiff quoted above at [31],
the Defendant was content to accept and rely on the legal advice communicated
through her cousin who consulted a lawyer on the Defendant’s entitlement to
the matrimonial assets and the legal significance of the Deed. This legal
advice was specifically in relation to Singapore law. The Defendant herself
wrote in the e-mail that “the lawyer’s advice was that under Singapore law,
[she was] entitled to 50% of [the] matrimonial assets”. Her insistence on an
equal division of the matrimonial assets in the e-mail was deliberate and made
on the basis of qualified legal advice obtained regarding the division of
matrimonial assets under Singapore law.

37 Ms Ragupathy relied on a report prepared by Dr Bose, the Defendant’s
psychiatrist,[note: 37] to prove that the Defendant was suffering from
depression such that she could not understand what she was signing when she
signed the Deed. In response, the Plaintiff produced a report from Dr Brian
Yeo to rebut Dr Bose’s report.

38 Dr Bose opined on the mental state of the Defendant between January 2003
and October 2003 and, in particular, on 28 March 2003 (the day of the signing
of the Deed) and concluded that the Defendant was “unable to think clearly or
rationally in the face of these various factors that were affecting her mental
state in March 2003”. It is important to note that Dr Bose did not
specifically state that the Defendant was so depressed that she did not know
what she was signing.

39 According to Dr Bose’s report, the Defendant had her first consultation
with Dr Bose on 23 January 2003, and was prescribed anti-depressants for her
depression. Subsequently, she spoke over the phone with Dr Bose on 7 March
2003. It was not until 19 August 2003, more than 3 months after the Deed was
signed that Dr Bose saw the Defendant for a second consultation. It was only
then that the Defendant disclosed to Dr Bose the alleged abuse committed
against her by the Plaintiff. Subsequently, the Defendant had consultations
with Dr Bose on 12 September 2003, 6 October 2003 and 12 January 2004.
Clearly, Dr Bose did not examine the Defendant from 23 January 2003 to 19
August 2003, apart from receiving a phone call from the Defendant on 7 March
2003. Dr Bose’s report on 9 March 2004 was almost a year after the Deed was
signed.

40 In my view, Dr Bose’s expert opinion is of limited evidential value and
weight as it is scarcely contemporaneous and was made on the basis of
consultations and observations made on dates well after the Deed was signed.
For completeness, I should refer to Dr Brian Yeo’s expert report. Dr Yeo was
engaged by the Plaintiff for his opinion on Dr Bose’s report on the mental
state of the Defendant at the time she executed the Deed. In Dr Yeo’s opinion,
it would be difficult for Dr Bose to express an opinion on the mental state of
the Defendant at the time she signed the Deed without having examined the
Defendant “at or near the execution of the Separation Deed.”[note: 38] As for
the phone call to Dr Bose on 7 March 2003, Dr Yeo opined that the conversation
Dr Bose had with the Defendant was inadequate to reach a conclusion that she
was not able to think rationally or clearly in March 2003. Based on Dr Bose’s
narration of the first consultation with the Defendant, the Defendant did not
appear to Dr Yeo to be an “individual that was unable to think clearly or
irrationally”.[note: 39] This is what Dr Yeo wrote:

Even at the first consultation in January 2003, Dr Bose had acknowledged that
Mdm Khoo had been guarded with her conscious desire to protect her husband’s
name and status. She was able to give the history of her problems to Dr Bose,
including confidential information regarding her affair, yet expressing her
wish to Dr Bose that she was seeking her husband’s forgiveness and her hopes
of attaining a reconciliation with him.

This is in my view not of an individual that was unable to think clearly or
rationally.

41 It is also important to understand the significance of the fact that the
Defendant went back to see Dr Bose only on 19 August 2003, months after the
first consultation and execution of the Deed.

42 Based on the evidence, it seemed to me that the Defendant consulted Dr Bose
again on 19 August 2003 after she realised that the Plaintiff had started a
serious relationship with Li Hongxia (“Hongxia”) as his partner, and that it
was not on account of the alleged abuse inflicted by the Plaintiff on the
Defendant as she had claimed. The Defendant was probably depressed because
months after the Deed the Plaintiff had moved on with his life and any sliver
of hope to reconcile was gone. It must be noted that the Defendant did not
appear to have informed Dr Bose of the Plaintiff’s serious relationship with
Hongxia; Dr Bose’s report did not mention anything about this.

43 In March 2003, the Defendant was in all likelihood prepared to accept a
situation where the Plaintiff could have liaisons with other women but not
enter into a serious relationship. When the parties separated in March 2003,
the Plaintiff made it clear to the Defendant that he might and would date
other women. In his e-mail to the Defendant dated 6 March 2003,[note: 40] the
Plaintiff told the Defendant that she must continue to be faithful and loving
to him while he may engage in casual relationships with other women:

If you must have clarity, you cannot date any man so long as you are married
to me, notwithstanding the separation, nor show any interest in any man other
than me. You shall continue to be warm, wifely and loving to me at all times
without expecting anything from me other than the financial assistance. On my
part, I will respond in accordance with firstly any assessment of your
sincerity and genuine desire to atone for your sin and unfaithfulness, and
secondly, of course, _my own development of feelings for other women who may
turn up in my life. I intend to have girlfriends as I do need a lot of love,
and you know that._ I need someone to take care of me, be faithful to me and
not forsake me for another. In turn I will shower that person with my love, as
I did to you and the boys. To the extent that you could share some of that
love if you continue to devote yourself only to me, I will try my very best to
make it possible.

[emphasis added]

44 In another e-mail to the Defendant dated 7 March 2003,[note: 41] the
Plaintiff reported to the Defendant his success at dating women and reiterated
to the Defendant that she must continue to show him love in order for them to
have a hope of reconciliation:

_I am just about trying to recover my ego by dating women and I am surprising
myself. Without exceptions, everyone accepted my date the first time I tried_.
Maybe they are after my money. But not all of them. Many men too have said I
am charming, handsome, honest, principled, brilliant etc. I do not need re-
validation, so I am beginning to discover. You were the real problem in my
view, your looseness and your deceitfulness.

...

I am not sure I can get over this with you. _That is why I want you to
maintain your faithfulness to me_. If you cannot, then there is nothing more I
can say or do. _If you can, at least we both have a chance of giving this a
shot again_ , as the couple we should have been. I will try to reform my
behaviour, which I have done to a great extent over the years, and you have to
love me like you did for the past months since November 2002 till early
February 2003.

...

_Going forward you will have to love me like you never did even though we are
separated. If you make me feel loved_ , pour all the love you can to me
without being too hypocritical, show deeds more than words, show care and
attention, show remorse, show that you want to enjoy a part of me, even a
small part would make you happy, show that you have only me in your heart,
mind and soul, _then there may be a possibility of my returning to you_.

[emphasis added]

45 In addition, the Defendant stated herself in her affidavit that the
Plaintiff told his friends and relatives that she had agreed to him having a
mistress and would go on dates with women from China before informing her
about the details of his dates. In another affidavit, the Defendant stated
that the Plaintiff was dating several Chinese nationals in November 2002 and
already had a mistress by February or March 2003.[note: 42]

46 The Plaintiff had stated in his affidavit that he believed the Defendant
found out sometime in June 2003 that he had met Hongxia, and he sensed a
change in the Defendant’s attitude towards him then.[note: 43] Hongxia stated
in her affidavit[note: 44] that she has known the Plaintiff since sometime in
the middle of 2003 and started going steady with the Plaintiff in the later
part of 2003. All these were not rebutted or denied by the Defendant in her
affidavits; in fact, the Defendant has been silent about Hongxia throughout
all her affidavits and talked about an unidentified “mistress” instead,[note:
45] except for one notable instance where she averred that the Plaintiff had
digressed in his affidavit when he stated that she was unable to accept
Hongxia as his partner because it was irrelevant to the proceedings.[note: 46]

47 I now come to the Defendant’s allegation[note: 47] that she signed the Deed
on the Plaintiff’s false promise that he would reconcile with her if she did
so and she bore the hope then that the Plaintiff would accept her back. I find
it difficult to believe that the Defendant was misled in the way she had
claimed. In the same e-mail dated 21 March 2003 that the Defendant wrote to
the Plaintiff already referred to above at [31], the Defendant herself
acknowledged that the Plaintiff has been seeing other women on a casual basis.
By then, the Plaintiff had announced that he could live without her and she
was devastated by his announcement. It was the Defendant who expressed hope of
getting back together in the future and that she would happily tear up the
Deed. The Defendant wrote:

Dearest Wong,

I wrote you a long letter explaining how I have loved you and continue to
still love you and it is not necessary to repeat it here. Since this nightmare
began, my first priority has always been that we reconcile. You know how happy
I was when you told me just before Chinese New Year that we could continue to
love together after Chinese New Year. _I think I have continued to be a warm
and loving wife to you despite your going out with and pursuing other women
since the beginning of this year._ Unfortunately, _when you returned from
Harbin and Shanghai, you decided that you would be better off and could live
without me_. That completely devastated me such that I really needed to take
my medication to get through the days and the nights and had to increase the
dosage. I am still dependent on medication now.

...

_I still hope we can get back together again and I shall be so happy to tear
up the separation agreement_. _I will continue to be devoted, warm and
faithful even as you go looking for other women._ Now that we are living
separately, I do not know how to help you heal except continue to love you and
be concerned about you and _hopefully we could get back together against some
time in the future._

[emphasis added]

48 In my view, the Defendant had overstated her claim of the Plaintiff’s
promise of reconciliation. The Deed contained two clauses which are telling.
First, the Deed contemplates a divorce between the parties and obliges the
Defendant to give her consent to a divorce based on their separation when the
time came (see clause 8). Secondly, on the outside chance that the couple
should get back together, the Deed would become void if they co-habited as man
and wife for over a continuous period of six months after the date of the Deed
(see clause 9). Furthermore, the Deed would be void save for accrued rights
under the Deed which remained enforceable against the wrongdoer.

49 I now come to the final piece of evidence that militated against the
vitiating factors raised by the Defendant. The evidence showed that the
Defendant was able to fully function at work. As disclosed in the Plaintiff’s
affidavit,[note: 48] the Defendant held important appointments in her field as
well as in other areas she was involved in. At various times, the Defendant
was the Vice Dean of her Faculty, the President of the Singapore Society for
Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, and the Vice President for Academic
Planning at the Asian University for Women. To further buttress the point that
the Defendant had no difficulties functioning for the large part of the year
of 2003 during the time the Defendant was on study leave to pursue a diploma
in medical education,[note: 49] the Plaintiff adduced documentary evidence to
show that the Defendant received several grants for research projects, worked
on various projects and published numerous papers during 2003.[note: 50] She
also wrote an article regarding the improvement of the medical graduate
programme and supervision of postgraduate students, which was published in
June 2003 for the Centre for Development of Teaching and Learning.[note: 51]
From these examples, I agreed with Mr Khoo that it was hard to accept the
Defendant’s claim that she was completely broken and was in a state of
depression so as to diminish her ability to think clearly and rationally to
fully understand what the Deed would entail during the months leading up to
the signing of the Deed. The evidence pointed to the Defendant’s energy and
capacity for mentally challenging work during 2003. It is highly unlikely that
she was unable to appreciate the significance of the Deed when she considered
and signed it in March 2003. This view is reinforced by Dr Yeo’s comments on
the Defendant’s ability to fully function at work in 2003:[note: 52]

In Dr Bose’s affidavit, there was no mention to account for Mdm Khoo’s ability
to function at such a high intellectual level while holding her opinion that
Mdm Khoo could not think rationally or clearly at that period in March 2003.

...

There is no mention of Mdm Khoo not being able to function in her academic
duties or in her ability to continue in her post-graduate course work during
this period. I note that since then, Mdm Khoo had received a teaching award
and had taken up higher academic posts both locally and abroad.

It is obvious that Mdm Khoo is blessed with high intelligence and is an
individual that had identified and had taken on may leadership roles in
academia.

Thus, unless there are corroborating evidence to show that Mdm Khoo was not
able to function at work due to her stress and mental state in March 2003, I
am of the opinion that her innate superior intellectual capacity would make it
very difficult to conclude, especially without examining her then, that Mdm
Khoo was not able to think clearly or rationally and thus not understand what
she was signing in March 2003.

50 In the light of all the above, I was unable to accept Ms Ragupathy’s
contention that the Defendant was coerced, abused and/or threatened into
signing the Deed or did not understand the consequences and risks of signing
the Deed. I concluded that the Deed was not tainted by any of the vitiating
factors suggested by Ms Ragupathy.

51 Ms Ragupathy’s fallback argument is that if the Deed was valid, it was
repudiated or terminated by reason of the alleged breaches of its terms by the
Plaintiff. I agreed with Mr Khoo that there were no clear statements in the
Defendant’s affidavits alluding to the termination of the Deed or that she had
accepted the Plaintiff’s repudiatory breach. In fact, the premise of her
affidavits was of a subsisting agreement and her focus was on setting it aside
because of vitiating factors.

Conclusion

52 For the reasons set out above, I dismissed SUM 1553/2011. I reserved the
issue of costs for SUM 1553/2011 until after the ancillary matters are decided
by me.

53 I wish to point out that even though the Deed was not set aside, the Deed
would have to be scrutinised in order to determine the weight to be given to
it in deciding the ancillary matters. Section 112(1) of the Charter gives the
court the power to order a division of matrimonial assets “in such proportions
as the court thinks just and equitable”. Matrimonial agreements do not and
cannot oust the court’s jurisdiction to order a just and equitable division of
matrimonial assets. An agreement between parties to a marriage relating to the
division of matrimonial assets like the Deed cannot automatically be enforced
in and of itself and is only one of the factors listed under section 112(2) of
the Charter to be considered by the court in determining a just and equitable
division of the matrimonial assets, and the weight to be accorded to such an
agreement depends on the precise facts and circumstances of the case itself:
see _TQ v TR_ at [73]-[75], [77], [80], [103]; _AOO v AON_ [2011] 4 SLR 1169
at [19]; _AFS v AFU_ [2011] 3 SLR 275 at [17]-[18]. As the court noted in _TQ
v TR_ (at [80], [86]), such an agreement may be given conclusive weight and
effectively enforced in its entirety if the facts and circumstances warranted
so. Similar sentiments have been expressed by Chao Hick Tin JA in a recent
decision of the Court of Appeal in _AQS v AQR_ [2012] SGCA 3. Chao JA
reiterated (at [35]):

In any case, an agreement between the parties made in contemplation of divorce
could not be decisive. It is only one of the factors listed in s112(2) of the
Women’s Charter that the court must take into account as part of its
overarching duty to reach a just and equitable division in light of all the
circumstances of the case. This Court affirmed in _TQ v TR and another appeal_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 961 at [75] that even though post-nuptial agreements could be
accorded more weight than pre-nuptial agreements, how much weight was to be
allocated to a postnuptial must ultimately depend on the precise circumstances
of the case.

54 As for the circumstances to be taken into consideration in the
determination of the weight to be given to a matrimonial agreement, the oft-
cited dictum of Ormrod LJ in _Edgar v Edgar_ [1980] 1 WLR 1410 is relevant and
provides valuable guidance (see, _eg_ , _Granatino v Radmacher_ [2011] 1 AC
534 at [38]; _MacLeod v MacLeod_ [2010] 1 AC 298 at [25], [42]; _NA v MA_
[2007] 1 FLR 1760 at [13]; _A v B (Financial Relief: Agreements)_ [2005] 2
F.L.R. 730 at [13]; _X v X (Y and Z Intervening)_ [2002] 1 F.L.R. 508 at [84];
_Benson v Benson (Deceased)_ [1996] 1 F.L.R. 692 at 704G-705B). Ormrod LJ said
(at 1417):

To decide what weight should be given, in order to reach a just result, to a
prior agreement not to claim a lump sum, regard must be had to the conduct of
both parties, leading up to the prior agreement, and to their subsequent
conduct, in consequence of it. It is not necessary in this connection to think
in formal legal terms, such as misrepresentation or estoppel;  _all_ the
circumstances as they affect each of two human beings must be considered in
the complex relationship of marriage. So, the circumstances surrounding the
making of the agreement are relevant. Under pressure by one side, exploitation
of a dominant position to secure an unreasonable advantage, inadequate
knowledge, possibly bad legal advice, an important change of circumstances,
unforeseen or overlooked at the time of making the agreement, are all relevant
to the question of justice between the parties. Important too is the general
proposition that formal agreements, properly and fairly arrived at with
competent legal advice, should not be displaced unless there are good and
substantial grounds for concluding that an injustice will be done by holding
the parties to the terms of their agreement. There may well be other
considerations which affect the justice of this case; the above list is not
intended to be an exclusive catalogue.

55 Essentially, where the marital agreement is valid and subsisting, the court
will look at the facts and circumstances that are likely to reduce or
eliminate the weight to be attached to the marital agreement. I have in mind,
unconscionable conduct as such undue pressure (falling short of duress).
Another example is unworthy conduct such as exploitation of a dominant
position to secure an unfair advantage. An important change of circumstances,
unforeseen or overlooked at the time of entering into the marital agreement
may be relevant.

56 The appropriate weight to be given to the Deed is yet to be argued and
determined and this will take place at the adjourned hearing of the ancillary
matters.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 9.12.10 at para 13

[note: 2]Defendant’s Submissions at paras 7, 66

[note: 3]Defendant’s Submissions at para 69

[note: 4]Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 26-31

[note: 5]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 33

[note: 6]Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 35-36

[note: 7]Plaintiff’s Submissions at para 39

[note: 8]Plaintiff’s Submissions at paras 37

[note: 9]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 17.11.06 at para 66

[note: 10]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 17.11.06 at paras 68-69

[note: 11]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at pp 114-116

[note: 12]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at p109

[note: 13]Affidavit of Wong Shin En filed on 29.12.06 at para 5

[note: 14]Affidavit of Khoo Say Guan filed on 25.6.07 at para 5

[note: 15]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at para 68

[note: 16]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 16.1.08 at para 101

[note: 17]Affidavit of Wong Kien Haw filed on 25.1.08 at pp 2-3; Affidavit of
Wong Kan Por filed on 25.1.08 at pp 3-5

[note: 18]Affidavit of Wong Chiew Li filed on 25.1.08 at pp 2-4

[note: 19]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 21.7.10 at para 28

[note: 20]Affidavit of Wong Kan Por filed on 25.1.08 at para 10; Affidavit of
Wong Kan Yuen filed on 25.1.08 at para 6

[note: 21]Affidavit of Bessy Gill filed on 25.1.08 at para 4

[note: 22]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 17.11.06 at para 75

[note: 23]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at para 93

[note: 24]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 17.11.06 at para 76

[note: 25]Affidavit of Khoo Say Guan filed on 25.6.07 at para. 5

[note: 26]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 16.1.08 at pp 146-147

[note: 27]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 21.7.10 at p224

[note: 28]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 16.1.08 at p 93

[note: 29]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 2.11.06 at para 158; Plaintiff’s
Affidavit affirmed on 16.1.08 at para 84

[note: 30]Affidavit of Peter Moe affirmed on 30.10.06 at paras 7, 10, 11;
Affidavit of Peter Moe affirmed on 8.12.10 at para 9

[note: 31]Affidavit of Peter Moe affirmed on 30.10.06 at para 8

[note: 32]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at para 85

[note: 33]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 24.8.10 at para 53

[note: 34]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 in reply to the Affidavit
of Peter Moe affirmed on 30.10.06 at paras 6, 8-10

[note: 35]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 in reply to the Affidavit
of Peter Moe affirmed on 30.10.06 at 37-49

[note: 36]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 in reply to the First
Affidavit of Peter Moe affirmed on 30.1.06 at para 8

[note: 37]Affidavit of Dr Pushpa Bose filed on 25.1.08, exhibit “PB-1”

[note: 38]Affidavit of Dr Brian Yeo filed on 24.8.10 at p 2 of his report

[note: 39]Affidavit of Dr Brian Yeo filed 24.8.10 at p 3 of his report

[note: 40]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at p102

[note: 41]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at pp 106-107

[note: 42]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 24.8.10 at para 81

[note: 43]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 16.1.08 at para 45

[note: 44]Affidavit of Li Hongxia affirmed on 21.7.10 at para 3

[note: 45]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 17.11.06 at para 66(x);
Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at paras 74, 81, 99; Defendant’s
Affidavit affirmed on 24.8.10 at paras 48, 79-81.

[note: 46]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 24.8.10 at para 87.

[note: 47]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 17.11.06 at para 71; Defendant’s
Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at para 69; Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on
24.8.10 at paras 26, 62, & 65,

[note: 48]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 16.1.08 at pp155-176

[note: 49]Defendant’s Affidavit affirmed on 15.1.08 at p 21

[note: 50]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 21 .7.10 at pp75-88

[note: 51]Plaintiff’s Affidavit affirmed on 21.7.10 at pp97-98.

[note: 52]Affidavit of Dr Brian Yeo filed on 24.8.10 at pp 3-4 of his report

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

