Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tay Boon Cheng Gina _v_ Goh Ah Poo  
[2012] SGHC 217

Case Number| :| Divorce Transfer No 4520 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 29 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Wong Chai Kin (Wong Chai Kin) for the plaintiff; Amerjeet
Singh (Hoh Law Corporation) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Tay Boon Cheng Gina — Goh Ah Poo  
  
29 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This case concerned the determination of ancillary matters. I made orders on
maintenance, division of matrimonial assets and custody against which orders
the Wife has filed an appeal (in Civil Appeal No 120 of 2012).

The background

2 The plaintiff Tay Boon Cheng Gina (“the Wife”) married the defendant Goh Ah
Poo (“the Husband”) on 24 November 1989. They have two sons who are presently
20 and 16 years of age respectively (collectively “the children”). On 31
October 2011 the Wife obtained an interim judgment dissolving the marriage on
the ground of the Husband’s unreasonable behaviour. Both parties then appeared
before me on 7 September 2012 to settle the ancillary matters consequent on
the interim judgment _._

3 The issues that needed my consideration were:

(a) Custody, care and control of the children;

(b) Maintenance for the Wife and the children and;

(c) Division of the matrimonial assets.

Custody, care and control

4 The parties agreed to joint custody of the children. The Wife sought care
and control of the children with reasonable access to the Husband, while the
Husband sought care and control of the children with unlimited access to the
Wife.

5 The Wife claimed that the children had expressed their wish to live with
her. She also alleged that the Husband was always travelling and rarely spent
time at home. This was confirmed by the Husband’s own evidence, which
indicated that he would normally return home very late and often had to go on
overseas trips due to his commitments in the Kampong Tiong Bahru West
Residents’ Committee.

6 The Husband on the other hand countered that the Wife had attempted suicide
before and was thus unsuitable to have care and control of the children. The
medical report furnished by the Institute of Mental Health (“IMH”) confirmed
that the Wife had been admitted to the IMH from 9 August 2007 after a suicide
attempt. She was diagnosed to have a situational reaction and was discharged
on 15 August 2007. Since then, the Wife has been taking medication for anxiety
and insomnia but has not suffered from any major psychiatric episode. The Wife
also stated in her affidavit that she has fully recovered from her depression.

7 Having regard to the evidence before me, I was persuaded that the Husband’s
busy schedule would make him a less suitable caregiver than the Wife. I was
also satisfied that the Wife’s mental condition had stabilised enough that she
was able to exercise care and control over her children. I therefore ordered
that the Wife be granted care and control of the younger son, subject to his
wishes as to which parent he chose to live with. The younger son is old enough
to have an independent opinion on this issue. As for the older son, I made no
order as to his custody because he would turn 21 on 10 September 2012 just
three days after I heard the ancillary matters.

Maintenance

8 Under a maintenance order issued on 21 June 2011 (“the Maintenance Order”),
the Husband was ordered to pay the Wife monthly maintenance of $700, which
comprised of $200 for the elder son, $400 for the younger son and $100 for the
Wife. At the hearing before me, the Wife requested monthly maintenance of $400
for the elder son, $500 for the younger son, and $400 for herself. The Husband
counter-offered $500 for the elder son, $400 for the younger son but only $100
for the Wife.

9 The take-home monthly incomes of the Husband and Wife were about $3,000 and
$1,500 respectively. In terms of monthly expenses, the Husband claimed that he
needed $2,254.14 (excluding the sums he has to pay in maintenance), while the
Wife claimed that she required $1,705. If the Husband’s proposal (_supra_ at
[8]) were adopted, he would be paying a total of $1,000 in maintenance ($100
of which goes to the Wife), which works out to $2,000 for himself and $1,600
for the Wife. This seemed reasonable to me in view of the parties’ reported
monthly expenses. I therefore ordered maintenance in terms of the Husband’s
proposal. I further ordered that the Husband be responsible for the tuition
fees of the two children when they pursue tertiary education.

Division of matrimonial assets

10 The parties’ dispute over the division of the matrimonial assets centred on
two properties – a 4-room HDB flat held by both parties as joint tenants (“the
flat”), and a HDB shophouse owned solely by the Husband and used for his
bicycle-cum-motorcycle business (“the shophouse”). Based on recent resale
prices of similar units on the same floor, the flat had an estimated value of
$666,500, while a valuation report obtained by the Wife valued the shophouse
at $1.35 million.

11 It was clear that both properties constituted matrimonial assets. The flat
was the parties’ matrimonial home, while the shophouse was purchased on 16
February 1996 during the parties’ marriage and therefore fell within the
definition of “matrimonial asset” as an asset “acquired during the marriage by
one party or both parties to the marriage” (see s 112(10)(b) of the Women’s
Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)).

12 The Wife wanted the flat to be transferred to her for no consideration and
without any refund to the Husband’s CPF account, while the Husband (after some
discussions between parties and the court) was agreeable to selling the flat
and dividing the proceeds equally with the Wife. However, he wanted to keep
the shophouse for himself, while the Wife wanted it to be sold and to be
awarded 35% of the proceeds.

The parties’ contributions

13 In terms of financial contributions, the Husband had contributed about 79%
of the payments towards the purchase price of the flat thus far (including an
estimated $30,000 that he had spent on renovations and electrical appliances).
He was also solely responsible for the purchase of the shophouse. The Wife
contributed the remaining 21% of the payments towards the flat, and there was
evidence that she had used her own money to purchase replacement furniture and
appliances when they broke down. She also paid for some of the children’s
medical bills.

14 As for non-financial contributions, the Wife had been working for the
Husband at his business from 1990 until at least 2001. She was paid $1,000 per
month by the Husband, and he had also made employer contributions to her CPF
account from August 1995 to February 2004. There was some dispute over the
precise scope of her duties – the Husband claimed that she only worked as a
cashier while the Wife insisted that she did some administrative work as well.
Overall, I was satisfied that while the Wife did aid the Husband in the
running of his business, it was in the capacity of an employee and she did not
play a part in developing the business or generating profits. In other words,
she made neither direct nor indirect contribution towards the business or to
the acquisition of the shophouse.

15 The Wife was also primarily responsible for managing the household and
doing household chores. However, when it came to the children’s upbringing,
the Husband claimed that the elder son had lived with his sister on weekdays
until he was 13, while the younger son was cared for by a neighbour until he
was 5, with the Husband paying the babysitting fees to his sister and the
neighbour. The Wife did not dispute this save to clarify that the arrangement
for the elder son ended when he was 11, while the arrangement for the younger
son ended when he was 2. Thereafter she enrolled the latter in a childcare
centre and raised funds for the fees by pawning her and her husband’s
jewellery. Even accepting the Wife’s account to be true, the fact remained
that the children were substantially cared for by third parties while they
were young, and I could not give her full credit for raising them.

The decision

16 In deciding the just and equitable division of matrimonial assets, a court
should make “a holistic assessment of all the circumstances of the case”,
instead of “embark[ing] on a mathematical calculation in a fruitless attempt
to ascertain and attribute the ‘correct’ percentage to each party's actual
contribution” (_NK v NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 at [36]). This is especially so
when there is conflicting evidence regarding the precise extent of each
party’s contributions, as is so often the case in matrimonial proceedings.

17 Having regard to the parties’ contributions during the marriage, I was of
the view that the Wife should _prima facie_ be granted 40% of the flat. In
addition, I considered that the Wife ought to be granted a small share of 10%
in the shophouse in recognition of the years she had spent working there for
which she was paid. However, I did not consider it satisfactory for the
shophouse to be sold as it was the only source of the Husband’s income and
would also be his residence after the flat has been sold. Further, the Husband
would be responsible for the continued maintenance of the Wife and children,
including the payment of the children’s tertiary education fees.

18 In the light of those considerations, I thought it best to and did, order
the flat to be sold in the open market within 6 months for at least $650,000,
with the net sale proceeds to be divided 50:50 between the parties. In view of
the Wife’s 50% share in the flat’s proceeds, which amounted to giving her an
additional 19% over and above her direct contribution of 21% towards the
acquisition of the flat and an additional 10% share for her notional share in
the shophouse, I allowed the Husband to retain the shophouse. Finally, I
ordered the Husband to reimburse the Wife from his half share of the sale
proceeds of the flat, the expense of $600 that she had incurred as valuation
fee for the shophouse.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

