Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Subtle Senses Pte Ltd (in creditor’s voluntary liquidation) _v_
Healthtrends Medical Investments Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 148

Case Number| :| Suit No 53 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Woo Bih Li J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Kok Peng and Ho Mingjie Kevin (Braddell Brothers LLP)
for the plaintiff; Aqbal Singh s/o Kuldip Singh (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  Subtle Senses Pte Ltd (in creditor's voluntary liquidation) —
Healthtrends Medical Investments Pte Ltd  
  
23 July 2012|  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

Introduction

1 This is a case which highlights the importance of companies within a group
structure being accurate in their accounting records and forthcoming in their
dealings with one another or with external parties. In this case, the
plaintiff was an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the defendant prior to
the plaintiff being placed under creditors’ voluntary winding up. The
plaintiff sought to recover moneys paid by a third party to the defendant on
the basis that the moneys were held by the defendant as the plaintiff’s
nominee, as evidenced from the plaintiff’s contract with the third party. The
defendant, however, contended that the moneys were the true and exclusive
consideration for another contract it had entered into with the parent company
of the third party, even though this position was not reflected in the latter
contract.

2 Having considered the evidence and submissions, I granted judgment in favour
of the plaintiff. The defendant has filed an appeal to the Court of Appeal.
The detailed reasons for my decision are set out below.

Facts

3 The plaintiff, Subtle Senses Pte Ltd, was, prior to liquidation, in the
business of providing spa services. It was started in 2003 and was acquired by
the defendant, Healthtrend Medical Investments Pte Ltd, to be part of the
defendant’s group of companies (“the Healthtrends Group”) in 2008.

4 After the defendant’s acquisition of the plaintiff, the plaintiff became an
indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the defendant. The plaintiff’s sole
shareholder was a company known as Healthtrends Medical Group Pte Ltd
(“HTMG”). All of the ordinary shares of HTMG were, in turn, owned by a company
known as Healthtrends Holding Pte Ltd (“HTH”), which in turn was wholly-owned
by the defendant.

5 At all material times and prior to its liquidation, the plaintiff’s board of
directors consisted of: (i) Mr Gerald Lim King Wee (“Gerald Lim”) who was the
plaintiff’s initial founder prior to the acquisition by Healthtrends Group;
(ii) Dr Billy Hardie (“Hardie”), a managing director of the defendant and the
Healthtrends Group; and (iii) Mr Kong Chee Keong (“Kong”), the then chief
financial officer of the defendant and the Healthtrends Group. The plaintiff’s
finance manager at all material times was Ms Sally Ang Poh Choo (“Sally Ang”).

6 The defendant, as the ultimate holding company of the Healthtrends Group,
did not generate revenue through business activities but had overall charge of
the group’s business activities. According to the defendant, at all material
times, it oversaw the provision of financial support to the subsidiaries
comprising the Healthtrends Group, including but not limited to the provision
of working capital to the said subsidiaries.[note: 1]

7 Between February 2010 and March 2010, Hardie and Kong negotiated a deal with
True Spa Pte Ltd and Tru’Est Pte Ltd (collectively, “the True Companies”)
whereby the plaintiff agreed to acquire the True Companies’ businesses, taking
over its customers and assets.[note: 2]

8 On 17 March 2010, the plaintiff and the True Companies entered into a
business sale agreement (“BSA”). Under the terms of the BSA, the plaintiff was
obliged to take over the True Companies’ businesses; and the True Companies
were obliged, _inter alia_ , to pay a sum of S$1.25 million (“the Cash
Consideration”). The relevant clauses in the BSA were as follows:[note: 3]

3.1 Sale Consideration

The consideration for the assumption by the Purchaser of the Assumed
Liabilities relating to the Businesses shall be:

3.1.1 the sale, transfer, assignment, conveyance and delivery by the [True
Companies] to the [Plaintiff] of all of the [True Companies’] rights, title
and interest in and to the Assets relating to the Businesses and all the
Business Records relating to the Businesses as of Completion; and

3.1.2 an amount in cash of S$1,250,000 …

9 Importantly, under cl 3.3 of the BSA, the True Companies were obliged to pay
the Cash Consideration to:[note: 4]

the account of the [plaintiff] or [the defendant] (_as the [plaintiff’s]
nominee_) as directed by the [plaintiff] …

[emphasis added]

The defendant relied on this provision to claim that it was beneficially
entitled to the Cash Consideration.

10 On the same day the BSA was entered into (_ie_ , 17 March 2010), the parent
company of the True Companies – CJ Group Pte Ltd (“CJ Group”) – signed a share
subscription agreement (“SSA”) with the defendant wherein the defendant would
issue 5,232,610 shares (about 2% of its enlarged shareholding) to CJ Group for
a stated subscription price of S$1.00.[note: 5] Clause 4 of the SSA indicated
that the parties intended completion of both the SSA and the BSA to take place
simultaneously:[note: 6]

Completion [of the SSA] shall take place … simultaneously with the completion
of the sale and purchase of the business of [the True Companies] pursuant to
the agreement dated 17 March 2010 entered into among [the True Companies] and
[the plaintiff]…

11 However, in fact, completion under the BSA was effected on 24 April 2010
and completion under the SSA was effected on 2 June 2010.[note: 7]

12 Mr Patrick Wee (“Patrick Wee”), director of both the True Companies and CJ
Group, signed the BSA and the SSA (“the Written Agreements”) on behalf of the
True Companies and CJ Group respectively. His late brother, Mr John Wee (“John
Wee”), an alternate director of the True Companies, was intimately involved in
the negotiations leading to the Written Agreements.

13 According to Hardie, the True Companies paid the Cash Consideration to the
defendant between 23 April 2010 and 30 July 2010, in four separate tranches
(less a sum of S$114,614.05 deducted as a set-off for various operational
expenses incurred by the True Companies in relation to the businesses
transferred to the plaintiff). In total, a sum of S$1,135,385.95 was paid to
the defendant.[note: 8]

14 Between 5 May 2010 and 4 August 2010, the defendant in turn remitted a
total of $577,058.19 to the plaintiff over four tranches;[note: 9]_each
remittance occurring shortly after payment of a tranche of the Cash
Consideration was made by the True Companies to the defendant_.[note: 10]
According to the plaintiff, a balance sum of S$558,327.76 remained due from
the defendant to the plaintiff from the moneys paid by the True Companies.

15 Throughout this entire period (_ie_ , between May 2010 to August 2010), all
moneys received from the True Companies as payment of the Cash Consideration
was recorded in the defendant’s accounting records as _an amount due to the
plaintiff_ ; and the plaintiff’s accounting records also reflected the same
amount as _a sum due from the defendant_. Each remittance made by the
defendant to the plaintiff was also subsequently recorded in the defendant’s
accounting records as a reduction in the amount due to the plaintiff.[note:
11]

16 Beginning in September 2010, the plaintiff’s management, (_ie_ , Gerald Lim
and Sally Ang, sent emails and a letter to the defendant to request the
defendant to pay the plaintiff the remaining Cash Consideration withheld by
the defendant (_ie_ , S$558,327.76). These emails stated that the plaintiff
considered the moneys as belonging to them. None of the directors of the
defendant denied the assertions in the emails.[note: 12]

17 In or about October 2010, the plaintiff instructed M/s WongPartnership LLP
to issue a statutory demand dated 13 October 2010 to the defendant seeking
payment of the sum of S$569,990.86 (which included a separate sum of
S$11,663.10 for expenses incurred by the plaintiff on the defendant’s
behalf).[note: 13] The statutory demand stated the BSA as the basis of the
claim for the remaining Cash Consideration. The defendant replied through a
letter from their then solicitors, M/s Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC, dated 15
October 2010, wherein _it did not deny the basis of the plaintiff’s demand_ ,
but merely stated that it was entitled to raise certain set-offs “given the
business relations, inter-company finances and close connection between the
parties”.[note: 14]

18 On or about 19 October 2010, the plaintiff was placed under provisional
liquidation by way of a resolution passed by the plaintiff’s board of
directors. The plaintiff was subsequently placed under creditors’ voluntary
winding up on 16 November 2010. During a creditors’ meeting held for this
purpose, Hardie presented to the plaintiff’s creditors the plaintiff’s
Statement of Affairs (“SOA”) which stated, _inter alia_ , the following:[note:
15]

**TRADE DEBTOR AND INTERCOMPANY DEBTOR SCHEDULE**

Description |  NBV S$ |  Realisable Value % |  Liquidation Value S$  
---|---|---|---  
Accounts receivable Astique Medical Pte ltd [sic] Healthtrends Medical Group Cash Healthtrends Medical Group Transfer of Debt Healthtrends Medical Investment Healthtrend Medical Specialist Pte Ltd Healthtrends Medical Holdings Pte Ltd |  10,781.79 1,605.00 250,000.00 481,880.36 **_453,617.86_** (7,582.34) (50,835.58) |  25% 100% 100% 0% 100% 100% 100% |  2,695.45 1,605.00 250,000.00 - **_453,617.86_** (7,582.34) (50,835.58)  
|  1,139,467.09 |  |  649,500.39  
  
  

[emphasis added]

19 The SOA was signed and certified by Hardie on 12 November 2010 verifying
that the contents of the SOA were true and accurate – _ie_ , that the sum of
S$453,617.86 was due and owing from the defendant to the plaintiff. This was
also confirmed by Hardie under cross-examination,[note: 16] though he claimed
to have subsequently changed his mind as to the accuracy of the SOA after
discussions with Baker Tilly Consultancy (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Baker
Tilly”).[note: 17]

20 According to the plaintiff, the sum of S$453,617.86 stated in the SOA
constituted the outstanding amount (“the Outstanding Sum”) due from the
defendant to the plaintiff from the Cash Consideration paid by the True
Companies under the BSA, after taking into account various debits and credits
between the plaintiff and the defendant. The Outstanding Sum thus formed the
subject matter of the plaintiff’s claim in this action.

21 Following the appointment of liquidators, the liquidators or their
solicitors wrote to the defendant or its solicitors to demand the return of
the Outstanding Sum on three separate occasions. The only responses from the
defendant’s solicitors were holding responses.[note: 18]

22 Subsequently, the plaintiff commenced the present action on 26 January 2011
and served the Writ of Summons and Statement of Claim on the defendant’s
solicitors on the same day.[note: 19] In its original Defence and Counterclaim
filed on 21 February 2011, the defendant again did not deny that the plaintiff
was the beneficial owner of the Outstanding Sum. Instead, it pleaded a
counterclaim based upon various expenditures which it alleged was incurred at
the plaintiff’s request and pursuant to an agreement between the parties and
it also counterclaimed payment for alleged management services rendered by it
to the plaintiff.[note: 20]

23 It was only until 27 May 2011 when Hardie filed a reply affidavit resisting
the plaintiff’s application for summary judgment that the issue as to the
beneficial ownership of the Cash Consideration was first raised by the
defendant against the plaintiff’s claim.

The plaintiff’s case

24 The plaintiff’s case in seeking to recover the Outstanding Sum was as
follows:[note: 21]

(a) The Outstanding Sum comprised moneys paid by the True Companies to the
defendant as payment of the Cash Consideration under the BSA between the True
Companies and the plaintiff;

(b) The moneys were paid to the defendant solely as the plaintiff’s nominee;
and

(c) The defendant was obliged to pay the moneys received from the True
Companies to the plaintiff as money had and received by the defendant to the
use of the plaintiff and/or as a bare trustee, being nothing more than a
nominee of the plaintiff for the purpose of receiving the moneys from the True
Companies.

25 During oral submissions, counsel for the plaintiff acknowledged that he was
not seriously pressing the alternative cause of action that there was a bare
trust between the plaintiff and the defendant.[note: 22] The plaintiff was
therefore relying primarily on the cause of action of money had and received.

The defendant’s case

26 In response, the defendant submitted that the Cash Consideration (including
the Outstanding Sum) was vested beneficially in itself for the following
reasons:

(a) There was no agreement or undertaking on the part of the defendant that,
as between the plaintiff and the defendant, the latter would be the former’s
“nominee” for the purpose of receiving the Cash Consideration from the True
Companies;[note: 23]

(b) There was in existence an agreement or understanding between the relevant
parties (_ie_ , the CJ Group and the defendant, and the plaintiff and the
defendant) that the Cash Consideration was the true and exclusive
consideration for shares issued by the defendant to CJ Group under the
SSA;[note: 24] and

(c) The plaintiff was estopped by convention from denying that the beneficial
ownership of the Cash Consideration from the True Companies vested
beneficially in the defendant.[note: 25]

Issues

27 The following issues arose for my consideration:

(a) Was the plaintiff entitled to the Cash Consideration, which the True
Companies paid to the defendant, as moneys had and received by the defendant
to the use of the plaintiff?

(b) Was the plaintiff estopped by convention from denying that the beneficial
ownership of the Cash Consideration vested in the defendant?

The reasons for the court’s decision

The plaintiff was entitled to the Cash Consideration paid to the defendant as
moneys had and received

The defendant received the moneys from the True Companies as the plaintiff’s
nominee

28 The plaintiff’s action in money had and received rested largely on clear
documentary evidence – namely, the terms of the Written Agreements. Clause 3.3
of the BSA clearly stipulated that the defendant was to be paid the Cash
Consideration _as a nominee of the plaintiff_ , while the SSA indicated that
the consideration for the issued shares was for the nominal amount of S$1. The
Written Agreements were entered into on the same day (17 March 2010).

29 The directing minds of both the plaintiff and the defendant, (_ie_ , Hardie
and Kong), were involved in the negotiation of both the Written Agreements and
undisputedly had _actual knowledge_ of the terms and content of both
agreements. Thus, any suggestion by the defendant that its directors were
unaware of the terms of the BSA, or that the BSA could not in anyway affect
the relationship between the plaintiff and the defendant, was in my view
without merit.

30 In legal terminology, the word “nominee” as utilized in cl 3.3 of the BSA
is often used interchangeably with the word “agent” (see _Ching Mun Fong
(executrix of the estate of Tan Geok Tee, deceased) v Liu Cho Chit_ [2001] 1
SLR(R) 856 at [19] – [24]; _Neo Kok Eng v Yeow Chern Lean and Another Suit_
[2008] SGHC 151 at [102] and [103]). The plaintiff therefore submitted that
the defendant had collected the Cash Consideration _merely as the plaintiff’s
agent_. In refusing to pay over the Outstanding Sum to the plaintiff upon
demand, the plaintiff was thus entitled to bring an action in money had and
received against the defendant (see Peter Watts and FMB Reynolds, _Bowstead
and Reynolds on Agency_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 19th Ed, 2010) at para 6-100 (“
_Bowstead and Reynolds_ ”); _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , vol 15 (2006
Reissue) at [180.241]).

31 Although the defendant sought to contest the validity of the plaintiff’s
cause of action,[note: 26] none of the defendant’s witnesses could provide a
meaningful account as to why the word “nominee” was utilized in cl 3.3 of the
BSA and/or how it was to be interpreted if not as suggested by the plaintiff.
Under cross-examination, it became apparent that Hardie simply could not
_reasonably differ_ from the objective understanding of the word “nominee” as
adopted by the plaintiff:[note: 27]

Q: |  Dr Hardie, if, as you say, everyone was in agreement and therefore you were clear that they were going to pay the funds to [the defendant], why then do you feel the need to insert the word “nominee” in the agreement?  
---|---  
[Hardie]: |  I am not the one who inserted the word “nominee”. All parties were agreeable as to how to term this and then the word “nominee” was inserted.  
Q: |  By who?  
[Hardie]: |  Eventually, I guess it was the lawyers who did the editing of the documents there and then.  
Q: |  Are you saying that the lawyers did this without instructions from their clients?  
[Hardie]: |  I did not say that. I said that all parties were agreeable, hence, the lawyers inserted the “nominee”…  
Q: |  … Is that your position? That because as far as you are concerned, everyone is on the same page here, there is no need to specify in this agreement that the money must come to [the defendant]. You were content to have the words “as directed by the purchaser”?  
[Hardie]: |  Your Honour, I would like to confirm that.  
Q: |  Then I put it to you that the insertion of the word “nominee” has no purpose.  
[Hardie]: |  I disagree, your Honour.  
  
  

32 Indeed, had it been the intention of all parties that the Cash
Consideration was to be vested beneficially in the defendant as being the true
and exclusive consideration for the shares issued by the defendant, then the
BSA and the SSA would have been worded differently.

33 The defendant also submitted that an action for money had and received “by
a third party” (_ie_ , the plaintiff) should be limited to specific scenarios
which did not apply on the present facts, citing Andrew Phang Boon Leong,
_Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract (Second Singapore and
Malaysian Edition)_ (Butterworths Asia, 1998) at pp 1122–1124 as authority for
this position.[note: 28]

34 In my view, the defendant’s argument was misconceived. First, no
explanation was provided by the defendant as to what these “specific
scenarios” are. Secondly, and more importantly, the learned author of the
cited reference was expounding on third-party scenarios where the plaintiff
who was suing for money had and received was not a party to the contract it
was relying on. In the present case, however, the plaintiff _was the original
contracting party_ with the True Companies and its cause of action of money
had and received was juristically sourced to the _agency relationship_ (rather
than a contractual one) between the plaintiff and the defendant. As mentioned
above at [30], it is trite law that a principal can sue its agent for money
had and received if the latter has received money on the principal’s behalf,
whether or not the money was received by the agent from the principal himself
or a third party.

35 In the result, based on the plain reading of the Written Agreements, the
defendant was clearly the agent of the plaintiff with regard to the receipt of
the Cash Consideration. The evidential burden therefore shifted to the
defendant to show that when the circumstances _behind_ the Written Agreements
were revealed, there would still be a strong legal basis upon which the
defendant could legitimately claim beneficial ownership of the Cash
Consideration.

The defendant has no legal basis to claim beneficial ownership of the Cash
Consideration

(1) There was no clear agreement or understanding that the Cash Consideration
was the consideration for the defendant’s shares being issued to CJ Group
under the SSA

36 Throughout the trial, the defendant’s case hinged primarily on its
allegation that there was an agreement or understanding between the relevant
parties (_ie_ , CJ Group and itself; and the plaintiff and itself) that the
Cash Consideration was the true and exclusive consideration for the
defendant’s 5,232,610 shares issued to CJ Group under the SSA (“the Alleged
Agreements”). This appeared to be the only basis upon which the defendant
could claim that it had beneficial ownership of the Cash Consideration. In
fact, counsel for the defendant candidly acknowledged during oral submissions
that “if the [Cash Consideration] is not for the shares, then the basis of
[the defendant’s] defence falls”.[note: 29]

(A) The defendant’s case vis-à-vis the Written Agreements

37 The defendant’s case was a difficult one to mount right from the start
because it clearly contradicted the Written Agreements, both of which contain
entire agreement clauses (see cll 13.1 of the BSA and 8.3 of the SSA).[note:
30] Each of such clauses stipulated that each agreement contained the whole
agreement between the contracting parties. Although the plaintiff was not
entitled to rely on the entire agreement clause of the SSA since it was not a
party to that contract, and the entire agreement clause in the BSA did not
bind the defendant as it was not a party thereto, the defendant’s case was
nonetheless _evidentially weakened_ to the extent that the Alleged Agreements
ran counter to the formally drafted agreements. I would add that the plaintiff
did not rely on s 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) to preclude the
defendant from relying on the Alleged Agreements.

38 The defendant’s witnesses (_ie_ , Hardie and Kong) gave conflicting
evidence during cross-examination as to how the Alleged Agreements were to be
considered vis-à-vis the Written Agreements. While Hardie admitted that the
Alleged Agreements were not reflected at all in the Written Agreements,[note:
31] Kong insisted on the contrary that the insertion of the word “nominee” in
cl 3.3 of the BSA sufficiently reflected the Alleged Agreements between the
parties.[note: 32] In my view, Kong’s interpretation of the word “nominee” was
a bare assertion which could not be substantiated by any objective evidence.

(B) The defendant’s decision not to call its legal advisors and external
auditors at trial

39 It was also telling that despite the difficulties the defendant would face
in arguing against the plain reading of the Written Agreements and the
defendant’s financial statements, it had decided not to call its legal
advisors (who vetted or drafted the Written Agreements) and external auditors
(who prepared the financial statements) as witnesses for the trial.

40 Assuming that the defendant was indeed telling the truth with regard to the
Alleged Agreements, its legal advisors and external auditors could have
testified to great effect in the defendant’s favour. For example, its legal
advisors could have corroborated Kong’s account as to the reason(s) why the
word “nominee” was utilized. The same legal advisors could also have explained
why the alleged “true consideration [for the issued shares could] not be
reflected in the [SSA]” as the defendant so claimed.[note: 33]

41 Similarly, the defendant’s external auditors could also have given evidence
to explain why the financial statements of the defendant reflected the
plaintiff’s position and not the defendant’s, if the defendant’s version was
correct.

42 Therefore, I drew an adverse inference against the defendant for its
refusal to call its legal advisors and external auditors to corroborate its
evidence.

43 With the foregoing in mind, I now turn to consider the Alleged Agreements
which the defendant claimed to have existed: firstly, between CJ Group and
itself; and secondly, between the plaintiff and itself.

(C) THE ALLEGED AGREEMENT OR UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THE DEFENDANT AND CJ GROUP

44 The defendant first claimed that there was an agreement or understanding
with CJ Group (the contracting party to the SSA) that the Cash Consideration
was intended to be the true and exclusive consideration for the shares issued
under the SSA. According to the defendant, John Wee had informed the defendant
that if the SSA showed that the CJ Group was paying $1.25m for the shares in
the defendant, the CJ Group would require internal approval which would delay
the process. To avoid the alleged delay, the consideration for the shares of
the defendant was therefore stated in the SSA to be a nominal sum of S$1.
Consequently, the Cash Consideration under the BSA was stated to be part of
the consideration to be paid to the plaintiff by the True Companies for the
plaintiff’s assumption of liabilities under the BSA. Having considered the
evidence in totality, I was not persuaded that the aforementioned agreement or
understanding between CJ Group and the defendant existed for the following
reasons.

45 Firstly, Patrick Wee (director of CJ Group) had categorically denied the
defendant’s allegation under cross-examination. Patrick Wee had claimed that,
as the _sole_ director of CJ Group, he would have no difficulty internally
approving the investment in the defendant company even though there was
another shareholder in the CJ Group. He stressed that the Cash Consideration
was not for the acquisition of the shares. He also pointed out that no
financial information had been provided to John Wee or him from which they
could have assessed the value of the shares before allegedly agreeing to pay
the Cash Consideration for the shares. The defendant was not able to produce
any documentary evidence to contradict him on this point. Indeed, neither
Hardie nor Kong referred to any financial information which was disclosed to
John or Patrick Wee to enable either to assess the value of the shares.

46 Secondly, as mentioned at [10] above, the completion of the SSA was
supposed to take place simultaneously with the completion of the sale and
purchase of the businesses of the True Companies pursuant to the BSA but did
not. Upon completion under the SSA, the defendant was to deliver to the CJ
Group various documents including the share certificate for the shares. Upon
completion under the BSA, the True Companies were to pay the first of the four
instalments of the Cash Consideration to the plaintiff. The first instalment
was for $500,000 and the subsequent three instalments were for $250,000 each.
The subsequent three instalments were required under the BSA to be paid on or
before the last day of each calendar month commencing on or before the last
day of the month immediately after the month in which completion was effected
(see cll 3.2.1 and 3.2.2 of the BSA). As it turned out, completion of the BSA
was on 24 April 2010. The True Companies paid the first instalment of $500,000
on or about that date apparently without receiving the share certificate
because the SSA was completed only on 2 June 2010.

47 It appears that the CJ Group never chased for the issuance of the shares to
it, even though the first instalment was already paid (by the True Companies).
In any event, under the BSA, the True Companies’ payment of the Cash
Consideration is not conditional upon the CJ Group receiving the shares. These
points supported Patrick Wee’s evidence that the Cash Consideration was not in
payment for the shares and contradicted the defendant’s allegation that there
was an agreement with the CJ Group that the Cash Consideration was for the
shares.

48 Thirdly, although Kong said that the solicitors representing the parties
were aware right from the beginning of the drafting of the Written Agreements
that the Cash Consideration was for the acquisition of the shares, this point
was not inserted in the initial drafts of the Written Agreements.

49 Fourthly, the parties were scheduled to execute the Written Agreements at
1pm of 17 March 2010. Yet it was not until 11.55am of 17 March that Kong sent
an email to John Wee enclosing a draft of the SSA which showed the Cash
Consideration as being payable for the shares. To this, John Wee replied by
email at 12.14pm to say that the point had not been agreed and he was not
inclined to agree although the matter could be discussed. It was significant
that there was no written reply by Kong to say that the defendant was unable
to accommodate the wishes of the CJ Group and that the SSA should reflect the
true consideration for the shares. Eventually, the SSA was executed later that
day with the provision already mentioned in cl 3.3 whereby the True Companies
were to credit the account of the plaintiff or the defendant (as the
plaintiff’s nominee) with the payments of the Cash Consideration.

(D) THE ALLEGED AGREEMENT OR UNDERSTANDING BETWEEN THE PLAINTIFF AND THE
DEFENDANT

50 To substantiate its allegation about the alleged agreement between the
plaintiff and the defendant, the defendant drew this court’s attention to
various pieces of evidence.

51 The defendant relied on a memorandum of proposal (“the Memorandum”) dated
17 March 2010 which was prepared by Hardie, Kong, Gerald Lim and Sally Ang and
circulated to the defendant’s board of directors (“the BOD”) prior to a BOD
meeting on the 15 April 2010, after the Written Agreements were executed.
Section 2 of the Memorandum read as follows:[note: 34]

In consideration for the above and as an integral part of the transaction,
[the defendant] will issue 5.6 [_sic_] million shares (equivalent to 2% based
on post-issuance enlarged share capital) to [CJ Group]; whereupon [the True
Companies] will pay $1.25 million in 4 tranches.

Both Kong and Hardie stated in their affidavits of evidence-in-chief
(“AEICs”)[note: 35] that s 2 of the Memorandum sets out the “true nature” of
the transactions in the Written Agreements.

52 In my view, s 2 of the Memorandum did not unequivocally state that the Cash
Consideration was consideration for the shares only – a position Kong himself
subsequently affirmed under cross-examination.[note: 36]

53 More importantly, it seemed to me that the Memorandum was a self-serving
document. It will be recalled that there was no written assertion by Hardie or
Kong to either of the Wee brothers to say that the Cash Consideration was to
pay for the acquisition of the shares until Kong’s late email sent at 11.55am
of 17 March 2010 (see [49] above). To this, John Wee had disagreed. Up to the
time when the Written Agreements were executed, the defendant apparently had
no other directors except for Hardie and Kong. However, by 15 April 2010, the
defendant had additional directors like Prof Wong Poh Kam as a non-executive
director and Bill Ng Eng Tiong (“Bill Ng”) as an alternate director.[note: 37]
It appears to me, therefore, that the Memorandum was meant to persuade the
other directors about the value in proceeding with the Written Agreements.
Even then, the Memorandum did not state unequivocally what the defendant was
alleging before me.

54 Secondly, the defendant relied on the transcript and minutes of the BOD
meeting held on 15 April 2010. This was a meeting attended by, _inter alia_ ,
Hardie, Kong, Gerald Lim, Sally Ang and Bill Ng. Paras 2.3 and 2.4 of the
minutes of the BOD meeting read as follows:[note: 38]

2.3 [Bill Ng] noted _that (a) the exchange of 2% of [the defendant’s] shares
for $1.25M_ (payable in four (4) instalments) plus the S$800K in lease deposit
effectively valued [the defendant] at S$100M; and (b) the success of the
transaction would depend on good execution.

2.4 [Some other directors] sought and obtained confirmation from [Hardie] and
[Kong] that the present transaction would not be a sales and purchase of [the
True Companies]. It would be a transaction wherein [the plaintiff] would
deliver the outstanding entitlements of [the True Companies’] customers for an
exchange of [the True Companies’] fixed assets, equipments, investors (if
any), lease deposit (S$800K), customer base … _plus a premium on True
Companies’s purchase of 2% [of the defendant] for S$1.25M_.

[emphasis added]

There was also a post-meeting addendum of the minutes which read:[note: 39]

[The defendant’s] current valuation is estimated at S$40M. 2% of the Defendant
= $800K. Hence the premium is S$450K.

55 According to the defendant, the defendant’s BOD proceeded with the
understanding during the meeting that the Cash Consideration would be treated
as payment for the issued shares of the defendant at a valuation of S$1.25m.
This understanding therefore bound the plaintiff’s directors since they were
present at the meeting but did not object to it.

56 In my view, the defendant’s suggested inference that there was an
understanding between the plaintiff and the defendant _did not follow_ from
the transcript or minutes of the BOD meeting. It appears that the participants
of the meeting were simply considering the economic benefits and detriments of
the Written Agreements as a collective whole but _at no point was it made
clear that the Cash Consideration vested exclusively in the defendant for the
shares_.[note: 40] In fact, relying on the transcript, one could also have
construed the Cash Consideration as being intended to vest beneficially in the
plaintiff in order to allow the latter to service customers from the True
Companies:[note: 41]

PROF WONG: |  Now, you are saying that they would pay us 1.25 million, right?  
---|---  
YC LEE: |  Yah, this is second part of the deal.  
PROF WONG: |  Yah.  
[Bill Ng]: |  In four tranches.  
YC LEE: |  Yah.  
PROF WONG: |  In four tranches, then – and then but in exchange – so now we are getting all these customer asset [_sic_] and all that, _plus 1.25 million over four tranches, and in exchange, right, we have to service the current customer [sic]__they have, their obligations_.  
[Gerald Lim]: |  _Yes_.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

57 Moreover, the plaintiff pointed out[note: 42] that following the BOD
meeting, Sally Ang had sent an email to Kong dated 16 April 2010 attaching a
table clearly showing the Cash Consideration as part of _what the plaintiff_
_would be receiving in exchange_ under the BSA. Kong accepted the table and
requested that it be attached to the minutes of the BOD meeting without
comment.[note: 43]

58 The third piece of evidence relied on by the defendant was an addendum to
notice (“the Addendum”) to an extra-ordinary general meeting (“EOGM”) held by
the defendant on 31 May 2010 to obtain the shareholders’ approval of the
issuance of the approximately 5.2 million shares to CJ Group. Gerald Lim’s
proxy, Sally Ang, attended the EOGM in his stead although the former did
receive the Addendum prior to the EOGM.[note: 44] The relevant paras in the
Addendum which supported the defendant’s case were as follows:[note: 45]

(2.3) In substance, this transaction comprises two interlinked parts …

(2.5) The second part of the transaction is essentially a cash payment of
$1.25 million. Although this sum was intended for the purchase of 2% (or
5,232,600 new shares) of [the defendant’s] enlarged capital, [CJ Group]
requested for their own internal reasons that these shares be issued to them
at a nominal value of $1.00.

(2.6) As a collective whole the two inter linked parts of the transaction is
[_sic_] to the interest of [the defendant] in general and [the plaintiff] in
particular.

59 However, I found it unlikely that if what was represented to the
shareholders was true, it should appear so clearly _only_ on 31 May 2010 but
with no corroborating evidence from any correspondence between the defendant
and CJ Group prior to 17 March 2010.

60 In all likelihood, the quoted paras (especially para 2.5) in the Addendum
were simply convenient explanations offered by Hardie and Kong to their
shareholders at the EOGM in order to obtain their approval – after the Written
Agreements had been signed – for the issuance of new shares to CJ Group. The
representation found in the Addendum was therefore _evidentially insufficient_
to support the defendant’s case that _an agreement or understanding existed
between the relevant parties_ that the Cash Consideration was intended as
consideration solely for the issuance of the defendant’s shares to CJ Group.

61 Finally, the defendant highlighted that HTMG (see above at [4]) had issued
guarantees (totalling S$1,208,674.98) to the landlords of two different leases
in order to secure the landlords’ novation of their respective leases to the
plaintiff as required under cl 4.1 of the BSA. The defendant appeared to be
arguing that the potential liabilities undertaken by HTMG somehow meant that
the defendant (as the indirect parent company of HTMG) must have been the
intended beneficial owner of the Cash Consideration.

62 I did not agree that this piece of evidence supported that argument. In my
view, this piece of evidence was _consistent_ with the view that the
transactions in both Written Agreements were probably considered _as a
collective whole_ by the companies within the Healthtrends Group. However, at
the material time when the Written Agreements were executed, the defendant was
content for the SSA to state that the consideration for the shares was $1 and
for the BSA to state that the Cash Consideration was part of the overall
consideration payable by the True Companies to the plaintiff for the plaintiff
to assume various liabilities of the businesses of the True Companies. It was
not for the court to re-write the Written Agreements for the defendant or the
plaintiff. It was open to the defendant to reach some sort of agreement with
the plaintiff that the Cash Consideration would belong to the defendant but no
such agreement was ever reached. The defendant was complacent because both of
them belonged to the same group.

(2) The acts of the defendant subsequent to the Written Agreements contradict
its claim that the Cash Consideration vested beneficially in the defendant

63 Moreover, the acts of the defendant (through its directors) subsequent to
the Written Agreements either did not support or actually contradicted the
defendant’s claim about the Alleged Agreements.

(A) The remittance of part of the Cash Consideration from the defendant to the
plaintiff

64 It was undisputed that the defendant had, between 5 May 2010 and 4 August
2010, remitted a total of S$577,058.19 to the plaintiff; _each remittance
occurring shortly after the True Companies paid a tranche of the Cash
Consideration to the defendant_. In response, the defendant submitted that the
moneys remitted were merely “operating capital”[note: 46] which “reflected the
overall policy and practice of the defendant assisting subsidiaries within the
Healthtrends Group”.[note: 47]

65 However, I found that the defendant’s submission did not sit well with the
email correspondence between Sally Ang (representing the plaintiff) and Hardie
(representing the defendant) on 2 June 2010.[note: 48] On that day, Sally Ang
had sent an email to Hardie requesting that the funds received from the True
Companies be remitted to the plaintiff, without any hint that she had deemed
those funds as vesting beneficially in the defendant:

Hi Dr Hardie

Kindly advise when can we have the $250k 2nd receivable funds from True Spa,
we need the funds for issuing May 2010 rental payment to Royal Brother & Ngee
Ann Mgt [_sic_] …

In response, Hardie sent out the following email (while copying Gerald Lim and
Kong in the email tread) which also did not suggest that the funds vested
beneficially in the defendant:

Hi Sally & Gerald,

True Spa’s side only disbursed $150k to us … Even then, it was written wrongly
and we sent back to them for correction.

I will send you the cheque when they have returned [_sic_] to us.

(B) The accounting records of both the plaintiff and the defendant

66 It was undisputed that a plain reading of the accounting records of both
the plaintiff and the defendant supported the plaintiff’s case.[note: 49]
After each tranche of payment was made to the defendant, both plaintiff and
defendant would record in their inter-company accounts that the True Companies
had paid a sum to the defendant and that the sum was an account receivable in
favour of the plaintiff (“the Management Accounts”). This was confirmed by
Kong under cross-examination:[note: 50]

Q: |  Coming, then, since you mentioned it, to accounting for it in your books, [the defendant] has accounted for this receipt of $1.25 million as a loan from [the plaintiff]; correct?  
---|---  
[Kong]: |  I would put it – I cannot remember whether it is a loan, an amount due to or whatever, but _it is an inter-company balance. Yes, correct._  
Q: |  Then some sums were remitted along the way to [the plaintiff]; correct?  
[Kong]: |  That is correct.  
Q: |  _These sums that were remitted were recorded as payments of loan?_  
[Kong]: |  _Through the inter-company balance._  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

67 The defendant’s Annual Financial Statement for FY 2008 (“AFS 2008”)[note:
51] and the plaintiff’s SOA as presented to its creditors[note: 52] also
indicated that the Cash Consideration vested beneficially in the plaintiff.
Crucially, these were important financial documents which were signed and
certified by Hardie himself.[note: 53]

68 Para 28 of the “Notes to the Financial Statements” in the defendant’s AFS
2008 read as follows:

**28**. **Events after the balance sheet date (cont’d)**

On 17 March 2010, another subsidiary, [the plaintiff] entered into an
agreement to acquire the businesses of [the True Companies]. The cash
consideration received for the acquisition of businesses, which includes
assets and liabilities such as unperformed services, is $1,250,000.

69 The plain reading of para 28 supported the plaintiff’s case. Subsequently,
the plaintiff’s SOA presented by Hardie to its creditors also stated that the
Outstanding Sum was due and owing _from_ the defendant (see above at [18]).

70 In response, Hardie claimed in his AEIC that he had relied on one Mr Mainak
Panchal, (“Mainak Panchal”) who was the group finance manager to prepare the
Management Accounts, which he in turn relied on for the defendant’s AFS 2008
and the Plaintiff’s SOA. Hardie said he now recognized that they were
inaccurate upon the advice of Baker Tilly (see above at [19]). In his own
words, Hardie had understood the AFS 2008 and the SOA to be true and accurate
up until 27 May 2011 when he changed his mind after receiving Baker Tilly’s
advice.[note: 54]

71 In my view, Hardie’s evidence in relation to the alleged inaccuracies of
the Management Accounts, the AFS 2008 and the SOA was not a credible one.
During the trial, the defendant decided not to (or failed to) call either
Mainak Panchal or Mr Cheng Soon Keong, director of Baker Tilly, to the witness
stand. This meant that Hardie’s evidence that the Management Accounts were
inaccurate remained _wholly uncorroborated._ In any case, the relevant party
which could have given objective evidence in support of the defendant’s case
would have been its external auditors who helped prepare the AFS 2008 (see
above at [41]) and not Baker Tilly. The defendant’s unwillingness to call its
external auditors as witnesses was thus prejudicial to its own case.

72 During oral submissions, counsel for the defendant also acknowledged that
if the contents of para 28 of AFS 2008 were reflected in the defendant’s
Annual Financial Statement for FY 2010 instead, the defendant would have “no
case in court”.[note: 55]

73 I found this argument to be unpersuasive. In my view, whether the contents
of para 28 were reflected in FY 2008 or FY 2010, they were financial
statements _prepared by external auditors_ _and signed and certified by Hardie
as being true and accurate_. Each would be equally damaging to the defendant.

(C) The defendant’s response to the emails and letter sent by the plaintiff’s
management

74 Moving beyond the accounting records, I also took into account the
defendant’s response (or lack thereof) to the emails and letter sent by the
plaintiff’s management to the defendant in late September 2010. I found it
striking that the defendant did not even for one moment deny liability when
the plaintiff’s management first requested over email,[note: 56] and
subsequently demanded over a formal letter,[note: 57] that the defendant pay
the plaintiff the Outstanding Sum. As mentioned earlier (see above at [16]),
these emails and letter clearly stated that the plaintiff considered the Cash
Consideration as belonging to them.

(D) The defendant’s response to the statutory demand sent and the writ of
summons served by the plaintiff

75 Even when the defendant was faced with a statutory demand (_ie_ , the
plaintiff’s statutory demand dated 13 October 2010 from WongPartnership (see
above at [17])),[note: 58] the defendant’s response through a letter from
their then solicitors, M/s Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC, dated 15 October 2010,
did not deny the basis of the plaintiff’s demand (that the Cash Consideration
vested beneficially in the plaintiff), but merely stated that it was entitled
to raise certain set-offs against the plaintiff “given the business relations,
inter-company finances and close connection between the parties”.[note: 59]
This was confirmed by Hardie under cross-examination:[note: 60]

Q: |  Do you assert that [the] response from Messrs Wong Tan & Molly Lim does not say that the sum or any part of the sum of $1.25 million received from the True Companies under the [BSA] does not belong to [the plaintiff]?  
---|---  
[Hardie]: |  I agree; it does not say it.  
Q: |  You will recall that _Messrs Wong Tan & Molly Lim were the same firm who advised you and [Kong] at that 17 March 2010 meeting with John Wee and Patrick Wee_, and you were very clear, as well as [Kong], that you had communicated the understanding you say you have with [John Wee] and [Patrick Wee], that the $1.25 million was for the shares and not for the transfer of assets?  
[Hardie]: |  Yes.  
Q: |  _But they did not state this in [the letter in response to the statutory demand]?_  
… |   
Q: |  [Can you] confirm that your lawyers in their substantive response [in the letter] do not mention any reference to an understanding of an agreement that the sum of monies paid by True Spa under the [BSA] does not belong to [the plaintiff]?  
[Hardie]: |  That is correct, your Honour.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

76 Hardie’s concession on this point was significant. To succeed in its
defence, the defendant would have to stand by the incredulous account that its
legal advisors who knew about the Alleged Agreements chose not only to draft
the Written Agreements as they currently stood, but also failed to bring up
the Alleged Agreements in the response letter to the plaintiff dated 15
October 2010. The simpler and more sensible explanation must be that neither
Hardie nor Kong nor the defendant’s legal advisors had _believed_ _or acted as
if the Cash Consideration was vested beneficially in the defendant at the
material time_.

77 To sum up, I reiterate that the defendant’s failure to deny the basis of
the plaintiff’s demand (that the Cash Consideration vested beneficially in the
plaintiff) continued even after the plaintiff’s Writ of Summons was served on
26 January 2011 (see above at [22]).

78 For the foregoing reasons, I was of the view that the defendant was not
entitled to claim beneficial ownership of the Cash Consideration. The
plaintiff was therefore rightfully entitled to an action for money had and
received to recover the Outstanding Sum.

The defendant could not make out the elements of estoppel by convention to
deny the plaintiff’s entitlement to the Cash Consideration

79 In its Defence, the defendant also submitted that the plaintiff was
estopped (based on the doctrine of estoppel by convention) from denying that
the Cash Consideration belonged to the defendant _._ In my view, the
defendant’s reliance on the doctrine of estoppel was futile.

The elements of estoppel by convention

80 It was recently laid down by the Court of Appeal that for estoppel by
convention to operate, the following elements must be present (_Travista
Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474 at [31]):

(a) The parties must have acted on “an assumed and incorrect state of fact or
law” in their _course of dealing;_

(b) The assumption must be either shared by both parties pursuant to _an
agreement or something akin to an agreement_ , or made by one party and
acquiesced to by the other; and

(c) It must be _unjust or unconscionable_ to allow the parties (or one of
them) to go back on the assumption.

(a) [emphasis added]

Application of the law to the facts

81 In view of my determination that there was no agreement or understanding
that the Cash Consideration was exclusively for the shares, the defendant’s
argument on estoppel by convention necessarily fails since it would not be
able to show that both the defendant and the plaintiff had acted on the state
of facts as alleged by the defendant. Accordingly, the defendant would also
not be able to rely on any injustice or unconscionability.

Conclusion

82 For the foregoing reasons, I granted judgment in favour of the plaintiff
against the defendant for the Outstanding Sum of S$453,617.86, with interest
at the rate of 5.33% per annum from the date of the writ, _ie_ , 26 January
2011, to the date of full payment.

83 I also ordered the defendant to pay the plaintiff the costs of the trial,
fixed at S$100,000 plus reasonable disbursements to be agreed failing which it
would be fixed by the court. As regards any order for costs in the cause,
which had been made in the course of this action, such costs were to be paid
by the defendant to the plaintiff to be taxed if not agreed.

* * *

[note: 1]Hardie’s AEIC at [7] – [10].

[note: 2]Hardie’s AEIC at [29].

[note: 3]Agreed Bundle of Documents (“ABD”) Vol 2 at 512.

[note: 4]ABD Vol 2 at 513.

[note: 5]ABD Vol 2 at 562 – 572.

[note: 6]ABD Vol 2 at 566.

[note: 7]NE 17 May 2012 pp 10 (line 14) – 11 (line 2).

[note: 8]Hardie’s AEIC at [96].

[note: 9]Hardie’s AEIC at [98].

[note: 10]Hardie’s AEIC at [99] – [102]; Gerald Lim’s AEIC at [39].

[note: 11]ABD Vol 4 at 1430-1431.

[note: 12]ABD Vol 4 at 1343-1350.

[note: 13]ABD Vol 4 at 1406-1407.

[note: 14]ABD Vol 4 at 1416-1417.

[note: 15]ABD Vol 5 at 1675H.

[note: 16]Hardie’s AEIC at [127]; Notes of Evidence (“NE”), 18 May 2012 at pp
57 (line 21)- 58 (line 4).

[note: 17]Hardie’s AEIC at [133]; NE, 18 May 2012 at pp 62 (line 17) – 63
(line 8).

[note: 18]ABD Vol 5 at 1770A, 1783, 1809-1810, 1813, 1814 and 1825.

[note: 19]Setting Down Bundle at 1-13.

[note: 20]Setting Down Bundle at 14-18.

[note: 21]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [20].

[note: 22]NE, 23 May 2012 at p 63 (lines 10-12).

[note: 23]See Defendant’s opening statement at [62] and Defendant’s written
submissions at [21].

[note: 24]See Defendant’s opening statement at [34] and Defendant’s written
submissions at [28].

[note: 25]See Defendant’s opening statement at [69]-[73] and Defendant’s
written submissions at [51]-[52].

[note: 26]See Defendant’s written submissions at [11]–[21].

[note: 27]NE, 18 May 2012 at pp 10 (line 21) – 11 (line 24).

[note: 28]Defendant’s closing submissions at [15] – [19].

[note: 29]NE, 23 May 2012 at p 14 (lines 15–17).

[note: 30]ABD Vol 2 at 519, 569.

[note: 31]NE, 18 May 2012 at p 6 (lines 3–10).

[note: 32]NE, 16 May 2012 at pp 79 (lines 11-20); 84 (line 21) - 85 (line 6).

[note: 33]NE, 16 May 2012 at p 64 (lines 8 – 9).

[note: 34]ABD Vol 2 at 543.

[note: 35]Kong’s AEIC at [55]; Billy Hardie’s AEIC at [56].

[note: 36]NE, 16 May 2012 at pp 89 (line 21) to 92 (line 2).

[note: 37]See Plaintiff’s Core Bundle at [350] and NE 18/5/2012 p 83 lines
10-16

[note: 38]ABD Vol 6 at 2241.

[note: 39]ABD Vol 6 at 2242.

[note: 40]See plaintiff’s closing submissions at [64].

[note: 41]ABD Vol 7 at 2482 – 2483.

[note: 42]Plaintiff’s written submissions at [66].

[note: 43]ABD Vol 3 at 835 – 836.

[note: 44]NE, 15 May 2012 at p 74 (lines 13 – 17).

[note: 45]ABD Vol 3 at 895.

[note: 46]Defendant’s written submissions at [50].

[note: 47]Defendant’s opening statement at [55].

[note: 48]ABD Vol 3 at 938.

[note: 49]See ABD Vol 4 at 1430 – 1431.

[note: 50]NE, 16 May 2012 at p 88 (lines 14 – 25).

[note: 51]ABD Vol 4 at 1303.

[note: 52]ABD Vol 5 at 1675H.

[note: 53]ABD Vol 4 at 1250; ABD Vol 5 at 1675.

[note: 54]Hardie’s AEIC at [133]; NE, 18 May 2012, pp 55 (lines 3–13) and 63
(lines 3–8).

[note: 55]NE, 23 May 2012 at p 50 (lines 4–6).

[note: 56]ABD Vol 4 at 1348 (Sally’s email dated 23 Sept 2010); and ABD Vol 4
at 1343-1344(Gerald Lim’s email dated 26 Sept 2010).

[note: 57]ABD Vol 4 at 1365.

[note: 58]ABD Vol 4 at 1406-1407.

[note: 59]ABD Vol 4 at 1416-1417.

[note: 60]NE, 18 May 2012 at pp 73 (line 9) – 75 (line 5).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

