Case Summary Summary Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments
Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Eng Hong _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGCA 45

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 50 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA; Judith Prakash J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  M Ravi (LF Violet Netto) for the appellant; Aedit bin
Abdullah SC, Teo Guan Siew, Seow Zhixiang and Serene Chew (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Tan Eng Hong — Attorney-General  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 3 SLR 320.]

21 August 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 Ought an action which is not certain to fail, brought by an applicant who
has _locus standi_ , be peremptorily struck out by the High Court even though
it accepts that it has jurisdiction to hear the action? This is one of the
pivotal issues at the heart of this appeal by Tan Eng Hong (“Tan”) against the
decision of the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-
General_ [2011] 3 SLR 320 (“the Judgment”) striking out his application in
Originating Summons No 994 of 2010 for declaratory relief (“the Application”).

2 The Application under O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006
Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) was brought by Tan to ask the court to declare s 377A of
the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the current Penal Code”)
unconstitutional under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev
Ed, 1999 Reprint). For ease of reference, this version of the Constitution of
the Republic of Singapore as well as its predecessor versions (where relevant)
will hereafter be denoted as either “the Constitution” or “the Constitution of
Singapore”, as may be appropriate to the context.

3 We ought to also emphasise at the outset that the present appeal does _not_
deal with the substantive issue of the constitutionality of s 377A of the
current Penal Code (“s 377A”), but only concerns the _preliminary_ issue of
whether the Application was correctly struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules
(“O 18 r 19”) on the basis that it disclosed no cause of action and/or was
frivolous and/or was an abuse of the process of the court (referred to
hereafter as “an abuse of court process” for short).

Background to the dispute

4 On 9 March 2010, Tan and another male person (“the co-accused”) were
arrested for engaging in oral sex in a cubicle in a public toilet of a
shopping complex. Both parties are adult males in their forties.

5 In due course, Tan and the co-accused were separately charged under s 377A
with the commission of “[an] act of gross indecency with another male person”.
Tan was charged on 2 September 2010 and the co-accused was charged on 1
September 2010.

6 On 24 September 2010, Tan brought the Application to challenge the
constitutionality of s 377A under the Constitution. Counsel for Tan, Mr M Ravi
(“Mr Ravi”), prayed for the following declarations:

(a) s 377A is inconsistent with Art 9 of the Constitution (“Art 9”) and is
therefore void by virtue of Art 4 of the Constitution (“Art 4”);

(b) s 377A is inconsistent with Arts 12 and 14 of the Constitution (“Art 12”
and “Art 14” respectively) and is therefore void by virtue of Art 4; and

(c) for these reasons, the charge brought against Tan under s 377A is void.

7 Not long after this, on 15 October 2010, the Prosecution informed Tan that
the s 377A charge against him had been substituted with one under s 294(_a_)
of the current Penal Code (“s 294(_a_)”) for the commission of an obscene act
in a public place. The charge against the co-accused was similarly
substituted.

8 The Attorney-General (“the AG”) then applied via Summons No 5063 of 2010 to
strike out the Application pursuant to O 18 r 19 and/or the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. At the hearing before the assistant registrar (“the
AR”), Tan abandoned prayer 3 of the Application (_ie_ , the prayer for the
declaration set out at [6(c)] above) as there was no longer a s 377A charge to
be voided. On 7 December 2010, the AR struck out the Application on the
grounds that it:

(a)

disclosed no reasonable cause of action; and/or

(b)

was frivolous or vexatious; and/or

(c)

was an abuse of court process.

9 Tan appealed via Registrar’s Appeal No 488 of 2010 (“RA 488/2010”) against
the AR’s decision to strike out the Application. That appeal formed the
subject matter of the Judgment.

10 Tan subsequently pleaded guilty to the substituted charge under s 294(_a_)
on 15 December 2010, and was convicted and sentenced to a fine of $3,000. The
co-accused had earlier pleaded guilty, and had similarly been convicted and
sentenced to a fine of $3,000.

The decision below

11 In RA 488/2010, the Judge had to determine whether the Application could be
struck out under O 18 rr 19(1)(_a_), 19(1)(_b_) and/or 19(1)(_d_) for,
respectively, disclosing no reasonable cause of action, being frivolous or
vexatious and/or being an abuse of court process. Mr Aedit bin Abdullah (“Mr
Abdullah”), who appeared on behalf of the AG, did not rely on O 18 r
19(1)(_c_) (_viz_ , prejudice to, or embarrassment or delay of the fair trial
of an action) as a ground for striking out.

12 Although the Judge unequivocally found that Tan had _locus standi_ to bring
the Application, she also found that the Application disclosed no real
controversy to be adjudicated (see [25] of the Judgment). For this reason
_alone_ , she dismissed Tan’s appeal in RA 488/2010 and upheld the AR’s
striking-out order.

13 In arriving at her decision, the Judge examined the three grounds under O
18 r 19 that the AG sought to rely on and considered the elements in each
ground. Her rulings on these grounds were as follows:

(a) _Vis-à-vis_ O 18 r 19(1)(_a_) (the “no reasonable cause of action”
ground), the Judge found that an action could be struck out where the
applicant was unable to establish _locus standi_ (see _Abdul Razak Ahmad v
Majlis_ _Bandaraya Johor Bahru_ [1995] 2 MLJ 287 (cited at [5(a)] of the
Judgment)).

(b) _Vis-à-vis_ O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) (the “frivolous or vexatious” ground):

(i) The Judge found that an action could be deemed frivolous where it was
incapable of legally sustainable and reasoned argument (see _Chee Siok Chin
and others v Minister for Home Affairs and another_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 582 (“
_Chee Siok Chin_ ”) at [33] (cited at [5(b)] of the Judgment)). The Judge
further held that an action could be deemed vexatious where it was without
foundation and/or could not possibly succeed (see likewise [5(b)] of the
Judgment, citing _Chee Siok Chin_ at [33]). An action could also be said to be
vexatious where the party bringing the action was not acting _bona fide_ but
merely wished to annoy or embarrass his opponent, or where the action was not
calculated to lead to any practical result (see _Goh Koon Suan v Heng_ _Gek_
_Kiau_ _and others_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 705 at [15] (cited at [5(b)] of the
Judgment)).

(ii) As the Application was for declaratory relief, the Judge considered that
if the court could not grant the declaratory relief sought, it was arguable
that the Application was frivolous and vexatious as it would have no practical
value (see the Judgment at [6]). The Judge then considered and applied the
test elucidated in _Karaha_ _Bodas_ _Co LLC v Pertamina Energy Trading Ltd and
another appeal_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 112 (“ _Karaha_ _Bodas_ ”) at [14] for
determining whether declaratory relief could be granted.

(c) _Vis-à-vis_ O 18 r 19(1)(_d_) (the “abuse of court process” ground), the
Judge found that an action could be struck out where it: (i) effected a
deception on the court; (ii) used the court’s processes for some ulterior or
improper purpose or in an improper way; (iii) was manifestly groundless or
useless or served no useful purpose; or (iv) was one of a series of multiple
or successive proceedings which caused or were likely to cause improper
vexation or oppression (see _Chee Siok Chin_ at [34] (cited at [5(c)] of the
Judgment)).

14 From this, the Judge distilled the four key issues below that, in her view,
would determine the outcome of RA 488/2010 (see the Judgment at [7]):

(a) Did Tan have _locus standi_ to bring the Application?

The Judge reasoned that if Tan did not have _locus_ _standi_ to bring the
Application, the Application could be struck out under either O 18 rr
19(1)(_a_) or 19(1)(_b_). The Judge found that Tan had satisfied the
“substantial interest” test for _locus standi_ laid down in _Chan Hiang_ _Leng
Colin and others v Minister for Information and the Arts_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 294
(“ _Colin Chan_ ”) as it was arguable on the facts that Tan’s constitutional
rights under Art 12 had been violated (see the Judgment at [19]–[21]). The
Judge thus held that the AG’s striking-out application could not be granted on
this ground.

(b) Was there a real controversy to be adjudicated?

(i) The Judge held that if there was no real controversy to be adjudicated,
the Application could be struck out under either O 18 rr 19(1)(_b_) or
19(1)(_d_). (As noted earlier at [12] above, the Judge struck out the
Application on this ground alone.) While there were specific facts involving
specific parties, the Judge found that the facts were “merely hypothetical”
(see [25] of the Judgment).

(ii) Although Tan raised an argument based on the Hong Kong case of _Leung v
Secretary for Justice_ [2006] 4 HKLRD 211 (“ _Leung_ ”) that there could be
adjudication on hypothetical facts in “exceptional cases”, the Judge found
that _Leung_ could be distinguished (see [26] of the Judgment). First, the
Judge noted that _Leung_ was based on the International Covenant on Civil and
Political Rights, a treaty which had no force of law in Singapore. Second, she
found that the court’s reasoning in _Leung_ – _viz_ , that if the court were
to refuse to hear the application on the ground that it concerned a
hypothetical scenario, it would mean that the applicant could only gain access
to justice by breaking the law – was less persuasive in Singapore as compared
to Hong Kong, given the referral mechanism provided for in Art 100 of the
Constitution of Singapore (“Art 100”) apropos questions on the effect of any
constitutional provision. The Judge opined that the possibility of convening a
tribunal (“the Constitutional Tribunal”) under Art 100 was “an established
procedure through which guidance [might] be obtained [on constitutional
questions] in the absence of specific facts” (see [26(b)] of the Judgment).
Further, the Judge expressed concern that the criterion of “exceptional cases”
was too vague and might open the floodgates to constitutional challenges (see
[26(a)] of the Judgment).

(ii) In addition, the Judge found that there was “nothing at stake for Tan”
(see [26(c)] of the Judgment) as Tan had already pleaded guilty and been
convicted under s 294(_a_). In the Judge’s view, Tan’s conduct in pursuing the
Application “[went] against the spirit of the adversarial process where the
parties’ conduct [was] conditioned by the possibility of gain and/or loss”
(see likewise [26(c)] of the Judgment).

(iv) The Judge also expressed concern that since the s 377A charge against Tan
had been dropped, there were “no subsisting facts upon which there [could] be
_res judicata_ ” (see the Judgment at [27]) and the Application thus had “no
real practical value” (see likewise [27] of the Judgment).

(c) Was Tan’s claim certain to fail?

The Judge held that if Tan’s claim was certain to fail, the Application could
be struck out under either O 18 rr 19(1)(_b_) or 19(1)(_d_). Pertinently, the
Judge found that Tan’s case was _not_ certain to fail, and in fact raised many
novel issues that deserved more detailed treatment (see the Judgment at
[30]–[31]):

30 ... Tan’s case was not completely without merit, especially on the ground
of Art 12. Furthermore, his case raised many novel issues that deserved more
detailed treatment, for example:

(a) whether an unconstitutional law in itself can constitute an injury or
violation to one’s constitutional rights; and

(b) whether Art 14 can encompass a right to express one’s homosexual sexual
orientation.

31 The AG had submitted that Tan was certain to fail given that he had no
_locus standi_ to seek a declaration that s 377A of the [current] Penal Code
contravened the Constitution. This argument was dealt with under the issue of
_locus standi_. Here, the issue is whether the case is so weak, as gleaned
from the pleadings, that it should be struck out because the result is a
foregone conclusion. **_This threshold has not been satisfied_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The Judge therefore did not grant the AG’s striking-out application on this
ground.

(d) Did the court have jurisdiction to declare s 377A unconstitutional in view
of the fact that Tan had not come to court by way of s 56A of the Subordinate
Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) (“the SCA”)?

The Judge reasoned that if Tan’s failure to have recourse to s 56A of the SCA
amounted to an abuse of court process, the Application could be struck out
under O 18 r 19(1)(_d_). While the Judge found that it was more likely than
not that s 56A of the SCA was meant to be an exclusive regime, she also noted
(at [42] of the Judgment) that it could not be said that it was a “very clear
case” that this was so. She thus ruled that the AG’s striking-out application
could not be granted on this ground.

15 At this juncture, we will confine ourselves to a few brief preliminary
remarks on the Judgment, which we will elaborate on later in our decision when
discussing the requirement (_vis-à-vis_ applications for declaratory relief)
that there must be a “real controversy” for the court to resolve (see [143]
below). _The anomalous result brought about by the Judgment_ _– specifically,
the Judge’s ruling that there was no real controversy to be adjudicated –_ _is
that a claim which was not certain to fail and which was brought by an
applicant who had_ locus standi _was struck out by a court which had
jurisdiction to hear the claim._ With respect, we find it difficult to
reconcile the Judge’s findings that, on one hand, “Tan’s constitutional rights
[might] arguably have been violated” (see the Judgment at [19]) and “Tan’s
case was not completely without merit” (see the Judgment at [30]) with her
finding that, on the other hand, the Application did not disclose a real
controversy to be adjudicated. We note that on the Judge’s view, it appears
that: (a) a real controversy refers solely to a real controversy _on the
facts_ ; and (b) a real controversy of _law_ , even one which possibly has
merit and which is brought by a person with _locus standi_ , remains within
the realm of the merely hypothetical.

16 One of the Judge’s chief concerns in coming to her conclusion that there
was no real controversy to be adjudicated was that subsisting facts were
necessary for a judgment to be _res judicata_ (see the Judgment at [25], and
the Judge’s reiteration at [27]), and that unless that condition was
satisfied, the court should not hear a matter. With respect, if this were
correct, then it would never be possible to seek a declaratory order on the
law. In our view, this would be an undesirable state of affairs. There is,
undoubtedly, much value in having judicial determinations in appropriate cases
on debatable points of law of public interest, not just for the benefit of the
parties concerned, but also (and primarily) for the benefit of the public.
Clear judicial pronouncements on what the law is help to ensure that the rule
of law is upheld. The rule of law requires that the law be capable of
fulfilling its function of guiding the behaviour of persons living under the
law. For persons to be able to be guided by the law and to act on it, they
need to first know what the law is, and it is thus essential that principles
of law are correctly and authoritatively decided. This is especially so where
the point of law to be clarified is, as in the present case, one of high
constitutional importance.

17 Moreover, as _Zamir & Woolf: The Declaratory Judgment_ (Lord Woolf & Jeremy
Woolf eds) (Sweet & Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) (“ _Zamir & Woolf_”) aptly states
at para 1-07:

A declaration by the court is not a mere opinion devoid of legal effect: the
controversy between the parties is determined and is res judicata as a result
of the declaration being granted.

In the present case, a judicial decision on the Application would bind the
Government, and not just Tan. Further, such a decision would be based on the
underlying facts of the case, in particular, Tan’s arrest, detention and
charge under s 377A (see [151]–[154] below). This determination would also
address the Judge’s concerns about _res judicata_. We thus disagree with the
Judge that Tan’s claim has “no real practical value” (see the Judgment at
[27]).

The issues on appeal

18 The following issues were raised on appeal:

(a) Does Tan have a reasonable cause of action under Art 4, given that, on the
face of it, Art 4 only applies to “any law enacted by the Legislature after
the commencement of this Constitution” (“Issue 1”)? This is a new issue which
was raised by the AG on appeal.

(b) Is the test for _locus standi_ in applications involving constitutional
rights different from, and less strict than, the test for _locus standi_ laid
down in _Karaha_ _Bodas_ (“the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test”) (“Issue 2”)? The
following sub-issues were raised under this issue:

(i) whether a subsisting prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law
is a necessary element to found _locus standi_ to challenge the
constitutionality of that law; and

(ii) if there is no need for an actual subsisting prosecution under the
allegedly unconstitutional law to found _locus standi_ , whether there is at
least a need for a real and credible threat of prosecution, or whether the
very existence of the allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books
suffices.

(c) Has the applicable test for _locus standi_ (as determined in Issue 2) been
satisfied on the facts, _ie_ , does Tan have _locus standi_ to bring the
Application (“Issue 3”)? The following sub-issues were raised under this
issue:

(i) whether any constitutional rights are at stake in the instant case; and

(ii) whether Tan’s constitutional rights were violated on the facts.

(d) Do the facts of the present case raise any real controversy to be
adjudicated (“Issue 4”)?

19 The AG, quite correctly, is not pursuing the issue of whether Tan’s failure
to have recourse to the mechanism provided for in s 56A of the SCA was an
abuse of court process as there are no longer any subsisting proceedings in
the Subordinate Courts. As was the case in the court below (see [31] of the
Judgment), in this appeal, the AG is confining his arguments on certainty of
failure to Tan’s lack of _locus standi_. Therefore, the issue of certainty of
failure now _pivots_ on the issue of _locus standi_ , _and not on the merits
of the_ _Application_.

20 We add that it must be remembered that this is an appeal against a
striking-out order, and the threshold for striking out is a high one. As this
court emphasised in _Gabriel Peter & Partners (suing as a firm) v Wee Chong
Jin __and others_ [1997] 3 SLR(R) 649 at [21]:

As long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action, or raises
some question fit to be decided at the trial _, the mere fact that the case is
weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out._ [emphasis
added]

Similarly, in _The “Tokai Maru”_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 646 at [44], this court held:

A reasonable defence means one which has some chance of success when only the
allegations in the pleadings are considered: _per_ Lord Pearson in _Drummond-
Jackson v British Medical Association_ [1970] 1 All ER 1094, cited with
approval by Rubin J in _Active Timber Agencies Pte Ltd v Allen & Gledhill_
[1995] 3 SLR(R) 334. The hearing of the [striking-out] application should not
therefore involve a minute examination of the documents or the facts of the
case in order to see whether there is a reasonable defence. To do that is to
usurp the position of the trial judge and the result is a trial in chambers,
on affidavits only, without discovery and without oral evidence tested by
cross-examination in the ordinary way (see _Wenlock v Moloney_ [1965] 2 All ER
871). _The mere fact that the defence is weak and not likely to succeed is no
ground for striking it out, so long as the pleadings raise some question to be
decided by the court_ (see _Attorney-General_ _of The Duchy of Lancaster v
London and North Western Railway Co_ [1892] 3 Ch 274). In short, the defence
has to be obviously unsustainable on its face to justify an application to
strike out. [emphasis added]

21 Therefore, all that Tan has to show is that he has on the facts and law an
arguable case. We add that, for the purposes of a striking out application,
even if the statement of claim is inadequately drawn up, an opportunity to
amend will be given, unless the court is satisfied that the defect cannot be
cured by an amendment (see see _Singapore_ _Civil_ _Procedure_ _2007_ (G P
Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 18/19/2). This is
particularly so where there are substantive merits in the matter.

22 Before we turn to consider the issues on appeal proper, we will first set
out the legislative history of s 377A so as to give body to the context of our
decision. In this regard, it should be noted that the Indian Penal Code 1860
(Act 45 of 1860) (“the IPC”), which sired Singapore’s Penal Code, was not
enacted British law, but rather, a code derived from British legal doctrines
and policies that were then viewed as necessary to maintain social order among
the colony’s natives.

The legislative history of s 377A

23 Section 377A provides as follows:

**Outrages on decency**

**377A**. Any _male person_ who, in _public or private_ , commits, or abets
the commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by any
_male person of, any act of gross indecency with another male person_ , shall
be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 2 years.

[emphasis added]

24 To provide a more accurate understanding of the legislative origins of s
377A, we will also examine its sister provision, _viz_ , s 377 of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 Penal Code”). Section 377 of the 1985
Penal Code (“s 377”) has now been repealed (see below at [31]–[32] for the
reasons for its repeal). It provided as follows:

_Unnatural offences_

**377**. Whoever voluntarily has carnal intercourse against the order of
nature with any man, woman or animals, shall be punished with imprisonment for
life, or with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 10 years, and shall
also be liable to fine.

25 The earliest version of s 377, which was modelled on the English offence of
buggery, was enacted in Singapore in 1872 by the Penal Code (Ord 4 of 1871)
(“the Straits Settlements Penal Code”) when Singapore was part of the Straits
Settlements. The Straits Settlements Penal Code, which was the earliest
precursor of the current Penal Code, was derived from the IPC. Section 377 of
the Straits Settlements Penal Code was _in pari_ _materia_ with s 377 of the
IPC. In _Naz Foundation v Government of NCT of Delhi and Others_ WP(C) No 7455
of 2001 (2 July 2009) (“ _Naz_ ”), a decision of the High Court of Delhi, the
court considered the legislative history of s 377 of the IPC in some detail as
follows:

_HISTORY OF THE LEGISLATION_

2\. ... The legislative history of [s 377 of the IPC] indicates that the first
records of sodomy as a crime at Common Law in England were chronicled in the
Fleta, 1290, and later in the Britton, 1300\. Both texts prescribed that
sodomites should be burnt alive. Acts of sodomy later became penalized by
hanging under the Buggery Act of 1533 which was re-enacted in 1563 by Queen
Elizabeth I, after which it became the charter for the subsequent
criminalisation of sodomy in the British Colonies. Oral-genital sexual acts
were later removed from the definition of buggery in 1817. And in 1861, the
death penalty for buggery was formally abolished in England and Wales.
However, sodomy or buggery remained as a crime “not to be mentioned by
Christians.”

3\. [The IPC] was drafted by Lord Macaulay and introduced in 1861 in British
India. Section 377 [of the] IPC is contained in Chapter XVI ... [and] is
categorised under the sub-chapter titled “Of Unnatural Offences” …

26 Pertinently, the above extract shows the historical umbilical cord between
the “parent” English legislation and the legislation enacted in British
colonies at the time. A year after s 377 of the IPC was enacted, the maximum
penalty for buggery in England was amended from the death penalty to that of
life imprisonment (see s 61 of the Offences Against the Person Act 1861 (c
100) (UK) (“the UK Offences Against the Person Act 1861”)), bringing the
position under English law into line with that under the IPC. Following this,
s 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 (c 69) (UK) (commonly known as
“the Labouchere Amendment” after Henry Labouchere, the Member of Parliament
who introduced it) was passed. Section 377A can be traced to the Labouchere
Amendment, which provided as follows:

_Any male person_ who, in _public or private_ , commits, or is a party to the
commission of, or procures or attempts to procure the commission by _any male
person_ of, any act of gross indecency with another male person, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and being convicted thereof shall be liable at the
discretion of the court to be imprisoned for any term not exceeding two years,
with or without hard labour. [emphasis added]

It is clear that the Labouchere Amendment was unlike the offence of buggery in
two respects. First, the buggery laws were gender neutral, whereas the
Labouchere Amendment focused on sexual conduct between _male_ homosexuals.
Second, the Labouchere Amendment expressly extended to private acts. The next
legislative development of note came in the form of a report published in 1957
(_viz_ , _Report of the Departmental Committee on Homosexual Offences and
Prostitution_ (Cmnd 247, 1957) (Chairman: Sir John Frederick Wolfenden) (“the
Wolfenden Report”)), which ignited a vigorous debate that eventually led to
the passage of the Sexual Offences Act 1967 (c 60) (UK) (“the UK Sexual
Offences Act 1967”). The UK Sexual Offences Act 1967 amended s 12(1) of the
Sexual Offences Act 1956 (c 69) (UK) (“the UK Sexual Offences Act 1956”) to
partially decriminalise consensual homosexual acts, including anal
intercourse. Following the enactment of the Criminal Justice and Public Order
Act 1994 (c 33) (UK) (“the 1994 UK Act”), non-consensual anal intercourse in
England was classified as rape (see s 142 of the 1994 UK Act). English law
currently no longer criminalises consensual heterosexual and homosexual anal
intercourse in private, nor acts of “gross indecency” in private between
consenting males, subject to limits such as an age of consent (see, _eg_ , s
12 of the UK Sexual Offences Act 1956, s 1 of the UK Sexual Offences Act 1967
as well as ss 142 and 143 of the 1994 UK Act). In other words, English law no
longer has provisions corresponding to s 377 and s 377A in its statute books.
We note that on this issue, Scottish law was brought into line with that of
England and Wales through the Criminal Justice (Scotland) Act 1980 (c 62)
(UK), and the law of Northern Ireland was brought into line with that of the
rest of the United Kingdom after the decision in _Dudgeon v The United
Kingdom_ [1981] ECHR 5. Interestingly, of the great colonial powers of Western
Europe (_viz_ , Britain, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Portugal and
Spain), only Britain and France left the legacy of s 377 to its colonies (see
Douglas E Sanders, “377 and the Unnatural Afterlife of British Colonialism in
Asia” (2009) Asian Journal of Comparative Law vol 4, issue 1, article 7
(“Sanders”) at p 1). This, it also bears mention, happened during a period in
which parallel prohibitions were eliminated in the other major European
colonial powers except Germany (see Sanders at p 15).

27 Although provisions equivalent to s 377 were enacted in both the Straits
Settlements and British India, the same cannot be said of s 377A. While a
provision similar to s 377A was never enacted in the IPC, such a provision was
enacted in the successor to the Straits Settlements Penal Code (_viz_ , the
Penal Code (Cap 20, 1936 Rev Ed) (“the 1936 Penal Code”)) by s 3 of the Penal
Code (Amendment) Ordinance 1938 (No 12 of 1938) (“the Penal Code (Amendment)
Ordinance 1938”). During the second reading of the Penal Code (Amendment) Bill
1938 (_viz_ , the Bill which was subsequently enacted as the Penal Code
(Amendment) Ordinance 1938) in the Straits Settlements Legislative Council, Mr
C G Howell (“Mr Howell”), the then Attorney-General, made the following
comments on the decision to enact a provision _in pari_ _materia_ with s 377A
(see _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements_ (13
June 1938) at p B49):

With regard to clause 4 [_viz_ , the clause which subsequently became s 3 of
the Penal Code (Amendment) Ordinance 1938], it is unfortunately the case that
acts of the nature described have been brought to notice. As the law now
stands, such acts can only be dealt with, if at all, under the Minor Offences
Ordinance, and then _only if committed in public_. Punishment under the
Ordinance is inadequate _and the chances of detection are small_. _It is
desired, therefore, to strengthen the law and_ to bring it into line with
English Criminal Law, from which this clause is taken, and the law of various
other parts of the Colonial Empire of which it is only necessary to mention
Hong Kong and Gibralter where conditions are somewhat similar to our own.
[emphasis added]

28 Prior to the enactment of s 377A of the 1936 Penal Code, the law making
“gross indecency” between male homosexuals an offence only targeted public
conduct, and Mr Howell’s comment on how small the chances of detection were
was probably stated in this context. As private acts were largely out of the
law’s reach, Mr Howell stated that the Legislature desired to “strengthen the
law” (see _Proceedings of the Legislative Council of the Straits Settlements_
(13 June 1938) at p B49) by extending it to reach the private domain. Section
377A of the 1936 Penal Code thus expressly provided that acts of “gross
indecency”, whether committed “in public or private”, were equally to be
treated as offences. _It appears from this that the enactment_ _of s 377A_ _of
the 1936 Penal Code was a calculated move to criminalise private sexual
conduct between males._

29 As Mr Howell referred to the position in Hong Kong, we will add a few brief
words on the same. Hong Kong previously had a section equivalent to s 377A in
the form of s 51 of the Offences Against the Person Ordinance (Cap 212, 1981
Rev Ed) (HK) (“s 51”). Section 51 was located in a chapter entitled
“Abominable Offences”. That chapter also included the offence of buggery under
s 49, which, like the corresponding English provision, was gender neutral. The
provisions on “Abominable Offences” were introduced into Hong Kong law in 1865
when the UK Offences Against the Person Act 1861 was adopted. In 1983, the Law
Reform Commission of Hong Kong (“the Commission”), in its report dated 15
April 1983 entitled “Laws Governing Homosexual Conduct (Topic 2)”, recommended
that the law should not prohibit consensual sexual conduct between adults of
the same sex in private (at para 11.50). The Commission defined “in private”
as a situation where not more than two persons were present. These proposals
were not implemented by the Hong Kong government. In 1990, with the imminent
passage of the Hong Kong Bill of Rights Ordinance (Cap 383) (this was
eventually passed in 1991), the Hong Kong Legislative Council held a debate
and the Chief Secretary of Hong Kong noted that the laws against homosexual
conduct would soon be “open to challenge under the [proposed] Bill of Rights”
(see _Hong Kong Legislative Council, Official Report of Proceedings_ (11 July,
1990)). Following the debate, the Crimes (Amendment) Ordinance (No 90 of 1991)
(HK) was passed, decriminalising consensual sexual conduct between two
homosexual adults, with adults defined as persons of 21 years and above. The
relevant provisions of the Crimes Ordinance (Cap 200) (HK) (“the Hong Kong
Crimes Ordinance”) were subsequently challenged in _Leung_ (see below at
[96]), and were found to be unconstitutional as they infringed the right to
privacy and equality. The Hong Kong Court of Appeal found (at [51(2)] of
_Leung_) that there was no justification as to “why the minimum age
requirement for buggery [was] 21 whereas as far as sexual intercourse between
a man and a woman [was] concerned, the age of consent [was] only 16”.

30 Developments in the law have not been confined to England and Hong Kong.
There have also been further developments in both Singapore and India with
regard to the ambit of, respectively, s 377 and s 377A (where Singapore is
concerned) and s 377 of the IPC (where India is concerned). In _Naz_ , the
High Court of Delhi noted (at [2]) that s 377 of the IPC was extremely broad
as it criminalised all “sex other than heterosexual penile-vaginal [sex]”.
Further, consent was not a defence, and there were no distinctions made as to
the age of the participants. Acts which amounted to “sexual perversity” (see
_Calvin Francis v Orissa_ 1992 (2) Crimes 455 and _Fazal_ _Rab_ _Choudhary v
State of Bihar_ AIR 1983 SC 323), including oral sex, anal sex and penetration
of other orifices (see _Lohana_ _Vasantlal_ _Devchand and others v The State_
AIR 1968 Guj 252), were caught by s 377 of the IPC. This would have included
both _heterosexual and homosexual_ oral sex and anal sex. We note that based
on such an interpretation (as applied to the Singapore context), s 377A may be
seen as a subset of s 377, covering a specific class of persons, _viz_ , men
who participate in sexual conduct with other men. In _Naz_ , the court (at
[132]) read down s 377 of the IPC to only govern “ _non-consensual_ penile
non-vaginal sex and penile non-vaginal sex involving _minors_ ” [emphasis
added]. We note that _Naz_ has since been challenged through public interest
litigation before the Supreme Court of India, and at the time of writing this
judgment, the appeal has yet to be determined.

31 In Singapore, the predecessor versions of s 377 and s 377A were absorbed
unchanged into the Penal Code (Cap 119, 1955 Rev Ed). As alluded to above at
[24], s 377 was subsequently repealed by the Penal Code (Amendment) Act 2007
(Act 51 of 2007) (“the 2007 Amendment Act”). During the parliamentary debates
on 22 and 23 October 2007 (“the October 2007 parliamentary debates”) regarding
the Bill which later became the 2007 Amendment Act (_viz_ , the Penal Code
(Amendment) Bill 2007 (Bill 38 of 2007)), the then Senior Minister of State
for Home Affairs, Assoc Prof Ho Peng Kee (“Assoc Prof Ho”), explained the
decision to repeal s 377 as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (22 October 2007) vol 83 at cols 2198–2200):

_Updating Penal Code provisions to reflect societal norms and values_

...

_Section 377_

Next, Sir, we will be removing the use of the archaic term, “Carnal
Intercourse Against the Order of Nature” from the [1985] **Penal****Code**. By
repealing section 377, any sexual act including oral and anal sex, between a
**_consenting_** heterosexual couple, 16 years of age and above, **_will no
longer be criminalised when done in private. As the [1985]_**_Penal_ _Code_**
_reflects social norms and values, deleting section 377 is the right thing to
do as Singaporeans by and large do not find oral and anal sex between two
consenting male and female [persons] in private offensive or unacceptable_**.
This is clear from the public reaction to the case of [_Annis bin Abdullah v
Public Prosecutor_ [2003] SGDC 290] in [2003] and confirmed through the
feedback received in the course of this **Penal****Code** review consultation.

Sir, offences such as section 376 on sexual assault by penetration will be
enacted to cover non-consensual oral and anal sex. Some of the acts that were
previously covered within the scope of the existing section 377 will now be
included within new sections 376 – Sexual assault by penetration, 376A –
Sexual penetration of minor under 16, 376B – Commercial sex with minor[s]
under 18, 376F – Procurement of sexual activity with person with mental
disability, 376G – Incest and 377B – Sexual penetration with living animal.
New offences will be introduced to clearly define unnatural sexual acts that
will be criminalised, that is, bestiality (sexual acts with an animal) and
necrophilia (sexual acts with a corpse).

[emphasis added in bold italics]

32 It can thus be seen that the over-breadth of s 377, which criminalised
consensual _heterosexual_ oral and anal sex in private, was a key reason for
its repeal. The gender neutrality of s 377 was affirmed in _Public Prosecutor
v Kwan Kwong_ _Weng_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 316 (“ _Kwan Kwong_ _Weng_ ”), which held
(at [17]) that s 377 was an “all-embracing provision concerning ‘unnatural
offences’”. The scope of s 377 was clarified by this court to cover more than
just the offences of sodomy and bestiality (at [17]), and to include
_consensual_ fellatio between a man and a woman where fellatio did not lead to
consensual sexual intercourse (at [31]). Where fellatio was a substitute for
“natural sexual intercourse”, the woman’s consent to perform the act of
fellatio “[could not] save it from being an offence under s 377” (at [32]).
_Kwan Kwong_ _Weng_ was followed in the later case of _Annis bin Abdullah v
Public Prosecutor_ [2003] SGDC 290 (“ _Annis bin Abdullah_ ”), which Assoc
Prof Ho referred to in the October 2007 parliamentary debates (see above at
[31]). In _Annis bin Abdullah_ , the accused engaged in the act of fellatio
with a female (“the complainant”). The fellatio did not lead to sexual
intercourse. The complainant subsequently lodged a police report, and the
accused was charged under s 377. He pleaded guilty, and was convicted and
sentenced to two years’ imprisonment, a sentence which was subsequently
lowered to one year’s imprisonment on appeal (see _Annis bin Abdullah v Public
Prosecutor_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 93). The charge sheet and the statement of facts
stated that the complainant was 16 years old at the time of the offence. While
there was a side issue regarding the complainant’s age (it was subsequently
revealed that the charge sheet and the statement of facts were erroneous, and
that the complainant was actually 15, rather than 16, years old at the time of
the offence), this had no effect on the accused’s conviction under s 377. The
complainant’s age would only have been relevant to the accused’s conviction if
the complainant’s consent had been a defence to the charge under s 377 (the
age of consent is 16 years of age). Pursuant to _Kwan Kwong_ _Weng_ , the
District Court in _Annis bin Abdullah_ held (at [2]) that consent was
irrelevant to a charge under s 377 where fellatio was performed “as a
substitute for natural sexual intercourse”. Nonetheless, the fact that the
complainant had voluntarily performed fellatio on the accused was published by
the media, leading to an intense public debate (see, _eg_ , Tanya Fong &
Glenys Sim, “Oral sex ruling vexes many” _The Straits Times_ (8 November 2003)
at p H1). The tenor of the views publicly expressed was largely supportive of
the repeal of s 377, and this did not go unnoticed by the Legislature, which
consequentially undertook the updating of the 1985 Penal Code to “reflect
societal norms and values” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (22 October 2007) vol 83 at col 2198). The archaic wording of s 377
was also found to be too vague to be effective, and more precise provisions
were enacted to cover cases which were thought to be deserving of criminal
sanction and which would formerly have been within the ambit of s 377 (see now
ss 376A–376G and 377B of the current Penal Code).

33 As is well known, and as the facts of the present case attest, while s 377
was repealed by the 2007 Amendment Act, the then equivalent of s 377A (_viz_ ,
s 377A of the 1985 Penal Code) was retained. While it was uncontroversial that
the 2007 Amendment Act was timely and necessary, the issue which attracted the
most press and public debate was, ironically, a non-amendment, _viz_ , the
retention of the then equivalent of s 377A. With this overview of the relevant
legislative history in place, we will proceed to examine the issues on appeal
set out at [18] above.

Issue 1

34 As noted above, what has to be ascertained with regard to Issue 1 is
whether Tan has a reasonable cause of action under Art 4, given that, on the
face of it, Art 4 only applies to “any law enacted by the Legislature _after
the commencement of this Constitution_ ” [emphasis added]. This is a new issue
raised on appeal by the AG that was not before the Judge. The crux of this
issue is whether laws enacted prior to the commencement of the Constitution
can also be voided under Art 4 (hereafter called “the Art 4 issue”).

The AG’s case

35 On behalf of the AG, Mr Abdullah contends that Art 4 _cannot_ be relied on
to invalidate s 377A. Given that s 377A was enacted (in the form of s 377A of
the 1936 Penal Code) by the Penal Code (Amendment) Ordinance 1938 (see above
at [27]), _ie_ , well _before_ the commencement of the Constitution on 9
August 1965, Mr Abdullah submits that Tan may not rely on Art 4 to have s 377A
declared void. Mr Abdullah thus submits that the Application discloses no
reasonable cause of action under Art 4 and must be struck out under O 18 r
19(1)(_a_).

36 According to Mr Abdullah, the proper constitutional provision under which a
constitutional challenge against s 377A can be brought is Art 162 of the
Constitution (“Art 162”). He emphasises that the material difference between
Art 4 and Art 162 is that _only_ the former provides for the voiding of
unconstitutional laws. While Mr Abdullah concedes that it is open to Tan to
argue for the modification, _etc_ , of s 377A under Art 162, he contends that
it is incumbent on Tan to distinctly state the modification, _etc_ , which he
seeks in the Application itself as his standing depends on the precise
modification, _etc_ , sought. As Tan did not do so in the Application, Mr
Abdullah argues that it is “fatally deficient, discloses no reasonable cause
of action, and ought to be struck out”.[note: 1]

Tan’s case

37 Before us, Mr Ravi stated that he did not intend to address the Art 4 issue
as it was a new point which was raised only on appeal. As such, he confined
himself to stating that Art 4 stressed the supremacy of the Constitution and
that Art 162 should be read subject to it.

Our analysis and decision

38 As noted above at [34], the Art 4 issue is a new issue that the AG has
raised on appeal. Under O 57 r 9A(4)(_b_) of the Rules, where a party intends
to introduce on appeal a new point not taken in the court below, it is
incumbent on that party to state this clearly in its Case. This was not done
in the present appeal: the Respondent’s Case filed by the AG does not clearly
disclose the Art 4 issue as a new point. Be that as it may, O 57 r 13(4) of
the Rules provides that even if the requirements of O 57 r 9A are not met,
this court may make “any order, on such terms as the Court thinks just, to
ensure the determination on the merits of the real question in controversy
between the parties”. An appellate court should only hear a new point on
appeal where it is competent _and_ where it is “expedient, in the interests of
justice” to do so (see _Connecticut Fire Insurance Company v Kavanagh_ [1982]
AC 473 at 480 (cited in _Feoso (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Faith Maritime Co Ltd_
[2003] 3 SLR(R) 556 (“ _Feoso_ ”) at [28])). One of the factors going to an
appellate court’s competency to hear a new point on appeal is whether the new
point can be disposed of without deciding questions of fact (see _Feoso_ at
[28]). If the new point cannot be disposed of without deciding questions of
fact, the appellate court will be in a less advantageous position to determine
that point than the court below. In the present case, the Art 4 issue is
purely a question of law, and given that it is a novel issue of constitutional
interpretation, we find that it is expedient and in the interests of justice
for us to proceed to determine the issue.

39 On our understanding, Mr Abdullah’s submissions on the Art 4 issue amount
to a claim that Art 4 and Art 162 create exclusive parallel regimes under
which:

(a) laws enacted _after the commencement of the Constitution_ , and _only_
such laws, may be voided for incompatibility with the Constitution (pursuant
to Art 4); and

(b) _all_ laws shall be construed to bring them into conformity with the
Constitution, regardless of when they come into force (pursuant to Art 162).

40 To decide if this is indeed the correct interpretation of Art 4 and Art
162, we will examine the respective scopes of these two Articles and the
relationship between them.

The relevant constitutional provisions

41 Article 4 provides as follows:

**Supremacy of Constitution**

**4**. _This Constitution is the supreme law_ of the Republic of Singapore and
any law enacted by the Legislature _after_ _the commencement of this
Constitution_ which is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the
extent of the inconsistency, be void.

[emphasis added]

The date of the “commencement of this Constitution” is defined in Art 2(1) of
the Constitution (“Art 2(1)”) as 9 August 1965.

42 Article 162 provides as follows:

**Existing laws**

**162**. Subject to this Article, _all_ _existing laws_ _shall continue in
force_ on and after the commencement of this Constitution and all laws which
have not been brought into force by the date of the commencement of this
Constitution may, subject as aforesaid, be brought into force on or after its
commencement, but all such laws shall, subject to this Article, be _construed_
as from the commencement of this Constitution with such modifications,
adaptations, qualifications and exceptions as may be necessary to bring them
into conformity with this Constitution.

[emphasis added]

For the purposes of Art 162, the term “existing law” is defined in Art 2(1) as
“any law having effect as part of the law of Singapore immediately before the
commencement of this Constitution”, and the term “law” is defined (likewise in
Art 2(1)) as including, _inter alia_ , “written law and … the common law in so
far as it is in operation in Singapore”. In the context of Art 162, existing
law thus includes the common law that was in operation in Singapore prior to
the commencement of the Constitution (see _Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ _v Lee
Kuan Yew_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 791 at [57]).

The position in Malaysia with regard to the Art 4 issue

43 Certain provisions of the Federal Constitution of Malaysia 1963 (“the
Constitution of Malaysia”, which expression will also include, where
appropriate, the relevant predecessor version of the Federal Constitution of
Malaysia 1963), including the then equivalent of Art 4 and Art 162, continued
to be in force in Singapore post-independence pursuant to s 6 of the Republic
of Singapore Independence Act 1965 (Act 9 of 1965), which provided as follows:

**Continuance in force of provisions of the Constitution of Malaysia and
exercise of powers thereunder**

**6.** —(1) The provisions of the Constitution of Malaysia, other than those
set out in subsection (3), shall continue in force in Singapore subject to
such modifications, adaptations and qualifications and exceptions as may be
necessary to bring them into conformity with the independent status of
Singapore upon separation from Malaysia.

(2) The provisions of the Constitution of Malaysia referred to in subsection
(1) may in their application to Singapore be amended by the Legislature.

...

(5) In this section, “amendment” includes addition and repeal.

44 The following table shows a comparison of the relevant Articles of the
Constitution of Malaysia with Art 4 and Art 162 of the Constitution of
Singapore:

Article number |  The Constitution of Singapore |  The Constitution of Malaysia  
---|---|---  
4 |  **4.** This Constitution is the supreme law of the Republic of Singapore and any law enacted by the Legislature after the commencement of this Constitution which is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the extent of the inconsistency, be void. |  **4.** (1)This Constitution is the supreme law of the Federation and any law passed after Merdeka Day [_viz_ , 31 August 1957] which is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the extent of the inconsistency, be void. …  
162 |  **162.** Subject to this Article, all existing laws shall continue in force on and after the commencement of this Constitution and all laws which have not been brought into force by the date of the commencement of this Constitution may, subject as aforesaid, be brought into force on or after its commencement, but all such laws shall, subject to this Article, be construed as from the commencement of this Constitution with such modifications, adaptations, qualifications and exceptions as may be necessary to bring them into conformity with this Constitution. |  **162.** (1)Subject to the following provisions of this Article and Article 163, the existing laws shall, until repealed by the authority having power to do so under this Constitution, continue in force on and after Merdeka Day, with such modifications as may be made therein under this Article and subject to any amendments made by federal or State law. … (6)Any court or tribunal applying the provision of any existing law which has not been modified on or after Merdeka Day under this Article or otherwise may apply it with such modifications as may be necessary to bring it into accord with the provisions of this Constitution. (7)In this Article “modification” includes amendment, adaptation and repeal.  
  
  

45 Article 162 of the Constitution of Malaysia provides for two avenues to
deal with existing laws that are unconstitutional. The first, provided for by
Art 162(1), is legislative – such laws may be repealed by legislation. The
second, provided for by Art 162(6), is judicial – such laws may be applied by
the courts with the necessary modifications to bring them into accord with the
Constitution of Malaysia.

46 We note that there are four differences between the wording of Art 162 of
the Constitution of Singapore and its Malaysian counterpart. The first
difference is relatively minor, namely, that Art 162 of the Constitution of
Singapore only expressly provides for judicial interpretation and makes no
mention of legislative repeal. We find this difference to be minor as it is
trite that the Singapore legislature has the power to repeal or modify any law
(Arts 38 and 58 of the Constitution of Singapore vest the legislative power in
Singapore’s legislature), and this must apply with particular force where the
law in question is unconstitutional. The second difference is that Art 162 of
the Constitution of Singapore provides that all laws shall be _construed_ with
the necessary modifications, _etc_ , to bring them into conformity with the
Constitution, whereas Art 162(6) of the Constitution of Malaysia speaks
instead of _applying_ existing laws with the necessary modifications. As both
the construction and the application of the law involve a process of judicial
interpretation, we do not find this difference to be material. The third
difference is that Art 162 of the Constitution of Singapore provides that the
courts _shall_ construe all laws with the necessary modifications, _etc_ , to
bring them into conformity with the Constitution, whereas Art 162(6) of the
Constitution of Malaysia provides that the courts _may_ apply existing laws
with the necessary modifications. This difference may be more apparent than
real as the word “may” was interpreted by the Privy Council in _B Surinder
Singh_ _Kanda_ _v_ _The Government of the Federation of Malaya_ [1962] MLJ 169
(“ _Surinder Singh_ ”) (at 171) to mean “must”, which aligns the positions
under the two Constitutions in this respect. The fourth difference is that the
Singapore courts’ power of modification, _etc_ , under Art 162 of the
Constitution of Singapore applies to _all_ laws, and is thus broader than the
Malaysian courts’ corresponding power under Art 162(6) of the Constitution of
Malaysia, which is expressly limited to “ _existing_ law” [emphasis added].
For our purposes, the relevance of this fourth difference is that it shows
that under the Constitution of Singapore, there is no stark dichotomy between
the Singapore courts’ power to deal with, respectively, unconstitutional
_existing_ laws and unconstitutional laws enacted _after_ the commencement of
the Constitution. Both types of laws fall under Art 162 and can be construed
with the appropriate modifications, _etc_ , to bring them into conformity with
the Constitution. The question that we now have to decide is whether both
types of laws also fall under Art 4 such that they can be held to be void to
the extent of their inconsistency with the Constitution.

47 While this is the first time that the Singapore courts have had to confront
the Art 4 issue, it has previously arisen for decision in Malaysia. We will
thus begin by considering the line of Malaysian cases which have interpreted
the equivalent provisions of Art 4 and Art 162 in the Constitution of
Malaysia. While we have noted certain differences between the relevant
constitutional provisions of Singapore and Malaysia (see above at [46]), we
find that these differences do not detract from the Malaysian cases as a
helpful reference point. These cases were not cited to us by the AG, perhaps
because they do not speak with one voice. Upon a close scrutiny, we find that
the tenor of these cases _does not_ go so far as to support the position
contended for by the AG. We now proceed to analyse these cases.

48 In _Surinder Singh_ , the applicant, a police inspector, challenged his
dismissal as being unconstitutional for a failure to adhere to the
constitutionally-stipulated procedure. For our purposes, the relevant issue in
_Surinder Singh_ arose from two sets of legislation prescribing conflicting
procedures for the dismissal of police officers. There is a need to go into a
fair level of detail to appreciate the import of the case. The overarching
framework for the dismissal of members of the police service was stipulated in
Art 135(1) of the Constitution of Malaysia, which provided that such dismissal
could only be carried out by a person who had the power at that time to also
appoint officers of the same rank as that of the officer whom he sought to
dismiss. In other words, the power of appointment and the power of dismissal
went hand in hand. The Privy Council thus had to determine who had the
authority to appoint persons of the applicant’s rank. Here is where we come to
the two conflicting sets of legislation. The first set consisted of ss 9(1)
and 45(1) of the Police Ordinance 1952 (M’sia) (“the Police Ordinance 1952”),
an existing law which pre-dated the Constitution of Malaysia. Section 9(1) of
the Police Ordinance 1952 provided that the Commissioner of Police could
appoint superior police officers, including police inspectors, and s 45(1)
provided that the Commissioner of Police could dismiss (_inter alia_) police
inspectors. The second set of provisions was constitutional, _viz_ , Arts
140(1) and 144(1) of the Constitution of Malaysia. Article 140(1) set up the
Police Service Commission, and Art 144(1) provided that it had the duty to
appoint members of the police service. As the applicant had been dismissed by
the Commissioner of Police rather than the Police Service Commission, the
procedure for dismissal had failed to comply with the constitutional
provisions, and this was the source of the applicant’s complaint. However, his
dismissal was in line with the existing law (_viz_ , s 45(1) of the Police
Ordinance 1952). Given that Art 144(1) of the Constitution of Malaysia
expressly provided that it was “ _[s]ubject to the provisions of any existing
law_ ” [emphasis added], the respondent in _Surinder Singh_ argued that the
Constitution of Malaysia was subject to the existing law, and not _vice
versa_. Therefore, it was sufficient that the applicant’s dismissal had been
in line with the existing law, even though this inevitably led to a failure to
comply with the conflicting constitutional provisions.

49 This argument was rejected by the Privy Council. Lord Denning, who
delivered the judgment of the Privy Council in _Surinder Singh_ ,
unequivocally upheld the supremacy of the Constitution of Malaysia, stating
(at 171):

In a conflict of this kind between the existing law and the Constitution
[_viz_ , the Constitution of Malaysia], _the Constitution must prevail_.
[emphasis added]

Therefore, to give effect to the Constitution of Malaysia, the court’s power
under Art 162(6) was exercised to apply the existing law with such
modifications as were necessary to bring it into accord with the Constitution
of Malaysia. As noted earlier at [46] above, the Privy Council stated (at 171)
that modification of unconstitutional law “must” be carried out. On the facts
of the case, the necessary modification applied was that since Merdeka Day, it
was the Police Service Commission, and not the Commissioner of Police, that
had the power to appoint members of the police service. As the applicant had
been dismissed by the Commissioner of Police, his dismissal was void.

50 We observe that the Privy Council’s “modification” to the existing law in
_Surinder Singh_ involved a substitution _in toto_ of the words “Police
Service Commission” in place of the words “Commissioner of Police”. This
demonstrates a broad understanding of the court’s power of modification. The
breadth of the court’s power of modification meant that the Privy Council did
not have to consider a situation where modification of an existing law was
impossible, and whether, in such a case, that law could be voided under Art 4
of the Constitution of Malaysia, an argument which was raised in the later
case of _Assa Singh v Mentri_ _Besar, Johore_ [1969] 2 MLJ 30 (“ _Assa Singh_
”).

51 _Assa Singh_ also involved the alleged unconstitutionality of an existing
law. The applicant in that case had argued that modification of the relevant
law under Art 162(6) of the Constitution of Malaysia was impossible because it
would involve a complete re-writing of that law. While the Federal Court of
Malaysia agreed with the applicant that the existing law in question was
inconsistent with a constitutional provision, the court unanimously found that
modification was possible. The relevant constitutional provisions were thus
read into the existing law to bring it into line with the Constitution of
Malaysia. Therefore, the court’s comments on the Art 4 issue were _obiter_.
Ong Hock Thye CJ (Malaya) opined (at 35D) that since Art 4 of the Constitution
of Malaysia only spoke of laws passed after Merdeka Day, “the validity or
otherwise of the pre-Merdeka [law] w[ould] have to be considered solely by
reference to article 162”. Ong CJ went on to affirm the distinction between
Arts 4 and 162 of the Constitution of Malaysia, namely, that Art 162 did not
provide for the voiding of unconstitutional laws (at 35E, quoting from the
submissions of the respondent in _Assa Singh_):

As to post-Merdeka law, the Constitution [_viz_ , the Constitution of
Malaysia] is supreme and if any of that law is inconsistent with the
provisions of the Constitution, to the extent of such inconsistency that law
shall be void – article 4(1). But as regards pre-Merdeka law, such law shall
continue to be in force until repealed; in the meantime its continuity and
enforceability is subject to modi?cation, ?rstly, by a Legislative Act or
Enactment or, secondly, by process of judicial interpretation, the executive
order of the Yang di-Pertuan Agong to modify the same having expired – article
162(1) and (6). It must be noted that article 162 does not use the expression
that pre-Merdeka law shall be void to the extent of the inconsistency but,
instead, it expressly states that the law shall continue to be in force.

52 In so far as Ong CJ’s comments relate to the differences between Arts 4 and
162 of the Constitution of Malaysia, and how Art 162 does not _itself_ provide
for the voiding of unconstitutional laws, we share his views. We note,
however, that while Ong CJ said that unconstitutional existing laws would
continue in force until and unless they were modified by the Legislature
(under Art 162(1)) or by the Judiciary (under Art 162(6)) where a
constitutional challenge was brought, he did not discuss the extent of the
court’s powers when faced with an unconstitutional existing law which _could
not be modified_.

53 Suffian FJ echoed Ong CJ by stating (at 40A of _Assa Singh_) that any
existing law prior to Merdeka Day would continue in force on and after Merdeka
Day “even if it [was] inconsistent with the Constitution [of Malaysia]”. He
referred to _Surinder Singh_ in support of this proposition, stating that the
relevant legislation in _Surinder Singh_ had openly conflicted with the
Constitution of Malaysia, and yet, it had not been held to be void. As noted
above, the reason why the relevant existing law in _Surinder Singh_ was not
held to be void was that this was not necessary after the modification was
effected. As such, we understand Suffian FJ to be saying that existing laws
which are inconsistent with the Constitution of Malaysia will remain in force
_until a constitutional challenge is mounted against them_. Once such a
challenge is mounted, if the law is found to be unconstitutional, the courts
must then remedy the unconstitutionality by making the necessary modifications
(see _Surinder Singh_ at 171). Further, given that _Surinder Singh_ held that
an action taken under an unconstitutional law was void, Suffian FJ cannot be
understood as saying that actions taken under unconstitutional laws would be
allowed to have effect. We also note that Raja Azlan Shah J stated in _Assa
Singh_ that while existing laws were not allowed to stand in the way of the
exercise of fundamental rights, such inconsistent laws “[were] not wiped off
the statute book” (at 46C) as to do so “would be to give fundamental rights a
retrospective effect which the law [held] they [had] not” (likewise at 46C).
Such inconsistent laws would instead be unenforceable. We respectfully diverge
from this view as we find that the modification or voiding of an existing law
which impinges on constitutionally-protected fundamental rights does not give
such rights a retrospective effect so long as the action to modify or void
that law is taken after the Constitution in question comes into effect. Once a
Constitution comes into effect, the protection of the fundamental rights
guaranteed by that Constitution also comes into effect. There is nothing
“retrospective” about this.

54 _Assa Singh_ was applied in the later case of _Jamaluddin bin Mohd_ _Radzi
& Ors v Sivakumar a/l Varatharaju Naidu __(claimed as Yang Dipertua_ _Dewan_
_Negeri Perak Darul_ _Ridzuan), Election Commission, intervener_ [2009] 4 MLJ
593 (“ _Jamaluddin_ ”). _Jamaluddin_ also involved an existing law, _viz_ , a
provision of the Constitution of the Malaysian state of Perak. The Federal
Court of Malaysia referred to Ong CJ’s holdings in _Assa Singh_ (see above at
[51]) in support of the finding (at [8] of _Jamaluddin_) that “[p]re-Merdeka
laws [could] never be declared as void”. With respect, we find this conclusion
rather puzzling, given that Ong CJ did _not_ say in _Assa Singh_ that pre-
Merdeka laws could never be declared to be void. What Ong CJ appeared to say
was that pre-Merdeka laws could not be voided _under the regime of Art 162 of
the Constitution of Malaysia_. Further, there is difficulty reconciling the
court’s stance in _Jamaluddin_ with the unequivocal view expressed by the
Privy Council in _Surinder Singh_ (see above at [49]).

55 In our view, apart from _Jamaluddin_ , the Malaysian cases cannot be taken
as support for the AG’s contention that existing laws can never be voided
under Art 4. As we explained in the preceding paragraph, it appears that
_Jamaluddin_ is itself out of kilter with the approach adopted in earlier
cases such as _Surinder Singh_ and _Assa Singh_. We align ourselves with the
latter two cases, and find that while those two cases hold that modification
of unconstitutional existing laws must be carried out, this is only in so far
as modification is possible. _Surinder Singh_ and _Assa Singh_ leave open the
position which the courts should take where modification is impossible, _viz_
, whether the courts can then void the unconstitutional existing law under Art
4. It is this question that we must now turn to, looking at the Constitution
of Singapore. Before we do so, we note that our views correspond with those of
the authors of the _Report of the Federation of Malaya Constitutional
Commission_ (11 February 1957) (Chairman: Lord Reid) (“the Reid Report”) and
also with those of leading constitutional experts who have studied the
Constitution of Malaysia. The Reid Report at para 161 recommended the
inclusion of fundamental rights in the Constitution of Malaysia as only a
Constitution, as the supreme law, was able to guarantee fundamental rights:

The guarantee afforded by the Constitution [of Malaysia] _is the supremacy of
the law_ and the power and duty of the Courts to enforce these rights and to
annul any attempt to subvert any of them whether by legislative or
administrative action or otherwise. [emphasis added]

56 The same point was noted by Datuk Ahmad Ibrahim (see “Interpreting the
Constitution: Some General Principles” in _The Constitution of Malaysia,
Further Perspectives and Developments: Essays in honour of Tun Mohamed
Suffian_ (F A Trindade & H P Lee eds) (Oxford University Press, 1986) at p
19), who commented that the Reid Report took the view that fundamental rights
must be guaranteed by the Constitution of Malaysia as the guarantee afforded
by that Constitution was the supremacy of the law. In the commentary on Art
162 of the Constitution of Malaysia in Dato K C Vohrah, Philip T N Koh & Peter
S W Ling, _Sheridan & Groves: The Constitution of Malaysia_ (Malayan Law
Journal, 5th Ed, 2004), _Surinder Singh_ is cited (at p 708) for the
proposition that “inconsistent existing laws must give way to the Constitution
[of Malaysia] even where an Article or the Constitution [of Malaysia] was
expressed to be ‘subject to existing laws’”. R H Hickling, _Malaysian Public
Law_ (Pelanduk Publications, 1997) at p 50 also refers to _Surinder Singh_ as
upholding the supremacy of the Constitution of Malaysia. The strongest
statement of support for our view comes from Harry E Groves, _The Constitution
of Malaysia_ (Malaysia Publications, 1964), who wrote that the Constitution of
Malaysia continued existing laws “provided such laws were not inconsistent
with [that] Constitution” (at p 36), and that existing laws which were
inconsistent with the Constitution of Malaysia and which “[had] not been
modified in one of the available ways _must be held void_ ” [emphasis added]
(at p 37, citing _Surinder Singh_).

The position in Singapore with regard to the Art 4 issue

57 As mentioned earlier (see above at [47]), this is the first time that the
Art 4 issue has arisen for decision by our courts. While our courts have
modified existing laws to bring them into conformity with the Constitution
pursuant to Art 162, thus far, there have not been any decisions on whether
existing laws can be voided under Art 4.

58 This is an important issue as Art 162 may not provide an adequate remedy in
every case. While Art 162 imposes a duty on the courts to construe
modifications, _etc_ , into unconstitutional existing laws, it is clear that
there are _limits_ to construction. It is a trite principle of statutory
construction that the interpretation adopted cannot be inconsistent with the
express statutory wording. The same goes for the construction of
constitutional provisions. In our view, Art 162 only directs that all laws be
read in conformity with the Constitution _as far as this is possible_. Even
so, it will be remembered that the Malaysian courts’ power of “modification”
under Art 162(6) of the Constitution of Malaysia was given a wide scope in
_Surinder Singh_ (see above at [50]). It seems to us that a similarly broad
reading of the power of modification under Art 162 should likewise be adopted
in Singapore, given that the distinction between “apply” in Art 162(6) of the
Constitution of Malaysia and “construed” in Art 162 of the Constitution of
Singapore is not a material one (see above at [46]). Further, there are hints
in our case law that a similar breadth might be accorded to Art 162. For
instance, in _Butterworth & Co (Publishers) Ltd and others v Ng Sui Nam_
[1985–1986] SLR(R) 33, an existing statute was construed so as to be in line
with the Constitution even though this “[led] to a somewhat bizarre result”
(at [25]). As such, it may well be an exceptional case where the necessary
modifications, _etc_ , cannot be effected to bring an unconstitutional law
into line with the Constitution.

59 In the event that construing a modification into an unconstitutional law is
impossible, the supremacy of the Constitution must continue to be upheld, and
the offending legislation will be struck down under Art 162 read harmoniously
with Art 4. _To the extent that any law does not conform to and cannot be
reconciled with the Constitution through a process of construction, it is
void._ Article 4 provides for the unconstitutional portion of the law to be
severed while retaining the remaining part of the law in the statute books. In
other words, the court’s power to void laws for inconsistency with the
Constitution under Art 4 _can_ be interpreted to include the power to void
laws which _pre-date_ the Constitution.

60 In our view, this interpretation of Art 4 is consistent with Art 162. A
purposive approach towards the interpretation of these two constitutional
provisions should be adopted pursuant to s 9A read with s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed). Section 9A(1) provides that an
interpretation which promotes “the purpose or object underlying the written
law … shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object”, and s 2 includes the Constitution in the definition of
“written law”. Article 4 provides for one of the most important features of
the Constitution, _viz_ , that it is the supreme law of Singapore. The
supremacy of the Constitution is necessary for the purposes of the
Constitution to be protected as it ensures that the institutions created by
the Constitution are governed by the rule of law, and that the fundamental
liberties under the Constitution are guaranteed. Therefore, we find that the
supremacy of the Constitution cannot be dependent on when a law was enacted:
constitutional supremacy must apply equally both to laws which pre-date and
laws which post-date the enactment of the Constitution (see _Surinder Singh_
above at [49]).

61 On our understanding, Art 4 and Art 162 _share this overarching aim of
upholding the supremacy of the Constitution_. Nonetheless, the two Articles
_have different, although not conflicting, means of doing so_. As stated above
(at [52]), we agree with Ong CJ’s observation in _Assa Singh_ that there is a
difference between the two Articles, and that Art 162 does not itself provide
for the voiding of unconstitutional laws. Article 162 is clearly a
transitional provision which specifically deals with existing laws (in the
Constitution, Art 162 is found under Part XIV, which is headed “Transitional
Provisions”). The purpose of Art 162 was to expressly provide for the
continuity of existing laws in order to: (a) prevent lacunas in the law from
arising as a result of the doctrine of implied repeal; and (b) eliminate the
need to re-enact the entire corpus of existing laws when Singapore became an
independent republic. At the time when the Constitution of Malaysia and the
Constitution of Singapore were respectively enacted, the two States already
each had a system of law in place: an existing corpus of legislation as well
as the common law. While the respective Constitutions vested the legislative
power of the States in their respective newly-constituted Legislatures, these
new legislative organs could not, within a reasonable period of time, provide
the respective States with the complete framework of law necessary for the
functioning of the States. Therefore, it was necessary to provide that the
existing laws remained in force, and Art 162 was enacted in Singapore for this
purpose. In addition to preserving existing laws, Art 162 also provides for
the supremacy of the Constitution to be upheld by stipulating that all laws
(including existing laws) shall be construed in conformity with the
Constitution. Given that Art 162 is concerned with preserving existing laws
while keeping them in line with the Constitution through implementing the
necessary modifications, _etc_ , there is no need for it to also provide for
the power to _void_ unconstitutional existing laws as this is not within the
ambit of its subject matter. The fact that Art 162 does not itself provide for
the voiding of unconstitutional existing law does not mean that such law
cannot be voided under another provision, _viz_ , Art 4.

62 To hold otherwise, in accordance with the AG’s argument, means that when
the limits of statutory construction are reached, a law will survive despite
being in conflict with the Constitution. While this appears to have been the
view in _Assa Singh_ , as we have explained (see above at [52]–[53]), the
unconstitutional law will only survive _as long as_ the Legislature and/or the
Judiciary do not take measures to bring the law into line with the
Constitution. We add that we find it counter-intuitive that the Constitution
would itself provide (via Art 162) that unconstitutional laws which have
existed in our statute books since before 9 August 1965 – and which have
infringed constitutional rights since that time – are preserved in our statute
books. This cannot be the case. We thus find that the mere accident of vintage
should not place an unconstitutional law which pre-dates the Constitution
beyond the potency of Art 4.

63 Additional support for our view is found in the _Report of the
Constitutional Commission_ (27 August 1966) (Chairman: Wee Chong Jin CJ) (“the
Wee Report”) and the parliamentary debates on the Wee Report. The Wee Report
recommended at para 73 that a constitutional supremacy clause should be
included in the Constitution:

If the recommendations that we have made in the earlier Chapters of this
Report are to be meaningful and to be effective safeguards against the abuse
of majority power, then it is necessary that the Constitution must also
contain a provision which requires more than ordinary legislation for altering
any of its provisions. We also think it is desirable, _for the avoidance of
doubts as to the status of the Constitution as the supreme law_ , to spell out
in the Constitution itself that it is the supreme law of Singapore and that if
_any other law is inconsistent with it, that other law shall, to the extent of
the inconsistency, be void_. [emphasis added]

The supremacy clause is found today in Art 4. As can be seen, the reason for
the inclusion of the supremacy clause was to ensure that the Constitution
managed to perform its functions of, in the words of para 73 of the Wee
Report, providing “meaningful” protection of fundamental rights (the subject
matter of the recommendations in the Wee Report) and ensuring “effective
safeguards against the abuse of majority power”. This accords with our view
(see above at [60]) that the supremacy of the Constitution is necessary for
the purposes of the Constitution to be protected. We note that when the Wee
Report was debated in Parliament, one Member of Parliament, Mr Ho Kah Leong,
expressed his understanding of the report on this issue in the following
manner (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (15 March 1967)
vol 25 at col 1305):

The [Wee Report] has also advanced constructive recommendations such as those
relating to provisions which will ensure the Constitution as the supreme law
in the Republic of Singapore, and _any other law_ which contradicts the
Constitution will be invalid. [emphasis added]

In our view, “any other law” is clearly broad enough to cover existing laws.
While there was no discussion in the parliamentary debate on the Wee Report as
to whether unconstitutional existing laws could be declared invalid, we note
that there were no proclamations to the contrary. If existing laws had been
thought to be an exception to the supremacy of the Constitution, one would
expect such an important point to have been debated specifically in
Parliament, particularly when the debate on the Wee Report spanned four days
(from 14 to 17 March 1967). It is also worth noting that although there was
debate on the _method_ of entrenchment that should be employed in the
Constitution, there was unanimity over the need for entrenchment. The reason
for the entrenchment of constitutional provisions was stated by the then
Minister for Law and National Development, Mr E W Barker, as follows: “ _the
Constitution is to be the supreme law of the land and its status as such is to
be protected_ ” [emphasis added] (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (17 March 1967) vol 25 at cols 1438–1439).

64 We ought to add that _even if_ the AG is right such that Art 162 alone
applies to any issue relating to the constitutionality of s 377A on the basis
that it is an existing law, it is plain that the AG’s objection can be met by
a simple amendment to the Application. The AG’s case is simply that since the
Application makes no express reference to the modification, _etc_ , sought
under Art 162, it should be struck out. We see absolutely no merit in this
argument as a ground for striking out the Application as it is an arid
procedural objection. It is trite that a court will not strike out proceedings
if they can be procedurally remedied by an amendment (see above at [21]). In
this case, even assuming that Art 162 is the only relevant route by which the
constitutionality of s 377A can be challenged, a court would readily give Tan
leave to include a prayer based on Art 162 in the Application were it
necessary to do so. In short, the AG’s objection on this aspect of the
Application is readily curable procedurally and does not address the pith and
substance of the matter. Therefore, even though we find that Tan may rely on
Art 4, it would not matter even if we had agreed with the AG on the Art 4
issue.

Issue 2

65 We turn now to Issue 2, _viz_ , what test for _locus standi_ is to be
applied in cases involving constitutional rights. The determination of the
applicable test for _locus standi_ in this specific context is logically a
prior issue to the determination of whether that test has been satisfied on
the facts of this case (which is Issue 3).

Tan’s case

66 Mr Ravi submits that the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test for standing is satisfied on
the facts of the present case. In the alternative, he submits that even if the
_Karaha_ _Bodas_ test is not satisfied, Tan still has standing by way of an
exception to the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test. For the purposes of Issue 2, we are
interested in whether this alternative submission, which is set out in the
next paragraph, is open to Mr Ravi.

67 Mr Ravi interprets _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ _and others_ _v Attorney-General_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 542 (“ _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ ”) as laying down the proposition that
a _lower_ threshold of standing is applicable in constitutional cases by way
of an exception to the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test. He even goes so far as to
contend that Tan need not have suffered a violation of his personal rights in
order to have standing. Further or in the alternative, he submits that
applicants in constitutional cases who wish to challenge the constitutionality
of a particular law do not need to be prosecuted under that law before they
are found to have standing, citing _Colin Chan_ and a number of Commonwealth
cases in support of his submission.

The AG’s case

68 Mr Abdullah argues that the test for _locus standi_ in constitutional
challenges is the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test. He contends that Tan’s submission of
a lower threshold rests on a misapprehension of _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ and _Colin
Chan_ , and that there was no indication in _Colin Chan_ that a different test
of standing was being applied. He argues that far from obviating the
requirement of a violation of personal rights or a personal injury, _Colin
Chan_ instead stands for the proposition that the threshold of “sufficient
interest” must be met even in constitutional challenges. Further, Mr Abdullah
argues that the criterion of “sufficient interest” stated at [14] of _Colin
Chan_ is a general concept which the court will need to apply to the specific
facts of each case, and it thus cannot be said that “sufficient interest” is
necessarily a more lenient standard than that set out in _Karaha_ _Bodas_.

Our analysis and decision

69 In _Government of Malaysia v Lim Kit Siang_ [1988] 2 MLJ 12 at 27, the
majority of the Malaysian Supreme Court ruled that to possess _locus standi_ ,
an applicant must show that he had a private right which had been infringed.
If a public right was involved, the applicant must show that he had suffered
special damage as a result of the public act being challenged and that he had
a genuine private interest to protect or further. It is not disputed that in
the present appeal, the rights concerned are not public rights. To clarify the
terminology used here, a public right is one which is held and vindicated by
public authorities, whereas a private right is one which is held and
vindicated by a private individual. Therefore, despite being a matter of
public law, a constitutional right is a private right as it is held and can be
vindicated by individuals on their own behalf.

70 The crux of Issue 2 is whether the test for _locus standi_ in applications
involving constitutional rights is different from, and less strict than, the
_Karaha_ _Bodas_ test. This is an enormously significant matter as the courts
have a heavy responsibility to sieve the wheat of merit from the chaff of
frivolity. That is to say, while access to justice must not be impeded, the
court’s processes must not be allowed to be abused by those with improper
collateral motives.

The Karaha Bodas test

71 In _Karaha_ _Bodas_ , which involved two appeals, the applicant sought a
declaration under the then equivalent of O 15 r 16 of the Rules (_viz_ , O 15
r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)) that a monetary debt
be held by the respondent in the second appeal on trust for the respondent in
the first appeal, and an order that the former repay the said sum to the
latter in Hong Kong. It can be seen that the private rights involved in
_Karaha_ _Bodas_ were not constitutional rights.

72 The _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test provides that the following elements must be met
in order for an applicant to possess _locus standi_ to bring an action for a
declaration under O 15 r 16 of the Rules (“O 15 r 16”):

(a) the applicant must have a “real interest” in bringing the action (at
[19]);

(b) there must be a “real controversy” between the parties to the action for
the court to resolve (at [19]); and

(c) the declaration must relate to a right which is personal to the applicant
and which is enforceable against an adverse party to the litigation (at [15],
[16] and [25]).

73 The relationship between _locus standi_ and the “real controversy”
requirement will be examined under Issue 4, along with the issue of whether
there is a real controversy to be adjudicated on the facts of this case. For
the purposes of Issue 2 and Issue 3, we will focus on the “real interest”
requirement and the requirement that there must be a violation of a right
personal to the applicant. In respect of the latter requirement, it should be
noted that by “violation”, we mean an actual or arguable violation, and the
words “violation”, “violate” and their derivatives as used hereafter should be
understood in that light except where there is express indication to the
contrary.

74 We will now consider whether _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ and _Colin Chan_ (cases
involving alleged violations of constitutional rights) accepted and applied
the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test, or whether they set a lower threshold for
constitutional challenges.

Whether the test for standing in the context of constitutional rights differs
from the Karaha Bodas test

75 As stated above at [73], at present, we are concerned with the requirement
of “real interest” and that of a violation of a right personal to the
applicant. We turn to consider these _seriatim_ , beginning with the latter.

(1) Whether a violation of a right personal to the applicant is a necessary
requirement in constitutional cases

76 In _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ , this court held as follows (at [18]):

With respect to the issue of _locus standi_ , the respondents have also argued
that because the [applicants] have proceeded by way of O 15 r 16 and not O 53
r 1 of the Rules of Court [_viz_ , the Rules as defined at [2] above], they
must satisfy a stricter test for _locus standi_ as decided by this court in
_Karaha_ _Bodas_ … The argument seems to be that a higher standard of _locus
standi_ is required for an application under O 15 r 16 than that under O 53 r
1. This argument has no merit whatsoever. _Karaha_ _Bodas_ was not concerned
with the pursuit of constitutional rights. In our view, it does not matter
what procedure the [applicants] have used. The substantive elements of _locus
standi_ cannot change in the context of the constitutional protection of
fundamental rights _._

Tan’s case is that the above passage lays down the proposition that
constitutional challenges form an exception to the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test.
Against this, the AG contends that the only issue which the court was
addressing in the above passage was whether a different standard of _locus
standi_ applied to cases brought under O 15 r 16, as opposed to cases brought
under O 53 r 1 of the Rules (“O 53 r 1”). On this issue, we accept the AG’s
reading of _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ , _ie_ , the intent of the excerpt above was to
unify the threshold of _locus standi_ for cases brought under O 15 r 16 and
cases brought under O 53 r 1.

77 We find that _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ does _not_ support Tan’s case that applicants
in constitutional cases need not demonstrate a violation of their personal
rights in order to be granted standing. In _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ , the applicants
were granted standing as they had demonstrated that their personal rights had
arguably been violated. The applicants in that case were devotees of a temple
(“the Temple”) who were seeking a declaration under O 15 r 16 that the
compulsory acquisition of the property on which the Temple stood (“the Temple
Property”) violated Art 12. The Temple was subject to a trust for religious
purposes (“the Trust”), and the trustees, who were the legal owners of the
Temple, were not parties to the case. Although the applicants had no
proprietary interest in the Temple Property, they were members of San Jiao
Sheng Tang Buddhist Association (“the Buddhist Association”), which was the
beneficiary of the Trust. It was held (at [17]) that the applicants’
_membership_ of the Buddhist Association gave them standing to pursue the
action for declaratory relief. In our view, although the applicants’
membership of the Buddhist Association was crucial to the finding that they
had _locus standi_ , such membership did not go to the _existence_ of the
applicants’ Art 12 rights, but rather, went to showing the arguable
_violation_ of such rights (see below at [81]). On the facts of _Eng Foong_
_Ho_ , the applicants had a beneficial, although not a legal, right to the
Temple Property. It thus cannot be said that the court in _Eng Foong_ _Ho_
obviated the requirement that declaratory actions can only be brought in
respect of a violation of an applicant’s personal rights.

78 Therefore, in so far as Mr Ravi contends that applicants in constitutional
cases need not demonstrate a violation of or an injury to their personal
rights in order to be granted standing, this argument must be rejected. No
case in Singapore, including _Colin Chan_ , has accepted such a far-reaching
proposition. In fact, _Colin Chan_ implicitly accepted that a violation of
personal rights was necessary to establish standing, and focused on the
determination of _what_ constituted such a violation (at [13]–[14] _per_ M
Karthigesu JA):

13 … If a constitutional guarantee is to mean anything, it must mean that any
citizen can complain to the courts if there is a violation of it. The fact
that the violation would also affect every other citizen should not detract
from a citizen’s interest in seeing that his constitutional rights are not
violated _. A citizen should not have to wait until he is prosecuted before he
may assert his constitutional rights._

14 There is thus no need for the [applicants] to show that they are office
holders in [the International Bible Students Association (“the IBSA”)] or
members thereof. Their right to challenge Order 405/1994 [which prohibited the
importation, sale and distribution of the IBSA’s publications] arises not from
membership of any society. _Their right arises from every citizen’s right to
profess, practise and propagate his religious beliefs_. If there was a breach
of Art 15 [of the Constitution], _such a breach_ would affect the citizen
_qua_ citizen. _If a citizen does not have sufficient interest to see that
his_ _constitutional rights are not violated, then it is hard to see who has._

[emphasis added]

79 As can be seen, the court in _Colin Chan_ clearly stated at [13] that “any
citizen can complain to the courts _if there is a_ _violation_ of … _his
constitutional rights_ ” [emphasis added]. The court thus accepted that an
applicant for declaratory relief needs to have suffered a violation of _his_
constitutional rights, _ie_ , only a violation of a right personal to the
applicant will suffice.

80 We emphasise that the court in _Colin Chan_ considered that constitutional
rights are personal to each citizen, as can be seen from its affirmation (at
[14]) of “ _every citizen’s right_ to profess, practise and propagate _his_
religious beliefs” [emphasis added]. As such, a citizen whose constitutional
rights are violated can, without more, satisfactorily demonstrate a violation
of rights personal to himself as _every violation of constitutional rights is
a violation of personal rights_.

81 Constitutional rights are personal to each and every Singapore citizen by
virtue of his or her citizenship, and are not contingent on membership of any
society. Therefore, in the event that there is a violation of any
constitutional right, a citizen’s right to bring a constitutional challenge
“arises not from membership of any society” (see _Colin Chan_ at [14]).
Although this seems to give rise to an apparent contradiction between _Colin
Chan_ and _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ , we find that these two cases do speak with one
voice. _Colin Chan_ is not to be understood as laying down the proposition
that membership of the group targeted by the allegedly unconstitutional law or
ministerial order is irrelevant; instead, it simply holds that such membership
is not necessary to demonstrate the _existence_ of a personal right. The issue
of membership remains relevant at the later stage of determining whether there
is a _violation_ of the alleged right (see [93]–[94] below). Even though the
court in _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ seemed to suggest that the applicants in that case
were granted standing only because of their membership of the Buddhist
Association, the correct interpretation of that case is that the applicants
had Art 12 rights by virtue of their citizenship, but were only able to
demonstrate the arguable violation of their Art 12 rights through their
membership of the Buddhist Association, which was affected by the compulsory
acquisition of the Temple Property. In our view, on the facts of _Eng Foong_
_Ho_ , a Buddhist who was not a member of the Buddhist Association would not
have been held to have sufficient standing to mount a similar challenge.

82 It can be seen from the foregoing analysis that the _mere fact of
citizenship_ _in itself_ does not satisfy the standing requirement for
constitutional challenges. We agree with the holding in _Colin Chan_ that an
applicant must demonstrate a _violation_ of _his_ constitutional rights before
_locus standi_ can be granted. This will prevent “mere busybodies” whose
rights are not affected from being granted standing to launch unmeritorious
constitutional challenges (see _Regina v Greater London Council, Ex parte
Blackburn and Another_ [1976] 1 WLR 550 at 559D). It is only where a person’s
rights have been or are threatened to be violated that that person ceases to
be a “mere busybody”.

(2) Whether a “real interest” is a necessary requirement in constitutional
cases

83 We now come to the “real interest” requirement. Pursuant to _Colin Chan_ at
[13]–[14], the question of “sufficient interest” must be judged in relation to
the rights which are the subject matter of the application. Given the
importance of constitutional rights, a citizen will _prima facie_ have a
“sufficient interest to see that his constitutional rights are not violated”
(see _Colin Chan_ at [14]). Therefore, the view expressed in Kevin Y L Tan &
Thio Li-ann, _Constitutional Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 3rd
Ed, 2010) at p 551 – _viz_ , that “[w]here constitutionally-guaranteed
liberties are at stake, locus standi is established without the need to show
sufficiency of interest” – is not entirely accurate. Sufficiency of interest
still needs to be shown, but this is _prima facie_ made out once there is a
violation of a constitutional right.

84 In view of the above, the crux of the standing requirement in
constitutional cases is that there must be a violation of a constitutional
right. The key question is thus what constitutes a violation of a
constitutional right.

What constitutes a violation of a constitutional right?

(1) Whether constitutional rights can only be violated by a subsisting
prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law

85 In the court below, the Judge relied on _Colin Chan_ for the proposition
that a subsisting prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law was not
an essential requirement to show a violation of constitutional rights (see the
Judgment at [18]):

The AG had argued that with the [s 377A] charge being dropped, Tan was unable
to prove his case. _This was a mistaken view._ While the act of prosecution
itself can be a violation of one’s constitutional rights, _it does not follow
that a violation cannot occur without a prosecution_. Karthigesu JA made this
abundantly clear in _Colin Chan_ at [13], “A citizen should _not have to wait
until he is prosecuted before he may assert his constitutional rights”_.
[emphasis added]

86 Tan’s case builds on _Colin Chan_ , and he contends that apart from a
subsisting prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law, there are two
additional ways in which constitutional rights may be violated. First, a
constitutional right may be violated by the very existence of an allegedly
unconstitutional law in the statute books. Second, a constitutional right may
be violated by a threat of future prosecution under an allegedly
unconstitutional law.

87 The AG’s case, in contrast, is that the finding in _Colin Chan_ that the
applicants had standing to bring a constitutional challenge regardless of
whether or not they faced prosecution is confined to the facts of that case,
and is not a proposition of general application. Mr Abdullah submits that the
general principle remains that a person may only challenge a law as
unconstitutional if the Executive first expresses a definite intention to
enforce the law against that person. He further submits that in the context of
a penal provision such as s 377A, “enforcement” refers only to a prosecution.
Mr Abdullah argues that since the discretion to bring criminal prosecutions is
vested in the AG (pursuant to Art 35(8) of the Constitution), unless and until
this _executive discretion_ is exercised, there is no violation of an
individual’s rights.

88 Mr Abdullah seeks, somewhat diffidently, to distinguish _Colin Chan_ on the
basis that it concerned an executive act (_viz_ , a ministerial order issued
by the Minister for Information and the Arts (“the Minister”)), whereas the
instant case centres on a legislative act (_viz_ , a statutory provision).
_Colin Chan_ arose from a ministerial order which banned the importation, sale
and distribution of publications of a religious group to which the applicants
belonged (“the Ban”) (see _Colin Chan_ at [1]). According to Mr Abdullah, the
ministerial order demonstrated the Minister’s _intention to exercise his
executive powers_ to enforce the Ban, which exercise no doubt directly
affected the applicants as members of the targeted religious group. Mr
Abdullah distinguishes a ministerial order from a law on the basis that the
latter is “not intended to be invariably and inflexibly enforced”.[note: 2]

89 With respect, we find the purported distinction puzzling as it rests on an
implicit suggestion that ministerial orders are intended to be invariably and
inflexibly enforced, which cannot be the case. The enforcement of ministerial
orders requires an act of executive discretion. The decision to enforce a
ministerial order in the event of its breach and the decision to prosecute
based on a breach of a law _both_ rest on further exercises of executive
discretion. We thus fail to see how challenges to laws can be distinguished
from challenges to ministerial orders in this respect. Further, we note that
the constitutional challenge in _Colin Chan_ was not based on the enforcement
of the ministerial order in question (_ie_ , the Ban), but arose instead from
the very existence of the ministerial order itself. Karthigesu JA even went so
far as to opine (at [19] of _Colin Chan_) that the fact that the applicants
were facing prosecution for being in possession of prohibited publications was
“an irrelevant consideration in an application for leave to issue _certiorari_
proceedings” as the applicants already possessed standing based on the alleged
violation of their constitutional rights to freedom of religion and expression
brought about by the implementation of the Ban. We agree with this view. The
principle that a prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional ministerial
order is not a necessary requirement for standing in an action to declare that
ministerial order unconstitutional is equally applicable to instant case, _ie_
, a prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law should not be a
necessary requirement for standing in an action to declare that law
unconstitutional.

90 Perhaps, the argument based on the distinction between ministerial orders
and legislation relates more to the aspect of _specificity of targeting_. Mr
Abdullah points out that _Eng Foong_ _Ho_ arose from an executive order to
compulsorily acquire land in which the applicants had an interest, and
emphasises that the compulsory acquisition order was “specifically targeted at
a plot of land”.[note: 3] As for _Colin Chan_ , Mr Abdullah contends that
although the Ban was framed generally, it “necessarily and specifically
impacted each of the [applicants]’ ability to profess their religion”[note: 4]
as they were members of the targeted religious group. With respect, this
submission overlooks the point that it is _precisely this specificity of
targeting_ which Tan is relying on to support his claim that s 377A violates
his Art 12 rights, _viz_ , that s 377A specifically targets practising male
homosexuals. We thus find that there is no relevant basis on which _Colin
Chan_ may be distinguished from the instant case, and the finding in _Colin
Chan_ that a prosecution is not necessary to found standing is applicable
here.

91 Further, as will be elaborated on at [151] below, we find that violations
of constitutional rights may occur not only at the point in time when an
accused person is prosecuted under an allegedly unconstitutional law, but also
when a person is _arrested and/or detained and/or charged under an allegedly
unconstitutional law_.

92 The proposition that constitutional rights may be violated without a
prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law is a negative one which
does not answer the question of what, then, is necessary to show a violation
of constitutional rights. Here, we come back to Mr Ravi’s two submissions (see
[86] above), _viz_ , that a constitutional right may be violated by the very
existence of an allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books and/or by
a threat of future prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law.

(2) Whether the very existence of an allegedly unconstitutional law in the
statute books suffices to show a violation of constitutional rights

93 Every citizen has constitutional rights, but not every citizen’s
constitutional rights will be affected by an unconstitutional law in the same
way. For example, if there is a law which provides that it is an offence for
any person of a particular race to take public buses, this law would clearly
violate Art 12. It is uncontroversial that such a law would affect the Art 12
rights of a person belonging to that race in a way that would not apply to the
Art 12 rights of a person of another race. This does _not_ detract from the
fact that constitutional rights, including Art 12 rights, are personal to
_all_ citizens. However, the mere holding of a constitutional right is
insufficient to found standing to challenge an unconstitutional law; there
must also be a _violation_ of the constitutional right. In this fictitious
scenario, the only persons who will have standing to bring a constitutional
challenge against the unconstitutional law for inconsistency with Art 12 will
be citizens who belong to the race that has been singled out as only their Art
12 rights will have been violated. Persons of other races will not have
suffered violations of their Art 12 rights and will thus have no standing to
bring a constitutional challenge in this scenario.

94 The fictitious scenario above illustrates that while an applicant who
wishes to challenge an allegedly unconstitutional law must demonstrate that
his constitutional rights have been violated by that law, such violation may
be more easily demonstrated where the law specifically targets a group and the
applicant is a member of that group. Whether the very existence of an
unconstitutional law in the statute books suffices to show a violation of
constitutional rights depends on what exactly that law provides. It is
conceivable that the very existence of an unconstitutional law in the statute
books suffices to show such violation (and, thus, to found standing) in an
extraordinary case, although we caution that no such case has ever been
brought to the attention of the courts here.

95 Mr Ravi relies on cases from other jurisdictions which have accepted that a
prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law is not necessary to found
standing to challenge that law. For instance, in _Croome and Another v The
State of Tasmania_ (1996–1997) 191 CLR 119 (“ _Croome_ ”), the applicants were
allowed to bring an application challenging the constitutionality of
Tasmania’s sodomy laws despite the fact that they had not been prosecuted
under the relevant provisions.

96 In _Leung_ , the applicant, a 20-year-old homosexual man, successfully
challenged the constitutionality of certain provisions in the Hong Kong Crimes
Ordinance which made “[h]omosexual buggery with or by [a] man under 21”
[emphasis in original omitted] an offence. The Hong Kong Court of Appeal found
at [29(2)] that a prosecution was not the only way to show a violation of the
applicant’s rights:

Notwithstanding the fact that a prosecution is _neither in existence nor in
contemplation_ ... it is clear on the facts that [the applicant] and many
others like him have been seriously affected by the _existence of the
legislation under challenge_. [emphasis added]

As can be seen, the lack of a contemplated prosecution was not found to be
fatal by the court in _Leung_ , which went on to hold that the applicant’s
rights were affected by _the existence of the legislation itself_.

97 The decision in _Leung_ that a prosecution was not necessary for the
applicant in that case to have standing to challenge the legislative
provisions in question stemmed from the court’s concern that the applicant
should not have to break the law and trigger a prosecution before he could be
granted standing to challenge the law. If it were otherwise, “access to
justice ... could only be gained by the applicant breaking what [was]
according to the statutory provisions in question, the law” (at [29(2)]). The
court then referred approvingly to the opinion of Advocate-General F G Jacobs
in _Union de Pequeños_ _Agricultores v Council of the European Union
(supported by Commission of the European Communities)_ [2003] QB 893 (“ _UPA_
”) at [43] that “[i]ndividuals clearly cannot be required to breach the law in
order to gain access to justice”.

98 Although the decision of the European Court of Justice (“the ECJ”) in _UPA_
was not referred to by the court in _Leung_ , for completeness’ sake, we
should mention that the ECJ differed from Advocate-General Jacobs on the
requirement of “individual concern” set out in Art 230(4) of the Treaty
Establishing The European Community (“the Treaty”). In brief, Art 230(4) of
the Treaty (available in _Official Journal of the European Union_ (29 December
2006) C321 at p E/146) provides that an individual may institute proceedings
to challenge the legality of, _inter alia_ , an executive decision which is
“of direct and individual concern” to him. Underlying the divergence in
approach between the ECJ and Advocate-General Jacobs in _UPA_ was the
difference in view as to whether the Treaty had established a complete system
of legal remedies. The ECJ took the view that the Treaty had established a
complete system of legal remedies and thus saw no need to relax the
“individual concern” standing requirement. Advocate-General Jacobs, on the
other hand, was of the view that individuals did not have adequate alternative
remedies under the Treaty and thus sought to relax the “individual concern”
standing requirement. It can be seen from this that _the availability of
adequate_ _alternative remedies_ is a factor to be considered in determining
how broadly the standing requirements should be cast. Where no adequate
alternative remedies are available, this might point in favour of relaxing the
standing requirements.

99 Further, we note that in applications for judicial review, the exhaustion
of alternative remedies is a factor that the court takes into account in
deciding whether to grant _locus standi_ (see _Kang Ngah Wei v Commander of
Traffic Police_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 14 at [19]–[20]). As noted above at [76], we
find that the threshold of _locus standi_ for applications under O 15 r 16 is
the same as that for applications under O 53 r 1, and, thus, it stands to
reason that similar factors can be taken into consideration for both types of
applications.

100 In the present case, the Judge was of the view that Art 100 provided Tan
with an adequate alternative remedy, and thus found at [26(b)] of the Judgment
that there was no need to relax the standing requirements:

In Singapore, it is arguable that individuals are not compelled to resort to
such extremes [of breaking the law]. They can request the President to refer
the issue to the Constitutional Tribunal under Art 100 of the Constitution. As
there is an established procedure through which guidance may be obtained in
the absence of specific facts, there is no reason to relax the “real
controversy” requirement in order to avoid the situation where individuals
break the law in order to obtain standing.

101 The Judge’s reference to Art 100 was to distinguish _Leung_ as the
Constitution of Hong Kong (_viz_ , the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China) does not have an
equivalent of this Article. The Judge thus reasoned that the pressing need to
relax the requirements of _locus standi_ in Hong Kong did not exist in
Singapore.

102 Article 100 provides as follows:

**Advisory opinion**

**100.** —(1) The President may refer to a tribunal consisting of not less
than 3 Judges of the Supreme Court for its opinion any question as to the
effect of any provision of this Constitution which has arisen or appears to
him likely to arise.

…

103 With respect, we find that there are at least four reasons why the Art 100
mechanism is _not_ an _adequate_ alternative remedy which individuals may
utilise to raise constitutional issues. First, as the Judge noted, one
interpretation of Art 100, expressed by no less than Chan Sek Keong CJ extra-
judicially, is that it was enacted only for the purposes of resolving actual
and potential disputes _between constitutional organs_ , and is not intended
to allow _individuals_ to “obtain advisory opinions on hypothetical cases from
the courts” (see “Judicial Review – From Angst to Empathy” (2010) 22 SAcLJ 469
at p 471). Second, although individuals may petition the President to convene
the Constitutional Tribunal under Art 100, it is clear that individuals have
no means of compelling the President to do so. Third, reading Art 100 with
reference to Art 21 of the Constitution, it is clear that the President has no
power to convene the Constitutional Tribunal on his own initiative. Article
21(1) directs the President, in exercising his functions, to “act in
accordance with the advice of the Cabinet or of a Minister acting under the
general authority of the Cabinet”, unless expressly specified otherwise in the
Constitution. The power to convene the Constitutional Tribunal is not among
the expressly specified functions listed in Art 21(2) in respect of which the
President may act in his own discretion. Fourth, the findings of the
Constitutional Tribunal are _not binding_ on the Government. Therefore, even
if an individual manages to trigger the Art 100 mechanism to convene the
Constitutional Tribunal, and even if the Constitutional Tribunal gives a
favourable opinion, the practical impact of such an opinion could be limited.

104 The absence of an adequate alternative remedy in the present case is
brought home by an examination of the decision in _Croome_. According to Mr
Abdullah, the decision in _Croome_ was premised on the long-standing practice
in Australia of the Attorney-Generals of the various States seeking
declarations of the constitutionality of various legislative provisions. Mr
Abdullah submits that it was “with one eye to that reality that the Court [in
_Croome_] adopted a _quid pro quo_ approach and arrived at the view that
individuals would be able to avail themselves [of] the same”.[note: 5] As no
such practice exists in Singapore, Mr Abdullah submits that this court should
not be as ready as an Australian court might be to grant Tan standing to bring
the Application.

105 While we accept that in Singapore, the AG does not have the practice of
seeking declarations on the constitutionality of various legislative
provisions, we find that this points _towards_ , rather than away from, the
adoption of the court’s approach in _Croome_. As noted above at [98], the
absence of alternative remedies favours a relaxation of the standing
requirements, and given that the court in _Croome_ relaxed the standing
requirements in that case despite the availability of an alternative remedy,
the Singapore courts should _a fortiori_ consider a relaxation of our standing
requirements.

106 We now turn to consider three arguments that the AG has raised against the
proposition that the very existence of an allegedly unconstitutional law in
the statute books can show a violation of constitutional rights and thereby
found standing to challenge the law in question. The first argument is that
the court would have to answer legal questions in the abstract, where the
answer would not affect the rights of any person before the court. With
respect, we find that this argument overlooks the fact that in this scenario,
an applicant will only be granted standing _if his rights have been violated_
by the law alleged to be unconstitutional. As such, the argument that no one’s
rights will be affected where the court answers a legal question in this
scenario is a _non sequitur_. We reiterate that it will be a rare case where a
person’s constitutional rights are violated by the very presence of an
allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books without more.

107 The AG’s second argument is that if the very existence of an allegedly
unconstitutional law in the statute books can show a violation of
constitutional rights and thus found standing to challenge the law in
question, every piece of legislation could potentially come before the court
for a judicial imprimatur of validity before it is enforced, and such judicial
endorsement would come to seem necessary. We think that such concerns should
not be overstated. Singapore has adopted the model of parliamentary
sovereignty and has inherited the common law tradition of positivism – it is a
foundation of our legal system that laws declared by Parliament are valid by
virtue of their enactment. It is trite that such laws remain valid unless and
until they are declared void. There is thus no necessity for a judicial
pronouncement on the validity of legislation (and no one can seriously contend
that there is such a necessity) before legislation is accepted as being valid.

108 Tied to the AG’s second argument above is the third argument based on
floodgates. Mr Abdullah contends that “[t]he floodgates will be opened to
capricious and whimsical constitutional litigation”[note: 6] if applicants are
able to bring constitutional challenges based on the very existence of an
allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books. This appears to us to be
an undue overstatement. We wish to make clear what the floodgates argument is
_not_ about. It does not imply that constitutional litigation can be
attributed to sheer belligerence on the part of applicants. Where an
applicant’s constitutional rights have been violated, he is justified in
bringing a constitutional challenge, and the fact that the alleged violation
would also affect a great number of other people, even “every other citizen[,]
should not detract from a citizen’s interest in seeing that his constitutional
rights are not violated” (see _Colin Chan_ at [13]).

109 Having said that, we are aware of the need to ensure that granting some
applicants greater access to justice by relaxing the requirements for standing
does not have the converse effect of restricting access to justice for others.
While we find that a deluge of constitutional challenges is unlikely if the
standing requirements are relaxed, we accept that an increase in unmeritorious
cases which does not amount to a “deluge” may still have the effect of
delaying access to justice for other claimants. On the other hand, strict
standing requirements will not just delay access to the courts, but may _deny_
access altogether for some claimants. As such, keeping in mind the need for a
balance, we will _not_ lay down a general rule that the very existence of an
allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books suffices to demonstrate a
violation of an applicant’s constitutional rights. Each case must turn on its
own facts, and the courts must remain mindful that lax standing rules could
“seriously curtail the efficiency of the Executive in practising good
governance” (see “Judicial Review – From Angst to Empathy” at p 481).

110 At the same time, and for the avoidance of doubt, we state conclusively
that we also reject the proposition that a subsisting prosecution under an
allegedly unconstitutional law must be demonstrated in every case before a
violation of constitutional rights can be shown. A law is either
constitutional or it is not. The effects of a law can be felt without a
prosecution, and to insist that an applicant needs to face a prosecution under
the law in question before he can challenge its constitutionality could have
the perverse effect of encouraging criminal behaviour to test constitutional
issues. Even though a violation of constitutional rights may be most clearly
shown where there is a subsisting prosecution under an allegedly
unconstitutional law, we find that a violation may also be established in the
absence of a subsisting prosecution. In certain cases, the very existence of
an allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books may suffice to show a
violation of an applicant’s constitutional rights.

(3) Whether there is a need for a real and credible threat of prosecution
under an allegedly unconstitutional law

111 The need for a real and credible threat of prosecution under an allegedly
unconstitutional law can be seen as the midpoint between Tan’s position and
the AG’s position. Mr Abdullah argues that even if this court is minded to
accept that there is no necessity for a subsisting prosecution under an
allegedly unconstitutional law in order to found _locus standi_ to challenge
that law, at the very least, the court should institute a requirement that an
applicant must face a real and credible threat of prosecution under that law.
As we have already found that the existence of an allegedly unconstitutional
legislation in itself may in certain cases suffice to show a violation of an
applicant’s rights, we can dispose of this point quite briefly.

112 In the court below, the Judge accepted that “[t]he spectre of future
prosecution” ([at 20] of the Judgment) was sufficient for an arguable
violation of Tan’s constitutional rights to be found. She noted that this was
accepted in _Croome_ and _Leung_. In _Croome_ , Brennan CJ, Dawson and Toohey
JJ opined (at 127) that the applicants had engaged in homosexual conduct that
would render them “liable to prosecution … [and] [t]he fact that the Director
of Public Prosecutions [did] not propose to prosecute [did] not remove that
liability”. As noted earlier at [96] above, _Leung_ goes even further and
states that even if no prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law is
contemplated, an applicant may still be granted standing provided that the law
in question itself violates his constitutional rights. We agree with the Judge
in so far as a threat of future prosecution under an allegedly
unconstitutional law, where the threat is real and credible and not merely
fanciful, will suffice to show a violation of constitutional rights.

113 We add that while there is no right not to be prosecuted, there is a right
not to be prosecuted under an unconstitutional law. Persons who act in ways
that may cause them to be liable under an allegedly unconstitutional law are
in the unenviable position of waiting to see whether a prosecution will be
brought against them despite the alleged unconstitutionality of the law. The
waiting and the uncertainty in itself can be said to be a form of suffering,
as can be seen from the court’s acceptance in _Leung_ at [29(2)] that the
applicant in that case and many others like him had been living under a
“considerable cloud” as a result of the legislative provisions in question.

114 To summarise, if an applicant is able to show that he is facing a real and
credible threat of prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law, this
may suffice to show that his constitutional rights have arguably been violated
and that he should thus be granted standing to vindicate his rights.

Summary of our ruling on Issue 2

115 In conclusion, in respect of Issue 2, the test for _locus standi_ in
constitutional challenges remains the _Karaha_ _Bodas_ test. As noted earlier
at [72] above, _Karaha_ _Bodas_ lays down three elements which have to be
satisfied in order to establish _locus standi_ , namely: (a) a real interest
in bringing the action; (b) a real controversy between the parties concerned;
and (c) a violation of a personal right. The element of a real controversy,
however, goes to the court’s discretion and not jurisdiction (see below at
[137]). For the “real interest” requirement, we have found (at [83] above)
that sufficiency of interest is _prima facie_ made out once there is a
violation of constitutional rights. For the requirement that there must be a
violation of a personal right, as every constitutional right is a personal
right, demonstrating that a constitutional right has been violated will
suffice (see above at [80]). We have further found that a violation of
constitutional rights _may_ be brought about by the very existence of an
allegedly unconstitutional law in the statute books (see above at [110])
and/or by a real and credible threat of prosecution under an allegedly
unconstitutional law (see above at [114]).

Issue 3

116 We will now turn to Issue 3, which entails applying the test for _locus
standi_ (as set out above at [115]) to the facts of the present case to
determine if Tan meets the threshold for _locus standi_.

117 It is common ground that Tan does not face a subsisting prosecution under
s 377A. Even so, we have decided (see above at [110]) that a subsisting
prosecution under an allegedly unconstitutional law is not a necessary
requirement to show a violation of constitutional rights. The central issue
here is whether it can be argued that Tan’s constitutional rights were
arguably violated on the facts of the case.

Are there any constitutional rights at stake in this case?

118 Tan’s case is that s 377A violates his rights under Art 9, Art 12 and Art
14. We will consider each of these constitutional provisions in turn,
beginning with Art 9.

Article 9

119 Article 9(1) provides as follows:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance
with law.

120 Mr Ravi has contended that the protection accorded by Art 9 does not only
cover “mere existence”[note: 7] and “must extend to all those faculties by
which life is enjoyed”,[note: 8] including “privacy, human dignity, individual
autonomy and the human need for an intimate personal sphere”.[note: 9]
However, as the Judge noted (at [15] of the Judgment), “our courts have
eschewed such wide interpretations” of the terms “life” and “personal liberty”
in Art 9(1). The Judge referred to the High Court’s decision in _Lo Pui Sang_
_and others v Mamata_ _Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd,
intervener) and other appeals_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 754 (“ _Lo Pui Sang_ ”), where
it was stated (at [6]) that “personal liberty” in Art 9(1) referred “only to
the personal liberty of the person against unlawful incarceration or
detention”. Although _Lo Pui Sang_ was overturned on appeal (see _Ng Eng Ghee
and others v Mamata_ _Kapildev Dave and others (Horizon Partners Pte Ltd,
intervener)__and another appeal_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 109), the constitutional
issues were not considered on appeal and the High Court’s _dicta_ in _Lo Pui
Sang_ on the interpretation of Art 9(1) thus remains good law. We affirm this
interpretation of Art 9(1).

121 For the above reasons, we find that Tan’s rights under Art 9(1) are not
engaged by the _very existence_ of s 377A in the statute books.

122 However, although the very existence of s 377A in the statute books does
not engage Tan’s Art 9(1) rights, we find that those rights _were_ engaged _on
the facts of this case_ as Tan was purportedly arrested and detained under s
377A. Even on the interpretation of a right to personal liberty stated above
at [120], an accused person has a right not to be detained under an
unconstitutional law. As we are of the view that s 377A is _arguably_
unconstitutional for inconsistency with Art 12 (see below at [125]–[127]), it
flows from this that Tan’s right to personal liberty under Art 9(1) would have
been violated by his arrest and detention under s 377A if the same were indeed
unconstitutional (elaborated on below at [151]–[153]).

Article 12

123 Article 12(1) provides as follows:

All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of
the law.

124 The test for constitutionality under Art 12 was laid down in _Yong Vui
Kong v Public Prosecutor and another matter_ [2010] 3 SLR 489 at [109], where
it was held that a differentiating measure prescribed by legislation would be
consistent with Art 12(1) only if:

(a) the classification was founded on an intelligible differentia; and

(b) the differentia bore a rational relation to the object sought to be
achieved by the law in question.

125 Applying this test, the Judge found at [16] of the Judgment that s 377A
engaged Tan’s rights under Art 12(1). Although s 377A satisfied the first limb
of the test as it was founded on an intelligible differentia (it applies to
sexually-active male homosexuals), she found it arguable that s 377A failed
the second limb as there was no obvious social objective that could be
furthered by criminalising male but not female homosexual intercourse. We
concur that there is an arguable case that s 377A engages Tan’s rights under
Art 12(1).

126 It is uncontroverted that s 377A is a law which specifically targets
sexually-active male homosexuals. The plain language of s 377A excludes both
male-female acts and female-female acts. Tan professes to be a member of the
targeted group, and the AG has not disputed this claim. Therefore, since we
have found that s 377A arguably violates the Art 12(1) rights of its target
group, as a member of that group, Tan’s rights have arguably been violated by
the mere existence of s 377A in the statute books (see above at [94]). We also
accept that there is a real and credible threat of prosecution under s 377A
(see below at [175]–[183]).

127 We emphasise that we are _not_ deciding here that s 377A _is_ inconsistent
with Art 12 as that goes to the merits of the Application, but are instead
merely deciding that it is _arguably_ so, which suffices for the present
appeal on the preliminary issue of whether the Application should be struck
out.

Article 14

128 Article 14 will not be examined in detail as Mr Ravi omitted to make any
submissions on this ground. It suffices to briefly state that for the reasons
set out below at [130], we find no merit in the argument that Tan’s Art 14
rights were engaged by s 377A.

129 Article 14(1) provides as follows:

Subject to clauses (2) and (3) —

(_a_) every citizen of Singapore has the right to freedom of speech and
expression;

(_b_) all citizens of Singapore have the right to assemble peaceably and
without arms; and

(_c_) all citizens of Singapore have the right to form associations.

130 Section 377A does not violate any of the three limbs of Art 14(1). Even if
any Art 14(1) rights are engaged by s 377A, these rights are expressly stated
to be subject to the need to preserve (_inter alia_) public order (see Art
14(2)(_a_)–14(2)(_c_)). In so far as s 377A criminalises “gross indecency”
between males _in public_ , the public order rationale applies. The same
rationale applies to preserve the constitutionality of s 294(_a_), which
criminalises “any obscene act in any public place”. In so far as s 377A also
criminalises “gross indecency” between _male homosexuals_ _in private_ but
does not criminalise the same between _female_ homosexuals, this is more
properly dealt with under Art 12 rather than under Art 14.

131 In conclusion, on Issue 3, as we have found that s 377A is arguably
inconsistent with Art 12, Tan’s constitutional rights are at stake and Tan
thus has _locus standi_ to bring the Application. As noted above at [19], in
the present case, the issue of certainty of failure pivots solely on the issue
of _locus standi_. As we have found that Tan has _locus standi_ , Tan’s case
is not certain to fail. Tan, however, will still need to establish that the
facts of the case disclose a real controversy to be determined, and it is to
this issue (which is Issue 4) that we now turn.

Issue 4

132 The need for the existence of a real controversy between the parties to an
action stems from the function of the courts to adjudicate on and determine
disputes between parties. Without a _lis_ , the courts may find themselves
being called on to give advisory opinions on abstract, hypothetical and/or
academic questions instead of deciding on real disputes. In _Salijah_ _bte_
_Ab_ _Latef v Mohd_ _Irwan bin Abdullah Teo_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 80 (“ _Salijah_
”) at [57], the court explained the rationale underlying the “real
controversy” requirement as follows (citing _Russian Commercial and Industrial
Bank v British Bank for Foreign Trade, Limited_ [1921] 2 AC 438 at 448):

The question must be a real and not a theoretical question; the person raising
it must have a real interest to raise it; he must be able to secure a proper
contradictor, that is to say, some one presently existing who has a true
interest to oppose the declaration sought.

The court continued at [60] of _Salijah_ :

The editors of Zamir and Woolf [_The Declaratory Judgment_ (2nd Ed, 1993)]
have identified one rationale for the reluctance of the courts to deal with
theoretical issues – that it distracts the courts from deciding real,
subsisting problems. A stronger reason is that if there is in fact no real
issue subsisting, then the matter would not be _res judicata_ , nor the issue
merged in judgment. In that event, it would be open for the issue to be
reopened again and again. The need for the existence of a contested dispute is
to ensure that there is finality in the court’s judgments as well.

133 In our view, the “real controversy” requirement has been met in the
present case. The facts before us disclose that a _lis_ has been constituted
in two ways, namely:

(a) Tan’s arrest, investigation, detention and charge under s 377A; and

(b) the real and credible threat of prosecution under s 377A.

Does the “real controversy” requirement go to jurisdiction or discretion?

134 Before launching into our analysis of Issue 4 proper, we will first deal
with the preliminary issue of whether the “real controversy” requirement goes
to the court’s _jurisdiction_ , or whether it is a factor that the court takes
into account in exercising its _discretion_. While this court has opined in
_Salijah_ at [59] that there is “little practical difference between the two
positions”, as the AG has argued that the “real controversy” requirement goes
to the court’s jurisdiction, we will address this point.

135 Jurisdictional requirements delimit the power of the court to hear a case.
If any of the jurisdictional requirements are not met in a particular case,
the court shall not hear that case. A court which does so will be acting
_ultra vires_.

136 On the other hand, if a factor goes to the court’s discretion to hear a
case, the court will consider all the circumstances of the case and weigh the
factors in favour of hearing the case against those in favour of not hearing
it. Therefore, if the existence of a real controversy is a factor in favour of
the court exercising its discretion to hear a case, the absence of a real
controversy may not be fatal as there may be other factors in favour of the
case being heard. While the court is obliged to take all relevant
considerations into account, the weight accorded to each factor depends on the
precise circumstances of each case. If good reasons can be shown as to why a
court should proceed to hear a case despite the absence of a real controversy,
a court which so proceeds will not be acting _ultra vires_.

137 This issue has been considered in _Zamir & __Woolf_ , and the following is
stated as a general principle at para 4-36:

It can now safely be said that even if a particular action for declaratory
relief _only involves hypothetical issues_ this does _not deprive the court of
jurisdiction_ , and if declaratory relief is refused on the grounds that the
issues are hypothetical, the refusal is properly classified as being on
_discretionary_ grounds. [emphasis added]

Therefore, the absence of a real controversy does not invariably deprive the
court of its jurisdiction, and the court may exercise its discretion to hear
hypothetical issues in appropriate cases. How the court determines what
constitutes a proper case for the exercise of its discretion in this regard
will be considered later (see [144]–[146] below).

138 That the courts have the power to hear cases involving hypothetical issues
has been authoritatively established by a line of English authorities, which
the learned editors of _Zamir & Woolf_ have referred to. In _Regina v
Secretary of State for the Home Department_ ,_Ex parte Salem_ [1999] 1 AC 450
(“ _Salem_ ”) at 456G, the House of Lords (_per_ Lord Slynn of Hadley) held as
follows:

… [W]here there is an issue involving a public authority as to a question of
public law, your Lordships have a _discretion_ to hear the appeal, _even if_
by the time the appeal reaches the House _there is no longer a lis to be
decided which will directly affect the rights and obligations of the parties
inter se_. [emphasis added]

It can be seen that the House of Lords did not view the existence of a real
controversy as a jurisdictional requirement. Regardless of whether there is a
_lis_ between the parties _inter se_ , the court can exercise its discretion
to hear a case, particularly where the issue to be decided is one of public
law. Given that constitutional law is a part of public law, the _dicta_ in
_Salem_ is applicable to the instant case.

139 In _Rolls-Royce plc v Unite the Union_ [2010] 1 WLR 318 (“ _Rolls-Royce_
”) at [44]–[46], Wall LJ referred to _Birmingham City Council v R and others_
[2007] 2 WLR 1130 and _Bowman v Fels (Bar Council and others intervening)_
[2005] 1 WLR 3083 (“ _Bowman v Fels_ ”), and observed that the courts in those
cases had been prepared to grant declarations on academic but important
points. In _Bowman v Fels_ , the fact that the point was one of general
importance was considered by the court as a factor pointing in favour of its
exercising its discretion to hear the case.

140 These developments are not confined to the English courts. In _Leung_ ,
the Hong Kong Court of Appeal directly considered the question of whether the
courts had the jurisdiction to grant relief in “cases which involve[d] future
events which [might] or [might] not occur and which [were] therefore sometimes
said to be hypothetical” (at [28]). Ma CJHC opined (likewise at [28]) that in
such cases, “ _the court clearly has jurisdiction but it must be carefully
exercised_ ” [emphasis added]. Ma CJHC went on to analyse a line of cases
where claimants had sought declaratory relief on hypothetical matters, and
expressed his conclusion at [28(8)] as follows:

Ultimately, I am persuaded that where academic or hypothetical issues are
involved, the question is not really one of jurisdiction but of discretion.

141 Even so, we note that not all of the common law jurisdictions have been of
one voice on this issue. In particular, we note that American jurisprudence
has developed in the other direction, _viz_ , that the need for a real
controversy goes towards jurisdiction and not discretion. As mentioned at
[134] above, this is also the position taken by the AG in this appeal. In his
submissions on this point, Mr Abdullah referred to _Lujan, Secretary of the
Interior v Defenders of Wildlife et al_ 504 US 555 (1992), where the US
Supreme Court held at 560 that:

… [T]he core component of standing is an essential and unchanging part of the
case-or-controversy requirement of Article III [of the Constitution of the
US]. …

Over the years, our cases have established that the irreducible constitutional
minimum of standing contains three elements. First, the plaintiff must have
suffered an “injury in fact” – an invasion of a legally protected interest
which is (a) concrete and particularized, … and (b) “actual or imminent, _not
‘conjectural’ or ‘hypothetical …’_ ” ...

[emphasis added]

As no one would argue that standing is anything but a jurisdictional
requirement (as opposed to being a factor that the court can take into account
in exercising its discretion), and as standing is viewed as a function of
controversy in the US, it follows that the existence of a real controversy is
an element that goes to the US courts’ jurisdiction.

142 The view that the “real controversy” requirement is an element of
jurisdiction in the US is undergirded by the express references to “Cases” and
“Controversies” in s 2 of Art III of the Constitution of the US, which sets
out the scope of the judicial power in the US. As the very delineation of the
scope of the judicial power in the US imports the requirement of a
controversy, it is clear that the judicial power of the US courts cannot be
exercised in the absence of a controversy. In contrast, Art 93 of the
Constitution of Singapore, which vests the judicial power of Singapore in our
courts, does not make express reference to controversies. For this reason, we
do not find the American cases on this issue persuasive. We are unable to
agree with the AG that this distinction is “inconsequential”.[note: 10] The
courts should be slow to read in jurisdictional requirements which limit the
sphere of their judicial power as such requirements restrict access to
justice.

143 We agree instead with the analysis in _Zamir & Woolf_ at para 4-98:

The courts will not grant declarations which are of no value but, if a
declaration will be helpful to the parties or the public, the courts will be
sympathetic to the claim for a declaration _even if the facts on which the
claim is based or the issue to which it relates can be described as
theoretical._ [emphasis added]

Where the circumstances of a case are such that a declaration will be of value
to the parties or to the public, the court may proceed to hear the case and
grant declaratory relief even though the facts on which the action is based
are theoretical. We do not necessarily see this as an exception to the “real
controversy” requirement as we are of the view that it can logically be said
that where there is a real _legal_ interest in a case being heard, there is a
real controversy to be determined. Further, as noted above at [17], a
declaration by the court which determines the controversy between the parties
is _res judicata_. “Legal” interest is used here in contradistinction to a
mere socio-political interest, and may be said to arise where there is a novel
question of law for determination, as in the present case. While a legal
interest may suffice to satisfy the “real controversy” requirement, mere
socio-political interest will _not_ suffice in itself. The court is well
placed to determine legal questions but not socio-political questions. The
court’s function is instead to ensure, as the guardian of the Constitution,
that the Constitution is upheld inviolate.

144 We emphasise that we are in no way stating that the court will always hear
cases even where there is no _lis_ between the parties _inter se_ , but merely
that the court may exercise its discretion to do so in a proper case. We now
come to the issue of _how_ the court should exercise its discretion in this
regard and what factors it should take into account in deciding what
constitutes a proper case.

145 In _Salem_ at 457A, Lord Slynn sagaciously cautioned that even in the area
of public law, the courts should be circumspect in exercising their discretion
to hear hypothetical issues, and should not do so “unless there is a good
reason in the _public interest_ for so doing” [emphasis added]. As can be
seen, the key factor in favour of the court hearing an academic issue is that
it is in the public interest for the court to do so. This key concern was
echoed in _Michael Victor Gawler v Paul Raettig_ [2007] EWCA Civ 1560 at [37],
where the English Court of Appeal’s approach to the exercise of its discretion
was expressed as follows (_per_ Sir Anthony Clarke MR):

All will depend upon the facts of the particular case and … I do not intend to
be too prescriptive. However, such cases are likely to have a number of
characteristics in addition to _the critical requirement that an academic
appeal is in the public interest_. They include the necessity that all sides
of the argument will be fully and properly put: see eg _National Coal Board v
Ridgeway_ [[1997] 3 All ER 562], per Bingham LJ at page 604f and _Bowman v
Fels_ at [12] and [15]. It seems to me that in the vast majority of such
cases, this must involve counsel being instructed by solicitors instructed by
those with a real interest in the outcome of the appeal. [emphasis added]

146 The need for caution was also emphasised in _Rolls-Royce_ at [59], where
Wall LJ expressed concern that the court was “being asked to decide an issue
which [was] likely to affect a large number of people who [would] have had no
say in [the court’s] decision”. For this reason, the English Court of Appeal
approached the matter on a narrow basis in that case (see _Rolls-Royce_ at
[60]). We add a similar caveat to the present appeal. It cannot be overstated
that each case turns on its particular facts, and we adopt a similar narrow
basis in our approach.

The relevant facts in the present appeal

147 With that, we now turn to consider the facts of the present appeal. The
two key facts before us are that: (a) Tan was arrested, investigated, detained
and subsequently charged under s 377A; and (b) the s 377A charge was later
substituted with a charge under s 294(_a_). We will deal with each of these
facts _seriatim_.

The arrest, investigation, detention and charge under s 377A

(1) Tan’s case

148 Tan’s case is that his arrest and detention were expressly made pursuant
to s 377A, and there was no indication that a s 294(_a_) charge was even
considered to be appropriate until much later when the original s 377A charge
was substituted. There was therefore no indication that there was a concurrent
investigation under s 294(_a_). Mr Ravi further submits that the existence of
an alternative legitimate ground for depriving Tan of his personal liberty
(_viz_ , s 294(_a_)) did not make the purported deprivation of personal
liberty under s 377A lawful. Further or in the alternative, Mr Ravi submits
that the deprivation of personal liberty under each provision is not identical
or interchangeable.

(2) The AG’s case

149 The AG’s case is that the mere fact that Tan was initially arrested and
detained for the purposes of investigations into his conduct on 9 March 2010
did not create a _lis_ and did not furnish him with _locus standi_ to bring
the Application. Mr Abdullah highlights that at the preliminary stage of the
investigations, all that the police did was to investigate Tan’s conduct to
determine if any offence had been disclosed. Mr Abdullah emphasises that
investigations are a fact-finding exercise which do not always result in
sufficient evidence for a charge to be preferred, or for another charge to be
preferred in place of the original charge for which the investigations were
carried out. According to Mr Abdullah, the very nature of police
investigations means that while investigations are ongoing, there can be no
firm indication that the suspect has committed any specific offence. While
investigations were ongoing in Tan’s case, there would have been a whole range
of possible offences that Tan could have been charged with, including the
offence under s 294(_a_). While Mr Abdullah accepts that there is a need to
_identify_ one or more of the offences that a suspect might have committed, he
characterises this as being done for the purpose of _classification_ , and
asserts that even though a suspect may be informed that he is being
investigated for a particular offence, any such intimation is necessarily
provisional.

150 The AG thus argues that the s 377A charge against Tan only crystallised
when Tan was charged in court. However, even if we accept this argument, we
have difficulty seeing how this furthers the AG’s case as it is clear that Tan
_was indeed charged under s 377A_. With respect, the argument that there was
no _lis_ at the time when Tan was charged under s 377A is unconvincing. In
fact, Mr Abdullah has stated that if there was a real controversy at the point
of Tan being charged under s 377A, the matter should have been raised at that
point. It is clear to us, however, that Tan did just that by bringing the
Application for declaratory relief after he was charged under s 377A. If this
had been the end of the matter in the present case, we would have no
difficulty finding that the “real controversy” requirement has been satisfied.
However, it is equally clear that the s 377A charge against Tan was
subsequently substituted by the s 294(_a_) charge, a point which we will deal
with below at [165]–[172].

(3) Our analysis and decision

151 We are unable to agree with the AG that violations of constitutional
rights only occur when a person is prosecuted under an allegedly
unconstitutional law. _It is clear that violations of constitutional rights
may occur earlier_ , viz _, when an accused is arrested and detained under an
allegedly unconstitutional law._ When a person is arrested and detained, he is
deprived of his Art 9(1) right to personal liberty. However, if such
deprivation is done “in accordance with law”, there is no breach of Art 9(1).
For ease of reading, Art 9(1) is reproduced as follows:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty _save in
accordance with law_. [emphasis added]

152 The wording of Art 9(1) makes it clear that every detention must be
effected under a valid law. In our view, it is plain that “law” under Art 9(1)
cannot be interpreted as encompassing an unconstitutional law. It is absurd to
read Art 9(1) as sanctioning unconstitutional deprivations of personal liberty
as to do so would be to render the protection offered by Art 9(1) nugatory,
with the result that it would be a “misuse of language to speak of law as
something which affords ‘protection’ for the individual in the enjoyment of
his fundamental liberties” (see _Ong Ah Chuan_ _and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 at [26]).

153 In short, while a person has no right not to be detained under a law which
has been validly passed, he has a right not to be detained under an
unconstitutional law. As stated earlier at [125]–[127], we find that there is
an arguable case that s 377A is inconsistent with Art 12. Therefore, Tan’s
right to personal liberty under Art 9(1) would have been violated by his
arrest and detention under s 377A if s 377A were indeed unconstitutional.

154 Although we accept Mr Abdullah’s point that while investigations into a
suspect are ongoing, there are a range of possible offences that may be
considered, there was no indication by the Attorney-General’s Chambers (“the
AGC”) in this case that a charge under s 294(_a_) was even considered to be
appropriate at the time of Tan’s arrest, investigation and detention. We note
that all the documents relating to Tan’s arrest and bail expressly indicated s
377A – the tag that was used to identify Tan’s belongings after he was
detained at the police station indicated that he had been detained in respect
of a possible s 377A charge, and the document for police bail indicated that
bail was likewise for a s 377A charge. We thus find that even though Tan
eventually posted police bail, he was detained while investigations under s
377A were pending. The fact that the s 377A charge against Tan was
subsequently replaced approximately six weeks later by the s 294(_a_) charge
cannot negate the crucial historical fact that Tan was at the outset detained,
investigated and then charged under s 377A. To state otherwise would be to
bury the facts.

155 _However_ , the quirk here is that even though Tan _was_ arrested,
investigated and detained under s 377A, the same _could have been_ effected
under s 294(_a_). As such, the power to detain could have been lawfully
exercised had it proceeded under s 294(_a_), the constitutionality of which
cannot be impugned. If a law is constitutional and validly passed, it is clear
that the police may arrest, investigate and detain suspects under that law.
The issue is thus whether the existence of _alternative legitimate means_
under which a detention could have taken place negates any unconstitutionality
that the detention might suffer from. If the Executive is legally empowered to
take the relevant action in any case through alternative legitimate means, it
is arguable that the fact that an illegal procedure happened to be utilised
may not give rise to cause for complaint. On the facts of the present appeal,
although Tan’s detention under s 377A might have violated his Art 9(1) rights,
the detention could equally have proceeded under s 294(_a_), with the
corollary that Tan’s constitutional rights would not have been affected. In
other words, Tan would have been detained _regardless_ of whether the
detention proceeded under s 377A or s 294(_a_).

156 As the parties did not address this point, we asked for further
submissions on the following question:[note: 11]

Assuming _arguendo_ that there is an arguable case _apropos_ the
constitutionality of s 377A of the [current] Penal Code, can it nevertheless
be said that [Tan] has no cause for complaint since some other legitimate
means of legally investigating, apprehending, charging and convicting [him]
were concurrently extant (e.g. under s 294(a) of the [current] Penal Code)?
Counsel are requested to consider _inter alia_ the case of _Regina (Lumba) v
Secretary of State for the Home Department (JUSTICE and another intervening)_
[2011] 2 WLR 671.

Counsel are advised that this is a distinct issue from that of the alleged
extinguishment of the real controversy by the substitution of the s 377A
charge with [the charge under] s 294(a) of the [current] Penal Code.

157 One of the issues that arose for determination in _Regina (Lumba) v
Secretary of State for the Home Department (JUSTICE and another intervening)_
[2011] 2 WLR 671 (“ _Lumba_ ”) was whether the tort of false imprisonment was
committed by the UK Home Secretary’s unlawful exercise of the power to detain,
given that it was “certain that the claimant could and would have been
detained if the power had been exercised lawfully” (at [71]). The majority of
the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom held that where a public law authority
made a decision to detain that was tainted by a public law error, it was not a
defence to an action for false imprisonment to show that a lawful decision to
detain the claimant in question _could and would have been made_. Lord Dyson
JSC, who delivered the leading judgment for the majority, concluded as follows
at [71]:

Where the detainer is a public authority, it must have the power to detain and
the power must be lawfully exercised. _Where the power has not been lawfully
exercised, it is nothing to the point that it could have been lawfully
exercised. If the power could and would have been lawfully exercised, that is
a powerful reason for concluding that the detainee has suffered no loss and is
entitled to no more than nominal damages. But that is not a reason for holding
that the tort [of false imprisonment] has not been committed_. [emphasis
added]

158 The AG has submitted that the majority’s findings in _Lumba_ are confined
to an exposition of whether the elements of the tort of false imprisonment
were made out in that case as “a technical matter”[note: 12] and cannot be
subjected to wider application. Although _Lumba_ arose from a breach of a
public law duty by the UK Home Secretary, the case concerned a civil law
action for damages for false imprisonment and did not involve a decision on
standing in a public law action. On this basis, the AG seeks to distinguish
_Lumba_ from the present case.

159 We accept the AG’s submissions in so far as they relate to the
distinctions between the factual matrices of _Lumba_ and the present appeal,
_viz_ , _Lumba_ was primarily concerned with a private law claim for the tort
of false imprisonment, whereas the present appeal concerns the standing
requirements in an application for declaratory relief which involves
constitutional rights. We express _no view_ on whether Tan can successfully
maintain any action for the tort of false imprisonment _vis-à-vis_ his arrest
and detention under s 377A if that section is indeed unconstitutional.

160 Even so, we respectfully disagree with the AG that the principles
elucidated in _Lumba_ should be so narrowly confined. The issue of causation
which was analysed in _Lumba_ – _viz_ , whether the unlawful nature of a
deprivation of personal liberty is lost when the deprivation could have
proceeded in a lawful manner – is applicable to the present case. As Lord
Dyson stated at [62] of _Lumba_ , the issue of whether a defence of causation
should be recognised is a _common issue_ in both the tort of false
imprisonment and public law:

The introduction of a causation test in the tort of false imprisonment is
contrary to principle both as a matter of the law of trespass to the person
and **_as a matter of administrative law_** _._**_Neither body of law
recognises any defence of causation_** so as to render lawful what is in fact
an unlawful authority to detain, by reference to how the executive could and
_would have_ acted if it had acted lawfully, as opposed to how it _did in
fact_ act. [emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Therefore, while the elements of unlawful detention under the tort of false
imprisonment may not be identical to the elements of unconstitutional
deprivation of personal liberty in breach of Art 9(1), the former elements
pitch the issue of causation at a higher level of generality, and we find that
they are applicable to the present appeal.

161 We now go on to examine the principles elucidated in _Lumba_ on the issue
of whether the unlawful nature of a deprivation of personal liberty is lost
when the deprivation could have proceeded in a lawful manner. Lord Kerr of
Tonaghmore JSC, as part of the majority, expressed views on this issue which
are instructive (at [239]–[243]):

239 ... The fact that a person _could have been_ lawfully detained says
nothing on the question whether he _was_ lawfully detained.

240 ... An ex post facto conclusion that, had the proper policy been applied,
the [applicants] would have been lawfully detained cannot alter that essential
fact [that the proper law was not so applied].

241 The inevitability of the finding that the detention was unlawful can be
illustrated in this way. If, some hours after making the decision to detain
the [applicants] (based on the application of the unpublished policy), it was
recognised that this did not constitute a legal basis on which they could be
held, could their detention be said to be lawful before any consideration was
given to whether the application of the published policy would have led to the
same result? **_Surely, at the moment that it became clear that there was no
lawful authority for the detention and before any alternative basis on which
they might be detained was considered, their detention was unlawful._**

242 It is, I believe, important to recognise that lawful detention has two
aspects. First the decision to detain must be lawful in the sense that it has
a sound legal basis and, secondly, it must _justify_ the detention. This
second aspect has found expression in a large number of judgments, perhaps
most succinctly in the speech of Lord Hope in _R_ _v_ _Governor of Brockhill
Prison Ex p Evans (No 2)_ [2001] 2 AC 19, 32D where he said “it is of the
essence of the tort of false imprisonment that the imprisonment is without
lawful justification”. It seems to me to be self evident that the
justification must relate to the basis on which the detainer has purported to
act, and not depend on some abstract grounds wholly different from the actual
reasons for detaining. As Mr Husain [counsel for one of the applicants] put
it, the emphasis here must be on the right of the detained person not to be
detained other than on a lawful basis which justifies the detention.
**_Detention cannot be justified on some putative basis, unrelated to the
actual reasons for it, on which the detention might retrospectively be said to
be warranted._** Simply because some ground for lawfully detaining may exist
but has not been resorted to by the detaining authority, the detention cannot
be said, on that account, to be lawful.

243 ... As Professor Cane put it in “The Temporal Element in Law” (2001) 117
LQR 5, 7 “imprisonment can never be justified unless _actually_ [as opposed to
hypothetically] authorised by law”. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

162 As can be seen from the above extract, Lord Kerr focused on the fact that
a lawful decision to detain was _not_ in fact made in _Lumba_ , and it was
this crucial fact of unlawful detention that gave rise to the necessity of the
grant of a remedy.

163 We agree with the foregoing analysis, and add that it is not right to say
that the detention which Tan faced was the _same_ regardless of whether it
proceeded under s 377A or s 294(_a_). The critical difference lies in the
_legality_ of the actual detention. Further, it is only through a strained
process of _ex post facto_ rationalisation adopted by the AG that one can say
that an alternative lawful avenue for detaining Tan was available at the
material time, and that had it been utilised, there would have been no
violation of Tan’s constitutional rights. This process of _ex post facto_
rationalisation does not negate the fact that assuming, _arguendo_ , that s
377A is unconstitutional, _there was an actual violation of Tan’s
constitutional rights_ at the time of his detention under that section.

164 We thus find that there was a _lis_ at the point when Tan was detained
under s 377A.

The substitution of the s 294(a) charge for the s 377A charge

165 We come to the second key fact of this case, _viz_ , that a s 294(_a_)
charge was subsequently substituted for the s 377A charge against Tan. Mr
Abdullah’s submissions before this court centre on the fact of this
substitution, and on the fact that Tan _pleaded guilty_ to the substituted
charge. However, we find that the focus on Tan’s plea of guilty to the s
294(_a_) charge is a red herring. When questioned on whether the AG would have
pursued the “no real controversy” argument if Tan had claimed trial to the s
294(_a_) charge instead of entering a plea of guilty, Mr Abdullah rightly
acknowledged that the AG would have raised the same argument regardless of the
plea of guilty. Therefore, our focus will not be on Tan’s plea of guilty to
the s 294(_a_) charge, but on the substitution of the original s 377A charge
itself.

166 As to the substitution of the s 377A charge, the AG’s case is that since
the decision sought to be impugned (_ie_ , the decision to charge Tan under s
377A) has been substituted by a fresh decision (_ie_ , the decision to charge
Tan under s 294(_a_)), it is the latter decision that forms the subject matter
of review because a challenge to the initial decision becomes
“pointless”.[note: 13] In support of this position, the AG has cited the cases
of _R v Secretary of State for the Home Department, ex parte Turgut_ [2001] 1
All ER 719 (“ _Turgut_ ”) and _The Queen on the Application of_ _Rathakrishnan
v Secretary of State for the Home Department_ [2011] EWHC 1406 (Admin) (“
_Rathakrishnan_ ”).

167 The fundamental difficulty that we have with the AG’s contention is that
it is not the AG’s decision to proceed with a s 377A charge against Tan which
is being impugned here. This case has never been about a challenge to the
exercise of the AG’s prosecutorial discretion. Instead, what is being impugned
here is s 377A itself.

168 Further, we find that neither _Turgut_ nor _Rathakrishnan_ are applicable
to the present case. In _Turgut_ , the court was asked to consider the correct
approach to a challenge against a public law decision which had been replaced
by a further subsequent decision. The court concluded at 735–736 as follows:

Where however the second decision is to the same effect as the first decision
and the applicant challenges the legality of the second decision the question
then arises as to what is the proper approach of the court. Further litigation
on the first decision will generally be pointless. In general it will be
convenient to substitute the second decision for the first decision as being
the decision challenged in the proceedings.

As can be seen, the second decision in _Turgut_ had the _same effect_ as the
first decision. We understand “effect” to mean the legal effect of the
decisions. As the two decisions in issue in _Turgut_ had the same effect, the
applicant was not prejudiced by the substitution of the second decision for
the first decision in the judicial review proceedings. We find no difficulty
with the ruling in _Turgut_. However, it is not applicable to the present case
as the legal effect of s 377A and that of s 294(_a_) are not the same, given
that the former is arguably unconstitutional while the latter is undoubtedly
constitutional.

169 _Rathakrishnan_ involved a challenge to a refusal to grant asylum. The
procedural history of the case is crucial to a proper understanding of the
decision which the court arrived at. In _Rathakrishnan_ , the applicant’s
initial claim for asylum was rejected, and following this rejection, he made
fresh representations. The UK Secretary of State declined to treat the
applicant’s fresh representations as a fresh claim for asylum, and the
applicant challenged that decision (“the impugned decision”) by way of
judicial review proceedings. After the judicial review proceedings were
commenced, the UK Secretary of State decided that she would no longer rely on
the impugned decision as she acknowledged that she might indeed have failed to
properly consider the substance of all the points raised by the applicant in
his representations. The UK Secretary of State invited the applicant to agree
to the court disposing of the judicial review proceedings by quashing the
impugned decision and ordering her (the UK Secretary of State) to reconsider
his representations. The applicant was unwilling to agree and instead sought
to have the judicial review proceedings stayed. It appeared that his thinking
was that if the judicial review proceedings were merely stayed instead of
disposed of conclusively by the court, then in the event that the UK Secretary
of State’s fresh decision on his asylum claim was unfavourable to him and thus
(from his perspective) arguably unlawful, that fresh decision could be
challenged within the same judicial review proceedings (see _Rathakrishnan_ at
[5]). The court declined to allow the judicial review proceedings to remain on
foot for the reason that if the UK Secretary of State’s error were to be
repeated in her reconsideration of the applicant’s representations, it could
be the subject matter of fresh judicial review proceedings (see
_Rathakrishnan_ at [15]). The court’s concern was that judicial review
proceedings might again be initiated after the UK Secretary of State delivered
her pending fresh decision on the applicant’s asylum claim following her
reconsideration of his representations. In that scenario, if the existing
judicial review proceedings were not terminated, there would be two sets of
judicial review proceedings _vis-à-vis_ the applicant’s asylum claim: the
existing judicial review proceedings in respect of the impugned decision, and
new judicial review proceedings in respect of the UK Secretary of State’s
fresh decision on the asylum claim. In the court’s view, “[t]o have two
decisions that [were] the subject of challenge on partly the same and partly
different grounds [led] to muddle” (see _Rathakrishnan_ at [15]). The court
thus held (at [17]) that “where a fresh decision ha[d] yet to be made and
[was] going to be made, the existing proceedings should normally end”.

170 We find that the ruling in _Rathakrishnan_ is not applicable to the
present case as there is no pending fresh decision to speak of here. The
court’s concern in that case – namely, to avoid a situation where two judicial
review proceedings are launched on “partly the same and partly different
grounds” (see _Rathakrishnan_ at [15]) against two decisions involving the
same subject matter (_viz_ , the applicant’s asylum claim in _Rathakrishnan_)
– does not apply to the present case.

171 Furthermore, what is being challenged in the present case is neither the
original decision (to charge Tan under s 377A) nor the fresh decision (to
charge Tan under s 294 _(a_) instead). As noted above at [167], what is being
challenged is the constitutionality of s 377A itself _._ Assuming, _arguendo_
, that s 377A is unconstitutional, we have found that the very existence of s
377A in the statute books arguably violates Tan’s constitutional rights
_without_ the need for any violation through executive action (see above at
[126]). It is here that the difference between challenging an executive
decision and challenging a law can be seen. _Rathakrishnan_ was concerned with
the constitutionality of an executive decision, while the present case is
concerned with the constitutionality of a law. A law exists on a different
plane from an executive decision. Executive decisions are taken under laws
and, thus, are subject to legal limits (see _Chng_ _Suan_ _Tze_ _v Minister
for Home Affairs and others and other appeals_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 525 at [86]).
All prosecutions are instantiations of the AG’s executive decisions. Where a
prosecution is brought under an unconstitutional law, all decisions to
prosecute under that law will also be unconstitutional. The
unconstitutionality of the law is not derived from the unconstitutionality of
the prosecutions brought under it; instead, it is the other way around. We
pause to add that the unconstitutionality of a prosecution may also arise
apart from the unconstitutionality of a law (see _Ramalingam_ _Ravinthran v
Attorney-General_ [2012] 2 SLR 49 (“ _Ramalingam_ _Ravinthran_ ”) at [17]).

172 We are here faced with a third situation distinct from that in _Turgut_
and that in _Rathakrishnan_. In the present case, there has been a fresh
decision, and this fresh decision had a different legal effect from the
initial decision. _If_ the fresh decision extinguished the initial decision,
the initial decision would no longer be open to challenge as it would have
ceased to have any effect. _However_ , where the initial decision had _real
consequences_ during the interim between the initial decision and the fresh
decision, and where those consequences were not ameliorated or extinguished by
the fresh decision, the initial decision would remain open to challenge. _In
the present case, while the s 377A charge against Tan can be said to have been
extinguished by the substitution of the s 294(_ a _) charge in the sense that
the s 377A charge ceased to exist from the time the substituted charge was
preferred, the violation of Tan’s Art 9(1) rights in the interim period before
the substituted charge was preferred was not remedied by the mere fact of the
substitution in itself._ As the violation of Tan’s constitutional rights has
not been and is not capable of being excised or extinguished by the preferring
of the substituted charge anymore than it is capable of being excised by the
fact that Tan’s arrest and detention under s 377A could have lawfully
proceeded under s 294(_a_) (see above at [163]), we find that the _lis_
created by the initial decision to charge Tan under s 377A remains in
existence despite the substitution of the s 377A charge.

Is there a real and credible threat of prosecution under s 377A?

173 On behalf of Tan, Mr Ravi submits that as long as s 377A exists, the
police are at liberty to arrest based on it and the AGC is at liberty to
charge based on it. Therefore, “no amount of non-binding reassurance from the
executive about the non-enforcement will be sufficient”.[note: 14] Mr Ravi
notes that there has not been any executive order to the effect that s 377A
must not be used to charge consensual private acts between male homosexuals.
Further, during the hearing before this court, Mr Ravi stated that there had
been two recent cases where the police issued stern warnings under s 377A for
private consensual sex between male homosexuals after arresting the
individuals concerned.

174 The AG’s case is that there is no real and credible threat of prosecution
under s 377A for the sphere of acts that Tan is interested in, _ie_ , private
consensual sexual acts between two adult males. Even if there is a threat of
prosecution, this is a mere spectre. As for the instances where stern warnings
under s 377A were issued, Mr Abdullah submits that after stern warnings are
issued, the police do not check for continued compliance with the warnings and
the persons concerned are, for all intents and purposes, left alone. We note
that Mr Abdullah, however, has not refuted Mr Ravi’s statement that there have
been cases of arrests resulting in stern warnings under s 377A for consensual
sexual acts conducted in private (see above at [173] as well as below at
[183]).

175 Just as individuals have a right not to be arrested, investigated and
detained under an unconstitutional law, they also have a right not to be
prosecuted under an unconstitutional law. In _Ramalingam_ _Ravinthran_ , it
was held by this court at [17] that “a prosecution in breach of
constitutionally-protected rights would be unconstitutional”. Individuals who
act in ways that may render them liable under unconstitutional laws ought not
be placed in the unenviable position of waiting for an unconstitutional sword
of Damocles to fall upon their fundamental rights.

176 The AG’s arguments as to the threat of prosecutions under s 377A being
merely fanciful was also raised by the respondent in _Leung_ (_viz_ , the Hong
Kong Secretary for Justice) in the following manner (at [26]):

The applicant may or may not in the future be prosecuted but that is a purely
hypothetical situation which may never occur and the Court ought not grant
declarations relating to hypothetical events in the future.

177 To this, the Hong Kong Court of Appeal curtly responded by stating at [28]
that it “clearly [had] jurisdiction but [jurisdiction] must be carefully
exercised”. The court held that even though future events or proposed conduct
was involved, in “exceptional cases” (at [28(2)]), it would grant the
appropriate relief. The court went on to refer to _Airedale NHS Trust v Bland_
[1993] AC 789, where, notwithstanding that the declarations sought dealt with
the legality of future conduct, Lord Goff of Chieveley opined as follows (at
862H–863A):

It would, in my opinion, be a deplorable state of affairs if no authoritative
guidance could be given to the medical profession in a case such as the
present, so that a doctor would be compelled either to act contrary to the
principles of medical ethics established by his professional body or to risk a
prosecution for murder.

178 It can thus be seen that one of the reasons why a real and credible threat
of prosecution may be seen as giving rise to a _lis_ is that individuals
should not be compelled to act against what is, on the face of it, the law,
and thereby risk the actualisation of the threat of prosecution. This was
acknowledged in Lord Woolf & Jeffrey Jowell, _de_ _Smith, Woolf & __Jowell:
Judicial Review of Administrative Action_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 1995) at
para 18-002 as follows:

[A declaration] is increasingly being used to pronounce upon the legality of a
future situation and in that way the occurrence of illegal action is avoided.

We add that the notion that individuals cannot be required to breach the law
in order to gain access to justice (expanded on above at [96]–[105] in the
context of standing) is broad enough to encompass both breaches of the law
which do and breaches of the law which do not result in prosecutions. The
decision to bring a prosecution is at the sole discretion of the AG and lies
outside an individual’s control.

179 Further, if a law is unconstitutional, selective prosecution under that
law is not an answer as no prosecutions whatsoever should be brought under an
unconstitutional law. Although the existence of a _lis_ is clearer when a
prosecution has been brought under an allegedly unconstitutional law, the very
fact of a real and credible threat of prosecution under such a law is
sufficient to amount to an arguable violation of constitutional rights, and
this violation gives rise to a real controversy for the court to determine.

180 There have been ministerial statements in Parliament indicating that the
Government’s policy towards s 377A is that this provision will not be
“proactively” enforced (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(23 October 2007) vol 83 at col 2401; see also _Singapore Parliamentary
Debates, Official Report_ (21 July 2008) vol 84 at col 2923). However, “no
proactive enforcement” is, in our view, of a totally different complexion from
“no enforcement”. No Minister has gone so far as to state that there will be
no enforcement of s 377A. The phrases “active”/“proactive”/“vigorous”
enforcement are broad phrases which can comfortably bear a spectrum of
meaning. At one end of the spectrum, the lack of active enforcement may
suggest that the police will not charge consenting adult males who engage in
homosexual activities in private, whatever the circumstances. At the other
end, it may simply mean that the police will not purposely seek out adult
males who carry out such activities with a view to charging them, but if they
happen to come across such activities being committed or if they receive
complaints of such activities, they will then arrest and charge the relevant
persons under s 377A. One can conceive of a situation where a neighbour of a
homosexual couple calls the police to lodge a complaint that offences under s
377A are being committed in the privacy of that couple’s home. In such a
situation, if the police respond to the call and proceed to arrest and charge
the couple under s 377A, would this be “active” enforcement, or “reactive”
enforcement? If it is the latter, it will not be covered by the statements in
Parliament.

181 An even more fundamental point ought to be raised. As acknowledged by Mr
Abdullah, ministerial statements do _not have the force of law_ and do not
bind the AG, who exercises his prosecutorial discretion independently. While
we are confident that the AG will consider general governmental policy in
exercising his discretion, this cannot be a fetter on his exercise of that
discretion. _Before this court, it was made abundantly clear that no binding
assurance could be given that no future prosecutions would ever be brought
under s 377A._ Moreover, even if an assurance from the AGC were forthcoming,
as demonstrated in _Public Prosecutor v Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1999] 1
SLR(R) 1165 (“ _Glenn Knight_ ”), a representation by an incumbent Attorney-
General cannot bind future Attorney-Generals. In _Glenn Knight_ , where it was
revealed that the then Attorney-General had decided to commence a prosecution
against the respondent in that case despite a purported letter promising him
immunity from future prosecution, the court held that that decision could not
be impugned due to “the almost inviolable discretion of the AGC to prosecute”
(at [70]) (for a more in-depth analysis of the constitutional status of the
prosecutorial discretion and its limitations, see _Ramalingam_ _Ravinthran_ ,
especially at [27], [28], [44], [45] and [51]–[53]).

182 Further, there is nothing to suggest that the policy of the Government on
s 377A will not be subject to change. Just as the AG cannot fetter his
discretion on policy matters, the Executive cannot fetter its discretion on
the same. Ministerial statements in Parliament on policy matters do not
invariably bind a future or even the same government. The Executive’s
discretion to determine policy remains unfettered and it has the right to
change its policy with regard to the enforcement of s 377A. Therefore, as long
as s 377A remains in the statute books, the threat of prosecution under this
section persists, as the facts of this case amply illustrate.

183 We also find that the threat of prosecution under s 377A is not merely
fanciful, even for the type of conduct that Tan professes to regularly
participate in,namely, private consensual sexual acts between two adult males.
As noted earlier at [173] above, stern warnings have been issued by the police
under s 377A for such conduct. As stern warnings are only issued after
investigations have been carried out with regard to the offence in question,
the individuals who have received stern warnings under s 377A would have been
arrested and detained under an arguably unconstitutional law. When Mr Abdullah
was asked about the stern warnings issued by the police under s 377A, he
stated that there is sometimes a necessity for suspects to be investigated
even though their sexual acts seem consensual. This might occur where suspects
have been arrested for another criminal offence (_eg_ , drug consumption) and
the facts also disclose a possible s 377A offence. In such cases, while the
police are aware of the facts giving rise to a possible s 377A charge, they
may decide not to proceed with that charge if the sexual activities were
between consenting adult males. We find that the fact that stern warnings have
been issued under s 377A for private consensual acts between adult males
suggests that there is not just a mere spectre of prosecutions under that
provision. A stern warning is a way of informing the individual who is warned
that if he continues to indulge in the type of conduct circumscribed by s
377A, leniency may no longer be forthcoming in future and he may well be
charged under s 377A if he is found engaging in such conduct in the future.
Further, there is a real possibility that the individual police officer or
Deputy Public Prosecutor handling a case may decide not to proceed with a
stern warning, but to instead prefer a charge under s 377A. That appears to be
precisely what has happened here.

184 Without going into the merits of the Application, we want to acknowledge
that in so far as s 377A in its current form extends to private consensual
sexual conduct between adult males, this provision affects the lives of a not
insignificant portion of our community in a very real and intimate way. Such
persons might plausibly assert that the continued existence of s 377A in our
statute books causes them to be unapprehended felons in the privacy of their
homes. The constitutionality or otherwise of s 377A is thus of real public
interest. We also note that s 377A has other effects beyond criminal
sanctions. One unwanted effect of s 377A is that it may also make criminals
out of victims. We will list three illustrations to highlight this point.
First, a man who suffers domestic abuse at the hands of his male partner may
be reluctant to report it to the police as police investigations may reveal
that he (_ie_ , the victim of domestic abuse) is guilty of an offence under s
377A. Second, if a man who has been sexually assaulted by another man reports
this to the police, he may lay himself open to a s 377A charge as s 377A is
silent on consent. While a charge in such a scenario may be unlikely, the fear
of being charged may be sufficient to deter some victims from coming forward.
Third, lest it is thought that these scenarios are fanciful, we refer to a
reported incident where a man who was robbed after having sex with another man
reported the theft to the police and received a warning under s 377A (see
“This teacher was caught having sex in public, police tells school”, _The New
Paper_ (21 February 2005)).[note: 15]

The issues in controversy in the present case

185 To end our analysis and discussion of Issue 4, we frame the following
arguable issues for the court below to determine on the merits:

whether s 377A violates Art 12 in terms of:

(a) whether the classification is founded on an intelligible differentia; and

(b) whether the differentia bears a rational relation to the object sought to
be achieved by s 377A.

Summary

186 In the result, we affirm the Judge’s determination (albeit on different
grounds) that Tan has _locus standi_ to make the Application (see [125]–[127]
above). The way in which this case has been argued ties the issues of _locus
standi_ and certainty of failure together, and, thus, we find that the
Application is not certain to fail, given that Tan has _locus standi_ to
pursue it. Further, we also find that that there is an arguable case on the
constitutionality of s 377A that ought to be heard in the High Court (see
[185] above). We emphasise that our finding of the existence of a real
controversy to be determined in this case arises from a combination of two
factors. Firstly, Tan was at the outset arrested, investigated, detained and
charged exclusively under s 377A. This squarely raises the issue as to whether
Tan’s initial detention and prosecution were “in accordance with law” within
the meaning of Art 9(1) as s 377A was the only provision relied on by the
investigators and the Prosecution at all material times prior to the
substitution of the s 377A charge with the s 294(_a_) charge. The subsequent
substitution of the s 377A charge only after the Application was filed could
not excise any earlier “wrong” which might have been committed _vis-à-vis_ Tan
(see [163] and [172] above). Secondly, there is a real and credible threat of
prosecution under s 377A (see [173]–[183] above). Our finding that there is a
real controversy to be adjudicated in this case removes the anomaly referred
to at [15] above as now, Tan, an applicant who has _locus standi_ based on a
finding of an arguable violation of his constitutional rights, will be allowed
to vindicate his rights before the courts. The principle of access to justice
calls for nothing less.

Conclusion

187 We thus allow the present appeal and grant Tan leave to amend the
Application to include a prayer that he ought not to have been arrested,
investigated, detained and charged under s 377A, as well as to make the
appropriate references to Art 162 for the sake of completeness. We hold that
Tan has standing to pursue his claim for declaratory relief subject to the
requisite amendments to the Application being made. For the avoidance of any
doubt, we reiterate (see also above at, _inter alia_ , [3] and [127]) that we
are _not_ deciding here that s 377A _is_ inconsistent with Art 12 as that goes
to the merits of the Application. We are merely deciding that it is _arguably_
so, which suffices for the present appeal on the preliminary issue of whether
the Application should be struck out.

188 There will be no order as to costs here and below.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Respondent’s Case filed on 27 July 2011 (“the Respondent’s
Case”) at p 13, para 27.

[note: 2]See the Respondent’s Case at p 41, para 67.

[note: 3]See the Respondent’s Case at p 48, para 77.

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]See the Respondent’s Case at p 44, para 71.

[note: 6]See the Respondent’s Case at p 36, para 59.

[note: 7]See the Appellant’s Case dated 27 June 2011 (“the Appellant’s Case”)
at p 39, para 124.

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]See the Appellant’s Case at p 39, para 125.

[note: 10]See the Respondent’s Case at p 32, para 52.

[note: 11]See the Supreme Court’s letter to the parties dated 5 October 2011.

[note: 12]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions filed on 28 October 2011
(“the Respondent’s Further Submissions”) at p 9, para 9.

[note: 13]See the Respondent’s Further Submissions at p 16, para 19.

[note: 14]See the Appellant’s Case at p 34, para 107.

[note: 15]See the Appellant’s Supplementary Bundle of Authorities at Tab 15.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

**SUPREME COURT SINGAPORE**

**21 August 2012**

**Media Summary**

**Tan Eng Hong v Attorney-General  
_Civil Appeal No. 50 of 2011_**

**Decision of the Court of Appeal (delivered by V K Rajah JA)**

**Facts  
**  
(1) On 9 March 2010, Tan Eng Hong (“Tan”) and another male person (“the co-
accused”) were arrested for engaging in oral sex in a cubicle in a public
toilet of a shopping complex. Both parties are adult males in their forties.
Tan and the co-accused were then separately charged under s 377A of the Penal
Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Penal Code”) with the commission of an act
of gross indecency with another male person.  
  
(2) On 24 September 2010, Tan brought an application (“the Application”) under
O 15 r 16 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the Rules”) to
ask the court to declare s 377A of the Penal Code (“s 377A”) unconstitutional
under the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999
Reprint) ( “the Constitution”). Tan alleged that s 377A was inconsistent with
Arts 9, 12 and 14 of the Constitution (“Art 9”, “Art 12” and “Art 14”
respectively) and was therefore void by virtue of Art 4 of the Constitution
(“Art 4”).  
  
(3) On 15 October 2010, the Prosecution informed Tan that the s 377A charge
against him had been substituted with one under s 294(a) of the Penal Code (“s
294(a)”) for the commission of an obscene act in a public place. The charge
against the co-accused was similarly substituted.  
  
(4) Tan subsequently pleaded guilty to the substituted charge under s 294(a)
on 15 December 2010, and was convicted and sentenced to a fine of $3,000. The
co-accused had earlier pleaded guilty, and had similarly been convicted and
sentenced to a fine of $3,000.  
  
(5) Soon after the substitution of the s 377A charge against Tan with the s
294(a) charge, the Attorney-General (“the AG”) applied to strike out the
Application pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the Rules and/or the inherent
jurisdiction of the court. An assistant registrar (“the AR”) struck out the
Application on the ground that it disclosed no reasonable cause of action, was
frivolous or vexatious and/or was an abuse of the process of the court.  
  
(6) On appeal by Tan against the AR’s decision, the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) held that an had locus standi, and that his claim was not certain to
fail and in fact raised many novel constitutional issues that deserved more
detailed treatment. However, the Judge concluded that there was no real
controversy to be adjudicated as there was nothing at stake for Tan, given
that he had already pleaded guilty to and been convicted of the s 294(a)
charge. The AR’s striking-out order was therefore upheld. The present appeal
is Tan’s appeal against the Judge’s decision.

.....

Please click here for the full media summary.

This summary is provided to assist in the understanding of the Court’s
judgment. It is not intended to be a substitute for the reasons of the Court.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

