Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Woon Wee Lee _v_ Koh Ai Hua  
[2012] SGHC 128

Case Number| :| DT No 2518 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Winston Quek (Winston Quek & Co) for the plaintiff; Luna
Yap (Luna Yap & Co) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Woon Wee Lee — Koh Ai Hua  
  
22 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This was a hearing to decide ancillary matters between Woon Wee Lee (“the
Husband”) and Koh Ai Hua (“the Wife”) subsequent to the granting of an interim
judgment of divorce to the Husband in July 2011. After hearing counsel for
both parties, I made the following orders:

(a) the matrimonial property at Blk 316 Shunfu Road #07-50, Singapore 570316
(“the Shunfu flat”) was to be sold by 15 June 2012 in that an Option or Sale
and Purchase Agreement should be executed by that date and the net sale
proceeds (less sales commission, legal and transfer fees and incidental
expenses) were to be divided between the Husband and the Wife in the
proportion of 60%-40%;

(b) the Husband was to pay the Wife by way of lump sum maintenance $145,000
which was to be deducted from the Husband’s 60% share of the net sale proceeds
of the Shunfu flat;

(c) upon receipt of $145,000 by the Wife, the monthly maintenance of $2,000
payable by the Husband would cease forthwith;

(d) the 53 pieces of artwork and calligraphy taken away by the Husband from
the Shunfu flat were to be appraised and valued by a reputable valuer of
Chinese artworks/calligraphy and the Husband was to pay to the Wife 40% of
such value which was to be deducted from the Husband’s 60% share of the sale
proceeds of the Shunfu flat. The Husband was at liberty by prior appointment
with the Wife to remove the balance artwork/calligraphy that he had left
behind at the Shunfu flat;

(e) the Husband was entitled to retain all other assets presently held by him
including the flat at Blk 13 Ang Mo Kio Avenue 9 #04-02 Singapore 569764 (“the
AMK flat”), his CPF savings and his shares save that he should pay to the Wife
40% of the $60,000 that he withdrew from their joint bank account, 40% of the
net sale proceeds of the car that the Wife was using before he left the Shunfu
flat (or, failing proof of the sale, 40% of the market value of the car as at
18 November 1999), and 40% of $140,000 which was the balance in his bank
accounts;

(f) parties were to have liberty to apply; and

(g) each party was to bear his or her own costs.

2 As the Husband has appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No 41 of
2012), I shall now set out my reasons.

Background

3 The parties met in the early 1970s at Nanyang University (“NU”). The Husband
was studying for his Masters degree while the Wife was working as a clerk at
NU. After completing his Masters degree, the Husband left for the United
Kingdom sometime in the first half of 1975 to pursue a doctorate in Chinese
studies at the University of Leeds.

4 A few months after the Husband left Singapore, the Wife sold her Housing &
Development Board (“HDB”) flat (which she had inherited from her parents) and
car for about $20,000 and $1,500 respectively. She resigned from her job and
moved to Leeds in mid-1975 taking the two sale proceeds with her. She did not
leave any assets behind in Singapore. The parties were married in September
1975.

5 The Husband obtained his doctorate in 1979 and began work in London as a
translator. The parties moved to Hong Kong in 1981 (and soon thereafter to
Macau) when the Husband was offered employment by a university in Macau. The
Wife started a business teaching flower arrangements and making clothes. She
also taught Ikebana (Japanese flower arrangement) as an extra-mural evening
course at a university in Macau.

6 In 1990, the parties purchased the Shunfu flat in joint names and the flat
was shortly thereafter rented out at $1,500 per month. As the parties were not
in Singapore, the Wife granted a power of attorney to her sister and brother-
in-law so that they could look after the flat and deal with the tenants. The
rent was utilised to pay the monthly mortgage instalments for the Shunfu flat
between 1990 and 1993.

7 Sometime in 1993, the parties purchased a flat in Macau in joint names for
about HK$1m. Shortly thereafter, the parties returned to Singapore because the
Husband’s teaching contract in Macau was not renewed. The Macau flat was sold
at a profit and the net sale proceeds were deposited into the parties’ joint
account in Macau. The sale proceeds were subsequently used for repayment of
the mortgage loan for the Shunfu flat.

8 The parties lived together in the Shunfu flat. In November 1999, the Husband
sold a Honda car which was registered in his name but which was used by the
Wife. In December 1999, the Wife obtained an interim maintenance order of
$2,000 per month and the Husband bought the AMK flat in his sole name. The
Husband left the Shunfu flat in January 2000 and has since been living in the
AMK flat.

9 The Husband filed for divorce in May 2011 on the basis that the parties had
lived apart for a continuous period of at least four years. The Wife did not
contest the divorce and interim judgment was granted in July 2011.

10 The Husband is 65 years old. He retired from his teaching post at the
National Institute of Education (“NIE”) in July 2011.

11 The Wife is 67 years old and continues to live at the Shunfu flat. She is a
housewife. Every year, she is invited by various community centres to
demonstrate flower arrangements and on average she receives a gratuity of $320
per year from the community centres.

12 There are no children to the marriage.

Assets disclosed by the parties

13 The Husband disclosed the following assets in his first affidavit of assets
and means:

No |  Item |  Value  
---|---|---  
1 |  Shunfu flat |  $1,600,000 (co-owned with Wife)  
2 |  AMK flat |  $600,000  
3 |  NTUC Income Eldershield Policy No 32149594 |  No surrender value  
4 |  Shares in China Const Bank, China Telecom and Ind & Com BOC |  HK$486,429 (about $97,285.80)  
5 |  Shares in Genting SP, Stat Chipac, Tiger Air and Utd Env Tech |  $115,060  
6 |  Shares in Hutchinson Port |  US$21,105 (about $26,592.30[note: 1])  
7 |  OCBC Time Deposit No XXX |  $53,385.18  
8 |  POSB Savings Account No YYY |  $87,493.13  
9 |  CPF Ordinary Account |  $10,895.96  
10 |  CPF Medisave Account |  $39,927.84  
11 |  CPF Special Account |  $89.96  
  
  

Excluding the Shunfu flat and AMK flat, the Husband’s total assets amounted to
$430,730.20.

14 The Wife disclosed the following assets in her first affidavit of assets
and means:

No |  Item |  Value  
---|---|---  
1 |  Shunfu flat |  Between $1,100,000 and $1,200,000 (co-owned with Husband)  
2 |  Hyundai car |  Unknown (Held on trust for niece)  
3 |  POSB Savings Account No ABC |  $532.47  
4 |  POSB Mysavings Account No DEF |  $3,059.50  
5 |  CPF Medisave Account |  $2,329.67  
  
  

Excluding the Shunfu flat and her CPF account, the Wife’s assets amounted to a
total of $3,591.97. She stated that she had been relying on the monthly
maintenance of $2,000 which the Husband had been paying pursuant to the
interim maintenance order.

Matrimonial assets available for division

The Shunfu flat

15 The parties purchased the Shunfu flat for $280,000 in 1990 in joint names.
They borrowed $238,000 from the Post Office Savings Bank (“POSB”) (then known
as Credit POSB Pte Ltd) and the remainder of $42,000 came from their joint
account in Macau. The mortgage loan of $238,000 is now fully paid-up.

16 A total of $267,540.21 was contributed from the parties’ respective CPF
accounts (including accrued interest) to the purchase of the Shunfu flat
and/or repayment of the mortgage loan. Of this total, the Husband contributed
98.6% (_ie_ , $263,894.99) while the Wife contributed 1.4% (_ie_ , $3,645.22).

17 The Husband submitted that although the Macau account was in joint names,
all the monies in the account belonged to him because all his salary was
deposited in the account. He contended that the $42,000 down-payment from the
account should therefore be treated as his direct financial contribution.

The AMK flat

18 It was not disputed that the Wife made no direct financial contribution to
the purchase of the AMK flat. However, the Wife alleged that the Husband had
used the $60,000 which he withdrew from the parties’ joint POSB account and
the sale proceeds of the Honda car to part pay the purchase price. The
purchase price was not disclosed by the Husband. Further, the Wife argued that
the market value of the AMK flat was about $820,000 and not $600,000 as the
Husband had declared.

19 The Husband submitted that the AMK flat did not constitute part of the
matrimonial assets under s 112 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed)
(“the Charter”) because it was bought by him with his own funds after the
parties had separated and there were no direct or indirect contributions by
the Wife to its acquisition, retention and maintenance. In this regard, he
relied on _Lim Ngeok Yuen v Lim Soon Heng Victor_ [2006] SGHC 83 (“ _Lim Ngeok
Yuen_ ”) and _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy and another appeal_ [2011] 2
SLR 1157 (“ _Yeo Chong Lin_ ”).

20 Section 112(10)(b) of the Charter provided as follows:

In this section, “matrimonial asset” means —

...

(_b_) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party
or both parties to the marriage,

but does not include any asset (not being a matrimonial home) that has been
acquired by one party at any time by gift or inheritance and that has not been
substantially improved during the marriage by the other party or by both
parties to the marriage.

21 Although the AMK flat fell within the definition of “matrimonial asset” in
s 112(10)(_b_) of the Charter because it was acquired during the marriage,
this was a proper case for the court to exercise its discretion to exclude the
AMK flat from the pool of matrimonial assets to be divided. In _Lim Ngeok
Yuen_ at [45], the court exempted an apartment from division because the wife
had bought it three and a half years after the parties had separated and the
husband had ceased to make contributions to the family. In _AQT v AQU_ [2011]
SGHC 138, I exempted a trust from division because it had been set up by both
parties for the benefit of their children.

22 In the present case, there was no issue of indirect contribution by the
Wife to the AMK flat because it was bought at a time when the marriage had
already broken down, shortly before the parties separated. Although the Wife
alleged that the Husband had used the sale proceeds of the Honda car and the
$60,000 which was withdrawn from their joint POSB account as part of the
purchase price of the AMK flat, she did not produce any evidence to support
this allegation. Furthermore, there was no evidence of the purchase price of
the AMK flat and the quantum of the sale proceeds of the car. In any event,
even if this allegation was true, it did not follow that the Wife should be
awarded a share in the present market value of the property (about $820,000
based on the Wife’s valuation) as she would consequently benefit from the
appreciation in the value of the property which was bought 12 years ago in
January 2000. In my view, the more just and equitable solution was to award
the Wife a share in the sale proceeds of the car (or its market value as at 18
November 1999) and the monies withdrawn from the joint POSB account rather
than a share in the AMK flat.

Artwork and calligraphy

23 Throughout the marriage, about 200 pieces of Chinese artwork and
calligraphy were acquired by the parties. On 30 December 1999, the Husband
removed 53 pieces from the Shunfu flat leaving about 147 pieces in the Wife’s
possession.

24 The Husband submitted that the artwork and calligraphy were not part of the
pool of matrimonial assets to be divided because some were gifts from friends,
some were bought by him in order to learn painting, and some were given to him
by his elder brother in 1983. He further submitted that the 53 pieces which he
removed from the Shunfu flat belonged to his family and were given to him by
his elder brother.

25 The Husband submitted that even if the court was minded to treat the
artwork and calligraphy as part of the pool of matrimonial assets to be
divided, the 53 pieces taken by him should not be divided because the Wife had
possession of the remaining 147 pieces. He argued that the Wife had taken at
least 10 pieces to Beijing for auction.

26 The Wife’s version of events was that all the artwork and calligraphy were
found and bought by the parties together in Macau, as they were Chinese-
educated and appreciated Chinese art. She argued that the 53 pieces which were
taken away by the Husband (worth at least $200,000 in total) were the most
expensive pieces of the entire collection because some were originals of well-
respected Chinese painters and calligraphy masters. She denied that she had
put any of the remaining pieces up for auction. She pointed out that the
document which the Husband relied on to support this allegation was not
translated from Chinese into English. She submitted that it should therefore
be disregarded.

27 At the hearing on 22 March 2012, Ms Luna Yap (“Ms Yap”), counsel for the
Wife, informed the court that the 147 pieces which were left by the Husband in
the Shunfu flat in December 1999 were still there. Ms Yap stated that the Wife
was not making any claim on them and that the Husband could take them away if
he so wished. In the circumstances, only the 53 pieces taken by the Husband
were in issue.

28 On a plain reading of s 112(10)(_b_) of the Charter (see [20] above), once
it is established that an asset was acquired during the marriage by one or
both parties to the marriage, the party asserting that the asset is _not_ a
matrimonial asset bears the burden of proving that it was a gift which had not
been substantially improved during the marriage. In the present case, the
Husband had not discharged this burden of proof. He did not provide any
evidence over and above the bare assertion (at para 36 of his affidavit dated
28 November 2011) that the 53 pieces belonged to his family and were given to
him by his elder brother. Without the benefit of cross-examination, I found
the Wife’s contention (at para 5 of her affidavit dated 6 January 2012) that
the 53 pieces had been purchased in Macau by the parties with their savings to
be more credible. The 53 pieces thus constituted part of the pool of
matrimonial assets to be divided.

Division of matrimonial assets

The applicable law

29 The starting point for any division of matrimonial assets is s 112(1) of
the Charter which empowers the court to make a division in such proportions as
the court deems “just and equitable”. Section 112(2) of the Charter provides a
list of factors which a court is required to take into consideration in
determining how the matrimonial assets are to be divided. The relevant factors
in this case are:

(a) the extent of the contributions made by each party in money, property or
work towards acquiring, improving or maintaining the matrimonial assets;

(b) the extent of the contributions made by each party to the welfare of the
family, including looking after the home or caring for the family;

(c) any period of rent-free occupation or other benefit enjoyed by one party
in the matrimonial home to the exclusion of the other party;

(d) the giving of assistance or support by one party to the other party
(whether or not of a material kind), including the giving of assistance or
support which aids the other party in the carrying on of his or her occupation
or business; and

(e) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

30 In _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 260, the Court of Appeal
stated at [29]:

Finally, it is paramount that courts do not focus merely on a direct and
indirect contributions dichotomy in arriving at a just and equitable division
of matrimonial assets. The various factors enumerated by s 112(2) of the Act,
which are no less important, must be duly assessed and considered as a whole.
At the end of the day, no one factor should be determinative as the court’s
mandate is to come to a just and equitable division of the matrimonial assets
having regard to all the circumstances of the case...

31 In this regard, a party’s direct financial contributions to the acquisition
of any particular matrimonial asset can no longer be primarily determinative
of how it is divided, and the court is free to give as much weight or more to
other non-financial factors: _Yow Mee Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659
at [32]. The importance of giving the fullest effect to non-financial
contributions has been stressed repeatedly in case law, for example in _Lock
Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 at [55].

32 The court has to adopt a broad brush approach in deciding what would be a
just and equitable division in all the circumstances of a case. This is an
exercise largely based on feel and the court’s sense of justice, and the court
is not expected to make an exact calculation of each spouse’s contributions,
whether financial or non-financial: _Yeo Chong Lin_ (cited at [19] above) at
[78] and [81].

Application of the law to the facts

33 I did not accept the Husband’s contention that he was financially supported
by his late brother in the UK because it was a bare allegation that was
contradicted by his handwritten letters to the Wife in 1975 which showed that
he was finding it hard to make ends meet (see pages 7–41 of the Wife’s third
affidavit filed on 9 January 2012). The Husband tried several times to
persuade the Wife to sell her car and HDB flat and travel to the UK to be with
him. He promised to marry her after she arrived in the UK. In the
circumstances, I did not accept that the Husband had not relied on the sale
proceeds of the car and HDB flat at all. There was no doubt that the Husband
had little savings when the parties met at NU (before the Husband left for
further studies in 1975) because he was a student whereas the Wife had some
savings of her own having worked for 10 years as a clerk (see para 18 of the
Wife’s second affidavit filed 28 November 2011). Furthermore, the Husband’s
contention that the Wife had followed him to the UK because she wanted to
escape from her failed marriage and that she treated him as a lifebuoy was
undermined by the letters exhibited in the Wife’s third affidavit, including a
letter dated 20 July stating that she did not wish to go to the UK (see page
19 of the Wife’s third affidavit).

34 I accepted the Wife’s contention that while the parties were in Leeds she
was earning some income distributing flyers, sorting vegetables in a factory,
and waiting on tables at a Chinese restaurant. Her income had provided
substantially for the parties’ expenses while the Husband was still studying.
When the parties were in Macau and the Husband was gainfully employed, the
Wife continued to earn some income from flower arrangements and the sale of
clothes. She deposited all her earnings into the parties’ joint account which
was _de facto_ controlled by the Husband. In terms of indirect contributions
to the marriage, I accepted that the Wife had made some indirect contributions
in terms of doing the household chores in Leeds and Macau. The Wife’s version
of events was corroborated to some extent by the affidavits filed by her
friends Foong Poon Wai and Chin Siaw Khim and godsister Seah Suat Eng.

35 The Husband’s credibility in this regard was damaged by the fact that it
was only in his third affidavit dated 11 January 2012 (at paras 57–60 thereof)
that he admitted that the Wife had worked in the UK, but asserted that she did
so only in order to buy an air ticket back to Singapore. This assertion came
late in the day despite the fact that the Wife had from the very beginning
asserted her direct financial contributions to the marriage in the UK (see
para 17(b) of her first affidavit). Furthermore, this late assertion did not
sit well with the Husband’s earlier contention in his second affidavit (at
para 26) that the Wife did not work in the UK to support him and that she
always scolded him for not giving her money.

36 I did not believe the Husband’s allegation that there was a history of
family violence committed by the Wife against him in that he had been
subjected to physical and verbal abuse after the parties returned to Singapore
in 1993. There was no evidence to support his allegation. In particular, his
allegation that the Wife had nearly chopped off his finger in 1993 was rather
fanciful given that he did not produce a medical report, doctor’s note or
payment receipt even though he had sought medical treatment for his injured
finger (see para 15 of the Husband’s second affidavit dated 28 November 2011).
The lack of any documentary evidence was also telling in relation to his
allegation that the Wife beat him with a bamboo stick almost every day in late
1999. Although the Husband stated that he visited a doctor in October 1999, he
did not provide any medical reports or notes arising from this visit to
establish that the alleged minor injury to his spine was due to physical abuse
and not other causes. In addition, such serious allegations of family violence
were not stated in the Husband’s first affidavit when they could have been;
they were instead made in his second affidavit in response to the Wife’s
assertions of her indirect contributions in her first affidavit.

37 On the Husband’s own case, the Wife had abused and beaten him almost every
week throughout the marriage (see para 18(iii) of the Husband’s first
affidavit) and yet he remained with her for more than 20 years until he left
the Shunfu flat in January 2000. There was no plausible reason advanced by him
to explain why he had remained in a marriage with an abusive and violent wife
for more than 20 years, even after he had obtained his PhD and became
financially independent. This was all the more improbable given that,
according to him, he had discovered in Leeds that the Wife had serious
psychological problems, she did not work at all to support the couple, she
often scolded him for not giving her money, and she occasionally locked him
out of their flat in winter (see paras 25–26 of the Husband’s second
affidavit).

38 By contrast, the Wife’s allegations of physical abuse by the Husband were
supported by some evidence. She produced a police report lodged by her in
September 1999 and two hand-written notes from a doctor in September and
October 1999 (see pages 48–52 of the Wife’s first affidavit).

39 I further did not accept the Husband’s allegation that the Wife had taken
away at least $500,000 of his savings between 1979 and 1999. The Husband
provided no evidence that he had the money and that the Wife had taken the
money away. Furthermore, the Husband’s contention that the Wife had withdrawn
the $500,000 “bit by bit over the years” (para 7 of the Husband’s affidavit
dated 11 January 2012) is unlikely to be true given that, on his own version
of events, he was paying the household bills by cheque (para 43 of the same
affidavit) from the joint account (para 6(c) of the Husband’s affidavit dated
5 October 2011). If he had oversight over the joint account, it is difficult
to see why he did not take any steps to prevent the withdrawal of large sums
of money over a span of 20 years, or at the very least from 1993 onwards, when
the Wife had allegedly attacked him with a knife.

40 Having considered all the circumstances of the case including the length of
the marriage, I found the Wife to have contributed significantly to the
welfare of the family particularly in the early years of marriage when the
parties had very little money. It seemed to me that the Husband was short on
gratitude for what the Wife did for him in those early years. The Wife had
been married to him for 25 years, and she should be recognised for her
contributions towards the marriage, even if it was a childless one. I was also
of the opinion that the Husband had not disclosed all his assets. The
Husband’s contention that the down-payment on the AMK flat was funded by a
personal loan from a friend was lacking in particulars and the Husband had
failed to disclose his last-drawn salary in his first affidavit.

41 I accepted the Wife’s contention that all monies earned by her when
teaching flower arrangements or making clothes were deposited into the
parties’ joint bank accounts in Macau and Singapore and that the cheque books
were held solely by the Husband. Thus, some credit had to be given to the Wife
in terms of financial contributions although the bulk of the funds came from
the Husband’s salary.

42 In _Chen Siew Hwee v Low Kee Guan (Wong Yong Yee, co-respondent)_ [2006] 4
SLR(R) 605, the wife in a 17-year childless marriage was awarded 35% of the
matrimonial assets. Her non-financial contributions included looking after the
husband and her in-laws. The husband came from a wealthy family and there was
no evidence that the wife had provided any financial support during the
marriage. By contrast, the Wife in this case had made significant financial
contributions at the outset of the marriage when the parties were poor, and
she continued working and contributing (albeit to a lesser extent) even after
the Husband had obtained his PhD and was gainfully employed.

43 Adopting a broad brush approach, I was of the view that it was just and
equitable that the Wife be awarded 40% of the following assets:

(a) the Shunfu flat;

(b) the 53 pieces of artwork and calligraphy which the Husband had taken away
from the Shunfu flat;

(c) the $60,000 which the Husband withdrew from the parties’ joint POSB
account in late 1999;

(d) the sale proceeds of the Honda car (or, failing proof of the sale, the
market value of the car as at 18 November 1999); and

(e) the balance in his bank accounts amounting to about $140,000 (see [13]
above).

Maintenance

The applicable law

44 Section 113 of the Charter empowers the court to make an order for
maintenance. In making such an order, the court has to consider all the
circumstances of the case, including the factors set out in s 114(1) of the
Charter:

(a) the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future;

(b) the financial needs, obligations and responsibilities which each of the
parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the foreseeable future;

(c) the standard of living enjoyed by the family before the breakdown of the
marriage;

(d) the age of each party to the marriage and the duration of the marriage;

(e) any physical or mental disability of either of the parties to the
marriage; and

(f) the contributions made by each of the parties to the marriage to the
welfare of the family, including any contribution made by looking after the
home or caring for the family.

45 As stated in _BG v BF_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 233 at [75], the power to order
maintenance is exercised in a manner supplementary to the power to divide
matrimonial assets, such that the court takes account of each party's share of
the assets, and the order for maintenance plays a complementary role to the
order for division of the assets. Essentially, the aim is to even out any
financial inequalities between the spouses, taking into account any economic
prejudice suffered by the wife during marriage: _Tan Sue-Ann Melissa v Lim
Siang Bok Dennis_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 376 at [27].

Decision on maintenance

46 The Husband submitted that there should be no maintenance payable to the
Wife, primarily on the basis that he was now 65 years old and had retired from
his job with the NIE in July 2011.

47 The Wife submitted that the Husband was able to earn a reasonable income by
continuing to teach. While he was a highly educated specialist in the Chinese
language who had been a lecturer in various universities all his life, she
only had a secondary education and had not held a full-time job since the
parties’ marriage in 1975. Although she had dabbled in providing services such
as floral arrangements and dressmaking, she had not enjoyed any significant
commercial success and had earned only pocket money. She argued that as a 67
year old, she would have difficulty supporting herself without the Husband’s
financial aid.

48 The Wife submitted that she should be awarded $1,500 monthly for basic
items such as groceries, transport, utilities/telephone/cable, clothes and
newspapers. The Wife’s current monthly expenses amount to $2,465 as disclosed
in her first affidavit dated 11 August 2011. Alternatively, she submitted that
a lump sum should be awarded out of the Husband’s share of the sale proceeds
of the Shunfu flat.

49 The Husband will enjoy the full benefit of the shares (which were worth
about $239,000) and the AMK flat (which was worth at least $600,000), both of
which were not divided. His 60% share of the pool of matrimonial assets which
were divided (see [43] above) amounted to about $984,000 (assuming that the
net sale proceeds of the Shunfu flat were $1.2m, the net sale proceeds of the
53 pieces of artwork and calligraphy were $200,000, and the net sale proceeds
of the car were $40,000). In total, his assets amounted to about $1.823m.

50 The Wife’s 40% share in the assets which I specified above (at [43]) would
be worth about $656,000 (on the same assumption as the previous paragraph). In
the light of the estimated value of the Wife’s share, I was of the view that a
lump sum of $145,000 by way of maintenance would be an equitable amount in the
circumstances. This amounts to about $1,200 per month for 10 years (until the
Wife reaches 77 years old).

51 It was clear from the history of the parties’ relationship that it was
never seriously contemplated that the Wife would pursue a stable career of her
own in order to provide for the parties or for her retirement. It was the
Husband’s income after he received his doctorate that substantially provided
for the parties’ expenses, investments and savings. Having provided
substantial non-financial contributions to the marriage over 20 years (and
limited financial contributions), it would not be right for the Wife to be
left high and dry after the breakdown of the marriage with no retirement
savings of her own, which she could otherwise have accumulated had she
seriously pursued a career of her own. Her liquid assets as disclosed in her
affidavit (excluding her CPF Medisave account balance) amounted to a mere
$3,591.97. By contrast, the Husband had a large amount of capital from which
some maintenance could be paid. Although the shares and the AMK flat were not
part of the division of matrimonial assets which I ordered, their value (of at
least $839,000) was a relevant factor which I took into account in arriving at
my decision on maintenance under s 114(1)(_a_) of the Charter.

* * *

[note: 1]At an exchange rate of US$1 = $1.26

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

