Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Tan Cheng Yew and another appeal  
[2012] SGHC 241

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals No 97 of 2011/01 and 97 of 2011/02  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lee Seiu Kin J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Ken Hwee, Vala Muthupalaniappan and Magdalene Huang
(Attorney-General's Chambers) for the appellant in Magistrate's Appeal No 97
of 2011/01 and the respondent in Magistrate's Appeal No 97 of 2011/02; Michael
Khoo SC and Josephine Low (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the respondent in
Magistrate's Appeal No 97 of 2011/01 and the appellant in Magistrate's Appeal
No 97 of 2011/02.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Tan Cheng Yew  
  
30 November 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Lee Seiu Kin J:

1 Tan Cheng Yew (“TCY”) was charged with six charges under the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed) (the “Penal Code”). He faced three charges of criminal
breach of trust (“CBT”) under s 409 of the Penal Code (hereafter denoted as
either “s 409” or “our s 409”, as may be appropriate to the context) and three
charges of cheating under s 420 of the Penal Code (“s 420”). Two of the
charges under s 409 and s 420 were stood down. TCY claimed trial to the
following charges (“the four charges”):

(a) Between 30 July 2001 and September 2001, in Singapore, TCY did commit CBT
in the way of his business as an attorney, in that he, being at the material
time a practising advocate and solicitor and in such capacity was entrusted
with dominion over property, namely a sum of S$1,500,000 belonging to one Tan
Kwee Khoon (“Tommy Tan”), Tan Kwee Boon, Tan Kwee Beng, Tan Kwee Lian and Soh
Keng Ngoh (collectively “the Tan Family”), did convert to his own use the said
sum of S$1,500,000, by causing it to be pledged as a security for a personal
loan facility from DBS Bank to him and TCY had thereby committed an offence
punishable under s 409 (“the First Charge”).

(b) Between January and February 2002, in Singapore, TCY did cheat one Tommy
Tan by deceiving him into believing that it was a legal requirement in loan
agreements for the borrowers to repay the lender in the first year of the
loan, which representation TCY knew to be false, and he thereby dishonestly
induced Tommy Tan into delivering a sum of S$480,000 to him, which act he
would not have done if he were not so deceived, and TCY had thereby committed
an offence punishable under s 420 (“the Second Charge”).

(c) Between March 2001 and June 2001, TCY did commit criminal breach of trust
in the way of his business as an attorney, in that he, being at the material
time a practising advocate and solicitor and in such capacity was entrusted
with dominion over property, namely a sum of S$1,940,724.97 belonging to the
Tan Family, did convert to his own use the said sum of S$1,940,724.97, by
retaining it in his Standard Chartered Bank (SCB) and Post Office Savings Bank
(POSB) accounts and subsequently using them for his own purposes, and TCY had
thereby committed an offence punishable under s 409 (“the Third Charge”).

(d) Sometime in May 2002, TCY did cheat one Tommy Tan, by deceiving him into
believing that he would invest the sum of S$900,000.00 with an Australian bank
on behalf of the Tan Family and that he would by reason of the said investment
be in a better position to negotiate a better interest rate with the
Australian bank, which representations TCY knew to be false, and he thereby
dishonestly induced Tommy Tan into delivering a sum of S$900,000.00 to him,
which act he would not have done if he were not so deceived, and TCY had
thereby committed an offence punishable under s 420 (“the Fourth Charge”).

The First Charge and Third Charge will be collectively referred to as the “s
409 charges” or the “amended s 409 charges” as appropriate, and the Second
Charge and the Fourth Charge will be collectively referred to as the “s 420
charges”.

2 At the end of the trial, the trial judge (“the DJ”) convicted TCY on all
four charges (see _Public Prosecutor v Tan Cheng Yew_ [2011] SGDC 268 (“the
Judgment”)). She then imposed the following sentences:

Charge |  Sentence  
---|---  
The First Charge |  Five years’ imprisonment  
The Second Charge |  Three years’ imprisonment (concurrently with the sentence for the First Charge)  
The Third Charge |  Five years’ imprisonment (concurrently with the sentence for the First Charge)  
The Fourth Charge |  Four years’ imprisonment (consecutively with the sentence for the First Charge)  
|  Total: Nine years’ imprisonment  
  
  

The sentences were backdated to 22 October 2009, _ie_ , the date of TCY’s
extradition to Singapore (see below at [13]).

3 Magistrate’s Appeal No 97 of 2011/02 (“MA 97/2011/02”) is TCY’s appeal
against his conviction on each of the four charges. Magistrate’s Appeal No 97
of 2011/01 (“MA 97/2011/01”) is the prosecution’s appeal against the sentences
imposed on each of the four charges.

Facts

4 The following facts are undisputed.

Background to the charges

5 Tommy Tan was the first witness for the prosecution in the trial below. His
father, one Tan Siew Seng, passed away in 1999. At the trial below, Tommy Tan
was described by witnesses as immature, naive, inexperienced, trusting, and
“not a details person” (Judgment at [163]). Tommy Tan was around 29 years of
age at the material time.

6 The four charges against TCY arose from two main transactions following the
death of Tan Siew Seng:

(a) The loan to the Central Christian Church (“CCC”), of which Tommy Tan and
his family (“the Tan Family”) were members, so as to enable CCC to buy land to
build a church.

(b) The sale of some shares in Poh Lian Holdings Limited (“Poh Lian”).

7 Renganathan Shankar (“Shankar”), an advocate and solicitor practising in the
firm of Shankar, Nandwani & Partners at the material time, acted for CCC.
Shankar also acted for Tommy Tan and his mother in Tan Siew Seng’s estate
matter. Shankar introduced TCY to Tommy Tan for the purpose of obtaining
independent legal advice in the matter of the loan to CCC.

8 TCY was an advocate and solicitor in Singapore, practising in the firm of
Tan Cheng Yew & Partners. In 2001, Tan Cheng Yew & Partners merged with Tan
JinHwee, Eunice & Lim ChooEng (“Tan & Lim”). Following TCY’s introduction to
Tommy Tan, TCY became the Tan Family’s lawyer and dealt with all their legal
matters.

9 At the trial below, the prosecution tendered an agreed statement of facts
which provided as follows:

(a) In respect of the First Charge, Shankar, Nandwani & Partners, acting for
CCC, had forwarded a cheque for S$1.5m to TCY on 30 July 2001. TCY deposited
this cheque into his Development Bank of Singapore (“DBS”) fixed deposit
account on 7 August 2001.

(b) In respect of the Second Charge, Tommy Tan had issued a DBS cheque dated 5
February 2002 for the sum of S$480,000 to TCY. TCY deposited it into his POSB
account.

(c) In respect of the Third Charge, Tommy Tan had, on behalf of the Tan
Family, entered into a memorandum dated 24 December 2000 (“Memorandum 1”) with
Tan Cheng Yew & Partners, appointing TCY to negotiate the sale of 24 million
shares in Poh Lian (the “Poh Lian shares”). Pursuant to Memorandum 1, the Poh
Lian shares were transferred to TCY. TCY subsequently sold nine million of the
Poh Lian shares and received a sum of S$1,940,724.97 from the sale. He
deposited S$1,646,663.46 into his SCB account and the balance of S$294,061.51
into his POSB account.

(d) In respect of the Fourth Charge, TCY signed a deed of trust on 25 May 2002
(“the Deed of Trust”)[note: 1] wherein he acknowledged that he was holding
A$3m (comprising S$1,940,724.97 being the proceeds of the sale of the Poh Lian
shares (see above at [9(c)]) and a sum of S$900,000) on behalf of the Tan
Family for the purpose of investing the moneys with an Australian bank. Tommy
Tan then issued a DBS bank cheque for S$900,000 to TCY who deposited it into
his fixed deposit account. This S$900,000 forms the subject-matter of the
Fourth Charge.

Background to the extradition

10 TCY left Singapore in 2003 and was untraced for some six years. On 2 June
2009, he was arrested at Munich Airport in Germany, pursuant to a warrant of
arrest (WA-005536-03) issued by a Magistrate in Singapore on 28 November 2006
(the “Arrest Warrant”). The Arrest Warrant provided that TCY faced five
charges: one charge under s 409 and four charges under s 420.

11 As TCY resisted extradition, extradition proceedings were commenced against
him in Munich pursuant to a request for extradition made by Mr K Shanmugam,
the Minister for Law, dated 6 July 2009 (the “Requisition”). Unlike the Arrest
Warrant, the Requisition provided that TCY was charged with six charges: four
charges under s 409 and two charges under s 420.

12 On 21 August 2009, the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany allowed the
extradition of TCY to Singapore (the “Extradition Order”). TCY returned to
Singapore on 22 October 2009.

The proceedings below

Preliminary objections based on extradition-related issues

13 Prior to the commencement of the trial, the defence raised a preliminary
objection based on extradition-related issues. Counsel for TCY, Mr Michael
Khoo (“Mr Khoo”) first argued that TCY had been extradited on the basis of the
Arrest Warrant and not the Requisition. For the sake of clarity, the
differences between the Arrest Warrant and the Requisition are presented in
table form below:

|  Arrest Warrant |  Requisition  
---|---|---  
No of s 409 charges |  One |  Four  
No of s 420 charges |  Four |  Two  
Total no of charges |  Five |  Six  
  
  

According to Mr Khoo, the prosecution was not entitled to prosecute TCY on six
charges instead of only the five charges listed in the Arrest Warrant.

14 Mr Khoo’s second objection was based on the speciality rule under s 17 of
the Extradition Act (Cap 103, 2000 Rev Ed) (the “Extradition Act”). He
contended that the increase in the number of charges and the amendment of the
charges breached the speciality rule.

15 The prosecution’s case was that the extradition had taken place pursuant to
the Requisition and not the Arrest Warrant. The prosecution then sought
further amendments of the four charges that they were proceeding on and
contended that these amendments should be allowed as they were in accordance
with s 17 of the Extradition Act (hereafter referred to as “s 17” or “our s
17”, as appropriate to the context).

16 The DJ found that the preliminary objections were misconceived as the
appropriate forum to raise such objections would have been the German Courts.
In the light of the provisions for extradition between Singapore and Germany
(the “Singapore-Germany Extradition Treaty”), the DJ found that it was not
proper for her to go behind the Extradition Order (Judgment at [7]). The DJ
then held that the amendments made to the charges arose “broadly out of the
same facts” on which the Requisition was made and thus satisfied s 17
(Judgment at [8]–[9]). Further, no prejudice was occasioned to TCY by the
amendments to the charges and the speciality rule was not breached (Judgment
at [9]).

The submission of “no case to answer”

17 At the close of the case for the prosecution, Mr Khoo made a submission of
“no case to answer” on the ground that the prosecution had failed to establish
a _prima facie_ case against TCY on each of the four charges. Mr Khoo argued
that the s 409 charges were fatally flawed as the term “attorney” in s 409
meant a person who was “delegated to do something in the absence of the
appointer” and thus did _not_ include an advocate and solicitor (see the
Judgment at [48]). Even if “attorney” did include an advocate and solicitor,
Mr Khoo submitted that the moneys in the s 409 charges were entrusted to TCY
in his _personal_ capacity and not in his capacity as an advocate and
solicitor. In respect of the First Charge, Mr Khoo further submitted that TCY
could not be said to have committed CBT _against the Tan Family_ as the S$1.5m
no longer belonged to the Tan Family at the time it was entrusted to TCY,
given that it had been loaned to CCC. Moreover, Mr Khoo stressed that the
cheque for the S$1.5m from Shankar, Nandwani & Partners was made out to TCY
and not Tan Cheng Yew & Partners, _ie_ , the cheque was made to TCY in his
personal capacity and not in his capacity as an advocate or solicitor. As
regards the Second Charge, Mr Khoo contended that Tommy Tan’s evidence was
inherently incredible. As regards the Fourth Charge, Mr Khoo submitted that
the prosecution had changed the character and nature of the offence committed
by TCY by amending it from a charge under s 409 to a charge under s 420.

18 Against this, the prosecution argued that “attorney” in s 409 covered an
advocate and solicitor. The prosecution further submitted that, on the
evidence, there was entrustment to TCY of the sums referred to in the s 409
charges in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor. The
prosecution also referred to TCY’s admission that he had converted the
misappropriated sums to his own use by using them to settle his gambling
debts. With regard to the s 420 charges, the prosecution submitted that there
was evidence that TCY had deceived Tommy Tan to give him the sums of S$480,000
and S$900,000 as indicated in the respective charges. The prosecution thus
urged the court to call on TCY to enter his defence to all four charges.

Decision below

19 The DJ agreed with the prosecution that “attorney” in s 409 included an
advocate and solicitor (Judgment at [55]). She then noted that while TCY
disputed the _circumstances_ under which the moneys mentioned in the four
charges had been given to him, he had _not_ disputed that the moneys were
given to him (Judgment at [57]). There was thus nothing inherently incredible
about the evidence presented by the prosecution, and under the test in _Haw
Tua Tau and others v Public Prosecutor_ [1981-1982] SLR(R) 133, the DJ found
that there was a case for the defence to answer at the close of the
prosecution’s case and called on TCY to enter his defence (Judgment at [57]
and [60]).

20 After the DJ had heard TCY’s defence, she gave her judgment. She noted that
TCY had admitted to receiving the respective sums that formed the basis of the
four charges, and that he had not made any restitution to Tommy Tan nor any
member of the Tan Family (Judgment at [94]).

21 On the First Charge, the DJ noted that the parties had agreed that the Tan
Family had decided to give an interest-free loan of S$1.5m to CCC and that
this sum would be held by TCY as a trustee. TCY had admitted to using the
S$1.5m for his own purposes. The following findings were made in support of
the holding that TCY was guilty on the First Charge:

(a) the S$1.5m belonged to the Tan Family and not CCC at the material time
(Judgment at [100]);

(b) TCY had held the S$1.5m on trust in his capacity as an advocate and
solicitor and not in his personal capacity (Judgment at [112]);

(c) Tommy Tan and Shankar did not consent or acquiesce to TCY pledging the
S$1.5m as security for his personal credit facility with DBS (Judgment at
[122]);

(d) TCY had converted the S$1.5m to his own use by pledging the money as
security for his personal credit facility with DBS (Judgment at [123]); and

(e) the purported document of authorisation on which TCY relied to prove that
Tommy Tan had indemnified him and authorised him to pledge the S$1.5m as
collateral for a credit facility then to use the moneys in the credit facility
to buy equity linked notes with Venture Corporation (“Venture linked notes”)
was of dubious authenticity and did not advance any defence for TCY (Judgment
at [133]).

22 On the Second Charge, the DJ noted that Tommy Tan had, on 5 February 2002,
given a DBS cheque in the sum of S$480,000 to TCY. TCY deposited the cheque
into his POSB account on 6 February 2002. The DJ made the following findings
in support of her holding that TCY was guilty on the Second Charge:

(a) in early 2002, TCY had told Tommy Tan that it was a legal requirement for
CCC, as the borrower of the loan, to make repayment within the first two years
of the loan period. TCY then told Tommy Tan to give him the sum of S$480,000
to make it appear as if CCC had made the payment. Tommy Tan made the payment
of S$480,000 to TCY because he had believed TCY’s representations and did not
want to burden CCC with repayment for the first two years (Judgment at [134]);
and

(b) critically, regardless of TCY’s explanations as to why the S$480,000 was
paid to him, he had admitted that he did deceive Tommy Tan to get the
S$480,000. He had made representations which he knew to be false to
dishonestly induce Tommy Tan to give him the S$480,000. What TCY disputed was
merely the mode of deception (Judgment at [143]–[144]).

23 On the Third Charge, the DJ noted that the sum of S$1,940,724.97 was the
proceeds from the sale of nine million of the Poh Lian shares. TCY had
received this sum and deposited it into his SCB and POSB accounts. He then
signed the Deed of Trust in which he acknowledged holding A$3m for the purpose
of investing the moneys with an Australian bank. This A$3m comprised the
S$1,940,724.97 and a sum of S$900,000, the subject matter of the Fourth
Charge. The DJ made the following findings in support of her holding that TCY
was guilty on the Third Charge:

(a) when Tommy Tan’s negotiations with Poh Lian management regarding the sale
of the Poh Lian shares failed, TCY told Tommy Tan that he had ready buyers for
the same. Tommy Tan believed TCY and transferred the Poh Lian shares to TCY
for their sale (Judgment at [146]);

(b) as the transfer of the Poh Lian shares from Tommy Tan to TCY was done
pursuant to Memorandum 1 which provided that Tommy Tan “authorize M/s Tan
Cheng Yew & Partners to negotiate the sale of all shares in Poh Lian Holdings
Limited”,[note: 2] TCY was authorised to act in his professional capacity as
an advocate and solicitor and not in his personal capacity (Judgment at
[148]);

(c) TCY’s subsequent course of conduct was conclusive to prove that he had
been acting in his professional capacity (Judgment at [149]);

(d) when TCY deposited the S$1,940,724.97 into his SCB and POSB accounts,
intending to use it for his own purposes, he was acting dishonestly (Judgment
at [154]); and

(e) TCY’s claim that he intended to repay the S$1,940,724.97 to the Tan Family
was not an acceptable defence (see the Judgment at [154]).

24 On the Fourth Charge, the DJ noted that TCY had admitted to receiving the
sum of S$900,000 from Tommy Tan when Tommy Tan gave him a DBS cheque dated 28
May 2002. The DJ made the following findings in support of her holding that
TCY was guilty on the Fourth Charge:

(a) TCY had requested the S$900,000 by saying that with this additional sum
(to make up A$3m) he would be in a better position to negotiate more
favourable interest rates with the Australian bank. Tommy Tan had believed
what TCY told him (Judgment at [155]);

(b) TCY’s representations to Tommy Tan in the preceding subparagraph had been
operative in Tommy Tan’s mind instead of the Deed of Trust (Judgment at
[160]); and

(c) the Deed of Trust did not exonerate TCY from his deceptive representations
regarding the S$900,000 nor his breach of trust regarding the S$1,940,724.97
(Judgment at [162]).

Issues on appeal

25 The issues raised on appeal fall broadly into three categories. Firstly,
the extradition-related issues. Secondly, issues relating to the merits of
TCY’s appeal against conviction. Thirdly, issues relating to the prosecution’s
appeal against sentence.

26 The extradition-related issues are as follows:

(a) the basis of TCY’s extradition from Germany to Singapore (“Issue 1”); and

(b) whether there was a breach of the speciality rule (“Issue 2”):

(i) in particular, the interpretation of s 17(_a_); and

(ii) whether the initial charges and subsequent amendments fell within the
scope of s 17(_a_).

27 The issues that go the merits of TCY’s appeal against conviction are as
follows:

(a) whether the term “attorney” in s 409 encompasses advocates and solicitors
(“Issue 3”);

(b) if Issue 3 is answered in the positive, whether, on the facts, TCY
committed CBT in way of his business as an advocate and solicitor in respect
of the s 409 charges (“Issue 4”); and

(c) whether, on the facts, the elements of s 420 were satisfied for the s 420
charges (“Issue 5”).

28 The issue that relates to the prosecution’s appeal against sentence is
whether the sentence imposed on TCY was manifestly inadequate (“Issue 6”).

Analysis and decision

Issue 1: the basis of TCY’s extradition from Germany to Singapore

29 As noted above (at [100]), the Arrest Warrant was issued on 28 November
2006. The Arrest Warrant was in the following terms:

Whereas TAN CHENG YEW NRIC No. [XXX]

...

stands charged with the offence of:

Section 409 of the Penal Code Chapter 224

Section 420 of the Penal Code Chapter 224(4 counts)

The Arrest Warrant did not provide the particulars of each charge.

30 As noted above (at [11]), the Requisition was subsequently made on 6 July
2009. The Requisition provides as follows:

I, K SHANMUGAM, Minister for Law for the Republic of Singapore, HEREBY REQUEST
that the appropriate steps be taken for the surrender to Singapore of TAN
Cheng Yew now under arrest in Germany together with any property or thing
seized from or in the possession of the said TAN Cheng Yew in relation to the
offences for which he has been accused of.

The said TAN Cheng Yew is accused in Singapore of the following offences:-

i)four charges of Criminal Breach of Trust in his capacity as an attorney or
agent punishable under Section 409 of the Penal Code, (Chapter 224), 1985
Revised Edition of the Statutes of the Republic of Singapore (“the Penal
Code”); and

ii)two charges of Cheating punishable under Section 420 of the Penal Code.

I am advised that the said offences are extradition crimes for the purposes of
the Extradition Treaty of 14th May 1872 between the United Kingdom and Germany
for the Mutual Surrender of Fugitive Criminals as extended to Singapore and
which was amended by the Agreement of the 23rd of February 1960 between the
Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the
Government of the Federal Republic of Germany for the Extradition of Fugitive
Criminals the continuance in force of which was confirmed by the Exchange of
Notes of 5th February 1974 and 21st March 1974 ...

The Requisition was accompanied by a copy of the Arrest Warrant, a set of
statement of facts (“Statement of Facts”) and depositions containing the facts
upon which the Requisition was based.

Record of the German extradition proceedings

31 Prior to the commencement of the trial below, the only record of the
extradition from Germany was a _Note Verbale_ issued by the German Ministry of
Foreign Affairs to the Embassy of The Republic of Singapore in Berlin dated 1
October 2009 (the “First _Note Verbale_ ”).[note: 3] The translated First
_Note Verbale_ states:

... the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany has authorized the
extradition of Malaysian citizen Chen Yew Fan [sic], born on 18th March, 1968
in Jaya/Malaysia, _for the purpose of prosecution as per the detention order
of the Subordinate court of Singapore issued on 28th November, 2006, Gz WA
00536.06, for the listed offences_ , from Germany to Singapore. [emphasis
added]

32 The prosecution subsequently obtained a Resolution of the Higher Regional
Court of Munich dated 24 November 2010 (the “Third Resolution”). The pertinent
portion of the translated Third Resolution is as follows:[note: 4]

The resolution of the Division of 21 August 2009 concerning the admissibility
of the extradition of the persecutee to the Singapore authorities also
comprises the “6th charge” depicted in the resolution of the Division of 05
August 2009.

The Higher Regional Court of Munich further observed that:[note: 5]

The Division points out that the extradition is not declared admissible
regarding the penal provision mentioned by the requesting state, but rather
regarding the described circumstances to which, by the court of the requesting
state, hence also a different penal provision than the originally mentioned
one can be applied.

33 The position that TCY could be prosecuted for the sixth charge stated in
the Requisition was reiterated by another _Note Verbale_ from the German
Federal Foreign Office dated 21 December 2010 (the “Second _Note Verbale_ ”),
which states as follows:[note: 6]

The Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs has the honour to refer to its _Note
Verbale_ of 1 October 2009 and would like to add the following clarification:
The government of the Federal Republic of Germany approved the extradition of
Cheng Yew Tan, Malaysian national, born on 18 March 1968 in Jaya/Malaysia, for
the purpose of criminal prosecution, and also due to the criminal offences
listed under the sixth count of indictment in the Singapore extradition
documents.

34 A letter from Dr Robert Schnabl, the Senior Prosecutor in Munich, dated 8
December 2010 (the “German Prosecutor’s Letter”) confirmed that the
extradition was declared admissible pursuant to the described factual
circumstances and not the specific charges. There was therefore no objection
to any amendment of the charges provided that they arose out of the same
factual circumstances.[note: 7]

35 A resolution of the Federal Constitutional Court of Germany dated 17
September 2009 further dismissed a complaint that the proposed extradition
would violate TCY’s constitutional rights on the basis of certain elements of
the criminal justice system in Singapore.

36 During the course of the hearing of the present appeal, the prosecution
obtained copies of two earlier resolutions of the Higher Regional Court of
Munich dated 6 August 2009 (the “First Resolution”) and 24 August 2009 (the
“Second Resolution”) respectively.

37 The First Resolution provided that the Arrest Warrant would be taken as the
basis for the extradition, but acknowledged receipt of the Requisition and
recounted the facts of the four counts of CBT under s 409 and two counts of
cheating under s 420 as set out in the Statement of Facts. The Higher Regional
Court of Munich then concluded that the extradition was to be put on hold as
TCY had yet to be informed of the relevant extradition documents.

38 The Second Resolution stated that TCY had been heard before a judge on 11
August 2009 and had objected to his extradition on grounds of _ordre public_
and breach of the principles of fair trial. These arguments were rejected by
the Higher Regional Court of Munich, which resolved that extradition to
Singapore was permissible. The Second Resolution, however, made reference to
extradition on the basis of the criminal offences mentioned in the Arrest
Warrant, instead of those set out in the Requisition.

Scope of the extradition

39 Deputy Public Prosecutor Tan Ken Hwee (“Mr Tan”) argued that TCY’s
extradition was based on the six charges specified in the Requisition, and
that this was supported by confirmation from the executive arm of Germany. Mr
Khoo submitted that the First _Note Verbale_ , which referred only to the five
charges in the Arrest Warrant, must be the most accurate record of the
extradition proceedings, and that the post trial communication with the
Government of Germany or German Prosecutor, was of “dubious value”.

40 I accept the prosecution’s position and do not see any reason to question
the veracity of the contents in the Second _Note Verbale_. Extradition is an
act involving the exercise of sovereign power – albeit in compliance with any
domestic internal laws governing procedures – and the executive is therefore
given the prerogative to determine the scope and conditions of extradition. I
do not think that this court is in a position to go behind the discretion
exercised by the executive of another country, and without further evidence, I
have to take the Second _Note Verbale_ on its face value and accept that the
_latest_ clarification of the position of the Government of Germany is that
TCY was in fact extradited on the basis of the six charges listed in the
Requisition. Mr Khoo had no grounds for challenging the veracity of the
_contents_ of the Second _Note Verbale_ apart from asserting that the position
taken there differed from that in the First _Note Verbale_.

41 I would note, for completeness, that an ancillary issue may possibly arise
here, _viz_ , whether the executive arm of the requested state may, after the
individual has been rendered to the requesting state, give consent for
additional offences to be included within the scope of the extradition. In the
absence of full argument on this point, and although Mr Khoo expressly stated
that he did not concede this point, I do not see any objection in principle or
why this would offend against the fundamental concepts of extradition law if
extradition is ultimately a sovereign act. For the purposes of the present
appeal however, the Second _Note Verbale_ only purported to make a
_clarification_ on the Government of Germany’s position based on the original
Requisition, not to accede to the addition of an offence that was not
originally listed in the Requisition. The only question was whether TCY’s
extradition was admitted on the basis of the six charges listed in the
Requisition or the five charges listed in the Arrest Warrant, and based on the
Second _Note Verbale_ , I conclude that it is the former.

42 On an assessment of the totality of the documents adduced as evidence
before me, I am further satisfied that the extradition was made on the basis
of the factual circumstances set out in the Statement of Facts accompanying
the Requisition, and not the charges set out in the Arrest Warrant. This was
the position taken by the executive and judicial arms of Germany in the German
Prosecutor’s Letter and the Third Resolution respectively, and Mr Khoo has not
disputed this.

Issue 2: whether there was a breach of the speciality rule

43 The speciality rule is expressed succinctly in Alun Jones and Anand Doobay,
_Jones & Doobay on Extradition and Mutual Assistance_ (Sweet & Maxwell, Third
Ed, 2005) at para 2-001:

... _speciality_ ; a person shall be tried or punished, after extradition,
only for the criminal conduct for which his surrender has been made, unless
the requested state, after surrender, gives consent to further trial or
punishment. ...

44 Mr Khoo’s first point was that there had been a breach of the speciality
rule, and he raised two broad speciality arguments. Firstly, that the
extradition was on the basis of the five charges – one charge of CBT under s
409 and four charges of cheating under s 420 – listed in the Arrest Warrant.
He thus argued that the prosecution was in breach of the speciality rule by
prosecuting TCY on three charges under s 409 and three charges under s 420.
Secondly, the prosecution was not entitled, under the speciality principle, to
amend the Fourth Charge from an offence under s 409 to an offence under s 420
as the latter was an offence of a completely different genre.

45 In response, Mr Tan submitted that the German executive and judiciary had
confirmed that there was no significance in the discrepancy between the five
charges listed in the Arrest Warrant and the six charges listed in the
Requisition, and there was therefore no breach of the speciality rule. Mr Tan
also argued that the amendment of the Fourth Charge was permissible under the
speciality rule embodied in s 17, as the amended charge under s 420 was an
“offence of which [TCY] could be convicted upon proof of the facts on which
that requisition was based”. In any event, even if there had been a breach of
the Singapore-Germany Extradition Treaty, the obligations were owed only to
Germany on the plane of international law, and the appropriate entity to raise
the breach would be Germany, not TCY. There had been no such protest by
Germany.

Jurisdiction to consider whether the speciality rule had been violated

46 After hearing arguments on Mr Khoo’s preliminary objections to prosecution
on the basis that the speciality rule had been breached, the DJ arrived at the
following conclusion (Judgment at [7]):

_I was of the view that the preliminary objections of the defence with regard
to the extradition proceedings were misconceived as the appropriate forum for
them to have been raised would have been in the German courts._ In the light
of the Singapore-Germany Extradition treaty, I agreed with the prosecution
that the German authorities would not have made the extradition order
surrendering the accused unless they were satisfied with the requisition of
the Minister for Law of the 6th of July, 2009 and that his undertakings were
in accordance with the said treaty. _It was neither incumbent nor proper for
me to go behind the extradition order. Matters relating to this were not
relevant to the present proceedings._ Suffice to add that the Minister’s
requisition would have been the determining factor for the German court to
rely on in deciding the extradition issue. [emphasis added]

47 To the extent that the DJ was concerned with challenges to the legality of
the extradition proceedings in Germany, she was correct to consider that the
Singapore courts were not the proper forum for adjudication. However the DJ
had jurisdiction to consider Mr Khoo’s objections that the subsequent
prosecution in Singapore violated the speciality rule.

48 Under s 17 of the Extradition Act, a person who has been extradited from a
foreign State “ _shall not_ , unless he has been returned, or has had an
opportunity of returning, to that foreign State” be detained or tried for a
particular offence unless certain condition precedents have been met. In other
words, s 17 prohibits the trial of any person on a criminal charge that does
not comply with the conditions prescribed therein. Therefore if this issue is
raised by the defence in any criminal trial, the judge must examine the charge
and the circumstances under which it is brought to ensure that the trial is
not prohibited by s 17.

49 I now turn to consider the scope of the speciality rule.

The speciality principle under the Extradition Act

50 Section 17 provides as follows:

**Person surrendered by foreign State in respect of an offence not to be
prosecuted or detained for other offences**

**17**. Where a person accused or convicted of an extraditable crime is
surrendered by a foreign State, the person shall not, unless he has been
returned, or has had an opportunity of returning, to that foreign State —

(_a_) be detained or tried in Singapore for any offence that is alleged to
have been committed, or was committed, before his surrender other than the
offence to which the requisition for his surrender relates or any other
offence of which he could be convicted upon proof of the facts on which that
requisition was based; or

(_b_) be detained in Singapore for the purpose of his being surrendered to
another country for trial or punishment for any offence that is alleged to
have been committed, or was committed, before his surrender to Singapore other
than an offence of which he could be convicted upon proof of the facts on
which the requisition referred to in paragraph (_a_) was based.

51 Section 17(_a_) sets out two provisos on when an extradited person may be
tried for an offence: the first relates to the narrow offence for which the
requisition for surrender has been made (“the first proviso of s 17(_a_)”),
and the second ostensibly broader limb allows prosecution for an offence for
which the extradited person may be convicted of upon proof of the same facts
on which the requisition was based (“the second proviso of s 17(_a_)”).

The speciality principle under the Singapore-Germany Extradition Treaty

52 Articles I to XIV of the treaty between the United Kingdom and Germany for
the Mutual Surrender of Fugitive Criminals 1872 was extended to Singapore
(with certain modifications) by Article I of an Agreement entered into between
the governments of the United Kingdom and the Federal Republic of Germany on
23 February 1960. The provisions for extradition between Singapore and Germany
are set out in the Second Schedule of the Federal Republic of Germany
(Extradition) Order 1960, the continuance in force of which was confirmed by
an Exchange of Notes dated February 1974 and 21 March 1974 respectively.

53 Article VII of the Singapore-Germany Extradition Treaty (“Art VII”)
provides as follows:

A person surrendered can in no case be kept in prison, or be brought to trial
in the State to which the surrender has been made, _for any other_ crime _or
on account of any other matters_ than those for which the extradition shall
have taken place.

This stipulation does not apply to crimes committed after the extradition.

[emphasis added]

54 Mr Khoo contended that Art VII should be construed _narrowly_ and that the
scope of s 17 was “obviously wider” than Art VII. He submitted that based on a
_prima facie_ reading of Art VII, an extradited individual may _only_ be
prosecuted for the specific crime for which the extradition has taken place;
Art VII thus did not appear to cover situations under the second proviso of s
17(_a_) where a person may be prosecuted for offences that arise from similar
facts upon which the requisition was based. Mr Tan disagreed that the scope of
Art VII was materially different from s 17(_a_).

55 I note that Mr Khoo and Mr Tan only made assertions on the meaning of the
phrase “for any other crime or on account of any other matters” without the
citation of authority or a treatment of the historical context of the
Singapore-Germany Extradition Treaty. It is not, however, necessary for me to
express a definitive view on the construction of this phrase in the light of
my conclusion below on the relationship between Art VII and s 17(_a_).

The interpretation of s 17(a) and the relationship between Art VII and s 17(a)

56 It is trite law that Singapore follows a dualist position. In short,
Singapore’s international law obligations do not give rise to individual
rights and obligations in the domestic context unless and until transposed
into domestic law by legislation, and there is therefore no question of
whether Art VII or s 17(_a_) should “prevail” as they exist on different
planes. It was common ground that Art VII cannot apply directly to
circumscribe the prosecutor’s power to charge an extradited individual;
instead, it is the Extradition Act that gives domestic effect to the entirety
of Singapore’s obligations to other states under the various extradition
treaties Singapore has entered into. Mr Khoo’s position was vaguely qualified
by his submission that the speciality rule in international law operates to
protect the rights of the individual, but I will deal with that argument
separately. Therefore, the narrow question I am concerned with here is the
interpretation of the scope of s 17(_a_) and its relationship with Art VII.

57 Against this, Mr Tan contended that s 17(a) did not admit of any such
ambiguity that would permit the court to read out the second proviso, and also
took the position that Mr Khoo’s argument would result in the wholly untenable
proposition that the interpretation of s 17(a) would differ depending on which
extradition treaty is in question on the immediate facts before the court.

58 Mr Khoo submitted that s 17(a) had to be read so as to give effect to
Singapore’s international obligations under Art VII. Alternatively, he argued
that s 17(a) should be construed with regard to the need for observance of the
comity of nations. In other words, the allegedly wider scope of s 17(a) should
be circumscribed by Art VII. Against this, Mr Tan contended that s 17(a) did
not admit of any such ambiguity that would permit the court to read out the
second provision, and also took the position that Mr Khoo’s argument would
result in the wholly untenable proposition that the interpretation of s 17(a)
would differ depending on which extradition treaty is in question on the
immediate facts before the court.

59 I am not persuaded by Mr Khoo’s argument that the scope of s 17(_a_) can or
should be construed in such a manner that the section is in effect truncated.
The words of s 17(_a_) are not abstruse and should be given their plain and
natural meaning. Even the most generous reading of that provision would not
allow me to strike out the second proviso of s 17(_a_).

60 While I accept Mr Khoo’s submission that the courts should endeavour to
interpret a domestic statute in accordance with the state’s treaty obligations
under international law, this canon of interpretation has defined limits. The
_locus classicus_ is the judgment of Diplock LJ in the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Salomon v Commissioners of Customs & Excise_ [1967] 2 QB 116 at p
143E:

_If the terms of the legislation are clear and unambiguous, they must be given
effect to, whether or not they carry out Her Majesty's treaty obligations, for
the sovereign power of the Queen in Parliament extends to breaking treaties_ …
and any remedy for such a breach of an international obligation lies in a
forum other than Her Majesty's own courts. But if the terms of the legislation
are not clear but are reasonably capable of more than one meaning, the treaty
itself becomes relevant, for there is a prima facie presumption that
Parliament does not intend to act in breach of international law, including
therein specific treaty obligations; and if one of the meanings which can
reasonably be ascribed to the legislation is consonant with the treaty
obligations and another or others are not, the meaning which is consonant is
to be preferred. [emphasis added]

61 Mr Khoo submitted that there were ambiguities in s 17(_a_), _viz_ , the
meanings of the words “requisition” and “any other offence of which he could
be convicted upon proof of the facts on which that requisition was based”.
Even if I were to agree with Mr Khoo that s 17(_a_) has such inherent
ambiguities, I am unable to see how Art VII assists in resolving such
ambiguities. With due respect, Mr Khoo is not inviting this court to _resolve
an ambiguity_ in the words of the statute by preferring one interpretation
over another, but to _ignore_ words because they are purportedly ambiguous.
That cannot be correct.

62 I have three comments to make _apropos_ the decision of _R v Seddon_ [2009]
1 WLR 2342 (“ _Seddon_ ”), which Mr Khoo cited in support of his
interpretation argument and which Mr Tan sought to distinguish. In _Seddon_ ,
the English Court of Appeal construed s 146(3)(_b_) of the Extradition Act
2003 (c 41) (UK) (“the UK Extradition Act 2003”) consistently with the
European Council Framework Decision 2002/584/JHA on extradition (“Framework
Decision”), and concluded that the court had no jurisdiction to deal with a
bail offence when an individual had been extradited for the offence of
blackmail. Firstly, the UK Extradition Act 2003 was enacted for the purpose of
transposing the multilateral Framework Decision and distinguishes between
European and non-European territories. In other words, the interpretation of s
146(3)(_b_) of the UK Extradition Act 2003 – which relates only to European
territories – with reference to the Framework Decision would be consistent in
relation to all cross-border extraditions within the European Union. This is
very different from saying that our Extradition Act should be construed
differently depending on which specific bilateral extradition treaty is in
question. Secondly, the English Court of Appeal was interpreting a phrase that
had potentially more than one meaning, not disregarding the phrase entirely.
Thirdly, the duty of harmonious interpretation of European Union law with
domestic law is an onerous one that potentially goes beyond the common law
canons of interpretation. I therefore do not think that _Seddon_ persuasively
supports Mr Khoo’s case.

63 The older English authorities based on s 19 of the Extradition Act 1870 (c
52) (UK) (“the UK Extradition Act 1870”) – which is _in pari materia_ with our
s 17 – preferred the view that the UK Extradition Act 1870 should be construed
_on its own terms without reference to any bilateral treaty_. In _The King v
Corrigan_ [1931] 1 KB 527, where the defendant’s contention effectively
paralleled Mr Khoo’s argument in the present appeal, the English Court of
Appeal made the _obiter_ observation that a treaty could not abrogate or
dispense with the power to try a person for any extraditable offence that was
proved by the facts on which the surrender of the person was grounded.
Similarly, in _John Pollitt Davidson_ (1977) 64 Cr App R 209, the English
Court of Appeal noted that (at p 212):

So far as extradition into this country is concerned, section 19 [of the UK
Extradition Act 1870] contains in our judgment the only restriction on the
kind of offences for which the extradited person can be subsequently tried …
In our opinion when the question which arises in this case is to be faced by
an English Court, in other words when an English Court has to decide whether
the accused appearing before it following upon extradition can or cannot be
prosecuted in view of the manner in which the extradition was conducted, the
Court is not concerned with the treaty between this country and the country
from which the fugitive is to come, and is even less concerned with any
decision of the exporting Court ordering the return of the fugitive under the
extradition law.

I therefore do not think that the interpretation of our s 17(_a_) may be
circumscribed in the matter contended for by Mr Khoo.

64 Further, I am of the view that even if I were to construe s 17(_a_) with
regard to the principle of comity between nations, this would not support Mr
Khoo’s restrictive interpretation of the provision.

65 Mr Khoo directed my attention to American jurisprudence on the speciality
rule based on comity between nations, discussed in the English High Court
decision of _Welsh and another v Secretary of State for the Home Department_
and another [2007] 1 WLR 1281 (“ _Welsh_ ”). If comity between nations means
something more than the reciprocal obligations assumed by states under
extradition treaties, it must refer to the position that the sending state
takes on the specific extradition and subsequent prosecution of an individual.
As Ouseley J concluded at [37] of _Welsh_ :

The US courts treat the origin and purpose of the specialty rule as _deriving
from the state parties’ interest in extradition, and regard adherence to it as
a matter of international comity and respecting foreign relations embodied in
the treaty arrangements._ The purpose is to protect the sending state against
abuse of its discretionary act of extradition … _That means that the position
of the sending state is regarded as of the highest importance._ [emphasis
added]

66 I observe that the United States of America is a monist jurisdiction. In
monist jurisdictions, ratified treaties are self-executing and automatically
give rise to domestic rights and obligations. The American courts are
therefore considering the interpretation and breach of an extradition treaty
directly to determine if any individual rights have thereby been infringed. In
contrast, the courts of a dualist system are considering the parameters of a
statute governing the state’s obligations _vis-à-vis_ an individual, with the
extradition treaty only tangentially in issue. Therefore, while comity is of
immediate relevance for the former exercise in determining whether there has
been a breach of the international treaty that disables prosecution for an
offence, it is much more equivocal how this principle may apply in the latter,
which concerns a completely different inquiry of whether the prosecution is in
conformity with domestic law.

67 In any event, the application of this principle of interpretation – if it
is one – to s 17(_a_) would undermine rather than support Mr Khoo’s preferred
interpretation of s 17(_a_). On the evidence before me, both the judicial and
executive arms of Germany have confirmed that under their internal law or
procedure, extradition is not based on the particular charge stated in the
requisition but the factual circumstances surrounding the charge. Given the
sending state’s interpretation of the basis of extradition and how she has no
quarrel with the present prosecution, I cannot see how it is necessary for me
to construe s 17(_a_) restrictively in order to give effect to the principle
of comity between nations.

The speciality rule as a principle protecting individual rights

68 Historially, extradition has its roots in the Grotian tradition of
territorial sovereignty. It was – and still is, albeit with the transposition
of treaty obligations – principally conceived as an assertion of the dominium
of the sending state through the exercise of the sovereign prerogative to
surrender fugitives. Before me, Mr Khoo raised a supplementary point that s
17(_a_) should be given a restrictive reading in the light of Art VII as the
speciality rule also extends to protect the individual rights of the fugitive.
Mr Khoo directed me to the following passage in _Seddon_ (at [5]) in support
of his argument:

Historically, extradition was generally achieved through separate bilateral
treaties between states. Commonly the power of the requested state to refuse
extradition in some circumstances was preserved by the terms of such treaties.
To give effect to that practice, the principle evolved that if A requested a
prisoner from B, A would identify the offence for which the prisoner was
wanted, so that B could decide whether there was a sufficient reason to refuse
to surrender him. With that went the practice that if surrendered the prisoner
could only be dealt with for the offence for which he had been sought,
otherwise plainly the surrendering state’s power to refuse would be
circumvented. That principle is called specialty. It has been recognised in
this country by successive statutes dealing with our local rules for
extradition both inward and outward. _The rationale for it may owe something
to the protection of the individual, but it plainly lies principally in the
international obligation between states_. [emphasis added]

69 This is a novel point of law that would have benefited from fuller
argument, but as Mr Khoo did not make further submissions on how an
“individual rights” conception of the speciality rule would affect the
interpretation of s 17(_a_) or whether it would confer some additional free-
standing ground of challenge, I do not consider it necessary for me to express
a concluded opinion. I would nonetheless venture a tentative observation in
this regard that much of the theoretical debate and literature has centred on
the American jurisprudence on _locus standi_ , _ie_ , whether an extradited
person has an independent or derivative right in domestic courts to raise
breaches of speciality provisions in treaties. This debate necessarily arises
because of the self-executing nature of treaties in the United States (see
above at [66]); but in a dualist system, any individual rights that can be
asserted in domestic courts can only derive from implementing legislation. It
is therefore, in my view, a purely academic issue in Singapore whether _the
speciality rule in an extradition treaty_ is additionally premised on the
protection of individual rights insofar as _legally enforceable rights_ are
concerned.

Scope of the speciality rule in Singapore

70 Drawing together the various threads of the analysis above, the only
restriction on prosecution after extradition is contained in s 17(_a_), which
permits prosecution only for an offence to which the requisition relates or to
which the extradited individual could be convicted of upon proof of the facts
on which that requisition was based. On a plain and natural reading of the
words in s 17(_a_), I am therefore unable to accede to Mr Khoo’s submission
that s 17(_a_) only permits prosecution for the same offence for which the
Requisition was made as the words “or any other offence of which he can be
convicted upon proof of the facts on which the requisition was based” clearly
permit prosecution of any other offence so long as it is based on the same
facts.

Was the prosecution on the Second Charge a breach of the speciality rule?

71 The Second Charge under s 420 was the only charge that was not amended
during the proceedings below. In the light of my factual finding above that
the extradition was admissible on the basis of the six offences listed in the
Requisition, the Second Charge was an “offence to which the requisition for
his surrender relates” and the precondition for prosecution under s 17(_a_)
has been satisfied.

Were the subsequent amendments of the First Charge, the Third Charge and
Fourth Charge in breach of the speciality rule?

72 The DJ made the following finding (at [9] of the Judgment):

With regard to the proposed amendments to the 1st, 3rd and the 4th charges, I
observed that in essence they arose broadly out of the same facts on which the
requisition for extradition was made as outlined in the statement of facts
(tab 13 of P7). In respect of the 1st and 3rd charges, they remained as
charges under section 409 of the Penal Code and for the 4th charge, it has now
been reduced to one of cheating under section 420. I regarded it as a
reduction as the accused would now be liable to lighter punishment in
comparison to the original charge under section 409. As such, there would be
no prejudice caused to the accused by the amendment to the 4th charge or for
that matter by the amendments to the 1st and 3rd charges.

73 The s 409 charges were amended from the charges listed in the Requisition,
_ie_ , that TCY committed CBT _in his capacity_ as an attorney (the “original
s 409 charges”) to the present charges that TCY committed CBT _in the way of
his business_ as an attorney.

74 I am unable to agree with Mr Khoo’s submission that the prosecution is
precluded from charging TCY under the first proviso of s 17(_a_) because the
legal ingredients of the original s 409 charges were stated differently and
the two charges were bad in law. Section 17(_a_) only makes reference to “the
_offence_ to which the requisition for [the individual’s] surrender relates”
[emphasis added]. As such, I consider that the first proviso of s 17(_a_) is
satisfied if the extradited person is charged for the same _offence_ under the
Penal Code, even if the precise legal ingredients for the offence as stated in
the requisition are formulated differently at trial.

75 In the absence of detailed legal argument on this point, I see no basis for
reading the word “offence” under s 17(_a_) as requiring a strict
correspondence of legal ingredients between the offence that the extradited
individual is eventually prosecuted for and the original offence specified in
the requisition. The historical rationale behind the speciality rule is
essentially one of reciprocity, _viz_ , the requesting state should not be
allowed to prosecute the extradited individual for an offence that has not
been specified in the request so as to override the requested state’s right to
refuse extradition for particular types of offences. This rationale is not
undermined where the extradited individual is prosecuted for the same offence
– that may be defined in more than one way – albeit with different legal
ingredients. A requisition is often made at a preliminary stage when the
investigating authorities may not be apprised of all the relevant facts that
may affect how the ingredients of the charge should be phrased, and in my
view, s 17(_a_) should not be interpreted in a technical or pedantic manner
such that the extradited person can only be prosecuted for a narrowly specific
offence with the precise legal ingredients stated in the requisition. I
therefore do not consider that the amendment of the original s 409 charges was
a breach of the first proviso of s 17(_a_) as the original s 409 charges in
the Requisition and the amended s 409 charges at trial all proceeded under s
409.

76 I also observe that the amended s 409 charges would, in any event, fall
under the second proviso of s 17(_a_) as an “offence of which [TCY] could be
convicted upon proof of the facts on which [the] requisition was based”. In
relation to the First Charge, the Statement of Facts clearly indicated that
TCY was acting as a lawyer for Tommy Tan and the Tan Family, and had converted
the moneys entrusted to him in his capacity as a lawyer. In relation to the
Third Charge, the facts also indicated a conversion of moneys entrusted to TCY
by Tommy Tan and the Tan Family for the purpose of investment. Both sets of
facts would equally support a charge under s 409 of CBT in the way of TCY’s
business as an attorney.

77 I now turn to consider the Fourth Charge. Mr Khoo submitted that the
amendment of the original Fourth Charge from a charge under s 409 to a charge
under s 420 was a breach of the speciality rule as it did not fall within
either proviso of s 17(_a_). It was argued that even if the second proviso of
s 17(_a_) was applicable, the s 420 offence was not an “offence of which [TCY]
could be convicted upon proof of the facts on which that requisition was
based”. Alternatively, the DJ had erred as a charge of cheating under s 420
was not a reduced offence from a charge of CBT under s 409 but an offence of a
different genre.

78 I deal with the last objection first. I do not think that the DJ was taking
the position that it was an additional requirement under the second proviso of
s 17(_a_) that the offence based on the same factual circumstances set out in
the requisition must also be a “reduced” offence; she was simply making a
general observation that TCY would be liable for a less severe punishment
should he be convicted on the amended s 420 charge and was accordingly not
prejudiced by the amendment. The words of the second proviso of s 17(_a_) do
not fetter prosecutorial discretion in such a manner, and I do not consider
that this silence is – as Mr Khoo has contended – an ambiguity. If Parliament
had intended to limit the scope of the second proviso of s 17(_a_), it would
have said so explicitly, and I cannot add a limiting judicial gloss on the
plain words of s 17(_a_). It is therefore irrelevant whether a s 420 offence
is a “reduced” or “different” offence from a s 409 offence.

79 The first objection is premised on the question of whether, in the
Requisition, the Statement of Facts relating to the original Fourth Charge
under s 409 also discloses the amended Fourth Charge under s 420. The relevant
portion in the Statement of Facts is reproduced below in full as follows:

**Facts relating to Fourth Charge**

21\. Sometime in May 2002, Tan Cheng Yew persuaded Tan Kwee Khoon to invest
another S$900,000 in the time deposit with the Australian bank referred to in
paragraph 18 above, so that he would be in a better position to negotiate with
the Australian bank. Tan Kwee Khoon agreed and issued a DBS Bank cheque
no.300206 for S$900,000 to Tan Cheng Yew. Tan Cheng Yew deposited this cheque
into his DBS Fixed Deposit account no.001-800077-13. Pursuant to the personal
loan facility referred to in paragraph 8 above, Tan Cheng Yew pledged all the
Singapore Dollar and Foreign Currency Fixed Deposit accounts held by himself
as security for this loan from DBS. This included the funds in DBS Fixed
Deposit account no.001-800077-13, into which the S$900,000 had been deposited.

22\. Investigations revealed that Tan Cheng Yew did not invest the S$900,000
in a time deposit in an Australian bank on behalf of Tan Kwee Khoon. Instead
he converted to his own use the said S$900,000 by pledging it to DBS as
security for his personal loan facility.

23\. Tan Cheng Yew was entrusted, in his capacity as an agent acting on behalf
of Tan Kwee Khoon and his family for the purpose of investing monies in an
Australian bank, with dominance over the said S$900,000. However, Tan Cheng
Yew converted to his own use the said S$900,000 by pledging it to DBS as
security for his personal loan facility. By doing so, he had committed an
offence under section 409 of the Penal Code, Cap. 224.

80 Mr Khoo submitted that the facts in relation to the Fourth Charge did not
establish the essential ingredients for a cheating offence under s 420 as
paras 21 to 23 in the Statement of Facts alleged entrustment and not
deception. During oral argument, Mr Khoo also advanced the tentative legal
proposition that where there is an element of entrustment, an offence of
cheating cannot be made out.

81 With all due respect, this latter proposition runs completely contrary to
my understanding of the offence of cheating under s 420, and I cannot agree
with Mr Khoo’s submission. It is indeed true that cheating does not
necessarily involve entrustment; it does not, however, follow that cheating
can never involve entrustment. The definition of the word “cheat” used in s
420 is found in s 415 of the Penal Code which provides:

**Cheating**

**415.** Whoever, by deceiving any person, whether or not such deception was
the sole or main inducement, fraudulently or dishonestly induces the person so
deceived to deliver any property to any person, or to consent that any person
shall retain any property, or intentionally induces the person so deceived to
do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit to do if he were not
so deceived, and which act or omission causes or is likely to cause damage or
harm to any person in body, mind, reputation or property, is said to “cheat”.

The necessary elements of cheating are: (a) _deception_ and (b) _fraudulently
or dishonestly inducing the person deceived to, inter alia, deliver any
property_. The offence can be made out so long as these elements are
satisfied, even if the circumstances surrounding the offence involve an
entrustment of some kind. Indeed in many cases of cheating, there would be
entrustment of property by the victim to the offender. The facts disclosed in
the Statement of Facts in relation to the Fourth Charge would, if proven,
ground a conviction for an offence under s 420. Paragraph 21 states that TCY
persuaded Tommy Tan to invest another S$900,000 in an Australian time deposit
that was purportedly held on trust for Tommy Tan and the Tan Family in order
to obtain a better interest rate, and that Tommy Tan issued a DBS cheque for
the amount. This satisfies the element of “inducing the person deceived to
deliver property”. Paragraph 22 then states that TCY did not invest the
S$900,000 on behalf of Tommy Tan but instead converted it to his own use. TCY
therefore acted “dishonestly” and “cheated” Tommy Tan as he had no intention
of acting on what he had told Tommy Tan. Contrary to Mr Khoo’s submission that
all three paragraphs had to be read together, I do not think that para 23,
which concludes that TCY was entrusted with S$900,000 and converted the
S$900,000 to his own use thus committing an offence under s 409, qualifies
anything in paras 21 and 22. Paragraph 23 is simply an assertion of the
offence disclosed by the facts, and does not mean that the facts cannot
support another offence.

82 I am satisfied that the Fourth Charge is an “offence of which [TCY] could
be convicted upon proof of the facts on which [the] requisition was based”
under s 17(_a_). The prosecution of TCY on the amended Fourth Charge was
therefore legal.

Was there a breach of natural justice in the extradition proceedings?

83 I will summarily dismiss this final argument of Mr Khoo’s as I do not think
that it was made out on the facts and therefore do not have to consider the
legal implication of a finding that there had been a breach of natural justice
in the extradition proceedings in Germany. Mr Khoo argued that the principles
of natural justice had been breached as TCY was not present before the Higher
Regional Court of Munich when the Third Resolution was issued.

84 With respect, Mr Khoo has not presented any evidence to support his
allegations that there had been a breach of natural justice in the extradition
proceedings, apart from assertions that TCY had not been present at the time
the Third Resolution was made although the Third Resolution stated that it had
been made “after hearing the persecutee”. I also note that apart from the
disputed Third Resolution, Mr Khoo has not denied that TCY vigorously
challenged – and was given the opportunity to be heard – his extradition to
Singapore before both the Higher Regional Court of Munich and the Federal
Constitutional Court of Germany. In the absence of any affirmative evidence, I
am unable to agree with Mr Khoo’s submissions on the extradition-related
issues.

Conclusion

85 For the foregoing reasons, I therefore conclude that there was no breach of
the speciality provision in s 17(_a_) for each of the four charges that TCY
stood trial on.

Issue 3

86 TCY has been convicted on the s 409 charges for the commission of CBT “in
the way of his business as an attorney”. The first question is whether the
word “attorney” encompasses an advocate and solicitor. Only if this is
answered in the positive will it be necessary to consider Issue 4, _viz_ ,
whether TCY was acting in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor
during the material events that gave rise to the s 409 charges.

TCY’s case

87 TCY’s case is that “attorney” in s 409 means “a person who has been
delegated to do something in the appointer’s absence, and does not mean to
include an advocate and solicitor”.[note: 8] In other words, TCY’s case is
that the word “attorney” refers only to the donee of a power of attorney. In
support of this, Mr Khoo relied on _Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of
Singapore_ vol 2 (Butterworths Asia, 2001) (“Butterworth’s commentary”) at p
622. Mr Khoo argued that the cases which the DJ had cited in support of her
finding that “attorney” included an advocate and solicitor had been cases
where pleas of guilt had been entered and thus the section had not been
construed in great detail. In particular, Mr Khoo submitted that _Sarjit Singh
s/o Mehar Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 1040 (“ _Sarjit Singh
(HC)_ ”) is not dispositive of the issue of whether “attorney” includes an
advocate and solicitor as that issue was not canvassed before the court in
that case.

The prosecution’s case

88 The prosecution’s case is that “attorney” in s 409 includes an advocate and
solicitor. Mr Tan raised four arguments in support of this. Firstly, the
holding in _Sarjit Singh (HC)_ was that advocates and solicitors, when
entrusted with their client’s moneys, would fall within the purview of s 409.
Secondly, the cases of _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor_ [1990] 2
SLR(R) 361 (“ _Wong Kai Chuen_ ”) and _Public Prosecutor v Leong Wai Nam_
[2010] 2 SLR 284 (“ _Leong Wai Nam_ ”) were cases where the accused persons
had pleaded guilty to charges under s 409 in connection with their work as
advocates and solicitors. Thirdly, the “plain and ordinary meaning” of the
word “attorney” includes a “professional and properly-qualified legal agent
practising in the courts of Common Law (as a _solicitor_ practised in the
courts of Equity); one who conducted litigation in these courts, preparing the
case for the barristers, or counsel whose duty and privilege it is to plead
and argue in open court”, which is the definition provided in _The Oxford
English Dictionary_ , Vol I (Clarendon Press, Oxford, 2nd Ed, 1989) at p
772.[note: 9] Fourthly, it would be against public interest for “attorney” to
be construed as excluding advocates and solicitors, given that the section
targets offenders who are in a position of trust _vis-à-vis_ their victims and
advocates and solicitors are often in such a position of trust.

Analysis and decision

The definition of “attorney”

89 Section 409 provides as follows:

**Criminal breach of trust by public servant, or by banker, merchant, or
agent**

**409**. Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or with any
dominion over property, in his capacity of a public servant, or in the way of
his business as a banker, a merchant, a factor, a broker, an attorney or an
agent, commits criminal breach of trust in respect of that property, shall be
punished with imprisonment for life, or with imprisonment for a term which may
extend to 10 years, and shall also be liable to fine.

90 It is clear that s 409 does not make any reference to the term “advocate
and solicitor”. The Penal Code contains no definition of the term “attorney”.

91 While the DJ observed that s 409 does “not specifically mention advocates
and solicitors”, she found that an advocate and solicitor could nonetheless be
charged under s 409 as it has been “widely accepted that this provision
applies equally to lawyers who have been entrusted with their clients’ monies”
(Judgment at [51]). The DJ drew support for her view from the following cases:
_Wong Kai Chuen_ , _Leong Wai Nam_ , and _Sarjit Singh (HC)_ and _Sarjit Singh
s/o Mehar Singh v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] SGDC 150 (“ _Sarjit Singh (DC)_
”).

92 However, in _Wong Kai Chuen_ and _Leong Wai Nam_ , the accused persons had
pleaded guilty to the charges under s 409, and therefore the issue of the
meaning of “attorney” was not raised. This was in fact noted by the DJ at [52]
of the Judgment. Further, in _Wong Kai Chuen_ , all six charges brought
against the accused were for CBT in his capacity as an _agent_ , so the issue
of the meaning of an “attorney” did not arise.

93 In _Sarjit Singh (DC)_ , this point was in issue as one of the accused’s
arguments in his submission of “no case to answer” was that s 409 did not
apply to an advocate and solicitor (see _Sarjit Singh (DC)_ at [12]). The
trial judge accepted the prosecution’s argument that s 409 clearly included
“an advocate and solicitor, a person who held himself out as an agent for
another”, and called on the accused to give his defence (see _Sarjit Singh
(DC)_ at [13]). _Sarjit Singh (DC)_ is slightly ambivalent as to which limb of
s 409 the accused was charged under, _ie_ , whether he was charged for CBT in
the way of his business as an _agent_ or as an _attorney_. The judge held,
somewhat obliquely, that an advocate and solicitor was “ _an attorney or
agent_ within the meaning of s 409” [emphasis added] (_Sarjit Singh_ (_DC)_ at
[71]). It will be remembered that this finding was also made by the DJ in the
instant case. I find such remarks puzzling, as the mere fact that that an
advocate and solicitor may be, on the facts of a particular case, an “agent”
for his client does not necessarily entail that he is also an “attorney” for
the purposes of s 409. The terms “attorney” and “agent” are not co-extensive
and the expression “banker, merchant, factor, broker, attorney or agent”
manifests an intention to refer to six separate categories of persons.

94 Further, a perusal of the charge sheet in _Sarjit Singh (DC)_ reveals that
the accused in that case was charged in the way of his business as an _agent_.
Therefore, the analysis of the scope of “attorney” in that case is _obiter_.
However I note that on appeal to the High Court, Yong Pung How CJ (“Yong CJ”)
ruled as follows (_Sarjit Singh (HC)_ at [21]):

Thus advocates and solicitors must be taken to have been entrusted with their
client’s moneys when they are entrusted with the task of collecting the moneys
on their client’s behalf. Hence they would fall within the purview of s 409 of
the Penal Code.

95 Given that the cases do not specifically address the issue whether the word
“attorney” includes an advocate and solicitor, I will proceed to analyse the
meaning of “attorney” from first principles. In so doing, it is helpful to
consider the legislative history and context of s 409.

The legislative history and context of s 409

96 Our s 409 is derived from s 409 of the Indian Penal Code 1860 (Act XLV of
1860) (the “IPC”) which provides:

**Criminal breach of trust by public servant, or by banker, merchant or
agent**

Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or with any dominion
over property in his capacity of a public servant or in the way of his
business as a banker, merchant, factor, broker, attorney or agent, commits
criminal breach of trust in respect of that property, shall be punished with
imprisonment for life, or with imprisonment of either description for a term
which may extend to ten years, and shall also be liable to fine.

As can be seen, our s 409 is _in pari materia_ with s 409 of the IPC. The
meaning of “attorney” under s 409 of the IPC may thus be instructive in
examining the meaning of “attorney” in our s 409. While Butterworth’s
Commentary at p 622 gives a narrow meaning to “attorney”, it goes on to refer
to two leading commentaries on Indian law:

An ‘attorney’ is a person who is appointed by another for a special purpose,
to do something in the appointer’s absence, and who has authority to act in
place of the appointer: Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s _Law of Crimes_ (24th Ed) at p
2014; _Gour’s Penal Law of India_ (11th Ed) at p 4052.

97 The issue is thus what “attorney” meant under s 409 of the IPC when that
section was enacted in the IPC in 1860, to see what meaning the framers of the
IPC intended. For this, I turned to the leading texts on the interpretation of
the IPC. _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Indian Penal Code_ (V R Manohar, gen ed)
(LexisNexis Butterworths Wadhwa Nagpur, 33rd Ed, 2010) (“ _Ratanlal_ ”)
defines ‘attorney’ in the following manner (at p 883):

**‘Attorney’** is one who is appointed by another to do something in his
absence, and who has authority to act in the place and turn of him by whom he
is delegated. [In _Charman Lal v State of Punjab_ AIR 2009 SC 2972, the] High
Court, while dismissing the revision petition, observed that it was possible
that the appellants were duped by the general power of attorney holder who
knew that his powers had been revoked but concealed the fact. If there any
_bona fides_ in the conduct of the accused person, (by reason of revival of
power), such arguments could have made at the trial stage. The court refused
to interfere in the judgment.

This definition appears to support the view put forward by Mr Khoo that
“attorney” was intended to refer to the holder of a power of attorney.

98 _Dr Hari Singh Gour’s Penal Law of India v_ ol 4 (Law Publishers (India)
Pvt Ltd, 11th Ed, 2011) (“Gour”) defines “attorney” in the following manner
(at p 4052):

An attorney [from Lat. attornare, to attorn, to commit business to another-
lit, a substitute, a proxy is also an agent but appointed for a special
purpose. He is a person appointed by another to do something in his absence
and, as such, he possesses all the powers which are necessary for transacting
that business, and such powers are usually reduced to writing in a document
called the “power-of-attorney”. An attorney may be public or private. A
private attorney is a person appointed by another to transact any business for
him out of Court. Pleader’s clerks are, for example, called attorneys. Public
attorneys, or as they are more popularly called attorneys-at-law, are
practitioners in a Court of law, legally qualified to act on the retainer of
clients for the purpose of prosecuting and defending suit and cases. As such,
they are a class of lawyers, but that is naturally a more general term and
includes also counsellors who are a class distinct from attorneys, whose
duties are confined to carry on the practical and formal parts of the suit.
_In England, since 1873, attorneys are by statute called solicitors._ Such
attorneys correspond to the procurators of the civil law, and the proctors of
the Ecclesiastical and Admiralty Courts. They are called law agents in
Scotland. [emphasis added]

99 Gour’s definition of “attorney” is thus twofold:

(a) A private attorney: one who holds a power of attorney and who is appointed
by another to transact any business for him. This is the definition Mr Khoo
argued for.

(b) A public attorney, or attorney-at-law: as the name suggests, this connotes
one who is a practitioner in a court of law, who is among a class of lawyers.
This would include an advocate and solicitor, and is the definition Mr Tan
argued for.

If the term “attorney” is broad enough to encompass _both_ the “private” and
“public” aspects, then TCY, as an advocate and solicitor, would be caught
under the ambit of s 409, provided that he was acting “in the way of his
business” as an advocate and solicitor (see below at [127]–[159]).

100 I note, in particular, Gour’s statement that “[i]n England, since 1873,
attorneys are by statute called solicitors”. Section 87 of the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act 1873 (c 66) (UK) prescribed that “all persons admitted as
... attorneys ... shall be called Solicitors of the Supreme Court”. Therefore,
prior to 1873, the understanding of the word “attorney” in England would
correspond to what we today call a “solicitor”. This provides an insight into
the contemporaneous meaning accorded to “attorney” at the time the IPC was
enacted. As the IPC was enacted before 1873, the drafters would have relied on
the pre-1873 understanding of “attorney” as including a solicitor.

101 I will now consider whether this understanding of “attorney” is consistent
with the framework of the Penal Code. The prosecution has submitted that s 409
targets offenders who are in a position of trust _vis-à-vis_ their victims.
Therefore, it would be anomalous for advocates and solicitors, who are often
in a position of trust, to be excluded from the ambit of the word “attorney”.
It was further urged that for this reason, it would be in the public interest
for advocates and solicitors to come under s 409.

102 The statutory framework of the CBT group of offences in the Penal Code
supports this contention. Sections 407 to 409 of the Penal Code, which deal
with CBT by certain classes of persons, stipulate higher maximum sentences
than that for CBT _simpliciter_ which is found in s 406 of the Penal Code (“s
406”). The punishments stipulated reveal a sliding scale of severity of
offences. At the lowest end of the spectrum is CBT _simpliciter_ in s 406,
where the maximum sentence provided is three years’ imprisonment. Next is s
407 which provides for CBT by a carrier, wharfinger or warehouse-keeper and
attracts a maximum sentence of seven years’ imprisonment. Section 408 then
provides for CBT by a clerk or servant and stipulates a maximum sentence of
seven years’ imprisonment. At the highest end of the spectrum is s 409 which
provides for CBT committed by a person in the capacity of a public servant or
in the way of business as a banker, merchant, factor, broker, attorney or
agent and stipulates a maximum sentence of ten years’ imprisonment or life
imprisonment. This shows that as compared to s 406, ss 407 to 409 are treated
as aggravated offences by virtue of the offender’s position _vis-à-vis_ the
victim.

103 In my view, the mischief that s 409 targets is the commission of CBT by
persons who perform certain trusted trades, when they act in the way of their
business. As stated in Gour at p 4037:

_“Banker, merchant, factor, broker, attorney or agent”_ : All these persons
are trusted agents employed by the public in their various businesses. ...

Where it is normal for the public to rely on a person’s trade as a mark of his
trustworthiness and integrity, and where such trust facilitates commercial
transactions, it is important that such transactions are above board. A
commission of CBT by a person in the performance of his trade would shake the
confidence of the public in those trades and impede the ability of persons in
such trades to serve the public. A breach of trust in such circumstances “may
have severe ... public repercussions” (see Butterworth’s commentary at p 621).
Therefore, s 409 provides that CBT committed in the capacity of a public
servant or in the way of business of a banker, a merchant, a factor, a broker,
an attorney or an agent, would be punished more severely than CBT committed by
persons who are trusted on an _ad hoc_ basis under s 406.

104 The practice of law has long been held to be an honourable profession in
which absolute trust in the integrity of its practitioners is essential not
only for the administration of justice but also to the smooth operation of the
wheels of commerce. It would be a glaring omission were the profession to be
excluded from the list of “banker, merchant, factor, broker, attorney and
agent” singled out for greater punishment, when much more trust is normally
reposed in an advocate and solicitor than the other trades.

105 By reason of the foregoing, I hold that the word “attorney” in s 409
includes an advocate and solicitor. I turn to the next issue, whether the
moneys were entrusted to TCY in the way of his business as an advocate and
solicitor.

Issue 4

TCY’s case

106 The main thrust of TCY’s case is that the s 409 charges were not made out
as the properties which formed the subject matter of the charges were
entrusted to TCY in his personal capacity and not in the way of his business
as an attorney. Therefore, even if CBT was made out, this would be CBT
_simpliciter_ under s 406 and not s 409. TCY’s position has been, all along,
that he would have pleaded guilty at the first opportunity if the charges
against him had been preferred under s 406 (Judgment at [174]). In his long
statement, TCY had told the police the following:[note: 10]

I am not trying to deny my wrong doings [sic] but I am saying that if the
charge is appropriately amended to one in which I used the money for my own
use, I will admit to it. As the charge now reads it is inconsistent with my
recollection of events.

The First Charge

107 Mr Khoo argued that the sum of S$1.5m belonged to CCC at the time it was
entrusted to TCY as the Tan Family had loaned the sum to CCC pursuant to a
loan agreement dated 30 July 2001 (“the Loan Agreement”). The S$1.5m was thus
entrusted to TCY by CCC and not by the Tan Family. While TCY drafted the Loan
Agreement in the way of his business as an advocate or solicitor, he held the
S$1.5m _as an express trustee_. TCY’s case is that it was not in the nature or
business of an advocate and solicitor to act as an express trustee. Mr Khoo
cited _Dubai Aluminium Co Ltd v Salaam and others_ [2003] 2 AC 366 (“ _Dubai
Aluminium_ ”) and _Lim Kok Koon v Tan Cheng Yew and another_ [2004] 3 SLR(R)
111 (“ _Lim Kok Koon_ ”) in support of this. Mr Khoo then submitted that TCY’s
only act in the way of his business as a solicitor for the Tan Family was in
the drafting of the Loan Agreement; all his other acts relating to the First
Charge were done in his personal capacity:

(a) Even though the cheque for S$1.5m that TCY received from CCC was stated to
be “issued in favour of your solicitor”, it was, pursuant to the terms of the
Loan Agreement, made out to him _personally_ as payee. The cheque was made out
to “Tan Cheng Yew”, rather than “Tan Cheng Yew & Partners”.

(b) The Loan Agreement did not provide that the S$1.5m was to be paid into Tan
Cheng Yew & Partners’ client’s account, but stipulated that the money was to
be paid into an account with DBS Bank Shenton Way Branch to be opened in TCY’s
personal name.

Mr Khoo submitted that while the Loan Agreement referred to TCY as “Tan Cheng
Yew of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners”, this was only descriptive of where he was
from and did not indicate that TCY was entrusted the money as a solicitor.

108 Further, TCY’s case is that he had not converted the S$1.5m to his own use
by pledging the fixed deposit containing the moneys to secure a short-term
loan facility from DBS Bank. According to Mr Khoo, conversion would only occur
if there was a drawdown and TCY was unable to repay the overdraft when
demanded with the result that the bank exercised its right of set-off against
the fixed deposit charged.

109 Mr Khoo also raised the argument that Tommy Tan had acquiesced to TCY
pledging the S$1.5m as security for the short-term loan facility in order to
buy the Venture linked notes to obtain better returns for the money.[note: 11]
Mr Khoo pointed to a document titled “Authority to Pay” which purported to
show that Tommy Tan had given express authority to TCY to buy the Venture
linked notes.

The Third Charge

110 While TCY admitted that he was authorised under Memorandum 1 to act as the
Tan Family’s solicitor to negotiate the sale of the Poh Lian shares, his
submission is that when the negotiations failed, that authority came to an
end. Mr Khoo contended that Tommy Tan’s subsequent instructions to TCY to
assist in the sale of the Poh Lian shares on the open market could not have
originated from Memorandum 1 which merely covered negotiations with the Poh
Lian management. Clause 5 of the Deed of Trust provided that the Tan Family
“fully discharge Tan Cheng Yew from any further obligation owed to us prior to
this date in respect the sale of shares in Poh Lian Holdings Limited and the
disposal of the said proceeds and any obligations owed to us will be pursuant
to the terms of this Deed of Trust dated 25 May 2011 only and is superseded by
the said Deed of Trust”.[note: 12]

111 Further or in the alternative, TCY had declared in the Deed of Trust that
he would hold A$3m (this sum comprised the S$1,940,724.97 which formed the
subject-matter of the Third Charge) and thus held the moneys as an express
trustee. Pursuant to _Lim Kok Koon_ , as an express trustee, TCY was not
acting in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor. Moreover, it
is not in the nature of the business of an advocate and solicitor to engage in
commercial transactions such as the sale of shares on behalf of his client.
The sale of the Poh Lian shares was thus undertaken in TCY’s private,
personal, capacity. As _Lim Hsi-Wei Marc v Orix Capital Ltd and another and
another appeal_ [2010] 3 SLR 1189 (“ _Marc Lim_ ”) observed at [41], a law
firm’s business is to provide legal services, it “does not buy, sell or trade
in goods”.

112 Mr Khoo also pointed to cl 5 of a memorandum of a meeting held on 26 May
2002 (“Memorandum 2”), which provided that the moneys would not be sent to
Australia unless, _inter alia_ , it was expressly authorised by the
beneficiaries.[note: 13]

The prosecution’s case

113 The prosecution’s case is that to determine whether “in the way of his
business” is met, a subjective test should be applied, _ie_ , from the point
of view of the person entrusting the money:

(a) was the entrustment done to the accused by the way of his business as an
attorney; or

(b) was the entrustment wholly incidental to the accused’s business as an
attorney or was it unknown to that person that the accused was an attorney?

114 According to the prosecution, if entrustment falls under (a) then “in the
way of his business” is satisfied. Conversely, if the entrustment falls under
(b) then “in the way of his business” is not satisfied.

The First Charge

115 The prosecution argued that the S$1.5m belonged to the Tan Family at the
time it was entrusted to TCY. The money belonged to the Tan Family until and
unless CCC successfully tendered for a plot of land to build their church on.
From the perspective of the Tan Family, TCY had been acting as their lawyer
throughout the material events. TCY relied on his status and reputation as an
advocate and solicitor to exploit the trust of his victims. The Loan Agreement
which was drafted by TCY stipulated a condition that the trustee had to be an
advocate and solicitor, and went on to describe the trustee as being “Tan
Cheng Yew of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners”. Further, TCY had been aggressive about
the fact that there would only be one trustee, namely himself.[note: 14] Mr
Tan argued that TCY had “set out to _make it_ his “business” to take on the
roles that he did, in respect of the Tan Family, regardless of whether or not,
on an normative level, such roles are normally undertaken by lawyers in
Singapore” [emphasis in original].[note: 15] Mr Tan contended that the DJ was
right to come to the conclusion that a “more likely position would be that all
parties had understood clearly that the trust was in [TCY’s] professional
capacity” instead of his personal capacity (Judgment at [103]), as this was
reached after hearing all the witnesses’ testimonies. Further, all the letters
touching on the loan to CCC, the things done by TCY and the things needed to
be done by the Tan Family were on the letterhead of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners.

116 Even though the S$1.5m was not deposited in Tan Cheng Yew & Partners’
client’s account, where the moneys were deposited cannot be conclusive as to
whether entrustment was in the way of TCY’s business as an advocate and
solicitor. The moneys were within TCY’s sole control, and his law firm
partners were without any form of control over the moneys.

117 Mr Tan further argued that Mr Khoo’s reliance on _Marc Lim_ and _Lim Kok
Koon_ is misplaced as those cases are civil cases which did not concern the
specific definition and scope of s 409. _Lim Kok Koon_ concerned the liability
of the _other partners_ of the law firm involved, and not whether a person had
held himself out to be acting in the way of his business as an advocate and
solicitor for the purposes of s 409. _Marc Lim_ also dealt with the liability
of the _other partners_ in a civil suit. The issue was what the ordinary
course of business carried on _by the firm_ was, under s 10 of the Partnership
Act (Cap 391, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Partnership Act”).

118 Regarding Mr Khoo’s argument that there was no conversion, Mr Tan
contended that the pledging of the fixed deposit account sufficed for
conversion. Further, the short-term loan facility was in fact drawn upon by
September 2001.

119 As for Mr Khoo’s argument that Tommy Tan acquiesced in TCY pledging the
S$1.5m to secure the short-term loan facility, Mr Tan averred that there was
no evidence to support TCY’s bare assertion that he was permitted to use the
moneys in that manner. The document titled “Authority to Pay”[note: 16] was a
photocopied document which was found by the DJ to be an unreliable piece of
evidence as she had “great doubts about [its] authenticity” (Judgment at
[133]). Even TCY himself admitted that he was “not sure” whether the two pages
he produced as the “Authority to Pay” were part of the same document (Judgment
at [75]).

The Third Charge

120 Mr Tan highlighted that while Memorandum 1 was for the negotiation of the
Poh Lian shares to the Poh Lian management, Tommy Tan did not consider that
there was any change in status or capacity when TCY proceeded to sell the
shares on the open market. Further, even as late as 4 June 2002, after TCY had
moved to Australia, he had referred to the Tan Family as his “clients” in
certain emails relating to investing the proceeds of the sale of the Poh Lian
shares. These emails were forwarded to Tommy Tan. The use of the term
“clients” reinforces that TCY was acting for the Tan Family in his capacity as
their solicitor.

121 The prosecution’s case is that the Deed of Trust was an attempt by TCY to
negate his own criminality. The Deed of Trust did not negate the fact that
inducement given by TCY, _viz_ , that he could obtain a higher interest rate
for the Tan Family, remained operative on the minds of the members of the Tan
Family.

122 As for Memorandum 2, the prosecution pointed out that it was a document
drafted by TCY, and was thus drafted to his advantage.

Analysis and decision

123 Gour at p 4037 defines “in the way of his business” as “in the course of
his trade in the ordinary course of his duties as such merchant, etc”. The
concept of liability being imposed only for acts committed in the ordinary
course of business also appears in s 5 of the Partnership Act, which provides
that the partnership is bound by the acts of every partner who does “any act
for carrying on in the usual way business of the kind carried on by the firm”
unless the partner so acting has no authority and the person with whom he is
dealing either knows that he has no authority or does not believe him to be a
partner. It may be useful to refer to the test under s 5 of the Partnership
Act for assistance in interpreting the words “in the way of his business” in s
409 of the Penal Code.

124 Under s 5 of the Partnership Act, the test for whether a partner’s acts
are within the usual nature of the business of the firm has two limbs, _viz_ ,
actual and ostensible authority (see _Marc Lim_ at [33]). Pursuant to _Marc
Lim_ at [44], the test under the limb of ostensible authority is as follows:

... even if a partner’s actions are  _ex facie_ within the scope of the usual
nature of the business of the firm, the transaction will not bind the
partnership unless the  _manner_ in which it is carried out would also appear
to a **_reasonably careful and competent person of the same kind as the third
party_** to be in the “usual way” [emphasis in original in italics, emphasis
added in bold italics]

125 The cases under s 5 of the Partnership Act concern the civil liability of
innocent partners for the wrongdoing of one of the partners. While this may
provide a useful comparison, it must be remembered that such cases are _not_
directly applicable to the present case, which involves the criminal liability
of the advocate and solicitor who has perpetrated the wrongdoing (see the
elaboration below at [135]). Nevertheless, I find that such test could be
applicable in interpreting the words “in the way of his business” in s 409 of
the Penal Code.

126 In the context of s 409 of the Penal Code, the test is whether, to a
reasonably careful and competent person of the same kind as the victim, the
accused was acting in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor.
There is no statutory definition of what is the ordinary business of an
advocate and solicitor. Under the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev Ed)
(the “LPA”), advocates and solicitors have exclusive right to appear and plead
in all courts of Singapore (see s 29 of the LPA). An indirect definition of
what amounts to practising as an advocate and solicitor is found in s 33 of
the LPA, _viz_ , commencing, carrying on, soliciting, or defending any court
proceeding, or preparing any document or instrument relating to any court
proceeding, including sending notice of claim or threatening legal proceedings
or negotiating a settlement of a claim on behalf of another person. However it
cannot be doubted that advocates and solicitors carry out work in many other
areas, even if they are not all within their exclusive domains. Hence
conveyancing practice forms a significant part of the business of many law
firms. Advocates and solicitors draft contracts for their clients and are
often involved in the negotiation stage. Some act as trade mark and patent
agents. In the course of such work, clients entrust money to the advocate and
solicitor partly on a personal basis, but also partly due to the fact that the
accreditation process under the LPA has instilled in the public a high level
of confidence in the integrity of the advocates and solicitors and the
enforcement regime in the same act ensures that the risk of doing so is very
much minimised. And as pointed out in [94] above, Yong CJ held in _Sarjit
Singh (HC)_ that an advocate and solicitor entrusted with collecting money on
his client’s behalf falls within the purview of s 409 of the Penal Code.

The First Charge

127 For the offence of CBT to be made out, the first element that needs to be
shown is entrustment with dominion over the property. The question is thus
whether TCY was entrusted with dominion over the S$1.5m. A cheque for S$1.5m
was issued in TCY’s name by CCC. The cheque was issued by CCC as the Tan
Family had earlier transferred S$1.5m to CCC in anticipation that it would be
successful in bidding for a piece of land to build a church. I will quickly
dispose of the argument that the moneys belonged to CCC and not to the Tan
Family at the material time. This argument is not supported by the terms of
the Loan Agreement. The preamble of the Loan Agreement provided that the
moneys was to be loaned “to finance [CCC’s] construction of a church ...”.
Clause 2.2 of the Loan Agreement provided that if no church was being
constructed or if there was no successful tender for land to build the church
on, the moneys would have to be returned to the Tan Family. As such, until and
unless the church had been constructed, the moneys belonged to the Tan Family
and not CCC. At the time the S$1.5m was entrusted to TCY, neither construction
nor tender had commenced. The S$1.5m thus belonged to the Tan Family and not
to CCC at the material time. The Tan Family had entrusted TCY with dominion
over the S$1.5m.

128 Next, it must be shown that the S$1.5m was converted by TCY to his own
use. At the hearing before me, Mr Khoo acknowledged that Tommy Tan had _not_
given TCY authority to _pledge_ the S$1.5m as security for the short-term loan
facility.[note: 17] While the Loan Agreement provided for the moneys to be put
into a fixed deposit, it did not provide that the fixed deposit could be
pledged as security for the short-term loan facility. In fact, the moneys in
the fixed deposit were to be released to CCC when it managed to obtain a plot
of land to build the church. Thus, the highest that Mr Khoo could pitch his
case was that Tommy Tan had given TCY authority to use the S$1.5m to buy the
Venture linked notes. In the light of this admission, it is unnecessary for me
to examine whether the document entitled “Authority to Pay” did reveal whether
Tommy Tan had acquiesced to TCY pledging the S$1.5m to obtain the short-term
loan facility. However, notwithstanding this concession, Mr Khoo contended
that the mere pledging did not involve conversion and it was only when the
bank exercised its right of set-off that there was conversion. With respect,
this contention is not tenable. Conversion took place when TCY pledged the
money; the bank had become entitled to it. However I need not dwell on this
because it does not help TCY, as DBS did subsequently exercise its right to
set-off the fixed deposit amount against TCY’s overdraft facility. I thus find
that TCY converted the S$1.5m to his own use.

129 As for the element of dishonesty, TCY admitted during cross-examination at
the trial below that he had never intended to give the S$1.5m to CCC but
intended it for personal use:[note: 18]

I was very very deep in debt because of gambling. Gambling destroyed my life.
When I heard that CCC wanted me to hold on to the $1.5 million, I was already
planning to use some of it to pay my debts.

In reality, I had no intention to give the $1.5 million to CCC.

But to mask my true intention, I needed to go along with Tommy Tan and his
family and CCC by drafting the 1st Loan Agreement and accepting the $1.5
million.

Hence, I lied to Tommy Tan and his family and CCC that I will safekeep the
$1.5 million until CCC meets the requirements in the 1st Loan Agreement. But
my intentions were to use the money for my use as soon as I have them.

This is clear evidence of dishonesty on TCY’s part.

130 I come now to the nub of this issue – whether TCY was entrusted with the
S$1.5m in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor. Clause 2.2.a
of the Loan Agreement provided that the S$1.5m was to be kept in a fixed
deposit in the name of a trustee, and Annex A provided that the trustee was to
be “Tan Cheng Yew of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners”. TCY’s case is that he held the
S$1.5m as an express trustee, and that it was not in the nature or business of
an advocate and solicitor to act as an express trustee.

131 Mr Khoo relied on two cases in support of his argument. The first case is
that of _Dubai Aluminium_ , where Lord Millett, in a concurring judgment,
considered at [134] that acting as an express trustee was not within the
ordinary business of a solicitor. He arrived at this decision based on a
combination of two observations. Firstly, the general understanding in the
19th century was that it was not in the ordinary business of a solicitor to
act as an express trustee (see _In re Fryer_ (1857) 3 K & J 317). Secondly,
given that as compared to the 19th century, private client business now formed
a far smaller part of solicitors’ work, if it was not part of the ordinary
business of a solicitor to act as an express trustee then, _a fortiori_ , it
was not part of the ordinary business of a solicitor in the present day.

132 The second case is that of _Lim Kok Koon_ , which applied the principles
elucidated by Lord Millett in _Dubai Aluminium_. _Lim Kok Koon_ was a case
which also involved TCY. In that case, TCY had, in the course of advising the
plaintiff on a reverse takeover, written to the plaintiff on the letterhead of
Tan & Lim and conducted meetings at Tan & Lim’s office. On TCY’s advice, the
plaintiff handed TCY three cheques issued in favour of TCY personally. The
plaintiff then signed two trust deeds which provided that TCY would hold
certain moneys on trust for him. The trust deeds, which were witnessed by a
solicitor employed by Tan & Lim, referred only to TCY and contained no
reference to Tan & Lim. Subsequently, TCY, and the moneys along with him, went
missing and could not be located. In addition to bringing a claim against TCY,
the plaintiff also brought a claim against Tan & Lim on the basis that Tan &
Lim was vicariously liable for the acts of TCY. After proceedings were
commenced, Tan & Lim applied to strike out the claim against it, arguing that
TCY had not acted in the ordinary course of business when he received the
three cheques from the plaintiff.

133 The crucial fact in _Lim Kok Koon_ was that TCY had declared in the trust
deeds that he held the moneys personally as trustee for the plaintiff.
Pursuant to _Dubai Aluminium_ , it was “not part of the ordinary business of a
law firm for its lawyers to act as express trustees” as acting as an express
trustee was “not legally capable of being performed within the ordinary course
of the partnership business” of a law firm (_Lim Kok Koon_ at [36] and [38]).

134 Even so, that was not the end of the inquiry in _Lim Kok Koon_ and Lai Siu
Chiu J (“Lai J”) went on to examine whether TCY could have accepted the
plaintiff’s payment _personally_ in the ordinary course of business of a law
firm. One of the factors she considered was the closeness of the connection
between the duties TCY was authorised to perform and his wrongdoing. The test
was a partly subjective one which took into account the attributes of the
plaintiff. Lai J found that the plaintiff, who was the chief executive officer
of a public listed company and who had previously consulted lawyers in that
capacity, “would or should have realised” that making payments personally to a
lawyer was not the norm and not in the ordinary course of the business of a
law firm (see _Lim Kok Koon_ at [40]). As such, under s 10 of the Partnership
Act, Tan & Lim was not vicariously liable for the acts of TCY as the acts were
not done in the ordinary course of the firm’s business.

135 As noted above at [125], while the cases under the Partnership Act provide
a helpful guide, they are _not_ directly applicable to the present case. The
main focus of both _Dubai Aluminium_ and _Lim Kok Koon_ was the extent to
which innocent members of a partnership could be made liable for the acts of
one partner who acted on a frolic of his own. One consideration in such cases
is the societal interest in protecting the innocent partners. This
consideration is not operative under s 409. As noted earlier at [103], a
different societal interest governs s 409, _viz_ , upholding the standards of
conduct in certain trades by the implementation of more severe punishments in
aggravated forms of CBT where purveyors of those trades breach the trust
placed in them. Further, the ordinary course of the business of a law firm is
not necessarily coextensive with the way of business of an advocate and
solicitor. While there are undoubtedly overlaps between the two, they are not
identical.

136 Insofar as TCY’s case is that it is _never_ within ordinary business of an
advocate and solicitor to act as an express trustee, I must disagree. It is
not the case that the moment a solicitor becomes an express trustee, he cannot
be acting in the way of his business as a solicitor. For example, when a
solicitor holds money for his client as a stakeholder in a conveyancing
transaction, he holds the money as an express trustee _and_ does so in the way
of his business as an advocate and solicitor. Indeed, solicitors are now
required by legislation to hold conveyancing moneys in the firm’s conveyancing
account as stakeholders (see r 4 of the Conveyancing and Law of Property
(Conveyancing) Rules 2011 (Cap 61, S 391/2011); and r 3(1)(A) of the Legal
Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8)). In fact, it was
acknowledged in _Lim Kok Koon_ at [37] that the furnishing of undertakings by
solicitors to third parties is part of the ordinary business of a law firm:

As a matter of law, the furnishing of undertakings by solicitors to third
parties is part of the ordinary business of a law firm. ... Even then, the
funds to enable such undertakings to be issued are first paid into the
clients’ accounts of the law firm concerned. Factually, it is uncommon for
moneys to be paid to a solicitor personally, as in this case.

While it may be factually uncommon for solicitors to hold the moneys
personally, this does not mean that it cannot be in the way of his business as
an advocate and solicitor, if he takes it upon himself to do so.

137 Therefore, I find that the issue is not whether being an express trustee
is part of the normal course of business of an advocate and solicitor as a
matter of law, but whether _on the facts_ of the instant case, TCY held the
S$1.5m in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor. Notably, while
Lai J held at [36] in _Lim Kok Koon_ that it was not in the ordinary business
of a law firm for its lawyers to act as express trustees, she added a caveat:

... _It would be a different matter altogether, if the first defendant had
been consulted on the construction of trust instruments_ which had already
been established by the plaintiff, or which the plaintiff intended to set up.
[emphasis added]

In the present case, TCY was consulted on the Loan Agreement and had drafted
it in the course of a solicitor-client relationship with the Tan Family.

138 One fact that Mr Khoo pointed to in support of TCY’s case that he had not
acted in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor is that TCY had
not rendered any bills for the work done that led up to the s 409 charges. He
pointed to an email from Tommy Tan to TCY dated 29 August 2002 in which Tommy
Tan stated that he wanted to pay TCY a fee but TCY had refused.[note: 19] At
the trial below, Mr Khoo put it to Tommy Tan that TCY’s rejection of a fee for
his work showed that TCY was not acting as a lawyer in holding the S$1.5m on
trust, but Tommy Tan disagreed:[note: 20]

QNow, the reason why [TCY] refused to charge you a fee for handling these five
matters of holding the monies in trust to get back from Ong Boon Chuan the 10%
to invest in Australia and to hold the 1.5 million is because he was not doing
it as a lawyer where he could charge a fee but he was doing it as a favour for
you and your family.

AHe said that, not me. I’m paying him, he don’t want.

...

QI put it to you that in respect of all matters in which he acted for you
professionally, like drafting the loan agreements for the CCC loan, right, and
so on for --- for incorporating your company and related matters, he send you
bills.

AYah, yah.

QCorrect?

AI’m the client.

QAnd that he did not want to charge you for these five transactions of holding
in trust, selling Poh Lian shares and putting the money in Australia was
because he was not acting for you as a lawyer

ADisagree.

QAll right.

ATotally disagree.

139 I find that nothing turns on the fact that the work was done _ex gratia_ ;
it is a factor that can go both ways. That TCY did not charge a fee for the
work done which led to the s 409 charges may show that he was not acting in
the way of his business as a solicitor, but may just as well show his
intention to forgo the lesser amount of billable work in favour of obtaining
the greater sums of S$1.5m and S$1,940,724.97.

140 More relevant is the correspondence between the parties which revealed
that TCY consistently referred to himself, and was referred to by others, in
his capacity as the Tan Family solicitor. A letter from Shankar, Nandwani &
Partners to Tan Cheng Yew & Partners dated 30 July 2001 stated that their
client, CCC, had enclosed a cheque for the sum of S$1.5m issued in favour of
“your solicitor, Mr Tan Cheng Yew”.[note: 21] Also on 30 July 2001, TCY wrote
a letter on the letterhead of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners to the Commissioner of
Stamp Duties for the assessment of the Loan Agreement. This letter provided
that “We [_ie_ , Tan Cheng Yew & Partners] are the solicitors for [the Tan
Family]” and that the Commissioner of Stamp Duties should not hesitate to
contact “our Mr Tan Cheng Yew” for any queries.[note: 22] The references to
TCY in his capacity as a solicitor continued after TCY subsequently joined Tan
& Lim. On 19 October 2001, TCY wrote a letter to the Tan Family on the
letterhead of Tan & Lim, stating the confirmation that Tommy Tan had put “our
Mr Tan Cheng Yew” as trustee for the estate in funds of S$1.5m.[note: 23] The
term “our Mr Tan Cheng Yew” is common parlance that a law firm uses when
referring to an advocate and solicitor practising with that law firm. Attached
to the letter dated 19 October 2001 was a copy of the fixed deposit slip for
the S$1.5m which bore the firm stamp of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners.[note: 24]
All this would contribute to the reasonable impression that TCY was acting in
the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor.

141 As noted earlier at [137], the Loan Agreement which gave rise to
entrustment of the S$1.5m to TCY on trust was drafted by TCY in the context of
his solicitor-client relationship with the Tan Family. The relationship
between the Tan Family and TCY was a solicitor-client relationship; not a
relationship between friends or relatives, or any other kind of relationship.
It must be remembered that while the plaintiff in _Lim Kok Koon_ was the CEO
of a public listed company and had previously consulted lawyers in his
capacity as the top management of the company, Tommy Tan in the present case
was said to be immature, naive, inexperienced, trusting, and “not a details
person” (see [5] above). To Tommy Tan, the fact that TCY was a lawyer was
crucial, and he trusted TCY to act as a trustee “because he was a
lawyer”.[note: 25] Had TCY not been a lawyer, Tommy Tan would not have
entrusted the S$1.5m to him.[note: 26] Tommy Tan disagreed that a person from
some other profession such as a doctor would be trusted to act as
trustee,[note: 27] and stated as follows:[note: 28]

QThe reason why you said the trustee shall be an advocate and solicitor in
Singapore is because you agreed with me generally people trust lawyers
generally.

AYes.

QAnd secondly it’s because the lawyer knows the law.

ATrue.

142 I therefore find that a reasonable person in the position of Tommy Tan and
the Tan Family would have understood TCY to be acting in the way of his
business as an advocate and solicitor. The facts support the finding that TCY
was acting in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor when the
S$1.5m was entrusted to him. It was as the Tan Family solicitor that TCY had
drafted the Loan Agreement which provided for the entrustment of the moneys to
himself, and he had convinced all parties that it was preferable to only have
one trustee, _viz_ , himself, rather than two trustees. He has confessed that
he intended to use the moneys for his own personal use, and the trustee
arrangement furthered this intention. I thus uphold TCY’s conviction on the
First Charge.

The Third Charge

143 One of TCY’s central arguments with regard to the Third Charge is that the
operative document at the material time was the Deed of Trust and not
Memorandum 1. As will be seen, this has an impact on each of the elements of
CBT under s 409.

144 I will first deal with the element of entrustment with dominion over the
property. Mr Khoo argued that the property which was entrusted to TCY was the
Poh Lian shares and not the proceeds of sale. This same argument had been
advanced at the trial below but was rejected as resting on too fine a
distinction (see [150] of the Judgment). Mr Khoo contended that the DJ had
erred in law by failing to take into account the decision in _Carl Elias Moses
v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R) 433 (“ _Carl Elias Moses_ ”).[note: 29]
The charge sheet in _Carl Elias Moses_ provided that the offender had been
entrusted with shares and that he had dishonestly misappropriated the sale
proceeds of the shares. Yong CJ found at [20] that the charge in that case was
defective, as it provided that the offender was “entrusted with one sort of
property but that he had dishonestly misappropriated another sort of
property”. There was also no evidence that the sale proceeds had been
entrusted to the offender.

145 In the present case, the charge provides that the sale proceeds amounting
to S$1,940,724.97 were entrusted to TCY, and that the sum of S$1,940,724.97
was then converted by TCY (see above at [1(c)]). In other words, the property
entrusted is the self-same property which was misappropriated and the charge
is not itself defective in the same way as that in _Carl Elias Moses_.

146 Further, in the present case, on a proper construction of Memorandum 1,
both the Poh Lian shares _and_ the sale proceeds from the sale of the Poh Lian
shares, once the sale had taken place, were entrusted to TCY. Memorandum 1
authorises Tan Cheng Yew & Partners to negotiate the sale of the Poh Lian
shares. As the DJ observed at [150] of the Judgment, it could not be the case
that the Tan Family entrusted the Poh Lian shares to TCY such that the
entrustment ended the moment the shares were sold, with the effect that TCY
could do whatever he wanted with the sale proceeds. This would be absurd. This
interpretation was not supported by TCY’s own evidence. While under cross-
examination, TCY described the sale proceeds of the Poh Lian shares as a debt
that he owed to Tommy Tan:[note: 30]

Witness:  |  So if he recalls the debt that I owed, then I would have to look for alternatives again.  
---|---  
Q  |  What debts would this be, Mr Tan? He has not loaned you anything.  
A |  Yah, it’s in relation to the matters in the 3rd charge.  
Q |  The proceeds from the sale of Poh Lian shares?  
A |  Yes, Sir.  
  
  

If there had been no obligation on TCY to return the sale proceeds of the Poh
Lian shares to Tommy Tan, TCY would not have owed Tommy Tan any debt in
relation to the sale proceeds. TCY’s obligation is best explained by the
entrustment of the sale proceeds of the Poh Lian shares, _ie_ , the
S$1,940,724.97, to him by the Tan Family.

147 Even if I accept TCY’s argument that the Deed of Trust was the operative
instrument rather than Memorandum 1, this does not assist TCY. Under the Deed
of Trust, TCY declared that he stood possessed of A$3m (comprising
S$1,940,724.97 and S$900,000) on trust for the Tan Family as beneficiaries.
Therefore, even on TCY’s case, there was entrustment.

148 As for the element of dishonesty, this is clearly made out. TCY admitted
in his long statement that the purported investment in an Australian bank was
simply a device that he used to trick Tommy Tan:[note: 31]

... _After I have managed to trick Tommy Tan_ into allowing me to hold on to
the sales proceeds [from the sale of the Poh Lian shares] in my bank accounts,
_I needed an excuse_ why I could not return him the money. ... [emphasis
added]

149 Again, the nub of the matter is whether TCY was acting in the way of his
business as an advocate and solicitor when he was entrusted with
S$1,940,724.97. As noted above, TCY’s case is that when the negotiation of the
sale of the Poh Lian shares failed, his authority under Memorandum 1 to act as
the Tan Family’s lawyer correspondingly ended. Therefore, the operative
instrument at the time of the sale of the Poh Lian shares was the Deed of
Trust. As TCY’s authority to act as the Tan Family’s lawyer had ended, the
sale of the Poh Lian shares on the open market was done in his personal
capacity. Mr Khoo argued that it is not in the nature of the business of an
advocate and solicitor to engage in commercial transactions such as the sale
of shares on behalf of a client. _Marc Lim_ was cited in support of this
proposition. At this juncture, I emphasise that the material event for the
purposes of the Third Charge is the sale of the Poh Lian shares, and not the
subsequent purported investment of the sale proceeds of Poh Lian shares.

150 With respect, I find that _Marc Lim_ is not directly applicable to the
present case. Like _Lim Kok Koon_ , the issue in _Marc Lim_ was whether the
innocent partners of a law firm should be made liable for the misdeeds of one
of the partners. The court was thus called on to determine whether the acts of
the partner in question were part of the ordinary business carried out by the
firm. It was in the context that the court stated:

41 One classic form of a non-trading partnership is the law firm. A law firm's
business is to provide legal services. It does not buy, sell or trade in
goods; neither does it engage in the business of extending credit. Although
like other partnership businesses in general, it is usual for a partner to buy
goods reasonably incidental to the law firm's business,  _the individual
partners of a law firm (or even the managing partner) generally have no
ostensible authority to,_ inter alia _, borrow money, enter into financial
commitments or give guarantees_. Such a power must be expressly conferred by
the partnership articles to bind the firm and its partners or impliedly given
by clear and incontrovertible conduct. The borrowing of money by a partner in
a non-trading firm is not usual conduct unless the firm's business is of such
a kind that it cannot be carried on in the usual way without such a power (see
[R C I'Anson Banks,  _Lindley & Banks on Partnership_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 18th
Ed, 2002)] at para 12-52). Plainly, a law firm does not satisfy this
criterion. [emphasis in original]

151 As stated earlier at [135], the business of a law firm is not necessarily
coextensive with the business of an advocate and solicitor. This distinction
was alluded to in _Marc Lim_ at [42]:

... a mere assurance by a solicitor that his undertaking is given in the usual
course of business is not sufficient to bind his partners where, on an
objective view, the undertaking had not been given in relation to an
underlying transaction of a kind which was part of the usual business of a
solicitor (see [_Hirst v Etherington [1999] Lloyd’s Rep PN 938_] at 945).

While _Marc Lim_ held that an assurance from a solicitor that an undertaking
was given in the usual course of business would be insufficient _to bind the
firm and the partners of the firm_ , nothing was said on whether the
undertaking would be sufficient to bind the _solicitor himself_. I see
absolutely no reason why it should not bind the solicitor himself.

152 Therefore, while it might not be in the way of a firm’s business to buy,
sell or trade in goods such as shares, it might be in the way of a solicitor’s
business, if he gives an undertaking to do so, and if a reasonable and
competent person of the same kind as the party dealing with the solicitor
believes him to be acting in the way of his business.

153 TCY had embarked on the sale of the Poh Lian shares after Memorandum 1 was
signed, and _before the Deed of Trust was entered into_. There was no
instrument which authorised TCY to sell the Poh Lian shares on the open market
in the intervening period. Therefore, although TCY has contended that the
operative instrument is the Deed of Trust, I find that at the time of
entrustment, the operative instrument was Memorandum 1. As noted above at
[23(b)], Memorandum 1 provided that “I, Tan Kwee Khoon Tommy ... authorize M/s
Tan Cheng Yew & Partners to negotiate the sale of all shares in Poh Lian
Holdings Limited ...”.[note: 32] TCY accepted that the authorisation under
Memorandum 1 was given to the firm and not to him in his personal
capacity.[note: 33] When TCY acted pursuant to Memorandum 1, he was thus
acting in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor.

154 While it is possible for an advocate and solicitor to act in his personal
capacity _vis-à-vis_ a client, the test is whether a reasonably careful and
competent person of the same kind as Tommy Tan and the Tan Family would have
understood TCY to be acting in the way of his business. The Tan Family had,
through Memorandum 1, authorised Tan Cheng Yew & Partners to negotiate the
sale of the Poh Lian shares to Poh Lian management. When the negotiations fell
through, TCY then sold the shares on the open market. In so doing, TCY gave no
indication he was acting otherwise than as a continuation of his initial
undertaking in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor. Far from
that, his actions had the effect of solidifying the impression that he
continued to act in the way of his business as an advocate and solicitor:

(a) Notably, in three separate letters, one dated 21 April 2001 and two dated
24 April 2001, TCY made disclosure of the sale of the Poh Lian shares on the
letterhead of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners.[note: 34] Tommy Tan was aware of this
as the letter dated 24 April 2001 had been copied to him.

(b) TCY’s letter to Tommy Tan dated 27 June 2001 had also been written on the
letterhead of Tan Cheng Yew & Partners.[note: 35] In that letter, TCY informed
Tommy Tan that the Poh Lian shares had been sold on the open market and
requested that Tommy Tan should “[p]lease let us know” when he would be free
for a meeting. Such language is indicative that TCY was writing on behalf of
Tan Cheng Yew & Partners.

(c) Further, even after the Deed of Trust was entered into, in a series of
emails dated 4 June 2002, TCY persisted in referring to Tommy Tan and the Tan
Family as his “clients”.[note: 36]

155 Taken as a whole, I find that a reasonable person in the position of Tommy
Tan and the Tan Family would find that TCY had been acting in the way of his
business as an advocate and solicitor based on his acts in furtherance of the
sale of the Poh Lian shares.

156 I come to Mr Khoo’s argument that the Deed of Trust amounts to an _ex post
facto_ authorisation of TCY’s conversion of the S$1,940,724.97.[note: 37] Mr
Khoo relied on the following clauses of the Deed of Trust:

3\. We hereby rectify [_sic_] all acts done by Tan Cheng Yew on our behalf
including all oral instructions given relating to the sale of shares in Poh
Lian Holdings Limited and the disposal of the proceeds of sale which were done
at our request and on our instructions or the instructions of Tan Kwee Khoon
Tommy, on whose instructions Tan Cheng Yew is fully entitled to act upon.

4\. …

5\. We hereby fully discharge Tan Cheng Yew from any further obligation owed
to us prior to this date in respect [of] the sale of shares in Poh Lian
Holdings Limited and the disposal of the said sale proceeds and any
obligations owed to us will be pursuant to the terms of this Deed of Trust
dated 25 May 2001 only and is superceded [sic] by the said Deed of Trust.

6\. We acknowledge that we have been advised to and have sought independent
legal advice.

If this amounts to an argument that TCY’s criminal liability is ameliorated by
the Deed of Trust, it is sorely misconceived. TCY has admitted to using the
moneys for his own purposes, primarily for the repayment of his gambling
debts, and he started doing so as early as 31 March 2001, before the Deed of
Trust was even entered into.[note: 38] Therefore, by the time the Deed of
Trust was entered into, Tan had already committed CBT under s 409. An
agreement to withdraw, discontinue or terminate criminal proceedings would be
against public policy.

157 Further, even if I accept that the Deed of Trust authorised TCY to invest,
_inter alia_ , the sale proceeds of the Poh Lian shares with an Australian
bank, this does not assist TCY. By TCY’s own admission, the S$1,940,724.97 was
never invested in an Australian bank:[note: 39]

But the truth of the matter is that by then, the original $1.9 million sale
proceeds of the Poh Lian shares were already dissipated. Really, there was no
time deposit with any Australian bank. ...

158 The fact that there was no investment in an Australian bank suffices to
dispose of the argument based on Memorandum 2. While Memorandum 2 provided
that the moneys would only be transferred to the Australia bank if the
beneficiaries expressly authorised it, this does not assist TCY as there was
never an investment.

159 I thus find that as regards the Third Charge, all the elements of CBT
under s 409 have been met. TCY’s conviction on the Third Charge is upheld.

Issue 5

160 TCY was convicted under the s 420 charges and challenges his conviction
under these two charges.

TCY’s case

The Second Charge

161 It is hotly disputed between TCY and the prosecution as to whether TCY
made a representation to Tommy Tan that it was a legal requirement for CCC, as
the borrower of the S$1.5m, to make payment to the Tan Family within the first
two years of the loan period. According to the prosecution, Tommy Tan did not
wish CCC to have to bear the burden of repayment as yet,[note: 40] TCY then
told him to give TCY the S$480,000 to make it appear as if CCC had made the
payment. For reasons which I will make clear later at [166], this dispute is a
red herring. TCY’s case is that Tommy Tan could not have been deceived by the
alleged representation.[note: 41] According to TCY, both Tommy Tan and Tan
Siew Hwee (a pastor with CCC) knew the terms of the Loan Agreement, and should
have known that CCC’s repayment obligations would not be triggered at the
material time.

162 At the trial below TCY had given a different account of the representation
that he made which induced Tommy Tan to part with the S$480,000. He contended
that the S$480,000 comprised the following sums:[note: 42]

(a) S$375,000 to be given to Vincent Tan, one of the beneficiaries under Tan
Siew Seng’s estate. Vincent Tan was allegedly unhappy about the loan to CCC as
he was not a Christian and not a member of CCC, and the distribution of
S$375,000 to him was to pacify him.

(b) S$5,000 as TCY’s legal fees.

(c) S$100,000 to be divided between other beneficiaries.

The Fourth Charge

163 Mr Khoo also raised a further argument that Tommy Tan had not been
deceived, as the Tan Family had obtained independent legal advice before
signing the Deed of Trust. He pointed out that the Deed of Trust was dated 25
May 2001, and that by May 2001 the Tan Family had consulted two lawyers, _viz_
, Shankar and one Peter Gabriel.[note: 43] Paragraph 6 of the Deed of Trust
thus provided an acknowledgement that the Tan Family had been advised to and
had sought independent legal advice.[note: 44] Mr Khoo argued that this
independent legal advice prevented the deception exercised by TCY from having
any effect, and thus the offence of cheating is not made out.

The prosecution’s case

The Second Charge

164 The prosecution contended that TCY’s arguments as regards the Second
Charge ignored the fact that there was a large degree of trust reposed by the
Tan Family, and especially Tommy Tan, in TCY. When TCY represented that there
was a legal requirement for CCC to repay the S$1.5m loan, Tommy Tan did not
ask why there was this requirement as he was then immature and young, and
relied on TCY’s guidance and advice to manage the money he inherited. Given
the nature of the relationship between the parties, the prosecution argued
that the logical construction of the Loan Agreement regarding the loan
repayment obligations was “irrelevant”.[note: 45]

Analysis and decision

The Second Charge

165 It is clear that there was delivery of S$480,000 from Tommy Tan to TCY.
TCY did not deny having received a cheque for the sum of S$480,000 from Tommy
Tan.[note: 46]

166 The next element that needs to be shown for the offence of cheating to be
made out is deception, _ie_ , the accused must have represented something to
the victim which the accused knew was not true. While there was a dispute on
what the representation made by TCY to Tommy Tan was, I find that this dispute
is a red herring. Whatever the representation was, be it that there was a
legal requirement for CCC to repay the loan within the first two years; or
that the money was required for distribution to the beneficiaries (see above
at [162]), _neither_ one was true. Crucially, TCY conceded in his long
statement that he had misappropriated the S$480,000 (ROP vol 3 p 2403):

... I am not saying I did not misappropriate the $480,000. I did
misappropriate the money for my own use but it is not the same way in which
the 2nd charge described it.

167 He then went on to admit that he had no intention of using the S$480,000
in the manner in which he informed Tommy Tan that the moneys would be used
for:[note: 47]

... I had not [sic] intention [sic] to distribute the $480,000 in the manner
in which I have described earlier.

In fact, between August 2001 and February 2002, I was chasing Tommy Tan for
the $480,000 by lying to him that I had intended to comply with his
instructions to distribute the $480,000 in the manner in which I have
described earlier.

But in reality, I was only lying to Tommy Tan as I was in debt and desperately
needed money to clear my debts. When I lied to Tommy Tan in the above, I had
no intention to fulfil them.

Therefore, even on the basis of TCY’s version, he knew that it was not true,
as he had no intention to use the S$480,000 for the represented purpose, but
intended to use it to repay his gambling debts.

168 For the sake of completeness I add that I agree with the DJ’s finding that
the alleged representation was as stated by Tommy Tan. At the trial below,
Tommy Tan had stated that TCY informed him of the purported legal requirement
on CCC to repay the loan within the first two years.[note: 48] Tommy Tan’s
testimony was corroborated by Tan Siew Hee who stated that TCY had called him
and explained that there was a legal requirement that payments had to be made
to the Tan Family during the first two years of the loan period.[note: 49] The
existence of the alleged representation is also supported by evidence. In an
email from Tommy Tan to TCY dated 29 August 2002, Tommy Tan had described the
S$480,000 being for church, _ie_ , CCC, building related purposes, and noted
that TCY was assisting him to get back the investment.[note: 50] Conversely,
TCY’s case that the S$480,000 comprised the S$375,000 to be paid to Vincent
Tan was not supported by the evidence. There was a separate cheque for the sum
of S$375,000 to Vincent Tan which predated the cheque for the S$480,000.[note:
51]

169 The next element that needs to be shown is that of inducement. The
deception does not need to have been the sole or main inducement for the
victim to have delivered the property to the accused (_Chow Dih v Public
Prosecutor_ [1990] 2 MLJ 197 (“ _Chow Dih_ ”)). This position has now been
codified in s 415 of the Penal Code. Tommy Tan stated that he would not have
given the S$480,000 to TCY if there had not been any legal requirement to do
so.[note: 52] He testified that he trusted TCY that there was in fact such a
legal requirement as TCY was his lawyer, whom he trusted, and he himself did
not know any better about the law:[note: 53]

... At the same time he told me it’s legal requirement. ... I mean there is a
law somewhere because we really don’t know. And he’s---I mean it was with him.
I mean it was spoken by him. so we thought it’s---legal requirement. We don’t
want to play along with the law. So we don’t know. So basically we---we
trusted him as a lawyer. So that’s what---the four-eighty [_ie_ , the
S$480,000] was given. ...

170 I thus find that the elements of cheating are made out under s 420 and
uphold TCY’s conviction on the Second Charge.

The Fourth Charge

171 TCY admitted that he received a cheque for the sum of S$900,000 from Tommy
Tan. There was thus delivery of the S$900,000 from Tommy Tan to TCY.

172 Deception is also made out. TCY admitted that he obtained the S$900,000 by
lying to Tommy Tan that the S$900,000 was to be invested in an Australian bank
together with the sale proceeds of the Poh Lian shares (_viz_ , the sum of
S$1,940,724.97 which forms the subject-matter of the Third Charge) to make up
the sum of A$3m. TCY had represented that he would only be able to negotiate
for a higher interest rate with the Australian bank if he had a larger sum of
money to invest and he thus required the additional S$900,000. However, TCY’s
true intention was to use the S$900,000 to settle his gambling debts:[note:
54]

Question 135 Is it true that sometime in May 2002, you persuaded Tommy Tan to
invest another S$900,000 in the time deposit with an Australian bank?

Answer Yes. I needed more money to settle my gambling debts and I lied to
Tommy Tan and his family that I would be in a better position to negotiate
with an Australian bank if I had more money to deposit.

But the truth of the matter is that by then, the original $1.9 million sales
proceeds of the Poh Lian shares were already dissipated. Really, there was no
time deposit with any Australian bank. I had no intention to place the
$900,000 in any account. I was going to use the money to settle my gambling
debts.

173 TCY’s case is that the element of inducement was not met, as the Tan
Family had obtained independent legal advice before signing the Deed of Trust
and his representation of the higher interest rates was no longer operative on
Tommy Tan’s mind when he delivered the S$900,000 to him. I note that the fact
that the S$900,000 was delivered to TCY three days after the Deed of Trust was
signed seems to support this. However, in response to questions from the DJ,
Tommy Tan was adamant that he would not have given TCY the S$900,000 were it
not for the representation of a higher interest rate:[note: 55]

Q... Would you have given him this amount of money [_ie_ , S$900,000] if you
had known that it was not to be used to earn you a better interest rate?

ANo, no. No way. No way. No way I will give this money away. [sic]

174 As noted above at [169], pursuant to _Chow Dih_ , the deception does not
need to have been the sole or main inducement. In other words, it suffices if
it was _an_ inducement, and it is clear that the representation made by TCY to
Tommy Tan regarding the higher interest rate had induced Tommy Tan to deliver
the S$900,000 to TCY.

175 Therefore, I agree with the DJ that the Deed of Trust did not exonerate
TCY from the act of deception which he had practised on Tommy Tan, with regard
to his request for the S$900,000 and the fact that he had committed breach of
trust in respect of the S$1,940,724.97 (Judgment at [161]).

Conclusion on MA 97/2011/02

176 In conclusion, I have found TCY’s convictions on each of the four charges
to be sound in law and to be made out on the facts. TCY’s appeal on conviction
is thus dismissed. I now turn to the MA 97/2011/01, _viz_ , the prosecution’s
appeal against sentence on the ground that the sentence imposed by the DJ was
manifestly inadequate.

Issue 6: Was the sentence manifestly inadequate?

177 The prosecution submitted that the sentence of nine years’ imprisonment
was manifestly inadequate, and pressed for a deterrent sentence in the region
of 13 years. It was argued that the sentences imposed were not consistent with
sentencing precedents and that the DJ had failed to attach sufficient weight
to the public interest in deterring errant lawyers who abscond after
misappropriating funds entrusted to them. The sentence also did not reflect
the aggravating factor that the four charges involved large sums of money.
While the DJ had correctly held that that there was no doubt that the amounts
involved in the four charges involved were “significantly high” and that “[b]y
any standard this would be regarded a substantial sum considering that these
offences were committed almost 10 years ago” (at [179] of the Judgment), this
was not reflected in the sentence meted out.

178 The following sentences were imposed by the DJ for each charge:

(a) five years’ imprisonment for the First Charge under s 409 involving
S$1,500,000;

(b) three years’ imprisonment for the Second Charge under s 420 involving
S$480,000;

(c) five years’ imprisonment for the Third Charge under s 409 involving
S$1,940,724.97; and

(d) four years’ imprisonment for the Fourth Charge under s 420 involving
S$900,000.

The total sum involved in the four charges was S$4,820,724.97. The DJ ordered
the sentences for the First Charge and Fourth Charge to run consecutively with
the remaining sentences running concurrently, for a total of nine years’
imprisonment.

179 The prosecution did not cite any sentencing precedent for CBT under s 409
committed by members of the legal profession that involved sums of
approximately similar magnitude, but submitted that the sentences imposed by
the DJ were not in line with the relevant benchmarks. The prosecution pointed
to a number of cases (see below at [182]) involving smaller sums where
proportionately heavier sentences were imposed under s 409 prior to the Penal
Code (Amendment) Act 2007 (No 51 of 2007) (“the 2008 amendments to the Penal
Code”). The 2008 amendments to the Penal Code increased the maximum punishment
under s 409 from ten years’ imprisonment or life imprisonment to twenty years’
imprisonment or life imprisonment.

180 In _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor_ [1990] 2 SLR(R) 361 (“
_Philip Wong_ ”), the offender pleaded guilty to two charges under s 409 with
four charges taken into consideration for sentencing. The total sum involved
in the six charges was S$1,841,232.36 and the two charges involved
S$143,220.15 and S$683,039.40 respectively. No restitution was made. The
offender was sentenced to 36 months for each charge, with both charges ordered
to run consecutively for a total of 72 months. On appeal, Chan Sek Keong J
upheld the sentence. In _Sarjit Singh (HC)_ , the offender was convicted of
one charge under s 409 for dishonestly misappropriating S$4815.24 from the
firm’s client account. He was sentenced to seven months’ imprisonment. On
appeal, Yong CJ enhanced the sentence to 36 months’ imprisonment. I was also
directed to _Public Prosecutor v Tan Chong Phang Victor_ (DAC 47721-80/2008)
(“ _Victor Tan_ ”), an unreported decision where the offender, a solicitor,
was sentenced to 30 months’ imprisonment for an offence involving S$32,484.

181 With respect to the sentences imposed for the s 420 charges, the
prosecution relied on the case of _Leong Wai Nam_ , where a solicitor was
sentenced to two-and-a-half years’ of imprisonment for a cheating offence
involving S$4,300. The accused in that case was sentenced under the pre-2008
Penal Code regime, where the maximum punishment under s 420 was seven years’
imprisonment. The maximum punishment has been increased to ten years’
imprisonment pursuant to the 2008 amendments to the Penal Code.

182 The following table shows the sentences imposed by the court against the
amounts involved. Unless otherwise stated, the offences committed in these
cases pre-date the 2008 amendments to the Penal Code.

|  Case |  Offence  |  Amount involved (S$) |  Sentence (months)  
---|---|---|---|---  
1 |  _Leong Wai Nam_ |  S 409 (as attorney) |  48,000 |  36 (enhanced from 18) (consecutive)  
S 406 |  1,800 |  6  
S 409 (as agent) |  1,300 |  10  
S 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) |  4,300 |  30 (enhanced from 14) (consecutive)  
S 409 (as agent) |  1,500 |  10  
S 409 (as agent) |  4,000 |  12 (consecutive)  
TIC 10 charges (2 under s 406, 7 under s 409, 1 under s 420) |  32,470.38 (restitution of 25,000 made) |   
**Total (including taking into consideration (“TIC”) charges and subtracting restitution)** |  **68,370.38** |  **78**  
2 |  _Sarjit Singh (HC)_ |  S 409 (as agent) |  4,815.24 |  36 (enhanced from 7)  
3 |  _Victor Tan_ |  S 409 (as attorney) |  32,484 |  30 (consecutive)  
S 406 |  73,795.50 |  24 (consecutive)  
S 465 of the Penal Code (“s 465”) |  13,555.50 |  12  
TIC 29 charges under s 465 |  (restitution of 11,500 made) |   
**Total (including TIC charges and subtracting restitution)** |  **181,575** |  **54**  
4 |  _Philip Wong_ |  S 409 (as agent) |  143,220.15 |  36 (consecutive)  
S 409 (as agent) |  683,039.40 |  36 (consecutive)  
TIC 4 charges under s 409 (as agent) |  1,014,972.81 (no restitution) |   
**Total (including TIC charges)** |  **1,841,232.36[note: 56]** |  **72**  
  
  

183 By way of comparison, the following table shows the sums involved and the
sentences imposed in the present case by the DJ.

|  Offence  |  Amount involved |  Sentence (months)  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  S 409 (as attorney) |  S$1.5m |  60  
2 |  S 420 |  S$480,000 |  36 (concurrent)  
3 |  S 409 (as attorney) |  S$1,940,724.97 |  60 (concurrent)  
4 |  S 420 |  S$900,000 |  48 (consecutive)  
**Total** |  **S$4,820,724.97** |  **108 months** **(9 years)**  
  
  

184 The larger the amount misappropriated, the greater the degree of
culpability, and the more severe the sentence that may be imposed by the
court: see _Philip Wong_ , approved in _Public Prosecutor v Lee Meow Sim
Jenny_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 369 and _Gopalakrishnan Vanitha v Public Prosecutor_
[1999] 3 SLR(R) 310. However, it is commonsense that sentences imposed for CBT
or cheating offences do not bear a relationship of linear proportionality with
the sums involved. I therefore do not think that the mere fact that
proportionately higher sentences were given for smaller sums must inevitably
mean that the sentence in the present appeal was manifestly inadequate and out
of line with sentencing precedents. I am, however, in agreement with the
prosecution that the DJ did not give sufficient weight to the aggravating
factors and the need for general deterrence in the public interest; despite
the DJ’s reference to the “totality” principle, the overall sentence did not
reflect the overall gravity of TCY’s fraudulent conduct.

185 The DJ rightly did not consider that there was any significant distinction
between TCY’s conduct and that of a solicitor who embezzles money from client
accounts – as was the case in _Leong Wai Nam_ , _Sarjit Singh (HC)_ and
_Philip Wong_ – and rejected the defence submission that TCY’s conduct should
therefore be viewed less severely. However, in my view, TCY’s conduct is in
fact _more egregious_ than the typical breach of trust by a solicitor. This is
because much pre-meditation and planning had gone into these offences. It was
not merely a situation where he had taken money entrusted to him in his
professional capacity, but where he had _actively_ abused the unstinting trust
reposed in him as both a lawyer and a friend to procure the entrustment of
moneys to him that he had no intention of returning from the outset. TCY had
taken full advantage of the trust reposed in him by Tommy Tan by taking
carefully calculated steps to put himself in a position where he could exploit
that trust for his personal benefit.

186 With respect, the DJ also erred in giving substantial mitigatory weight to
the fact that TCY was a “first offender”. TCY had repeatedly defrauded Tommy
Tan and his family over an extended period, and the leniency that may be
extended to an offender who transgresses the law on an isolated occasion does
not apply to an offender who was simply fortuitous in avoiding detection on
the first occasion: see _Public Prosecutor v Koh Seah Wee and another_ [2012]
1 SLR 292 at [56].

187 More importantly, I consider that the DJ failed to give due regard to the
public interest in imposing a general deterrence sentence in categories of
cases such as the present. The principles relating to general deterrence were
explained by V K Rajah J (“Rajah J”) in _Public Prosecutor v Law Aik Meng_
[2007] 2 SLR(R) 814. Rajah J considered the _type_ of offence that would
warrant a general deterrence sentence (at [24]):

24 General deterrence aims to educate and deter other like-minded members of
the general public by making an example of a particular offender: _Meeran bin
Mydin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR(R) 522 at [9] (“ _Meeran bin Mydin_ ”). Premeditated
offences aside, there are many other situations where general deterrence
assumes significance and relevance. These may relate to the type and/or
circumstances of a particular offence. Some examples of the types of offences,
which warrant general deterrence are:

...

(c) _Offences involving professional or corporate integrity or abuse of
authority_ : In the leading local decision of _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v PP_
[1990] 2 SLR(R) 361, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) emphatically asserted
at [30] that the criminal breach of trust by a lawyer in the discharge of his
professional duty must inevitably call for a custodial sentence of a deterrent
nature, not so much to deter the offender concerned but rather to deter other
members of his profession from committing similar offences. It is axiomatic
from this statement that general deterrence is an important consideration in
many commercial offences. A similar view was taken by the English Court of
Appeal in _R v John Barrick_ [1985] 7 Cr App R (S) 142, a guideline judgment
declaring that breach of trust by professional workers was a significant
aggravating factor that should precipitate more severe penalties: see the
observations of Mirko Bagaric in _Punishment & Sentencing: a Rational
Approach_ (Cavendish Publishing Limited, 2001) at p 139, footnote 49. Offences
involving listed companies could similarly come under this category. ...

[emphasis in original]

188 In the oft cited words of Chan Sek Keong J, in _Philip Wong_ at [30]:

Lawyers trade on their honesty. They sell their trustworthiness. Accordingly,
one of the gravest offences an advocate and solicitor can commit is to take
his clients' money. Criminal breach of trust by a lawyer in the discharge of
his professional duty must inevitably call for a custodial sentence of a
deterrent nature, not so much as to deter the offender concerned but to deter
other members of his profession from committing similar offences.

With respect, I agree fully with these observations. An advocate and solicitor
is an officer of the court to which he had pledged his full assistance in
upholding justice and the law. He is granted the exclusive privilege to
represent a party in courts of law and commands a level of trust unequalled in
any profession. Where lawyers commit an offence, it strikes at the very heart
of the profession – its honour and integrity. Where lawyers commit an offence
against the clients who entrust them with their business and personal affairs
as well as their money, the court will not hesitate to impose a strong
deterrent sentence.

Conclusion on MA 97/2011/01

189 Accordingly, I hold that the overall sentence was manifestly inadequate
and order that the sentences for the First Charge and Third Charge be enhanced
to imprisonment of six years, with the sentence in the Third Charge to run
consecutively with that in the First Charge. I will not interfere with the
sentences of imprisonment for the Second Charge and Fourth Charge, which will
run concurrently with the sentences in the First Charge and Third Charge. In
summary the sentences are as follows:

Charge |  Sentence  
---|---  
The First Charge |  Six years’ imprisonment  
The Second Charge |  Three years’ imprisonment (concurrently with the sentence for the First Charge)  
The Third Charge |  Six years’ imprisonment (consecutively with the sentence for the First Charge)  
The Fourth Charge |  Four years’ imprisonment (concurrently with the sentence for the First Charge)  
|  Total: 12 years’ imprisonment  
  
  

190 The total sentence of imprisonment is therefore 12 years, to be backdated
to commence from 22 October 2009, the date of TCY’s extradition to Singapore.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (“RP”) vol 3 at p 2190

[note: 2]RP at p 2190

[note: 3]RP vol 5 at p 3632

[note: 4]RP vol 4 at p 2719

[note: 5]RP vol 4 at p 2720

[note: 6]RP vol 4 at p 2723

[note: 7]RP vol 4 at p 2710

[note: 8]Mr Khoo’s skeletal arguments at para 60

[note: 9]Prosecution’s skeletal arguments at para 67

[note: 10]RP vol 3 at p 2401

[note: 11]Mr Khoo’s submissions at para 75

[note: 12]ROP vol 5 at p 3902

[note: 13]ROP vol 5 at p 3899

[note: 14]ROP vol 1 at p 675

[note: 15]prosecution’s skeletal arguments at para 72

[note: 16]ROP vol 5 at pp 3937 – 3938

[note: 17]NE at pp 227 – 228

[note: 18]ROP vol 3 at p 2406

[note: 19]ROP vol 4 at p 2521

[note: 20]ROP vol 1 at pp 551 – 553

[note: 21]ROP vol 3 at p 2206

[note: 22]ROP vol 4 at p 2724

[note: 23]ROP vol 3 at p 2208

[note: 24]ROP vol 3 at p 2209

[note: 25]ROP vol 1 at p 201

[note: 26]ROP vol 1 at p 493

[note: 27]ROP vol 1 at p 201

[note: 28]ROP vol 1 at p 202

[note: 29]Mr Khoo’s submissions at para 84

[note: 30]ROP vol 2 at p 1399

[note: 31]ROP vol 3 at pp 2409 – 2410

[note: 32]ROP vol 5 at p 3822

[note: 33]ROP vol at p 39 para 39(b)

[note: 34]ROP at pp 3867, 3870, 3873

[note: 35]ROP at p 3862

[note: 36]ROP vol 4 at pp 2746 – 2748

[note: 37]ROP vol 3 at p 2191

[note: 38]ROP vol 3 at pp 2410 – 2412

[note: 39]ROP vol 3 at p 2413

[note: 40]ROP vol 1 at p 128

[note: 41]ROP vol 1 at p 45

[note: 42]ROP vol 3 at p 2404

[note: 43]ROP vol 1 at pp 375 – 376 and 488

[note: 44]ROP vol 3 at p 2191

[note: 45]prosecution’s skeletal arguments at para 104

[note: 46]ROP vol 2 at p 1171

[note: 47]ROP vol 3 at pp 2405 – 2406

[note: 48]ROP vol 1 at p 129

[note: 49]ROP vol 1 at p 561

[note: 50]ROP vol 4 at p 2521

[note: 51]ROP vol 2 at pp 1435 – 1436

[note: 52]ROP vol 1 at p 131

[note: 53]ROP vol 1 at p 129

[note: 54]ROP vol 3 at p 2413

[note: 55]ROP vol 1 at p 150

[note: 56]While _Philip Wong_ at [4] calculates the total to be
S$1,841,232.20, this calculation is incorrect

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

