Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Wong Seng Kwan _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 81

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 462 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 17 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Manoj Nandwani (Gabriel Law Corporation) for the
appellant; Sanjna Rai (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Wong Seng Kwan — Public Prosecutor  
  
17 April 2012|  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 Are finders keepers? One could be forgiven for thinking that the law on such
a simple question is relatively settled. However, as demonstrated in this
case, a finder can in certain circumstances attract criminal liability.

2 It is important to recognise that civil liability for property claims has a
direct bearing on criminal liability in respect of offences under Chapter XVII
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed), collectively known as “Offences
Against Property”. Therefore, an understanding of the scope and content of
property rights in civil law is essential for a proper interpretation of
criminal law provisions relating to property offences. As fittingly observed
by Lord Macaulay in his book, _Speeches and Poems, with the Report and Notes
on the Indian Penal Code_ (Riverside Press, 1867) at p 432:

There is such a mutual relation between the different parts of the law that
those parts must all attain perfection together. That portion, be it what it
may, which is selected to be first put into the form of a code, with whatever
clearness and precision it may be expressed and arranged, must necessarily
partake to a considerable extent of the uncertainty and obscurity in which
other portions are still left.

This observation applies with peculiar force to that important portion of the
penal code which we now propose to consider. _The offences defined in this
chapter are made punishable on the ground that they are violations of the
right of property; but the right of property is itself the creature of the
law. It is evident, therefore, that if the substantive civil law touching this
right be imperfect or obscure, the penal law which is auxiliary to that
substantive law, and of which the object is to add a sanction to that
substantive law, must partake of the imperfection or obscurity. It is
impossible for us to be certain that we have made proper penal provisions for
violations of civil rights till we have a complete knowledge of all civil
rights; and this we cannot have while the law respecting those rights is
either obscure or unsettled._ As the present state of the civil law causes
perplexity to the legislator in framing the penal code, so it will
occasionally cause perplexity to the judges in administering that code. If it
be matter of doubt what things are the subjects of a certain right, in whom
that right resides, and to what that right extends, it must also be matter of
doubt whether that right has or has not been violated.

[emphasis added]

3 The appellant, Wong Seng Kwan, was convicted in the court below of dishonest
misappropriation of the cash taken from a wallet which he found on the floor
of the Marina Bay Sands Casino (“the Casino”). He was sentenced to a fine of
$2,000 and in default two weeks’ imprisonment. He appealed against the
conviction and after hearing the parties, I was satisfied that the conviction
was safe and dismissed the appeal. However, as the appeal had raised an
interesting issue of public interest, I decided to issue my detailed grounds
to provide some clarity on the rights and obligations of a finder against the
backdrop of the offence of dishonest misappropriation of property under s 403
of the Penal Code (“s 403”). This judgment will explain what steps, if any, a
finder of lost property in a public place should take in order to avoid or
minimise the risk of criminal liability. On my direction, both the Prosecution
and counsel for the Defence, Mr Manoj Nandwani (“Mr Nandwani”) filed further
submissions to assist the court in providing my detailed grounds. I would like
to record my appreciation to both counsel for their clear and concise
submissions.

Facts

4 This appeal arose from the decision of the trial judge (“the Judge”) in
_Public Prosecutor v Wong Seng Kwan_ [2011] SGDC 197. The appellant, Wong Seng
Kwan, was tried on the following amended charge:

DAC 25615/2010

You,

Wong Seng Kwan, Male, 40 years old

D.O.B: 19-06-1970

Passport No.: [XXX] (MALAYSIAN)

are charged that you, on the 10th day of June 2010, at or about 1.48am, at
Marina Bay Sands Casino, Singapore did dishonestly misappropriate to your own
use a wallet, which you knew to be the property of a person other than
yourself, to wit by not returning the wallet to the security personnel of
Marina Bay Sands Casino and instead taking out cash from the said wallet and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 403 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224.

5 The facts of this case were relatively uncomplicated because the Prosecution
and the Defence tendered an Agreed Statement of Facts[note: 1], which stated,
_inter alia_ , that:

**Agreed Statement of Facts**

...

4On 10 June 2010 at about 1am, the complainant was gambling at Marina Bay
Sands, Casino, at the ‘Midi Baccarat’ table and placed her wallet of unknown
brand and value on the side of the chair she was seated.

5On 10 June 2010 at about 1.46am, while the complainant was gambling at the
said ‘Midi Baccarat’ table, the complainant dropped her wallet on the floor
near the said ‘Midi Baccarat’ table. On 10 June 2010 at about 1.48am, the
accused came along and picked up the complainant’s wallet from the floor. The
accused then _walked towards the toilet with the complainant’s wallet_ at
about 1.50am on 10 June 2010. The accused then came out of the toilet at about
1.53am on 10 June 2010 _without holding the complainant’s wallet in his
hands._

6The accused was spotted and detained by the security staff of [the Casino].
_A search of the wallet was made by the security staff of [the Casino] but the
wallet could not be recovered._

[emphasis added]

6 The Prosecution adduced the security tapes of the Casino (“CCTV recording”)
to establish the facts stated in the Agreed Statement of Facts. The main issue
at the trial below was whether the confession was voluntarily made by the
appellant to the police (“the Long Statement”). After conducting a _voir dire_
, the Judge found that the Long Statement was made voluntarily without any
threat, inducement, promise or any form of oppressive conduct and admitted it
in evidence. The Long Statement[note: 2] contained the following confessions:

4In the toilet, I discovered that the wallet belonged to a foreigner. I assume
that the wallet belonged to a foreigner as I noticed that there were dollar
notes of 10 RMB currency and S$150/- in three denominations. _At this juncture
I took the cash of S$150/- out from the wallet as I believed that the owner
might has (sic) left the casino. I then leave the wallet behind on the toilet
roll tray._ I then left the toilet and proceed to play cards in the lounge
area.

...

7The following questions were posed to me:

Q1)Did you admit picking up a brown wallet while you were in the casino?

A1)Yes.

Q2)Why did you take the wallet with you to the toilet?

A2)I was urgently using the toilet.

Q3)While I _(sic)_ was on the way to the toilet where do you placed the
wallet?

A3)I placed it in my rear left pocket.

Q4)What is your intention bringing the wallet to the toilet?

A4)I urgently need to use the toilet so I brought it along.

Q5)What do you intent to do with the wallet after you use the toilet?

A5)I wanted to check who the wallet belongs to.

Q6) _What happened after you check?_

A6) _I just took the money and leave the wallet there for someone else to pick
it up._

Q7)Do you admit taking the money, cash amounting to S$150/-?

A7) _Yes._

Q8)Where is the cash now?

A8)The cash is with me _in my wallet_.

Q9)Police is going to seize the cash as case exhibit, do you have anything to
say?

A9)No.

Q10)Do you have anything else to add?

A10) _It was a spur of moment I was not sure why I commit the act._ I have a
lot of money in my pocket at the time of incident. _I am remorseful of my
action._ This is my first time arrested by the police. I hope to be given a
chance. I admit that this is the biggest mistake in my life and I regretted
it.

[emphasis added]

In addition, the Judge accepted the evidence of the police investigation
officers that the appellant made an oral confession that he had removed the
cash from the wallet, when he was shown the CCTV recording.

7 At the trial below, the complainant, Ms Sun Yan Li (“Ms Sun”), testified
that when she went to the Casino on 10 June 2010, her wallet contained, _inter
alia_ , about S$200 in cash, a RMB10 banknote, her China identification card,
a Singapore credit card and a China bank card.[note: 3]

8 Although the appellant admitted to picking up the wallet, at the trial, he
vehemently denied taking the cash from the wallet. The appellant also denied
that he saw any identification documents (_eg_ , Ms Sun’s China identification
card) in the wallet. However, after hearing all the evidence, the Judge
disbelieved his defence. The Judge held at [45] that:

The numerous discrepancies in the Defence’s case and the incredulous
explanations put forth by the Accused led me to the irresistible conclusion
that he was not a truthful witness. I disbelieved his defence that although he
had picked up the wallet and checked its contents, he had not taken the cash
from the wallet.

9 The Long Statement, which was admitted in evidence by the Judge,
corroborated the above finding. Consequently, the Judge, after a seven-day
trial, convicted the appellant of the offence of dishonest misappropriation of
property under s 403 and sentenced him to a fine of $2,000 and in default two
weeks’ imprisonment.

Appellant’s case

10 Mr Nandwani raised the following grounds on appeal:

(a) that there was no good Samaritan law mandating the appellant to return an
item that he stumbled upon;

(b) that the appellant had no intention to cause any wrongful gain or wrongful
loss;

(c) that the Judge failed to consider that the appellant could not have taken
the money from the wallet because none of the other items alleged to be in the
wallet were found on the appellant;

(d) that the Judge gave undue weight to the Long Statement because based on
contemporaneous evidence, there were factual inconsistencies in the Long
Statement, and any doubt should have been resolved in the favour of the
appellant; and

(e) that objective evidence adduced at trial was sufficient to raise a
reasonable doubt to justify the appellant’s acquittal.

Prosecution’s case

11 In response, the Prosecution made the following submissions that the
decision of the Judge should be upheld:

(a) the Judge found that the confession in the Long Statement was made
voluntarily and the appellant was not a truthful witness;

(b) although the appellant could easily have ascertained the identity of the
wallet’s owner; or alternatively, handed over the wallet to the security
personnel of the Casino, he did not do so;

(c) Ms Sun’s testimony in court was reliable and the Judge was correct to hold
that there were sufficient identification documents in the wallet to enable
the appellant to locate its owner; and

(d) the facts of the present case fell squarely within Explanation 2 and
Illustration (e) to Explanation 2 of s 403.

12 The above arguments essentially concerned two key issues which were
dispositive of the appeal:

(a) whether the appellant had dishonestly misappropriated the cash from the
wallet; and

(b) whether the appellant had reasonable means to ascertain the identity of
the owner of the wallet.

13 Although both issues are largely factual in nature, their determination
involved an examination of the rights of the appellant as finder of the wallet
and the steps which he was required to take on finding the lost property.
Before doing so, it is perhaps useful to provide some overview of the property
offences under the Penal Code and to explain how they differ from each other.

An overview of property offences in the Penal Code

14 The distinction between criminal misappropriation and other property
offences such as theft, cheating and criminal breach of trust may not be
immediately apparent to a layperson. They all involve property and an element
of dishonesty but the punishment provisions are somewhat different.

15 While the element of dishonesty is common to all property offences, the
critical distinction between criminal misappropriation, theft, cheating and
criminal breach of trust lies in the manner in which the accused person
_initially_ comes across the movable property. An accused person commits
_theft_ if the movable property was originally in the possession of some other
person and the accused person moves the property with a dishonest intention to
take it. For _criminal misappropriation_ , the accused person _initially_
comes across the movable property in a legally neutral manner (_eg_ , by
finding), and he _subsequently_ forms a dishonest intention to deal with the
movable property in a manner that is inconsistent with the rights of the true
owner. As for _criminal breach of trust_ , the accused person is entrusted
with property or dominion over the property at the outset by another person,
and he dishonestly uses or disposes of that property in abuse of trust while
for _cheating_ , the possession of the property is voluntarily handed over to
the accused person as a result of his deceitful or fraudulent
misrepresentation.

16 The fact that an accused person charged with the offence of criminal
misappropriation would usually have come across the movable property in a
legally neutral manner is significant, because while civil rights and
liabilities would attach at the moment when the accused person asserts
possession over the property, criminal liability would _only_ attach _when_
the accused person forms a dishonest intention. According to Dr Hari Singh
Gour, _Penal Law of India_ (Law Publishers (India) Pvt Ltd, 11th Ed, 2011) (“
_Gour_ ”) at p 3918:

**6\. What is criminal misappropriation?**

…

The illustrations to Sec. 403, which are rather statements of principle than
mere illustrations, clearly show that the essence of criminal misappropriation
of property is that the property comes into the possession of the accused in
some neutral manner, whereas the illustrations in Sec. 405 show equally
clearly that the property comes into the possession of the accused either by
an express entrustment or by some process placing the accused in a position of
trust. …

The question whether the act is theft or misappropriation depends upon when
the dishonestly began — was it before or after the thing came into possession.
This is a point of division as much between the two offences — theft and
criminal misappropriation in the Code … In theft the initial taking is
wrongful, _in criminal misappropriation it is indifferent and may even be
innocent, but_ _it becomes wrongful by a subsequent change of intention_ , or
from knowledge of some new fact with which the party was not previously
acquainted [_Bhagiram v Ahar Dome_ ILR 15 Cal 388, at 400].

[emphasis added]

17 Given that the distinction between theft and dishonest misappropriation of
movable property depends on whether the _initial_ taking is wrongful, and that
criminal liability might still attach on a subsequent change in intention, it
is important for a finder to know when the taking of the movable property,
though _initially_ neutral, may nonetheless _subsequently_ become wrongful.

Ingredients of an offence under s 403

18 I believe it would be useful to set out s 403 in its entirety as the
Explanations and Illustrations are of assistance in its interpretation.

**Dishonest misappropriation of property**

**403**. Whoever **_dishonestly misappropriates_** or **_converts to his own
use_** movable p _rop_ erty, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term
which may extend to 2 years, or with fine, or with both.

_Illustrations_

(a) A takes property belonging to Z out of Z’s possession in good faith
believing, at the time when he takes it, that the property belongs to himself.
A is not guilty of theft; but if A, after discovering his mistake, dishonestly
appropriates the property to his own use, he is guilty of an offence under
this section.

(b) A, being on friendly terms with Z, goes into Z’s house in Z’s absence and
takes away a book without Z’s express consent. Here, if A was under the
impression that he had Z’s implied consent to take the book for the purpose of
reading it, A has not committed theft. But if A afterwards sells the book for
his own benefit, he is guilty of an offence under this section.

(c) A and B being joint owners of a horse, A takes the horse out of B’s
possession, intending to use it. Here, as A has a right to use the horse, he
does not dishonestly misappropriate it. But if A sells the horse and
appropriates the whole proceeds to his own use, he is guilty of an offence
under this section.

_Explanation_ 1.—A dishonest misappropriation for a time only is a
misappropriation within the meaning of this section.

_Illustration_

A finds a Government promissory note belonging to Z, bearing a blank
endorsement. A, knowing that the note belongs to Z, pledges it with a banker
as a security for a loan, intending at a future time to restore it to Z. A has
committed an offence under this section.

**_Explanation 2.—A person who finds property not in the possession of any
other person, and takes such property for the purpose of protecting it for, or
of restoring it to the owner, does not take or misappropriate it dishonestly,
and is not guilty of an offence; but he is guilty of the offence above
defined, if he appropriates it to his own use, when he knows or has the means
of discovering the owner, or before he has used reasonable means to discover
and give notice to the owner, and has kept the property a reasonable time to
enable the owner to claim it._**

**_What are reasonable means, or what is a reasonable time in such a case, is
a question of fact._**

**_It is not necessary that the finder should know who is the owner of the
property, or that any particular person is the owner of it; it is sufficient
if, at the time of appropriating it, he does not believe it to be his own
property, or in good faith believe that the real owner cannot be found._**

_Illustrations_

(a) A finds a dollar on the high road, not knowing to whom the dollar belongs.
A picks up the dollar. Here A has not committed the offence defined in this
section.

(b) A finds a letter on the high road, containing a bank note. From the
direction and contents of the letter he learns to whom the note belongs. He
appropriates the note. He is guilty of an offence under this section.

(c) A finds a cheque payable to bearer. He can form no conjecture as to the
person who has lost the cheque. But the name of the person who has drawn the
cheque appears. A knows that this person can direct him to the person in whose
favour the cheque was drawn. A appropriates the cheque without attempting to
discover the owner. He is guilty of an offence under this section.

(d) A sees Z drop his purse with money in it. A picks up the purse with the
intention of restoring it to Z, but afterwards appropriates it to his own use.
A has committed an offence under this section.

(e) A finds a purse with money, not knowing to whom it belongs; he afterwards
discovers that it belongs to Z, and appropriates it to his own use. A is
guilty of an offence under this section.

(f) A finds a valuable ring, not knowing to whom it belongs. A sells it
immediately without attempting to discover the owner. A is guilty of an
offence under this section.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

19 In order to make out the offence under s 403, the Prosecution must prove
the following elements beyond reasonable doubt:

(a) the movable property (“lost chattel”) must belong to some person other
than the accused person;

(b) there must be an act of misappropriation or conversion to his own use; and

(c) the accused person must possess a dishonest intention.

20 I shall examine each ingredient separately, discuss the issues arising
thereunder and apply the law to the facts of this appeal. I shall also make
some general observations to alert members of the public as to what they
should do when they come across lost chattel. It should be made clear that
finders are but one species of persons who could be criminally liable for
misappropriation or conversion under s 403. This judgment, however, will focus
principally on the position of a finder like the appellant in this case, with
specific reference to Explanation 2 and Illustrations (a) to (f) thereunder.

Element 1: Property belonging to someone else

Abandoned property

21 The significance of this ingredient is that the offence does not arise if
the lost chattel has been _abandoned_ since in such a case there is really no
owner to speak of. In this case, there can be no suggestion that Ms Sun had
abandoned her wallet. Whether a lost chattel has been abandoned is essentially
a question of fact to be inferred from the surrounding circumstances. Factors
such as (a) the place where the chattel was found; (b) the nature of the
chattel; and (c) the value of the chattel are relevant considerations to
determine whether the owner had intended to abandon the chattel. It is
ultimately an exercise of common sense. The higher the value of the lost
chattel, the less likely it has been abandoned by the owner.

22 The topic of abandonment of property was recently comprehensively surveyed
by Associate Professor Saw Cheng Lim in _The Law of Abandonment and the
Passing of Property in Trash_ (2011) 23 SAcLJ 145, where the learned author
explained at p 167 that the circumstances surrounding the discarding of
chattels should raise the irresistible inference that the original owners had
clearly abandoned them – both possession and ownership. Associate Professor
Saw concluded at p 173 that given that it is difficult to predict with any
certainty how much proof is required to establish a specific and unequivocal
intention on the part of the original owner to abandon the property in
question, the courts should be slow to make any finding of abandonment except
in the clearest of cases. I agree with the view expressed by Associate
Professor Saw.

Rights of a finder

23 In understanding the relevance of this issue, it is necessary to note that
finders do acquire certain rights to lost chattel found by them. However,
where the finder is able to locate the owner but fails to do so, he may be
convicted of the offence under s 403. As such, it is particularly pertinent to
discuss the rights of the finder and the reasonable steps that the finder is
obliged to take to avoid criminal liability.

24 This issue is part of the critical path in determining whether the offence
under s 403 is made out. As pointed out at [19] above, the first ingredient of
the offence under s 403 is that the lost chattel must belong to someone other
than the accused person. That being the case, the inquiry must be examined in
the context of the rights, if any, of a finder such as the appellant and the
means by which the true owner of a lost chattel can be ascertained and/or
identified.

25 The common law distinguishes between the concept of ownership and
possession. In the normal state of affairs, possession of a chattel is the
outward expression of ownership. Ownership is the highest possible right in a
thing that exists, and the person with the best possible right to a thing is
the owner: see Duncan Sheehan, _The Principles of Personal Property Law_ (Hart
Publishing, 2011) at pp 4–18.

26 However, a finder is in an anomalous situation because the true owner of a
lost chattel is presumed to have lost possession, but not ownership, of the
lost chattel. The rights of a finder arise by virtue of finding a lost chattel
_and_ asserting possession over it. The act of asserting possession allows the
finder to acquire certain rights over the lost chattel. So long as a finder of
the lost chattel acts within his legal entitlement, he would not have caused
any “wrongful gain” and/or “wrongful loss” and consequently cannot be said to
have acted dishonestly to attract criminal liability. I will be returning to
the issue of “wrongfulness” at [52] below.

27 It is clear that a finder has the _right to possess_ the lost chattel from
the moment of finding it. Therefore, for the purposes of s 403, the fact of
finding and asserting possession cannot _per se_ constitute an offence.
Indeed, the Penal Code expressly provides for the above situation in
Illustration (a) to Explanation 2 of s 403:

A finds a dollar on the high road, not knowing to whom the dollar belongs. A
picks up the dollar. Here A has not committed the offence defined in this
section.

28 However, since the true owner has never intended to divest his right to
ownership (this assumes that he did not abandon the chattel), it would not be
possible for the finder to acquire an ownership right over the lost chattel.
In such a case, what right(s), if any, does a finder acquire after he asserts
possession over the lost chattel? A finder merely obtains a right to possess
and not a right to ownership by virtue of his find and being the first to
assert possession over the lost chattel. Yet, paradoxically, as noted at [25]
above, there is a presumption that the person in possession is the owner. How
does the law resolve this seemingly irreconcilable conundrum?

29 The Gordian knot described above can be resolved by applying the concept of
relativity of title. The finder has good title as against the whole world
except the true owner: see _Armory v Delamirie_ (1722) 1 Str 505 (“ _Armory_
”). Professors F H Lawson and Bernard Rudden explained in _The Law of
Property_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2002) at p 65 that:

If you make a ring from your own hair, there is no doubt whatever that it is
yours and that you have a better right to it than anyone else. If you lose it,
you can claim it from the finder. But in the absence of any claim by you, the
finder is treated as having a title good against everyone. You have a better
right to possess the thing than does the finder, but the finder has a better
right to possess it than does anyone else.

30 In _Armory_ , the plaintiff, a chimney sweeper’s boy, found a jewel and
took it to a goldsmith’s shop to find out what it was. An apprentice from the
shop took out the stones from the jewel and refused to return the stones to
the boy. Pratt CJ held at [1]:

1\. That the finder of a jewel, though he does not by such finding acquire an
absolute property or ownership, yet he has such a property as will enable him
to keep it against all but the rightful owner, and consequently may maintain
trover.

31 The position in Singapore as regards the rights of finders of lost chattel
is similar to the position in England. According to Gary Chan Kok Yew and Lee
Pey Woan, _The Law of Torts in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) at p 422:

As the adage “finders keepers” aptly sums up, a person who finds a lost or
abandoned item acquires good title against everyone except the true owner
[_Armory v Delamirie_ (1722) 1 Str 505]. A finder, in general, is the person
who first exerts control over lost or abandoned property.

32 Since the finder has good title to the lost chattel as against the whole
world except the _true owner_ , criminal liability, if any, of the finder
would depend on, _inter alia_ , whether the true owner can be ascertained
and/or identified by the finder.

Reasonable steps to locate the owner

33 As the finder’s title is good against the whole world except the true
owner, retention of the lost chattel might be construed as dishonest if the
finder is able to locate the true owner using reasonable means but fails to do
so and decides to retain possession for himself.

34 It is important to note that the question as to what reasonable steps
should be taken to locate the owner only arises for consideration if the
person who finds the chattel decides to take possession of it. When the person
stumbles upon a lost chattel, he has three options: he could choose to ignore
it and walk away; or having picked it up decides to leave it behind; or he
could assert possession over it. It is only if the person chooses to retain
the lost chattel in his possession that he becomes a finder with the attendant
rights and obligations.

35 Where a person finds and decides to take possession of a lost chattel of
which from its nature, there must be an owner, the law requires the finder to
take reasonable steps to discover and give notice to the owner, and keep the
lost chattel for a reasonable time to allow the owner to claim it: see
Explanation 2 to s 403. Explanation 2 also clearly states that what are
reasonable means, or what is a reasonable time in such a case, is a question
of fact. The finder is not obliged to undertake extraordinary steps or incur
disproportionate expenses in order to locate the true owner of the lost
chattel.

36 There is a wide spectrum of circumstances that may give rise to different
consequences. In one extreme, a person who finds a dollar note on the street
would ordinarily not be expected to take any step to locate the owner because
identification of the true owner would be practically impossible. At the other
extreme, the finder might have actual knowledge of the identity of the owner.
For example, the finder might have witnessed the owner dropping his wallet; or
he might know the owner personally and had previously seen the owner use the
particular item that he just found. In such cases, the finder is required to
restore the lost chattel to its owner without unreasonable delay.

37 However, in between these two extreme examples is a wide spectrum of
circumstances where the position may not be entirely clear. For example, a
person may find an expensive watch that carries a serial number or a diamond
ring with a laser identification number or mark that is not easily visible to
the naked eye. While an expert or a collector may know where to look and who
to contact to trace the identity of the owner, the layperson who finds such
items may not even notice the serial number, let alone appreciate its
significance. What should such a finder do in cases like these to avoid the
risk of criminal liability?

38 The crucial question to ask in every situation is whether the finder can
reasonably be expected to discover and give notice to the owner. In my
opinion, what amounts to reasonable steps would always depend on all the
circumstances of the case, including the following factors:

(a) _The place where the lost chattel was found_. If, for example, the lost
chattel is found in a vacated hotel room, it is likely that the owner can be
located as opposed to an item found in a public area of a shopping mall. If,
instead, the lost chattel was found in a shop in a shopping mall, it would be
reasonable to expect the owner to retrace his footsteps back to the shop after
realising that he had lost the chattel. In such a situation, in order to avoid
criminal liability, it would be prudent for the finder to leave his contact
details with the shop owner to discharge his duty of taking reasonable means
to give notice to the owner. The finder may only deal with the lost chattel as
his own after the owner has failed to claim it in spite of the lapse of a
reasonable time. Alternatively, he could leave it behind with the shop owner.

(b) _The nature and value of the lost chattel_. Finding cash in a public area
may pose a greater problem for the finder to locate the owner as opposed to
finding a wallet in a hotel lobby. Given the fungible nature of cash, it would
usually be practically impossible to locate the owner of lost cash unless the
cash was found together with other identifying items (see (c) below) or if
there are special facts that could potentially lead to the identification of
the owner. In this regard, there must be some proportionality between the
value of the lost chattel and the steps that a finder is required to take in
order to locate the owner.

(c) _The nature of identifying features on the lost chattel_. Where there are
clear identification marks, such as the address of the owner or a telephone
number, the owner of the lost chattel can be easily discovered and contacted.
For other identification marks such as names, NRIC numbers, bank account
numbers, membership numbers or serial numbers, the finder would usually
require the assistance of the police or the issuing body in locating the
owner.

39 Each of the above factors would assist the finder to identify the true
owner and will therefore be relevant to ascertain whether the finder has in
fact taken reasonable steps. Of the six Illustrations to Explanation 2, five
of them would attract criminal liability under s 403 because in each of them,
the finder did not take reasonable steps to locate the owner.

40 It should not be overlooked that apart from taking reasonable steps to
locate the owner, the finder should also keep the lost chattel for a
reasonable time to enable the owner to claim it, before dealing with it as
explained in Illustration (f). In other words, on finding a valuable item with
no apparent identification, if the finder sells it immediately thereby
preventing the true owner from ever claiming it back, he would also have
committed the offence. What amounts to keeping the lost chattel for a
reasonable time would, again, depend on the circumstances of each case. To
illustrate the above principles, the consequences of a finder’s failure to
take reasonable steps can be seen in the decision of Chan Sek Keong CJ in
_Public Prosecutor_ v _Neo Boon Seng_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 216 where the sentence
of the finder was enhanced from a fine of $6,000 to a term of imprisonment of
three weeks. In that case, the accused person was a taxi driver. His passenger
boarded the taxi at Changi Airport but left behind some items valued at
$11,661.05 in the front passenger seat of the taxi when he alighted at his
residence. The accused person did not take any step to return the items to the
passenger even though he knew where that passenger lived. Chan CJ held at [10]
that:

[A] taxi driver is in a special position _vis-à-vis his passe_ nge _r. The
taxi d_ river provides a transport service to the passenger for a fee and a
passenger, in purchasing the service, not only entrusts the safety of his
person but also custody of his property to the taxi driver during the journey.
_If the taxi driver finds lost property in the taxi, he should return it to
the passenger if he knows who he is and where he lives. If he does not have
such knowledge, he should place the goods within a reasonable time with the
taxi company._ At the very least, a taxi driver has a legal obligation not to
take his passenger’s property and, in my opinion, this duty should be enforced
strictly and vigorously.

[emphasis added]

41 It is difficult to exhaustively state what a finder should do in any given
circumstance owing to the diverse situations. However, what is clear is that
when a person finds a lost chattel which he knows has not been abandoned,
which is of some value and where the true owner can possibly be identified and
located, the prudent course of action would simply be to report the lost
chattel to the police, not because the finder is legally obliged to do so, but
because it is the best and most pragmatic way for the finder to discharge his
duty in taking reasonable steps to locate the owner, and to avoid a finding of
dishonesty that attracts criminal liability under s 403.

Element 2: Act of misappropriation or conversion to his own use

42 There are two distinct limbs under s 403, _viz_ the misappropriation limb
and the conversion limb. As a matter of statutory interpretation, both limbs
are not intended to have an identical meaning since it is presumed that
Parliament does nothing in vain, and the court must endeavour to give
significance to every word of an enactment: see _Bennion on Statutory
Interpretation: A Code_ (5th Ed, LexisNexis, 2008) at p 1157.

43 The meaning of “to appropriate” (from which misappropriate derives its
meaning) was discussed in the Indian case of _Sohan_ _Lal v Emperor_ 1915 AIR
All 380, where Piggot J held at 381 that:

The verb “to appropriate” in this connexion means “setting apart for, or
assigning to, a particular person or use;” and “to misappropriate,” no doubt
means “ _to set apart for or assign to the wrong person or a wrong use_ ”, and
this act must be done dishonestly.

[emphasis added]

44 Conversion, on the other hand, refers to an act in dealing with the chattel
in a manner inconsistent with the rights of the true owner. A helpful
definition can be found in the decision of Supreme Court of Queensland in _R v
Angus_ [2000] QCA 29, where Pincus JA held at [15] to [16] that:

15 … A definition originating in a judgment of Atkin J in _Lancashire &
Yorkshire Railway Co v MacNicoll_ (1919) 88 LJKB 601 at 605 has been applied
in this country to allegations of conversion under the criminal law:
_Hansford_ (1974) 8 SASR 164 at 169, 170, 183 and 193; _Fitzgerald_ (1980) 4
ACrimR 233 at 235:

“… _dealing with goods in a manner inconsistent with the right of the true
owner amounts to a conversion, provided that it is also established that there
is also an intention on the part of the defendant in so doing to deny the
owner’s right or to assert a right which is inconsistent with the owner’s
right_ ”.

…

16 … The answer is that the Code requires not just passive possession, but an
act of conversion; that must be or include a physical dealing with the goods
and the dealing must in my opinion be such as to be inconsistent with the true
owner’s rights. Leaving a borrowed book on a shelf is not an act of
conversion, no matter how long the book stays there.

[emphasis added]

45 The meaning of “conversion” under s 403 is consistent with civil liability
for conversion. As can be seen from the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Tat
Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R)
1101, “inconsistency is the gist of the action” for conversion. VK Rajah JA at
[45] held that:

Complex rules continue to govern its application even today. … The following
propositions are nevertheless now regarded as established. _Generally, an act
of conversion occurs when there is unauthorised dealing with the claimant’s
chattel so as to question or deny his title to it_ (_Clerk & Lindsell_ at para
17-06). Sometimes, this is expressed in the terms of a person taking a chattel
out of the possession of someone else _with_ the “intention of exercising a
permanent or temporary dominion over it” (R F V Heuston and R A Buckley,
_Salmond & Heuston on the Law of Torts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 21st Ed, 1996) (“
_Salmond & Heuston on Torts_”) at p 99). … _Inconsistency is the gist of the
action, and thus there is no need for the defendant to know that the goods
belonged to someone else or for the defendant to have a positive intention to
challenge the true owner’s rights_ (_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ Vol 45(2)
(Butterworths, 4th Ed Reissue, 1999) at para 548).

[emphasis added]

46 The effect of the above distinction is that conversion is a subset of
misappropriation with the result that a person who has committed conversion
would have also committed criminal misappropriation but not necessarily the
other way round. The act of either misappropriation or conversion constitutes
the _actus_ _reus_ of the offence under s 403. Unlike misappropriation,
conversion requires the _additional_ element of acting in a manner
inconsistent with the rights of the true owner, and usage is one way of acting
inconsistently. Mere possession is not sufficient to make out the element of
conversion.

47 The distinction was helpfully illustrated by the Prosecution’s reference to
_Tuan Puteh_ _v Dragon_ (1876) 3 Ky 86. There, the accused person found a
cheque payable to one Captain Strong. He attempted to encash the cheque but
could not do so owing to the absence of Captain Strong’s endorsement. The
court found that although there was no conversion since he did not manage to
encash the cheque, he clearly misappropriated the cheque when he dishonestly
attempted to encash it.

“To his own use”

48 The appellant was charged with and convicted of dishonestly
misappropriating _to his own use_ a wallet, which he knew to be the property
of a person other than himself. During the appeal before me, I invited the
Prosecution to clarify whether the words “ _to his own use_ ” in s 403
qualified both the misappropriation limb and the conversion limb or just the
latter. In response, the Prosecution submitted that it should only govern the
conversion limb and applied to amend the Charge to delete the words “ _to his
own use_ ” pursuant to s 256(b)(ii) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,
1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). The Prosecution cited _Garmaz s/o Pakhar and another v
Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 95, where the Court of Appeal held at [28]
and [29] that:

28 The question still remains whether it is implicit in s 256(_b_) of the CPC
that the High Court in exercise of its appellate jurisdiction has the power to
amend the charge. If a literal and strict construction is adopted, it is clear
that the High Court has no such power. However, such a construction would lead
to incongruous results: on the one hand the court by that section is given
extensive powers in respect of conviction, sentence and findings, and yet on
the other it has no power to amend the charge, and the consequence of this is
that it has no power even to correct any errors appearing in the charge. Such
a position is untenable. … _A more purposive construction should in our view
be adopted. We think that such power is by necessary implication implied in s
256(b). In the result, our answer to the first question is in the affirmative,
subject to what we have to say below._

29 _The power that an appellate court has in amending a charge under s 256(b)
of the CPC is not unlimited and obviously such power has to be exercised with
great caution and not to the prejudice of the accused._ The same tests laid
down by Taylor J in _Lew Cheok Hin_ and Cussen J in _Ng Ee_ in substituting a
conviction for the one under appeal are, subject to necessary modifications,
appropriate and applicable to the exercise of the power of amendment of a
charge. The purpose of these tests is to prevent any prejudice to the accused.

[emphasis added]

49 I am persuaded that under s 256(b)(ii) of the CPC, I have an implied power
to amend the Charge in the manner proposed by the Prosecution. Keeping in mind
the potential prejudice of the amendment to the appellant, the proposed
amended Charge was read and explained to the appellant, who thereafter
informed the court through Mr Nandwani that his defence remained unchanged
notwithstanding the amendment to the Charge. As I was satisfied that the
amendment did not affect the substance of the Charge, I allowed the amendment.
The amendment was made and allowed without the benefit of substantive
submissions from both parties. Since then, the further submissions by both
parties have indeed confirmed that the words “ _to his own use_ ” only qualify
the conversion limb. Let me elaborate.

50 The learned authors of Stanley Yeo, Neil Morgan and Chan Wing Cheong,
_Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2012) explained
at p 431 that:

[14.5]Section 403 is open to two interpretations. The first is that the phrase
‘to his own use’ governs the word misappropriates as well as the word
conversion. Read in this way, the physical element of criminal
misappropriation is either (i) conversion to one’s own use or (ii)
misappropriation to one’s own use. The second interpretation is that the
phrase ‘to his own use’ only governs the word conversion. In this case, the
physical element is either (i) misappropriation or (ii) conversion to one’s
own use.

51 I agree with the learned authors that to read the requirement of “ _to his
own use_ ” into the misappropriation limb would render the conversion limb
otiose, with the result that there would be no instance involving conversion
that does not also fall within the meaning of misappropriation. The learned
authors of _Criminal Law in Malaysia and Singapore_ explain insightfully at p
432 that:

[14.8]Under general principles of statutory interpretation, **_the word
misappropriation must be given a meaning that distinguishes it from
conversion_**. Since conversion means ‘appropriating’ another person’s
property and then making use of that property, misappropriation would have
little or no scope if it was read as ‘misappropriation _to one’s own use_ ’.
Consequently, the alternative physical element should simply be
‘misappropriation’. It is perhaps unfortunate that the Code refers to _mis_
appropriation rather than appropriation because the word _mis_ appropriation
might seem to indicate that there is some element of dishonesty in the
behaviour itself. **_However the illustrations to s 403 use the verb
‘appropriates’ rather than ‘misappropriates’ and the cases have taken a broad
approach to the word._** …

[14.9]Misappropriation is therefore broader than conversion and it is
difficult to think of cases of conversion that would not also constitute
misappropriation. …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Element 3: Dishonest intention

52 I now come to the _mens_ _rea_ requirement of the offence under s 403. The
_mens_ _rea_ of the offence is dishonesty. “Dishonestly” is defined under s 24
of the Penal Code as follows:

**“Dishonestly”**

**24**. Whoever does anything with the _intention_ of _causing_ _wrongful
gain_ to one person, or _wrongful loss_ to another person, is said to do that
thing dishonestly.

[emphasis added]

53 The definition of “dishonestly” in turn makes reference to “wrongful gain”
and “wrongful loss” which are defined under s 23 of the Penal Code as follows:

**“Wrongful gain” and “wrongful loss”**

**23**. “Wrongful gain” is _gain by unlawful means of property to which the
person gaining it is not legally entitled_ ; “wrongful loss” is loss by
unlawful means of property to which the person losing it is legally entitled.

_Explanation._ —A person is said to gain wrongfully when such person _retains
wrongfully_ , as well as when such person _acquires wrongfully_. A person is
said to lose wrongfully when such person is _wrongfully kept out of any
property_ , as well as when such person is _wrongfully deprived of property_.

[emphasis added]

54 As the verb “misappropriates” itself conveys an element of wrongfulness, as
opposed to the neutral verb “appropriates”, it seems to be tautologous to
qualify it with the word “dishonestly”. As Yong Pung How CJ observed in _Tan
Tze Chye v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 876 at [37]:

_To “misappropriate” means to set apart or assign to the wrong person or wrong
use, and this must be done dishonestly._ Setting aside property by one person
for the use of another other than himself and the true owner can also
constitute misappropriation; see _Tan Sri Tan Hian_ _Tsin v PP_ [1979] 1 MLJ
73 where criminal breach of trust was committed by the MD of the company which
paid money into the bank account of another company of which he and his wife
were the sole shareholders. Therefore, in this case, setting aside property
for the appellant as well as his brother’s firm could both constitute
misappropriation.

[emphasis added]

55 In the present appeal, there can be no dispute that in picking up the
wallet, the appellant had committed an act of appropriation. At that stage,
his act of appropriation was still neutral. However, his intention would
become dishonest if he removed the cash from the wallet and kept it as his
own. No usage is necessary. The essence of the appellant’s defence was
directed at the alleged subsequent change of intention. He claimed that
although he admitted to picking up the wallet, he left it behind in the toilet
and did not remove the cash of $150 from the wallet. The appellant urged the
court to acquit him on the basis that all the cash that was found in his
possession when he was arrested had been properly accounted for and therefore
the critical ingredient of dishonest misappropriation of the cash from the
wallet was not made out.

56 The appellant claimed that he withdrew $3,500 in cash from his account with
the Casino and had a balance sum of $3,200 (inclusive of casino chips) at the
time of his arrest. He alleged that the difference of $300 was lost on the
poker table and since all the monies were accounted for, it must follow that
he did not take the cash from the wallet. The force of the argument was
misconceived because there was no evidence that he lost $300 on the poker
table. In fact, the evidence was to the contrary as the appellant conceded in
cross-examination that he played other games as well and had won some monies
in those games. In any event, this defence was completely contradicted by the
appellant’s Long Statement and his oral confession where he admitted to taking
the cash from the wallet.

57 The Judge accepted the evidence of Ms Sun that her wallet contained her
identification card. I saw no reason to disturb her finding. In the
circumstances, by taking the cash from the wallet, and disposing of the wallet
with the identifying documents, the appellant had clearly intended to cause
wrongful gain to himself and/or wrongful loss to the true owner, Ms Sun.

58 The present appeal is therefore a clear case of criminal misappropriation
on its facts. It may not be so clear where, for example, the finder picks up a
wallet containing cash and the owner’s identification but chooses to leave it
in his home without using it because he could not be bothered to return it to
the owner or to report his find to the police. In such a case, is the offence
made out? Perhaps so, since such an act would have caused a wrongful loss to
the true owner. In such situations, it is always prudent to report the find to
the police. This is not an exhortation to act in a morally upright manner.
Instead, it is a cautionary step to take to avoid criminal liability. As
explained at [34] above, the finder can choose to either ignore the lost
chattel or leave it behind after picking it up to avoid criminal liability. In
such a situation, the finder does not attract any criminal liability because
there is no act of appropriation to begin with. However once he decides to
assert possession, the rights and obligations attach at that point in time.

Conclusion

59 In the result, the decision of the Judge is affirmed and the appeal is
consequently dismissed.

60 It is hoped that this decision has provided some useful guidelines for
persons who through no initial fault of theirs come across lost chattel.
Finders are not always keepers, and a finder who dishonestly keeps his find
may instead “ _find_ ” himself in violation of the law.

* * *

[note: 1]RA at p 156.

[note: 2]RA at pp 157 and 158.

[note: 3]GD at [7].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

