Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd _v_ Lui Andrew Stewart  
[2012] SGCA 39

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 145 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 31 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Aqbal Singh (Pinnacle Law LLC) for the appellant; Wong
Siew Hong and Teh Ee-von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd — Lui Andrew Stewart  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2012] 1 SLR 847.]

31 July 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeal is against the decision of the High Court judge (“the
Judge”) in _Smile Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd v Lui Andrew Stewart_ [2012] 1
SLR 847 (“the Judgment”). In summary, the Judge dismissed the action by Smile
Inc Dental Surgeons Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”), against its former employee, Dr
Andrew Stewart Lui (“the Respondent”), for alleged breaches of certain
restrictive covenants in his employment contract (“the Employment Contract”),
and of his duty of good faith and fidelity as an employee. In the process of
arriving at his decision, the Judge also held that the Respondent did not owe
any fiduciary duties to the Appellant.

2 This judgment concerns the doctrine of restraint of trade in the employment
context, and, in particular, clarifies the scope of the doctrine of the duty
of good faith and fidelity owed by employees to their respective employers. It
also considers the ambit of acceptable conduct by employees in engaging in
preparatory activities to compete with their employers whilst still in the
latter’s employment. We begin by examining the factual backdrop against which
this dispute arises.

Facts

3 In July 2003, the Respondent was employed as an associate dental surgeon by
the Appellant. The Respondent was assigned to work full-time at the
Appellant’s clinic at Forum the Shopping Mall (“the Forum Clinic”) with effect
from July 2005.[note: 1]

4 The Employment Contract contained the following restrictive covenants in
Clauses 23 to 25, as follows:[note: 2]

23\. Upon leaving The Practice, Dr. Lui will not seek to damage or injure The
Practice’s reputation or to canvass, solicit or procure any of The Practice’s
patients for himself or any other persons.

24\. In the event that Dr. Lui leaves (whether resignation or dismissal) The
Practice, Dr. Lui shall not practice within a 3 kilometre radius distance from
the Smile Inc. Dental Surgeons practices at Suntec City Mall and from Forum
The Shopping Mall, and a 3 kilometre radius from any other new Smile Inc.
Dental Surgeons practices that have been set up before and during his
cessation of work at The Practice.

25\. In the event that Dr. Lui leaves (whether resignation or dismissal) The
Practice, existing and new corporate and non-corporate contracts, as well as
existing and new patients, shall remain with The Practice. Patient data and
records, office data and records and computer software programmes and data
shall remain the property of The Practice, and such records, in full or in
part, shall not be copied manually, electronically or otherwise be removed
from the Practice.

5 For convenience, we adopt the Judge’s references and refer to cll 23, 24 and
25 as the “Non-Solicitation Clause”, the “Radial Clause” and “the Non-Dealing
Clause”, respectively (collectively, “the Restrictive Covenants”).

6 The Respondent and Dr Gareth Pearson (“Dr Pearson”), another dentist based
primarily at the Forum Clinic, accounted for 80% of the Forum Clinic’s patient
pool. In March 2008, Dr Pearson gave notice to the Appellant that he intended
to stop working for it in September 2008.[note: 3]

7 On 7 January 2009, the Respondent incorporated Dental Essence Pte Ltd
(“Dental Essence”) while he was still employed by the Appellant. On 25
February 2009, the Respondent entered into a one-year tenancy agreement on
behalf of Dental Essence for premises within a five minute walk from the Forum
Clinic. On the same day, the Respondent also gave written notice of his
resignation to the Appellant. In March 2009, the Respondent committed to
renovation works of Dental Essence’s premises and Dr Pearson joined Dental
Essence as a shareholder and a dentist on 19 March 2009.[note: 4]

8 The Appellant agreed that the Respondent’s last day of work would be 18
April 2009.[note: 5] After the Respondent’s departure from the Forum clinic,
it experienced a significant decrease in its monthly revenue. By this time,
the Appellant had received requests from numerous patients for their dental
records. The Appellant later discovered that many of these patients had become
patients of Dental Essence.[note: 6] The Appellant commenced an action against
the Respondent on 8 October 2009 and closed the Forum Clinic in September
2010.

9 The Appellant’s argument was a double-pronged one: first, that the
Respondent had breached the _express terms_ in the Employment Contract, _ie_ ,
the Restrictive Covenants; and secondly, or in the alternative, that the
Respondent had breached the _implied term_ of the duty of good faith and
fidelity as an employee. At the close of the Appellant’s case at the trial
stage, the Respondent elected to make a submission of no case to answer and
therefore did not tender any evidence.

The Judge’s findings and decision

10 On the facts, the Judge found that the Respondent had breached the Radial
and Non-Dealing Clauses. As there was no evidence of solicitation by the
Respondent, he held that there was no breach of the Non-Solicitation Clause
(see [41]–[65] of the Judgment).

11 The Judge, however, found that the Restrictive Covenants were in
unreasonable restraint of trade and therefore void and unenforceable,
essentially (albeit not only) because they were all unlimited in duration (see
[88]–[133] of the Judgment).

12 Finally, in a comprehensive and meticulous examination of the relevant case
law, the Judge held, first, on the facts that the Respondent had not breached
his duty of good faith and fidelity to the Appellant; and, secondly, that the
Respondent did not owe any fiduciary duties to the Appellant (at [137]–[230]
of the Judgment).

13 By way of an overview, considering all the facts and available evidence, we
are of the view that the Judge’s factual finding that there was no breach of
the Non-Solicitation Clause was correct (there was no cross-appeal by the
Respondent against the finding as to the breach of the Radial and Non-Dealing
Clauses). Further, we agree with the Judge’s findings that the Restrictive
Covenants were in unreasonable restraint of trade and therefore void and
unenforceable because they were unlimited in duration. Finally, we accept the
Judge’s findings that, on the facts, there was no breach of the Respondent’s
duty of fidelity and that he did not owe any fiduciary duties to the
Appellant. We now proceed to elaborate on the reasons for arriving at our
decision with regard to each of the aforementioned issues.

14 Before proceeding to do so, however, we would note – by way of a
preliminary observation – that, although the Appellant did also attempt to
argue that the Judge’s enunciation as well as application of the legal
principles relating to the submission by a defendant of no case to answer was
wrong, we find no merit whatsoever in the arguments (which constituted, in the
main, a futile exercise in unnecessary semantics).

The issues on appeal

15 The crucial issues before this court were as follows:

(a) Whether or not the Restrictive Covenants are in unreasonable restraint of
trade and therefore void and unenforceable.

(b) Whether or not the Restrictive Covenants can be read down to provide for a
time limitation, so as to render them reasonable and therefore enforceable.

(c) Whether or not the Respondent, in his capacity as an associate dentist,
owed fiduciary duties to the Appellant.

(d) Whether or not the Respondent's actions, _viz_ , to form a competing
business against the Appellant while still in the Appellant's employ, were in
breach of his duty of good faith and fidelity to the Appellant.

The Express Terms: the Restrictive Covenants

Whether the Non-Solicitation Clause was breached

16 As we noted above (at [10]), the Judge found that the Respondent had
breached the Radial Clause and Non-Dealing Clause. Neither party has made
submissions in their respective cases controverting those findings of fact.

17 In so far as the Non-Solicitation Clause is concerned, the Judge found that
there was no evidence that the Respondent solicited the Appellant’s patients
(see [43]–[53] of the Judgment). There was some suggestion by the Appellant
that the Respondent had purchased advertisements on “Google Ad Words” and
“Yahoo”, which included purchases of the following keywords: “forum dentist”,
“forum the shopping mall”, “forum galleria dentist”, “forum shopping centre
dentist”, “dentist at forum shopping centre”, “dentist at forum galleria” and
“forum mall dentist” – which suggested, in turn, some form of solicitation.
Further, the Appellant relied on a testimonial by one Carolyn Strover in the
August 2009 issue of the magazine “Expat Living” as another example of
solicitation.[note: 7] We agree, however, with the Judge’s finding that all
this was not pleaded in the Statement of Claim (“SOC”) and therefore these
material facts, even if made out, cannot be admitted as evidence.

18 The only evidence the Appellant has proffered in this regard is the fact
that Dental Essence has a very similar price list to the Appellant’s own price
list, and that a significant number of the Appellant’s patients have requested
for their dental records.[note: 8] This evidence alone, even if unrebutted, is
not, in our view, sufficient to establish solicitation by the Respondent.

Whether the Restrictive Covenants are in unreasonable restraint of trade

19 The legal test as to whether a restrictive covenant is in unreasonable
restraint of trade is well settled. In the decision of this court in _Man
Financial (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as E D & F Man International (S) Pte
Ltd) v Wong Bark Chuan David_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 663 (“ _Man Financial_ ”), it
was observed as follows: the court first conducts a preliminary inquiry as to
whether or not there was a legitimate proprietary interest to be protected by
the restrictive covenant, over and above the mere protection of the employer
from competition by way of a bare and blatant restriction of the freedom to
trade (at [79]; see also the decision of this court in _CLAAS Medical Centre
Pte Ltd v Ng Boon Ching_ [2010] 2 SLR 386 (“ _CLAAS_ ”) at [44]). If the
answer is in the affirmative, then the court applies the twin tests of
reasonableness enunciated by Lord Macnaghten in the seminal House of Lords
decision of _Thorsten_ _Nordenfelt (Pauper) v The Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and
Ammunition Company, Limited_ [1894] AC 535 (“ _Nordenfelt_ ”) at 565 (see _Man
Financial_ at [70]): first, is the restrictive covenant reasonable in
reference to the interests of the parties; and, secondly, is the restrictive
covenant reasonable in reference to the interests of the public? It should
also be noted that the court will enforce the covenant only if it goes no
further than necessary to protect the legitimate proprietary interest(s)
concerned (see also _CLAAS_ at [44]). By way of clarification of some
observations made in the court below (see the Judgment at [68]-[70]), this
last-mentioned proposition should not be viewed as being coterminous with the
twin tests of reasonableness but, rather, as an _application_ of those tests
to the facts of the case concerned on the assumption that there is a
legitimate proprietary interest meriting protection in principle in the first
place.

20 It should be noted, however, that the courts adopt a stricter approach when
considering restrictive covenants in the context of a contract of employment
as compared to the situation where such a clause is contained in a contract
for the sale of a business, not only because of the differing nature of the
legitimate proprietary interest to be protected but also because of the
greater inequality of bargaining power in an employment context. In this
regard, it was observed in _Man Financial_ (at [48]), as follows:

... As has been observed (see _Butterworths Common Law Series_ at para 5.114):

The reasons for this [_ie_ , a stricter application of the restraint of trade
doctrine in the employment context] include the following. First, unlike
contracts of employment, _the purchaser in a sale of business of context in
whose favour the covenant is made is buying something tangible, which includes
(very importantly) the element of_  _goodwill_ _which would be necessarily
depreciated if no restrictive covenant were permitted_. _An employer, on the
other hand, would not be deprived of what he has paid for pursuant to the
contract of employment (the employee’s services) when the employee leaves his
employ, although (as shall be seen) there are other legitimate proprietary
interests that may merit protection even within this context._**_Secondly,
there is likely to be more equality of bargaining power in the case of the
sale of a business compared to an employment contract situation; in the
latter, there is, more often than not, a disparity in bargaining power between
the employer on the one hand and the employee on the other._**

[emphasis in original in italics; Court of Appeal’s emphasis in _Man
Financial_ in bold italics; emphasis added in underlining]

21 Apart from the differences set out in the preceding paragraph, there is
also a public policy reason in construing restrictive covenants more strictly
in the employment context. As Lord Atkinson observed in the leading House of
Lords decision of _Herbert Morris, Ltd v Saxelby_ [1916] 1 AC 688 (at 701):

The principle is this: _Public policy requires that every man shall be at
liberty to work for himself, and shall not be at liberty to deprive himself or
the State of his labour, skill, or talent, by any contract that he enters
into._ On the other hand, public policy requires that when a man has by skill
or by any other means obtained something which he wants to sell, he should be
at liberty to sell it in the most advantageous way in the market; and in order
to enable him to sell it advantageously in the market it is necessary that he
should be able to preclude himself from entering into competition with the
purchaser ... [t]hese considerations in themselves differentiate, in my
opinion, the case of the sale of goodwill from the case of master and servant
or employer and employee. [emphasis added]

Legitimate Proprietary Interest

22 The case law demonstrates that a legitimate proprietary interest exists in
the context of medical practitioners in the form of “special and intimate
knowledge of the patients of the business”. In the English High Court decision
of _Routh v Jones_ [1947] 1 All ER 179 (affirmed on appeal in _Routh v Jones_
[1947] 1 All ER 758), a case cited by the Judge (at [80] of the Judgment),
Evershed J observed (at 181E-H) as follows:

It is, in my judgment, clear that  _the character of a general medical
practice is such that one who is employed therein (as was the defendant) as a
medical assistant, necessarily acquires such a special and intimate knowledge
of the patients_ of the business  _that the employers, in a contract of
service with the servant, are entitled to protect themselves against unfair
competition on the servant’s part_.  _In other words, that in such a case
there exists a subject-matter of contract or a proprietary interest properly
entitled to protection_ ... And I refer again to the language of Lord
Birkenhead LC applied to the case of a solicitor’s business, in  _Fitch v
Dewes_. He said ([1921] 2 AC 158, at p 164):

Such a business depends upon the existence of goodwill;  _upon the association
and the intimacy which exist between him who carries on that business and the
clients of the firm, and intimacy founded upon many complex considerations not
easily to be defined, but very easily to be understood_.

[emphasis added]

23 Similarly, in _Koops Martin v Dean Reeves_ [2006] NSWSC 449, the New South
Wales Supreme Court stated (at [35]) that “a particular solicitor, accountant
or doctor with whom a client deals may well, from the perspective of the
client, be for all practical purposes the person whose advice they seek and
thus the persona of the firm”.

24 It is clear therefore that there is a legitimate proprietary interest in
the goodwill generated by the practice of medical practitioners (including
dental practitioners), solicitors and accountants which might be protected by
reasonably worded restrictive covenants.

25 We pause here to critically analyse the Judge’s observations at [85] of the
Judgment, where he observed, in his analysis of whether there was a legitimate
proprietary interest, as follows:

What then of a professional like Dr Lui who is a general dental practitioner
(“GDP”)? No direct evidence was given as to how he obtained his patients while
practising with Smile, and the frequency, nature and extent of the interaction
between him and the patients. Nevertheless, _I was of the view that I was
entitled to take judicial notice of or infer the following_ :

(a) As Dr Lui started off as an employee of Smile, most of his patients would
be that of the clinic where he practised rather than his own. In other words,
his own relatives or friends would form a small portion of the patients he
treated. Indeed, the reason why he left the other clinic at Great World City
was because of insufficient patients.

(b) Most of the patients who came to the Forum Clinic would have done so
mainly because of the recommendation of other patients and/or the location of
the clinic. While the advertisements taken out by Smile might have caught the
attention of some patients, the location of the clinic would usually be a
greater influence than advertisements for persons seeking general dental
services as opposed to specialist services. It is true that some patients who
sought specialist services from, say, Dr Tan himself might subsequently have
sought general dental services from the Forum Clinic. However, again, in the
absence of more evidence, this would be less of a reason than recommendations
and/or the location of the clinic.

(c) Dr Lui’s contact time with the patients would usually be short. Once he
began the dental treatment, he would be doing the talking and not the patient.

(d) Most patients would have seen Dr Lui twice a year for the usual dental
check-up and treatment. A patient might have made one or two more visits in a
year for treatment for more difficult conditions.

(e) A patient of a GDP would be likely to make an appointment with that
particular GDP for the next session if the patient was satisfied with the
services of the GDP. The patient would be likely to have some attachment to
that GDP over time.

[emphasis added]

26 We respectfully disagree with the Judge’s employment of the device of
judicial notice in arriving at the above findings of fact. In the Singapore
High Court decision of _Zheng Yu Shan v Lian Beng Construction (1988) Pte Ltd_
[2009] 2 SLR(R) 587, V K Rajah JA explained (at [27]) that one category of
facts of which judicial notice may be taken “consists of facts which are so
notorious or so clearly established that they are beyond the subject of
reasonable dispute”. He further cautioned that “the discretion to take
judicial notice of a particular fact should always be exercised with judicious
caution” and that “[i]t is not the judge’s own personal or peculiar knowledge
_vis-à-vis_ a particular fact that is determinative of whether judicial notice
should be taken” (at [29]). We agree.

27 Applying the principles set out in the preceding paragraph, the findings of
fact as to the bulk of the Respondent’s clientele at the commencement of his
practice at Forum Clinic, the reasons why patients would attend treatment at
the Forum Clinic (and that advertisements wielded little influence), and the
contact time of the Respondent with his patients ought not to have been the
subject of judicial notice. They were not publicly notorious facts such as,
for example, the appreciation of the Thai baht between 2002 and 2007 (see the
Singapore High Court decision of _Asia Hotel Investments Ltd v Starwood Asia
Pacific Management Pte Ltd_ [2007] SGHC 50). We would, in fact, caution
against the liberal use of the device of judicial notice; as has been observed
by the Supreme Court of Canada in _R v Find_ [2001] 1 SCR 863 (at [48]),
“[f]acts judicially noticed are not proved by evidence under oath. Nor are
they tested by cross-examination”. The incontrovertibility of such facts must
be such that the two requirements just cited may be safely dispensed with. We
find that the facts which were taken judicial notice of by the court below are
not so incontrovertible.

28 Nevertheless, we find that, even discounting the Judge’s employment of
judicial notice of the said facts, and taking the Appellant’s evidence at its
highest (that its “extensive, aggressive and expensive advertising and
promotional campaigns were the main or principal factor that accounted for the
patient pool of the Forum Clinic”),[note: 9] there would have been no
difference in the outcome of the present case. This is because, at best, the
fact that the Appellant’s advertising campaigns were the primary factor behind
its patient pool only goes toward establishing a legitimate proprietary
interest to be protected. And, as we found above at [24] (as did the Judge at
[87] of the Judgment), there is such a legitimate proprietary interest that
ought to be protected in any event.

Reasonableness as between the Parties

29 The Restrictive Covenants do not provide for any fixed duration of
operation. A restraint of trade that operates for an _indefinite_ period of
time is (absent the most exceptional circumstances, which are not present in
this case) necessarily void and unenforceable. In the English Court of Appeal
decision of _Sir W_ _C Leng & Co, Limited v Andrews_ [1909] 1 Ch 763, an
employment contract between a newspaper and junior reporter did not permit the
junior reporter, post-employment, from “either on his own account or in co-
partnership with any other person, [to] be connected, as proprietor, employee,
or otherwise, with any other newspaper business carried on in Sheffield or
within a radius of twenty miles from the town hall thereof”. There was no time
limit as to the restraint of trade. The court struck down the clause as being
void and unenforceable. In particular, Farwell LJ stated (at 774) that:

In my opinion clause 8 is absolutely bad throughout, and no sound reason
having been given for making it continue during the whole duration of the
defendant’s life, that alone, in my judgment, makes the restriction on the
face of it unreasonable.

30 The absence of a time limit alone in this particular case renders the
Restrictive Covenants unreasonable as between the parties, and therefore, void
and unenforceable. Following from that finding, we need not decide as to the
reasonableness of the Restrictive Covenants with regard to the interest of the
public, since we have already found that the Restrictive Covenants are
unreasonable as between the parties. We should add that we also agree with the
other reasons given by the Judge as to why the Restrictive Covenants are
unreasonable as between the parties (see generally the Judgment at
[88]–[133]).

Whether the court can read down the Restrictive Covenants

Doctrines of Severance

31 In _Man Financial_ , it was confirmed that the law in Singapore recognises
two forms of severance of contractual terms: (a) severance of entire or whole
clauses in a contract; and (b) severance via the “blue pencil test” (see _Man
Financial_ at [126]–[131]). It was accepted by counsel for the Appellant, Mr
Aqbal Singh (“Mr Singh”), that severance _via_ the “blue pencil test” could
not be effected for the Restrictive Covenants, since there was no time limit
expressed in the contractual terms at all; in other words, there was nothing
to strike out in the first place. We pause to observe that the phenomenon of
“cascading clauses”, _ie_ , restrictive covenants that provide for a variety
of durations or geographical scopes, has taken root in Australia, and such
clauses have been held to be valid by the New South Wales Court of Appeal
decision in _Hanna v OAMPS Insurance Brokers Ltd_ [2010] NSWCA 267 (affirming
the New South Wales Supreme Court decision in _OAMPS Insurance Brokers Ltd v
Peter Hanna_ [2010] NSWSC 781). Such cascading clauses are engineered
specifically to accommodate the “blue pencil” test, in order that the court
may strike out provisions for, for example, unreasonably long durations of
restraint, whilst preserving the restrictive covenant concerned if at least
one of the durations passes the tests of reasonableness.

32 In _Man Financial_ , some brief observations on the doctrine of
“discretionary severance” or “notional severance” as adopted by the Ontario
Superior Court of Justice in _Transport North American Express Inc v New
Solutions Financial Corp_ (2001) 214 DLR (4th) 44 (“ _New Solutions_ ”) and
the majority of the Supreme Court of Canada in _Transport North American
Express Inc v New Solutions Financial Corp_ [2004] 1 SCR 249 (“ _New Solutions
(SCC)_ ”) (_contra_ the Ontario Court of Appeal decision in _Transport North
American Express Inc v New Solutions Financial Corp_ (2001) 214 DLR (4th) 44
(where the majority of the court _refused_ to endorse the doctrine of notional
severance); collectively, “the _New Solutions_ cases”) were proffered, as
follows (at [129]-[131]):

129 _However_ , it should be noted that in the Ontario Superior Court of
Justice decision of _Transport North American Express Inc v New Solutions
Financial Corp_ (2001) 201 DLR (4th) 560, Cullity J delivered a very powerful
critique of the blue pencil test (referred to at [127] above). Indeed, the
learned judge preferred to _reject_ the “blue pencil test” altogether. He
stated (at [35]-[36]) as follows:

The blue-pencil test is, I believe a relic of a bygone era when the attitude
of courts of common law – unassisted by principles of equity – towards the
interpretation and enforcement of contracts was more rigid than is the case at
the present time. At an early stage in the development of the law relating to
illegal promises, severance was held to be justified on the basis of the blue-
pencil test alone. ... [W]e have moved a long way beyond that mechanical
approach. Enforcement may be refused in the exercise of the kind of
_discretionary judgment_ I have mentioned even where blue-pencil severance is
possible.

Despite repeated statements in the cases that the court will not make a new
agreement for the parties, that is, of course, exactly what it does whenever
severance is permitted ...

[emphasis added]

130 It is interesting to note that Cullity J's concept of “discretionary
severance” (as set out in the preceding paragraph) was, in fact, _rejected_ on
appeal by the _majority_ of the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Transport North
American Express Inc v New Solutions Financial Corp_ (2001) 214 DLR (4th) 44
(see also _Butterworths Common Law Series_ ([45] above) at para 5.233).
However, it is _equally_ interesting to note that the _dissenting_ judge in
the Ontario Court of Appeal, Sharpe JA, whilst recognising the need for
caution as well as to recognise the concept of the sanctity of contract,
nevertheless _endorsed_ the approach adopted by Cullity J above.

131 It would appear, therefore, that this particular issue (_viz_ , whether or
not the blue pencil test still applies under the second type of severance
delineated in the passage quoted at [126] above) has not been settled beyond
peradventure even in the Canadian context. However, the doctrine of severance
was not (as we noted at [126] above) really before us, still less the present
(and more controversial) issue just alluded to. We would, in the
circumstances, therefore express no concluded view on it.

[emphasis in original]

33 Mr Singh conceded – in the context of the present appeal - that since “blue
pencil” severance could not be effected for the Restrictive Covenants, that
was the end of the matter. As such, we are not required to express a concluded
view on the applicability of the doctrine of notional severance in Singapore,
save to observe that the Supreme Court of Canada subsequently rejected the
application of notional severance for restrictive covenants in the employment
context in _Shafron v KRG Insurance Brokers (Western) Inc._ , (2009) 301 DLR
(4th) 522 (“ _Shafron_ ”).

34 The court in _Shafron_ pointed to the following reasons as to why the
doctrine of notional severance was inappropriate in the employment context (at
[38]–[41]):

38 First, there is no bright-line test for reasonableness. In the case of a
contract that provides for an illegal rate of interest, for example, notional
severance has been used to bring the rate down to the legal rate of 60
percent. In [_New Solutions_], the evidence was that the parties did not
intend to enter into an illegal contract, and what must be done to make the
contract legal was quite clear. The Court inferred that the parties’ original
common intention was to charge and pay the highest legal interest rate and
notional severance was applied to read down the rate to the highest legal
rate.

39 In the case of an unreasonable restrictive covenant, while the parties may
not have had the common intention that the covenant be unreasonable, _there is
no objective bright-line rule that can be applied in all cases to render the
covenant reasonable. Applying notional severance in these circumstances simply
amounts to the court rewriting the covenant in a manner that it subjectively
considers reasonable in each individual case. Such an approach creates
uncertainty as to what may be found to be reasonable in any specific case._

40 Second, applying the doctrine of notional severance runs into the problem
identified by Lord Moulton in [_Mason v. Provident Clothing and Supply Co._
[1913] AC 724]. _It invites the employer to impose an unreasonable restrictive
covenant on the employee with the only sanction being that if the covenant is
found to be unreasonable, the court will still enforce it to the extent of
what might validly have been agreed to._

41 Not only would the use of notional severance change the terms of the
covenant from the parties’ initial agreement to what the court thinks they
should have agreed to, it would also change the risks assumed by the parties.
The restrictive covenant is sought by the employer. The obligation is on the
employee. _Having regard to the generally accepted imbalance of power between
employers and employees, to introduce the doctrine of notional severance to
read down an unreasonable restrictive covenant to what is reasonable provides
no inducement to an employer to ensure the reasonableness of the covenant and
inappropriately increases the risk that the employee will be forced to abide
by an unreasonable covenant._

[emphasis added]

35 Although, as already mentioned, we are not required to express a concluded
view on the applicability of the doctrine of notional severance in Singapore,
the reasons given by the court in _Shafron_ (as set out in the preceding
paragraph) are persuasive – not only because they are cogent but also because
_Shafron_ itself is a case that related directly to a covenant in restraint of
trade (and, on this last-mentioned distinction, see G H L Fridman, _The Law of
Contract in Canada_ (6th Ed, Carswell, 2011) at pp 412-413; reference may also
be made to Gillian Demeyere, “Developments in Employment Law: _Shafron v KRG
Insurance Brokers (Western) Inc._ ” (2010) 53 Supreme Court Law Review (2d)
235). Indeed (as alluded to in _Shafron_ itself), the _New Solutions_ cases
were concerned with a somewhat different situation, _ie_ , whether or not the
agreed interest rate set out in the relevant contract (which accidentally
infringed the maximum interest rate provision of s 347 of the Canadian
Criminal Code) could be read down via the doctrine of notional severance so as
to enable the lender to recover the maximum legal rate of interest (see also
the interesting comments on the Canadian Supreme Court decision by two of the
foremost contract scholars in Canada in Stephen Waddams, “Illegal Contracts,
Severance and Public Policy” (2005) 42 Canadian Business LJ 278 and Jacob S
Ziegel, “Is Notional Severance the Right Solution for Section 347’s Ills?”
(2005) 42 Canadian Business LJ 282). The individual justice of the case
probably prompted the judges concerned to apply the doctrine of notional
severance (interestingly, perhaps, even the majority of the minority of the
judges in the Canadian Supreme Court were prepared to endorse the doctrine of
notional severance in different circumstances). However, we must also be
careful to ensure that hard cases (such as the situation which existed in the
_New Solutions_ cases) do not make bad law. What is clear is that these
various arguments – and perhaps others as well – would need to be canvassed
when the issue of the applicability of the doctrine of notional severance
arises directly for decision before the Singapore courts in the future.

Contractual Interpretation via Extrinsic Evidence

36 The main argument by Mr Singh in favour of varying, or reading down, the
Restrictive Covenants is based, instead, on s 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) (“the EA”):

**Exclusion of evidence of oral agreement**

**94**. When the terms of any such contract, grant or other disposition of
property, or any matter required by law to be reduced to the form of a
document, have been proved according to section 93, no evidence of any oral
agreement or statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such
instrument or their representatives in interest for the purpose of
contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to
the following provisions...

37 Specifically, Mr Singh relies on proviso (_f_) to s 94 of the EA, which
provides that “any fact may be proved which shows in what manner the language
of a document is related to existing facts”. In the decision of this court in
_Zurich_ _Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 1029 (“ _Zurich Insurance_ ”), it was
explained (at [132]) that “[t]he extrinsic evidence in question is admissible
so long as it is relevant, reasonably available to all the contracting parties
and relates to a clear or obvious context”. This contextual approach to
contractual interpretation permits the admission of extrinsic evidence to aid
contractual interpretation even where there is no ambiguity in the contract
(see _Zurich Insurance_ at [114]).

38 In the written Appellant’s Case, Mr Singh relied on _Zurich_ _Insurance_ to
suggest that:[note: 10]

[T]he Employment Agreement was negotiated and concluded in the context of the
Respondent leaving Singapore within a time horizon of six years as envisaged
by the Employment Agreement. In the absence of such a context, there was ample
unrebutted evidence before the Court that the Appellant would have specified a
time limit of 2 to 3 years.

39 This argument, taken at its highest, provides for the Restrictive Covenants
to operate within a time limit of 2 to 3 years, which the Appellant would have
specified if the Respondent had made known his subsequent intention to remain
in Singapore. We cannot accept this argument for the following reasons.

40 First, this argument, which relates to the Appellant’s subjective,
undisclosed intention, ignores the following admonition by this court in
_Zurich Insurance_ (at [125]):

However, it must always be borne in mind that the purpose of interpretation is
to give effect to the intention of the parties  _as objectively ascertained_.
Objective ascertainment of the parties’ intentions (known as “the objective
principle”) is the cornerstone of the theory of contract and permeates our
entire approach to contractual interpretation. [emphasis in original]

41 Similarly, this Court in _Sandar_ _Aung v Parkway Hospitals Singapore Pte
Ltd_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 891 (“ _Sandar_ _Aung_ ”) stated (at [29]) that:

[E]ven if the plain language of the contract appears otherwise clear, the
construction consequently placed on such language should not be inconsistent
with the context in which the contract was entered into if this context is
clear or even obvious, _since the context and circumstances in which the
contract was made would reflect the intention of the parties when they entered
into the contract and utilised the (contractual) language they did_. [emphasis
added]

42 While it was held in _Zurich_ _Insurance_ (at [50]) that declarations of
subjective intent and evidence of prior negotiations are admissible for the
purpose of giving meaning to terms which have been determined to be latently
ambiguous (_ie_ , ambiguity which becomes apparent only when the language is
applied to the factual situation), in the context of this appeal, the
subjective intention of the Appellant was not held at the time when the
parties entered into the contract, nor was it a shared intention held by both
parties. There is a distinction between (a) the _shared intention of_ _both
parties_ (objectively ascertained) that was expressed during negotiations or
by conduct before or after they entered into the contract; and (b) what _one
party_ _would have intended in a hypothetical situation_ had he been appraised
of certain facts, and where this hypothetical intention was never disclosed to
the other party. We would _not_ be ascertaining the _shared intention of_
_both parties_ by reading down the scope of the Restrictive Covenants to
operate for 2 to 3 years, but would, rather, be upholding the Appellant’s
_hypothetical intention in a different situation_.

43 Secondly, it was made clear in _Zurich Insurance_ (at [132]) that extrinsic
evidence must make reference to a “clear and obvious context”. In other words,
the context must allow the court to objectively ascertain a clearly defined or
definable intention held by both parties with respect to how the contractual
term in question should be interpreted. In the cases where the courts have
read down the scope of contractual terms, the relevant factual contexts were
sufficiently clear and obvious such that the court could ascertain the clearly
defined intention of the parties.

44 In _Sandar_ _Aung_ , the appellant’s mother (“the Patient”) was admitted to
the respondent hospital (“the Hospital”) to undergo an angioplasty. The
appellant signed an undertaking with the respondent hospital to be jointly and
severally liable with the Patient for “all charges, expenses and liabilities
incurred by and on behalf of the Patient” (at [7]). Unfortunately,
unanticipated complications in the Patient’s recovery after surgery resulted
in a medical bill that far exceeded the amount presented in the Estimate. The
court explained (at [37]) that “the factual matrix _clearly demonstrated_ that
the ambit and scope of the contract between the appellant and the [Hospital]
was confined to the angioplasty procedure” [emphasis added].

45 Similarly, in the Singapore Court of Appeal decision of _Singapore
Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub Cable Vision Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 195 (“
_Singtel v Starhub_ ”), by a contract dated 16 June 1995 (“the NLA”), the
appellant (“SingTel”) and the respondent (“SCV”) entered into an agreement for
the lease of optical fibres and underground ducts for the purposes of cable
television roll-out in Singapore. It later transpired that SCV had been
“tapping” transmission infrastructure to convey signals to locations not
permitted by the agreement. SingTel sued SCV for breach of the NLA and the
issue was whether or not Singtel’s loss of revenue could be recovered because
one of the contractual clauses provided that neither party would be liable for
(see _Singtel v Starhub_ at [102]):

... any indirect, incidental, consequential, or special damages (including,
without limitation, damages for harm to business, lost revenues, or lost
profits) regardless of the form of action or whether such Party had reason to
know of such damages ...

46 The court read down the clause (set out at the end of the preceding
paragraph), interpreting it (at [55]) as covering only the use of the leased
facilities to provide services to permitted locations, instead of extending to
“tapping” to provide signals to locations not permitted under the agreement,
which was an act clearly not within the parties’ contemplation when they
entered into the contract. The court thus held that the clause “must be
restricted to the particular circumstances the parties had in mind at the time
they entered into the NLA”.

47 Unlike the situations referred to above, the language of the Restrictive
Covenants is clear. Put simply, there is no ambiguity – latent or otherwise.
As already mentioned above (at [42]), what the Appellant is seeking to do here
is to introduce – in a _unilateral as well as subjective_ manner - its own
hypothetical intention in order to effectively _re-write_ the contract in its
favour. The context of a contract – as _Zurich Insurance_ underscores – is of
the first importance. However, it is simply a tool (albeit an important one)
to aid the court in the process of interpreting a contract; it does _not_
constitute a malleable tool to arbitrarily re-write the contract in favour of
one of the parties. Indeed, in the words of this court in _Ng Giap Hon v
Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 518 at [81]: “[T]he court will
not rewrite the contract for the parties based on its own sense of the justice
of the case”.

48 We conclude our analysis of this particular issue by observing that what
the Appellant was seeking to achieve was similar (if not identical) in
_substance_ to that which it could not achieve through the doctrine of
notional severance (which, as we have noted, it did not seek to rely upon in
the present appeal). This is yet another reason why the Appellant’s argument
on this issue cannot succeed and simultaneously illustrates the symmetry and
coherence in both the substance as well as application of various doctrines of
the common law.

The implied term of the duty of good faith and fidelity

49 As we made clear in _Man Financial_ (at [193]):

It is trite law that there is an _implied_ term in the employer’s favour that
the employee will serve the employer with good faith and fidelity, and that he
or she (the employee) will also use reasonable care and skill in the
performance of his or her duties pursuant to the employment contract.
[emphasis in original]

50 Whilst this proposition of law is an ostensibly simple one, there appeared,
unfortunately, to have been some blurring of the lines between the duty of
good faith and fidelity on the one hand and a fiduciary duty on the other,
which was noted in the court below (see the Judgment, especially at [226]). In
our view, there is indeed a distinction between the two duties – a distinction
to which our attention now turns.

The distinction between a fiduciary duty and the duty of good faith and
fidelity

51 It is clear that both the duty of good faith and fidelity and fiduciary
duty may arise from the same employer-employee relationship. However, it must
be borne in mind that the bases of these duties are entirely different.

52 In the English High Court decision of _Nottingham University v Fishel_
[2000] IRLR 471 (“ _Nottingham University_ ”), for example, the defendant was
a clinical embryologist employed by the plaintiff as an academic staff member,
as well as a scientific director of the latter’s in vitro fertilisation unit.
The defendant did outside work without consent from the plaintiff and the
plaintiff sued for an account of profits based on breach of the alleged
fiduciary duty owed by the defendant. Elias J made the following pertinent
observations (at [86]–[97]):

86 [T]here has been a tendency to describe someone as a fiduciary simply as a
means of enabling the courts to impose the equitable remedies ...

87 It is important to recognise that the mere fact that Dr Fishel is an
employee does not mean that he owes the range of fiduciary duties referred to
above. It is true that in _Blake_ Lord Woolf ... said that the employer –
employee relationship is a fiduciary one. But plainly the court was not
thereby intending to indicate that the whole range of fiduciary obligations
was engaged in every employment relationship. This would be revolutionary
indeed, transforming the contract of employment beyond all recognition and
transmuting contractual duties into fiduciary ones. In my opinion, the court
was merely indicating that circumstances may arise in the context of an
employment relationship, or arising out of it, which, when they occur, will
place the employee in the position of a fiduciary.

...

90 [T]he essence of the employment relationship is not typically fiduciary at
all. Its purpose is not to place the employee in a position where he is
obliged to pursue his employer’s interests at the expense of his own. The
relationship is a contractual one and the powers imposed on the employee are
conferred by the employer himself. The employee’s freedom of action is
regulated by the contract, the scope of his powers is determined by the terms
(express or implied) of the contract, and as a consequence the employer can
exercise (or at least he can place himself in a position where he has the
opportunity to exercise) considerable control over the employee’s decision-
making powers.

91 This is not to say that fiduciary duties cannot arise out of the employment
relationship itself. But they arise not as a result of the mere fact that
there is an employment relationship. Rather they result from the fact that
within a particular contractual relationship there are specific contractual
obligations which the employee has undertaken which have placed him in a
situation where equity imposes these rigorous duties in addition to the
contractual obligations. Where this occurs, the scope of the fiduciary
obligations both arises out of, and is circumscribed by, the contractual
terms; it is circumscribed because equity cannot alter the terms of the
contract validly undertaken. ....

92 The problem of identifying the scope of any fiduciary duties arising out of
the relationship is particularly acute in the case of employees. This is
because of the use of potentially ambiguous terminology in describing an
employee’s obligations, which use may prove a trap for the unwary. There are
many cases which have recognised the existence of the employee’s duty of good
faith, or loyalty, or the mutual duty of trust and confidence – concepts which
tend to shade into one another.

....

96 Accordingly, in analysing the employment cases in this field, care must be
taken not automatically to equate the duties of good faith and loyalty, or
trust and confidence, with fiduciary obligations. Very often in such cases the
court has simply been concerned with the question whether the employee’s
conduct has been such as to justify summary dismissal, and there has been no
need to decide whether the duties infringed, properly analysed, are
contractual or fiduciary obligations. As a consequence, the two are sometimes
wrongly treated as identical ...

97 Accordingly, in determining whether a fiduciary relationship arises in the
context of an employment relationship, it is necessary to identify with care
the particular duties undertaken by the employee, and to ask whether in all
the circumstances he has placed himself in a position where he must act solely
in the interests of his employer. It is only once those duties have been
identified that it is possible to determine whether any fiduciary duty has
been breached...

53 In that case, Elias J held that in so far as the defendant’s own work
outside was concerned, he could not have been considered a fiduciary even
though his position was akin to that of a senior employee with the title of
director. Similarly, in _Nagase Singapore Pte Ltd v Ching Kai Huat_ [2007] 3
SLR(R) 265, the Singapore High Court found that the employees concerned did
not owe a special duty of “single minded or exclusive loyalty” to the
employers even though they “were members of the middle management of the
plaintiff” and they had “authority to negotiate contracts on behalf of the
company or to authorise the payment of invoices” (at [29]). In the Court of
Appeal of British Columbia decision of _Mitchell v Paxton Forest Products Inc_
[2002] BCCA 532, a sales manager whose responsibilities included developing
and maintaining the defendant’s customer base, marketing its products, setting
prices, negotiating terms of sale and dealing with defendant’s suppliers was
not considered a fiduciary. Newbury JA stated (at [6]):

I would tend, if pressed, to say Mr. Mitchell was not “senior management”,
since he was not entrusted with powers and influence which could materially
affect the company’s interests. He had managerial responsibilities with regard
to sales, but could not approve a purchase over $1,000, had only one clerk
reporting to him and could not hire or fire employees.

54 This is in contradistinction to the oft-cited Canadian Supreme Court
decision of _Canadian Aero Service Ltd v O’Malley_ (1973) 40 DLR (3rd) 371,
where a president and executive vice-president of a company were held to be
fiduciaries of the company. Laskin J stated (at 381):

They were “top management” and not mere employees whose duty to their
employer, unless enlarged by contract, consisted only of respect for trade
secrets and for confidentiality of customer lists. Theirs was a larger, more
exacting duty which, unless modified by statute or by contract (and there is
nothing of this sort here), was similar to that owed to a corporate employer
of its directors.

55 Applying the principles set out above to the present appeal in general and
to the context of the Employment Contract between the Appellant and Respondent
in particular, the Respondent was not in a position where he owed fiduciary
duties to the Appellant. He was merely an associate dental surgeon who had not
been entrusted with the authority to make any management decisions for the
Appellant. Neither was he permitted to make corporate decisions binding the
Appellant, unlike the cases in which “senior management” was involved. On the
contrary, under the terms of the Employment Contract, the Respondent was
obliged to “work at any of the Practices operated by Smile Inc. Dental
Surgeons Pte. Ltd. at the instructions of the Directors” and the Respondent
also undertook that he “shall be responsible and take instructions from the
Directors and shall carry out duties as may be assigned to him”.[note: 11]

Whether the implied term of the duty of good faith and fidelity may be
superseded by an express term setting out duties of the employee

56 As a preliminary matter, it is essential to set out the symbiosis between
the _express terms_ , _ie_ , the relevant restrictive covenants on the one
hand, and the _implied term_ of the employee’s duty of good faith and fidelity
on the other. The genesis of both species of obligations is the employment
contract itself. First, each obligation becomes alive at different timeframes:
the _implied term_ of the duty of good faith and fidelity generally governs
the employee’s conduct _vis-à-vis_ his employer _during his course of
employment_ , whilst the _express_ restrictive covenants generally govern the
employee’s conduct post-employment to protect the former employer’s legitimate
proprietary interests for a reasonable period of time and within a reasonable
geographical and demographic scope. Secondly, the content of each obligation
is different: the restrictive covenants expressly set out the prohibited post-
employment activities (dealing or soliciting customers and other employees)
whilst the content of the duty of good faith and fidelity is generally
governed by the common law.

57 In summary, the _express_ restrictive covenants on the one hand and the
_implied term_ of the duty of good faith and fidelity on the other are clearly
distinct with regard to _when, and how, each obligation operates_ to govern
the employee’s conduct. There is, generally speaking, no overlap between the
two species of obligations. There may, however, be situations where a
restrictive covenant might _also_ refer _expressly_ to the employee’s conduct
_during_ the course of his or her employment – in which case such an _express_
provision would _supersede_ the _implied_ term relating to the duty of good
faith and fidelity.

58 The case before us presents a variation on the situation referred to at the
end of the preceding paragraph inasmuch as the Employment Contract _also_
contains a _separate and independent_ (as well as _express_) _term_ which
seeks to govern the Respondent’s conduct _during his course of employment_ ,
thus taking the place traditionally occupied by the implied term of the duty
of good faith and fidelity. That term is Cl 16 of the Employment Contract,
which reads as follows:

During the period of employment, [the Respondent] must not carry on or be
engaged in any other medical/dental practice, or give any medical/dental
advice for reward on his own account or in partnership or association with any
other medical/dental practitioner(s) or company.

59 Clause 16 is an _express_ term which clearly provides for prohibited
activities concerning the Respondent’s relationship with the Appellant _qua_
employer, as well as with regard to potential competitive activities during
the course of the Respondent’s employment. The question before us (which was
put before the parties during oral submissions before this court), then, is
whether or not Cl 16, being an _express_ contractual term, supersedes or
overrides any implied contractual term of the duty of good faith and fidelity.
In our view, that question must be answered in the _affirmative_.

60 It is trite law that an implied term cannot contradict an express term of
the contract (see, for example, the Singapore High Court decision of _Loh Siok
Wah v American International Assurance Co Ltd_ [1998] 2 SLR(R) 245 at [29] (“
_Loh Siok Wah_ ”)).

61 Turning, then, to Cl 16, this clause _expressly_ provides for the scope of
prohibited activities during the Respondent’s course of employment:
essentially, the Respondent may not carry on or engage in any form of medical
or dental practice apart from his work with the Appellant. In the
circumstances, it is clear, in our view, that the Respondent was _not_ in
breach of Cl 16. None of the Respondent’s acts complained of could be
considered as _carrying on_ or _engaging_ in another medical or dental
practice. Indeed, he could not because he did not obtain a license from the
Ministry of Health until the effective termination of his employment. _In any
event_ , the resolution of this particular issue is not critical because, as
explained below (at [62] _et seq_), _even assuming_ that an _implied_ duty of
good faith and fidelity was owed by the Respondent to the Appellant, we find
that that duty had _not_ been breached by the Respondent. Let us elaborate.

Whether the Respondent’s actions constituted a breach of the duty of good
faith and fidelity

62 In its Statement of Claim (“SOC”),[note: 12] the Appellant alleged that the
Respondent had breached the duty of good faith and fidelity owed to the
Appellant by taking the following steps, during his course of employment, to
form a competing business against the Appellant:

(a) The Respondent incorporated Dental Essence on 7 January 2009;

(b) The Respondent, for and on behalf of Dental Essence, signed a tenancy
agreement for the premises of Dental Essence in Tudor Court on 25 February
2009;

(c) The Respondent fitted out the said premises of Dental Essence;

(d) The Respondent had discussions/negotiations with Dr Pearson which resulted
in Dr Pearson becoming a shareholder and director of Dental Essence, with a
view to Dr Pearson working as a dentist at Dental Essence;

(e) The Respondent applied for a licence from the MOH to practice dentistry
with Dental Essence;

(f) The Respondent failed to inform the Appellant of all or any of the
foregoing matters; and

(g) The Respondent failed to obtain the Appellant’s consent to the setting up
of Dental Essence.

63 The Appellant also relied on a number of English decisions which it argued
supported its case to the effect that the Respondent had breached his duty of
good faith and fidelity; these included _Robb v Green_ [1895] 2 QB 315 (“
_Robb_ ”); _Wessex Diaries Limited v Smith_ [1935] 2 KB 80 (“ _Wessex Diaries_
”); _Hivac Limited v Park Royal Scientific Instruments Limited_ [1946] Ch 169
(“ _Hivac_ ”); _Sanders v Parry_ [1967] 1 WLR 753 (“ _Sanders_ ”); _Laughton &
Hawley v BAPP Industrial Supplies Ltd_ [1986] ICR 634 (“ _Laughton_ ”);
_Helmet Integrated Systems Ltd v Tunnard_ [2007] FSR 16 (“ _Helmet_ ”);
_Cobbetts LLP and Lee Crowder v Mark Reginald Stuart Hodge_ [2009] EWHC 786
(Ch) (“ _Cobbetts_ ”); _British Midland Tool v Midland International Tooling
Ltd_ [2003] 2 BCLC 523 (“ _British Midland Tool_ ”); _Shepherds Investments
Ltd v Walters_ [2007] FSR 15 (“ _Shepherds Investments_ ”); and _Nottingham
University_ ; as well as the Scottish decision of _Samsung Semiconductor
Europe Ltd v Docherty_ [2011] SLT 806 (“ _Samsung Semiconductor_ ”). It
should, however, be noted that some of these decisions (for example,
_Nottingham University_ ; _Helmet_ ; _Cobbetts_ and _Samsung Semiconductor_)
were cited and/or also cited in the context of an alleged breach of fiduciary
duty by the Respondent – an issue which we have already dealt with in the
preceding part of this judgment.

64 In the seminal English Court of Appeal decision of _Robb_ , for example,
the defendant employee surreptitiously copied a list of the plaintiff
employer’s customers from the latter’s order-book, for the purpose of getting
hold of the plaintiff’s customers and inducing them to transfer their business
to him after he had left the plaintiff’s service. Lord Esher MR stated (at
316) that:

The question is whether such conduct was not what any person of ordinary
honesty would look upon as dishonest conduct towards his employer and a
dereliction from the duty which the defendant owed to his employer to act
towards him with good faith.

Not surprisingly, the court answered the above question in the affirmative.

65 The crucial question of law in this appeal is whether or not taking
_preparatory steps_ to compete with a former employer forms a breach an
employee’s implied duty of good faith and fidelity. It is now well-established
by the case law that the mere taking of such preparatory steps will _not_
constitute a breach of the implied duty of good faith and fidelity on the part
of the employee concerned. This principle is, in fact, succinctly stated in a
leading textbook on employment law, as follows (see Norman Selwyn, _Selwyn’s
Law of Employment_ (16th Ed, Oxford University Press, 2010 at paras 19.2 and
19.5 (reference may also be made to a similar proposition at _id_ , para
10.55)):

19.2 The mere fact that the employee is seeking employment with a competitor
is not, by itself, a breach of the duty of fidelity, in the absence of any
evidence that the employee is wrongfully seeking to disclose confidential
information or trade secrets ... [A]n employee who is about to leave his
employment may attempt to make preparatory steps, either during his working
hours, or in his own time, to prepare himself for future employment.

...

19.5 As a general principle, an employee’s duty of fidelity does not prevent
him from competing with a former employer once he has left his employment, and
the freedom to do so carries with it the freedom to prepare for future
activities that the employee intends to pursue once he has left his employment
(_Helmet Integrated Systems Ltd v Tunnard_ ...). But preparatory activities
undertaken by directors or senior employees are more likely to constitute
breaches of fidelity and fiduciary duties (_Shepherds Investment Ltd v
Walters_). In any particular case, it will be necessary to identify the
particular duties undertaken by the employee and to ask whether, in all the
circumstances, he has placed himself in a position where he must act solely in
the interests of his employer (_Nottingham University v Fishel_ ...).

66 Indeed, the legal principle set out in the preceding paragraph (_ie_ , that
mere preparatory steps are insufficient to breach the implied duty of good
faith and fidelity) was common ground between the parties. Although the
Appellant appeared to question this principle by stating that its enunciation
by Hawkins J in _Robb_ was only effected at first instance (reported in _Robb
v Green_ [1895] 2 QB 1), it was not disapproved of on appeal. In any event, it
is now too well-established in the case law to be thrown aside by such a
sidewind – and, in our view, a non-existent one at that. We also note that the
Appellant has – correctly, in our view - clearly accepted this particular
principle in its written case.[note: 13]

67 The case law also clearly demonstrates that whether or not steps taken by
an employee can be considered as preparatory to future competition (which is
permissible), or instead constitute actual competitive activity (which is
_not_ permissible), turns on the _facts_ of each particular case. Looked at in
this light, the mere citation by the Appellant of case law authorities _per
se_ (see above at [63]) is, with respect, neither here nor there (although,
for the sake of completeness, reference will be made below to these (as well
as other) cases). What is of _signal importance_ is _whether or not_ , on the
_facts_ of _this particular appeal_ , the Respondent had merely taken
_preparatory steps_. If mere preparatory steps had been taken, there would
have been _no_ breach of the Respondent’s implied duty of good faith and
fidelity; on the contrary, if more than mere preparatory steps had been taken,
then there _would_ have been a breach of this duty.

68 In _Helmet_ , for example, Moses LJ stated thus (at [28]):

The battle between employer and former employee, who has entered into
competition with his former employer, is often concerned with where the line
is to be drawn between legitimate preparation for future competition and
competitive activity undertaken before the employee has left. This case has
proved no exception. But in deciding on which side of the line Mr Tunnard’s
activities fall, it is important not to be beguiled into thinking that the
mere fact that activities are preparatory to future competition will conclude
the issue in a former employee’s favour. The authorities establish that no
such clear line can be drawn between that which is legitimate and that which
breaches an employee’s obligations.

69 And, in _Shepherds Investments_ , Etherton J stated as follows (at [108]):

What the cases show, and the parties before me agree, is that the precise
point at which preparations for the establishment of a competing business by a
director become unlawful will turn on the actual facts of any particular case.
In each case, the touchstone for what, on the one hand, is permissible, and
what, on the other hand, is impermissible unless consent is obtained from the
company or employer after full disclosure, is what, in the case of a director,
will be in breach of the fiduciary duties to which I have referred or, in the
case of an employee, will be in breach of the obligation of fidelity. It is
obvious, for example, that merely making a decision to set up a competing
business at some point in the future and discussing such an idea with friends
and family would not of themselves be in conflict with the best interests of
the company and the employer. The consulting of lawyers and other
professionals may, depending on all the circumstances, equally be consistent
with a director’s fiduciary duties and the employee’s obligation of loyalty.
At the other end of the spectrum, it is plain that soliciting customers of the
company and the employer or the actual carrying on of trade by a competing
business would be in breach of the duties of the director and the obligations
of the employee. It is the wide range of activity and decision making between
the two ends of the spectrum which will be fact sensitive in every case.

70 It is clear, therefore, that whether or not a certain course of conduct
constitutes a breach of the duty of good faith and fidelity cannot – because
of the signal importance of the _facts_ \- be ascertained in a mechanistic
fashion, but instead requires a nuanced and close analysis of the entire
factual matrix. Although it is rare for any two cases to be identical in
relation to the material facts, a closer examination of the case law is
nevertheless helpful inasmuch as it illustrates which acts have been found to
form actual competitive activity, so as to breach the duty of good faith and
fidelity. A sample of such case law illustrations includes the following:

(a) _Pacific Autocom Enterprise Pte Ltd v Chia_ _Wah_ _Siang_ [2004] 3 SLR(R)
73 (Singapore High Court): An employee actively procuring the breakdown of the
relationship between the employer and the employer’s principal, as well as
accepting the offer of employment from the principal to be in competition with
the employer, instead of seeking to help the employer retain the principal and
salvage the relationship.

(b) _Hivac_ (English Court of Appeal): Employees engaged in highly skilled
work but, in their spare time, doing similar work for a company in direct
competition with their employer, and persuading other employees to work for
the competitor.

(c) _Wessex_ _Dairies Limited v Smith_ [1935] 2 KB 80 (English Court of
Appeal) (“ _Wessex Dairies_ ”): The employee, whilst still in the service of
his employer, solicited the employer’s customers to transfer their custom to
himself after his employment with the employer was terminated.

(d) _Sanders_ (English High Court): The defendant employee, whilst an
assistant solicitor of the plaintiff solicitor, entered into an agreement with
one of the plaintiff’s important clients, with the result that the defendant
would leave the plaintiff’s employ and set up his own practice – at which time
the client concerned would transfer all his legal work from the plaintiff to
the defendant). The defendant also persuaded one of the plaintiff’s
secretaries to join him. Both acts were held to be breaches. It is also noted
that the entry into an agreement is sufficient to constitute more than just a
preparatory act – a proposition that is both logical as well as
commonsensical.

(e) _Balston Limited v Headline Filters Limited_ [1990] FSR 385 (English High
Court): An employee acquiring a company engaging in a competing business,
soliciting a fellow employee to join the said company, and entering into an
agreement to supply a customer of his employer with filter tubes (a business
in direct competition with his employer).

(f) _Lancashire Fires Limited v S A Lyons & Company Limited_ [1996] FSR 629 (“
_Lancashire Fires_ ”) (English Court of Appeal): An employee incorporating a
company, obtaining a loan (via the company he incorporated) from the plaintiff
company’s potential customer to develop his own business. Employee then
leasing premises, purchasing equipment; and entering (again, via the company
he incorporated) into a preliminary agreement (an agreement to agree) to sell
ceramic components to the aforementioned customer on an exclusive basis (a
business in direct competition with that of his employer).

71 On the other hand, the following cases provide illustrations of acts which
constitute merely preparatory activity that cannot therefore be considered
breaches of the duty of good faith and fidelity:

(a) _Laughton_ (English Employment Appeal Tribunal): Employees writing to some
of their employer’s suppliers to inform them that they intended to start
business on their own and to ask for details of those suppliers’ products.

(b) _Balston_ : Although the employee’s actual competitive activity (see
[70(e)] above) was in breach, the following preparatory steps were found to be
permissible: forming an intention to start a competing business, consulting
accountants and lawyers on the viability of the said business, approaching a
bank for financing, and agreeing to a lease of premises.

(c) _Helmet_ (English Patents County Court): A salesman conceiving an idea for
a new product (a firefighter’s helmet) in the same business as his employer,
engaging an industrial designer, applying for a government grant for his
business and after obtaining the grant, giving the designer a design
specification and examples of existing helmets including his employer’s
product. It is significant that, in arriving at its decision, the court noted
that the employee had not entered into any agreements with competitors or even
potential competitors (_contra_ , for example, _Sanders_ and _Lancashire
Fires_ (referred to above at [70(d)] and [70(f))], respectively)).

72 The Appellant sought (particularly in oral submissions before this court)
to impress upon us that a “consistent principle” (what we term “the
Irrevocable Intention Test”) could be distilled from the two cases of _British
Midland Tool_ and _Shepherds Investments_ , respectively, _viz_ , that:[note:
14]

If an employee or director embarks on preparatory activities in the course of
his employment involving the _implementation of an irrevocable plan to compete
with his employer that, on the facts of the particular case, could reasonably
jeopardise his employer’s commercial interests_ , without disclosing the same
to his employer and obtaining his employer’s consent, then he has breached his
duty of good faith and fidelity. [emphasis in original]

73 The Appellant sought to persuade us that _British Midland Tool_ and
_Shepherds Investments_ , in which the courts found a breach of duty, were
indistinguishable from the present factual matrix, and, remaining faithful to
the Irrevocable Intention Test, should lead us to conclude that the Respondent
was similarly in breach of his duty of good faith and fidelity. It is
therefore necessary to embark upon a granular examination of the respective
factual matrices that contextualised the formulation of the Irrevocable
Intention Test, and explain how we came to disagree with the Appellant’s
submissions.

74 In _British Midland Tool_ , the employer brought an action against four
former directors for, _inter alia_ , breach of fiduciary duty and the duty of
good faith and fidelity. The four directors had set up a rival business,
copied certain sensitive information from their employer for use in the rival
business, enticed some other employees to join them, and approached existing
customers to transfer their patronage to the rival business.

75 In holding the former directors liable, Hart J appeared to propound a very
broad prohibition against potentially competitive behaviour, as follows (at
[89]):

A director who wishes to engage in a competing business and not to disclose
his intentions to the company ought, in my judgment, to resign his office as
soon as his intention has been irrevocably formed and he has launched himself
in the actual taking of preparatory steps.

76 The Appellant has argued that a similar standard should apply to the
Respondent, _ie_ , that the Respondent should have disclosed his intentions to
compete with the Appellant. However, we are not persuaded by this argument.
The crucial question is: What was the duty that was breached in _British
Midland Tool_? The duty to disclose in _British Midland Tool_ was held to be
based upon a director’s fiduciary duties, not an employee’s duty of good faith
and fidelity. Indeed, Hart J makes it quite clear that (at [94]):

The employee’s duty of fidelity to his employer, although in some respects
similar in content to the director’s fiduciary duty to the company and
although it is itself sometimes described as a fiduciary duty ... is by no
means identical. Importantly it does not include, in the usual case, any
prohibition as such on being in a position where his duty as employee and his
self-interest may conflict.

77 _British Midland Tool_ is, therefore, good authority centring on the
fiduciary duty of a director, to act loyally and in the best interests of his
principal, and not put himself in a position of conflict between his
principal’s interests and his self-interest. These are considerations that do
not apply with equal force in an employee-employer relationship, which is the
situation in the present case.

78 We now turn to _Shepherds Investments_ and explain why the Appellant’s
invocation of the case did not successfully persuade us as to his position.
The first rather significant point, in our view, is that the factual matrices
in both cases were quite different. In _Shepherds Investments_ , two of the
defendant employees were directors whilst the third was a _de facto_ director,
all of whom had made plans to set up a competing business, and the competing
business was well advanced in the development of a rival and superior
investment product. Further, under cross-examination, the _de facto_ director
had admitted to finding it difficult to promote an investment product of a
company in the same group as his employer when he was developing a competing
product. The court in _Shepherds Investments_ found that the steps taken by,
_inter alia_ , the _de facto_ director were in breach of his fiduciary duties.
Interestingly (and this was emphasised strongly by Mr Singh), Etherton J
observed (at [129]) that:

Finally, on this aspect of the case, I should record for completeness that,
even if, contrary to my view, Mr Simmons was a mere employee owing no
fiduciary duties to Investments, I nevertheless conclude that his conduct
between August 12, 2003 and his resignation on September 21, 2003 was such as
to breach his employee’s duty of good faith and fidelity.

79 Whilst Mr Singh strongly urged us to do so, we did not find that simple
remark by Etherton J to be conclusive. First, the observation by Etherton J
must be weighed against the backdrop of the factual matrix in _Shepherds
Investments_ , which we described above. The facts which resulted in liability
for the directors in _Shepherds Investments_ are by no means analogous to the
steps taken by the Respondent in this case. Indeed, not all the steps listed
in the SOC were taken during the Respondent’s employment with the Appellant,
which ended on 18 April 2009. The relevant steps were:

(a) Incorporating Dental Essence on 7 January 2009;

(b) Signing a tenancy agreement for the premises of Dental Essence in Tudor
Court on 25 February 2009;

(c) Fitting out the said premises of Dental Essence;

(d) Having discussions with Dr Pearson which resulted in Dr Pearson becoming a
shareholder and director of Dental Essence on 19 March 2009; and

(e) Not informing the Appellant nor seeking the Appellant’s consent of the
Respondent’s steps to set up a competing business.

80 These steps fall into the category of mere preparatory steps which do not
amount to actual competitive activity. Mere incorporation of the company or
seeking a former fellow employee to join the competing company is not in
breach of the duty of good faith and fidelity. In the English Court of Appeal
decision of _G E Searle & Co Ltd v Celltech Ltd_ [1982] FSR 92, Cumming-Bruce
LJ observed (at 101–102) that:

The law has always looked with favour upon the efforts of employees to advance
themselves, provided they do not use or steal the secrets of their former
employer. In the absence of restrictive covenants, there is nothing in the
general law to prevent a number of employees in concert deciding to leave
their employer and set themselves up in competition with him.

81 Indeed, the Respondent had only obtained a licence from the Ministry of
Health on 14 May 2009, to take effect on 15 May 2009. This was almost a month
after his employment with the Appellant had ceased. The only acts that the
Appellant may validly rely upon, therefore, were merely the incorporation of
the competing business, the leasing and fitting out of business premises, and
discussions with another former employee to join the competing business. These
acts fall cleanly within the limits of permissible preparatory activity. We
would point out, however, that the situation would have been clearly different
if the Respondent had obtained a licence from the Ministry of Health and had,
in his free time, treated patients under the auspices of Dental Essence, in
direct competition with the Appellant (as was the situation in _Hivac_), or
was engaged in active solicitation of his patients when he was under the
employ of the Appellant (as was the situation in _Wessex Dairies_ and
_Balston_). No evidence of such impermissible behaviour is before us and we
cannot see how the preparatory acts of the Respondent can be considered as a
breach of the duty of good faith and fidelity.

82 Secondly, however, Etherton J’s observation must be considered against his
legal analysis of _Shepherds Investments_ : The learned judge was essentially
deciding on an issue relating to the breach of directors’ fiduciary duties. He
was not engaged in a granular analysis of the duty of good faith and fidelity.
We do not think that Etherton J was making an immutable statement that a
director’s fiduciary duty is interchangeable with or identical to an
employee’s duty of good faith and fidelity; and we would disagree with such a
proposition in any event for the reasons already set out above (at [51]-[55]).

Conclusion

83 For the reasons set out above, the appeal is dismissed with costs. The
usual consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEIC”) of Dr Ernest Rex Tan, dated
27 July 2011 (“Dr Tan’s AEIC”) at paras 44 and 46.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Core Bundle of Documents (“RCB”) at pp 14–16.

[note: 3]Dr Tan’s AEIC at paras 116–117.

[note: 4]Dr Tan’s AEIC at paras 65, 112–120.

[note: 5]Dr Tan’s AEIC at paras 83–84.

[note: 6]Dr Tan’s AEIC at paras 131–146.

[note: 7]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at para 418.

[note: 8]Dr Tan’s AEIC at paras 127–149.

[note: 9]AC at para 94.

[note: 10]AC at para 396.

[note: 11]RCB at 14 (cll 2 and 3).

[note: 12]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) vol II at para 27.

[note: 13]AC at para 168.

[note: 14]AC at para 197.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

