Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Pacific & Orient Insurance Co Bhd (formerly known as Pacific & Orient
Insurance Co Sdn Bhd) _v_ Motor Insurers’ Bureau Of Singapore  
[2012] SGHC 202

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 808 of 2011 and No 580 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Harry Elias SC, Francis Goh Siong Pheck and Tan Huilin
Bernice (Harry Elias Partnership) for the plaintiff; Andre Yeap SC, Lai Yew
Fei and Sharmila Jit Chandran (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Pacific & Orient Insurance Co Bhd (formerly known as Pacific &
Orient Insurance Co Sdn Bhd) — Motor Insurers' Bureau Of Singapore  
  
4 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 There are two Originating Summonses before me, one being OS No 808 of 2011
(“OS 808”) and the other, OS No 580 of 2011 (“OS 580”). In OS 808, Pacific &
Orient Insurance Company Berhad (“P&O Insurance”) is the Plaintiff while the
Motor Insurers’ Bureau of Singapore (“MIB”) is the Defendant. P&O Insurance
was formerly known as the Pacific & Orient Insurance Company Sendirian
Berhard. In OS 580, the positions are reversed where MIB is the Plaintiff
while P&O Insurance is the Defendant.

2 These proceedings are mirror applications which revolve around the essential
question of whether P&O Insurance, which carries on business as an insurance
company in Malaysia with no office in Singapore, is liable to satisfy a
Singapore judgement obtained by an injured pillion rider (or by his estate in
the event of his death), against its policy holder who is the rider of the
motorcycle, in a traffic accident which occurred in Singapore.

3 This is in turn contingent upon the obligations which P&O Insurance has
undertaken under a 15 September 1975 Agreement (“Special Agreement”) with MIB.

Background Facts

4 The following facts are not disputed. On 21 December 2005, Ravi a/l
Mariappen (“Ravi”), a Malaysian, was riding his Malaysian-registered
motorcycle with Ganesan a/l Govindaraj (“Ganesan”) riding pillion along Benoi
Road, Singapore, when there was a collision with a lorry driven by Mohammel
Hoque Aminul Hoque (“the lorry driver”).

5 Ganesan, who was injured, commenced Suit No 460 of 2008 (“Suit 460”) against
Ravi. The lorry driver was subsequently added as a second defendant. On 27
July 2010, final judgment in the sum of S$243,983.68 was entered in Ganesan’s
favour. Liability was apportioned with Ravi bearing 75% and the lorry driver
bearing 25% of the blame for the accident.

6 Ganesan’s lawyers had notified MIB on 17 July 2008 that they had commenced
proceedings against Ravi and that they had informed P&O Insurance, who had
issued a policy dated 12 April 2005 to Ravi in Malaysia, of this. However, P&O
Insurance had disclaimed liability on the ground that Ravi had not taken out
any insurance for pillion rider cover.

7 MIB took the position that P&O Insurance was an “Insurer Concerned” under
the Special Agreement that was binding on P&O Insurance and that the latter
should settle the judgment obtained by Ganesan. P&O Insurance disagreed that
it was an “Insurer Concerned” and refused to settle the judgment. The parties
therefore commenced these proceedings seeking the court’s ruling on this and
other related issues.

Relevant History of the Motor Insurers’ Bureau

8 It bears repeating that the ubiquitous motor vehicle, indispensable to
modern life, has an unfortunate inherent capacity to injure, maim or cause the
death of other road users or pedestrians as well as inflict property damage.
All too often, more than one category of harm is caused. Hence the enactment
of social legislation, not long after the widespread use of motor vehicles, to
ensure that no vehicle is on the road without compulsory insurance cover for
personal injury or death to a third party arising out of the negligent use of
the vehicle: see the English Road Traffic Act of 1930 (c 43) (UK). The
equivalent legislation in Singapore is the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks
and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed), (“MV(TP)A”). Given the
contractual nature of insurance, it would be of no comfort to such a victim
if, for one reason or another, the insurer was entitled to deny liability or
cover to the vehicle owner or driver it has insured. This deficiency was
addressed by the MV(TP)A which essentially provided that an insurer who is
entitled to avoid liability under the policy to indemnify the vehicle owner
and/or driver, must nonetheless first satisfy any judgment for death or
personal injury entered against its insured owner and/or driver. It is then
entitled to recover that sum from its insured. This allowed the victim,
provided it gave due notice of his claim, a direct cause of action against the
insurer.

9 However, there were still cracks through which claims could fall through and
victims were left without compensation. For example, what if for one reason or
another, there was no effective insurance cover? What if the driver fled the
accident scene and the victim was so severely injured or even killed that the
vehicle and its driver could not be traced? What happens if the insurer became
insolvent?

10 The first Motor Insurers’ Bureau was established in England in 1946. It was
a fund financed by all motor insurers in the country to pay compensation to
road traffic victims who were unable to recover any compensation for their
injuries or claims. This same model was subsequently adopted in Hong Kong,
Malaysia and Singapore.

11 Malaysia set up its Motor Insurers’ Bureau of West Malaysia, (“MIBWM”), in
1968 and it was based on the English model. Singapore set up its Bureau in
1975 and it was based on the MIBWM model.

12 MIB is an independent public company incorporated on 25 January 1975. It is
set up and funded by all general insurance companies and Lloyd’s Underwriters
carrying on motor business and operating in Singapore. Among its objects in
its Memorandum of Association (“MOA”) are, at clause 3:

(a)to enter into and give effect of any agreement or agreements and any
amendments thereto between the Bureau and any Government Department or duly
authorised Government Representative of Singapore for the purpose of ensuring
as far as possible that the operation of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks
and Compensation) Act (Chapter 88) and any statutory modifications thereto and
re-enactment thereof and any amendments that may be made thereto shall be just
and equitable and achieve to the fullest extent possible the objects for which
they were promulgated, and in furtherance of the above objects;

(b)to make compassionate payments or allowances to persons injured and to the
dependents of persons killed through the use of motor vehicles as defined in
the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Chapter 88) or
any statutory modifications thereto and re-enactment thereof;

...

(f)to enter into binding agreements with its members or any of them ... for
such other purposes as may be conducive to efficient, economical or
expeditious discharge of its obligations and furtherance of its objects.

13 Article 13 of MIB’s Articles of Association provides as follows:

Every member shall be bound to further to the best of its ability the objects,
interests and influences of the Bureau and shall observe these Articles and
any regulations which may be promulgated from time to time for the
administration of the Bureau and any Agreements which may be entered into
between the Bureau and such member.

14 On 22 February 1975, two agreements were entered into:

(a) First, MIB entered into an agreement with the Minister of Finance. This
was known as the Principal Agreement. The Principal Agreement sets out the
obligations of the MIB to compensate victims of road accidents under certain
conditions. These were basically where there was no effective insurance for
the vehicle involved, where the driver of the vehicle could not be traced or
where the insurer had become insolvent.

(b) Second, MIB entered into an agreement with all insurance companies and
Lloyds Underwriters which sold motor insurance policies in Singapore, (“motor
insurance business”). This was known as the Domestic Agreement. The Domestic
Agreement specifies the situations and conditions under which an insurance
company is liable to compensate victims of a road accident.

15 When any subsequent insurer applied for a licence from the Monetary
Authority of Singapore, and part of its insurance portfolio was motor
insurance business, it was a condition of its licence that it had to sign an
agreement with the MIB and agree to the terms of the Domestic Agreement.

16 The underlying rationale of a scheme like the Motor Insurers’ Bureau is to
fulfil the social aim of providing compensation for all road accident victims
where for some reason there was no effective insurance policy to cover the
liability and it was also to help spread the risk among all insurers issuing
motor insurance policies within the jurisdiction in cases of untraced drivers
and insolvent insurers. Hence MIB had the right to call for contributions from
all insurers to meet its liabilities. In addition, the concept of the “Insurer
Concerned” was a practical measure adopted to save administrative costs and
relieve the MIB from the need to have qualified staff to investigate, process
and deal with or settle claims of such victims.

17 When the MIBWM was set up in Malaysia in 1968, the free flow of traffic
between Singapore and Malaysia caused a problem. Because Singapore vehicles
could enter West Malaysia freely, MIBWM found it had to compensate victims of
road accidents on West Malaysian roads caused by Singapore vehicles without a
right to seek recovery because its equivalent of the Domestic Agreement was
only signed with insurers registered in Malaysia. Malaysian insurers were thus
left to shoulder the entire financial burden in relation to Singapore vehicles
travelling on Malaysian roads. Consequently, pursuant to discussions between
the regulators on both sides of the Causeway, Singapore insurers signed
special agreements to be bound as if they were bound by MIBWM’s Memorandum and
Articles of Association and their equivalents of the Principal and Domestic
Agreements. When Singapore set up the MIB seven years later in 1975, there was
therefore already a precedent to deal with the problem of Malaysian vehicles
on Singapore roads. Hence motor insurers transacting motor insurance business
on both sides of the Causeway had to enter into agreements with the MIB or
MIBWM respectively.

Pacific Insurance and the MIB

18 P&O Insurance carried on its insurance business in Malaysia and was
therefore not an original signatory to the Domestic Agreement. However, on 15
September 1975, P&O Insurance, like many other Malaysian insurance companies
then and subsequently, signed an agreement with MIB, known as the Special
Agreement (“Special Agreement”). The Domestic Agreement was annexed to the
Special Agreement and P&O Insurance agreed “...to be bound by the Articles of
Association of the Bureau... in every way as if the Company were a member of
the Bureau”. The Special Agreement therefore placed P&O Insurance in the same
contractual position as any other member of MIB.

19 At the time of the Special Agreement, the motor vehicle insurance regimes
in Singapore and Malaysia were largely the same, if not _in_ _pari_ _materia_.
In particular, whilst it was compulsory to have insurance cover for liability
to third parties, it was not mandatory for the owners and/or drivers of motor
vehicles to carry obtain insurance cover for injury to their passengers or
pillion-riders.

20 This position changed in 1980, when Singapore made passenger cover
mandatory through an amendment to the MV(TP)A. This created a divergence
between the compulsory motor vehicle insurance requirements in Malaysia and
Singapore which persists to this day. The Malaysian Road Traffic Ordinance
1958 (Ord 49 of 1958) did not require such coverage, and the position remains
the same in the current legislation governing motor insurance in Malaysia,
_viz_ , the Road Transport Act 1987 (Act 333).

21 On 24 September 1998, MIB entered into a Supplemental Agreement with its
members introducing some changes to the Domestic Agreement. The key amendment
was an update of references to the MV(TP)A so that the scheme would operate
against the backdrop of the current version of this statute, Chapter 189,
instead of Chapter 88.

22 These differences have now given rise to the dispute and the interpretation
of the clauses within the various agreements signed by the parties.

The Dispute between the MIB and P&O Insurance

23 In the Special Agreement entered into between P&O Insurance and the MIB,
recital 2 reads as follows:

WHEREAS

...

(2) [P&O Insurance] is desirous of entering into an agreement with the Bureau
whereby [P&O Insurance] agrees to be bound by the Articles of Association of
the Bureau, the Agreement between the Bureau and the Members and the Agreement
between the Bureau and the Minister of Finance, copies whereof are annexed
hereto, in every way as if [P&O Insurance] were a member of the Bureau, and
the Bureau has accordingly agreed to enter into this Agreement upon and
subject to the terms and conditions set forth.

Insofar as this expresses the aim or intention of the parties, it is
consistent with what I have set out above. It also forms part of the relevant
context or factual matrix within which this agreement was entered into.

24 Turning to the actual terms of the agreement, clauses 1 and 2 of the
Special Agreement provide:

1\. ... [P&O Insurance] hereby covenants with the Bureau that it will in every
respect comply with every obligation imposed upon Members of the Bureau by the
Articles of Association of the Bureau and in particular will subscribe such
funds to the Bureau and furnish such returns of gross premium income in
respect of all motor vehicle insurance effected in Singapore as are required
by Members...

2 [P&O Insurance] further covenants with the Bureau that it will comply with
every obligation imposed upon Members of the Bureau by the Memorandum of
Agreement between the Bureau and its members (a copy of which is annexed
hereto) in every respect as if [P&O Insurance] were an “Insurer” for the
purposes of the said Agreement and in particular undertakes and binds itself
to the Bureau to make any payment demanded under Clauses 6 and 7 of the said
Agreement and to furnish the Council of the Bureau such particulars of its
premium income as the Council may require.

The Memorandum of Agreement referred to in clause 2 refers to the Domestic
Agreement between the MIB and its Members.

25 Clause 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement provides that:

If a Judgment is obtained in Singapore against any person (hereinafter
referred to as the “Judgment Debtor”) in respect of liability required to be
insured by the Compulsory Insurance Legislation the Insurer Concerned will
satisfy the Original Judgment Creditor if and to the extent that the Judgment
has not been satisfied by the Judgment Debtor within twenty-eight days from
the date upon which the person in whose favour it was given is entitled to
enforce it.

Clause 1 of the Domestic Agreement defines the terms “Insurer Concerned” and
“Compulsory Insurance Legislation” as follows:

“Insurer Concerned” means the Insurer who at the time of the accident which
gave rise to a liability required to be insured by the Compulsory Insurance
Legislation was providing an insurance against such liability in respect of
the vehicle arising out of the use of which the liability of the Judgment
Debtor was incurred.

“Compulsory Insurance Legislation” means the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks
and Compensation) Act (Chapter 99) and any statutory modifications thereto or
any re-enactment thereof.

26 P&O Insurance contends that it is not bound to pay out to passengers or
pillion riders for the following interconnected reasons:

(a) It is not an original signatory to the Domestic Agreement of 22 February
1975 and it has no business presence in Singapore. It is also a member of
MIBWM and it had signed the Special Agreement on 15 September 1975, subject
always to terms and conditions of its insurance policy;

(b) In September 1975, the legislation regulating compulsory insurance cover
was largely the same, if not _in pari_ _materia_ , in both Singapore and
Malaysia, so insurance cover for passenger liability was not compulsory and
the Special Agreement it had signed in September 1975 did not stipulate that
passenger liability was compulsory;

(c) It became compulsory to have insurance cover for passenger liability in
Singapore in 1980 but this was not compulsory in Malaysia then or even today.
P&O Insurance being an insurance company registered in Malaysia without any
presence in Singapore, is regulated by the then Malaysian Road Traffic
Ordinance 1958 and the Road Transport Act 1987 now; it is not subject to s
4(1)(a) of the MV(TP)A;

(d) P&O Insurance has warned their policy holders in their motor insurance
proposal forms that it is the responsibility of the policy holder to extend
their policy to obtain cover legal liability to passengers if they enter
Singapore, as it is an offence to drive their vehicle without this cover
there; P&O Insurance does offer this extended cover, for an additional
premium;

(e) P&O Insurance does not qualify as an “Insurer Concerned” under clause 1 of
the Domestic Agreement unless the insured user of a Malaysian registered
vehicle has purchased additional cover for passengers or pillion riders. This
is because clause 1 states that the insurer must have been, at the time of the
accident, “ _providing_ an insurance against _such_ liability” (emphasis
added). P&O Insurance’s motor insurance policy does not provide cover for
liability to passengers or pillion riders; but motor vehicle owners and/or
drivers can purchase a separate personal accident protection plan which
provides such extended cover from P&O Insurance.

27 I cannot accept the argument that P&O Insurance signed the Special
Agreement on 15 September 1975, subject always to the terms and conditions of
its insurance policy. That phrase and condition does not appear anywhere in
the Special Agreement. Neither can that term be implied as it is not necessary
for business efficacy nor does it pass the officious bystander test.

28 It is clear and unarguable otherwise that by clause 2 of the Special
Agreement, P&O Insurance covenanted with the MIB to comply with every
obligation imposed upon members of the MIB by the Domestic Agreement as if P&O
Insurance was a party to thereto. A copy of the Domestic Agreement was
expressed to be annexed the Special Agreement. In fact, it will be seen from
recital 2, set out above at [23], that the Articles of Association of the MIB,
the Domestic Agreement and the Principal Agreement were all expressed to be
annexed to the Special Agreement. Additionally, P&O Insurance expressly agreed
to be bound by the Articles of Association of the MIB. It is not part of P&O
Insurance’s case that it did not possess or did not know what was contained in
those documents.

29 It is stipulated in clear and unambiguous language in clause 3(1) of the
Domestic Agreement that if a judgment is obtained in Singapore against any
person in respect of liability which is required to be insured by the
Compulsory Insurance Legislation, the “Insurer Concerned” must satisfy that
judgment within a stipulated period. The definitions of the terms “Insurer
Concerned” and “Compulsory Insurance Legislation” are found in clause 1 of the
Domestic Agreement as already set out above at [25].

30 P&O Insurance contends that it is not an “Insurer Concerned” for the
purposes of clause 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement because according to the
definition of this term in the Domestic Agreement, it is clear that to be an
“Insurer Concerned” that insurer must have been _providing_ an insurance
against “ _such liability_ ”, _ie_ , passenger or pillion-rider liability.
Since P&O Insurance did not cover passenger or pillion rider liability, they
are not an “Insurer Concerned”.

31 In my judgment, this is not the true and proper construction of clause 3(1)
of the Domestic Agreement and of the definition of the term “Insurer
Concerned”. The starting point must be to consider the obligation undertaken
by P&O Insurance under clause 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement. The first
requirement is that a judgment has been obtained in Singapore against a person
in respect of liability which has to be insured under the Compulsory Insurance
Legislation.

32 Compulsory Insurance Legislation is defined as the MV(TP)A _and_ any
statutory modifications thereto or any re-enactments thereof. Accordingly P&O
Insurance has expressly undertaken to accept modifications to the MV(TP)A or
statutory re-enactments thereof. It is not something static or frozen in time
when P&O Insurance signed the Special Agreement in September 1975.

33 If such a judgement is not satisfied within the stipulated time or not in
full, then the “Insurer Concerned” has to satisfy that judgment or the
shortfall. In that context, the phrase “such insurance” clearly refers to
“such” policy that was issued by the Insurer as was required by the compulsory
insurance regime in law, _ie_ , the MV(TP)A, as it stood at that point in
time.

34 It cannot matter that that Insurer and its policy did not cover passenger
or pillion rider liability because that was the whole purpose and rationale
for such a scheme, _ie_ , where there was no _effective_ insurance cover, the
victim was assured of compensation and that was dealt with by the Insurer who
issued the motor policy.

35 The definition of “Insurer Concerned” also makes clear by elaboration, that
the insurance company which issued the policy to the judgment debtor remains
an “Insurer Concerned”. This was notwithstanding that, for example, the
insurance was obtained by fraud, misrepresentation, non-disclosure of material
facts, mistake, or that there was some term, description, limitation,
exception or condition of the insurance policy or of the proposal form on
which it was based expressly or by implication excludes the insurer’s
liability whether generally or in the particular circumstances in which the
judgment debtor liability was incurred, or even in the situation where the
judgment debtor was in unauthorised possession of the vehicle by which
liability incurred on the part of the judgment debtor arose.

36 Furthermore, it should be noticed that within the definition of “Insurer
Concerned” there is a reference to “the liability of the Judgment Debtor”,
which suggests that clause 1 of the Domestic Agreement draws internal
distinctions between the _specific_ liability incurred by the judgment debtor
and the _general_ class of liability covered by Compulsory Insurance
Legislation. If not for such a distinction, the specific reference to “the
liability of the Judgment Debtor” would constitute otiose verbiage in an
otherwise tightly worded document. On the plaintiff’s interpretation, “the
liability of the Judgment Debtor” can be substituted with the single pronoun
“it” and the meaning of clause 1 would be unchanged. I therefore attribute
significance to the specific words used in the drafting of the provision, and
as such would reject the plaintiff’s interpretation.

37 In my judgment, clause 3(1) of the Domestic Agreement and the definition of
“Insurer Concerned” in clause 1 of the Domestic Agreement refers to an insurer
which covers any form of liability which is also the subject of the MV(TP)A.
It follows from this that clause 3(1) operates to place an obligation on such
insurers to satisfy judgment debts arising from _other_ forms of liability
covered by the MV(TP)A but not expressly included in the insurance policy,
such as passenger liability in the present case.

38 I am fortified by what is stated in Poh Chu Chai, _Law of Life, Motor and
Workmen’s Compensation Insurance_ (Lexis Nexis, 2006, 6th ed) at 652, _viz_ ,
that the MIB was incorporated primarily as “...an attempt by motor insurers to
bridge the apparent gaps that have arisen in the scheme of compulsory motor
insurance provided under the Motor Vehicles (Third Party Risks and
Compensation) Act.”

39 This is also referred to in the pre-amble to the Principal Agreement
entered into between MIBS and the Minister of Finance on the same day as the
Domestic Agreement, a copy of which was also annexed thereto, which states
that the _raison-d’etre_ of the scheme was “to secure compensation to third
party victims of road accidents in cases where, notwithstanding the provisions
of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Chapter 88)
relating to compulsory insurance, the victim is deprived of compensation by
the absence of insurance, or of effective insurance.”[note: 1] The practical
effect of the scheme is fully fleshed out in clause 3 of the Principal
Agreement:

If judgment in respect of any liability which is required to be covered by a
policy of insurance under the Act is obtained against any person or persons in
any Court in Singapore and either at the time of the accident giving rise to
such liability there is not in force a policy of insurance as required by the
Act or such policy is ineffective for any reason (including the inability of
the insurer to make payment) and any such judgment is not satisfied in full
within twenty-eight days from the date upon which the person or persons in
whose favour such judgement was given became entitled to enforce it then the
Bureau will, subject to the provisions of this Part of this Agreement, pay or
cause to be paid to the person or persons in whose favour such judgement was
given...

40 As counsel for MIB, Mr Andre Yeap SC, submits, clause 3 of the Domestic
Agreement simply represents a transmission of MIB’s mirror obligation under
the Principal Agreement to its members via the “Insurer Concerned” mechanism.
This is confirmed by clause 4 of the Domestic Agreement:

All payments made by an Insurer under Clause 3(1) hereof shall be deemed to be
made in discharge of the liability of the Bureau under the Annexed Agreement
to make the same.

41 The whole scheme of a motor insurance bureau rests on providing a social
safety net for accident victims which fall through gaps in the compulsory
insurance cover. The concept of the “Insurer Concerned” is to cut down
administrative costs of a bureau, which would have to be borne at the end of
the day by all general insurers issuing motor policies. I accept the evidence
set out in Mr Chew Loy Kiat’s affidavit, which explains the “Insurer
Concerned” concept as having been “designed as a practical measure to achieve
administrative convenience and save costs, by relieving [MIB] from
investigating, handling and settling claims from victims of road accidents in
cases where there is an Insurer Concerned.” Further, “[t]he concept works by
the ‘swings and roundabouts’ principle, as all compensation payments by the
[MIB] under the Principal Agreement are indirectly financed by all its
members”.[note: 2]

42 Moreover, the whole idea of getting Singapore registered insurers who issue
motor policies to sign up with the MIBWM and Malaysian registered insurers who
issue motor policies to sign up with MIB is for the convenience of the
motoring public in both countries _and_ importantly for the protection of
potential victims from the use of motor vehicles. Motorists and motorcyclists
can seamlessly travel into Singapore or Malaysia and third parties in the
other country will always be protected against the possibility of being left
without compensation for death or personal injury caused by a Singapore or
Malaysian vehicle. This regime was agreed to by all motor insurers who had
signed up with the MIB and MIBWM. P&O Insurance’s current position detracts
from both the motor insurance bureau scheme and the reciprocal registration
arrangement between MIB and MIBWM.

43 My attention was also drawn to an apparently similar case of _Kurnia
Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad v Koo Siew Tai_ (Originating Summons No 383 of
2010) (“ _Kurnia_ ”), which concerned issues broadly similar to the matter
before me. The plaintiff in that case was also a Malaysian insurance company
and it sought a declaration that it was not liable to satisfy any judgment for
damages against the second defendant, as well as an injunction restraining
both defendants from making any claim against the MIB for the same sum. The
second defendant was the policy-holder and owner of the vehicle involved in an
accident, and the first Defendant was his pillion. I draw comfort from the
fact that Prakash J dismissed both of the plaintiff’s applications.
Unfortunately though, there was no occasion for the learned judge to provide
written grounds of her decision.

44 My attention was also drawn to _Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd v Ong Kah Hoe
(trading as Ong Industrial Supplies) and another_ [1996] SGHC 42 (“ _Cosmic
Insurance (No 1)_ ”). Kan J, in allowing the Defendants’ application to set
aside default judgment obtained in favour of the Plaintiff, appeared to be of
the view that the insurer would not be liable to make payment if the insured
had acted outside of the terms of the policy:

14 The second defendant may have driven the lorry with the authority of the
first defendant, but he was driving when his licence was suspended. Since he
was driving when he was not licensed to drive, he was not an authorised driver
for the purposes of the policy, and he was not a person insured by the policy.
Proceeding from that, the plaintiffs were not required by s 9(1) to satisfy
the judgment against him.

45 Unfortunately, this issue was not explored further at trial before Rubin J
in _Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd v Ong Kah Hoe (trading as Ong Industrial
Supplies) and another_ [1997] SGHC 237 (“ _Cosmic Insurance (No 2)_ ”), which
was decided on grounds that are not relevant to the issues in these
proceedings. With respect, excessive weight should not be placed on _Cosmic
Insurance (No 1)_ , as it arose on an interlocutory appeal in which it was
sufficient for the defendant to show that he had merits to which the court
should pay heed, and consequently allow him to proceed to trial by setting
aside the default judgment. There was no determination at that stage but the
matter was left to the trial judge to make a determination.

46 The reasons set out above are sufficient to dispose of the issues raised in
these proceedings where I have held in favour of MIB. However I will now deal
with two, in my view, subsidiary points raised by the parties, neither of
which is determinative of the issues set out in the respective Originating
Summonses.

P&O Insurance did not sign the Supplemental Agreement

47 Counsel for P&O Insurance, Mr Harry Elias SC, submitted that it was
significant that other insurers signed a Supplemental Agreement on 24
September 1998 but P&O Insurance did not.

48 It is important to note that this is a buttressing argument because P&O
Insurance’s refusal to sign the Supplemental Agreement will only advance its
case if such a refusal constitutes unilateral withdrawal from the Special
Agreement, or if the Supplemental Agreement was a novation of the Domestic
Agreement. There are clear factors which obstruct the plaintiff’s progress
along both routes. The plaintiff remains a member of MIB, and indeed has made
payment to passengers pursuant to its obligations under the Special Agreement
in a previous case albeit under protest. There is also no suggestion that the
Supplemental Agreement was a novation, particularly because the pre-amble
states:

The parties hereto are desirous of implementing certain amendments and/or
changes and/or modifications to the 1975 Members’ Agreement.

Furthermore, it is plainly evident, on the face of the Supplemental Agreement,
that there is no novation of the Domestic Agreement. P&O Insurance remains
bound by the Special Agreement which it signed in September 1975 with the MIB.

49 I agree with Mr Andre Yeap SC, that the terms of the Supplemental Agreement
do not affect any obligations undertaken by P&O Insurance under the Special
Agreement. The Supplemental Agreement dealt with two main areas.

50 The first is that it updated references to the “Motor Vehicles (Third-Party
Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 88, 1970 Rev Ed)” to the “Motor Vehicles
(Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed)” (“MV(TPR)A”).
I have already referred to the definition of “Compulsory Insurance
Legislation” in clause 1 of the Domestic Agreement which catered for
modifications or re-enactments of the MV(TPR)A with the words: “and any
statutory modifications thereto or re-enactments thereof.”

51 The second aspect was an amendment to the definition of “Insurer
Concerned”. The first and relevant portion of the original definition, set out
in [25] above was retained, word for word. The clarification as to when an
insurer still remained an “Insurer Concerned” was also retained word for word.
The amendments made to the latter part of the definition as to when an insurer
ceases to be an insurer concerned and motor trade policies are irrelevant to
this case.

52 The Supplemental Agreement expressly provided that, save for the amendments
contained in the Supplemental Agreement, none of which are relevant to this
case, the 1975 Domestic Agreement “...shall remain in full force and effect.”

53 None of these amendments affect the present case. Consequently, the fact
that P&O Insurance did not sign the Supplemental Agreement does not buttress
its case that its obligations are somehow confined to the MV(TP)A as it stood
in September 1975. In entering and remaining party to the Special Agreement
the plaintiff has bound itself to compensate third-parties for liabilities in
accordance with its terms.

The P&O Insurance Certificate of Insurance that was Issued

54 Mr Harry Elias SC also stressed the fact that his client does cover
pillion-rider liability but at an additional premium. He added that his client
also did warn their insureds, when they filled in the proposal form, that it
is an offence under Singapore law to enter Singapore without extending their
motor insurance to cover legal liability to passengers.

55 The Certificate of Insurance issued to Ravi comprised 3 pages. P&O
Insurance points to the bottom of the first page where there is a reference in
small print to the policy to which the Certificate related was issued in
accordance with various statutes (including the “Motor Vehicles (Third Party
Risks and Compensation) Ordinance 1960 (Republic of Singapore)”) to bolster
its case that their policy did not cover passenger or pillion rider cover
required under the MV(TP)A, while MIB points to the third page where under the
heading “Legislation”, there is a reference to the “Motor Vehicles (Third
Party Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189)”.

56 This does not assist either party. The rights and obligations of MIB and
P&O Insurance are governed by the written agreement they entered into and not
any particular insurance certificate issued by P&O Insurance.

Context and Social Legislation

57 I have already referred to the nature of social legislation covering the
use of motor vehicles and the unfortunate consequences for victims where the
owner or driver cannot satisfy the judgment obtained by the victim and where
there is no effective insurance cover. I do not think there is any right-
thinking member of or entity in our society, be it an insurer, a businessman,
a vehicle owner, a legislator, or even the man on the street, who will
disagree that such a state of affairs is undesirable.

58 Schemes like that of a motor insurance bureau perform a crucial function.
Its laudable objectives cannot be denied. This is supported by motor insurers,
both financially and morally, as responsible corporate citizens. The exchange
of correspondence in the past, between the MIB, MIBWM, the Insurance
Commissioner (as he was then called), Persatuan Insuran Am Malaysia (PIAM or
the insurance association of Malaysia) and Bank Negara all show or at least
point to their support of the schemes in place in Malaysia and Singapore.

59 It is thus unfortunate that cases like this occur. Perhaps it may have been
due to financial considerations or pressure. When the Special Agreement was
signed in September 1975, the rate of exchange was around MYR1.00 to
S$0.9348[note: 3] or S$1.00 was equivalent to MYR1.0697. When Ganesan obtained
his judgment on 27 July 2010, the exchange rate was around S$1.00 to MYR2.3408
and on 27 September 2012 it was around S$1.00 to MYR$2.500. However it will be
a misfortune for society on both sides of the Causeway if this laudable scheme
unravels due to such financial reasons.

Decision and Declaration

60 For the reasons set out above, I grant the declaration sought by MIB in OS
580. I declare that on a true and proper construction of the Agreement dated
22 February 1975 between the Honourable Minister of Finance and MIB (referred
to herein as the Principal Agreement), the MOA dated 22 February 1975 between
MIB and its members (referred to herein as the Domestic Agreement), the
Agreement dated 15 September 1975 between MIB and P&O Insurance (referred to
herein as the Special Agreement), and the terms of P&O Insurance’s policy of
motor insurance:

(i) if a driver of a Malaysian registered motor vehicle insured by P&O
Insurance is involved in an accident in Singapore, personal injury is caused
to a passenger of the said vehicle, liability for such personal injury being
excluded or not covered by the terms of P&O Insurance’s policy of motor
insurance, and judgment is obtained in Singapore by the said passenger against
the said driver but such judgment is not satisfied in full within 28 days, and
all other pre-conditions to liability under clause 3 of the Principal
Agreement being either satisfied or inapplicable as the case may be, then P&O
Insurance is obliged to satisfy the said judgment obtained by the said
passenger to the extent that it remains unsatisfied; and

(ii) if MIB is to satisfy the said judgment obtained by that passenger, to the
extent that it remains unsatisfied in the situation referred to above, MIB is
entitled to recover this amount from P&O Insurance which shall indemnify MIB
for all amounts, costs and/or interest paid by MIB in connection with the
judgment.

The application by P&O Insurance in OS 808 is therefore dismissed.

61 Costs will follow the event. MIB is entitled to its costs in OS 580 and OS
808 with due regard for the overlap.

* * *

[note: 1]Affidavit of Chew Loy Kiat at p58

[note: 2]_Ibid_ at p13

[note: 3]See
http://fxtop.com/en/historates.php?A=1&C1=MYR&C2=SGD&DD1=15&MM1=09&YYYY1=1975&B=1&P=&I=1&DD2=26&MM2=09&YYYY2=2012&btnOK=Go%21
accessed on 27 Sep 2012.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

