Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd _v_ Wong Hua Choon  
[2012] SGHC 25

Case Number| :| Suit No 63 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Steven Chong J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edwin Tong, William Ong, Joseph Tay and Ling Liwei (Allen
& Gledhill LLP) for the Plaintiff; Chew Kei-Jin, Chen Yixin Edith, Teo Jun Wei
Andre and Winston Yien (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the Defendant.  
Parties| :|  OCBC Capital Investment Asia Ltd — Wong Hua Choon  
  
3 February 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Steven Chong J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns the classic issue as to whether parties to an oral
agreement had intended to be bound only upon formal execution of a written
agreement. In determining this issue, it is not necessarily decisive to
establish that the parties had _orally_ agreed to the terms of an intended
agreement since written agreements are typically preceded by oral agreements
on the terms between the parties. Ultimately that issue must be determined by
reference to the objective evidence before the court. In this process, the
court will attach significance and weight to the parties’ expressed intention
on the requirement for the execution of a written agreement. When such an
intention is manifested in the contemporaneous documentary evidence, does an
inference necessarily arise that the parties had agreed to defer legal
relations until the formal execution of a written contract and if so, which
party has the burden to displace such an inference?

2 The present dispute concerns a bank that sought to provide support and
assistance to a valued customer during the recent financial crisis. In so
doing, the bank was understandably also motivated to advance its own financial
interest. In this case, the parties had expressly stated that “[a]
Supplemental Agreement [is] to be executed to effect necessary changes”
following a meeting where the parties essentially agreed on the terms of the
agreement. The preparation of the written agreement was left to the bank. The
signing of the written agreement was however time-sensitive in that there was
an expiring time limit during which the bank could exercise certain rights of
sale. The written agreement was only finalised between the bank and its
lawyers on the “eve” of the expiry of the time limit. All reasonable attempts
by the bank to contact the customer to sign the written agreement proved to be
futile. The bank claimed that the customer was deliberately avoiding its calls
to take advantage of the expiring time limit and indeed the time limit
eventually expired without the customer signing the written agreement. The
question before me is whether the customer was entitled to take advantage of
the situation even if he was somewhat “morally reprehensible” in his conduct.
He would be entitled to do so if there was in fact no binding oral agreement.
Unfortunately for the bank, which behaved fairly throughout the entire
episode, I find that the customer is entitled to do so because I am satisfied
from the evidence that the objective intention of the parties, including the
bank, was not to be bound prior to the formal execution of the written
agreement.

Facts

The original agreement

3 The defendant, Wong Hua Choon (“Mr Wong”), is the President and Chief
Executive Officer of Frontken Corporation Berhad (“Frontken”), a company
listed on the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad. The plaintiff,
OCBC Capital Investment Asia Limited (“OCIA”), is an investment vehicle of
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (“OCBC”).

4 In April 2007, Mr Wong and/or Frontken approached OCIA to participate in a
placement exercise in respect of shares in Frontken and on 24 July 2007, OCIA
invested RM14,999,380.00 in the placement exercise. The terms of the
arrangement between OCIA, Mr Wong and Frontken in respect of the placement
exercise were as follows:

(a) OCIA would subscribe to 19,736,000 shares in Frontken at a subscription
price of RM 0.76 per share;

(b) Mr Wong would enter into a Risk Participation Agreement (“RPA”) under
which Mr Wong agreed to personally underwrite the downside risk of any
fluctuation in the value of the shares acquired by OCIA. The relevant terms of
the RPA were as follows:

(i) There would be a moratorium period of six months from the date the shares
were initially listed on the Malaysian Exchange of Securities Dealing and
Automated Quotation (“MESDAQ”) during which OCIA would not be able to sell the
shares.

(ii) After the moratorium, there would be a further period of six months
commencing from the 19th month (_ie_ , on 11 February 2009) and ending on the
24th month (_ie_ , on 10 August 2009) after the listing of the shares on
MESDAQ (“the Risk Participation Period”) during which if the shares are sold
by OCIA (subject to certain conditions and procedures) below a “floor price”,
which was stipulated at 85% of the cost of each Frontken share, Mr Wong would
have to pay the difference between the sale price and the floor price (“Risk
Participation”).

5 There was a subsequent bonus issue of 7,894,400 shares to OCIA, such that
OCIA was allotted a total of 27,630,400 shares in Frontken at an average cost
of about RM 0.54 per share. All these shares were subject to the terms of the
RPA. The floor price was rounded up to RM 0.47, in accordance with the
definition of “floor price” provided in the RPA. In the meantime, Frontken
shares were also migrated from the MESDAQ to the Main Board of Bursa Malaysia.

OCIA’s intention to divest

6 In 2008, the onset of the global financial crisis caused the share price of
Frontken to plummet below the floor price. In February 2009, OCIA decided to
exit from its investment in Frontken, and this intention was expressly
communicated to Mr Wong by two officers of OCIA, namely Vincent Ng Fook Cheong
(“Vincent”) and Goh Chong Jin (“Mr Goh”).

7 At this point of time, should OCIA exit from its investment, it would suffer
a minimum loss of 15% of its investment in Frontken, being the difference
between its cost and the floor price of each Frontken share, _assuming_ that
OCIA could sell all its shares and that Mr Wong would be able to meet his
liabilities under the RPA. The loss would be greater if Mr Wong did not have
adequate liquidity to meet his liabilities under the RPA. On the other hand,
Mr Wong faced a potential liability of about RM7 million to OCIA, being the
difference between the sale price and the floor price of OCIA’s Frontken
shares should OCIA sell its entire shareholding on the open market. In
addition, an open market sale of OCIA’s 4% shareholding in Frontken would
likely further depress the share price of Frontken and thus adversely affect
the paper value of Mr Wong’s 20% shareholding in Frontken. As such, both
parties embarked upon discussions in order to find a mutually beneficial exit
option for OCIA. At this point, OCIA’s representatives were introduced to
Nicholas Ng Wai Pin (“Nicholas”) as Mr Wong’s assistant and aide. Nicholas is
legally trained and was, at all material times, an independent director of
Frontken.

8 On 16 March 2009 (some five months prior to the expiry of the Risk
Participation Period), Mr Wong requested OCIA for time to raise sufficient
funds to purchase OCIA’s Frontken shares. Mr Wong indicated that he would have
some of the funds required immediately and the remainder in a few months’
time. He proposed to make progressive purchases which were to commence
immediately. Subsequently, on 19 March 2009, Mr Wong communicated to Vincent
at a meeting that he had difficulty raising the funds to purchase OCIA’s
entire shareholding in Frontken. Vincent suggested that there could be
alternative solutions available, but emphasised that OCIA could proceed to
sell the shares on the open market “as early as [in] a couple of weeks” if
there was no firm proposal from Mr Wong.

9 During a follow-up meeting on 25 March 2009, Mr Goh put forward a proposal
whereby Mr Wong would purchase part of OCIA’s Frontken shares and the Risk
Participation Period in respect of its remaining shares would be extended. Mr
Goh’s minutes of the meeting indicated that Mr Wong had appeared “receptive”
at this meeting, as well as at a subsequent meeting on 9 April 2009.
Thereafter, negotiations between the parties were centred upon this proposal.
In the meantime, from the instructions given by OCIA to the brokers of OCBC
Bank on 6 April 2009, it was evident that OCIA had completed its internal
preparations to sell its shareholding on the open market at a moment’s notice.

The 23 June 2009 meeting

10 Substantive negotiations involving Mr Goh, Mr Wong and Nicholas between 14
April 2009 and 10 June 2009 culminated in a firm proposal from OCIA, the
essence of which obliged Mr Wong to:

(a)

purchase 3,703,704 Frontken shares at RM 0.54 per share;

(b)

agree to a new Risk Participation Period commencing 1 July 2010 with no expiry
date as long as OCIA held its Frontken shares; and

(c)

pledge such number of Frontken shares as would be required to secure Mr Wong’s
liabilities to OCIA under the terms of the proposal.

11 Seven points in relation to the proposal were raised by Mr Wong and/or by
Nicholas on the behalf of Mr Wong:

(a) The imposition of a “moratorium period”, during which OCIA could not claim
for Risk Participation should it sell its Frontken shares.

(b) The inclusion of a term that Risk Participation should not be claimable in
respect of the last 15% of OCIA’s Frontken shares.

(c) The quantity of Frontken shares to be pledged by Mr Wong as security.

(d) The issue of whether the share pledge should only be given after the
moratorium period.

(e) The inclusion of a term requiring OCIA to forfeit a compensation sum,
which was payable by Mr Wong in relation to the share sale from OCIA to Mr
Wong, if there was a breach of the moratorium period.

(f) The inclusion of a term for Mr Wong’s right to purchase OCIA’s remaining
Frontken shares.

(g) The issue of the amount of fees for the new arrangement that would be
payable by Mr Wong to OCIA.

12 On 16 June 2009, Mr Chua Choon Kiang (“Mr Chua”), the Vice-President of the
Mezzanine Capital Unit of OCBC, began to be directly involved in the
negotiations and requested for a meeting with Mr Wong to obtain an _in-
principle agreement_ by 22 June 2009, stressing the urgency of the situation
as the window for OCIA to exit within the existing Risk Participation Period
was getting smaller. A meeting was scheduled for 23 June 2009 (“the 23 June
2009 meeting”), and on 17 June 2009, Mr Chua circulated a summary of the terms
and conditions titled “Summary of Indicative Principal Terms and Conditions”
dated 16 June 2009 (“the Term Sheet”). The covering email stated that the Term
Sheet is attached in the hope that both parties “would be able to finalise on
[23 June 2009] and start the documentation immediately after that”.

13 The key provisions of the Term Sheet were as follows:

(a) Risk Participation Period: “In force immediately following Restricted
Period (1 July 2010) for as long as [OCIA] continues to hold its Frontken
shares”.

(b) Restricted Period (or moratorium period): “1 July 2009 to 30 June 2010.
Risk Participation does not apply during this period; Compensation Sum will
also not apply to the balance Sale Shares if [OCIA] sells any shares below [RM
0.47] during this period”.

(c) Sale of Shares to Mr Wong (“Sale Shares”):

(i) Sale of 3,703,704 shares in five tranches at Market Price, _ie_ , the
closing price quoted by Bursa Malaysia for the trading day immediately
preceding the date of the sale of shares.

(ii) Mr Wong “shall compensate difference between Market Price and [RM 0.54]”
(_ie_ , “the Compensation Sum”).

(iii) OCIA “may sell balance Frontken shares at anytime [sic] but if any
shares are sold below [RM 0.47] during Restricted Period, [OCIA] must forgo
balance Compensation Sum for subsequent tranches of the Sale Shares”.

(d) Security: Mr Wong has to pledge Frontken shares upon signing of this
agreement. Mr Wong “shall undertake to maintain the [Loan-to-Value ratio
(“LTV”)] to be not more than 1. Should the LTV be more than 1, [Mr Wong] is
required to top up by pledging additional Security so that the [LTV]
immediately after topping up is not more than 0.9”.

(e) Shareholder Profit Sharing: Mr Wong would be entitled to profit-sharing,
should OCIA make any profit from any eventual disposal of its Frontken shares,
according to the formula “(Total Net Proceeds from sale of all Investor shares
– RM 15M) x 25%”.

(f) Right of first refusal: Mr Wong shall have a right of first refusal to
purchase OCIA’s remaining Frontken shares, whereby “the [s]elling price shall
be at least 87.5% the previous day’s closing price”.

(g) Fees: Waived by OCIA.

(h) Documentation: “A Supplemental Agreement to be executed to effect
necessary changes.”

14 As such, each of the seven points raised by Mr Wong (see [11]) was
addressed in the Term Sheet.

15 The 23 June 2009 meeting was held in Singapore, and was attended by Mr
Chua, Mr Wong and Nicholas, with Mr Goh participating (and Vincent listening
in) _via_ dialling in from Malaysia. There is no dispute that the parties
agreed to follow through with the preparation of the formal legal
documentation based on the Term Sheet, and Mr Wong, during his cross-
examination, conceded that the parties were indeed in agreement with respect
to the terms in the Term Sheet. In addition, Mr Wong agreed to bear all legal
fees in connection with the preparation of the formal legal documentation,
subject to agreement on the quantum of the fees.

Events after the 23 June 2009 meeting

16 On the next day, _ie_ , 24 June 2009, Mr Goh forwarded to Mr Wong and
Nicholas a list of the panel of lawyers that OCIA would be agreeable to
appoint to prepare the formal documentation. After some exchange of
correspondence between Nicholas and Mr Goh as well as Mr Chua during which Mr
Wong (as represented by Nicholas) tried to minimise the legal cost for
preparing the documentation, Mr Wong finally gave his concurrence on 8 July
2009 to the appointment of Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia) to prepare the
Supplemental Agreement with OCBC’s internal legal department drafting the Sale
and Purchase Agreement as well as the Memorandum of Deposit. From then till
the time when the documentation was sent to Mr Wong, there was no
communication or any meeting between the parties.

17 The formal legal documentation was eventually completed and sent to Mr Wong
for execution on 6 August 2009, just four days before the expiry of the Risk
Participation Period with three days spanning over a long weekend. Despite
persistent attempts by Mr Chua and Mr Goh to contact Mr Wong, they were not
able to reach him. Mr Wong only responded by email on 11 August 2009, the day
after the expiry of the Risk Participation Period, in the following terms:

Dear [Mr Chua],

I’ve been away since last week to take advantage of the long weekend in
Singapore.

If you recall during our meeting in your office there were _still some
unresolved issues_ on the proposed variation to the RPA. These were _supposed
to be dealt with in the supplemental agreement_ which I noticed have just been
sent to me.

_I will forward to my lawyers the various documents you sent me for their
review and comments._ I’ll come back to you as soon as I hear back from them.

[emphasis added]

18 From then until 28 August 2009, OCIA’s representatives repeatedly sought an
update from Mr Wong and requested that he sign a “Letter of Extension” in
order to extend the Risk Participation Period pending the execution of the
Supplemental Agreement, but to no avail. Eventually a meeting with Mr Wong was
arranged on 28 August 2009 wherein Mr Chua brought the formal documentation
for Mr Wong to sign. Mr Wong declined stating that he was not obliged to do so
as the Risk Participation Period had expired.

19 A new “restructuring” proposal was then floated for OCIA to extend a loan
to Frontken to purchase OCIA’s Frontken shares. However, negotiations on this
proposal came to a stalemate, and OCIA subsequently initiated the present
action against Mr Wong. Its cause of action was principally premised on an
alleged oral agreement on the terms of the Term Sheet reached at the 23 June
2009 meeting.

Issues

20 At the close of the trial, I invited the parties to address the following
broad issues:

(a) On the contractual issue,

(i) Where the parties contemplate the signing of a written contract, whether
that precludes the existence of a binding oral contract;

(ii) Whether the conduct of the parties after the 23 June 2009 meeting was
consistent with the existence of a binding oral contract.

(b) On the estoppel issue,

(i) What was the relevant conduct, if any, giving rise to the common
assumption that a binding oral contract had been reached;

(ii) What is the relevance of Mr Wong’s conduct after the receipt of the draft
Supplemental Agreement on 6 August 2009 and after the expiry of the Risk
Participation Period on 10 August 2009?

Whether contemplation of a written contract precludes the existence of a
binding oral contract

21 Contemplation of a written contract _per se_ does not preclude the
existence of a binding oral contract. That is ultimately a matter of
construction of the documentary evidence as well as the interpretation of the
objective intention of the parties. It was previously thought that the
addition of the phrase “subject to contract” is conclusive of the parties’
intention not to be bound until a contract is signed. See _United Artists
Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd and another_ v _Parkway Properties Pte Ltd and
another_ [2003] 1 SLR(R) 791 at [57]. That view was recently revisited in
_Norwest Holdings Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Newport Mining Ltd and another
appeal_ [2011] 4 SLR 617 (“ _Norwes_ t”) at [24] where the Court of Appeal
observed that:

… the **_better view_****is that the question**** _whether there is a binding
contract between the parties should be determined by considering all the
circumstances, not just the inclusion of the stock phrase ‘subject to
contract’ (on the basis that the substance of the situation must always
prevail). These would include what was communicated between the parties by
words or conduct_**. In this regard, we are in agreement with the recent
decision of the UK Supreme Court in _RTS Flexible Systems Ltd v Molkerei_
_Alois Muller GmbH & Co KG (UK Production)_ [2010] 1 WLR 753 in which it was
held that (at [56]):

Whether in such a case [_ie_ , concerning an agreement that is ‘subject to
contract’] the parties agreed to enter into a binding contract, waiving
reliance on the ‘subject to [written] contract’ term or understanding will
again _depend upon all the circumstances of the case_ , although the cases
show that the court _will not lightly so hold_ …

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

22 In deciding whether a binding oral contract was concluded at the 23 June
2009 meeting, it behoves me to consider all the circumstances of the case
including the question of whether parties had expressed any intention that
their discussions and/or oral agreement were “subject to contract”. In this
case, the Term Sheet specifically provided for “[a] Supplemental Agreement to
be executed to effect necessary changes”.

Burden of proof

23 The immediate question that arises for determination is whether such a
provision is tantamount to “subject to contract”. This inquiry is significant
because if the Term Sheet was indeed “subject to contract”, “very strong and
exceptional context” must be demonstrated by OCIA to displace the _prima
facie_ meaning of the parties’ intention not to be bound prior to the
execution of the Supplemental Agreement. See _Norwest_ at [29]–[31].

24 This proposition appears to be well entrenched in case law. In _Thomson
Plaza (Pte) Ltd v Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Singapore Pte Ltd (in
liquidation)_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 483, Selvam J cited with approval the
observations of Gill J in _Low Kar_ _Yit v Mohamed Isa_[1963] MLJ 165 (“ _Low
Kar_ _Yit_ ”) at 173:

The authorities would appear to support the view that even where there is
nothing in the agreement to suggest that the parties contemplate that the
subsequent contract shall contain any new or different terms, nevertheless if
it appears that the parties do not intend to bind themselves contractually by
the agreement but only by the subsequent contract if and when they should
enter into it, there will be no contract. Moreover, _if the reference to the
execution of the subsequent contract is in words which according to their
natural construction import a condition, this will almost invariably be
conclusive that the agreement itself was not intended to be a contract..._
Perhaps I should add that the plaintiffs in this case are asking the court to
order the defendants to execute the draft agreement agreed upon, which amounts
in effect to asking the court to enforce an agreement to enter into an
agreement. That is an order which the court clearly has no power to make in
the circumstances of the case.

[emphasis added]

25 Similarly, the Court of Appeal in New Zealand in _Concorde Enterprises v
Anthony Motors_ _(Hutt) Ltd_ [1981] 2 NZLR 385 (“ _Concorde_ ”) held that the
negotiations in that case had been conducted partly between the parties'
solicitors and partly between the parties themselves with a view to the
production of a commercial agreement of some complexity to be executed by all
parties. As such, the New Zealand Court of Appeal concluded that the _normal
inference_ is that the parties do not intend to be bound until the written
agreement is executed. Cooke J stated at 389:

_Unless that inference is displaced the result is that_ ,_even though all the
terms to be included in the document have been agreed, there is no contract_
and each party has a locus poenitentiae until at least execution on both
sides. It may be that exchange or delivery of executed documents is also
necessary, but that need not now be decided. Cases can arise where, without
execution of a document on one side or both, the parties act on it, so that an
implied contract arises. _Brogden v Metropolitan Railway Co_ (1877) 2 App Cas
666 is a leading illustration…

[emphasis added]

26 Similar views were expressed by the English Court of Appeal in _Cheverny
Consulting Ltd v Whitehead Mann Ltd_ [2007] 1 All ER (Comm) 124 (“ _Cheverny_
”) at [45]:

Obviously each case depends on its own facts but in my view where, as here,
solicitors are involved on both sides, formal written agreements are to be
produced and arrangements made for their execution _the normal inference will
be that the parties are not bound unless and until both of them sign the
agreement…_

[emphasis added]

27 In his Oral Closing Submissions, faced with the force of the authorities,
counsel for OCIA, Mr Edwin Tong (“Mr Tong”) accepted that if the oral contract
was “subject to contract”, the burden is indeed on OCIA to demonstrate that
the parties intended for legal relations to be immediately binding following
the 23 June 2009 meeting. To do so, OCIA must show “very strong and
exceptional context” to displace the normal or _prima facie_ inference. This
is so even if all the terms have already been agreed. See _Norwest_ at [29],
_Low Kar_ _Yit_ at 173, _Concorde_ at 389 and _Ground & Sharp Precision
Engineering Pte Ltd_ v _Midview Realty Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 160 at [18]. If
there was no agreement on the terms, there will be no necessity to consider
the _further_ question whether parties had intended to be bound immediately or
to defer legal relations until the formal execution of the written contract.

Subject to contract

28 It is, however, important to recognise that whether an agreement is
“subject to contract” is a matter of substance and not form. When it is not
expressly stated to be “subject to contract”, it is a question of construction
whether the parties intended that the terms agreed upon should merely be put
into form or to be subject to an agreement to the terms of which are not
expressed in detail. This was so stated in _Cheverny_ :

… it is not essential that there should have been an express stipulation that
the negotiations are to be ‘subject to contract’. As Jessel MR pointed out in
relation to negotiations conducted through correspondence in _Winn v Bull_
(1877–78) LR 7 Ch.29 , 32:

“When it is not expressly stated to be subject to a formal contract it becomes
a question of construction, whether the parties intended that the terms agreed
on should merely be put into form, or whether they should be subject to a new
agreement the terms of which are not expressed in detail.”

29 It follows that the mere fact that the parties did not expressly use the
phrase “subject to contract” in either the discussions or the documents does
not necessarily preclude it from being construed as such. In _Thomson Plaza_ ,
the court was concerned with a grant of a new tenancy which stipulated that
“[t]he tenancy shall be subject to all the terms and conditions as contained
in the specimen Lease Agreement. On or before commencement of the tenancy, a
formal Lease of the same form as the specimen Lease Agreement shall be
executed between you and the Landlord”. Although the phrase “subject to
contract” was not specifically used, the court nonetheless applied the
principles governing “subject to contract” cases. Selvam J at [28] held that:

Parties who contract on the basis of ‘subject to contract’ do so because they
want an escape route in case they wish to call the transaction off. They do
not consider it a wrong way of business. It is a last-chance escape route in
case they find it impossible or undesirable to fulfil the contract.

Similarly, in _Concorde_ , the agreement involved was held to be “subject to
contract” although there was no express use of the phrase “subject to
contract” – parties’ solicitors, in their correspondences leading up to an
agreement on terms, merely expressed their intention for the subsequent
execution of formal documentation.

30 Where there is an _express stipulation_ that an agreement is to be embodied
in a formal written document, as in the instant case, its effect will depend
on its _purpose_ : _Von Hatzfeldt-Wildenburg v Alexander_ [1912] 1 Ch 284 (“
_Von Hatzfeldt_ ”), at 288–289.

It appears to be well settled by the authorities that if the documents or
letters relied on as constituting a contract contemplate the execution of a
further contract between the parties, _it is a question of construction
whether the execution of the further contract is a condition or term of the
bargain or whether it is a mere expression of the desire of the parties as to
the manner in which the transaction already agreed to will in fact go
through_. In the former case there is no enforceable contract either because
the condition is unfulfilled or because the law does not recognize a contract
to enter into a contract. In the latter case there is a binding contract and
the reference to the more formal document may be ignored. _The fact that the
reference to the more formal document is in words which according to their
natural construction import a condition is generally if not invariably
conclusive against the reference being treated as the expression of a mere
desire…_

[emphasis added]

31 _Chitty on Contracts_ (H G Beale gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 30th Ed, 2008)
Vol 1 (“ _Chitty_ ”), para 2-116 lists three possible interpretations where
there is an _express stipulation_ that an agreement is to be embodied in a
formal written document:

(a) The agreement is regarded by the parties as incomplete, or as not intended
to be legally binding, until the terms of the formal document are agreed and
the document is duly executed in accordance with the terms of the preliminary
agreement (_eg_ , by signature). Example: Agreements for the sale of land by
private treaty are usually made “subject to contract” – such agreements are
normally regarded as incomplete until the terms of a formal contract have been
settled and approved by the parties: _Chitty_ , para 2-118; _Winn v Bull_
(1877) 7 Ch D 29.

(b) Where a document is only intended as a solemn record of an already
complete and binding agreement.

(c) Where the main agreement lacks contractual force for want of execution of
the formal document but that nevertheless a separate preliminary contract
comes into existence at an earlier stage, _eg_ , when one party begins to
render services requested by the other, so that under this contract, the
former party will be entitled to a reasonable remuneration for those services.
Conversely, an agreement that originally lacked contractual force for want of
execution of a formal document may acquire such force by reason of supervening
events. This could, for example, be the position where “it can be objectively
ascertained that the continuing intention [sc. not to be bound until execution
of the document] of the parties changed or … subsequent events have occurred
whereby the non-executing party is estopped from relying on his non-
execution”. See _Cheverny_ at [46].

The third category is relevant to the issue of estoppel by convention which
will be separately dealt with below. The issue for now is whether the present
case falls into the first or second category.

32 The Australian courts have expanded the various factual scenarios which can
possibly arise in connection with the requirement of a formal contract. The
High Court of Australia in _Masters v_ _Cameron_ 91 CLR 353 at 360 referred to
three situations excluding estoppel:

Where parties who have been in negotiation reach agreement upon terms of a
contractual nature and also agree that the matter of their negotiation shall
be dealt with by a formal contract, the case may belong to any of three cases.
It may be one in which the parties have reached finality in arranging all the
terms of their bargain and intend to be immediately bound to the performance
of those terms, but at the same time propose to have the terms restated in a
form which will be fuller or more precise but not different in effect. Or,
secondly, it may be a case in which the parties have completely agreed upon
all the terms of their bargain and intend no departure from or addition to
that which their agreed terms express or imply, but nevertheless have made
performance of one or more of the terms conditional upon the execution of a
formal document. Or, thirdly, the case may be one in which the intention of
the parties is not to make a concluded bargain at all, unless and until they
execute a formal contract.

In each of the first two cases there is a binding contract: in the first case
a contract binding the parties at once to perform the agreed terms whether the
contemplated formal document comes into existence or not, and to join (if they
have so agreed) in settling and executing the formal document; and in the
second case a contract binding the parties to join in bringing the formal
contract into existence and then to carry it into execution. Of these two
cases the first is the more common…

33 A fourth permutation was postulated by the Supreme Court of New South Wales
in _Ciavarella_ _v Polimeni_ 2008 NSWSC 234 at [97]:

… where the parties were content to be bound immediately and exclusively on
the terms which they had agreed upon whilst expecting to make a new contract
in substitution for their first contract, containing, by consent, additional
terms.

34 The fourth scenario clearly has no relevance here. The critical inquiry in
resolving the applicable scenario is to determine from the objective evidence
whether the parties intended to be _immediately bound_ to perform on the
agreed terms or to defer legal relations until formal execution of the written
contract. Immediacy of performance is the key consideration.

35 Counsel for Mr Wong, Mr Chew Kei-Jin (“Mr Chew”) asserted that on its face,
the Term Sheet clearly requires the Supplemental Agreement to be executed in
order to give effect to the changes. In my view, such a provision has the same
effect as “subject to contract”. This is no different in substance from the
clause in _Thomson Plaza_ which likewise required the lease to be signed in
order to give effect to the tenancy which was already agreed to be in the same
form as the specimen lease. Even if I am left in any doubt about the
construction of the provision, the conduct of the parties can and should be
examined to determine the parties’ intention and purpose in inserting that
provision in the Term Sheet. In this regard, the conduct of the parties, in
particular OCIA (as described in detail in [56]–[84] below), was entirely
consistent with its own understanding that legal relations were deferred until
execution of the Supplemental Agreement.

36 _Cheverny_ provides some guidelines for determining when a particular case
falls into any of the scenarios. At [42], it was stated:

… With exceptions immaterial to this case, it is possible to make a contract
orally. _But the more complicated the subject matter the more likely the
parties are to want to enshrine their contract in some written document to be
prepared by their solicitors._ This enables them to review all the terms
before being committed to any of them. The commonest way of achieving this
ability is to stipulate that the negotiations are ‘subject to contract’…

[emphasis added]

37 As noted earlier, both parties were not separately represented in the
drafting or preparation of the Supplemental Agreement. Instead, a common set
of solicitors was employed. Both parties had clearly agreed that formal
written agreements were to be prepared _“to effect necessary changes”_ and
arrangements were made for their execution. Further, this case also involves a
commercial transaction of some complexity and of a considerably large value.
This is especially compelling in the present case because the Supplemental
Agreement seeks to amend an existing written agreement, _ie_ , the RPA.

38 OCIA advanced several points in its attempt to persuade me that there is no
relevant “subject to contract” issue in the case before me. From the
evidential perspective, Mr Tong submitted that there was no mention whatsoever
during the 23 June 2009 meeting that the agreement was “subject to contract”.
This is strictly correct but the point is neither here nor there especially
since the requirement for a signed Supplemental Agreement was expressly stated
in the Term Sheet. From the pleading point of view, Mr Tong raised (for the
first time) in his Supplemental Closing Submissions that Mr Wong did not
specifically plead that the Term Sheet was “subject to contract”. This is
strictly incorrect as Mr Wong did plead in para 18 of the Defence (Amendment
No 3) that the agreement was subject to “a formal written contract being
signed” as envisaged by the Term Sheet.

39 Insofar as his submissions on the law, Mr Tong relied on a number of
authorities in support of the proposition that “unless parties are found to
have clearly agreed that no legal relations are to be had without a further
step, the Courts can find that the parties are immediately bound even if they
do contemplate a formal agreement in writing”. The holdings by Lord Blackburn
and Lord Gordon in _Rossiter v Miller_ (1877–78) LR 3 App Cas 1124 (“
_Rossiter_ ”) are cited in support of OCIA’s argument. Lord Blackburn stated,
at 1151:

I quite agree with the Lords Justices that (wholly independent of the Statute
of Frauds) _it is a necessary part of the Plaintiff's case to shew that the
two parties had come to a_** _final_** _and complete agreement, for, if not,
there was no contract_. So long as they are only in negotiation either party
may retract; and though the parties may have agreed on all the cardinal points
of the intended contract, yet, if some particulars essential to the agreement
still remain to be settled afterwards, there is no contract. The parties, in
such a case, are still only in negotiation. But the mere fact that the parties
have expressly stipulated that there shall afterwards be a formal agreement
prepared, embodying the terms, which shall be signed by the parties _does not,
by itself_ , shew that they continue merely in negotiation. It is a matter to
be taken into account in construing the evidence and determining whether the
parties have really come to a final agreement or not _._ But as soon as the
fact is established of the final mutual assent of the parties so that those
who draw up the formal agreement have not the power to vary the terms already
settled, I think the contract is completed.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

Lord Blackburn’s holding merely reinforced the fundamental principle that the
burden falls upon the party asserting the existence of a contract to show that
the parties had come to “a _final_ and complete agreement” and the mere fact
that parties have expressly stipulated that a formal agreement is required to
be executed “ _does not_ ,_of itself_ ” show that the parties are still in
negotiations.

40 Lord Gordon stated, at 1154:

I concur with your Lordships in thinking that the judgment come to by the
Lords Justices of Appeal is erroneous. I think that the correspondence founded
on, constituted a completed contract for the purchase and sale of the lots in
question, at the price stipulated, and on the conditions specified in the
conditions and stipulations printed on the plan. **_No doubt these conditions
provided for a subsequent and formal deed being executed by the parties; but
that deed was only for the purpose of more formally setting forth the
conditions upon which the parties had agreed._** If there was anything
introduced into the proposed deed, which the purchaser considered beyond the
terms and conditions on which he purchased the property, he would have been
entitled to object, and, if necessary, the proper terms of the deed could have
been adjusted at the sight of a Court of Law. But in my view _the contract_
between the parties **_was concluded by the correspondence and the conditions
which were referred to and embodied in it_** …

[original emphasis in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

Similarly, Lord Gordon’s decision was based on a finding that the agreement
was already _concluded_ prior to formal execution. It is important to bear in
mind that _Rossiter_ did not actually concern a “subject to contract” issue in
the first place. The conditions of the offer to sell the property expressly
stipulated: “Each purchaser will be required to sign a contract embodying the
foregoing conditions”. Lord Cairns who delivered the main judgment had this to
say about the import of that condition in the context of the correspondence
exchanged between the parties:

I assume that the construction put by him upon the letter I have quoted was a
proper construction, and I entirely acquiesce in what he says, that if you
find, not an unqualified acceptance of a contract, but an acceptance subject
to the condition that an agreement is to be prepared and agreed upon between
the parties, and until that condition is fulfilled no contract is to arise,
then undoubtedly you cannot, upon a correspondence of that kind, find a
concluded contract _. But, I repeat, it appears to me that in the present case
there is nothing of that kind; there is a clear offer and a clear
acceptance.__There is no condition whatever suspending the operation of that
acceptance until a contract of a more formal kind has been made._

[emphasis added]

41 The House of Lords found that everything essential to the completion of the
agreement had appeared in the written correspondence exchanged between the
parties. An offer was made by the purchaser which was accepted by the vendors.
The purchaser was then under the impression that the vendors were making a
fresh condition in their purported acceptance; the vendors answered that they
were not, and again accepted the same offer. The purchaser’s solicitors wrote
to the vendors: “We shall advise [our client] that what has occurred creates,
as you maintain, a contract mutually binding”.

42 Next, Mr Tong relies on the Privy Council’s decision in _Elias v George
Sahely & Co (Barbados)_ [1983] 1 AC 646 (“ _Elias_ ”). In that case, the
plaintiff and the defendant made an oral agreement for the sale of premises to
the plaintiff. On the same day, the plaintiff's solicitor wrote to the
defendant's solicitor confirming the oral agreement and setting out its terms.
He enclosed a cheque for 10 percent of the agreed price describing it as a
deposit which he directed should be held by the defendant's solicitor as
stakeholder pending completion of the contract of sale. The defendant's
solicitor signed and sent a receipt which stated that he had received the
money as deposit for the property _“agreed to be sold”_ by the defendant to
the plaintiff. This case is of no assistance in the present dispute as there
was no express stipulation requiring the execution of a written contract. The
principal issue before the Privy Council was whether the letter enclosing the
deposit together with the receipt for the deposit constituted sufficient
memorandum for the purposes of the Statute of Frauds given that no written
contract was signed by the parties. This issue does not arise here.

43 In _PRA Electrical Pty Ltd v Perseverance Exploration Pty Ltd_ and Anor
[2007] VSCA 310 (“ _PRA_ ”), another case cited by Mr Tong, the parties
negotiated a detailed agreement over a six-week period, and it was an
agreement of considerable commercial import following a tender. The
negotiations led to a written award of the contract setting out the terms and
conditions which was accepted in writing by the contractor. It was, however, a
term of the award that the contract did not come into effect until the formal
execution of an instrument of agreement. However, without waiting for the
execution of the formal agreement, the contractor in fact entered upon the
works programme contracted for, and the employer facilitated it doing so. The
contractor also furnished the bank guarantee in accordance with the award
which was also accepted by the employer. Further, the contractor commenced
work at the site and in the course of the works and even after the contractor
was ejected from the site, both parties repeatedly referred to and relied upon
aspects of the documentation listed in the letter by which the contract was
awarded. In fact, the employer wrote to the contractor stating that it was in
“breach of our contract conditions in regards to the issuing of our Payment
certificate”. The Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Victoria in _PRA_
found under these explicit circumstances that a contract was implied between
the parties in the terms of the award notwithstanding the omission to execute
the instrument of agreement and that the parties had by their conduct waived
the requirement of formal execution. Parties can by their conduct waive
reliance on the “subject to contract” term. See _RTS Flexible Systems Ltd_ _v_
_Molkerei_ _Alois Muller GmbH & Co KG (UK Production)_ [2010] 1 WLR 753 at
[56], cited with approval in _Norwest_ at [24]. No such point was however
pleaded or raised by OCIA. In any event, there is simply no evidence to
support any waiver. As explained in [16] above, nothing happened between the
parties after Mr Wong agreed to the appointment of Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia)
till the time when the documentation was prepared.

44 In each of these three cases (_Rossiter_ , _Elias_ and _PRA_), the
existence of a binding agreement prior to formal execution was based on the
specific facts in each of the cases. These cases do illustrate the basic
point, which is uncontroversial, that parties can reach a binding contract
notwithstanding the requirement for formal execution. That is a function of
the court’s analysis of the objective evidence whether parties had agreed for
legal relations to be immediately binding or whether parties had agreed to
defer legal relations until the formal execution of the written contract.

45 It therefore leaves me now to examine the conduct of the parties prior to,
at and/or subsequent to the 23 June 2009 meeting to determine whether they
were consistent with the existence of an oral contract with immediate binding
effect.

Whether a binding oral contract was concluded

46 I begin by examining OCIA’s case given that it bears the burden to show
“very strong and exceptional context” to displace the _prima facie_ inference
that the parties intended for legal relations to be deferred until the
execution of the Supplemental Agreement. OCIA essentially sought to rely on
two main points in its attempt to displace the _prima facie_ inference.

47 First, OCIA emphasised that prior to the 23 June 2009 meeting, it had
addressed all the issues raised by Mr Wong in the Term Sheet, and that going
into the 23 June 2009 meeting, there were no outstanding points for
negotiation. However, this only goes to show there was an agreement on the
terms and does not go so far as to show that the parties had intended to be
immediately bound by the oral contract following the 23 June 2009 meeting
without the execution of formal documentation, especially since the Term Sheet
itself specifically contemplates the requirement for the signing of the
Supplemental Agreement “ _to effect necessary changes_ ”.

48 Second, OCIA also stressed that Mr Wong was fully aware that OCIA was
looking to exit from its investment in Frontken since February 2009 and was
keen to prevent OCIA from selling the shares on the open market. Thus OCIA
argued that both parties had placed utmost importance on the 23 June 2009
meeting with the objective intention to come out of the meeting with either a
binding deal and then for formal documentation to be prepared, or no deal at
all. There was therefore no contemplation of an agreement “subject to
contract”. OCIA relied on an internal email from Mr Goh to Mr George Lee
(“George”), Head of Investment Banking of OCBC and a member of the OCBC’s
investment committee (“OIC”), dated 18 June 2009 at 6:08pm:

Hi George,

Just to inform that [Mr Wong] will be coming over to OCBC to meet with [Mr]
Chua next Tuesday, 11:30am to finalize the terms of the Risk Participation
extension. Note that OIC meeting is next Tuesday afternoon.

Email below contains contents of OIC slides (cleared by [Mr] Chua) which we
will be sending to OIC tomorrow 9.30am for approval to divest our Frontken
shares and claim Risk Participation Amount _in the event that Willie cannot
agree to our terms_. If Willie agrees, we will seek OIC’s approval for the
terms (to be finalized next Tuesday morning).

Regards,

[Mr Goh]

[emphasis added]

49 However, on a plain reading of this email, it at most goes to show that
OCIA’s intention was to come out of the meeting with _an agreement on the
terms_ , or no deal at all; it does not say that the parties’ intention was to
arrive at an _immediate_ _binding_ agreement at the meeting. In fact, the
statement “[i]f Willie agrees, we will seek OIC’s approval for the terms”
contradicts the intention of a binding agreement to be concluded immediately
at the meeting as it clearly expressed the necessity for OIC’s approval
_after_ the meeting.

50 OCIA also highlighted the fact that there was a consensus on the terms of
the Term Sheet, and that Mr Wong did not raise objections or disagreed with
the same at the 23 June 2009 meeting. Further, there was no expression by any
party at the meeting that the oral contract was “subject to contract”.
However, again, these facts only go to show that there was an agreement on the
terms. The absence of explicit reference by any party at the 23 June 2009
meeting that the agreement was “subject to contract” would not be critical as
the Term Sheet itself referred to the necessity for the execution of formal
documentation.

51 OCIA relied heavily on two email messages from Nicholas after the 23 June
2009 meeting:

(a) In his email dated 24 June 2009, Nicholas questioned the fee estimate for
the preparation of the Supplemental Agreement given “the very concise and good
summary of the _agreed terms_ that [Mr Chua] had prepared [emphasis added]”.

(b) In his email dated 29 June 2009, Nicholas said in the context of the legal
costs for the drafting of the Supplemental Agreement that the fee quote should
not be so high “to just say that [Mr Wong] _agreed_ to buy shares in a company
in which he is already a substantial shareholder [emphasis added]”.

In my view, these two email messages do not take OCIA’s case any further.
First, they were sent in the context of negotiating the legal fees. Secondly,
they merely confirmed that since Mr Wong had agreed to the Term Sheet, the
legal fees for drafting the Supplemental Agreement should not be as high as
that quoted. Thirdly, in the subsequent email messages of 2 and 3 July 2009,
Nicholas repeated his objection to the fee quote since it was a “simple
supplemental agreement” and was based on “the excellent summary” set out in
the Term Sheet. These facts lend support to my finding that the words “agreed
terms” were used to convey Mr Wong’s objection to the fee quote given the
parties’ agreement on the terms. At best, it demonstrates that the parties had
reached an agreement on the terms set out in the Term Sheet. As explained in
[27] above, the fact that parties have reached an agreement on all the terms
does not mean that the phrase “subject to contract”, or its equivalent, should
not be given its ordinary meaning in the absence of “very strong and
exceptional context” to the contrary. This is entirely consistent with OCIA’s
own purpose in calling the 23 June 2009 meeting. In its own records, both
prior and subsequent to the 23 June 2009 meeting, OCIA revealingly described
the agreement as an “in-principle agreement”. In Mr Chua’s email to Nicholas
dated 16 June 2009, Mr Chua expressed the need for the meeting in order for
the parties “to sign-off and [sic] an in-principle agreement”. In OCIA’s
internal memorandum dated 28 July 2009, it was explicitly stated that OCIA had
Mr Wong’s “in-principal [sic] agreement” to extend the Risk Participation
Period and that the documentation process was underway. This was precisely the
agreement that was achieved at the 23 June 2009 meeting, _ie_ , an agreement
on the terms _in_ _principle_ subject to the execution of the Supplemental
Agreement to effect the “necessary changes”. After all, in the covering email
attaching the Term Sheet (see [12] above), the purpose of the 23 June 2009
meeting was to “ _finalise_ _the terms_ ” of the agreement and to commence the
documentation process immediately thereafter. Conspicuously, OCIA did not
describe the agreement as having been _concluded._

52 OCIA also claimed that in reliance of a binding oral contract, it had held
off selling its Frontken shares on the open market after the 23 June 2009
meeting. However, this fact is equivocal as it is equally consistent with
OCIA’s expectation that the parties would eventually sign the Supplemental
Agreement and not because it thought the oral contract was binding. It bears
mention that OCIA likewise did not sell the Frontken shares _before_ the 23
June 2009 meeting even though its right to do so had accrued by 11 February
2009.

53 OCIA also highlighted that from the receipt of the formal documentation
until 28 August 2009, Mr Wong did not expressly renounce the existence of a
concluded oral agreement, and had instead continued to act as if it was merely
a matter of time before he would execute the formal documents, after his
lawyers had verified them. Further, OCIA also relied on Mr Wong’s deceitful
and opportunistic conduct in his dealings with OCIA after receipt of the
formal documentation. Mr Wong deliberately avoided calls from OCIA from 6
August to 11 August 2009 and admittedly lied that he had forwarded the
documentation to his solicitors for review. However, these facts at most go to
show that Mr Wong had acted in a morally reprehensible manner, and do not
establish that a binding oral contract was reached at the 23 June 2009
meeting. The fact that Mr Wong waited till 11 August 2009 (the day after the
expiry of the Risk Participation Period) to respond to OCIA is equally
consistent with his understanding that he had no liability for Risk
Participation after 10 August 2009 and hence there was no binding oral
contract.

54 It should be noted that OCIA had over six weeks from the 23 June 2009
meeting to the expiry of the Risk Participation Period on 10 August 2009 to
prepare the Supplemental Agreement. Although Mr Wong did contribute to some
initial delay in the appointment of solicitors, Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia) was
eventually appointed on 8 July 2009, which was still over a month before the
expiry date. By only sending the documents to Mr Wong on 6 August 2009, just
four days prior to the expiry date with three out of those four days spanning
over a long weekend, OCIA took the risk that Mr Wong might not sign the
Supplemental Agreement prior to the expiry of the Risk Participation Period.
Had OCIA acted more efficiently and promptly in forwarding the formal
documentation to Mr Wong for his execution, it would have had sufficient time
to react and to arrange for an open market sale of the shares should Mr Wong
decline to sign it. In fact, this was the evidence of Mr Chua – if Mr Wong had
declined to sign soon after the 23 June 2009 meeting, OCIA would have sold its
Frontken shares on the open market. Having taken the risks of (a) sending the
documents late in the day and (b) hoping that Mr Wong would execute the
documents within the short time-frame on or before 10 August 2009, OCIA,
regrettably, only has itself to blame when Mr Wong took advantage to wait out
the expiry of the Risk Participation Period. In the words of Mr Tong during
the Oral Closing Submissions, “ _along the way the ball was dropped on getting
the thing done_ ”.

55 Mr Wong’s behaviour in _refusing or failing t_ o respond between 6 and 10
August 2009 and in misleading OCIA into believing that his lawyers were
reviewing the formal documentation might have been morally reprehensible but
as stated by Gill J in _Low Kar_ _Yit_ , that is not a relevant consideration:

In the result I have reluctantly come to the conclusion that there was no
concluded contract between the parties to this action. I say "reluctantly"
because of the conduct of the defendants in breaking off the negotiations when
the terms of the proposed agreement were agreed upon and in capriciously
refusing to sign the agreement. However, in the words of Tomlin J. in
_Lockett v. Norman Wright_ ,  _supra_ , "it is no part of my duty to pronounce
whether or not the conduct of any of the parties concerned in this matter is
open to censure. All I have to do is to determine whether there is or is not a
concluded contract between the plaintiffs and the defendants which the
plaintiffs can enforce"…

Similarly, Selvam J in _Thomson Plaza_ observed at [26]:

The law with regard to a commercial contract between hard-nosed businessmen is
that, save in extreme cases, the court must not rewrite what the parties have
agreed simply by relying on the court's notions of unreasonable or
unconscionable conduct. To do so would undermine certainty and security in the
law of contract.

56 Accordingly, I find that OCIA had failed to adduce sufficient evidence to
displace the _prima facie_ inference. This becomes even clearer upon
consideration of Mr Wong’s submissions. Mr Chew relied on four key points in
support of his submission that the objective intention of the parties was
plainly for the agreement to be legally binding only when the Supplemental
Agreement is duly executed in accordance with the Term Sheet:

(a)

the fact that the approval of OIC had to be obtained after the 23 June 2009
meeting and before OCIA could proceed with the preparation of the Supplemental
Agreement;

(b)

the manner of the operation of the Supplemental Agreement both under its terms
and in practice;

(c)

the course of dealing between the parties; and

(d)

OCIA’s absence of belief in the existence of a binding oral contract post the
23 June 2009 meeting and prior to the commencement of this suit.

Approval of OCBC’s investment committee (“OIC”)

57 Approval by OIC on any proposal discussed between OCIA and Mr Wong was
always contemplated. In OCIA’s Quarterly Review dated 16 April 2009, it was
expressly stated that if Mr Wong is agreeable to the proposal, OCIA “will seek
OIC’s approval before proceeding to documentation.” This was repeated in an
email dated 18 June 2009 which was sent by Mr Goh to Mr Chua shortly before
the 23 June 2009 meeting wherein Mr Goh said that if Mr Wong “is agreeable, we
will seek OIC’s approval on those terms”.

58 The fact that OIC’s approval was required is also corroborated by the
slides which were prepared for OIC immediately after the 23 June 2009 meeting.
One of the slides specifically stated:

APPROVAL SOUGHT

OIC’s approval is sought to:

\- approve above proposed terms (including sale of our 3.7M Frontken shares to
[Mr Wong] at RM0.54 a share); and

\- authorise [George] to approve on the final details of divestment.

59 Further, the minutes of the OIC meeting described the terms set out in the
Term Sheet as “proposed terms” and conspicuously made no reference to any oral
contract having been concluded with Mr Wong at the 23 June 2009 meeting.

60 The email which was sent by OCIA immediately after the OIC meeting is also
consistent with the fact that OIC’s approval is necessary and is not a mere
formality. In Mr Goh’s email dated 24 June 2009, he added that “…we wish to
inform you that we just got OIC approval to extend the Risk Participation
Period for Frontken from July 2010 until as long as we hold shares in
Frontken. We are now going into documentation on a supplementary agreement”.

61 Any residual doubt (which I did not entertain) as to the requirement of
OIC’s approval was effectively removed through the evidence of Mr Goh in
cross-examination:

Q So if [Mr Wong] agrees to the terms, you will then go up to OIC and get
OIC’s approval, right, on those terms. That is what it says [at 3AB 902]
correct?

A Yup.

...

Q … So if Mr Wong is agreeable, you will then ask OIC for approval and then if
OIC gives its approval, you will then proceed to documentation. Is that the
correct sequence or would that have been the sequence?

A Yah.

...

Q … So again, it’s very clear here that you need OIC’s approval after Willie
agrees. Correct?

A Yah

....

Court .... Mr Chew’s question is: If that is right, then it really doesn’t
matter whether OIC’s approval is obtained. Because if it’s obtained, good,
fine and dandy. If it’s not obtained, it’s just too bad, we still have to
proceed. That’s your view, right? So do you agree with Mr Chew that it doesn’t
matter either way whether OIC’s approval was eventually obtained? From your
perspective.

Witness _I would say it---it---it is---it---it matters._

Q _It does matter?_

A _Yah._

Q Thank you. And that is why you needed OIC approval, or you were waiting for
OIC approval before going into documentation. Correct? That was part of the
sequence?

A That was mmma---mmma---the trend of thought that time, yah.

[emphasis added]

62 As rightly pointed out by Mr Chew, as it was still necessary to obtain the
approval of OIC after the 23 June 2009 meeting before OCIA could proceed with
the preparation of the Supplemental Agreement, it would follow that it was
still open to OIC to either withhold its approval or to request for further
amendments to the terms of the agreement, such that the agreement reached at
the 23 June 2009 meeting could not be said to have immediate binding effect
upon OCIA or Mr Wong. The fact that George was kept abreast of the
negotiations with Mr Wong prior to the 23 June 2009 meeting and that OIC’s
approval was in fact given in the afternoon of 23 June 2009 after the meeting
did not rule out the possibility that OIC could still have withheld its
approval. It is equally immaterial that Mr Wong was not aware of the
requirement for OIC’s approval as it shows that OCIA could not have intended
for legal relations to be immediately binding given their knowledge that OIC’s
approval was necessary. After all, according to Mr Goh, the approval of OIC “
_does matter_ ”. Therefore, in my view, an oral binding contract did not come
into being at the 23 June 2009 meeting prior to the obtaining of OIC’s
approval.

Manner of operation of the agreement

63 The provisions of the Term Sheet and the conduct of the parties post the 23
June 2009 meeting likewise support the inference that the agreement is to have
binding effect only after the execution of formal documentation.

64 In addition to the express term requiring “[a] Supplemental Agreement to be
executed to _effect necessary changes_ ”, another provision in the Term Sheet
states: “Shareholder shares in [Frontken] shall be pledged to [OCIA] _upon the
signing of Agreement_ ”. As mentioned earlier, Mr Wong was required to pledge
Frontken shares as security for his potential liabilities under the
Supplemental Agreement. The requirement and obligation on Mr Wong to pledge
his shares only arises upon the signing of formal documentation. It therefore
lends further support to the inference that the agreement is to have binding
effect only upon such execution.

65 Further, another key provision of the Term Sheet was that OCIA would sell
to Mr Wong 3,703,704 Frontken shares in five tranches. The first tranche was
stipulated to be sold on 31 July 2009, some five weeks after the 23 June 2009
meeting. However, there was no attempt by OCIA to sell the first tranche to Mr
Wong when the date arrived. There was no correspondence whatsoever from OCIA
in relation to the sale of the first tranche as would be expected if OCIA had
regarded the oral contract to be immediately binding following the 23 June
2009 meeting. Instead, in the Sale and Purchase Agreement prepared by OCIA’s
legal department which was sent to Mr Wong on 6 August 2009 together with the
Supplemental Agreement, the date for the sale of the first tranche was
_unilaterally_ changed by OCIA from 31 July 2009 to 15 August 2009, which was
five days after the expiry of the Risk Participation Period.

66 If there was indeed an oral binding contract concluded on 23 June 2009,
OCIA would have taken steps to sell the first tranche on 31 July 2009. As the
Term Sheet stipulated an _effective_ sale price of RM 0.54 per share (as Mr
Wong is required to compensate for the difference between Market Price and RM
0.54), which was OCIA’s average cost per share and was significantly higher
than the market price as well as the floor price per share at that time, OCIA
would have reduced its risk exposure significantly by proceeding with the
sale. Further, it is trite that the terms of a concluded contract can only be
varied by mutual agreement (_Chitty_ , para 22-032); however, the consent of
Mr Wong to the change in the date for the sale of the first tranche was never
procured. While at common law a contract may validly confer on one contracting
party the power to unilaterally vary the contract (_Chitty_ , para 22-039),
there was no such provision in the agreement here. It is irrelevant that the
amendment caused no prejudice to Mr Wong or that it was in fact “beneficial”
in deferring the purchase date. Instead, OCIA’s failure to sell the first
tranche and its subsequent amendment of the date of sale for the first tranche
evidenced two things: (a) the terms agreed on 23 June 2009 were not regarded
as immediately binding as they could still be amended, and (b) OCIA viewed the
agreement as binding only after its final execution, and having failed to have
the contract executed before 31 July 2009, it stipulated a new transaction
date of 15 August 2009 for the first tranche. The other difficulty with the
unilateral amendment in respect of the sale of the first tranche is that it
necessarily implies that Mr Wong would be in breach of contract if he fails to
purchase the first tranche on 15 August 2009\. How could Mr Wong be in breach
of a term which he never agreed to?

67 When questioned on OCIA’s omission to sell the first tranche on 31 July
2009, Mr Goh offered the following explanation:

Q:Can you explain to us why there was no such sale of the shares to Mr Wong on
31st of July 2009?

A:We wanted to---first on our mind is to get the documentation signed. So---
er, er, and then we thought he would execute it after the signing of the
documentation and---and we don’t see any detriment ah to him lah by not
buying, er, slightly earlier---I mean or slightly later.

The first part of Mr Goh’s explanation is unhelpful to OCIA’s case – the
priority placed on the execution of the contract over an immediate opportunity
to reduce OCIA’s risk exposure goes to show that OCIA had treated the
agreement as having legal effect only upon formal execution. The second part
of Mr Goh’s explanation is unconvincing – it is difficult to believe that OCIA
was willing to postpone the sale because there was no detriment to Mr Wong.
This is _non sequitur_ to OCIA’s omission to sell the first tranche shares.

68 Furthermore, the preamble in the Term Sheet referred to a disclaimer which
reads as follows:

THIS PROPOSAL IS TO BE USED FOR CONTINUED DISCUSSIONS, AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
A COMMITMENT OF OCBC BANK TO LEND, INVEST OR AN AGREEMENT OF OCBC BANK TO
PREPARE, NEGOTIATE, EXECUTE OR DELIVER SUCH A COMMITMENT... THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS PROPOSAL... **MAY BE MODIFIED OR SUPPLEMENTED BY OCBC BANK
IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION AT ANY TIME AND FROM TIME TO TIME DURING THE COURSE OF
ITS DUE DILIGENCE AND CREDIT APPROVAL PROCESS** OR AS A RESULT OF CHANGED
MARKET CONDITIONS OR OTHERWISE…

[emphasis in bold added]

69 The above disclaimer was inserted by OCIA in the Term Sheet for the purpose
of the 23 June 2009 meeting. The disclaimer was added because OCIA knew that
the proposal required the approval of OIC and that OIC may modify the proposal
as it deems fit. This is again entirely consistent with the fact that the
proposal was submitted to OIC for approval immediately after the 23 June 2009
meeting. This is a point of some significance which is to be contrasted with
the court’s finding in _PRA_ at [33] that “neither party was at liberty to
insert in the conformed contract document a term which had not been agreed
prior to the award of the contract”. It is no surprise that in _Rossiter_ at
1151, a similar observation which led the House of Lords to find that a
binding contract was concluded was “that those who draw up the formal
agreement have not the power to vary the terms already settled”.

70 The fact that no binding oral contract was concluded at the 23 June 2009
meeting can also be inferred from the complete absence of any reference in the
Supplemental Agreement to the alleged oral contract of 23 June 2009
notwithstanding the recital of the background facts. In fact, cl 7.6 of the
Supplemental Agreement states that it “shall be effective as of the date
hereof irrespective of the diverse dates upon which the respective parties may
have executed [it]”.That certainly does not relate back to 23 June 2009.

Course of dealing between the parties

71 The course of dealing between the parties also reveals that the parties
have dealt with each other on the basis that agreements are legally binding
only upon formal execution. This was the common understanding of the parties
with respect to the RPA, the very document which the Supplemental Agreement
sought to amend.

72 For the RPA, a draft dated 5 July 2007 was sent to Mr Wong and the terms of
the draft were presumably agreed some time shortly thereafter. The RPA was
eventually executed on 20 July 2007. The evidence shows that this was the date
treated by the parties as the date on which binding legal relations came into
being:

(a) First, in the Affidavits of Evidence-in-Chief (“AEICs”) of all three
witnesses for OCIA (Mr Chua, Mr Goh and Vincent), it was common ground that
OCIA and Mr Wong entered into the RPA on 20 July 2007.

(b) Secondly, Vincent’s evidence during cross-examination was that if Mr Wong
had not signed the RPA on 20 July 2007, OCIA would not have proceeded with its
purchase of Frontken shares on 24 July 2007:

Q:Right. So let me ask you this, if Mr Wong had not signed the [RPA] on the
20th of July, even though instructions had been given to the lawyers to
prepare the execution copy, would OCIA have proceeded and accepted the
placement shares on the 24th of July?

A:Er, probably not.

Q:Probably not. Probably not because he hadn’t signed it, correct?

A:Er, yes.

73 Further, the evidence was that the usual business practice of OCIA was to
act on executed documents, and not on oral agreements. This was confirmed by
Mr Goh in cross-examination:

Q:Can you tell me if the bank, OCBC or OCIA, is generally in the habit of
acting on oral agreements?

…

A:The---the bank’s practice is to have document [sic].

This is most probably true of most, if not all, financial institutions and
reinforces the inference that the common understanding between OCIA and Mr
Wong was that any agreement would only be legally binding when formal
documents are executed as expressly provided for under the Term Sheet.

OCIA’s conduct is consistent with its absence of belief in the existence of a
binding oral contract

74 In addition, Mr Chew also raised three material facts to demonstrate OCIA’s
own absence of belief of a binding oral contract concluded at the 23 June 2009
meeting:

(a) OCIA’s attempts to salvage the agreement after the expiry of the Risk
Participation Period, including –

(i)

requesting that Mr Wong sign a “Letter of Extension” in order to extend the
Risk Participation Period; and

(ii)

negotiating with Mr Wong to restructure the deal.

(b) Evidence of OCIA’s representatives under cross-examination indicating
their absence of belief in the existence of a binding oral contract reached at
the 23 June 2009 meeting.

(c) The urgency with which OCIA treated the execution of the Supplemental
Agreement in view of the impending expiry of the Risk Participation Period.

75 Before examining the evidence which supports OCIA’s absence of belief of a
concluded oral contract at the 23 June 2009 meeting, I should make clear that
the absence of such belief, _of itself_ , is not strictly decisive. As
observed by Michael Black QC sitting as a Deputy Judge in _Kvaerner
Construction Ltd v Eggar (Barony) Ltd_ [2000] All ER (D) 1157 (“ _Kvaerner_
”), “its only value is as an echo of an earlier intention, it cannot stand
alone”.

76 After the expiry of the Risk Participation Period on 10 August 2009, OCIA
requested Mr Wong to sign a “Letter of Extension” in order to extend the Risk
Participation Period until 31 August 2009. Subsequently OCIA sought to amend
the “Letter of Extension” to grant an indefinite extension to the Risk
Participation Period until the execution of the Supplemental Agreement.

77 However, under the Term Sheet, the Risk Participation Period would be “[i]n
force immediately following Restricted Period (1 July 2010) _for as long as
[OCIA] continues to hold its Frontken shares_ [emphasis added]”. As such, if a
binding oral contract on the terms of the Term Sheet was reached at the 23
June 2009 meeting, there would have been no need for an extension of the Risk
Participation Period as it would already have been extended indefinitely.
Instead, OCIA’s attempts to obtain an interim extension prior to execution
revealed that OCIA did not itself believe that there was already a binding
oral contract in place. Further, in Mr Chua’s email to Mr Wong on 21 August
2009, the stated reason for the Letter of Extension was for the positions for
the parties “to remain _status quo_ (as at 10/8/09) until we sign the new
supplemental agreement”. This contradicts OCIA’s case as it suggests that
contractual relations between the parties were intended to change (to that
governed by the Term Sheet) only upon the signing of the Supplemental
Agreement.

78 After OCIA failed to persuade Mr Wong to sign the “Letter of Extension” or
the Supplemental Agreement, a meeting with Mr Wong was arranged on 28 August
2009 wherein Mr Wong again declined to sign the Supplemental Agreement. The
following email was sent by Mr Chua to Mr Wong and Nicholas on the same date,
wherein a new “restructuring” proposal was mentioned as being discussed at the
meeting:

Dear [Mr Wong] and Nicholas

Thank you for the meeting, it was very enlightening to understand the history
of the deal.

To recap, I would appreciate your confirmation on the basic principle of
restructuring this deal:

1\. OCBC cost per share is now brought to RM 0.47 (original RM 15m)

2\. Shareholding is 27,630,400 shares (RM 12,986,288)

3\. Current share price of Frontken RM 0.23 (RM 6,354,992)

4\. The understanding is that OCBC would be able to recover RM 12.98m from
this restructuring with some potential upside.

Initial thoughts are

1\. OCBC will extend a RM 10m loan to Frontken

2\. RM6.3m will be retained in a controlled account for the use of share buy
back

3\. OCBC will charge RM 3.7m as fees for arranging the restructuring

4\. Frontken will repay a total of RM 12.98M on the loan over 3 years
(preferably quarterly repayments)

5\. OCBC will option to buy up to RM 10m worth of new Frontken shares at
exercise price of RM 0.25 with mandatory conversion at RM 0.47

Appreciate your concurrence and comments asap.

Regards,

[Mr Chua].

79 As can be seen, this new proposal was entirely dissimilar to the agreement
envisaged by the Term Sheet. The contracting parties were now OCIA and
Frontken, and Mr Wong was not even a party at all – there is no sale of shares
from OCIA to Mr Wong, no Risk Participation by Mr Wong and no share pledge by
Mr Wong. Instead, the essence of the new proposal was a loan from OCIA for the
purposes of a share buy-back by Frontken, coupled with an option for OCIA to
purchase more Frontken shares. The rationale behind this new proposal was
explained by Mr Chua under cross-examination:

… Nicholas came up with an idea that since Frontken was going to do a
restructuring, maybe, er, a share buyback, er maybe we could restructure this
re---er deal _so that, you know, we could still salvage something out of this_
…

[emphasis added]

80 Instead of asserting its rights under the purported oral contract, OCIA
opted to pursue a new and completely distinct proposal in order to “salvage”
the deal with Mr Wong. It is therefore clear that OCIA itself did not
recognise that a binding contract had come into being at the 23 June 2009
meeting given the non-execution of the Supplemental Agreement. It is certainly
incongruous for OCIA to extend a new loan of RM10 million to Frontken to
resolve a breach of an oral contract by its CEO, Mr Wong.

81 From the evidence of Mr Chua and Mr Goh under cross-examination, it is
apparent that they likewise did not themselves recognise that a binding
contract was concluded at the meeting on 23 June 2009. The most telling
evidence came from Mr Chua:

Q:So if Mr Wong, after the 23rd June meeting had called you back half an hour
later and said, “You know, Mr Chua, I---I---I think I---I don’t want to go
through with this”, would you have said, ”It’s too late”?

A:I---I would have said that, erm, “Mr Wong, er, please be prepared that I’ll
be selling 27 million shares into the market within the next 5---with---with
---within the next 2 months”.

As such, if OCIA had received earlier notice that Mr Wong would not sign the
Supplemental Agreement, it would have treated the RPA as still binding and the
new arrangements under the Term Sheet as not binding, and would have proceeded
to dispose of its shareholding in Frontken “within the next 2 months”, _ie_ ,
by August 2009 as provided under the RPA. The obvious inference is that the
oral contract could not have been intended to be binding unless the
Supplemental Agreement was executed. If OCIA had regarded the oral contract as
binding, OCIA would not have sold off the shares immediately since the new
Risk Participation Period would not have commenced prior to 1 July 2010 as
stated in the Term Sheet.

82 Further, Mr Goh had also conceded under cross-examination that execution of
the Supplemental Agreement is necessary for the agreement to be binding and
that OCIA’s conduct was consistent with that conclusion:

Q:I put it to you, Mr Goh, that _it was all along intended that for there to
be any binding agreement between OCIA and Mr Wong, the parties had to enter
into a written supplemental agreement. Do you agree or disagree?_

A: _Yah._

Q:You agree?

A[sic]:And I put it to you that the only agreement that was reached by the
parties on the 23rd of June 2009 after the meet---at the meeting was that a
draft supplemental agreement be prepared on the terms that were set out in the
summary. Agree or disagree?

A:Yah, the supplemental to---to follow the---af---the---to follow up after the
meeting.

...

QI put it to you that _your own conduct showed---your own conduct after 23 rd
of June showed that OCIA was proceeding on the basis that in order for there
to be a binding supplemental agreement_,_[Mr Wong] needed to sign the document
first_. Do you agree or disagree?

A _Yah_

QYou agree. And I put it to you---sorry, yes.

[emphasis added]

This concession by Mr Goh is quite critical since he was one of the key
personnel from OCIA who was directly involved in the negotiations with Mr
Wong. It is also entirely in line with the objective evidence before me.

83 The fact that OCIA treated the Risk Participation Period as binding and the
new arrangements under the Term Sheet as not binding until the signing of the
Supplemental Agreement is also evidenced by the urgency with which OCIA
treated the preparation and signing of the Supplemental Agreement in light of
the impending expiry date of 10 August 2009\. The urgent requirement for the
Supplemental Agreement to be executed can be gleaned from the following email
messages:

(a) Mr Chua’s email to Mr Wong, Nicholas and Mr Goh on 24 June 2009, 1 day
after the 23 June 2009 meeting, in which he stated:

Hi [Mr Wong] & Nicholas

Thank you for the meeting yesterday, it was great that we were able to quickly
agree on the outstanding matters. Look forward to signing of this supplemental
_with the same urgency_. Regards, [Mr Chua].

[emphasis added]

(b) After Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia) was engaged to prepare the Supplemental
Agreement, Mr Goh sent the following email to Ms Khong Mei Lin (“Mei Lin”)
from the firm on 14 July 2009:

Hi Mei Lin

Hope we can get the draft tomorrow evening in view of _urgency to get client
to sign on those negotiated terms soon as possible_.

Regards,

[Mr Goh]

[emphasis added]

(c) Another email from Mr Goh to Shook Lin & Bok (Malaysia) on 4 August 2009
pressing for a revised draft of the Supplemental Agreement:

Hi Mei Lin

I refer to our phone conversation yesterday and as indicated, need to send out
the Supplemental Agreement to client soon as possible _– [Risk Participation]
Period expiring in next few days_. Look forward to the draft this afternoon.

Regards,

[Mr Goh]

[emphasis added]

(d) Repeated attempts by OCIA to contact Mr Wong after the formal
documentation was sent to him on 6 August 2009.

84 If there was indeed a binding oral contract in place after the 23 June 2009
meeting, the new terms regarding the Risk Participation Period would have been
in force, while the original expiry date of the Risk Participation Period of
10 August 2009 superseded. The only reasonable explanation for OCIA’s repeated
displays of urgency in requiring the execution of the Supplemental Agreement
before 10 August 2009, and more significantly its own acknowledgment of the
expiry of the existing Risk Participation Period, is that no binding oral
contract was reached at the 23 June 2009 meeting.

85 Mr Tong, however, stressed that OCIA’s representatives being lay persons
may not have fully appreciated the legal significance of their conduct and/or
their language in the email messages. However, in contract law, the court is
concerned with the objective intention of the contracting parties, _ie_ , what
a reasonable, ordinary observer of their conduct would think their intention
was. The legal knowledge (or lack thereof) of a contracting party is
irrelevant if their conduct is inconsistent with the existence of a binding
oral contract.

86 Mr Tong further added that employees of a bank would invariably insist on
formalities and/or procedures to be complied with so that the bank will be
better protected against prospective claims and/or disputes. This is precisely
the point – employees (acting as agents of banks) and customers of banks
typically transact on the basis that formalities are required for a binding
agreement and this inference has to be displaced by compelling evidence to the
contrary in the particular case.

87 Having examined all the points raised by Mr Chew, I would have found that
no binding oral contract was concluded at the 23 June 2009 meeting even if the
burden was on Mr Wong.

OCIA’s alternative estoppel argument

88 OCIA also relied on the doctrine of estoppel by convention, the elements of
which are set out in _Travista Development Pte Ltd v Tan Kim Swee Augustine
and others_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 474:

(a)

the parties to a transaction acted on “an assumed and incorrect state of fact
or law”;

(b)

the assumption is shared by both, or made by one and acquiesced in by the
other; and

(c)

the parties are precluded from denying the truth of that assumption, if it
would be unjust or unconscionable to allow them (or one of them) to go back on
it.

89 Estoppel by convention is further explained in _Chitty_ , para 3-107:

… Such an estoppel differs from estoppel by representation and from promissory
estoppel in that it _does not depend on any representation or promise_. It can
arise by virtue of a common assumption which was not induced by the party
alleged to be estopped but which was based on a mistake spontaneously made by
the party relying on it and acquiesced in by the other party. It seems,
however, that the assumption _resembles the representation required to give
rise to other forms of estoppel to the extent that it must be “unambiguous and
unequivocal”_ … [emphasis added]

90 As is the case with estoppel by representation and promissory estoppel,
estoppel by convention is usually considered _a “shield” and not a “sword”_ ,
that is to say, it does not create any cause of action when none existed
before. See Chitty, para 3-113. However, as noted by Phang JA in _Tee_ _Soon_
_Kay_ _v Attorney-General_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 133, there has been gradual
recognition of the use of estoppel as a “sword”:

… by invoking the doctrine of promissory estoppel, the respondent appears,
whether by design or otherwise, to be utilising this doctrine as a cause of
action in itself. Whether or not this is permissible is an issue that is still
shrouded in some controversy. It was always assumed that such a course of
action was impermissible. However, the leading Australian High Court decision
of  _Waltons Stores (Interstate) Limited v Maher_ (1988) 164 CLR 387 allowed
the doctrine of promissory estoppel to be utilised as a cause of action in
itself: as (in traditional terminology) a "sword" (as opposed to merely a
"shield" or defence (as exemplified in the oft-cited English Court of Appeal
decision of  _Combe v Combe_ [1951] 2 KB 215)). There is, in fact, some
indication that even in England, a more flexible approach might be adopted. In
the recent English Court of Appeal decision of  _Baird Textiles Holdings Ltd v
Marks & Spencer plc_ [2002] 1 All ER (Comm) 737, for example, Sir Andrew
Morritt VC did refer to the Australian High Court decision of  _Waltons Stores
(Interstate) Limited v Maher_. Morritt VC, whilst not completely closing the
door to allowing estoppel to function as the absence of precedent as well as
the need for sufficient certainty (which he did not find on the facts) (see
_ibid_ at 751). The learned judge did, however, acknowledge that the House of
Lords might adopt a different (and more liberal) approach in the future (at
751-752). Judge and Mance LJJ were also of a similar view: emphasising both
the point from precedent as well as the desirability of distinguishing amongst
the various categories of estoppel (at 753-754 and at 760-763 respectively).
However, in view of our decision that there are no problems relating to
consideration with regard to the contracts entered into by the appellants, we
do not have to decide this particular issue in the present appeal.

91 The idea that estoppel can only be used as a “shield” is also somewhat
mitigated by the principle that one can be estopped from denying the existence
of a contract which effectively renders estoppel as an alternative “sword” in
the event that an action for breach of contract fails. See _Waltons Stores
(Interstate) Limited v Maher_ (1988) 164 CLR 387 (“ _Waltons Stores_ ”);
_Mitsui Babcock Energy Limited v John Brown Engineering_ (1997) 51 Con LR 129;
_Kvaerner_. This is the precise context in which OCIA is seeking to apply
estoppel by convention in the present case.

92 _Waltons Stores_ is a case of particular relevance to our present case as
the High Court of Australia held that although the want of formal execution
led to the absence of a binding lease agreement, the company was estopped from
denying that it was bound. In _Waltons Stores_ , a company had negotiated to
lease some land from the owner. The owner was to demolish a building and
construct a new one to the company's specifications. The company’s solicitor
forwarded a draft lease to the owner’s solicitor to which the latter suggested
certain amendments. On 7 November 1983, the owner’s solicitor told the
company’s solicitor that it was essential that the agreement be concluded
within the next day or so, and that the owner did not wish to demolish the
building until it was clear that there were no problems with the lease. The
company’s solicitor said that the company had notified him orally that the
suggested amendments to the draft lease were acceptable but he would get
formal instructions and would inform the owner’s solicitor the next day
whether the company disagreed with any of them. He then sent the owner’s
solicitor a redrafted lease incorporating the suggested amendments without
objecting to the amendments on the next day or at all. On 11 November 1983,
the owner’s solicitor forwarded to the company's solicitor an executed lease
“by way of exchange”. The owner then began to demolish the building. About a
week later the company had second thoughts about proceeding with the
transaction, and after having been told by its solicitor that it was not bound
to proceed unless parts were exchanged, told him to “go slow”. Shortly
thereafter, the company became aware that the demolition was proceeding. Early
in January 1984, the owner commenced building works. The building was about 40
percent completed when on 19 January 1984, the company informed the owner that
it did not intend to proceed. No communication was exchanged between the
company’s solicitors and the owner’s solicitor between 11 November 1983 and 19
January 1984.

93 Mason CJ, Wilson, Brennan and Deane JJ. held that the company was estopped
from retreating from its implied promise to complete the contract because
knowing the owner had exposed himself to detriment by acting on the basis of a
mistaken assumption that the contract was concluded, it was unconscionable for
it to adopt a course of inaction which encouraged the owner in the course he
had adopted. Deane J further held that the retention of the executed lease by
the company’s solicitor and the company’s deliberate silence and inaction had
caused the owner to mistakenly assume that a binding contract existed and to
act on that assumption to his detriment. Gaudron J held that the company’s
imprudence in failing to inform the owner that exchange might not occur caused
the owner to act on the assumption that an exchange had taken place, and it
would be unjust and unfair to allow departure from that assumption.

94 There is, however, an important distinction between _Waltons Stores_ and
the present case. In _Waltons Stores_ , there was an “unambiguous and
unequivocal” assumption that there was a concluded contract held by the owner
which led him to go so far as to demolish the old building and construct 40
percent of the new building before being informed by the company that it did
not intend to proceed. The company acquiesced in this assumption by its
deliberate silence and inaction despite knowledge that the demolition work was
underway. In the present case, there is no such “unambiguous and unequivocal”
assumption by OCIA as regards the conclusion of a binding oral agreement. Mr
Tong accepted that a finding by the court that OCIA did not intend to be bound
immediately would be fatal to its alternative estoppel argument.

95 As stated earlier at [74]–[84] above, the evidence shows that OCIA was
mindful of the fact that the expiry date of 10 August 2009 under the existing
RPA was looming and treated with some urgency the need to secure the execution
of the formal documentation before that deadline. OCIA neither treated the
original expiry date as having been superseded by the Term Sheet, nor treated
formal execution as a mere formality. While OCIA did hold off an open market
sale of its Frontken shares, that conduct is equally consistent with its
understanding that the terms of the Term Sheet were more advantageous than the
option of an open market sale, and its expectation that Mr Wong would
eventually execute the Supplemental Agreement. However strong that expectation
might be, in my view, it did not qualify as an “unambiguous and unequivocal”
assumption. Instead, OCIA took the risk that Mr Wong might not sign off on the
Supplemental Agreement eventually when it forwarded the finalised draft to Mr
Wong with only four days of the Risk Participation Period remaining.
Unfortunately for OCIA, it waited too long in finalising the draft. In the
result, it did not have any sufficient time to react to Mr Wong’s refusal to
sign the Supplemental Agreement and therefore must bear the unfortunate
consequences of its own delay.

96 As such, there is no need in the present case to decide whether estoppel by
convention can be used as a “sword” as there was no common assumption that a
binding oral contract existed or that the Risk Participation Period had been
extended. Accordingly the estoppel argument fails _in limine_.

Conclusion

97 For all the reasons stated above, I find that no _binding_ oral agreement
was concluded at the 23 June 2009 meeting. Both parties specifically
contemplated and agreed that the changes to the RPA would have to be effected
by way of an executed Supplemental Agreement which was never signed by either
party. In the result, OCIA’s claim is dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

