Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation) _v_ Metalform Asia Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 90

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 1679 of 2007  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lee Eng Beng SC, Low Poh Ling, Sim Kwan Kiat and Farrah
Salam (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant; Chelva Retnam Rajah SC, Chew Kei-
Jin and Moiz Haider Sithawalla (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Metalform Asia Pte Ltd  
  
30 April 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

(A) INTRODUCTION

1 This appeal is against the Arbitrator’s Decision on Summary Determination of
Issues dated 17 October 2007 (“the Decision”) made in an arbitration between
the appellant, Holland Leedon Pte Ltd (in Liquidation) (“HL”) and the
respondent, Metalform Asia Pte Ltd (“MA”) arising out of the sale and purchase
of HL’s business and assets (“the Business”) to MA.

2 The purpose of HL’s application for summary determination was to achieve by
legal argument an outcome that would render a full blown arbitral hearing
unnecessary on three (3) issues alone. In relation to this appeal, HL’s
decision to obtain a summary determination of the three issues, (of which the
first issue is effectively determinative of the other issues), is on the whole
ambitious – simply put, while HL may ultimately prevail on a resolution of all
factual disputes in its favour, like the Arbitrator, I am unable, at this
threshold stage, to conclude that HL’s interpretation of the SPA (see [3]
below) that seeks to limit the remedy for breach of warranty is the only
correct one as a matter of law. The Arbitrator recognised that the final legal
result would turn on disputed factual issues, and I would agree with this
view.

(B) EVENTS LEADING TO HL’S APPLICATION FOR SUMMARY DETERMINATION OF ISSUES TO
THE ARBITRATOR

3 At all material times, HL was in the business of manufacturing and selling
top covers for hard disk drives to global manufacturers such as Seagate
Technology LLC (“Seagate”) and Maxtor Peripherals (S) Pte Ltd (“Maxtor”). By a
sale and purchase agreement dated 13 June 2004 and subsequently amended on 29
June 2004 (“the SPA”), the Business was sold by HL to MA for around US$264m.
The completion of the acquisition under the SPA was on 1 July 2004.

4 Before long, the parties were in dispute. MA alleged that a number of
warranties given under the SPA were breached. Under Schedule 4 read with
Clauses 6.1, 6.2 and 6.3.1 of the SPA, HL gave certain warranties relating to
how its business was being operated and HL acknowledged that MA was entering
into the SPA in reliance of each of the warranties. However, MA subsequently
discovered “short cuts” taken by HL in the manufacturing of products and the
business operations did not comply with what were required under HL’s
contracts with major customers like Seagate and Maxtor. These “short cuts” and
non-compliance, which amounted to breaches of some of the warranties under the
SPA, were practised by HL.

5 MA commenced SIAC Arbitration No ARB 068/DA17/05 (“the Arbitration”) against
HL to claim damages for breach of warranties under the SPA in the form of
Warranty Claims as defined in the SPA.[note: 1] MA relied on a report prepared
by Ernst and Young LLP, Singapore, (“Ernst & Young”) to quantify the Warranty
Claims at a total sum of S$30,993,960.18.[note: 2] The Warranty Claims
consisted of what MA termed (a) one-off costs and (b) recurring costs as
defined in paragraph 24(b) of its Statement of Claimant’s Case (Amendment No
3) (“the SOC-3”). The bulk of the claims comprise primarily of item (b)
recurring costs in the sum of S$27,367,248.

6 The application before the Arbitrator related to item (b) only. Paragraph
24(b) of SOC-3 defines “recurring costs” as follows:

Recurring costs are recurring annualised costs that are multiplied by 7 (being
the multiplier applied to the EBITDA to determine the purchase price for the
Business and the Assets pursuant to Clause 4.4.1 of the SPA as set out earlier
above (“the purchase multiplier”)). As recurring costs arise from breaches of
warranties relating to the [Business], such recurring costs would have
resulted in an increase in the costs base to [MA] and hence a decrease in the
EBITDA applied to determine the purchase price of the Business and the Assets,
if [MA] had known of [HL’s] relevant breaches of Warranties at the time of
purchase. [MA] had therefore paid more than it should have (by 7 x the
recurring costs incurred) for the [Business] under the SPA. Thus, applying the
purchase multiplier reflects the damages suffered by [MA].

7 HL has objected to MA’s formula which uses a multiplier to calculate
damages, namely “recurring costs x 7” (“MA’s Formula”), arguing that MA ’s
Formula is nothing more than a veiled attempt to claw back part of the
purchase price (“the Purchase Consideration”), and this is not permitted under
the SPA. Furthermore, there can be no claim for overpayment of the Purchase
Consideration since there was no warranty on EBITDA. On 18 August 2007, HL
applied to the Arbitrator for summary determination of three issues under Rule
28.1 of the SIAC Domestic Arbitration rules (see [9] below).

(C) THE ARBITRATOR’S DECISION

8 The Arbitrator decided in MA’s favour on all the three issues put to him. It
must not be forgotten that the three issues were formulated as questions of
law. As such and so far as is material, there were no findings of fact by the
Arbitrator. Notably, the Arbitrator was not required to concern himself with
issues of breach, causation and remoteness of damages at the summary
determination stage. As I will be discussing in detail the Arbitrator’s
reasoning later in this Judgment, to avoid repetition, I propose, at this
juncture, to simply state the Arbitrator’s answers to each of the three
issues.

9 The three issues on which HL sought summary determination before the
Arbitrator were as follows:

(a) _Issue 1 – Conclusiveness of Completion Statement_

(a) On the true interpretation of the SPA, including Clause 8 of Schedule 2,
can [MA] recover any part of the Purchase Consideration paid under the SPA,
whether by damages or otherwise, in the absence of the Completion Statement
being set aside as no longer binding by reason of fraud or manifest error?

(b) If the answer to (a) is no, can [MA] recover damages in the amount of
recurring costs multiplied by 7 as set out in paragraphs 26(iii), 30(xi) to
(xiv), 55, 64(iii), 73, 78 and 82 of [the SOC-3]?

(b) _Issue 2 – Warranty as to Non-Executive Employees_

(a) On the true interpretation of the SPA, including Clause 3.1.8 and Clause
11 of the SPA, does [HL’s] obligation in relation to Non-executive Employees
extend beyond procuring the transfer of their contracts of employment to [MA]?

(b) If the answer to (a) is no, can [MA] claim the recurring costs (whether
multiplied by 7 or otherwise) set out in paragraphs 64(iii) and 82 of [ the
SOC-3]?

(c) _Issue 3 – Warranty as to Seagate and Maxtor Contracts_

(a) Assuming the customer contracts with Seagate or Maxtor (if any) referred
to by [MA] fall within the ambit of Clause 8.1 of Schedule 4, then, on the
true interpretation of the SPA, including Clause 8.1 of Schedule 4, did [HL]
warrant to [MA] that all terms of the such customer contracts to which [MA]
were party post completion of the SPA will be complied with in all material
respects post completion of the SPA?

(b) If the answer to (a) is no, can [MA] claim the recurring costs set out in
paragraphs 55, 64(iii), 73, 78 and 82 of [the SOC-3]?

10 On the first question (_ie_ , part (a)) in Issue 1, the Arbitrator ruled
that MA was not seeking to recover a reduction in the Purchase Consideration,
and therefore the first question in Issue 1 did not arise. MA’s claim is for
damages for breach of warranties. On a true interpretation of SPA, including
paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 (which provided for the finality and binding effect
of the Completion Statement in the SPA), MA is not precluded from making a
Warranty Claim which is for damages for breach of warranties.[note: 3]

11 In relation to the second question (_ie_ , part (b)) in Issue 1, **t** he
Arbitrator ruled that on the true interpretation of paragraph 8 of Schedule 2,
MA was not precluded by the binding effect of the Completion Statement from
claiming damages for breach of warranties as pleaded in paragraphs 26(iii),
30(xi) to (xiv), 55, 64(iii), 73, 78 and 82 of the SOC-3. MA was also not
precluded from putting forward MA’s Formula to calculate damages for breach of
warranty.[note: 4] The Arbitrator emphasised, however, that whether the
Warranty Claims were “valid, sound or sustainable” was not an issue for
determination before him.

12 On the first question (_ie_ , part (a)) in Issue 2, the Arbitrator opined
that no issue arose for summary determination as MA was not claiming for
breach of Clauses 3.1.8 and 11 of the SPA. The application for determination
of the first question in Issue 2 was held to be inappropriate and required no
consideration.[note: 5]

13 As for the second question (_ie_ , part (b)) in Issue 2, the Arbitrator
ruled that on a true interpretation of the SPA including Clauses 3.1.8 and 11,
MA could claim as damages recurring costs set out in paragraphs 64(iii) and 82
of the SOC-3.[note: 6]

14 On the first question (_ie_ , part (a)) in Issue 3, the question raised an
issue that was not put to the Arbitrator. As such, it need not be answered by
the Arbitrator.[note: 7]

15 As for the second question (_ie_ , part (b)) in Issue 3, the Arbitrator
ruled that MA was entitled to make its claim as pleaded in paragraphs 55,
64(iii), 73, 78 and 82 of the SOC-3.[note: 8]

(D) APPLICATION FOR LEAVE TO APPEAL

16 By Originating Summons No 1679 of 2007 (“OS 1679/2007”), HL applied for
leave to appeal against the Decision under s 49 of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10
Rev Ed 2002). In summary, the main complaint in OS 1679/2007 relates to the
interpretation of the SPA and the applicable measure of damages for the
alleged breach of warranties in the SPA. HL complained that the Arbitrator
made an error of law, the consequence of which permitted MA to seek (a)
damages which had been excluded by the SPA; (b) damages for loss which MA has
not suffered and has not even claimed to have suffered; and (c) damages that
do not naturally and directly flow from the alleged breaches in question.

17 Philip Pillai J granted leave to appeal against the Decision on 17
September 2010 (“2010 September Order”). MA then sought leave to appeal
against the 2010 September Order on 24 September 2010. Pillai J dismissed MA’s
application on 14 February 2011.

(E) THE APPEAL

18 The questions of law for which HL was given leave to appeal by the 2010
September Order are stated as grounds (a), (b) and (c) in OS 1679/2007, and
they are, essentially, the same as the three questions put to the Arbitrator
for summary determination (see [9] above). In this Judgment, I will set out
the key issues in this appeal and the arguments raised by counsel on both
sides. The analysis and discussion will enable me to answer the three issues
(see [9] above) stated as grounds (a), (b) and (c) which I will do at the end
of this Judgment.

Issues

19 After considering the arguments raised by both sides, this appeal can be
effectively disposed of by addressing two main issues:

(a) Issue A: Whether the “final and binding” nature of the Completion
Statement has the effect of precluding MA’s claim for expectation loss based
on diminution in value?

(b) Issue B: Whether the Arbitrator erred in not rejecting MA’s formula based
on recurring costs multiplied by 7 to recover expectation damages by reference
to diminution in value?

20 As I alluded to earlier, a decision on these two main issues will allow me
to answer grounds (a), (b) and (c) in OS 1679/2007.

Issue A: Whether the “final and binding” nature of the Completion Statement
has the effect of precluding MA’s claim for expectation loss based on
diminution in value?

21 The primary disagreement, and hence the question that emerged from the
arguments advanced by both sides is whether the “final and binding” nature of
the Completion Statement is effective to preclude MA’s claim for expectation
loss based on diminution in value, and thereby limit the remedy for breach of
warranty to damages based on a cost of cure measure only. This concise
question better reflects the primary disagreement and also takes into account
what was accepted to be the common ground between the parties that (a) the
Completion Statement was not challenged for fraud or manifest error; (b) MA
was not seeking to re-open, so to speak, the binding Completion Statement, and
(c) there was no warranty as to EBITDA.

**_HL’s Arguments_**

22 HL objects to MA’s Warranty Claims amounting to approximately
S$30,993,960.18 as claims for overpayment dressed up as Warranty Claims. It
argued that such a claim was contrary to the terms of the SPA, specifically in
light of Schedule 2 of the SPA (which provided for the calculation and final
and binding nature of the Completion Statement) and in view of the fact that
no warranty was given on the valuation of the Business.**[note: 9]** Notably,
HL had not given a warranty on EBITDA. As the binding nature of the Completion
Statement “locks in the EBITDA”, HL argued that “the parties [were] precluded
from subsequently arguing that the EBITDA was too high or too low for the
purposes of quantifying damages”.**[note: 10]** In other words, MA cannot
challenge the original EBITDA by re-calculating and deriving a notional EBITDA
to quantify its loss because of the binding effect of the Completion
Statement. Therefore, MA’s claim is indefensible because it seeks “the
difference between the Purchase Consideration and a recalculated Purchase
Consideration based on the notionally lower EBITDA”.[note: 11]

23 Notwithstanding the alleged breaches of warranties, HL argued that MA still
cannot claim for expectation damages for breach of warranties for the very
reason that the original EBITDA would have to be challenged in deriving a new
notional EBITDA to claim the difference between the Purchase Consideration and
a recalculated Purchase Consideration based on a notionally lower EBITDA. It
follows from HL’s arguments outlined in [22] above, MA’s only remedy for
breach of warranty is damages based on cost of cure. Alternatively, MA can
claim an indemnity but only for actual liability resulting from the breach. HL
emphasised that since major customers like Seagate and Maxtor have not made
any claims, MA has not suffered any loss. However, HL also submitted that if
MA wanted to claim damages on a loss of bargain measure, it would have to
plead and prove the difference between the value of the business it had
bargained for and the value of the business it had actually received. This
appears to be HL’s concession that MA can claim damages on a loss of bargain
measure, provided MA can prove its loss.[note: 12]

24 HL submitted that the Decision is bad in law because the Arbitrator had
erroneously departed from the general principles governing the law of damages.
By the Decision, MA was allowed to calculate damages by reference to
“recurring costs” multiplied by 7 (_ie_ , MA’s Formula). This is not a proper
way to quantify damages as the claim for “recurring costs” as pleaded is a
claim for loss that does not directly and naturally result from the particular
warranty breached. If a breach of warranty is alleged, MA has to prove the
breach as well as observe the following principles: that (a) damages must be
calculated with reasonable certainty and not be speculative; and (b) damages
must flow from the breach and be reasonably foreseeable.

**_MA’s Arguments_**

25 MA argued that it paid the Purchase Consideration for a business that was
supposedly conducted and operated in compliance with the warranties given in
the SPA, and because of the breaches, the Business that MA acquired was worth
less than the price paid under the SPA. Some of the warranties relate to HL’s
failure to comply with major customers’ requirements. Others relate to costs
that should have been incurred by the Business, and these costs would have had
the effect of reducing the earnings and, therefore, the EBITDA of the
Business.[note: 13] For example, if HL had complied with the contractual
requirements of the Seagate and Maxtor contracts (as warranted in Clause 8.1
of Schedule 4 of the SPA), it would have to discard destructively tested or
contaminated part or parts of defective FIPG instead of reworking them. This
would have given rise to additional operating costs over the financial year
ended 30 June 2004 (“FY 2003/2004”). The additional operating costs would be
recurring costs that would give rise to a notional difference in the EBITDA.

26 MA is seeking damages for diminution in value and not on a cost of cure
measure. MA has a different interpretation of the binding nature of the
Completion Statement, and it maintains that it is not prevented by the terms
of the SPA from pursuing its Warranty Claims and seeking damages in contract
on a loss of bargain basis. The usual method to calculate damages
corresponding with a diminution in value arising from a breach of warranty is
the difference between the value of the business as warranted and its actual
value, according to its true state as at the date of the transaction. MA
disagrees with HL that it cannot recalculate the actual value of the business
by reference to a new notional EBITDA. By applying recurring costs multiplied
by 7 (_ie_ using MA’s Formula to derive the diminution in value resulting from
the breaches of warranties), MA argues that it would be put in the same
position it would have been had the warranties which these breaches relate to
been true.

**_Arbitrator’s Reasons_**

27 I now turn to the Arbitrator’s narrative of Schedule 2 of the SPA which
sets out how the Purchase Consideration was to be calculated. The Arbitrator
went through Schedule 2 to put the “final and binding” nature of the
Completion Statement in its proper context. Briefly, the Purchase
Consideration was based on the Completion Statement prepared in accordance
with Schedule 2 of the SPA. A main component of the Purchase Consideration was
the EBITDA. MA’s accountants evaluated the EBITDA consistent with HL’s audited
accounts for the financial year ended on 30 June 2004. MA’s accountants then
prepared an Initial Statement specifying the Purchase Consideration and the
value of each component of the Purchase Consideration including the EBITDA.
The Initial Statement would constitute the Completion Statement if the Initial
Statement was accepted by the parties.[note: 14] (The text of paragraph 8 of
Schedule 2 is set out in [37] below).

28 The Arbitrator explained the function of the Completion Statement at
paragraphs 30 and 31 of his Decision. The Purchase Consideration was only
arrived at after the Completion Statement was prepared according to the
procedure or mechanism provided in Schedule 2\. The Completion Statement was
thus accepted to be final and binding (in the absence of fraud or manifest
error) only for the purpose of establishing the Purchase Consideration.

29 I now come to the Purchase Consideration. The formula for the Purchase
Consideration can be put as follows:

(EBITDA) x 7 +/- (adjustments pursuant to Clause 4 of the SPA)

30 In this case, EBITDA stands for Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation
and Amortisation for the financial year ended 30 June 2004 (_ie_ , FY
2003/2004).

31 The Arbitrator noted that MA was not seeking to impugn the Completion
Statement which he accepted was clearly binding and final between the parties.
Contrary to HL’s contention, the Arbitrator also ruled that MA was not seeking
to recover any part of the Purchase Consideration. He ruled that MA was not
precluded by the binding nature of the Completion Statement to seek damages
for breach of warranties. The Arbitrator was mindful that if MA succeeded in
its claim for damages for breach of warranty, the true character of the remedy
would not be lost or affected simply because the outcome turned out to be
similar as obtaining damages by way of a reduction in the Purchase
Consideration. He stated at paragraph 49 of the Decision:

In my opinion, [MA] claims as averred or formulated in the [SOC-3] are for
damages of breaches of warranties and not a claim for recovery of part of the
Purchase Price. Such claims, if successful, could or would, in effect, result
in or amount to a reduction of the Purchase Consideration. This, however, does
not affect the true nature of the claims.

32 As such, the Arbitrator found that the first question (_ie_ , part (a)) in
Issue 1 as framed was “much too broad”, and inappropriate given MA’s pleaded
case was for damages for breach of warranties under Clause 6 and Schedule 4 of
the SPA and not for recovery of any part of the Purchase Consideration.[note:
15]

33 Having concluded that MA was claiming for breach of warranty, the
Arbitrator ruled in answer to the second question (_ie_ , part (b)) in Issue 1
that MA was not precluded by paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 of the SPA from (a)
recovering damages for breach of warranties,[note: 16] and (b) putting forward
a formula based on recurring costs multiplied by 7 as a method of calculating
damages for breach of warranty. I will discuss (b) in this Judgment (see Issue
B of this appeal).

34 As this Judgment will show, the Arbitrator proceeded (and rightly so) on
the understanding that there are several ways in which a claimant can be
compensated for his loss, and it was really for a claimant like MA to choose
whichever form of compensation it felt was most appropriate to its case. It is
at the hearing of the merits that MA would then be put to proof of the breach
of warranties as alleged and the resulting loss suffered.[note: 17] The
Arbitrator appreciated that the issues of breach and quantification of damages
was largely a factual dispute with the legal result (_ie_ , whether MA’s claim
would eventually succeed) turning on these factual issues. Since the arguments
put before the Arbitrator were framed as questions purely on construction of
the SPA, the Arbitrator was not obliged to enter into the merits of the
Warranty Claims as averred or formulated in the SOC-3[note: 18], or decide on
whether the Warranty Claims were “valid, sound or sustainable”.[note: 19] In
this regard, the Arbitrator emphasised at various paragraphs in the Decision
that whether MA could ultimately succeed in its Warranty Claims for damages
was not an issue for determination before him. In deciding that MA was not
precluded from claiming loss of bargain based on diminution in value of the
Business, the Arbitrator did not decide whether MA’s case as pleaded by MA
would capture the true diminution in value arising from the breach of
warranties. In the circumstances, criticisms that the Arbitrator had not
considered the nature of the warranties allegedly breached, and the
consequences of the breaches that HL should be legally responsible for were,
in my view, unfounded, unwarranted and unfair.

**_Discussion_**

35 In this section, I will examine the meaning of “final and binding” in the
context of the Completion Statement to determine what MA is really precluded
from challenging. I will also set out the general rule that requires
expression of clear words to limit legally recognised remedies, and in light
of this rule, consider whether the words in paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 are
clear to limit remedies for breach of warranty to which MA is entitled, if
any, to only cost of cure or an indemnity for actual loss, which is not a
remedy that MA seeks. In doing so, the reasons why I disagreed with HL’s
contentions and concluded that the Arbitrator had not erred in this case are
set out.

(i) _Meaning of “final and binding” in the context of the Completion
Statement_

36 I now examine the meaning of “final and binding” in the context of the
Completion Statement to determine what MA is really precluded from
challenging. In this analysis, the purpose of the Completion Statement will be
scrutinised.

37 It is apposite at this point to set out in more detail the mechanism in
Schedule 2 of the SPA used to derive the Purchase Consideration. The mechanism
was succinctly explained by the Arbitrator,[note: 20] whose summary I
gratefully adopt with modifications:

(a) MA’s accountants were to prepare an Initial Statement specifying the
components of the Purchase Consideration and the values of each component with
adjustments, including EBITDA (Schedule 2, paragraph 1 of the SPA);

(b) HL was to provide MA with the documents and records required to prepare
the Initial Statement (Schedule 2, paragraph 4 of the SPA);

(c) MA’s accountants evaluated the EBITDA according to HL’s audited accounts
for the financial year ended 30 June 2004 (_ie_ , FY 2003/2004) (Schedule 2,
paragraph 2 of the SPA);

(d) MA’s accountants were to submit to HL the Initial Statement and a report
stating whether the Initial Statement had been prepared in accordance with
paragraphs 1 and 2 of Schedule 2 of the SPA. HL would then have to notify MA
whether it agreed with the Initial Statement within 15 days of receipt of the
report and Initial Statement. If HL agreed or failed to notify MA of its
objections within the stipulated time, the Initial Statement would constitute
the Completion Statement (Schedule 2, paragraph 5(i) of the SPA).

(e) If HL notified MA that it disagreed with the Initial Statement within the
stipulated time, and the parties are not able to resolve their disputes on the
Initial Statement within a further 15 days after HL’s notification, a partner
of a firm of certified public accountants may be appointed as an Expert
(Schedule 2, paragraphs 5(ii) and 6 of the SPA). The Expert would resolve the
dispute in accordance with Schedule 2, paragraph 7 of the SPA.

(f) The Initial Statement would constitute the Completion Statement if the
Initial Statement was accepted by the parties.[note: 21] Paragraph 8 of
Schedule 2 of the SPA reads:

The Initial Statement, adjusted in accordance with the agreement, if any,
between the [HL] and [MA] pursuant to [the decision of an appointed certified
accountant in] paragraph 6 above or (as the case may be) the decision of the
expert in accordance with paragraph 7 above shall constitute the Completion
Statement and shall, in the absence of fraud or manifest error be final and
binding on the parties.

38 MA’s case is that the Completion Statement is only binding where there has
been an adjustment or third party determination of a dispute on the Initial
Statement.[note: 22] This narrow interpretation is untenable. First, paragraph
7.4 of Schedule 2 already provides that should the parties refer any
disagreement to the chosen Expert, “the decision of the Expert is, in the
absence of fraud or manifest error, final and binding on the parties”. The
parties have used the words “final and binding” in paragraph 7.4 with
reference to the situation where their dispute is decided by the Expert, and
not the courts. If the meaning of paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 is simply to limit
the binding and final nature of the Completion Statement to cases where the
parties refer their dispute to the Expert, this would render paragraph 7.4
redundant. Second, to limit the meaning of paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 to cases
where the parties dispute and later agree to the Initial Statement would not
be in line with the objective intentions of the parties. The Completion
Statement should be regarded as binding so long as the parties did not object
or resolved any disputes on the Initial Statement within the specified time.
In fact, the wording of paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 envisages three situations
in which the Initial Statement “shall constitute the Completion Statement”.
They are: (a) if the Initial Statement is agreed or not objected to within the
time stipulated in paragraph 5(i); (b) if the Initial Statement is adjusted by
agreement within the time stipulated in paragraph 6; and (c) if the Initial
Statement is determined by the Expert pursuant to paragraph 7.

39 The Completion Statement is simply a process (or as the Arbitrator
described, a “mechanism or procedure”[note: 23]) provided in the contract to
allow parties to settle on a price. The EBITDA and correspondingly the
Completion Statement and Purchase Consideration were accepted as the basis on
which MA had to complete the purchase. Paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 simply
ensures that the parties are bound to agree within a specified time on the
purchase price to complete the transaction successfully (see Andrew Stilton,
_Sale of Shares and Businesses: Law, Practice and Agreements_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 3rd Ed, 2011) at para 12.4.1 (“ _Andrew Stilton_ ”); and generally
the observations in _EXAPL Limited v Pact Group (NZ) Limited_ [2011] NZHC 1815
at [10]).

40 After the time stipulated for completion lapses, MA simply loses its right
to rescind or terminate for any breach of warranty (see Clauses 7.1 and 7.2 of
the SPA). Notably, the SPA contemplates other forms of monetary remedies for
breach of the SPA. In my view, the “final and binding” nature of the
Completion Statement does not exclude or restrict remedies for breach of
warranty.

(ii) _No clear wording to exclude or restrict remedies_

41 As a general rule, the law requires clear words be used in the contract to
exclude or restrict remedies (_Singapore Telecommunications Ltd v Starhub
Cable Vision Ltd_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 195 at [52]). In my view, the wording of
paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 falls short of this threshold requirement. As a
matter of construction, the meaning of “final and binding” in the context of
the Completion Statement is limited in scope and does not have the effect of
precluding MA from claiming expectation damages for breach of warranties.
Considerably clearer words would have to be used before it can be concluded
that MA had relinquished its right to claim damages based on diminution in
value.

42 As this court is dealing with a commercial document, the SPA and in
particular, paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 has to be construed so as to give it a
commercial and reasonable operation. It would not make commercial sense for HL
to give warranties in the SPA if MA could have no recourse at all in the event
of breach. It should also be noted that Clause 8.4.3 of the SPA expressly
allows claims for breach of warranty (that presumably would give rise to a
diminution in value) provided notice is given of the breach before 30
September 2006. Again, by Clauses 6.1 to 6.3, HL acknowledges that MA in
entering the SPA relies on the warranties given in the SPA, and that the
warranties continue to be true and accurate right through to completion of the
transaction. Claims for breach of warranty would undoubtedly take the form of
damages subject to Clauses 8.2 and 8.3 which set the minimum and maximum
amount of damages in respect of HL’s liability for breach of warranty.

43 This principle that clear words in the contract are needed to exclude or
restrict remedies is illustrated in the case of _Dixons Group plc v Murray-
Obodynski_ _and others_ [2000] 1 BCLC 1 (“ _Dixons_ ”). In that case, the
buyer, Dixons Group, had agreed to purchase a majority of the issued shares
from various vendors. The vendors had given warranties that: (a) the value of
the net assets shown in the completion balance sheet would not be less than
nil (clause 7.2); and (b) the gross margin on sales in the period from the
last accounts date to completion would not be less than 16% (clause 7.6). The
agreement also limited the vendors’ liability in respect of any breach of
warranty to the extent that “provision or reserve in respect thereof [had]
been made in the completion accounts” (clause 7.9.3). Dixons Group claimed
that the vendors were in breach of the net asset warranty (clause 7.2) and the
gross margin warranty (clause 7.6) as the completion accounts showed a
negative value for the net assets and a gross sales margin of only 14.8%.
Dixons Group claimed damages amounting to “the difference between the value of
the business based on the warranted gross margin and the actual value of the
business”. The vendors resisted the claim by relying on clause 7.9.3 which the
appellate court agreed was a form of exclusion clause. The vendors claimed
that their liability for breaches of both warranties was reduced to nil
because the completion accounts carried a provision for obsolete and returned
stock. When the provision of obsolete and returned stock was added back, the
gross margin and the net asset value were increased to the extent that the
warranties were no longer breached. Provision had thus been made in the
completion accounts for these breaches.

44 The focus was on the wording of clause 7.9.3 – _ie_ , whether it was
effective to reduce liability for any breach of warranty. The English Court of
Appeal in _Dixons_ held that it was for the vendors, who were relying on the
clause, to establish that the buyer’s claim was excluded and any ambiguity
would generally be resolved against the vendors. In particular, the provision
in question within the completion accounts was not in respect of the whole
subject matter of the warranty (_ie_ , the gross margin/net asset value) but
only in respect of one of the items (_ie_ , the stock) which contributed to
the calculation of gross margin/net asset value. The situation was
distinguishable from one where there was a stock warranty (and in this case,
there was none). If there was a stock warranty which was breached, a provision
for obsolete stock would have had the effect of reducing any liability to the
extent of such provision. The appellate court found that although it could be
said that a provision on stock would affect cost of sales which would in turn
affect the gross margin, it would be “a strained interpretation” to regard the
provision of stock as a provision of gross margin. Consequently, the appellate
court held that the vendors could not rely on clause 7.9.3 to limit their
liability for breach of the net asset value and gross margin warranties. The
absence of a warranty as to stock was sufficient indication that the parties
intended the warranties to relate to the position after any necessary
provision to the constituent elements of the net asset value and gross margin
had been made.

45 Another case that illustrates the same general principle is _Thomas Witter
Ltd v TBP Industries Ltd_ [1996] 2 All ER 573 (_“Thomas Witter”_). Jacob J
held that a contractual term purporting to confine the parties’ agreement to
the terms of the contract had to make manifestly clear that the purchaser had
agreed only to have a remedy for breach of warranty and that liability for
pre-contractual misrepresentations are excluded. Jacob J’s comments at p 596
of the report are most apt, and I gratefully adopt what he said as it
accurately describes and summarises the case before me:

Unless it is manifestly made clear that a purchaser has agreed only to have a
remedy for breach of warranty I am not disposed to think that a contractual
term said to have this effect by a roundabout route does indeed do so. _In
other words, if a clause is said to have the effect of excluding or reducing
remedies for damaging untrue statements then the party seeking that protection
cannot be mealy-mouthed in his clause._ He must bring it home that he is
limiting his liability for the falsehoods he may have told. [emphasis added]

46 Accordingly, in the absence of clear express words, paragraph 8 of Schedule
2 does not without more have the effect of limiting MA’s remedies for breach
of warranty, if any, to damages on a cost of cure measure or an indemnity for
actual loss, which are not the kind of remedies that MA seeks. Consequently,
MA’s remedies for breach of warranty under the SPA are not limited. There is
no legal basis to limit MA to a cost of cure remedy or an indemnity for actual
loss. It is within MA’s rights to claim damages on a diminution in value
measure for breach of warranty.

47 HL concedes that MA is entitled to claim damages for breach of warranty so
long as MA does not quantify its claim for loss by reference to “inflation of
the purchase price”.[note: 24] However, MA’s claim for the difference between
the Purchase Consideration and a recalculated Purchase Consideration based on
a notionally lower EITDA is indefensible.[note: 25] HL reminded that MA cannot
make use of the figures in the Completion Statement to calculate damages on a
loss of bargain measure because there is no warranty on EBITDA. This fact
coupled with HL’s submissions on the binding nature of the Completion
Statement effectively means that the EBITDA in the Completion Statement is
immutable and “the parties are precluded from arguing that the EBITDA [is] too
high or too low for the purposes of quantifying damages”.[note: 26]

48 In support of HL’s point that MA’s claim in reality is for overpayment or
inflation of the Purchase Consideration, and not a claim for diminution in
value, HL stated that MA did not plead and prove the difference between the
value as warranted and the actual value in fact. In the circumstances, and
since it had not pleaded either value, MA is only entitled under the SPA to
claim cost of cure, and this is in the nature of one-off costs which MA has
claimed.[note: 27]

49 HL’s objection is really about the manner in which MA has calculated
damages for the diminution in value which HL maintains is consistent with an
overpayment claim.

50 I have already commented on the purpose of the Completion Statement, the
scope of paragraph 8 of Schedule 2 and concluded that it does not have the
binding effect argued for by HL (see [35]-[46] above). In my judgment, the
fact that no direct warranty was given on EBITDA also does not _ipso facto_
prevent MA from claiming diminution in value as a damages remedy for breach of
warranty. I make two short points now and will elaborate on the points in the
next section of this Judgment. First, with respect, HL has misunderstood MA’s
reliance on the contract price as the basis of the “value as warranted”. In my
view, MA can use the figures in the Completion Statement that made up the
Purchase Consideration as the best evidence to derive the value of the
Business as warranted. Second, any determination of the correctness or
otherwise of the two values (_ie_ , the value as warranted and the actual
value in fact) in order to work out the loss is a matter of valuation by the
experts. MA would have to adduce evidence at the hearing of the merits to show
that the breach of warranties would result in costs that would have a
permanent impairment to the value of the Business (_ie_ , affect earnings in
future periods), and the warranties in question would be “material” to a
“willing purchaser”.

51 For the purposes of this appeal, it is in my judgment appropriate to accept
MA’s reliance on the price as representing the value of the Business as
warranted on the footing that the amount agreed between a willing purchaser
and vendor is the _prima facie_ evidence of the market value. (HL has not
alleged that there is any disparity between the Purchase Consideration and the
value of the Business as warranted, they would be assumed to be factually the
same for this appeal.) I believe this was also the Arbitrator’s approach, and
this is acceptable for the determination of a preliminary issue of law. In
relation to the actual value in fact, MA put forward Ernst & Young’s report
dated 8 August 2007 (“Ernst & Young Report”) which identified and calculated
MA’s loss for breach of contract. I will deal with the Ernst & Young’s Report
as well as the issue whether MA’s Formula could capture the diminution in
value in Issue B of this Judgment.

**_Conclusion_**

52 For all the reasons given above (see [38] to [51]), the Arbitrator was not
wrong to conclude that neither the binding effect of the Completion Statement
nor the absence of a warranty as to EBITDA precluded MA from assessing loss
based on diminution in value. I have earlier stated that the Arbitrator was
mindful that if MA succeeded in its claim for damages for breach of warranty,
its true character would not be lost or affected simply because the monetary
outcome turned out to be similar as obtaining damages by way of reduction of
the purchase price. The Arbitrator also rightly pointed out that MA’s recovery
of loss of bargain damages must be tied to its ability to prove breach of
warranty and resulting loss on the hearing of the merits. Therefore, at this
early stage, and for the sake of argument, if MA succeeds in proving the
breaches of its Warranty Claims, MA could reasonably argue that loss of
bargain assessed by reference to a difference in value is appropriate.

Issue B: Whether the Arbitrator erred in not rejecting MA’s formula based on
“recurring costs multiplied by 7” to recover expectation damages by reference
to diminution in value.

**_General_**

53 It is trite law that damages for breach of a warranty in a contract are to
be assessed on the basis of what would be required to put a claimant into the
position he would have been in had the contractual promise been fulfilled or
had the warranty been true. This is sometimes called the expectation loss
basis. Expectation loss is also known as loss of bargain. A party that suffers
a breach of warranty is hence entitled to claim damages for loss of bargain.

54 It is also not controversial that damages for loss of bargain is calculated
or assessed in two ways: either with reference to diminution in value, (_ie_ ,
by taking the market value of the business as warranted and deducting the
actual value of the business) or the cost incurred to achieve the performance
as promised (_ie_ , the cost of cure or reinstatement). As I previously
stated, MA is not claiming cost of cure but diminution in value as a result of
the breach.

55 As to whether MA’s Formula - recurring costs multiplied by 7 to recover
expectation damages by reference to diminution in value - is contrary to legal
principles, it is a matter that will have to be examined and tested at the
hearing of the merits where evidence will be led one way or the other to
determine if “recurring cost multiplied by 7 “is an appropriate way to arrive
at the difference between the value of the Business as warranted and the
actual value of the Business according to its true state as at the date of the
transaction.

56 The case of _Devji_ _Gorecia, Mukta_ _Gorecia, AG Property Investments Ltd
v Zahir_ _Somani, Hanif_ _Somani, Pearl Hotel Holdings Limited, Pearl Hotels
(Gatwick) Limited, Gatwick Worth Hotel Limited_ [2008] EWHC 2970 (QB) (“
_Gorecia_ ”) demonstrates that the time to adduce evidence of values is at the
trial of the merits. In that case, the sellers of a hotel gave a warranty that
as far as they were aware, “there [was] no fact or matter not disclosed in
writing to the Purchaser... which [would render any information which has been
disclosed in writing] untrue or misleading” (_Gorecia_ at [5]). The buyer sued
the sellers for failing to disclose the fact that the hotel’s membership with
the Best Western Hotels consortium was under serious threat of termination
(_Gorecia_ at [9]). The court found that there was indeed a breach of
warranty, and damages were to be calculated on the difference in the value of
the hotel as warranted (that is, with no threat to its membership of the Best
Western Hotels consortium) and the actual value of the hotel on that date
(with actual threat to its membership). The parties agreed that the most
appropriate manner of assessing this difference between the warranted and
actual value was by assessing the value of the hotel’s membership and
discounting that value, given that it was only a threat and not actual
termination (_Gorecia_ at [49] to [50]). The assessment of the difference in
value was done at the hearing of the merits of the case.

57 Similarly, in _Mediservice Clinics Pty Ltd and Anor v Health 24 Pty Ltd as
trustee of the Cenrin Unit Trust and Anor_ (1996) NSW Lexis 3721, the buyer
bought over the seller’s premises which were subject to tenancy. The seller
warranted to the buyer of the business that the financial performance of the
business as particularised in two annexures “was not affected by any unusual
or non-recurring items”. The premises were in fact let at a rate of A$60,000
per annum, which was much higher than the commercial rate of A$10,000 per
annum. The tenancy was subsequently lost, and the buyer sued the seller for
breach of warranty. It was agreed that the discounted cash flow method was the
most appropriate way of calculating damages (page 3 of Lexis printout).
Damages were thus calculated on the difference between the present value of a
lease yielding A$60,000 per annum as a usual and recurring amount, and the
much lower commercial value as a usual and recurring amount (page 18 of Lexis
printout).

58 These two cases illustrate that the time to assess the factual viability of
MA’s method of proving its loss is at a hearing of the merits rather than in
this appeal.

59 To summarise, at the hearing of the merits, MA must, _inter alia_ , adduce
evidence of the following two values:

(a) Evidence of the value of the Business as warranted and this may or may not
equate factually with the purchase price _._ At times, the price may be the
best evidence of the value as warranted, or it may be taken as evidence of
value where it is otherwise difficult to assess.

(b) Evidence of the actual value according to its true state as at the date of
the transaction. This may involve a revised assessment of the value of the
business factoring in the true facts.

60 MA will also have to prove through a damage analysis that those costs that
arose as a result of the warranties breached would have had a permanent
impairment to the value of the Business (_ie_ , affect earnings in future
periods), and the warranties would be “material” to a “willing purchaser”.
There is one other related point: the fact that the buyer has sold the
Business does not necessarily detract from the fact that shortcomings existed
and that they would have an impact on earnings to satisfy customers’
requirements. At the hearing of the merits, the Arbitrator will also have to
decide if anything turns on the fact that MA has since sold the Business.

61 For the purposes of this appeal, the real issue is whether the Arbitrator
in not rejecting MA’s Formula based on recurring costs multiplied by 7 was
satisfied that the MA Formula is one way of capturing the diminution in value
arising from the alleged breaches.

**_MA’s approach to assessing diminution in value_**

62 The Arbitrator was satisfied that MA’s Warranty Claims were made pursuant
to the SPA which contained contractual assurances. He was also satisfied that
MA is seeking damages for breach of warranties to be assessed on a contractual
basis. The Arbitrator also noted that the SPA was completed by MA in reliance
of the warranties given by HL, and that MA’s claim for loss of bargain is the
“difference between the purchase price [MA] had paid (on the basis that the
warranties [were] true) and the price representing the true value of the
[Business] with the warranties having been established as being untrue”.[note:
28] At paragraph 45, the Arbitrator said:[note: 29]

[MA] paid the Purchase Consideration which included EBITDA multiplied by 7,
and this was paid in reliance of the warranties being true and correct. As it
turned out, several warranties are not true and correct (so [MA] claims). [MA]
has therefore suffered a loss of bargain and this loss is based on the
expenses incurred in making good the warranties and such expenses have the
effect of lowering the EBITDA multiplied by 7. In other words, [MA] is seeking
damages based on the same formula as that used in calculating the Purchase
Consideration with a reduced EBITDA which was occasioned by the breaches of
warranties.

63 I have several comments to make on paragraph 45 of the Decision. First, it
must be remembered that MA’s claim for damages for breach of warranties
comprises (a) one-off costs and (b) recurring costs, but the Arbitrator was
only concerned with item (b) recurring costs which is the second component of
MA’s claim. Second, the Arbitrator understood MA’s loss of bargain to be based
on “expenses incurred in making good the warranties ... multiplied by 7”. This
statement, which is derived from the definition of “recurring costs” in
paragraph 24(b) of the SOC-3, gives the impression that MA’s damages for loss
of bargain are equivalent to “recurring costs x 7”. I agree with HL that MA’s
definition of “recurring costs” in paragraph 24(b) of the SOC-3 (see [6]
above) is easily misunderstood as it has combined two separate notions – the
multiplier and recurring costs - under one definition. On one hand, “recurring
costs” are those expenses that have the effect of increasing operating costs
of the business and thus have a permanent effect on earnings in future
periods. On the other hand, the multiplier is to determine value by adopting
the same valuation methodology used by the parties in the SPA. MA ought to
have explained that it was seeking to demonstrate by adopting the same
valuation methodology as the Purchase Consideration the actual value it would
have placed on the Business had it known of the breach of warranties before
completion. Third, even though the calculations in Ernst & Young’s Report were
based on 2005 figures, it is for MA to prove at the hearing of the merits that
they are a good approximation of the costs that would have been incurred by HL
in FY 2003/2004 if there were no breach of warranty.

64 When dealing with a claim relating to value as warranted, it can be
presumed (unless the contrary is shown) that the business as warranted will be
based upon the price. In this case, MA is not challenging the EBITDA in the
Completion Statement, _viz_ that it was in fact the EBITDA derived from HL’s
accounts. MA is making use of the information in the Completion Statement to
equate the price paid as _prima facie_ representing the value of the Business
as warranted on the footing that the amount agreed between a willing purchaser
and vendor is the best evidence of the market value. Before the Arbitrator,
this very assumption was used.[note: 30]

65 As for the actual value of the Business at the time of the transaction, MA
put forward Ernst & Young’s Report. To make sense of MA’s case, one has to
read MA as suggesting that the difference in the value of the Business as
warranted and the actual value in fact is equivalent to “recurring costs x 7”.
At this point, it may be apt to observe once again that “recurring costs” is
an unfortunate expression as it can be confused with cost of cure which is not
MA’s claim. From the Ernst & Young Report, MA seeks to identify and quantify
its loss by applying the multiple of 7 to the shortfall in the EBITDA. By
applying MA’s Formula, MA is also seeking to demonstrate by adopting the same
valuation methodology as the Purchase Consideration the actual value it would
have placed on the Business had it known of the breach of warranties before
completion. In this way, the loss of bargain arising from breach of warranties
is derived from a comparison of the Completion Statement and evidence of
actual value of the Business in fact.

66 I propose to use of the same figures in Ernst & Young’s Report to explain
arithmetically that the result of MA’s Formula is the same as the difference
between the value as warranted and the actual value in fact. The workings are
set out on the next full page. From the workings, the actual value is found by
adopting the same valuation methodology actually used by the parties which
will have to be applied to the factual evidence adduced at the merits hearing.

_Computation of actual value of the Business_ |  $  
---|---  
EBITDA for FY ended 30 June 2004 per  
Completion Statement |  63,044,023  
Less adjustments for recurring costs due to breach of warranties  
Annualised recurring costs per Ernst & Young |   
Report dated 8 August 2007: |  $27,367,248 ÷7 = |  3,909,606.85  
|  \------------------  
Revised EBITDA |  59,134,416.15  
|  ===========  
Actual Value of the Business  
|  $  
Revised EBITDA x 7 = $59,134,416.15 x 7 |  413,940,913  
Less |   
One-off costs as per Ernst & Young Report |  3,626,712  
|  \---------------  
Actual Value of the Business |  410,314,201  
|  ==========  
_Computation of Loss of Bargain resulting from breaches of warranties_  
|  $  
Value as warranted |  441,308,161  
Actual Value of Business |  410,314,201  
|  \----------------  
Damages for Loss of Bargain |  30,993,960  
|  ==========  
  
  

67 In _Andrew Stilton_ , the author explained how a formula similar to MA’s
Formula may be used to calculate the diminution in value of the Business
(_Andrew Stilton_ at para 10.1.1, p 163):

_It may be more difficult to determine the market value with the warranty
breached and this is likely to depend upon the basis on which the parties
arrived at the purchase price... [If] the purchase price had been determined
by reference to the company’s profits (for example, on a multiple (a
price/earnings multiple) of five times the profits for the previous financial
year), then if [a] plant in question [the company warranted it owned, but
which was actually on lease] were repossessed by the finance company but its
absence did not affect the company’s capacity to earn profits, its value may
be unaffected. If, however the buyer found that the company had to pay £20,000
per year in leasing payments if it wished to continue to use the plant, the
reduction in the company’s value may well be five times the amount by which
the company’s earnings are reduced, i.e. £100,000_. [emphasis added]

68 In _Senate Electrical Wholesalers Ltd v Alcatel Submarine Networks Ltd
(formerly STC Submarine Systems Ltd)_ [1999] 2 Lloyd Rep 423 (“ _Senate_ ”),
the claimant’s approach was to assess the damages by applying a price/earnings
ratio of 13.67 derived from the actual transaction as a multiplier to the
difference between the warranted profit and the actual profit. Although this
approach was rejected on the facts of the case, Stuart-Smith LJ observed that
such an approach may be appropriate where the purchase price had been arrived
in the same way (that is, by multiplying a price/earnings ratio with the
profits). In that case, the claimant’s approach was rejected because there
were so many other factors apart from the earnings which had induced the buyer
to pay the price it did. Similarly, in _Club Hotels Operations Pty Limited v
CHG Australia Pty Limited_ [2005] NSWSC 998, the claimant’s damages case
failed because the basis for determining the price for the hotel businesses
was not the same as each party had conducted their negotiations on different
principles in mind.

69 MA is adopting the same methodology used to calculate the Purchase
Consideration to quantify its loss, relying on the _dicta_ in _Senate_ and
explained in my workings above (at [66] above). Put another way, MA’s case on
damages is very much dependent on the basis on which the Business was bought.
Difficulties may (depending on the facts) arise with MA’s approach, but they
are nevertheless factual in nature and ultimately, the Arbitrator will have to
make a finding on the sustainability of MA’s Formula at the hearing of the
merits.

70 At the hearing of the summary determination of the specific issues before
the Arbitrator, the latter was only in the position to state the general
principles concerning the assessment of awards of damages for breach of
contract. Assessment of damages is a fact-sensitive exercise, and the decision
maker’s task is to render an award of damages that best reflects the nature
and value of the party’s loss. A case that comes to mind as an illustration is
_Lion Nathan Ltd v CC Bottlers_ _Ltd_ [1996] 1 WLR 1438 (“ _Lion Nathan_ ”)
where the Privy Council had to find in _Lion Nathan_ an appropriate measure
where the warranty is not as to whether the company had a specified level of
profits but whether reasonable care has been exercised in producing a profit
forecast. The Privy Council said that the _prima facie_ rule for breach of a
warranty of quality of goods cannot be applied to a warranty to take
reasonable care. To find an appropriate measure of damages rule the court
returned to the general principle of which the _prima facie_ rule for quality
is one example, namely that damages for breach of contract are intended to put
the plaintiff in the position in which he would have been if the defendant had
complied with the terms of the contract. The court hearing the merits is thus
tasked with ensuring that the award of damages represents, as far as possible,
the true value of the party’s loss. Similarly, whether MA’s Formula best
reflects its loss would have to be determined on the factual evidence adduced
during a hearing on the merits, and its claim should not be _ipso facto_
dismissed at this stage.

71 I would also add that although the principles governing the award of
damages for breach of contract are trite, difficulties often arise when it
comes to application of the principles to the facts. Very often, claimants may
find it difficult to put forward a formula that accurately captures their loss
(as recognised by Jacob J in _Thomas Witter_). However, any difficulty in
assessing the amount of damages should not preclude a claimant from receiving
damages as a matter of principle. In most cases, the courts will attempt to
find the most appropriate measure. Harvey McGregor in _McGregor on Damages_
(Sweet & Maxwell, 18th Ed, 2009) thus noted at para 8-002 that:

... [W]here it is clear that some substantial loss has been incurred, the fact
that an assessment is difficult because of the nature of the damage is no
reason for awarding no damages or merely nominal damages. As Vaughan Williams
L.J. put it in Chaplin v Hicks, the leading case on the issue of certainty:
"The fact that damages cannot be assessed with certainty does not relieve the
wrongdoer of the necessity of paying damages." Indeed if absolute certainty
were required as to the precise amount of loss that the claimant had suffered,
no damages would be recovered at all in the great number of cases. This is
particularly true since so much of damages claimed are in respect of
prospective, and therefore necessarily contingent, loss. Of course, as Devlin
J. said in Biggin v Permanite [(at 438)]: **_[W]here precise evidence is
obtainable, the court naturally expects to have it. Where it is not, the court
must do the best it can._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

72 These principles have been affirmed in _Yip Holdings Pte Ltd v Asia Link
Marine Industries Pte Ltd_ [2012] 1 SLR 131 at [15] and _Robertson Quay
Investment Pte Ltd v Steen Consultants Pte Ltd_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 623 at
[27]-[28] and [30]-[31].

73 Even if compensatory damages have not been proven to a satisfactory degree
– for instance, where the court is not in a position to determine the value of
the loss in a principled way because of the lack of evidence – nominal damages
would be awarded.

74 In the premises, for the reasons given above, contrary to HL’s contention,
MA’s damages claim is not based upon a misconceived approach to legal
principles. In my judgment, the Arbitrator was not wrong to accept MA’s
Formula for the purposes of the summary determination.

(F) RESULT

75 In terms of the issues on appeal, I would answer them as follows:

(1) The first question in Issue 1 is answered “yes”.

(2) The second question in Issue 1 is answered: The Arbitrator was right in
not rejecting, at the summary determination stage, MA’s proposal to use the
recurring costs as calculated by MA and pleaded in paragraphs 26(iii), 30(xi)
to (xiv), 55, 64(iii), 73, 78 and 82 of the SOC-3 multiplied by 7. MA’s
damages claim is not based upon a misconceived approach contrary to legal
principle. However, the confusion arose because MA presented its loss in a
“short cut” computation rather than illustrating the damages as the difference
in value of the Business as warranted and the actual value in fact (see [66]
above).

(3) The first question in Issue 2 is answered: Does not arise in this appeal.

(4) The second question in Issue 2 is answered: Same answer as (2) above.

(5) The first question in Issue 3 is answered: Does not arise in this appeal.

(6) The second question in Issue 3 is answered: Same answer as (2) above.

76 Accordingly, the appeal is dismissed with costs.

* * *

[note: 1]HL’s Core Bundle at p 17

[note: 2]SOC-3 at para 21

[note: 3]Arbitrator’s Decision at paras 36, 49 and 51

[note: 4]Arbitrator’s Decision at paras 52

[note: 5]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 60

[note: 6]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 61

[note: 7]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 67

[note: 8]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 72

[note: 9]HL’s Appellant’s Case at para 13

[note: 10]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at para 48(a)

[note: 11]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at para 7

[note: 12]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at para 90

[note: 13]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 19

[note: 14]HL’s Core Bundle at pp 49 & 50

[note: 15]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 51

[note: 16]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 52

[note: 17]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 36

[note: 18]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 50

[note: 19]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 52

[note: 20]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 28

[note: 21]HL’s Core Bundle at pp 49 & 50

[note: 22]MA’s Skeletal Submissions at pp 74-83

[note: 23]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 31

[note: 24]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at paras 10, 13 & 52

[note: 25]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at para 7

[note: 26]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at para 48(a)

[note: 27]HL’s Skeletal Submissions at para 90

[note: 28]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 36

[note: 29]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 45

[note: 30]Arbitrator’s Decision at para 36

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

