Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lam Chi Kin David _v_ Deutsche Bank AG  
[2012] SGHC 182

Case Number| :| Suit No 834 of 2008/Z (Registrar's Appeals No 140 of 2012/M
and No 142 of 2012/W)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 04 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Christopher Chong, Kelvin Teo and Jasmine Kok (MPillay)
for the plaintiff; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Paul Ong and Zhuo Wen Zhao (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Lam Chi Kin David — Deutsche Bank AG  
  
4 September 2012|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 Registrar’s Appeal No 140 of 2012 was the plaintiff’s appeal and Registrar’s
Appeal No 142 of 2012 was the defendant’s cross-appeal against the assessment
of damages conducted by an Assistant Registrar (“the AR”). I dismissed both
the appeal and the cross-appeal on their substantive merits. The only
variations I made to the AR’s decision were that I amended the currency of the
award from Singapore Dollars (“SGD”) to United States Dollars (“USD”) and I
ordered the pre-judgment interest award to commence from 13 October 2008
instead of 11 November 2008. Both the plaintiff and the defendant have
appealed to the Court of Appeal against my decision.

Background

2 The plaintiff, David Lam Chi Kin, was a private banking client of the
defendant, Deutsche Bank AG. The plaintiff had a Foreign Exchange (“FX”) GEM
Account (“the account”) with the defendant and he entered into FX contracts
with the defendant under a “Carry Trade Investment Strategy”, which involved
him arbitraging on the interest rate differentials between different
currencies.

3 In early October 2008, the FX rates moved against the plaintiff. The
defendant faxed the plaintiff a letter on 7 October 2008 and another on 8
October 2008 informing him that the account was in “negative equity”. On 10
October 2008, the defendant faxed the plaintiff a third letter informing him
that the collateral shortfall was in excess of USD5.46 million and requiring
him to take immediate steps to restore the shortfall in the collateral value
by 5.00 pm on the same day.

4 On 10 October 2008, the defendant’s relationship manager, one Cynthia Chin
Mei Lin (“Cynthia Chin”), made three telephone calls to the plaintiff. The
contents of each of the three telephone calls were set out in an earlier Court
of Appeal judgment in this case (see _Lam Chi Kin David v Deutsche Bank AG_
[2011] 1 SLR 800 (“the Court of Appeal Judgment”) at [11] and [12]):

11 The said letter was faxed to the [plaintiff] at about 11.15am (reflecting
the [plaintiff]’s collateral position with the [defendant] at around that
time). At 4.32pm, the [defendant]’s relationship manager, Ms Cynthia Chin Mei
Lin (“Ms Chin”) telephoned the [plaintiff]. During this conversation, Ms Chin
told the [plaintiff] that the [defendant] would not close out his account
immediately, but only that he should give a commitment to remit additional
funds (to his account) to cover the negative equity by 13 October 2008. Ms
Chin also estimated that the loss which the [defendant] would suffer if all of
his FX contracts were closed out on that day would be about USD1m.

12 At 5.06pm, Ms Chin telephoned the [plaintiff] and told him that she had no
authority to “sit on this one million” negative equity position overnight,
unless the [plaintiff] made a commitment to remit additional funds to his
account by 13 October 2008. During this conversation, the [plaintiff]
protested that the [defendant] had no right to ask for such a commitment as he
had been promised a 48-hour grace period (“the Grace Period”) for any margin
call by the [defendant]. Ms Chin acknowledged that such a promise had been
made, but replied that the [defendant] could close his account immediately if
it did not want to do business with him. The [plaintiff] refused to give the
commitment Ms Chin wanted because (as he later candidly admitted in his
evidence) he knew that he would not be able to honour the commitment by 13
October 2008 (because even if he had funds in other banks, he would not be
able to remit the funds as it needed two business days to do so: see [42]
below). At 7.19pm, the [plaintiff] informed Ms Chin that he was unable to
remit any money to cover the negative equity. He proposed to Ms Chin that his
FX positions be closed out partially on that day, and the rest on 13 October
2008 (which was the next business day for trading in the foreign exchange
market) to reduce his Total Exposure temporarily. At 7.53pm, Ms Chin
telephoned the [plaintiff] to inform him that his proposal had been rejected
and that the [defendant] would close out the various FX contracts in his
account.

5 One of the issues before the Court of Appeal was whether the defendant had
given a 48-hour grace period (“the Grace Period”) to the plaintiff and if so,
whether it was bound by it and therefore estopped from closing out the
plaintiff’s FX contracts until the expiry of the Grace Period. The Court of
Appeal Judgment (at [39]) stated that:

39 … In our view, the [plaintiff]’s refusal in this respect would not affect
his legal rights. If he was entitled to the Grace Period to respond to the 10
October 2008 letter, he was under no obligation to give the commitment that Ms
Chin required. Furthermore, the [plaintiff] had also explained why he could
not have fulfilled his commitment, even if he had the funds, as at least two
business days’ notice was required to transfer such funds. Indeed, in
retrospect, the [defendant]’s insistence on a commitment by the [plaintiff]
made little practical or commercial sense. The [plaintiff] could have easily
given a commitment without having any intention of honouring it in the
knowledge that he would not be able to do so since by 13 October 2008, as
explained by him (see [42] below), he could only effect transfer of funds from
another bank (assuming he had such funds) on two business days’ notice. Thus,
the commitment served no purpose whatever because the [defendant] would not
have been better off even if the [plaintiff] had given the commitment. The
[defendant] would not have gained anything from it. We do not see why the
[plaintiff]’s candour and honesty in this regard should prejudice his right to
insist on the Grace Period in order to provide additional collateral or to
reduce his Total Exposure. In fact, as we have stated earlier, the [plaintiff]
did the only thing that was feasible before the close of 10 October 2008 (_ie_
, to reduce his Total Exposure by closing out partially his FX positions, but
not to crystallise his Total Exposure by closing out all his FX positions on
that day). Indeed, for this reason, it is arguable that the [plaintiff] had
complied with the terms of the 10 October 2008 letter, but the [defendant] was
in breach of it by rejecting a partial closing out of his FX positions to
reduce his Total Exposure. The [defendant], in requesting additional security
by 5.00pm that day, was imposing a requirement that could not be fulfilled in
practical terms, and it had to resort to the excuse of a commitment to
crystallise the [plaintiff]’s Total Exposure instead of reducing it. As this
point was not argued, we do not need to rule on it. Nevertheless, we do find
the [defendant]’s conduct in this case rather surprising, given its own
acknowledgement that it had given the Grace Period to the [plaintiff].

6 As a result, the Court of Appeal found (at [48]) and ordered (at [49]) that:

**Summary of findings**

48 To summarise our findings:

…

(c)in any event, promissory estoppel was applicable to the [defendant]’s
promise of the Grace Period, and in consequence, **_the [defendant] was
estopped from resiling on its promise to allow the [plaintiff] the Grace
Period to respond to the 10 October 2008 letter_** ; and

(d)in _obiter_ , the promise of the Grace Period constituted a binding
undertaking by the [defendant] to give the [plaintiff] 48 hours to meet any
margin call, which varied the terms of the Master Agreement and the Service
Agreement accordingly.

**Conclusion**

49 For the above reasons, we allow the [plaintiff]’s appeal with costs here
and below, with the usual consequential orders. **_The [plaintiff] is entitled
to damages, if any, to be assessed by the Registrar on the basis that the
[defendant] was only entitled to close out his FX positions on 13 October 2008
at the earliest._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

The AR’s decision

7 Based on the findings of the Court of Appeal, the AR who assessed the
damages framed the pertinent issues as follows:

(a) When was the defendant entitled to close out the plaintiff’s positions?
(“Issue 1”)

(b) What orders would the plaintiff have placed with the defendant? (“Issue
2”)

(c) Would the defendant have placed those orders? (“Issue 3”)

Issue 1

8 On this issue, the AR found that two questions arose:

(a) whether the Grace Period included non-business days; and

(b) if not, whether there was any other reason why the defendant could not
close the plaintiff’s positions on 13 October 2008.

9 After hearing the parties’ arguments, the AR held that it was clear that the
plaintiff had considered the relevant circumstances in coming to his initial
conclusion that the Grace Period included both business and non-business days.
The plaintiff had not put forth any convincing arguments to the contrary. The
AR reasoned that there was nothing to prevent the defendant from exercising
its contractual right to close the plaintiff out on 13 October 2008.
Therefore, the AR held that the earliest time that the defendant was entitled
to close out the plaintiff’s positions is on 13 October 2008 at 12.00 noon.

Issue 2

10 Before the AR, the plaintiff argued that had he not been closed out
prematurely, he would have placed (a) certain Spot Orders; and (b) certain
Limit Orders with the defendant between 8.00 am and 8.59 am on 13 October 2008
and between 3.30 am and 4.00 am on 14 October 2008 respectively. The AR
summarized the plaintiff’s case at p 7 of his Grounds of Decision:

The Plaintiff’s case is that between 8 and 8.59 am on 13 October 2008, he
would have placed spot orders to convert half his NZD deposits to USD and half
of his JPY loans to USD (“the Spot Orders”). For the balance of his NZD
deposits and JPY loans, the Plaintiff claimed that he would have placed limit
orders to convert the NZD to USD at 50 points above the rate on which he
converted the earlier half of his NZD deposits and to repay his JPY loans when
the NZD hits this rate, which would have been hit between 3.30am and 4 am on
14 October 2008 (“the Limit Orders”) (collectively the “Alleged Orders”). He
asserted that he would have placed the Alleged Orders as he wanted to
voluntarily close out his positions and had “serious concerns” that the Bank
would close out his FX positions without giving him any time if his account
was in negative equity. In addition, he no longer trusted the Bank as Cynthia
Chin initially took 3 limit orders from him at 4.40pm on 10 October 2008 but
subsequently refused to execute the three orders and also refused to grant him
the grace period he was promised. He stated that he would have taken advantage
of the market movement in his favour at the first available opportunity, which
came between 8 and 8.59am on 13 October 2008.

11 On the issue of the Spot Orders, the AR held that the plaintiff’s assertion
of his strategy to close out part of his NZD deposits was not a new one, as
the Court of Appeal had found in the Court of Appeal Judgment (at [37]) that
the plaintiff was hopeful from his experience that the currency market would
turn in his favour after the G7 meeting and as it turned out (albeit with the
benefit of hindsight), the plaintiff was correct. The AR reasoned that since
the plaintiff had already manifested his intention to close half his positions
on 10 October 2008, it was on a balance of probabilities more likely than not
that he would have placed the Spot Orders by converting half of his NZD
deposits when he found out that the rates turned favourable between 8.00 and
8.59 am on 13 October 2008.

12 The AR did not decide on the Limit Orders because he had earlier decided
that the earliest time that the defendant was entitled to close out the
plaintiff’s positions was 13 October 2008 at 12.00 noon, whereas the Limit
Orders would only have been placed between 3.30 and 4.00 am on 14 October
2008. For completeness, the AR added that he would have found that the
plaintiff did not prove on a balance of probabilities that he would have
placed the Limit Orders with the defendant on 14 October 2008.

Issue 3

13 Having decided that the plaintiff would have placed the Spot Orders with
the defendant, the AR awarded the plaintiff damages of SGD128,192.09, with
pre-judgment interest on the above sum to commence from the date of the writ
of summons filed on 11 November 2008.

My decision

14 It was clear that the assessment of damages in this case depended on the
earliest time the defendant could have closed out the plaintiff, the
hypothetical actions of both the plaintiff and the defendant and the actual
market movements. I would frame the three issues before me in broadly the same
terms as the AR:

(a) What was the earliest time that the defendant would have closed out the
plaintiff? (“Issue 1”)

(b) Hypothetically, and on a balance of probabilities, what would the
plaintiff and the defendant have done at that time? (“Issue 2”)

(c) Based on what the plaintiff and the defendant would have hypothetically
done and the actual market movements, what damages and interest was the
plaintiff entitled to? (“Issue 3”)

Issue 1

15 Clauses 2.5 and 2.6 of the Master Agreement provided:

2.5 In relation to each Transaction, it is a condition precedent to the
obligations of the Bank in relation to that Transaction becoming effective
that the Counterparty enter into the Bank’s Service Agreement or other
agreement (together, ‘the Service Agreement’), the Bank’s Risk Disclosure
Statement and any Credit Support Document as requested by the Bank from time
to time in its absolute discretion. The Bank may in its absolute discretion
waive such condition precedent for a particular Transaction or Transactions.
...

2.6 _The Bank shall at its absolute discretion prescribe the amount of margin
or collateral that the Counterparty or any Credit Support Provider must
provide to the Bank in order to secure the Counterparty’s obligations to the
Bank under the Transactions, and may from time to time amend or add to such
margin or collateral requirements._ Such margin or collateral requirements may
be notified by the Bank to the Counterparty in writing or verbally. _If the
Bank shall for any reason deem that there is insufficient collateral held
pursuant to the terms of the Credit Support Documents that is available to
satisfy the Counterparty’s present or future obligations under this Agreement
or the Counterparty’s present or future obligations under any other agreement
or arrangement between the Counterparty and the Bank, the Counterparty_**
_shall within one business day’s notice_** _thereof deliver additional
collateral of a type acceptable to the Bank in its sole discretion_ (which
collateral shall be delivered and secured pursuant to any existing Credit
Support Document or other arrangement in a form satisfactory to the Bank in
its sole discretion) _in an amount as may be required by the Bank._ The margin
or collateral provided to the Bank as security for the Counterparty’s
obligations to the Bank under the Transactions is in addition to and without
prejudice to any other collateral or margin which the Bank may now or
hereafter hold from the Counterparty. ... _For the avoidance of doubt, if the
Counterparty fails to deliver such additional collateral, such failure_**
_shall constitute an Event of Default in respect of the Counterparty pursuant
to Clause 5 below and the Bank may proceed to terminate some or all of the
Transactions at its discretion pursuant to Clause 5 without further notice to
the Counterparty_** _other than the notice of termination to be provided under
Clause 5.4._

[emphasis added in italics and in bold italics]

16 The interpretation of cl 2.6 was not in dispute before me. The Court of
Appeal had already interpreted the scope of cl 2.6 in the Court of Appeal
Judgment at [25] and [30]:

25 Under cl 2.6, _the [defendant] has the absolute discretion_ to prescribe
the amount of the margin and the collateral that the [plaintiff] must provide
at any time and from time to time, and _if_ _the_ [_defendant_] _deems the
collateral to be insufficient_ , the [plaintiff] must deliver additional
collateral “within one business day’s notice”. _The [plaintiff] is entitled to
be given one business day’s notice to meet such an obligation —_ this is
implicit or inherent in cl 2.6. _The expression “business day” is not defined
in the Master Agreement, but in the Service Agreement, it is defined_ (under
the section “Bank statements”) _as “a day other than Saturday or Sunday on
which banks and/or foreign exchange markets are open for business in Singapore
and/or such other financial centres as [the defendant] may choose”._ Clause
2.6 also provides that a failure to provide additional security shall
constitute an Event of Default under cl 5 of the Master Agreement, on the
occurrence of which the [defendant] may terminate any one or more or all
outstanding Transactions at its sole discretion on the date specified. An
“Event of Default” in cl 5 refers to six events, including “any Event of
Default (as defined in the Service Agreement)” as provided by cl 5.1(c). These
cross-references reinforce the conclusion that the Master Agreement and the
Service Agreement have to be read together with respect to each Transaction.

…

30 For these reasons, we are of the view that cl 2.6 applied to the 10 October
2008 letter, and under that clause, the [plaintiff] was entitled to one
business day’s notice to restore the state of his account to the satisfaction
of the [defendant], either by providing additional collateral or by reducing
his Total Exposure. Accordingly, we find that the [defendant] was in breach of
its obligations to the [plaintiff] in closing out all his FX positions on 10
October 2008.

[emphasis in original omitted; emphasis added]

17 The starting point is that although the defendant had an absolute
discretion to prescribe the amount of additional margin or additional
collateral that the plaintiff had to provide, it could not close out the
plaintiff immediately even if the plaintiff was in negative equity. In the
present case, the defendant had to give the plaintiff (i) one business day’s
notice; and (ii) a grace period of 48 hours, before it was entitled to
entitled to close out the plaintiff’s FX positions. The Court of Appeal found
in the Court of Appeal Judgment (at [48]; see above at [6]) that the defendant
was contractually obliged to comply with condition (i) and was obliged under
the doctrine of promissory estoppel and/or variation to comply with condition
(ii).

Condition (i)

18 It was not disputed that a letter was faxed by the defendant to the
plaintiff at 11.15 am on 10 October 2008 (“the 10 October 2008 letter”), which
was a Friday. The Court of Appeal held in the Court of Appeal Judgment (at
[21]) that the 10 October 2008 letter was a margin call, thereby attracting
the application of cl 2.6 and requiring the defendant to give the plaintiff
one business day’s notice before it was contractually entitled to close out
the plaintiff’s FX positions.

19 As clearly explained in the Court of Appeal Judgment (at [25]), “business
day” did not include Saturdays or Sundays. 10 October 2008 was a Friday and 11
and 12 October 2008 were accordingly not “business days”. Therefore, if the
defendant had not been in breach of cl 2.6, the earliest possible time that it
would have been contractually entitled to close the plaintiff out under
condition (i) was 11.15 am on 13 October 2008, being the Monday following the
non-business days.

Condition (ii)

20 The interpretation of condition (ii) was less straightforward than that of
condition (i). The Court of Appeal found in the Court of Appeal Judgment (at
[38]) that the defendant was estopped from resiling on its promise to allow
the plaintiff a Grace Period to respond to the 10 October 2008 letter.
However, the issue whether the Grace Period should be construed to mean 48
hours or 2 business days remained an open one. In response to a letter dated 4
November 2011 from the plaintiff’s solicitors seeking clarification from the
Court of Appeal on whether it was inconsistent with the Court of Appeal
Judgment for the plaintiff to take the position that the 48-hour Grace Period
meant 2 business days, the Registry of the Supreme Court responded on 8
November 2011 that it was instructed to reply that the Court of Appeal did not
decide the issue and that the plaintiff was entitled to raise it for the
purpose of assessing damages. In further response to the defendant’s
solicitors’ letter dated 9 November 2011, the Registry stated in its letter
dated 14 November 2011 that “The Court of Appeal left open the issue as to
whether the 48-hour grace period was intended by the parties to mean 48 hours
or 2 business days”.

21 In my view, it did not follow that because the requirement of one day’s
notice under condition (i) included only business days, the requirement of a
Grace Period under condition (ii) should include only business days as well.
If the Grace Period included only business days (_ie_ Saturday and Sunday were
excluded), the defendant was entitled to close the plaintiff out only after
11.15 am on 14 October 2008, a Tuesday. On the other hand, if the Grace Period
included both business days and non-business days, then the Grace Period
expired at 11.15 am on 12 October 2008, a Sunday.

22 The plaintiff argued that the Grace Period included business days only,
relying on an observation by the Court of Appeal in the Court of Appeal
Judgment (at [36]) that the 48-hour Grace Period could be “stretched to mean
two business days” and was valuable because it gave the plaintiff more time to
decide what to do. However, the AR found against the plaintiff and held that
the Grace Period included both business and non-business days. The AR reasoned
that the plaintiff, being a knowledgeable and sophisticated arbitrageur, had
himself come to the conclusion earlier that the Grace Period included both
business and non-business days, suggesting strongly that that was indeed the
intended construction.

23 I agree with the above finding made by the AR. The Court of Appeal Judgment
(at [36]) stated that the Grace Period was a valuable right because it gave
the plaintiff more time to decide what to do; be it (i) to take his losses
immediately or (ii) to average down his investment by buying more FX contracts
or (iii) to maintain his FX positions until the next business day. As a matter
of strict construction, I find that none of the above options available to the
plaintiff required the Grace Period to exclude non-business days. In my
opinion, the Grace Period in condition (ii) should not be construed to mean
that the one business day’s notice under cl 2.6 had been varied by agreement
to read two business days’ notice. If that was what the Court of Appeal had
intended, the Court of Appeal would not have observed (at [36]) that the Grace
Period was to allow the plaintiff to maintain his FX positions until “the next
business day”. Instead, the Court of Appeal would have observed that the Grace
Period would allow the plaintiff to maintain his FX positions until “two
business days later”.

24 I find further support for construing the Grace Period to include both
business and non-business days by examining the purpose of the Grace Period,
which was to allow the plaintiff to have more time to consider his position in
the light of market movements. If this were the case, so long as the plaintiff
was given the requisite 48 hours, he had the time to consider his position
regardless of whether it was a business day or not. The only conceivable
difference was that if the Grace Period had included both business and non-
business days, the market might have been static during part of or even the
entire 48-hour period when the plaintiff was considering his position. If the
Grace Period covered business days only, then the 48-hour period would stop
running when the market closed.

25 Assuming that the market closed on Friday in a condition that was adverse
to the plaintiff, as was the case here, then even if the Grace Period included
non-business days, the plaintiff would still have the entire weekend to
consider what course of action to take before the market reopened on Monday.
In such a case, the purpose of the Grace Period, which was to allow the
plaintiff time to consider his position, would still be achieved. Discounting
the non-business days and affording the plaintiff an additional grace period
up until 11.15 am on 14 October 2008 was, in my view, overly indulgent and—as
the defendant correctly pointed out—speculative. It was clearly not within the
contemplation of the parties when the defendant promised the plaintiff the
Grace Period. I therefore find, on a balance of probabilities, that the
parties had intended the Grace Period to include both business and non-
business days.

26 I would additionally observe that even the plaintiff himself had
acknowledged that he had initially understood the Grace Period to include non-
business days. It mattered little that the plaintiff later claimed to be
mistaken in coming to such a view, since whether or not such an understanding
was reached depended on an objective interpretation of the parties’
intentions. I therefore agree with the AR that under condition (ii), the
earliest time which the defendant was entitled to close out the plaintiff was
11.15 am on 12 October 2008. As indicated at [19] above, if the defendant had
not been in breach of cl 2.6, the earliest possible time that it could have
contractually closed the plaintiff out under condition (i) was 11.15 am on
Monday, 13 October 2008, being the business day following the non-business
days.

Conclusion

27 The combined effect of my findings on conditions (i) and (ii) (see above at
[17]) is that the earliest time that the defendant was entitled to close out
the plaintiff was at 11.15 am on Monday, 13 October 2008. As such, all of the
plaintiff’s alternative arguments and calculations founded on the basis that
the earliest time the defendant was entitled to close out the plaintiff was at
11.15 am on Tuesday, 14 October 2008 would fail in the light of this finding.

28 However, in practical terms, it was impossible for the defendant to have
closed out the plaintiff immediately at 11.15 am on 13 October 2008 since (i)
some officer of the defendant had to make the decision to close out the
plaintiff; (ii) other officers of the defendant had to be told of the decision
and be briefed on the manner of execution; (iii) the plaintiff had to be
contacted and be informed of the decision; and (iv) the defendant would still
realistically need at least half an hour to execute the transactions. I find
that although the defendant was eager to close out the plaintiff entirely at
the earliest available opportunity, the AR was nevertheless justified in his
decision that damages should be assessed on the basis that the bank would have
closed out the plaintiff’s FX account completely at 12.00 noon on 13 October
2008, after taking into account a reasonable amount of time to allow for
communication between the parties. Therefore, the relevant rates that ought to
be taken into account in computation of damages were the rates between 12.00
noon and 12.59 pm on 13 October 2008 and I accordingly affirm that AR’s
decision on this issue. In my opinion, such a finding was wholly in line with
the Court of Appeal’s ruling (at [49]) that damages had to be assessed on the
basis that the defendant “was only entitled to close out [the plaintiff’s] FX
positions on 13 October 2008 at the earliest”.

Issue 2

29 In the light of my finding above that the hypothetical time that the
defendant would have closed out the plaintiff was between 12.00 noon and 12.59
pm on 13 October 2008, I shall next determine the extent of damages. For this
issue, I shall adopt a two-stage approach. For the first stage, I would
determine what the plaintiff and the defendant would, on a balance of
probabilities, have done in the circumstances without the benefit of
hindsight. I stress at the outset that the actual movements of the market—that
is to say, hindsight—are irrelevant at the first stage. The actual figures had
absolutely no impact on what the parties would have hypothetically done in the
circumstances, because the parties should not, with the benefit of hindsight,
be entitled to pick and choose the combination of transactions that were most
favourable to them.

30 After determining what the parties would have hypothetically done, I would
move on to the second stage to assess how much the plaintiff would have
hypothetically lost based on what the parties would have hypothetically done
(see below at [40]). It is only at this second stage that I would refer to the
actual movements of the market in order to determine the hypothetical loss.
The difference between the actual loss and the hypothetical loss would
represent the measure of damages that the plaintiff was entitled to.

31 The defendant submitted that since their business hours were from 9.00 am
to 6.00 pm from Monday to Friday, it was more likely than not that the
plaintiff could only have placed the Spot Orders and Limit Orders only after
9.00 am on 13 October 2008 instead of between 8.00 am and 8.59 am. On the
other hand, the plaintiff argued that, on a balance of probabilities, he could
and would have placed the same Orders between 8.00 and 8.59 am on 13 October
2008. To persuade me that he could have placed the Orders before 9.00 am, the
plaintiff referred me to the following evidence:

(a) a fax sent by the defendant to the plaintiff at 8.50 am on 13 October 2008
setting out the transactions that the defendant unilaterally entered into on
10 October 2008 to close out his account, showing that it was possible that
some officers of the defendant would come to work before 9.00 am;

(b) the oral testimony from one of the defendant’s officers stating that some
officers would be contactable via their mobile phones to take instructions
from their clients even if none of them had come to office before 9.00 am on
13 October 2008; and

(c) documentary evidence that the plaintiff had previously placed orders with
the defendant before 9.00 am (for example, an order was placed by the
plaintiff at 8.02 am on 23 September 2008) and the defendant had accepted
those orders.

32 As the evidence that the plaintiff referred to was incontrovertible, I
accepted the plaintiff’s submissions. In addition, that weekend was a critical
period for the defendant and it would not be inconceivable that its officers
would be at work by 7.00 am on Monday, 13 October 2008 or that they would even
have stayed overnight in the office on Sunday, 12 October 2008. Accordingly, I
find that the plaintiff _could_ have made the Spot Orders and the Limit Orders
between 8.00 and 8.59 am on 13 October 2008. However, the more important
question was whether or not, on a balance of probabilities, the plaintiff
_would_ have placed the orders. In this regard, the actual telephone
conversations and the plaintiff’s past investment strategy would be relevant.

33 The plaintiff submitted that on 10 October 2008, when his account was still
in negative equity, he attempted to place 3 Limit Orders each in order to sell
10 million New Zealand Dollars (“NZD”) for Japanese Yen (“JPY”) at the rates
of 59.90, 60.80 and 61.30 respectively. The plaintiff averred that he had
communicated his intention to place the 3 Limit Orders to Cynthia Chin via
telephone on 10 October 2008 but she allegedly refused to execute the 3 Limit
Orders. The plaintiff submitted that his intention to place the 3 Limit Orders
on 10 October 2008 showed that, on a balance of probabilities, it was probable
that he would have placed the Limit Orders in issue before 12.00 noon on 13
October 2008, at the same time when he would have placed the Spot Orders.

34 On the other hand, the defendant argued that while the AR found some
evidence that the plaintiff would have placed the Spot Orders before 12.00
noon on 13 October 2008, he found no evidence that the plaintiff would have
placed the Limit Orders before that time. The defendant argued that
plaintiff’s submissions were made with the benefit of hindsight and were
speculative in nature and that the plaintiff had not discharged his burden of
proof. The defendant further submitted that the plaintiff’s account was in a
state of positive equity between 8.00 am and 8.59 am on 13 October 2008 as a
result of the market moving in his favour. The defendant argued that, given
this information, it was equally likely that the plaintiff would not have
placed the Limit Orders and would instead have adopted a “wait-and-see”
approach in hope that the market would move even more in his favour.

35 Further or in the alternative, the defendant submitted that even if the
plaintiff had placed the Limit Orders in time, it was more probable than not
that the Limit Orders would not have been executed, because the defendant
would either:

(a) have refused to take the Limit Orders; or

(b) have taken the Limit Orders but would have proceeded to exercise its
contractual right to close out the plaintiff at 12.00 noon on 13 October 2008.

36 I rejected both the plaintiff’s and the defendant’s arguments. I agree with
the AR that the plaintiff would have tried to take advantage of the position
when the market moved in his favour. The Court of Appeal Judgment (at [37])
stated that:

37 In the present case, the [plaintiff] wanted to partially close out his FX
contracts (_ie_ , NZD 20 million on 10 October 2008 and the balance of NZD 68
million on 13 October 2008) in order to reduce his Total Exposure as requested
by the [defendant]. _He explained that, from his own experience in FX trading,
the foreign exchange market was more likely than not to move in his favour
because the next business day would be after the conclusion of the G7 meeting
scheduled for that weekend._ It would seem that the [defendant] was fearful
that the [plaintiff]’s FX positions would deteriorate further, thus increasing
his exposure to the [defendant]. Hence, the [defendant] was determined to
close out all his FX positions on 10 October 2008 after the 5pm deadline,
which it did. _As it turned out, the_ [_plaintiff_]_’s reading of the FX
market after the G7 meeting was correct – the market did move in favour of
the_ [_plaintiff_] _on 13 October 2008 – in contrast to the apparent panic
exhibited by the_ [_defendant_]_._

[emphasis added]

37 Based on the evidence before me, I find that, even without the hindsight
that the market would have moved in the plaintiff’s favour, it was more likely
than not that the plaintiff would have, through the Spot Orders, partially
closed out half of his NZD deposits with the defendant in order to reduce his
total exposure. I did not accept the defendant’s submissions that the
plaintiff would more likely have adopted a “wait-and-see” attitude because
when faced with the risk of getting closed out by the defendant at a
substantial loss, I find it more probable that the plaintiff would have tried
to reduce his total exposure rather than speculate further. I therefore
rejected the defendant’s submissions and affirmed the AR’s finding (at p 8 of
his Grounds of Decision; and see above at [11]) that the plaintiff would have
made the Spot Orders.

38 As for the Limit Orders, I was not persuaded that the plaintiff would have
made them before 12.00 noon on 13 October 2008. I agreed with the defendant
that the plaintiff’s arguments were made entirely with the benefit of
hindsight. On a balance of probabilities, I find that it was more probable
that the plaintiff would try to reduce his total exposure of his NZD to one
that fell within acceptable limits rather than try to reduce the total
exposure to zero by selling everything. I was not convinced that, on a balance
of probabilities, the plaintiff would have placed the Limit Orders to convert
all of his remaining NZD between 8.00 am and 8.59 am on 13 October 2008.
Accordingly, I affirmed the AR’s decision on this issue.

39 For completeness, I would add that I would reject both of the defendant’s
alternative arguments on this issue (see above at [35]). On 13 October 2008,
the plaintiff was in positive equity. If the defendant was prepared to execute
the plaintiff’s Spot Orders, I saw no reason why the defendant would not have
executed the plaintiff’s Limit Orders if the plaintiff had placed them
together with the Spot Orders. However, as I have found, it was more probable
than not that the plaintiff would _not_ have placed the Limit Orders with the
defendant.

Issue 3

40 The issue of computation of damages was not in dispute. Neither side
submitted that the AR had erred in his calculation using the foreign exchange
rates on 13 October 2008 as agreed by the parties. Based on the AR’s finding
that the plaintiff would have closed out half his account between 8.00 am and
8.59 am on 13 October 2008 by placing the Spot Orders and that the defendant
would have closed out the other half of the account at 12.00 noon on 13
October 2008 at whatever prevailing rate by exercising its contractual rights,
I affirmed the AR’s decision to award the plaintiff damages according to the
agreed computation.

41 However, the amount of damages awarded to the plaintiff was mistakenly
recorded as SGD 128,192.093 when it was clear that the parties intended the
figures to be in USD. I therefore ordered that the currency of the damages in
the AR’s order be corrected from SGD to USD.

42 On the issue of judgment interest, the AR awarded interest from the date on
which the writ of summons was issued which was 11 November 2008. The plaintiff
submitted that interest should be awarded from the date on which the cause of
action arose which in this case was 13 October 2008. The plaintiff relied on
section 12(1) of the Civil Law Act, which provides:

**Power of courts of record to award interest on debts and damages**

**12.** —(1) In any proceedings tried in any court of record for the recovery
of any debt or damages, the court may, if it thinks fit, order that there
shall be included in the sum for which judgment is given interest at such rate
as it thinks fit on the whole or any part of the debt or damages for the whole
or any part of the period between the date when the cause of action arose and
the date of the judgment.

43 The plaintiff submitted that the basis of awarding pre-judgment interest
was to compensate the plaintiff for having been kept out of his money by the
defendant and that he was deprived of the use of his money since 13 October
2008. The plaintiff cited _Lim Cheng Wah v Ng Yaw Kim_ [1983-1984] SLR(R) 723,
where L P Thean J (as he then was) held at [6] that:

6 In applying this section it is necessary to consider the basis on which
interest should be awarded. … [T]he basis on which the courts in England have
acted in awarding interest under this subsection is that the defendant has
kept the plaintiff out of the money which ought to have been paid to him and
since the defendant has had the use of the money he ought to compensate the
plaintiff accordingly. In _Harbutt’s_ _“Plasticine” Ltd v Wayne Tank and Pump
Co Ltd_ [1970] 1 QB 447 at 468, Lord Denning said:

An award of interest is discretionary. It seems to me that the basis of an
award of interest is that the defendant has kept the plaintiff out of his
money; and the defendant has had the use of it himself. So he ought to
compensate the plaintiff accordingly.

44 The defendant did not submit on the issue of interest. On the issue of pre-
judgment interest, I agreed with the plaintiff’s submissions that he had been
kept out of his money since 13 October 2008. I therefore varied the AR’s order
such that interest began to run from that date instead of the date of filing
the writ.

Orders made

45 In the light of the above reasons, I dismissed both Registrar’s Appeal No
140 of 2012 and Registrar’s Appeal No 142 of 2012. I amended the AR’s order by
changing the currency of the damages awarded from SGD to USD and varied the
AR’s award of interest by ordering the pre-judgment interest of 5.33% to
commence from 13 October 2008 instead of 11 November 2008.

46 For both Registrar’s Appeal No 140 of 2012 and Registrar’s Appeal No 142 of
2012, since neither party had succeeded in the respective appeals, I made no
order as to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

