Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Adnan bin Kadir _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 196

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 122 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 28 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  The appellant in person; Lee Lit Cheng, Wong Woon Kwong
and Ruth Wong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Adnan bin Kadir — Public Prosecutor  
  
28 September 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against sentence by Adnan bin Kadir (“the Appellant”). He
pleaded guilty in the District Court to one count of importing 0.01g of
diamorphine into Singapore, which is an offence under s 7 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the current MDA”), and was sentenced to
five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane.

The facts

2 The Appellant is a 41-year old male. The charge which was proceeded upon by
the Prosecution (“the Diamorphine Charge”) reads as follows:

… [T]hat you, on 21st December 2011 at or about 6.36 a.m., at Immigration
Checkpoint Authority, Woodlands Checkpoint, Singapore, did import into
Singapore … one packet containing 0.35 grams of granular/powdery substance
which was analyzed and found to contain 0.01 gram of Diamorphine … and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act,
Chapter 185 and punishable under Section 33 of the said Act.

3 The relevant parts of the Statement of Facts which the Appellant admitted to
in the District Court (“the SOF”) are as follows:

…

2 On 21st December 2011 at about 6.36 a.m., acting on the information
received, the accused [_ie_ , the Appellant] was stopped by [officers from the
Immigration and Checkpoints Authority] when detected at the car arrival green
channel. The accused was travelling in a motor vehicle bearing a Malaysian
registration number JHY 4607 (‘the car’). He was later referred to [the
Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”)] and CNB officers conducted a search on him.

3 Upon questioning, the accused surrendered one plastic packet containing
brown granular substance, which was hidden under the driver’s seat cover. The
accused also informed CNB officer that the brown granular substance was ‘Pei
Hoon’ (street name for Heroin).

4 The accused was placed under arrest, and the exhibit was thereafter seized
and marked as ‘ABK-A1’. …

…

5 On 13th February 2012, [the Health Sciences Authority] issued a certificate
… stating that the exhibit marked as ‘ABK-A1’ was found to be one packet
containing 0.35 gram of granular/powdery substance which was analyzed and
found to contain 0.01 gram of Diamorphine.

…

7 The accused was aware that he was importing drugs into Singapore in the said
vehicle.

…

4 In addition to the Diamorphine Charge, the Appellant was also charged with
importing into Singapore, on the same occasion (_ie_ , at or about 6.36am on
21 December 2011), one packet containing 0.05g of crystalline substance, which
was analysed and found to contain methamphetamine (“the Methamphetamine
Charge”).

The proceedings in the court below

5 On 28 May 2012, the Appellant (who was unrepresented) initially claimed
trial in the court below. After noting that the Appellant had earlier
indicated at a pre-trial conference that he wished to plead guilty, the senior
district judge (“the SDJ”) asked him whether he had a defence to importation.
The Appellant stated that he wished to plead guilty. The SDJ reminded the
Appellant that he should be sure that he wished to plead guilty. The SDJ also
pointed out to the Appellant that he was the only person who would know if he
had a defence. The Appellant then pleaded guilty to the Diamorphine Charge and
consented to the Methamphetamine Charge being taken into consideration for the
purpose of sentencing.

6 The Appellant had no antecedents. In his oral mitigation plea, he stated
that: (a) the drugs were for his own consumption; (b) his wife had passed away
in 2010; and (c) he had five children and an elderly mother-in-law to support.
He stated that he was remorseful and pleaded for leniency.

7 The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) prosecuting the case, DPP Joshua Lai
(“DPP Lai”), took issue with the Appellant’s assertion that the drugs were for
his own consumption because an _earlier_ version of the SOF had stated that
the Appellant intended to deliver the drugs to someone in Singapore.
Nonetheless, DPP Lai submitted that this discrepancy had no legal effect on
the Appellant’s plea of guilt on the ground that personal consumption was not
a defence to a charge of importation.

8 The SDJ sentenced the Appellant to the mandatory minimum sentence of five
years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane. In his written grounds of
decision (as reported in _Public Prosecutor v Adnan bin Kadir_ [2012] SGDC
203), the SDJ pointed out that during his perusal of the court files, he had
seen the earlier version of the SOF, which stated that the Appellant intended
to deliver the diamorphine to someone in Singapore. However, he went on to
hold that this was immaterial:

10 More fundamentally, _irrespective of whether the drugs were meant for
delivery or for his personal consumption_ , I did not see this having any
material impact on sentence. _There was no qualification of his plea of guilt
to the charge of drug importation. All the necessary elements of the offence
were established and admitted_. In my view, the circumstances of the offence
would not have warranted the imposition of a sentence beyond the prescribed
mandatory minimum, given his lack of antecedents and plea of guilt at the pre-
trial stage. Moreover, the quantity of drugs involved was relatively small.
[emphasis added]

The hearing of this appeal on 2 August 2012

9 In support of his appeal against sentence, the Appellant filed a written
mitigation plea dated 6 July 2012 in which he reiterated, _inter alia_ , that
the drugs were for his own consumption. He also stated that a urine test which
was conducted on him on the day of his arrest (_viz_ , 21 December 2011) had
produced a positive result.

10 At the oral hearing on 2 August 2012, the Appellant again repeated his
statement that the drugs which he brought into Singapore were intended for his
own consumption. When I queried the DPP appearing in this appeal, DPP Ruth
Wong (“DPP Wong”), as to whether if what the Appellant said was true, it could
constitute a defence to the charge of importation, she stated that it would
not. I queried her further on why, for instance, if the Appellant had been
charged for trafficking in the same drugs, he would be entitled to plead as a
defence that the drugs were for his own consumption, but he could not do so if
he had been charged for importing the same drugs. Such an anomaly would be
obvious if the drugs involved were diamorphine (as in this case) and the
quantity found on him was 15.01g of diamorphine. DPP Wong’s response was that
the offence of “importation” was different from trafficking in that
importation as defined in the current MDA meant the act of bringing into
Singapore, and that the purpose of doing so was irrelevant.

11 In view of this anomaly, I decided to look further into the nature of the
offence of importation to satisfy myself that as a matter of law the Appellant
would not be able to plead possession of the drugs for personal consumption as
a defence to the charge of importation. Accordingly, I adjourned the hearing
and directed DPP Wong to file written submissions on this issue for further
consideration.

The written submissions

12 The written submissions, which were drafted by DPPs Lee Lit Cheng and Wong
Woon Kwong (hereinafter referred to as “the DPPs”), reiterated that there is
no defence of personal consumption to the offence of importation under s 7 of
the current MDA. The purpose of the importation is only relevant as a
sentencing consideration. In support of this argument, the DPPs relied on the
legislative history of the current MDA and also the decisions of the courts on
the meaning of importation. I shall examine first the statutory framework and
its legislative history.

The statutory framework

The relevant sections of the current MDA

13 The relevant sections of the current MDA are as follows:

**Interpretation**

**2**. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“traffic” means —

(a) to sell, give, administer, transport, send, deliver or distribute; or

(b) to offer to do anything mentioned in paragraph (a),

otherwise than under the authority of this Act, and “trafficking” has a
corresponding meaning;

…

**PART II**

**OFFENCES INVOLVING CONTROLLED DRUGS AND SUBSTANCES**

**Trafficking in controlled drugs**

**5.** —(1) Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a
person, on his own behalf or on behalf of any other person, whether or not
that other person is in Singapore —

(_a_) to traffic in a controlled drug;

(b) to offer to traffic in a controlled drug; or

(_c_) to do or offer to do any act preparatory to or for the purpose of
trafficking in a controlled drug.

(2) For the purposes of this Act, a person commits the offence of trafficking
in a controlled drug if he has in his possession that drug for the purpose of
trafficking.

**Manufacture of controlled drugs**

**6**. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person
to manufacture a controlled drug.

**Import and export of controlled drugs**

**7**. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person
to import into or export from Singapore a controlled drug.

**Possession and consumption of controlled drugs**

**8**. Except as authorised by this Act, it shall be an offence for a person
to —

(_a_) have in his possession a controlled drug; or

(_b_) smoke, administer to himself or otherwise consume —

(i) a controlled drug, other than a specified drug; or

(ii) a specified drug.

…

**PART III**

**EVIDENCE, ENFORCEMENT AND PUNISHMENT**

...

**Presumption concerning trafficking**

**17**. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than —

...

(_c_) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

...

… shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

14 It can be seen from the above provisions that the drug offences under the
current MDA are set out in the following chronological order: (1) trafficking;
(2) manufacturing; (3) importation/exportation; (4) possession; and (5)
consumption. This order of offences was first enacted in 1973 by the Misuse of
Drugs Act 1973 (Act 5 of 1973) (“the 1973 MDA”).

Legislative history and context

15 The earliest predecessor of the current MDA is the 1973 MDA. In moving the
Misuse of Drugs Bill 1972 (Bill 46 of 1972) (“the Misuse of Drugs Bill 1972”),
_ie_ , the Bill which was later enacted as the 1973 MDA, at its second
reading, the then Minister for Health and Home Affairs explained the rationale
of the Bill as follows (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_
(16 February 1973) vol 32 at cols 414–418):

This Bill is a consolidation of the Dangerous Drugs Act enacted in 1951 and
the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act of 1969. It also incorporates additional
provisions to provide for a firm and extensive control on certain dangerous
and harmful drugs of addiction as well as heavier penalties. These drugs,
defined as “controlled drugs” in this Bill, are known to the pharmacologist as
hallucinogens, narcotic analgesics, central nervous system stimulants and
tranquillisers. The Dangerous Drugs Act was enacted about 21 years ago and the
controls provided therein are grossly inadequate for the 70’s, with the
introduction of a host of new drugs of medical value if properly used.

_Control has been brought in line with those in force in other countries_
**_closely concerned with the spread of the addictive use of such drugs within
their own countries and the increased international traffic which supplies
such demands._** **_The different categories of control as recommended by the
United Nations have been incorporated into this Bill._**

…

Singapore, by its geographical position and development, is now a strategic
centre of communication and international trade. Whilst welcoming trade,
visitors and tourists, we must at the same time be constantly on the alert for
the trafficker, the addict and the hidden consignment of controlled drugs. …

_The ill-gotten gains of the drug traffic are huge. The key men operating
behind the scene are ruthless and cunning and possess ample funds. They do
their utmost to push their drugs through. Though we may not have drug-
trafficking and drug addiction to the same degree as, for instance, in the
United States, we have here some quite big-time traffickers and their pedlars
moving around the Republic selling their evil goods and corrupting the lives
of all those who succumb to them._

_They and their trade must be stopped. To do this effectively, heavy penalties
have to be provided for trafficking. Clause 15 specifies the quantities of
controlled drugs which, if found in the possession of a person unless the
contrary is proved, will be presumed to be in his possession for the purposes
of trafficking._

The Second Schedule to the Bill shows the various penalties for offences
committed under the Bill. For unauthorised traffic in a Class A controlled
drug, for example, morphine, opium, heroin, the maximum sentence is 20 years
or $40,000 or both, and ten strokes of the rotan. The heaviest penalty will
apply to those convicted of unauthorised trafficking in a Class A controlled
drug to persons under the age of 18 years. For this offence a maximum penalty
of 30 years or $50,000 or both, and 15 strokes of the rotan, and a minimum
penalty of five years or $10,000 or both, and three strokes of the rotan have
been provided. _The existing law on dangerous drugs provides for the offence
of trafficking, but there is no distinction as regards the age of the person
to whom the drugs are sold. The penalties for the offence of trafficking in
the existing law are $10,000 or five years, or both. These penalties are
obviously totally inadequate as deterrents._

_[The] Government views the present situation with deep concern._ _To act as
an effective deterrent, the punishment provided for an offence of this nature
must be decidedly heavy. We have, therefore, expressly provided minimum
penalties and the rotan for trafficking. However, we have not gone as far as
some countries which impose the death penalty for drug trafficking_.

Drug addiction is a problem increasing in size daily. What was once smoking
opium and marijuana (the dried plant which is known locally as ganja) or the
consumption of opium pills amongst a comparatively small group of middle-aged
or elderly people has developed into the taking of methaqualone (known
popularly as MX pills) or the smoking of marijuana amongst the younger age
group in their teens or early 20's who can be found not only in the street or
coffee-shop but also in the school and the university.

The young person falls under the influence of such a drug in a variety of
ways. It might be the result of boredom, sense of adventure to know how it
feels by taking it or he might be inducted to it before being accepted as one
of the circle of so-called “friends”. The danger is that when he finds that
the effects of such a drug are not too upsetting but rather pleasant in the
transient light-headed feeling it induces, he continues to take it.

After this, he so very easily progresses to more potent drugs that will give
him that same feeling of euphoria after failing to get it with those drugs
which he first used, even in increasing quantities. Once he becomes “hooked”
on a hard drug, e.g. morphine or heroin, his path to ruination and disaster is
certain. He will not be able to stop taking such a drug as the physical and
mental symptoms known as “withdrawal symptoms” following will be unbearable.
It is known that once a person is hooked to a hard drug, he will lie, cheat,
steal or even kill just to get the drugs. Thus, _a drug trafficker is the most
abominable of human beings if he can be deemed “human”. He is a merchant of
“living death” which he brings to a fellow human being. He, therefore,
deserves the maximum punishment_.

Members of this House will, however, note that it is not all punishment
written into this Bill. _A clear distinction has been made between the drug
addict and the trafficker and pedlar_. I am moving an amendment at the
Committee Stage to remove the provision of a minimum sentence of two years for
a second or subsequent offence for smoking, self-administering or consuming a
controlled drug as provided in the Second Schedule to clause 29, which was
inserted as a result of an oversight. _For those addicts who wish to stop this
vicious habit, there are provisions under clause 33(3) for them to volunteer
for treatment at an approved institution. Any statement given for the purpose
of undergoing treatment will not be admissible as evidence against him in any
subsequent prosecution.__Anyone who has been addicted to any of the controlled
drugs and especially those who have had their first acquaintance with such a
drug can take advantage of this provision to have himself rehabilitated._ …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

16 In 1975, the 1973 MDA was amended (via the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Act
(Act 49 of 1975)) to introduce the mandatory death penalty as a punishment for
the trafficking or importation of large quantities of controlled drugs. The
then Minister for Home Affairs and Education explained that this was necessary
in the interest of deterrence (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (20 November 1975) vol 34 at cols 1379–1385):

Sir, the tragedy of drug abuse has been presented in terms of the individual
drug abuser and his family. The irreparable damage caused by drug addiction to
the health and career of the drug abuser and the sorrow, anxiety and the shame
caused to the family has often been emphasised. This, therefore, need not be
elaborated upon here.

But what is not sufficiently appreciated is the threat that drug addiction
poses to national security and viability _._ If drug abuse were to be allowed
to grow unchecked, particularly among our youths, we would eventually be faced
with a dangerous national security problem. In no time we would find that it
had penetrated right into the vital and sensitive institutions of the State,
like the Police and the Armed Forces.

This, in fact, happened in South Vietnam during those tortuous years of
undeclared war and was a major factor leading to its eventual collapse. Drug
addiction became rampant and uncontrollable there _._ It not only sapped the
spirit of the soldiers to fight but also undermined their fitness to act out
what little spirit that was left in them. Thus from the very onset they had no
chance at all despite their superiority in firepower, military hardware and
sophisticated gadgetry.

We have some indications that there is a Communist plan to use narcotics to
corrupt and soften the population of the various states in South-East Asia for
the purposes of subversion and eventual take-over. _It is, therefore, vital
that we take the severest of action now to forestall it and stop the supply of
narcotics into the country and check the spread of drug addiction._

Rampant drug addiction among our young men and women will also strike at the
very foundations of our social fabric and undermine our economy. Once ensnared
by drug dependence they will no longer be productive digits contributing to
our economic and social progress. They will not be able to carry on with their
regular jobs. Usually for the young men, they turn to all sorts of crime, and
for the girls, to prostitution to get money to buy their badly needed supply
of drugs. Thus, as a developing country, our progress and very survival will
be seriously threatened.

Singapore, as it is situated, is in a rather vulnerable position. The "Golden
Triangle" straddling Thailand, Laos and Burma, which is the source of supply
of narcotics, is not far from Singapore. Being a busy port, an important air
communication centre and an open coastline easily accessible from neighbouring
countries, it makes detection of supplies of narcotics coming in difficult.
Further, _the manufacture of morphine and heroin is not a complicated process
and can be done in as small a space as a toilet. Our Central Narcotics Bureau
has intelligence information that much of the heroin brought into Singapore
has been manufactured in illicit laboratories clandestinely established in a
neighbouring country. The Central Narcotics Bureau also reported that there
was an abortive attempt to set up an illicit heroin laboratory in Singapore
itself_.

Heroin is one of the most potent and dangerous drugs. In the first half of
1974 only nine out of 1,793 drug abusers arrested consumed heroin. In the
corresponding period this year 1,007 out of 1,921 drug abusers arrested
consumed heroin. Thus the number of heroin abusers arrested increased by
almost 112 times in 12 months. This is an explosive increase by any reckoning.
Equally significant is the fact that the number of traffickers arrested for
dealing in heroin had also increased from six in the first half of 1974 to 26
in the corresponding period this year.

These statistics show clearly that existing penalties under the Misuse of
Drugs Act, 1973 [_ie_ , the 1973 MDA], have not been a sufficient deterrence
to traffickers. In 1974 the Criminal Law (Temporary Provisions) Act was
invoked to detain traffickers and financiers, and 31 major traffickers and
financiers have been detained so far. Despite this threat of indefinite
detention, trafficking is still rife. This is because it is lucrative and
syndicates are prepared to look after the interests of traffickers and their
dependants whenever they are caught and imprisoned.

Clause 13 of this Bill [_viz_ , the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Bill 1975
(Bill 55 of 1975)], therefore, seeks to amend the Second Schedule of the
Misuse of Drugs Act, 1973, _so that the death penalty will be imposed for the
unauthorised manufacture of morphine and heroin_** _irrespective of [the]
amounts involved_** _.__The death penalty will also be imposed for the
unauthorised_** _import, export or trafficking of more than 30 grammes of
morphine or more than 15 grammes of heroin_****.**

…

Under the Misuse of Drugs Act, 1973, trafficking is defined as selling,
giving, administering, transporting, sending, delivering and distributing
drugs. It is not intended to sentence petty morphine and heroin pedlars to
death. It is, therefore, necessary to specify the quantity by weight,
exceeding which the death penalty will be imposed. The weights refer to the
pure substance. For heroin any quantity in which the pure heroin content is
above 15 grammes will attract the death penalty. Such an amount when mixed
with adulterants is sufficient to spike some 500 heroin cigarettes. One
heroin-spiked cigarette is usually shared by a few beginners. Thus 15 grammes
of pure heroin can do considerable damage and ruin a very large number of our
youths. …

Let me also allay the fear of those who may have the impression that drug
addicts might inadvertently be hanged as a result of their having in their
possession a controlled drug which contains more than 15 grammes of pure
heroin. The heroin that is commonly used by drug abusers and addicts in
Singapore is referred to as Heroin No. 3. This is currently sold in little
plastic phials, at $32 per phial. It is usually mixed with other substances in
the proportions of about 40% pure heroin and 60% adulterants. Each phial
contains about 0.8 grammes of the mixed substance. Therefore, a person will
only be in danger of receiving the death penalty if he has in his possession
some 37.5 grammes of adulterated heroin which contains 40% of pure heroin.
This works out to 47 phials. And it costs about $1,500 to buy this amount at
the current retail price.

_It is, therefore, most unlikely for a person who is in possession of so much
heroin to be only a drug addict and not a trafficker. An addict uses between
half to one phial of heroin a day. Even if he is rich and can afford it, he
does not buy more than two or three phials at a time for fear of being
arrested and convicted as a trafficker._

...

_Although the more severe penalties and some of the other provisions in the
Bill are meant to provide the necessary deterrence to drug traffickers and
pushers, there will be no slackening in the Government's programme to deal
with the drug problem on other fronts. On the one hand, there will be greater
deterrence to traffickers to cut off the supply of narcotics, and on the
other, every effort will be made to treat and rehabilitate those who have
already been hooked on to the drug habit by improved rehabilitation
facilities._ ...

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

17 The above passages clearly express the legislative objective of the 1973
MDA and of the amendments in 1975, which was to combat drug trafficking by
imposing very severe penalties on drug dealers in order to deter the spread of
controlled drugs in Singapore through trafficking. At the same time, the new
legislative framework intended to create and maintain a clear distinction
between drug dealers and drug addicts. This intention was carried into effect
by the creation of a sharp distinction in penalties between, on the one hand,
the offences of manufacturing, importation, exportation, and trafficking, and,
on the other hand, the offences of possession and consumption.

18 The Dangerous Drugs Act (Cap 151, 1970 Rev Ed) (“the DDA”), which was one
of the predecessors of the 1973 MDA, expressly defined “import” as follows:

**Interpretation and Definition**

**2**. In this Act ... unless the context otherwise requires —

...

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, in relation
to Singapore, means _to bring, or to cause to be brought into Singapore by
land, air or water, otherwise than in transit_ ;

…

[emphasis added]

However, when the 1973 MDA repealed the DDA and set up an entirely new
framework to combat the trafficking of controlled drugs, the 1973 MDA omitted
any definition of the term “import”. The DPPs submit, correctly in my view,
that the omission to define “import” in the 1973 MDA indicates that Parliament
must have intended, _vis-à-vis_ the offence of drug importation under s 7 of
the current MDA, to adopt the definition of “import” in s 2(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the IA”), which is as follows:

**Interpretation of certain words and expressions**

**2.** —(1) In this Act, and in every written law enacted before or after 28th
December 1965, the following words and expressions shall … have the meanings
respectively assigned to them unless there is something in the subject or
context inconsistent with such construction or unless it is therein otherwise
expressly provided:

…

“import”, with its grammatical variations and cognate expressions, means to
bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, sea or air;

…

According to the DPPs, a further reason why Parliament must have intended the
definition of “import” in s 2(1) of the IA to apply to the offence of drug
importation under s 7 of the current MDA is because the definition in the IA
is consistent with the definition of “import” in the Single Convention on
Narcotic Drugs 1961 (“the Convention”), which Singapore acceded to on 15 March
1973. Article 1(1)(_m_) of the Convention defines “import” as follows:

_Article 1_

DEFINITIONS

1\. Except where otherwise expressly indicated or where the context otherwise
requires, the following definitions shall apply throughout the Convention:

…

(_m_) “Import” and “export” mean in their respective connotations the physical
transfer of drugs from one State to another State, or from one territory to
another territory of the same State.

…

The result of adopting the IA definition was that the words “otherwise than in
transit” in the DDA definition were omitted.

19 The DPPs point out that while the definition of “import” in s 2 of the DDA
explicitly excluded drugs in transit, the Convention definition of “import” in
Art 1(1)(_m_) means the physical transfer of drugs into a State, which, the
DPPs submit, is a definition that necessarily includes drugs in transit.
According to the DPPs, the broader definition of “import” in Art 1(1)(_m_) is
consistent with Art 31, the relevant portions of which are as follows:

_Article 31_

SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTERNATIONAL TRADE

…

10\. Consignments of drugs entering or leaving the territory of a Party not
accompanied by an export authorization shall be detained by the competent
authorities.

11\. A Party shall not permit any drugs consigned to another country to pass
through its territory, whether or not the consignment is removed from the
conveyance in which it is carried, unless a copy of the export authorization
for such consignment is produced to the competent authorities of such Party.

…

14\. The provisions of paragraphs 11 to 13 relating to the passage of drugs
through the territory of a Party do not apply where the consignment in
question is transported by aircraft which does not land in the country or
territory of transit. If the aircraft lands in any such country or territory,
those provisions shall be applied so far as circumstances require.

…

The DPPs submit that the provisions of Arts 31(10), 31(11) and 31(14) make it
clear that the Convention imposes an obligation on its signatories (“Party
States”) to ensure that their territories are not used as transit points for
the illegal movement of drugs.

20 In addition, the DPPs point out that the definition of “import” in Art
1(1)(_m_) of the Convention does not include any requirement that such import
be for the purpose of trafficking. Instead, they submit, the Convention
imposes an obligation on Party States to criminalise the mere physical
transfer of drugs into their territories, and this is apparent from Art 36(1)
of the Convention, which provides as follows:

_Article 36_

PENAL PROVISIONS

1\. Subject to its constitutional limitations, each Party [State] shall adopt
such measures as will ensure that cultivation, production, manufacture,
extraction, preparation, possession, offering, offering for sale,
distribution, purchase, sale, delivery on any terms whatsoever, brokerage,
dispatch, dispatch in transit, _transport, importation and exportation of
drugs_ contrary to the provisions of this Convention … _shall be punishable
offences when committed intentionally_ , and that serious offences shall be
liable to adequate punishment particularly by imprisonment or other penalties
of deprivation of liberty.

[emphasis added]

This court’s decision

The DPPs’ argument based on legislative history

21 The first part of the DPPs’ argument based on legislative history is simply
that (a) Parliament, in omitting to define “import” in the 1973 MDA, intended
to apply the definition of “import” in the IA; and (b) that definition must be
given a meaning that is consistent with the meaning of “import” as
contemplated by the Convention.

22 I would agree with this argument, but it does not carry the DPPs’ overall
argument further because the IA definition applies unless “there is something
in the subject or context inconsistent with such construction”. Similarly, the
Convention definition is expressed to apply throughout the Convention
“[e]xcept … where the context otherwise requires”. Thus, the crucial question
which is not answered by the DPPs’ submission is whether the context of the IA
or the Convention requires the word “import” to be interpreted other than
according to its literal meaning as defined in s 2(1) of the IA or Art
1(1)(_m_) of the Convention. For this purpose, I proceed on the basis that
both definitions have the same meaning, except that the Convention definition
is to be preferred because it is clearer and it describes the actual process
of bringing in the drugs, _ie_ , “the physical transfer of drugs from one
State to another State”. If this definition is applied to the facts in the
present case, this would mean that the Appellant had imported the drugs into
Singapore within s 7 of the current MDA because he had physically transferred
the drugs from Johor to Singapore. This conclusion would give effect to a
legislative policy (if that be the policy) that absolutely proscribes the
bringing in of any drugs into Singapore, and that any breach of that policy
would be punishable with greater punishment than if the accused person had
distributed the drug to a consumer or to another distributor (see [53] below).

23 But, is this the legislative policy? In order to answer this question, it
is necessary to consider the legislative purpose of the offence of importation
in the context of the current MDA. What then is the purpose of s 7 of the
current MDA? Section 9A(1) of the IA requires a court to adopt a purposive
approach in interpreting a statute (_Public Prosecutor v Low Kok Heng_ [2007]
4 SLR(R) 183 at [57], and _Chief Assessor and another v First DCS Pte Ltd_
[2008] 2 SLR(R) 724 at [10]). In his second reading speech on the Misuse of
Drugs Bill 1972 that became the 1973 MDA, the Minister emphasised that the
1973 MDA was intended to bring the control of dangerous drugs “in line with
those in force in other countries closely concerned with the spread of the
addictive use of such drugs within their own countries and the increased
international traffic which supplies such demands”, and to incorporate the
different categories of control recommended by the United Nations into
domestic law (see [15] above). This statement was most likely a reference to
the Convention because Singapore acceded to the Convention only a month after
the second reading of the Misuse of Drugs Bill 1972. It is possible,
therefore, that the categories of control in the Convention may support the
DPPs’ contention that the offence of importation is committed once the drugs
are brought into Singapore regardless of the purpose of the importation.

24 Reading the Convention as a whole, it is clear that the mischief which it
is targeted at is the international trade in illicit drugs (_ie_ , drug
trafficking). It was not the first international treaty designed to combat
drug trafficking. The authors of _Commentary on the Single Convention on
Narcotic Drugs, 1961_ (United Nations, 1973) (“ _Commentary on the Single
Convention_ ”) state (at p 426), “Article 36 [of the Convention] deals with
the subject-matter covered in articles 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 14 and 15 of the
[Convention of 1936 for the Suppression of the Illicit Traffic in Dangerous
Drugs (“the 1936 Geneva Convention”)]”. The preamble to the 1936 Geneva
Convention states, “Having resolved ... to combat by the methods most
effective in the present circumstances the _illicit traffic_ in ... drugs and
substances ... [emphasis added]”. The name of the 1936 Geneva Convention
itself also indicates that its purpose is to combat drug trafficking. Various
commentators agree that the 1936 Geneva Convention was clearly targeted at
drug trafficking: see _A Century of International Drug Control_ (United
Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, 2008) at p 56; Jay Sinha, _The History and
Development of the Leading International Drug Conventions_ (February 2001);
David Bewley-Taylor and Martin Jelsma, _Fifty Years of the 1961 Single
Convention on Narcotic Drugs: A Reinterpretation_ (Transnational Institute,
March 2011) at p 5; and Julia Buxton, _The Historical Foundations of the
Narcotic Drug Control Regime_ (World Bank Policy Research Working Paper, March
2008) at p 16.

25 The 1936 Geneva Convention’s objective was also taken up in the Convention.
The authors of _Commentary on the Single Convention_ state (at p 112):

Article 45 of the Third Draft, which served as [the] working document of the
Plenipotentiary Conference, enumerated in its paragraph 1, subparagraph (_a_)
“possession” among the actions for which punishment would be required. This
paragraph is identical with the first part of paragraph 1 of article 36 of the
Single Convention, dealing with “possession” as one of the punishable
offences. Article 45 of the Third Draft is included in chapter IX, headed
“Measures against illicit traffickers”. **_This would appear to support the
opinion of those who believe that only possession for distribution, and not
that for personal consumption, is a punishable offence under article 36 of the
Single Convention_**. The Draft’s division into chapters was not taken over by
the Single Convention, and this was the only reason why the chapter heading
just mentioned was deleted, as were all the other chapter headings. _Article
36 is still in that part of the Single Convention which deals with the illicit
traffic_. It is preceded by article 35, entitled “Action against the illicit
traffic”, and followed by article 37, entitled “Seizure and confiscation”.
[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The authors of _Commentary on the Single Convention_ go on to state as follows
(at pp 426–427):

As far as possible under the complex conditions of different national views on
principles of criminal law and jurisdiction, _article 36 [of the Convention]
... tries to ensure that all activities of the illicit traffic and all forms
of participation in such activities ... will be prosecuted_ ...

...

_The enumeration in [Art 36(1)] of the activities which should be penalized
very closely followed that of article 2, paragraph (a) of the 1936
Convention_. In order to make sure that _all activities coming under the
general heading “illicit traffic” would be covered by [Art 36(1)]_ and that
any gap which may exist in the list in that provision, not only the actions
specifically mentioned but “any other action which in the opinion of ‘a Party’
may be contrary to the provisions” of the [Convention] must be treated by that
Party as a punishable offence in accordance with the terms of article 36. ...

[emphasis added]

26 Confirmatory evidence of the Convention’s purpose can be found in Art 35
which provides as follows:

ACTION AGAINST THE _ILLICIT TRAFFIC_

Having due regard to their constitutional, legal and administrative systems,
the Parties shall:

(_a_) Make arrangements at the national level for co-ordination of preventive
and repressive action against _the illicit traffic_ ...

(_b_) Assist each other in the campaign against _the illicit traffic_ in
narcotic drugs;

(_c_) Co-operate closely with each other and with the competent international
organizations of which they are members with a view to maintaining a co-
ordinated campaign against _the illicit traffic_ ;

...

[emphasis added]

Article 35 of the Convention explicitly addresses the problem of illicit
trafficking of drugs across national borders and requires Party States to
suppress such activities within their borders or to assist each other in doing
so across international borders. Illicit trafficking in drugs has two aspects:
(a) illicit trafficking within national borders; and (b) illicit trafficking
across national borders (_ie_ , where drugs are brought out of one State into
another State). Drugs can only be brought into one State from another State or
brought out of one State to another State by physical means, _ie_ , by
transporting them in one form or another by some means or other by land, sea
or air. However, such transportation is carried out not for its own sake, but
rather for a particular purpose which, as contemplated by the Convention, is
to distribute them at enormous profits to consumers (resulting in their
eventual ruination). Importation or exportation is, by itself, a neutral act
(from the perspective of the fight against drug trafficking) of physically
transferring the drugs from one State to another State. It is the trafficking
of such imported or exported drugs that the Convention is intended to target.

27 Accordingly, on a purposive interpretation of the Convention, the word
“import” in Art 36(1) of the Convention connotes the requirement of
distribution or intended distribution to other persons for their consumption
or onward trafficking. _The word “import” in Art 36(1) of the Convention does
not connote personal consumption because (a) personal consumption is not
trafficking, and (b) Art 36(1) of the Convention makes no express mention of
personal consumption of drugs_. The Convention was not intended to oblige
Party States to criminalise the mere physical transfer of drugs from one Party
State to another Party State. Rather, its purpose was to provide an
international legal framework for all Party States to criminalise the transfer
of drugs from one Party State to another Party State (a) for distribution in
that Party State (whether for profit or otherwise), or (b) for export from
that Party State to a third Party State for distribution there (whether for
profit or otherwise). Article 36(1) of the Convention, which obliges Party
States to criminalise various forms of conduct, subject to domestic
constitutional limitations, must be read in light of this purpose of the
Convention. So, for instance, Art 36(1) of the Convention does not oblige
Party States to criminalise the “dispatch, dispatch in transit, transport,
importation [or] exportation” of drugs if this conduct is done for the purpose
of _personal_ consumption.

28 Articles 31(10), 31(11) and 31(14) of the Convention are concerned with
improving international co-operation to stem the flow of illicit drugs by (a)
creating a licensing system for the legal import and export of drugs, and (b)
ensuring that Party States do not permit the unlicensed transit of drugs
through their territories. These provisions of the Convention, which deal with
“consignments of drugs”, clearly contemplate the movement of very large
quantities of drugs and are consistent with the purpose of the Convention
which is to combat drug trafficking. Furthermore, the DPPs’ reliance on these
provisions is misplaced because these provisions merely impose an obligation
on Party States at the international level and do not purport to deal with the
domestic criminal law of Party States at all.

29 The foregoing analysis of the purpose of the Convention (and of its
predecessor, the 1936 Geneva Convention) shows that the DPPs’ contention,
_viz_ , that the offence of drug importation under s 7 of the current MDA is
committed by the mere act of bringing drugs into Singapore, is based on a
literal interpretation of some provisions of the Convention and is not
justified or supported by the purpose of the Convention.

30 For the avoidance of doubt, I note that although Art 36(1) of the
Convention, interpreted in a purposive manner, does not oblige Party States to
criminalise personal consumption, this does not mean that Party States are
_prohibited_ by the Convention from doing so. Article 39 of the Convention
provides as follows:

APPLICATION OF STRICTER NATIONAL CONTROL MEASURES THAN THOSE REQUIRED BY THIS
CONVENTION

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Convention, a Party [State] shall
not be, or be deemed to be, precluded from adopting measures of control more
strict or severe than those provided by this Convention ...

The DPPs’ argument based on the case law on the offence of drug importation

31 The second limb of the DPPs’ argument relies on their interpretation of
decisions of the Court of Appeal which, in their view, have consistently held
that the offence of importation under s 7 of the current MDA is committed once
controlled drugs are brought or caused to be brought into Singapore without
authorisation, regardless of the purpose for which the drugs are imported. The
DPPs refer to the following decisions: _Ko Mun Cheung and another v Public
Prosecutor_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 887 (“ _Ko Mun Cheung (CA)_ ”), _Ng Kwok Chun and
another v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 256 (“ _Ng Kwok Chun (CA)_ ”),
_Tse Po Chung Nathan and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 308 (“
_Tse Po Chung Nathan (CA)_ ”) and _Tan Kheng Chun Ray v Public Prosecutor_
[2012] 2 SLR 437 (“ _Tan Kheng Chun Ray_ ”). I shall now discuss these cases.

The first case: Ko Mun Cheung (CA)

32 In _Ko Mun Cheung (CA)_ , the two appellants arrived at Changi Airport on a
flight from Bangkok. They were each charged under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs
Act (Cap 185, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the 1985 MDA”) with importing about 1.1kg of
diamorphine into Singapore. The High Court found that both appellants had come
into Singapore only with a view to boarding a flight to Amsterdam the next
day; they had no intention of delivering the drugs to anyone in Singapore (see
_Public Prosecutor v Ko Mun Cheung and another_ [1990] 1 SLR(R) 226 (“ _Ko Mun
Cheung (HC)_ ”)). One of the arguments raised in the appellants’ defence was
that they were not guilty of the offence of importing diamorphine into
Singapore because they had not intended to deliver the drugs to anyone in
Singapore. The High Court rejected this defence at [21]–[25] of _Ko Mun Cheung
(HC)_ as follows:

21 You, AMK [the second appellant] have admitted all along … that you knew you
were carrying “Pak Fun” from Bangkok to Amsterdam. ... You stated that … it
was your intention to carry the drug to Amsterdam but not to Singapore _and
that you broke your journey in Singapore for convenience and not with a view
to disposing of the drug in Singapore or delivering it to any person, not even
Ah Mun, your contact man in Singapore … The air tickets seized by the CNB
officers from Ah Mun corroborated your evidence as regards your intention to
carry the drug to Amsterdam. So did Ah Mun’s evidence._

22 _On this evidence, your counsel has submitted that you have not committed
the offence of importing the drug into Singapore … but only of being in
possession … The submission is valid only if the word “import” in s 7 has a
meaning which restricts it to bringing something into Singapore as its
ultimate destination_. _The [Prosecution]__has referred us to two decisions
which support the contrary view that the word “import” in s 7 should be given
its ordinary and natural meaning of bringing something into a country,
whatever the purpose may be and whether or not it is the ultimate destination
thereof_. In _R v Geesman_ (1970) 13 CRNS 240, a Quebec Sessions Court found
the accused guilty of importing hashish into Canada under s 5(1) of the
Narcotic Control Act 1960–61 when he was arrested by the customs authorities
at Dorval Airport, Montreal after arriving from Spain with ten pounds of
hashish strapped to his body which he had intended to transport to British
Columbia and then across the border to the United States. Section 5(1) [of
Canada’s Narcotic Control Act 1960–1961] is similar to s 7 of the [1985 MDA],
and neither law contains a definition of the word “import”. The President of
the court gave the word its ordinary and natural meaning, _ie_ to bring or
cause to be brought in something from a foreign country. His Honour was able
to ascertain the intention of the Canadian Parliament as to the scope of that
word by reference to Canada having ratified the [Convention], Art 1, s 1(M) of
which defines the word “import” to mean the transfer of drugs from one state
to another state. …

…

24 In our view, the reasoning in _R v Geesman_ is applicable to ascertaining
the meaning of the word “import” in s 7 of the [1985 MDA]. Singapore has also
ratified the [Convention]. The [1985 MDA] is not a law which is concerned with
customs duty but a law enacted by Parliament as part of Singapore’s efforts to
suppress the illegal importation into and exportation from Singapore of
controlled drugs as defined in the [1985 MDA].

25 _Furthermore, the [Prosecution]_ _has drawn our attention to s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1985 Rev Ed) which defines the word “import” … to
mean, “to bring or cause to be brought into Singapore by land, sea and air”.
The definition is clear and unambiguous. We do not see any reason for not
applying the statutory definition to the said word in the [1985 MDA]_.

[emphasis added]

33 On appeal, the Court of Criminal Appeal (“CCA”) affirmed the decision of
the High Court. At [20] of its judgment, the CCA said:

20 _We were unable to see any reason why the definition of “import” in the
Interpretation Act [(Cap 1, 1985 Rev Ed)] should not apply to the word
“import” in the [1985 MDA]_. We accordingly agree with the decision of the
trial judges that as the two appellants had (knowingly) brought the
diamorphine in question into Singapore, they had contravened s 7 of the [1985
MDA]. Having so decided, there is no necessity for us to consider in detail
the cases of _R v Geesman_ (1970) 13 CRNS 240, _Bell v R_ (1984) 3 DLR (4d)
385 and _R v Smith (Donald)_ [1973] QB 924 referred to by the trial judges.
Suffice it to say that _those cases lend support to the view taken that the
offence under s 7 of the [1985 MDA]__is committed when the drugs are brought
into Singapore regardless of whether or not Singapore is the ultimate
destination of the drugs_. [emphasis added]

34 In _Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_ and _Ko Mun Cheung (CA)_ , the issue of personal
consumption as a defence to the capital charge did not arise as the appellants
did not raise the defence. Their defence was that the drugs _were meant for
distribution not in Singapore but only_ _in Amsterdam_ , and that they had
agreed to be the couriers because they were in debt to one “Ah Lock”; they
themselves were not drug addicts. The decisions of the High Court and of the
CCA accordingly do not support the DPPs’ argument.

The second case: Ng Kwok Chun (CA)

35 The facts in _Ng Kwok Chun (CA)_ were slightly different from those in _Ko
Mun Cheung (CA)_. The two appellants arrived at Changi Airport on a flight
from Phuket which landed at about 2.20pm on 26 April 1989. They had a
connecting flight to Brussels, which was scheduled to depart at 6.15pm on the
same day. The first appellant was carrying 2.3kg of diamorphine while the
second appellant was carrying 2.5kg of diamorphine. They were arrested in the
transit area of Changi Airport. Their defence was that since they had not gone
through passport control, they had not entered Singapore, and therefore could
not have imported the drugs into Singapore. The High Court rejected this
defence in _Public Prosecutor v Ng Kwok Chun and another_ [1992] 1 SLR(R) 159
for the following reasons:

22 Counsel invited us to give the word “import” a restricted meaning [to
exclude “transit lounge” cases]. To accord such an interpretation would, in
our view, run counter to the intent of the Legislature. The [1985 MDA] is not
concerned or connected with collection of customs duty or monitoring the entry
of people into Singapore. _The law enacted by the Singapore Parliament was to
suppress and wipe out drug trafficking and drug importation without
authorisation under the [1985 MDA]._

23 In our view, the words “import into Singapore” as used in the [1985 MDA] is
[_sic_] not intended to bear the narrow and uniquely specialised meaning for
which defence counsel contended. To subscribe to the view advocated by counsel
for [the first appellant] would negative its purport and be a construction
contrary to the intention of the Legislature. Our view is therefore in tandem
with the opinion expressed … in [_Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_] … and we are of the
view that _the word “import” must include the bringing in of any merchandise
from a foreign country for sale or use in Singapore as well as for
transhipment or distribution overseas. It follows therefore that bringing
drugs from elsewhere into Singapore albeit into the transit lounge of the
Singapore airport with a view only to proceeding to another destination would
fall within the scope and ambit of the word “import” as used in s 7 of the
[1985 MDA]_.

[emphasis added]

36 On appeal, the CCA dismissed the appeal and said:

12 We therefore turn to examine the meaning of “import” in s 7 of the Act
[_ie_ , the 1985 MDA]. As there is no definition of “import” in the Act
itself, the issue is whether there is anything in the subject or the context
of s 7 of the Act that is inconsistent with the meaning ascribed to it by s 2
of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1) [_ie_ , the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1985
Rev Ed)]. We start first with the legislative intent of the Act. The long
title of the Act states that it is an Act “… for the control of dangerous or
otherwise harmful drugs and for purposes connected therewith”. The purpose of
the Act has been described by the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_
[1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 at [38] as follows:

The social object of the Drugs Act [_ie_ , the 1973 MDA] is **_to prevent the
growth of drug addiction in Singapore by stamping out the illicit drug
trade_** _and, in particular, the trade in those most dangerously addictive
drugs, heroin and morphine_.

13 The purpose of the Act was also considered in this court in _Lau Chi Sing v
PP_ [1988] 2 SLR(R) 451. It was argued that for the purpose of trafficking in
drugs by transporting them contrary to s 5 of the Act, it was necessary that
the destination of the transportation be within Singapore. This court rejected
the argument in principle, stating as follows (at [10]):

Apart from authority, it is plain that the proposition submitted by counsel
for the appellant could not have been intended by Parliament. To accept
counsel’s submission that one has not committed the offence of trafficking
where one has transported drugs within Singapore merely because such drugs
were transported with the intention of delivering them to someone else in some
other country, would be to declare Singapore as a safe transit point for drug
traffickers all over the world. Such a result is wholly unacceptable. We can
see no difference between a person who has been caught transporting drugs and
delivering the drugs to another in Singapore, and that other person who is
then caught transporting the same drugs within Singapore but is found to be in
possession for the sole purpose of bringing them out of Singapore to be
delivered to someone in a foreign country. It seems to us absurd to suggest
that in such a case the first transporter should be guilty of trafficking but
the second not. Yet, this would be the conclusion if the submission by counsel
for the appellant were accepted.

14 These statements of the purpose of the Act, and, in particular, the
statement in _Lau Chi Sing_ ([13] _supra_), indicate that **_the Act is
directed not simply at the control of the use and distribution of the drugs in
Singapore_** ,**_but also at the movement of drugs through Singapore for
distribution in other countries_** _. This purpose is attained by giving the
word “import” in the Act the meaning ascribed to the word by s 2 of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1)__and, in our view, it would be frustrated by a
narrower and more restricted meaning_.

...

24 _[Articles 31(10), 31(11) and 31(14) of the Convention] make it abundantly
clear that the Convention imposes an obligation on its signatories to ensure
that their territory is not used as a transit point for the illegal movement
of drugs_.

…

34 In view of the authorities and the considerations stated above, we were
unable to accept the arguments … that _Ko Mun Cheung_ _[(CA)]_ … was wrongly
decided. In our view, the meaning given to the term “import” in s 7 of the Act
by this court gives effect to the intention and the policy of the Act. We do
not think that such meaning is contrary to international comity although it
may in some instances result in the infliction of a punishment imposed by
Singapore law which is heavier than that which would have been imposed by the
country of ultimate destination. … This court in _Lau Chi Sing_ ([13] _supra_
at [14]) stated, in the context of an argument that punishing the
transportation of drugs intended for another country would be contrary to
international comity, that:

_It would not savour of comity to treat such transportation of drugs within
Singapore as excusable merely because they are, so to speak, in transit, and
are_ **_intended to be delivered to someone else in another country_**.

35 The same point applies to the present case. _In our view, international
comity does not require that Singapore refrain from stamping out any
inclination to use her as a staging post for the movement of drugs between
countries.__The Convention clearly indicates the contrary: comity requires
that she exerts every effort to prevent illegal movement of drugs. The
Legislature has enacted the Act to give effect to its obligations under the
Convention and the courts would be frustrating the policy and the intention of
the Legislature to give the word “import” in the Act a meaning which is
different from the meaning given to it by the Interpretation Act (Cap 1)._

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

37 Again, the issue of personal consumption did not arise in that case.
However, the High Court stated (_obiter_ at [23] of its judgment), that “the
word “import” must include the bringing in of any merchandise from a foreign
country for sale or use in Singapore as well as for transhipment or
distribution overseas”. The CCA agreed with the High Court’s interpretation at
[14] of its judgment (see [36] above) in holding that “the Act is directed not
simply at the control of the use and distribution of the drugs in Singapore,
but also at the movement of drugs through Singapore for distribution in other
countries _”._ Central to both statements is the focus on the distribution and
use (other than for personal consumption) of the imported drugs. The
appellants had clearly intended to transport the large quantity of diamorphine
to Brussels for the purpose of distribution or use (other than for personal
consumption) there. As in _Ko Mun Cheung (CA)_ , the appellants in this case
had agreed to be the couriers because they were in debt; they themselves were
not drug addicts.

The third case: Tse Po Chung Nathan (CA)

38 In _Tse Po Chung Nathan (CA)_ , the two appellants arrived at Changi
Airport on a flight from Phuket which landed at 2.24pm on 28 February 1989.
They had a connecting flight to Amsterdam at 9.55pm on the same day. They were
each carrying about 2.1kg of diamorphine. They were arrested in the transit
lounge of Changi Airport. Their defence was identical to that raised by the
appellants in _Ng Kwok Chun (CA)._ They argued that they had not “imported”
the drugs into Singapore because they had not entered Singapore. The CCA held
as follows:

18 The objects of [the 1985 MDA] are clear, namely, to eradicate drug abuse
and drug trafficking. There is a clear and simple definition of the word
“import” in our Interpretation Act [_ie_ , the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1985
Rev Ed)]. There is nothing in the context or subject of the [1985] MDA which
demands that that definition should not be applied to the [1985] MDA. … _To
construe the word “import” in the restricted sense contended by the appellants
here would mean that drug runners could use the Changi Airport transit lounge
as a centre for international drug trafficking. This would be contrary to
Singapore’s solemn obligation under the [Convention]: see in particular Art
31, paras 10, 11 and 14_. It may well be that the word “import” could have a
technical or special meaning in other Acts (_eg_ our Customs Act) or contexts
but not here. Accordingly, we do not think there is any reason for this court
to construe the word “import” differently from that in _Ng Kwok Chun_ _[(CA)]_
… [emphasis added]

The fourth case: Tan Kheng Chun Ray

39 The final case which the DPPs relied upon is _Tan Kheng Chun Ray._ In that
case, the appellant drove into Singapore from Malaysia via the Causeway on 10
October 2009. At the Woodlands Checkpoint, an inspection of the appellant’s
car revealed the presence of drugs and drug paraphernalia. The appellant
pleaded guilty to seven charges under the current MDA for, _inter alia_ , the
importation, possession and consumption of controlled drugs. The first charge
was for importing four packets of granular/powdery substance containing not
less than 14.99g of diamorphine (“the First Charge”). The second charge was
for importing two packets of crystalline substance containing not less than
1.12g of methamphetamine (“the Second Charge”). The appellant was sentenced by
the High Court to 22 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane on the
First Charge, and five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane on the
Second Charge (see _Public Prosecutor v Tan Kheng Chun Ray_ [2011] SGHC 183).
The High Court ordered that the sentences for these two charges (collectively,
“the First and Second Charges”) should run consecutively (with the sentences
for the five remaining charges running concurrently), with the result that the
total sentence was 27 years’ imprisonment and 20 strokes of the cane.

40 The appellant appealed against sentence. One of his grounds of appeal was
that the one transaction rule applied to the First and Second Charges, and
therefore the High Court should not have ordered that the sentences in respect
of these charges were to run consecutively. At [17] of its judgment, the Court
of Appeal said:

17 The Judge in the present case considered that the one-transaction rule did
not apply in respect of the First and Second Charges because the drugs in
respect of each of the two charges were imported for different purposes: the
diamorphine was imported for the specific purpose of passing on to a drug
courier whilst the met[h]amphetamine was imported for the [a]ppellant’s own
consumption … This, in our view, would be an unsatisfactory application of the
one-transaction rule because **_importing drugs for the purpose of trafficking
is more serious than importation of drugs for one’s own consumption_**. Such a
view is founded upon the fact that trafficking in drugs generally carries
stiffer penalties as compared to possession and/or consumption of drugs (see
the Second Schedule to the [current MDA] for the prescribed penalties). Given
that it is trite that **_motive in committing an offence is a relevant
sentencing consideration_** (see, for example, the Singapore High Court
decision of _Zhao Zhipeng v PP_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 879 at [37]), it would, with
respect, be wrong, on the facts of this particular case, to reject the one-
transaction rule and sentence a less culpable offender to a more severe
sentence …

[emphasis in bold and underlining added by the DPPs]

The DPPs submit that the Court of Appeal in the above passage had “clearly
addressed its mind to the factual matrix of the appellant having imported
methamphetamine for his own consumption, and concluded that the motive behind
the importing of drugs was relevant only as a sentencing consideration”[note:
1].

41 I do not agree with this submission insofar as it implies that the Court of
Appeal had rejected the defence of personal consumption to a charge of
importation. Such a defence was not raised and not addressed by the Court of
Appeal. What the Court of Appeal said at [17] of its judgment (see [40] above)
was that “motive in committing an offence _is_ a relevant sentencing
consideration” [emphasis added], and not that motive is _irrelevant_ _for
other purposes_. Furthermore, the Court of Appeal was only concerned with
whether the two offences, _viz_ , importation of diamorphine for the purpose
of trafficking and methamphetamine for the purpose of personal consumption,
committed at the same time by the appellant could be subject to the one-
transaction rule. The Court of Appeal held (at [18] of its judgment) that the
one-transaction rule should apply in respect of the First and Second Charges
because these offences were committed in one instance insofar as the appellant
had imported both the diamorphine and methamphetamine into Singapore at the
same time via the same modus by transporting them in his vehicle, and
therefore the sentences for the First and Second Charges should be served
concurrently.

42 To summarise the holdings in the four decisions of the CCA and the Court of
Appeal discussed above, none of them addressed the question of law before me
as to whether the offence of importation under s 7 of the current MDA is
committed where the purpose of the importation is not to distribute the drugs
either within Singapore or in another State but for the purpose of the
importer’s own consumption.

Public Prosecutor v Majid Bin Abdul Rahim [2007] SGDC 222

43 This question of law, however, arose directly in _Public Prosecutor v Majid
Bin Abdul Rahim_ [2007] SGDC 222 (“ _Majid_ ”). The accused was charged with
importing four packets of granular/powdery substance containing 1.23g of
diamorphine into Singapore under s 7 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001
Rev Ed) (“the 2001 MDA”). He raised the defence that the drugs were meant for
his own consumption and therefore he was not guilty of the offence of
importation, but only of possession of controlled drugs under s 8(_a_) of the
2001 MDA. The district judge rejected this argument on the following grounds:

4 It was the submission of the defence that even though … [_Ko Mun Cheung_
_(HC)_] … had ruled that the statutory definition of the word “import” in
Section 2 of the Interpretation Act [(Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)] … should apply to
the word “import” in the [2001 MDA], the accused in this case, because of the
fact that the amount of controlled drugs that he brought into Singapore was
only 1.23 grams and because … the drugs were meant for his own consumption
should only be considered to have “transported” the controlled drug, and “mere
transportation of drug will not amount to trafficking unless it is shown that
it is to be delivered to some third person” (_Ong Ah Chuan vs. PP_ [1981] 1
MLJ 64).

5 There was nothing wrong with learned counsel’s submission with regard to the
definition of “transport” in the context of the definition of “trafficking” in
Section 2 of the [2001 MDA]. Unfortunately for the accused in this case, the
charge against him was not for an offence [of trafficking] under Section 5 of
the [2001 MDA] but for an offence of “importing” under Section 7 of the [2001
MDA].

6 The social object to [_sic_] the [2001 MDA] is to prevent the growth of drug
addiction in Singapore and the legislature has seen it fit to provide for
different penalties for possession, trafficking, importing and other offences
under the [2001 MDA]. Counsel for the defence was wrong when he submitted that
“the punishments prescribed for trafficking and importing are identical”.
Whilst the minimum punishments for importing and trafficking in Class A drugs
are similar, the minimum punishments for importing and trafficking in Class B
and Class C drugs are not the same. The minimum punishments for importing
Class B and Class C drugs are higher than for trafficking in the similar drugs
(5 years and 5 strokes for importing a Class B drug and 3 years and 3 strokes
for trafficking in a Class B drug. For importing a Class C drug, the minimum
sentence is 3 years and 5 strokes and for trafficking, it is 2 years and 2
strokes). _As mentioned earlier …_ [Ko Mun Cheung (HC)] _has ruled on the
definition of “import” in the [2001 MDA] and there was absolutely no reason
for the court to agree with defence counsel that an offence under Section 7 of
the [2001 MDA] would not be committed unless the importer intended to deliver
the controlled drug to other parties._

[emphasis added]

44 The district judge sentenced the accused to six years’ imprisonment and
five strokes of the cane for the importation charge. The accused appealed
against conviction and sentence in Magistrate’s Appeal No 149 of 2007 (“MA
149/2007”). His sole ground of appeal against conviction was that the drugs
were meant for his own consumption and therefore he was not guilty of the
offence of importation, but only of possession of controlled drugs under s
8(_a_) of the 2001 MDA. His appeal against conviction and sentence was
dismissed by a High Court judge in October 2007 without giving any written
grounds. As my perusal of the appeal record in MA 149/2007 discloses that
there was no submission based on the legislative history and purpose of the
1973 MDA (and the subsequent amendments in 1975 which introduced the mandatory
death penalty) as well as that of the Convention, I will examine afresh the
reasoning of the district judge in _Majid_ to determine its soundness in law.

Whether a person bringing drugs into Singapore for personal consumption is
guilty of the offence of importation

45 In _Majid_ , the district judge relied on three reasons in holding that
there is a difference in kind between the offence of trafficking and the
offence of importation. The first reason was that the case law on trafficking
was irrelevant because the charge against the accused was that of importation
and not trafficking. The second reason, which can be dismissed immediately as
erroneous (see [34] above), was that the High Court in _Ko Mun Cheung (HC)_
decided, implicitly, that personal consumption was not a defence to the
offence of importation. The third reason was that the offence of importation
carries a higher punishment than trafficking in relation to Class B and Class
C controlled drugs, and therefore they are different offences.

46 With respect to the first reason – that the case law on trafficking was
irrelevant because the charge was that of importation – the district judge did
not go on to consider whether the _reasoning_ in the case law on trafficking
could nonetheless be applied where the charge was that of importation.

47 Section 2 of the current MDA (see [13] above) defines “traffic” as doing or
offering to do one of the following acts: selling, giving, administering,
transporting, sending, delivering or distributing. The courts have
consistently held that where an accused person is charged with trafficking by
transportation, it is not sufficient merely to prove that he had transported
the drugs because he must also have transported the drugs for the purpose of
distribution to another person or persons. As Lord Diplock said in _Ong Ah
Chuan and another v Public Prosecutor_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710 (“ _Ong Ah
Chuan_ ”):

10 To “traffic” in a controlled drug so as to constitute the offence of
trafficking under s 3 [the then equivalent of s 5 of the current MDA],
involves something more than passive possession or self-administration of the
drug; it involves doing or offering to do an overt act of one or other of the
kinds specified in para (_a_) of the definition of “traffic” and “trafficking”
in s 2. _Even apart from any statutory definition, the ordinary meaning of the
verb “to traffic”, in the particular context of trafficking in goods of any
kind, imports the existence, either in fact or in contemplation, of at least
two parties: a supplier and a person to whom the goods are to be supplied_.
This concept, involving transfer of possession is reflected in the statutory
definition itself. Of the seven verbs used to describe the various kinds of
overt acts which constitute trafficking “transport” is sandwiched between
“sell, give, administer” which precede it, and “send, deliver or distribute”
which follow it. All of these other verbs refer to various ways in which a
supplier or distributor, who has drugs in his possession, may transfer
possession of them to some other person. _“Transport”, although it must
involve possession of the drugs by the person who transports them, is the only
member of the heptad of verbs that is not inconsistent with the retention of
possession of the drugs by him after their transport. It must mean moving the
drugs from one place to another; it may mean moving them also to another
person but it need not do so. Whether it bears the wider or the narrower
meaning depends upon the context in which the verb appears_. In their
Lordships’ view the immediate context of the verb “transport”, to which
attention has been drawn, attracts the maxim _noscitur a sociis_. This, and
the fact that it appears in the definition of the verb to “traffic”, of which
the natural meaning in the context of trafficking in goods involves dealings
between two parties at least, and that _the evident purpose of the [1973 MDA]
is to distinguish between dealers in drugs and the unfortunate addicts who are
their victims_ , _all combine to make it clear that “transport” is not used in
the sense of mere conveying or carrying or moving from one place to another
but in the sense of doing so to promote the distribution of the drug to
another.__Supplying or distributing addictive drugs to others is the evil
against which s 3 with its draconian penalties is directed_.

...

12 _..._ _[S]imply to transport from one place to another a quantity of a
controlled drug intended for one’s own consumption_ _... involves an offence
of having the drug in one’s possession under s 6_ [the then equivalent of s
8(_a_) of the current MDA] _but does not amount to the offence of trafficking
under s 3. It is otherwise, however, if the transporter’s purpose, whether it
is achieved or not, is to part with possession of the drug or any portion of
it to some other person whether already known to him or a potential purchaser
whom he hopes to find_. …

[emphasis added]

48 The Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ adopted this interpretation of the
offence of trafficking because it found that Parliament had not intended the
scope of this offence to include the situation where the accused person had
transported drugs for personal consumption. This reasoning was applied
subsequently by the Court of Appeal in _Lau Chi Sing v Public Prosecutor_
[1988] 2 SLR(R) 451 (“ _Lau Chi Sing (CA)_ ”). In that case, the accused
arrived in Singapore from Kuala Lumpur and checked into a hotel in Geylang. On
the following day, he took a taxi to Changi Airport. He was arrested at the
airport after he checked in for a flight to Amsterdam. He was subsequently
charged with trafficking in 242.85g of diamorphine by transporting it from
Geylang to Changi Airport. The accused’s evidence was that he had transported
the drugs from Geylang to Changi Airport for distribution in Amsterdam and not
in Singapore. One of the arguments raised in his defence was that he had not
in law committed the offence of drug trafficking because the intended
destination of the drugs was Amsterdam and not Singapore. The High Court
rejected this defence, holding as follows (see _Public Prosecutor v_ _Lau Chi
Sing_ [1987] SLR(R) 617):

18 One point which has not been explicitly covered in this very comprehensive
judgment [in _Ong Ah Chuan_] is the position such as the instant case where
the transporter is transporting the drugs out of this country for distribution
abroad. But it seems to us that it is implicit in that judgment that such an
act of transporting falls within the meaning of “transport” in s 2. As decided
there, the test for determining whether an act of transporting drugs from one
point to another within the meaning of “transport” in s 2 is the purpose for
which the drugs are being transported. _If the drugs are transported for the
purpose of distributing or giving them to one or more persons, known or in
contemplation, at the intended destination then that act of transporting falls
within the statutory meaning and is an act of trafficking; if, on the other
hand, the purpose is for the transporter’s own consumption, such act of
transporting is not trafficking within the meaning of s 2_. Hence, it seems to
us that so long as the drugs are transported for the purpose of distribution,
it is immaterial whether the intended distribution takes place here or abroad.
We are not, in this case, concerned with the act of distribution but with the
act of transporting for the purpose of distribution. _The gravamen of the
charge in this case is not the act of distributing the drugs but the act of
transporting them for the purpose of distribution_. Adopting the words of Lord
Diplock, if the purpose for which the drugs are being moved is to transfer
possession from the mover to some other person known or in contemplation at
the intended destination the mover is guilty of the offence of trafficking in
drugs, irrespective of whether the purpose is achieved or not and – we would
add – irrespective of whether the intended destination is here or abroad.
Logically, it must follow that such a mover commits the offence immediately
after he has begun his journey of moving the drugs, irrespective of whether he
reaches his destination or not. Again, adopting the words of Lord Diplock, _it
is the act of transporting drugs for the purpose of distribution which is one
of the evils against which s 5, with its draconian penalties, is directed_.
[emphasis added]

49 The decision of the High Court was upheld on appeal: see _Lau Chi Sing
(CA)_. The CCA stated:

9 In our opinion counsel for the appellant had misunderstood the Privy Council
decision in _Ong Ah Chuan_ … The reference to the purpose for which drugs are
being transported was a commonsensible one and was made for the sole reason
that _otherwise the mere act of transporting drugs would amount to the offence
of trafficking under the [1985 MDA] even though the drugs are intended for the
transporter’s own consumption.__Such a result would be repugnant to the
ordinary meaning of the word “traffic” and to the structure of the [1985 MDA]
which draws a distinction between the offence of possession and that of
trafficking, the latter being punishable with far heavier penalties including,
in certain cases, death._ [emphasis added]

50 The question then is whether the reasoning in _Ong Ah Chuan_ and _Lau Chi
Sing (CA)_ applies where the charge is one of importation. The reasoning in
those cases applies with equal force where the charge is one of importation
as, in my view, Parliament did not intend the scope of the offence of
importation to include the case of the accused person bringing into Singapore
drugs for his personal consumption. The offence of importation is, in
substance, trafficking across national borders. The enactment of the 1973 MDA
and its subsequent amendment in 1975 to impose more severe punishments was
expressly intended to combat drug trafficking while at the same time creating
and preserving a distinction between drug dealers, who would bear the full
brunt of the harsh penalties, and drug addicts, who would not (see [15]–[17]
above). This dual objective of our drugs legislation has been consistently
reiterated over the years when the scope of the mandatory death penalty was
widened to include opium, cannabis, cocaine and methamphetamine (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (30 November 1989) vol 54
at cols 862–864, and _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (1
June 1998) vol 69 at cols 40–43). Interpreting the offence of importation to
include importation for the purpose of personal consumption would be
inconsistent with Parliament’s intention to maintain the distinction between
the more harmful activity to the general public of a drug trafficker and the
less harmful activity of a drug addict bringing in drugs for his own
consumption. The same reasoning would apply in the case of the offence of
exportation.

51 In addition, interpreting the offence of importation to require that the
importation be for the purpose of trafficking will not undermine the intention
of Parliament to combat drug trafficking. Where an accused person imports for
the purpose of personal consumption, he harms himself and not the larger class
of drug addicts. Of course, where he imports more drugs than is necessary for
his own consumption intending to distribute the quantity in excess, he will
also be guilty of trafficking with respect to the quantity in excess. An
inference of such intention may be drawn from the quantity of drugs imported
(see [61] below). Where an accused person imports for the purpose of
trafficking, the drugs will destroy the lives of many others. As the High
Court observed in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Kiam Peng_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 522 at
[8]:

8 The drug trade is a major social evil. While drug peddlers may not be
visibly seen or caught taking away or damaging lives, they nonetheless inflict
alarmingly insidious problems on society that have the potential to destroy
its very fabric if left unchecked. _Each successful trafficker has the
disturbing potential to inflict enormous and enduring harm over an extremely
wide circle of victims. Apart from the harm that drugs inflict on an addict’s
well-being, drug trafficking engenders and feeds a vicious cycle of crime that
inexorably ripples through the community._ [emphasis added]

Construed in this way, the offence of unauthorised importation of controlled
drugs under s 7 of the current MDA deals with the cross-border trafficking (by
transportation) of controlled drugs, while the offence of trafficking under s
5 of the current MDA deals with the trafficking of controlled drugs within
Singapore.

52 The courts must always consider the purpose of the law and not simply the
letter of the law. A useful illustration of a nuanced, purposive, approach is
the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Ng Yang Sek v Public Prosecutor_
[1997] 2 SLR(R) 816 (“ _Ng Yang Sek_ ”). In that case, the accused was
arrested while travelling in a taxi and found in possession of 3,449g of
opium. Another 13,956.1g of opium was found in his house. He was charged with
two charges of trafficking under s 5 of the 1985 MDA. The trial judge found
that the accused was a practitioner of Chinese medicine and that the opium in
his possession was used solely for the manufacture of medicinal plasters.
Nonetheless, the trial judge convicted the accused of trafficking and
sentenced him to the mandatory death penalty. On appeal, the Court of Appeal
set aside the conviction on the charges of trafficking for the following
reasons:

35 The central issue raised in this appeal therefore is the definition of
“trafficking”. As previously mentioned, the trial judge took a literal
approach to this question. Before us, the DPP argued that, even if the
definition attributed to the term “administer” by the trial judge was wrong,
the appellant by his own admission was “selling” or “giving” the opium in the
form of medicinal plasters. As also mentioned previously, the crucial issue
was whether the appellant's avowed purpose for the opium took his actions out
of the meaning of “trafficking”.

36 Although there are no authorities directly on point, in the seminal case of
_Ong Ah Chuan v PP_ [1979–1980] SLR(R) 710, the Privy Council declined to
interpret the s 2 definition of “trafficking” literally. It was stated by
their Lordships that the mere physical conveyance of drugs is not
“transporting” under s 2 if it is not accompanied by the ultimate purpose that
the drugs be distributed (see also _Tan Meng Jee v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR(R) 178).
_The underlying rationale of these cases is that, if the law does not give
these verbs such an interpretation, there is no distinction between drug
dealers and drug addicts engaged in the physical transporting of drugs, the
one for distribution and the other for his own consumption_ …

...

[In _Ong Ah Chuan_ ,] Lord Diplock was influenced into arriving at the above
conclusion, _inter alia_ , by the “natural meaning” of the verb “traffic” and
the “evident purpose” of the Act which was to _distinguish between dealers in
drugs and their addict victims and whose draconian penalty was directed at
those who supply or distribute addictive drugs to others.__The Act after all
provides for a separate and less serious offence of possession under s 8 thus
acknowledging the qualitative difference between the acts of “trafficking” and
acts of “possession”._

37 Perhaps another example to illustrate why the courts should not invariably
adopt a literal approach concerns the term “administer”. The plain meaning of
this term need not envisage the transfer of the drug to another person. The
appellant could administer the drug to himself and on the face of the s 2
definition, this would be considered “trafficking” as well. _The obvious
absurdity of such a result precludes its occurrence._ Yet another example is
the case where a person is arrested outside a neighbourhood police post with
the controlled drugs and he manages to rebut the presumption in s 17 by
establishing that his intent was to surrender the drugs to the authorities.
Surely in such a case that person is not in the act of “giving” the drugs in
the sense used by the s 2 definition? _The point is that the application of
the plain meaning of the s 2 definition of “trafficking” can, and in certain
circumstances must, be construed in the light of the purpose of the
legislation to avoid injustice._

38 The s 2 definition is drafted broadly to maximise the efficacy of the Act
in controlling drug trafficking. Nevertheless, _Ong Ah Chuan_ and the line of
cases following it which have recognised the defence of self-consumption show
that the courts have in that context refused to take the definition on its
face. There are distinctions to be drawn between certain acts, which although
they may be described by the same verbs in s 2, nevertheless take place within
different factual contexts. _These distinctions, if drawn, are not
inconsistent with the purpose of the legislation. In fact, they are inherent
in the legislation itself, if not expressly stated, and certainly can be
identified in the debates preceding the passing of the legislation. The courts
have been alive to this. By interpreting the legislation to reflect these
distinctions, the courts, rather than defeating the intention of Parliament,
are instead ensuring that the legislation operates in a manner conforming with
its object._ Borrowing the words of Dube J in _Regina v Rousseau_ (1991) 70
CCC (3d) 445, “it is not necessary to sacrifice the object pursued by
Parliament on the altar of formalism”.

...

40 The ministerial speeches, members’ speeches and ministerial replies at each
of the debates concerning the introduction of the Act and its amendments are
_replete with references to the need to control the spread of the addictive
use of drugs and the “international traffic which supplies such demands” by
using severe penalties to deal with the so-called merchants of death who ply
their evil trade._

41 Parliament, as the trial judge correctly pointed out, had “foreseen the
need for a very strict control on the possession and movement of drugs to
Singapore and also within it”. However, in our opinion, this does not lead
inexorably to the conclusion that what the appellant was guilty of doing was
“trafficking”. That he was in possession of a controlled drug and therefore
guilty of an offence under s 8 of the Act is, in our opinion, not in doubt.
However, whether he was engaged in “trafficking” is an altogether different
question. _It is clear to us that the appellant does not fall within the class
of offenders which Parliament had in mind when it enacted s 5 of the Act. The
opium in the appellant’s possession was never meant or even remotely
contemplated to be used in a manner associated with drug addiction. On the
incontrovertible evidence before us, it can be categorically stated that he
was never associated in any way with the “evil trade” in narcotics. Such a
result as arrived at by the trial judge is furthermore not dictated by the
legislation. As discussed above, the authorities show that the courts have
previously refrained from a literal interpretation of the s 2 definition.
Although not directly on point, those cases show that there are situations
where it would be unduly formalistic to apply the Act literally especially in
view of its avowed purpose and the draconian sanction for trafficking. In our
opinion, the present case is one such situation._

...

46 _In our judgment, it is clear beyond doubt that the appellant’s conduct
should not attract the disapprobation that is reserved for the drug dealers
who exploit the vulnerability of addicts and who spread the poison of narcotic
addiction in society. The dangers associated with the appellant’s possession
of drugs_ , eg _that they could inadvertently fall into the wrong hands, are
under the scheme of the Act to be punishable under s 8 and not s 5. In our
opinion, it is unarguable that Parliament did not intend that the legislation
operate in such a way as held by the trial judge and contended for by the
Prosecution. These interpretations are unduly formalistic and pay undue
deference to the letter of the law, not its object._

47 Accordingly, we allow the appeal and order that the appellant’s conviction
for trafficking be substituted by one for possession.

[emphasis added]

**Why are the punishments for importing higher than those for trafficking in
relation to Class B and Class C controlled drugs?**

53 What then of the third reason given by the district judge in _Majid_ that
the offence of importation is different and distinct from the offence of
trafficking because the punishment for the first offence is higher than the
second offence with respect to Class B and Class C controlled drugs? Why
should there be a difference in the punishments and how can this difference be
accounted for except on the basis that they are two entirely different
offences? Unfortunately, the parliamentary materials do not address this
issue, and therefore the court must try to identify a probable basis for this
difference. In my view, a reasonable explanation for the difference, and one
that goes to the heart of the law in combating the spread of drug consumption
within a State, is that the physical transfer of drugs from one State into
another State increases the stock of drugs in the second State and thereby
potentially increases the harm to its residents in making available for
trafficking more drugs than before. Therefore, the offence of importation is
potentially more harmful than the offence of trafficking an existing stock or
supply of drugs which reduces that stock or supply over time. As the
exportation of drugs to another State is the mirror image of importation (with
the difference being one of perspective), the same explanation applies equally
to the offence of exportation.

54 However, the higher potential harm of importation as compared to
trafficking does not justify interpreting the offence of importation as being
distinct from the offence of trafficking which is not committed where the
accused person transports drugs for the purpose of personal consumption (as
the Privy Council held in _Ong Ah Chuan_). First, Parliament had clearly
intended to distinguish between drug dealers and drug addicts (see [50] above)
and it is consistent with, and would further, this intention to interpret the
offence of importation as being committed only where the accused person had
imported the drugs for the purpose of trafficking. Secondly, the higher
potential harm of importation only arises where the drugs are in fact imported
for the purpose of trafficking. To import drugs is to bring them into
Singapore from another State. Drugs can only be brought into Singapore by some
form of conveyance that effects the physical transfer (in the words of Art
1(1)(_m_) of the Convention) of the drugs from another State into Singapore.
The word “import” therefore merely describes the process of transporting the
drugs physically from another State into Singapore. The extent of the harm
caused by such importation depends on the purpose of the importation. _Ex
hypothesi_ , there is no increase in the stock of drugs for trafficking if the
accused person imports for personal consumption.

55 The same rationale is also applicable to explain the severe punishments for
the unauthorised manufacture of controlled drugs in Singapore which is an
offence under s 6 of the current MDA. The word “manufacture” is defined in s 2
of the current MDA as follows:

“manufacture”, in relation to —

(_a_) a controlled drug, includes any process of producing the drug and the
refining _or transformation of one drug_ into another; or

(_b_) a controlled substance, includes any process of producing the substance
and the refining or transformation of one substance into another;

It may be noted that the definition says nothing about the purposes for which
a controlled drug is manufactured. The Second Schedule to the current MDA
prescribes the death penalty for the offence of manufacturing morphine,
diamorphine, cocaine or methamphetamine, whatever the quantity that may be
manufactured. For other Class A drugs, the minimum punishment is 10 years’
imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane and the maximum punishment is 30 years’
imprisonment or life imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. For Class B
drugs, the punishment is the same as for Class A drugs (other than morphine,
diamorphine, cocaine and methamphetamine). For Class C drugs, the minimum
punishment is 5 years’ imprisonment and 5 strokes of the cane and the maximum
punishment is 20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. These
punishments are more severe than those for importation and trafficking.

56 It can reasonably be argued that the manufacture of controlled drugs in
Singapore will increase the stock of drugs available for distribution to
consumers and must therefore be punished more severely than the offence of
trafficking of an existing stock of drugs which thereby reduces the stock in
the course of time. Yet, it is even more reasonable to argue that it cannot
have been the legislative intent that if someone manufactures only 0.01g of
morphine, diamorphine, cocaine or methamphetamine, he shall suffer the death
penalty even though he then consumes it himself or destroys it. That would be
an absurd interpretation of the offence of manufacturing controlled drugs
without authorisation. It is absurd because the mere manufacturing of
controlled drugs is, _per se_ , a neutral act (from the perspective of the
fight against drug trafficking). It causes no harm to others if the
manufactured drugs are not distributed for consumption by others. If the
manufactured drugs are used for personal consumption, the manufacture of these
drugs does not increase the stock or supply of drugs for distribution. In my
view, the sensible and correct approach is to construe the offence of
unauthorised manufacture of controlled drugs under s 6 of the current MDA as
being committed only if the drugs are intended for distribution to drug
addicts within Singapore or outside Singapore. This interpretation is
consistent with the legislative intent as explained in Parliament in November
1975 by the then Minister for Home Affairs and Education (see [16] and [50]
above).

57 While the punishments for manufacturing are higher than those for
importation, this does not indicate that the offence of manufacturing was
intended by Parliament to include the situation where the accused manufactured
drugs for personal consumption. Parliament had clearly intended to preserve a
distinction between drug dealers and drug addicts, and interpreting the
offence of manufacturing to require that the manufacturing be for the purpose
of trafficking would not undermine Parliament’s intention to combat drug
trafficking (see also [54] above in the context of the offence of
importation).

58 I therefore conclude that the higher punishments prescribed for the
unauthorised importation or manufacture of controlled drugs is not a
sufficient reason for rejecting personal consumption as a defence to a charge
of importation or manufacture of such drugs. Interpreting these offences as
requiring that the importation or manufacture be done for the purpose of
trafficking will lend coherence to the statutory framework in the current MDA
which is intended (a) to control the distribution of controlled drugs within
and across national borders, in line with the objectives of the Convention,
and (b) to create and maintain a distinction in terms of punishment between
drug dealers and drug addicts.

59 This interpretation also lends consistency to the law in two ways. First,
it allows for the possibility that an accused who is charged with a capital
offence of importing more than 15g of diamorphine can escape the mandatory
death penalty by satisfying the court that part of the diamorphine was
imported for personal consumption, just as an accused who is charged with
trafficking more than 15g of diamorphine is presently entitled to do the same
(see, for instance, _Abdul Karim bin Mohd v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 3 SLR(R)
514 at [38]–[39]). Where an accused is charged with trafficking by
transportation, the only difference is that in the importation scenario the
accused had transported the drugs across national boundaries while in the
trafficking scenario he had transported the drugs within Singapore. In my
view, this is an immaterial difference because the harm that may potentially
be caused to society depends on the purpose for which the drugs were
transported, regardless of whether they were transported within or into
Singapore. Secondly, it avoids the anomaly that a Singapore citizen or
permanent resident is guilty of consuming controlled or specified drugs under
s 8(_b_) of the current MDA if he consumes the drugs overseas (s 8A(1) of the
current MDA), which is an offence carrying a maximum punishment of ten years’
imprisonment, a fine of $20,000, or both, whereas he is guilty of drug
importation under s 7 of the current MDA the moment he brings the drugs into
Singapore for the purpose of personal consumption in Singapore, which is an
offence carrying, where Class A drugs are concerned, a _mandatory minimum_
sentence of five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane, with a
maximum punishment of 30 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane
(assuming that the offender imports a small quantity of drugs). This would
give rise to an absurd outcome given that the harm to society resulting from
the offender’s actions is the same in both situations (_ie_ , where the
offender consumes drugs overseas and where he imports drugs for personal
consumption in Singapore).

The burden of proof in relation to personal consumption

60 In the present case, the Appellant had imported 0.35g of granular/powdery
substance containing 0.01g of diamorphine (which formed the subject of the
Diamorphine Charge which was proceeded upon) and 0.05g of crystalline
substance containing methamphetamine (which formed the subject of the
Methamphetamine Charge which was taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing). The 0.01g of diamorphine which the Appellant had imported is
below the prescribed quantity that would trigger the presumption under s 17 of
the current MDA (“the s 17 presumption”) that the Appellant had the drug in
his possession for the purpose of trafficking. The question therefore arises
as to the burden of proving that the drug in the present case was intended for
personal consumption. In the ordinary case of an accused person found in
possession of a controlled drug in a quantity that does not trigger the s 17
presumption, the burden of proving that he had it in his possession for the
purpose of trafficking would be on the prosecution if the defendant is charged
with an offence of trafficking under s 5 of the current MDA. As the Court of
Appeal recently reiterated in _AOF v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 3 SLR 34 at
[2], it is a fundamental principle that the Prosecution bears the legal burden
of proving its case against the accused person beyond a reasonable doubt.

61 What is the correct analysis of the Appellant’s conduct in the present
case? He had transported the drugs from Johor to Singapore in his car, thereby
importing (in a literal sense) the drugs into Singapore. He could have been
charged for trafficking by transporting the drugs from where he crossed into
the Singapore side of the Causeway to the Woodlands Checkpoint where he was
arrested, and if he had been so charged, the burden would be on the
Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the drug was transported
for the purpose of trafficking. Lord Diplock stated in _Ong Ah Chuan_ :

14 Proof of the purpose for which an act is done, where such purpose is a
necessary ingredient of the offence with which an accused is charged, presents
a problem with which criminal courts are very familiar. _Generally, in the
absence of an express admission by the accused, the purpose with which he did
an act is a matter of inference from what he did. Thus, in the case of an
accused caught in the act of conveying from one place to another controlled
drugs in a quantity much larger than is likely to be needed for his own
consumption the inference that he was transporting them for the purpose of
trafficking in them would, in the absence of any plausible explanation by him,
be irresistible – even if there were no statutory presumption such as is
contained in s 15_ [the then equivalent of s 17 of the current MDA].

15 As a matter of common sense the larger the quantity of drugs involved the
stronger the inference that they were not intended for the personal
consumption of the person carrying them, and the more convincing the evidence
needed to rebut it. All that s 15 does is to lay down the minimum quantity of
each of the five drugs with which it deals at which the inference arises from
the quantity involved alone that they were being transported for the purpose
of transferring possession of them to another person and not solely for the
transporter’s own consumption. There may be other facts which justify the
inference even where the quantity of drugs involved is lower than the minimum
which attracts the statutory presumption under s 15. In the instant cases,
however, the quantities involved were respectively 100 times and 600 times the
statutory minimum.

16 Whether the quantities involved be large or small, however, the inference
is always rebuttable. The accused himself best knows why he was conveying the
drugs from one place to another and, if he can satisfy the court, upon the
balance of probabilities only, that they were destined for his own consumption
he is entitled to be acquitted of the offence of trafficking under s 3 [the
then equivalent of s 5 of the current MDA].

17 So the presumption works as follows: When an accused is proved to have had
controlled drugs in his possession and to have been moving them from one place
to another:

(a) _the mere act of moving them does not of itself amount to trafficking
within the meaning of the definition in s 2; but_ **_if the purpose for which
they were being moved was to transfer possession from the mover to some other
person at their intended destination the mover is guilty of the offence of
trafficking under s 3_** _, whether that purpose was achieved or not_. This is
the effect of the provisions of s 3(_c_) and s 10 [the then equivalent of s 12
of the current MDA]; and

(_b_) _if the quantity of controlled drugs being moved was in excess of the
minimum specified for that drug in s 15, that section creates a rebuttable
presumption that such was the purpose for which they were being moved, and the
onus lies upon the mover to satisfy the court, upon the balance of
probabilities, that he had not intended to part with possession of the drugs
to anyone else, but to retain them solely for his own consumption._

18 So, in their Lordships’ view, the effect of the [1973 MDA] was stated with
clarity and accuracy in the following passage of the judgment of the Court of
Criminal Appeal in [_Wong Kee Chin v Public Prosecutor_ [1977–1978] SLR(R)
628] ... at [33] ... :

When it is proved that the quantity of diamorphine which the accused person
was transporting (in the dictionary sense of the term) was two or more grams,
a rebuttable presumption arises under s 15(2) [the then equivalent of s 17 of
the current MDA] that the accused had the said controlled drug in his
possession for the purpose of trafficking. Proof of the act of transporting
plus the presumption under s 15(2) would constitute a _prima facie_ case of
trafficking which if unrebutted would warrant his conviction. _In those
circumstances_** _the burden of proof would clearly shift_** _to the accused
and he would have to rebut the case made out against him._ The rebuttal will
depend upon the evidence placed before the court. If he can convince the trial
court by a preponderance of evidence or on the balance of probabilities that
the drug was for his own consumption he would be entitled to an acquittal.
Factors such as the type of “transporting”, the quantity involved, whether or
not the accused is an addict, would be relevant. It would be a question of
evidence and the inferences to be drawn from the totality of the evidence
before the court.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

In order to discharge this burden, the Prosecution may argue, as the Privy
Council noted in _Ong Ah Chuan_ , that the court should draw an inference
from, _inter alia_ , the weight of the drugs imported that those drugs were
imported for the purpose of trafficking.

62 In the context of this case which involves a charge of drug importation,
there is no reason why the fundamental principle that the Prosecution bears
the burden of proving its case beyond a reasonable doubt (see [60] above)
should not apply. Parliament had intended that an essential ingredient of the
offence of importation should be that the accused person had imported the
drugs for the purpose of trafficking (see [48]–[51] above). The burden is thus
on the Prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the Appellant had
brought the drug into Singapore for the purpose of trafficking. If the
Prosecution is unable to discharge this burden, the Appellant can only be
convicted of the offence of unauthorised possession of a controlled drug under
s 8(_a_) of the MDA.

63 However, in my view the Prosecution may rely on the s 17 presumption if an
accused person is proved to have had in his possession a quantity of drugs
which exceeds the specified amounts in s 17 of the current MDA, and he is
charged with an offence of drug importation under s 7 of the current MDA. The
rationale of the s 17 presumption is not predicated on the formal
classification of offences in the current MDA; rather, it is premised on the
assumption that persons in possession of large quantities of drugs (far in
excess of what would be needed for normal daily consumption) must have had the
drugs in their possession for the purpose of trafficking. As the then Deputy
Prime Minister and Minister for Home Affairs explained during the second
reading of the Misuse of Drugs (Amendment) Bill 2005 (Bill 40 of 2005) (see
_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (16 January 2006) vol 80 at
col 2095):

… [C]lause 5 of the MDA Bill amends section 17 [of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)] to extend the presumption clause for trafficking to
Ketamine. Any person who has in his possession … more than 113 grammes of
Ketamine shall be presumed to be in possession of Ketamine for the purpose of
trafficking and the onus is on him to prove that his possession of Ketamine
was not for that purpose. _This amount of 113 grammes of Ketamine is
equivalent to 100 times the estimated daily dosage of the drug for an abuser.
This basis is the same as that used for deriving the presumption amounts for
other drugs, such as methamphetamine, ‘Ecstasy’ and heroin. Just to give you
an idea of what 100 shots of Ketamine cost. 113 grammes of Ketamine cost about
$8,000 in market value. This means that if a person needs to spend $8,000 on
Ketamine for himself, then he cannot be doing for himself, he must be
trafficking. That is the basis for the presumption_. [emphasis added]

This rationale applies with equal force where a person is caught importing,
exporting or manufacturing large quantities of drugs. In such cases, the
burden will then shift to the accused person who will have to prove, on a
balance of probabilities, that he had imported, exported or manufactured (as
the case may be) for the purpose of personal consumption or for some other
purpose wholly unconnected with trafficking.

The appropriate orders

64 In view of my finding that the offence of importation of a controlled drug
under s 7 of the current MDA is committed only if the drug is brought into
Singapore for the purpose of distribution, it becomes necessary to consider
what are the appropriate orders to make in the present case given that the
Appellant is appealing only against sentence, but on the basis that the drugs
imported by him were for his own consumption. It is pertinent to note that the
DPPs have accepted that the quantity of diamorphine imported by the Appellant
(one packet of 0.35g of granular/powdery substance containing 0.01g of
diamorphine) will fill about one and a half straws, although they added that
the amount of _doses_ produced will vary according to an individual’s rate of
consumption.

65 Since the Appellant is unrepresented by counsel, I could proceed with his
appeal as if it were an application for revision under s 400 of the Criminal
Procedure Code 2010 (Act 15 of 2010) (“the CPC”). However, this procedure
would not be necessary because s 390(3) of the CPC, read with s 394 thereof,
is wide enough to vest in an appellate court the power to set aside a
conviction based on a plea of guilty. Section 390(3) of the CPC provides as
follows:

**Decision on appeal**

**390**.—(1) ...

...

(3) Notwithstanding section 375 [which provides that an accused who has
pleaded guilty and has been convicted on that plea in accordance with the CPC
may appeal only against the extent or legality of the sentence] and without
prejudice to the generality of subsections (1) and (2), where an accused has
pleaded guilty and been convicted on such plea, the appellate court may, upon
hearing, in accordance with section 387, any appeal against the sentence
imposed upon the accused —

(_a_) set aside the conviction;

(_b_) make such order in the matter as it may think just; and

(_c_) by such order exercise any power which the trial court might have
exercised.

…

Section 394 of the CPC provides as follows:

**Grounds for reversal by appellate court**

**394**. _Any judgment, sentence or order of a trial court may be reversed or
set aside_ _only where the appellate court is satisfied that it was_ _wrong in
law_ or against the weight of the evidence or, in the case of a sentence,
manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate in all the circumstances of the
case.

[emphasis added]

Conclusion

66 For the reasons above, I set aside the Appellant’s conviction on the
Diamorphine Charge and remit the case to the District Court for another
district judge to hold a new trial to determine whether the drugs were
imported by the Appellant for his own consumption.

* * *

[note: 1]See the respondent’s further submissions dated 16 August 2012 at para
25.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

