Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Low Guang Hong David and others _v_ Suryono Wino Goei  
[2012] SGHC 93

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 151 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Gregory Vijayendran and Vidhya Mahentharan (Rajah & Tann
LLP) for the plaintiffs; Tan Yew Cheng (Leong Partnership) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Low Guang Hong David and others — Suryono Wino Goei  
  
3 May 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 The marriage in December 1975 between Mr Low Kim Huat (“Mr Low”) and Madam
Lina Halim (“Mdm Lina”) did not produce any children. However, Mr Low had
children from his previous marriage and they are the plaintiffs in this
originating summons. They were said to have been treated by Mdm Lina as if
they were her own children. They were all adults when Mr Low and Mdm Lina got
married. When Mr Low passed away in 1994, he bequeathed his estate to Mdm
Lina. She died on 21 April 2011 without leaving a will. An unsigned will
apparently leaving her estate to the plaintiffs was, however, found in her
safe deposit box with a bank after her demise. No evidence was adduced as to
how this unsigned will came about.

2 Mdm Lina’s estate comprises[note: 1]:

(a) A HDB flat – Block 4 Upper Aljunied Lane #05-10 Singapore 360004

(b) A freehold private property - 2 Jalan Setia Singapore 368420

(c) Jewellery and cash in a safe deposit box in OCBC Bank.

3 As Mdm Lina, who was not a Muslim, did not leave a will, the Intestate
Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) governs the distribution of
her estate. The plaintiffs commenced this action for a declaration that, as
the step-children of Mdm Lina, their claims in respect of her estate rank
higher in priority over the claim of Mdm Lina’s single brother, the defendant.

4 Section 3 of the Act defines a child as follows:

**Interpretation**

**3**. In this Act —

“child” **means** a _legitimate child_ and **includes** any _child adopted_ by
virtue of an order of court under any written law for the time being in force
in Singapore, Malaysia or Brunei Darussalam;

…

[emphasis added]

5 The issue that has to be determined in these proceedings is whether “child”
under s 3 of the Act is to be interpreted as including a step-child. If the
answer is yes, the plaintiffs would be deemed to be the “children” of Mdm Lina
for the purposes of the Act. Under the rules of distribution in s 7 of the
Act, if the plaintiffs are considered Mdm Lina’s children for the purposes of
the Act, they are entitled to Mdm Lina’s estate in equal portions to the
exclusion of all other parties pursuant to Rule 3 in that section. However, if
the plaintiffs are not regarded as Mdm Lina’s children under the Act, then her
estate will go to the defendant as her only surviving family member under Rule
6 in the said s 7.

Plaintiffs’ Submissions

6 The plaintiffs’ submissions were made by Mr Gregory Vijayendran (“Mr
Vijayendran”) and comprised two parts. The first was to persuade me that there
is no obstacle in the Act which prevents me from interpreting “child” to
include a step-child. The second part was an attempt to convince me why I
should do so.

7 In the first part of his submissions, Mr Vijayendran stated that the Act
does not expressly or impliedly exclude step-children, unlike illegitimate
children. According to him, the word “includes” indicates an inclusionary and
enlarging definition. It makes clear that the definition includes a matter
that otherwise would or might be taken as outside it (see _Dilworth v
Commissioner of Stamps_ (1899) AC 99 and _Lui Chang Soong v Public Prosecutor_
[1992] 1 SLR(R) 229). Therefore, there is no restriction on reading “child” to
include a step-child.

8 Mr Vijayendran then made four arguments as to why a step-child should be
included within the definition of “child”. He submitted, firstly, that this
would be in line with Parliament’s intention. In the Parliamentary debates
during the second reading of the Intestate Succesion Bill (Singapore
Parliamentary Debates, Official Report (12 December 1966) Volume 25 at column
565[note: 2]), the Minister for Law said the Act was intended to replace the
outmoded Statute of Distributions. Mr Vijayendran read this to mean that the
Act was intended to accommodate local customs and needs. As there were
polygamous marriages in the past, there would have been the well known
phenomenon of step-children. Parliament could not have been oblivious to such
stepchildren[note: 3] and was likely to have impliedly included them within
the Act.

9 Mr Vijyanedran’s second argument was that the law on maintenance obligations
before and after the death of a step-parent would be better rationalised if
the definition of “child” in s 3 of the Act included a step-child. Section 70
of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“WC”) provides that where a
person has accepted a child who is not his child as part of his family, it
shall be his duty to maintain that child while he remains a child so far as
the father or mother of the child fails to do so. This obligation terminates
upon death and if the said person dies intestate, the step-child may not be
provided for. However, if “child” in s 3 of the Act includes a step-child,
then step-children will still be provided for even after the death of their
step-parent.

10 Mr Vijayendran’s third and fourth arguments were pre-emptive counter-
arguments. A policy reason why step-children should not come under the Act was
the possibility of “double-dipping”, where step-children could potentially
claim under the estate of their biological as well as their step-parents. In
respect of this policy reason, he argued that this possibility did not appear
in the records as a matter of concern for Parliament. Citing _Re Leach
(deceased)_ [1985] 3 WLR 413 and _Re Callaghan (deceased)_ [1985] Fam 1, he
further argued that the double-dipping problem would be mitigated in cases
where the step-child was treated as a child of the step-parent and if the
deceased step-parent’s estate comprised largely of assets which were derived
from the step-child’s biological parent. The fact situation here falls within
these two mitigating factors.

11 Fourth, in _AAG v Estate of AAH, deceased_ [2010] 1 SLR 769 (“ _AAG v
AAH”_), the Court of Appeal at [37] said that:

… the ordinary literal meaning of “daughter” would appear to have nothing to
do with the legal state of legitimacy but with a biological fact.

This suggests that there has to be a biological connection which, in turn,
would preclude a step-child from being considered a “child” under the Act. Mr
Vijayendran sought to distinguish _AAG v AAH_ on the basis that the statute in
question there was the Inheritance (Family Provision) Act (Cap 138, 1985 Rev
Ed) (“IFPA”) and that the focus in that case was on illegitimate children who,
unlike step-children in the Act, were impliedly excluded.

Defendant’s Submissions

12 Ms Tan Yew Cheng (“Ms Tan”) made two main submissions on behalf of the
defendant. She submitted that the use of terms like “issue” and “descendants”
suggests an inheritance structure based on blood ties. She also referred to s
6(b) of the Act which states that a person related by half-blood to the
deceased ranks after one who is related by whole blood. As step-children do
not have blood ties to their step-parent, they cannot claim against the
latter’s estate under the Act.

13 Second, there are statutes which define a “child” or “family member” to
include a step-child. In the light of these statutes, Parliament’s decision
not to expressly include a step-child within the definition of “child” in the
Act suggests that a step-child was not intended to come within the Act’s
purview. The said statutes are:

(a) Maintenance of Parents Act (Cap 167B, 1996 Rev Ed) (“MPA”)

**Interpretation**

2\. In this Act, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“child” includes an illegitimate or adopted child and a _step-child_ ;

[emphasis added]

(b) S 64 of the WC

**Interpretation of [Part VII of the WC]**

64\. In this Part, unless the context otherwise requires —

…

“family member”, in relation to a person, means —

(a) a spouse or former spouse of the person;

(b) a child of the person, _including an adopted child and a step-child;_

(c) a father or mother of the person;

(d) a father-in-law or mother-in-law of the person;

(e) a brother or sister of the person; or

(f) any other relative of the person or an incapacitated person who in the
opinion of the court should, in the circumstances, in either case be regarded
as a member of the family of the person;

…

[emphasis added]

The decision of the court

14 The significance of the word “includes” in a definition may be very
different when it is used in the phrase “means … and includes”. On its own,
the word “includes” makes a definition extensive (see _Chin Seow Noi and
others v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 566 at [77]). In contrast, the
phrase “means … and includes” may serve two purposes. The word “includes” can
either illustrate the main meaning or it can extend the main meaning beyond
its natural import (see _Pan-United Marine Ltd v Chief Assessor_ [2008] 3 SLR
569).

15 With these principles in mind, I turn to s 3 of the Act. In my view,
“legitimate child” is the main meaning and “adopted child” is the enlarged
definition beyond the natural import of the word “child”. Taken as a whole and
in its proper context, the Act requires a legal and biological connection
between parent and child and hence the exception for lawfully adopted children
who satisfy the legal but not the biological requirement.

16 By impliedly excluding the claims of illegitimate children, the word
“legitimate” indicates a legal connection is required. The Court of Appeal in
_AAG v AAH_ commented on the Act at [38(c)]:

Under the Intestate Succession Act, only legitimate children are entitled to
claim against their natural parent’s estate. To permit an illegitimate child
to claim for maintenance against his or her deceased parent’s estate would be
to indirectly allow that child to claim for a share in the intestate parent’s
estate, contrary to the provisions of the Intestate Succession Act.

17 A commonsensical reading of the Act would show that a biological connection
between the intestate and the child is also needed. The word “child” has
various definitions, the most common being a reference to a non-adult. The
terms used in the Act, such as “issue” and “descendants”, do point quite
conclusively to the need for a biological connection. It must therefore follow
that a step-child is not meant to be covered by the Act. Even though the
statute in question in _AAG v AAH_ was the IFPA, the Court of Appeal’s
statements (quoted at [16] above) are at least highly persuasive. In that
case, the Court of Appeal also noted (at [37] of the case) that the ordinary
literal meaning of “daughter” concerned a biological fact and not the legal
state of legitimacy.

18 Mr Vijayendran accepted that a step-child would not fall within the main
meaning of s 3, _i.e_. “legitimate child”. His contention was that a step-
child comes under an open category indicated by the word “includes”. In other
words, the definition has been broadened to encompass adopted children but it
does not necessarily confine itself to adopted children only. It could, it was
argued, be extended by judicial interpretation to include step-children
because this category was not expressly excluded in the Act. Though I
appreciate Mr Vijayendran’s valiant attempts to advance the cause of his
clients, I have to disagree with him. The maxim, e _xpressio_ _unius_ _est
exclusion alterius_ , means that when Parliament has expressly included one
thing, it should be assumed that it did not intend to include other things. On
its own, the word “includes” may in some cases suggest an open category where
different classes of children could be added over time. However, when the word
“includes” is part of the phrase “means … and includes” as in the present
case, it simply enlarges the main meaning to include adopted children and only
to that extent. This is reinforced by the other provisions in the Act referred
to by Ms Tan at [12] above. Therefore, step-children do not fall within the
definition of “child” in s 3 of the Act.

19 There was no extraneous legislative or other evidence adduced that would
lead to a different conclusion. As Mr Vijayendran contended, Parliament must
have been aware of the phenomenon of step-children during the debates leading
to the Act. By choosing not to include them in the definition of “child” while
expressly enlarging the said definition to embrace lawfully adopted children,
Parliament has made its intention clear. There is no evidence to show that
Parliament’s intention was to provide for step-children in the event of
intestacy. Step-children were not discussed during the parliamentary debates
or in the Report of the Select Committee on the Intestate Succession Bill,
Parl 5 of 1967, 7 March 1967. The decision to define “child” to include a
step-child in other statutes (see [13] above) and not to do likewise in the
Act (whether at its inception or subsequently when the other statutes were
being considered) suggests that Parliament did not intend step-children to be
entitled to the estate of an intestate step-parent. I declined Mr
Vijayendran’s invitation to consider various foreign authorities as those
involved statutes that were not _in pari_ _materia_ with the Act.

20 The first plaintiff deposed in his first affidavit how Mdm Lina treated him
and his siblings as her own children[note: 4], for example, how she would
introduce the first plaintiff and his wife as her son and daughter-in-law
respectively. He also asserted that Mdm Lina’s estate rightfully belonged to
him and his siblings as their biological father had paid for most of it. These
comments relate to the equities of a particular case but have no influence on
proceedings to determine the meaning of words in a statute. We are concerned
here with the question whether step-children are within the definition of
“child” in the Act, not whether the plaintiffs here deserve to be treated as
“children” for the purposes of the Act. Similarly, we are not concerned with
the question whether the defendant deserves to have a claim to the whole or
part of the estate of his deceased sister. Both parties rightly agreed that
the equities of this case form only the background facts and are irrelevant to
the task of statutory construction. Love and filial piety do not make a person
a “child” of the intestate if that person does not come within the ambit of
the Act. Even if equities do matter, the step-child is normally not completely
without recourse. He would still be entitled to the estate of his biological
parent in an intestacy. In this case, however, the plaintiffs’ biological
father chose to give everything to Mdm Lina who unfortunately did not leave a
will. The parties agreed, again quite rightly, that in the absence of evidence
concerning the unsigned will (see [1] above), it would be highly speculative
to make any submissions concerning it. It is therefore incumbent on step-
parents wishing to provide for their step-children’s entitlement to their
estate to expressly state so in a proper will.

Conclusion

21 I declare that “child” under s 3 of the Act does not include step-children.
Accordingly, since Mdm Lina did not have any children or other descendants for
the purposes of the Act, the defendant is entitled to her entire estate.
Whether the defendant wishes to make some provisions out of her estate for the
plaintiffs out of goodwill is of course his prerogative but it will be a very
good gesture on his part and I would certainly encourage him to do so.

22 In accordance with the parties’ agreement, I order that their costs for
these proceedings be paid out of Mdm Lina’s estate.

* * *

[note: 1]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 9 April 2012 at [4]

[note: 2]Plaintiffs’ Bundle of Authorities Tab 26

[note: 3]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 9 April 2012 at [28]

[note: 4]Plaintiffs’ Written Submissions dated 9 April 2012 at [3];
Plaintiff’s First Affidavit dated 20 February 2012 at [7] to [13]

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

