Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  SK Shipping Co Ltd _v_ IOF Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHCR 14

Case Number| :| Suit No 440 of 2012 (Summons No 3808 of 2012)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 25 September 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Justin Yeo AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Mr Vincent Ong and Mr Winston Wong (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the plaintiff; Mr Haireez Jufferie - Instructed (Joseph Lopez & Co) for the
defendant.  
Parties| :|  SK Shipping Co Ltd — IOF Pte Ltd  
  
25 September 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Justin Yeo AR:

1 This is an application by the defendant pursuant to, _inter alia_ , O 24 r
11 read with O 24 r 10 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed), for
the production and/or inspection of documents referred to in the Statement of
Claim (“the Application”).

Facts

2 This action commenced on 29 May 2012 when the plaintiff filed and served the
Writ of Summons with an endorsement of the plaintiff’s alleged claim. On 20
June 2012, the plaintiff issued the Statement of Claim. On 26 June 2012, the
defendant made a request, by way of a letter, for the production of the
documents referred to in the Statement of Claim. The defendant also requested
that these documents be provided on an urgent basis, particularly in view of
the impending deadline then for the filing and service of the Defence.

3 No response from the plaintiff was forthcoming. As a result, the defendant
issued a chaser on 29 June 2012, requiring the plaintiff to revert by noon on
2 July 2012. The plaintiff finally responded to the defendant’s request for
documents on 4 July 2012, stating that quite apart from the issue of
availability or existence of the documents requested, the plaintiff was of the
view that the defendant was not entitled to discovery of documents at this
stage of the proceedings. Accordingly, plaintiff was not agreeable to the
defendant’s request for an extension of time to file the Defence.

4 On 5 July 2012, the defendant issued a Notice to Produce in Form 40 (“the
Notice to Produce”) pursuant to O 24 r 10(1), requesting 17 categories of
documents. O 24 r 10(2) stipulates that the party on whom notice is served
under O 24 r 10(1) “ _must_ , within 4 days after service of the notice, serve
on the party giving the notice a notice in Form 41 stating a time within 7
days after the service thereof at which the documents… may be inspected… and
stating which (if any) of the documents he objects to produce and on what
grounds” [emphasis added]. However, the plaintiff did not provide any reply in
Form 41 within the stipulated time. At a pre-trial conference held on 24 July
2012, in response to the court’s query as to why no response had been given to
the Notice to Produce, counsel for the plaintiff explained that they were
still taking their client’s instructions on this point.

5 On 26 July 2012, the Application was taken out pursuant to _inter alia_ O 24
r 11 read with O 24 r 10 of the Rules of Court for the production and/or
inspection of documents referred to in the Statement of Claim. Annexed to the
Application was a list of 16 categories of documents (“Annex A”). It suffices
to note for now that the categories of documents stated in Annex A were not
entirely identical to those requested in the Notice to Produce. The relevant
portion of Annex A is reproduced here (for convenience, the abbreviations used
in the following table will be adopted in the course of this judgment):

S/N |  Document Description |  Reference in Statement of Claim  
---|---|---  
1 |  The Time Charterpary dated 22 March 2012 for the MV “ANNA BARBARA” between the Plaintiff and Prime East Shipping Limited (“Prime East”) |  Paragraph 3  
2 |  The “ _Sub-Charterparty_ ” between Prime East and Precious Charm Ltd (“Precious”) |  Paragraph 4  
3 |  The “ _Sub-Sub-Charterparty_ ” between Precious and Isaphia (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Isaphia”) |  Paragraph 4  
4 |  The Fixture Re-cap dated 22 March 2012 |  Paragraph 6  
5 |  The “ _Previous charterparty_ ” dated 14 July 2009 |  Paragraph 6  
6 |  The “Adopted C/P” |  Paragraph 6  
7 |  The Stevedore Damages Report issued on 28 April 2012 |  Paragraph 8(d)  
8 |  Each of all documents evidencing the “ _repeated reminders_ ” sent by the Plaintiffs to Prime East |  Paragraph 8(e)  
9 |  Each of all “ _similar notices via email_ ” sent by the Plaintiffs to Precious and Isaphia |  Paragraph 8(g)  
10 |  Email dated 10 May |  Paragraph 8(h) and again referred to at Paragraph 5 of the Reply  
11 |  Email dated 11 May from Skuld Copenhagen |  Paragraph 8(i)  
12 |  Email dated 18 May from Skuld Copenhagen to Plaintiffs |  Paragraph 8(j)  
13 |  Email dated 18 May from Skuld Copenhagen to Plaintiffs |  Paragraph 8(l)  
14 |  Email dated 22 May from Skuld Copenhagen to Plaintiffs |  Paragraph 8(m)  
15 |  Email dated 23 May from Skuld Copenhagen to the Plaintiffs |  Paragraph 8(n)  
16 |  Copies of all “ _finalized or consolidated claims_ ” and/or Statements of Account worked out to the sum of USD 469,386.04 |  Paragraph 8(p)  
  
  

6 It should also be noted that in paragraphs 1(b) and 2(c) of the Defence, the
defendant expressly stated that where an allegation made in the Statement of
Claim was not admitted, it was _inter alia_ because the defendant did not have
copies of all the relevant documents. The defendant also expressly reserved
the right to deny any allegations in due course.

7 I heard parties on 22 August 2012 (“the first hearing”) and 31 August 2012
(“the second hearing”). At the second hearing, I directed the plaintiff to
file an affidavit detailing all the attempts made to obtain the documents in
categories 2 and 3 from the relevant third parties (_viz_ , Prime East,
Precious and Isaphia – hereinafter, “the Third Parties”).

Parties’ Arguments

8 The defendant was of the view that it was entitled to all the documents
requested in Annex A. The plaintiff, however, raised specific objections to
the various categories of documents requested, as follows:

(a) With regard to the documents in categories 2, 3, 8, 14, 15 and 16, the
plaintiff asserted that these documents were _not_ referred to in the
Statement of Claim, and therefore, that O 24 r 10 was inapplicable.
Specifically with regard to the documents in categories 2 and 3, the plaintiff
argued that _even if_ there was a reference to these documents, these
documents were clearly not in the possession, custody or power of the
plaintiff as these were documents in a contractual chain to which the
plaintiff was not a party.

(b) With regard to the documents in categories 5 and 6, the plaintiff did not
deny that these documents were referred to in the Statement of Claim. However,
the plaintiff alleged that these categories were different from those sought
in the Notice to Produce. The plaintiff also asserted that categories 5 and 6
referred to the same document.

(c) More generally, the plaintiff attempted to resist production of _all_ the
documents, on the premise that the disclosure of these documents was not
necessary at the present stage of the proceedings.

9 Before turning to set out the issues that arise for determination in the
present case, I note that with regard to the objection _vis-à-vis_ categories
5 and 6 (see [8(b)] above), the plaintiff did not elaborate on how this was an
objection to an order for production. Presumably, the plaintiff was asserting
that no order could be made under O 24 r 11(1) given that these categories
were not requested for in the Notice to Produce.

10 However, on perusal of the Notice to Produce, it appears that the documents
in categories 5 and 6 were referred to in paragraph 5 of the Notice to
Produce. While I accept that paragraph 5 of the Notice to Produce could have
been better worded, in any case, it clearly referred to the documents in
categories 4, 5 and/or 6. Given that the plaintiff has not denied that
category 4 was referred to in the Notice to Produce, and that it has in fact
further asserted that categories 5 and 6 referred to the same document, I do
not see how the lack of clarity in paragraph 5 of the Notice to Produce
prejudiced the plaintiff in any way. As such, I do not see a need to further
consider this particular ground of objection with regard to documents in
categories 5 and 6.

Issues

11 The issues that arise for determination are as follows:

(a) First, whether, for the purposes of O 24 r 10(1), reference was made in
the Statement of Claim to the documents in categories 2, 3, 8, 14, 15 and 16
(“Issue 1”);

(b) Second, whether an order for production of the documents in categories 2
and 3 should be made, in view that these documents are allegedly not in the
possession, custody or power of the plaintiff (“Issue 2”); and

(c) Third, whether the production of documents requested in Annex A was
“necessary” for the purposes of O 24 r 13(1) (“Issue 3”).

12 The issues will be addressed _in seriatim_.

Issue 1 ­– Whether reference was made to the documents in categories 2, 3, 8,
14, 15 and 16

13 As mentioned in [8(a)] above, the plaintiff asserted that the documents in
categories 2, 3, 8, 14, 15 and 16 were _not_ referred to in the Statement of
Claim, and therefore, that O 24 r 10 was inapplicable. The issue is therefore
whether, for the purposes of O 24 r 10(1), reference was made in the Statement
of Claim to the documents in categories 2, 3, 8, 14, 15 and 16.

The Law

14 O 24 r 10 provides for the inspection of documents referred to in pleadings
and affidavits. It states:

**10\. Inspection of documents referred to in pleadings and affidavits (O. 24,
r. 10)**

(1) Any party to a cause or matter _shall be entitled_ at any time to serve a
notice in Form 40 on any other party _in whose pleadings or affidavits
reference is made to any document_ requiring him to _produce that document_
for the inspection of the party giving the notice and to permit him to take
copies thereof.

(2) The party on whom a notice is served under paragraph (1) must, within 4
days after service of the notice, serve on the party giving the notice a
notice in Form 41 stating a time within 7 days after the service thereof at
which the documents, or such of them as he does not object to produce, may be
inspected at a place specified in the notice, and stating which (if any) of
the documents he objects to produce and on what grounds.

[emphasis added]

15 It should be noted that O 24 r 10 of the Rules of Court is _in pari
materia_ with O 24 r 10 of the Rules of the Supreme Court (UK) (“RSC”) (for
convenience, both provisions will be referred to simply as “O 24 r 10”). As
such, English case law is of persuasive value in the interpretation and
application of O 24 r 10.

16 It is well established that the underlying purpose of O 24 r 10 is to
confer on the requesting party “the same advantage as if the documents
referred to had been fully set out in the pleadings” (_Rafidain Bank v Agom
Universal Sugar Trading Co Ltd and another_ [1987] WLR 1606 (“ _Rafidain Bank_
”) at 1610H and _Dubai Bank Ltd v Galadari and others (No 2)_ [1989] 1 WLR 731
(“ _Dubai Bank_ ”) at 737G, both citing _Quilter v Heatly_ (1883) 23 Ch D 42
(“ _Quilter_ ”) at 50).

17 In the event that there is no dispute that references were in fact being
made to the documents in the pleadings or affidavits, courts are strongly
inclined to order production of those documents because the reference to those
documents, in and of itself, is construed as a form of “disclosure” by that
party (_Rubin v Expandable Ltd_ [2008] 1 WLR 1099 (“ _Rubin_ ”) at 1108C _per_
Rix LJ). As Rix LJ observed, although the document in question has not been
“disclosed by list, or at any rate not yet”, it has been disclosed by mention
in pleadings or affidavits which are, “for the purposes of litigation, …
another important and formal category of documents” (_ibid_). As such, the
party referencing such a document should be prepared to be required to permit
the inspection of the same, and the other party should be “ _entitled_ to it”
[emphasis added] (_ibid_). In a situation where reference to the document has
been made in the pleadings or affidavits, the party referencing the document
in question must show “good cause” to oppose the production of such a document
(_Rafidain Bank_ at 1613D-E, citing _Quilter_ at 51).

18 Following from the above, one of the key issues in cases involving O 24 r
10(1) is whether an assertion in a pleading or affidavit involves a “reference
… to any document” within the meaning of O 24 r 10(1). Problems arise where,
although the assertion made in the affidavit or pleading does not specifically
mention a document or class of documents, it gives the reader strong grounds
for supposing that a document must exist (_Dubai Bank_ at 738D-E). This,
indeed, is a key issue in the present Application, with regard to the
documents in categories 2, 3, 8, 14, 15 and 16.

19 It is clear that a document need not be expressly mentioned in the
pleadings in order to invoke O 24 r 10 (_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ (GP
Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) (“ _Singapore Civil Procedure_ ”)
at para 24/10/1). However, there seems to be a paucity of Singapore case law
with regard to the precise test to be applied in determining the issue
mentioned in [18] above. Indeed, the only decision by Singapore courts drawn
to my attention was that of _Woodcliff Assets Ltd v Reflexology and Holistic
Health Academy and Others_ [2009] SGHC 162 (“ _Woodcliff_ ”). In _Woodcliff_ ,
Senior Assistant Registrar (“SAR”) Yeong Zee Kin noted at [39] that an order
for production of documents for inspection under O 24 r 13 may be made for
documents explicitly referred to in pleadings or affidavits, but not for
documents which were referred to by inference. In that case, SAR Yeong held
that the document in question was not explicitly referred to in the
affidavits, and therefore did not order production of the document (_ibid_).

20 Reference to English case law is highly instructive, especially given the
dearth of Singapore case law as well as the identical procedural rules in
question. In _Dubai Bank_ (which was cited in _Woodcliff_ at [39], but without
elaboration), the English Court of Appeal held that where a document is not
explicitly referred to in pleadings or affidavits, the court’s task is to
ascertain whether, on a fair meaning of the words in their context, there is a
“ _direct allusion_ ” [emphasis in original] to the document; it is
insufficient for the reference to be made by inference (_Dubai Bank_ at
739A-B). Other than the fact that, in _principle_ , “reference” does not, in
its natural and ordinary meaning, include “reference by inference”, in
_practice_ , permitting “reference by inference” would effectively necessitate
the parties (and subsequently, the court) entering into a process of inference
and speculation to determine whether the document or class of documents exist
(or ever existed) (_ibid_).

21 Indeed, the learned Law Lords in _Dubai Bank_ emphasised that in cases of
“reference by inference” it may be more appropriate for the requesting party
to apply for an order of discovery of a specific document or a class of
documents under O 24 r 7 of the RSC (_ibid_). After all, the absence of a
direct allusion to the document will merely mean that the applicant is not
entitled to seek production and inspection under O 24 r 10; it does not
preclude him from seeking discovery pursuant to other discovery rules
(_ibid_).

22 The English cases have also helpfully alluded to several fine but crucial
distinctions in ascertaining whether there is a “ _direct allusion_ ”
[emphasis in original] to a document in pleadings or affidavits:

(a) First, a document is directly alluded to if reference is made to the
_contents_ of the document as opposed to merely the _effect_ of a document
(_Dubai Bank_ at 739H; affirmed in _Rubin_ at 1107A): only the former would
come within the meaning of “reference … to any document” in O 24 r 10(1). It
is important to note that in _Dubai Bank_ , Slade LJ suggested that although
the phrase “the property Blackacre was conveyed by A to B” may suggest that
“one can be more or less certain that a document effecting the conveyance
exists” (_Dubai Bank_ at 738E-F), this did not suffice for the purposes of O
24 r 10. As Slade LJ emphasised, a mere opinion that on the _balance of
probabilities_ , a transaction referred to in a pleading or affidavit _must
have been effected by a document_ , _does not give the court jurisdiction_ to
make an order under O 24 r 10 (_ibid_ at 739H).

(b) Second, a document is directly alluded to if the words used, on their fair
meaning, convey the _act of making the document itself_ as opposed to a mere
_reference to a transaction_ (_Rubin_ at 1108E): only the former would come
within the meaning of “reference … to any document” in O 24 r 10(1). In
_Rubin_ , the expression which the court had to consider was “he wrote to me”.
The court found that “he wrote” is not a mere _reference to a transaction_
otherwise to be inferred as effected by a document (_contra_ , _eg_ , “he
conveyed”), but rather, a _direct allusion_ to the _act of making the document
itself_ (_ibid_). The court also suggested that “I recorded and transcribed
our telephone call that day” and “written up the interview” were examples of
direct allusions to documents that would amount to a “reference” for the
purposes of O 24 r 10(1) (_ibid_ at 1108F-G).

23 Having set out the principles governing O 24 r 10(1), I turn now to
consider whether the documents in categories 2, 3, 8, 14, 15 and 16 were
“referred to” in the Statement of Claim.

Application to the facts

Categories 2 and 3

24 Categories 2 and 3 are alleged references to charterparties involving the
Third Parties. It is undisputed that the charterparties are specifically
mentioned in the Statement of Claim. Further, counsel for the plaintiff
appeared willing to concede at the first hearing that the charterparties
mentioned were, on the _balance of probabilities_ , contained in documents.
However, citing _Dubai Bank_ at 739H (see [22(a)] above), he contended that
this was insufficient to find any “direct allusion” to the existence of
documents. He further submitted that the references to these charterparties
were not references to any specific documents, and that they “merely
illustrate the nature of the contractual relationship between the various
parties down the charterparty chain”. He also argued that _even if_ the word
“charterparty” was to be construed as a reference to the contract itself, such
a contract may well have been an _oral_ one.

25 Counsel for the defendant referred to several paragraphs of the Statement
of Claim to substantiate his argument that the charterparties had been
referred to for the purposes of O 24 r 10(1). He emphasised that: (1) in
paragraph 4 of the Statement of Claim, the plaintiff had pleaded that the
vessel was sub-chartered by Prime East to Precious “by way of _a_ time
charterparty” [emphasis added]; and (2) the plaintiff had pleaded at paragraph
8 of the Statement of Claim that “there is a corresponding lien _clause in_
_the_ Sub-Charterparty and a further corresponding lien _clause in_ _the_ Sub-
Sub Charterparty” [emphasis added].

26 Having considered the above arguments, I am of the view that the
plaintiff’s arguments are overly technical. While it may be argued that
neither “charterpart[ies]” nor “clause[s]” _necessarily_ takes on documentary
form, the guiding principle is to construe the pleadings in view of a “fair
meaning of the words in their context” (see [20] above). In this connexion,
the words “charterpart[ies]” and “clause[s]” appear, on a fair meaning of
those words in their context, to be direct allusions to documents. For
instance, the reference to lien clauses being “ _in the_ Sub-Charterparty and
… _in the_ Sub-Sub Charterparty” [emphasis added] appears to be a reference to
the _contents_ of documents rather than the _effect_ of the same. I also note
that the plaintiff did not explain how the reference to “charterpart[ies]” in
the present case was different from the assertion “by virtue of a mandate from
the account holders” in _Dubai Bank_ which the learned Law Lords opined (at
740G) to be a reference to a “document by way of mandate”. As such, I find
that the references to “charterpart[ies]” are, for the purposes of O 24 r
10(1), references to _documents_ which contained the contractual terms
governing the relationships between the said parties.

Categories 8, 14, 15 and 16

27 Categories 8, 14, 15 and 16 can be dealt with together.

(a) With regard to category 8, the plaintiff asserted there was no reference
to any documents in relation to the “repeated reminders” in paragraph 8(e) of
the Statement of Claim, which reads as follows:

Despite repeated reminders by the Plaintiffs, Prime East had refused and/or
failed to pay to the Plaintiffs the outstanding hire as well as the estimated
repair costs for the damage caused to the Vessel.

(a) The defendant responded that in the context of the pleaded facts, and
particularly in view of the fact that the plaintiff was a company incorporated
in the Republic of Korea whereas Prime East was a company incorporated in the
British Virgin Islands, “repeated reminders” were clear references to
documents which the plaintiff had forwarded to Prime East. The defendant added
that in a commercial transaction, one would expect to see reminders in written
form, especially where the parties were in different countries and the
reminders concerned a demand for a significant sum of money.

(b) With regard to category 14, the plaintiff contended that there was no
reference to any document or, in particular, an email from Skuld Copenhagen to
the plaintiff on 22 May 2012 in paragraph 8(m) of the Statement of Claim,
which reads as follows:

On 22 May 2012, Skuld Copenhagen responded on behalf of Isaphia and refused to
provide the requested information/documents on the ground that the Plaintiffs
had no contractual relationship with Isaphia.

(b) The defendant counter-argued that because the response issued by Skuld
Copenhagen was a response to another letter, the natural reading of the word
“responded” in paragraph 8(m) of the Statement of Claim was that a _document_
was being referred to. The defendant also added that, in the context, the word
“responded” conveyed an act of _making_ a document.

(c) With regard to category 15, the plaintiff argued there was no reference to
any email from Skuld Copenhagen to the plaintiff on 23 May 2012 in paragraph
8(n) of the Statement of Claim, which reads as follows:

On 23 May 2012, the Defendants, through their representatives, Skuld (Far
East) Ltd, replied to the effect that the Defendants had no contractual
relationship with the Plaintiffs and could not assert any rights against the
charterers down the chain. The Defendants refused to provide the requested
information or documents.

(c) The defendant did not make any specific response to category 15. Indeed,
the defendant had informed the plaintiff before the hearing that it would no
longer be pursuing a production order over this category of documents.

(d) With regard to category 16, the plaintiff asserted that there was no
reference to any “finalised or consolidated claims and/or Statements of
Account” in paragraph 8(p) of the Statement of Claim, which reads as follows:

As at 11 June 2012, the Plaintiffs have finalised or consolidated their claim
for unpaid hire as against Prime East which works out to the sum of
US$469,386.04. As such, the total outstanding amount due and owing from Prime
East to the Plaintiffs is in the sum of US$719,386.04 (the total of
US$469,386.04 and US$250,000.00) for which the Plaintiffs assert a lien over
the freight payable by the Defendants to Isaphia.

(d) On this point, the defendant submitted that the phrase “finalised or
consolidated” necessarily referred to an act of _making_ documents which
consolidated the plaintiff’s alleged claim for unpaid hire and/or the act of
reducing the quantum of the alleged claim into documentary form. The defendant
also submitted that the figures quoted in paragraph 8(p) of the Statement of
Claim reflected the _contents_ of a document.

28 I do not agree that a “fair meaning of the words in their context” would
support the arguments that the defendant made (as summarised in the preceding
sub-paragraphs). It should be emphasised that _even if_ I were to be convinced
on the balance of probabilities that the “repeated reminders”, “response[s]”,
“replie[s]” and/or “finalised or consolidated… claim” were done by way of
documents, this would be insufficient for the purposes of O 24 r 10 (see
_Dubai Bank_ at 739H, and [22(a)] above). I accordingly find that no reference
has been made to the documents in categories 8, 14, 15 and 16. As such, no
order for production will be made for these documents.

Issue 2 – Whether order for production should be made for documents allegedly
not in plaintiff’s possession, custody or power

29 Specifically with regard to the documents in categories 2 and 3, which I
have found to have been referred to in the Statement of Claim (see [26]
above), the plaintiff argued that an order for production should not be made
because these were documents in a contractual chain to which the plaintiff was
not a party (and accordingly were allegedly not in the plaintiff’s possession,
custody or power). The issue is therefore whether an order for production of
the documents in categories 2 and 3 should be made in view that these
documents are allegedly not in the possession, custody or power of the
plaintiff.

The law

30 The Application was made under O 24 r 11(1)(a) because the plaintiff failed
to serve a notice in Form 41 as required by O 24 r 10(2).

31 It is important to note that O 24 r 11(1) differs from O 24 r 11(2) in one
material aspect. Under O 24 r 11(2), the court may only permit the applicant
to inspect documents which are in the “possession, custody or power” of the
responding party. Such a requirement is not stated under O 24 r 11(1). O 24 r
11 provides as follows:

**11\. Order for production for inspection (O. 24, r. 11)**

(1) If a party who is required by Rule 9 to serve such a notice as is therein
mentioned or who is served with a notice under Rule 10 (1) —

(a) fails to serve a notice under Rule 9 or, as the case may be, Rule 10 (2);

(b) objects to produce any document for inspection; or

(c) offers inspection at a time or place such that, in the opinion of the
Court, it is unreasonable to offer inspection then or, as the case may be,
there,

then, subject to Rule 13 (1), the Court may, on the application of the party
entitled to inspection, make an order in Form 42 for the production of the
documents in question for inspection at such time and place, and in such
manner, as it thinks fit.

(2) Without prejudice to paragraph (1), but subject to Rule 13 (1), the Court
may, on the application of any party to a cause or matter, order any other
party to permit the party applying to inspect any documents _in the
possession, custody or power of that other party_ in respect of which
discovery has been given under any Rule in this Order or in pursuance of any
order made thereunder.

(3) An application for an order under paragraph (2) must be supported by an
affidavit specifying or describing the documents of which inspection is sought
and stating the belief of the deponent that they are _in the possession,
custody or power of the other party_ and that discovery has been given of them
under any Rule in this Order or in pursuance of any order made thereunder.

[emphasis added]

32 While no Singapore cases were cited to me on this point, the English case
of _Rafidain Bank_ is instructive. In _Rafidain Bank_ , it was held that the
omission of the requirement of “possession, custody or power” from the
equivalent RSC provision was, as a matter of construction and common sense, a
“deliberate” one (_Rafidain Bank_ at 1610H). This is because the party who
refers to the documents in his pleadings or affidavits does so _by choice_ ,
and usually because these documents were either essential to his cause of
action (or defence), or of significant probative value to him (_ibid_). These
do not presuppose that the said documents would be in that party’s possession,
custody or power (_ibid_).

33 The court in _Rafidain Bank_ further emphasised that there was no reason
why the broad scope of O 24 rr 10 and 11(1) should be restricted such that an
order may only be made pursuant thereto if the documents sought are in the
possession, custody or power of the party to whom the order if made is
directed (_ibid_ at 1613E). This should be contrasted with O 24 r 11(2), which
contains the “exceptional restriction” that the making of an order pursuant
thereto is dependent on whether the documents sought to be inspected are in
the possession, custody or power of the party to whom the order if made is
directed (_ibid_).

34 However, given that the court has discretion _vis-à-vis_ whether or not to
grant an order for production under O 24 r 11(1), the absence of possession,
custody or power may be a _factor_ taken into consideration in the exercise of
such discretion. The absence of possession, custody or power will “sometimes
amount to a good cause” not to order production of such documents, but not
“invariably” so (_Rafidain Bank_ at 1611B). The court in _Rafidain Bank_ gave,
as an example, the case of a “technical” absence of possession, custody or
power where there is evidence that the third party who had possession of the
document would very likely make it available if only he was asked to do so.
The court was of the view that in such a situation, there was no reason that
the court should be powerless to make an order for production, despite the
respondent’s lack of possession, custody or power.

35 I invited further submissions on what “good cause”, as referred to in
_Rafidain Bank_ , meant or entailed. Counsel for the plaintiff argued that
_Rafidain Bank_ established that the court should be inclined to make an order
for production where it is _likely_ that a third party in possession of the
documents would provide the documents upon being asked to do so. He further
asserted that the converse was also true, _viz_ , that the court should _not_
order production where it is _unlikely_ that a third party in possession of
the documents would provide the documents upon being asked to do so. In his
view, a third party being unlikely to provide the documents when asked to do
so would constitute “good cause” not to order production.

36 I am not convinced by the plaintiff’s arguments. First, it should be
emphasised that in _Rafidain Bank_ , the “technical” lack of possession,
custody or power was cited as an _example_ (and by no means an _exhaustive_
one) in which courts will order production where a party asserts that it lacks
possession, custody or power over the documents in question. There is
therefore scant basis for the plaintiff’s assertion that the converse argument
he propounded is supported by the case.

37 Second, in _Zida Technologies Limited v Tiga Technologies v Tiga
Technologies Limited and others_ HCA 5617/2000 (“ _Zida_ ”), the High Court of
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region had occasion to consider _Rafidain
Bank_ , _Dubai Bank_ and _Quilter_ in the context of the court’s exercise of
discretion under the equivalent provision in Hong Kong. In that case, the
applicant sought the production of documents referred to in an affidavit,
under a provision equivalent to O 24 r 11. The respondents asserted that they
did not and have never had those documents in their possession. Master Jones
ordered the respondents to produce the documents for inspection. In the course
of appealing against Master Jones’ order, the respondents filed an affirmation
setting out the attempts to obtain the documents. In that affirmation, it was
claimed that the 3rd respondent tried to approach the third parties (who were
allegedly in possession of the documents) in or about December 2000 to obtain
the documents. The request was rejected because neither of the third parties
wished to be embroiled in the litigation. The 2nd respondent also affirmed
that it sent two letters in May 2001 to request for the documents to be
provided, but there was no response forthcoming from the third parties by the
time of the appeal hearing. On appeal, the court ruled that (at [58]-[59]):

The timing of the 3 May letters shows that an attempt to comply with Master
Jones’ Order was made only on the penultimate day for compliance. It all has
the look of a set-piece. There are _no chaser letters_ in evidence. There is
_no file note exhibited of any telephone or other communication_ from the
solicitors. There is no evidence from the [respondents] that they have or have
not communicated with the third parties about the Order since it was made.
Indeed since this prospect was first contemplated, when the [applicant] asked
for inspection in December 2000, there is no evidence from the [respondents]
themselves (as opposed to their solicitors) as to whether this issue has been
discussed before or since the 3rd [respondent] spoke to the third parties, “in
or about December 2000”.

In my judgment, the [respondents] certainly _have not been robust_ about
meeting the obligation of [Master Jones’] Order and have been adroit in
_demonstrating only the lamest efforts_ in this regard from the start. This is
a relevant consideration in the exercise of any discretion.

[emphasis added]

38 It is clear from _Zida_ that it is insufficient for the party refusing
discovery to demonstrate “only the lamest efforts” in requesting the necessary
documents from the relevant third party (_Zida_ at [59]). Where the efforts to
obtain the necessary documents are “undistinguished by zeal” (_Zida_ at [55]),
the fact that the relevant third party refuses to cooperate is _per se_
insufficient for the party refusing discovery to discharge its onus of showing
“good cause” (see _Zida_ at [51]-[59]).

Application to the facts

39 In the present case, the documents in categories 2 and 3 are indisputably
critical documents as they form an integral part of the plaintiff’s case. The
plaintiff’s claim is for freight allegedly owed to them due to an alleged
exercise of a lien pursuant to a clause in the plaintiff’s charterparty. As
such, even for a _prima facie_ case to be made out in the plaintiff’s favour,
the plaintiff’s claim is dependent on the exercise of an unbroken line of
corresponding lien clauses in all the charterparties in the contractual chain
(the plaintiff itself asserts this in paragraph 8 of the Statement of Claim).

40 Counsel for the plaintiff informed me at the first hearing that the
plaintiff had requested for these documents from the Third Parties, but that
no response from the Third Parties has been forthcoming. At the second
hearing, I ordered the plaintiff to file an affidavit detailing all the
efforts made to obtain these documents from the Third Parties. In the
resultant affidavit, it was deposed that the plaintiffs had previously on 22
May 2012 requested for copies of the documents from the Third Parties. None of
the Third Parties provided the Plaintiffs with the documents – Isaphia
asserted that the plaintiffs had no right to demand disclosure of the
documents, while Prime East and Precious did not respond to the plaintiffs’
requests. The affidavit stated that subsequent to the second hearing, the
plaintiff had further attempted to obtain copies of the documents through its
chartering brokers, but to no avail.

41 Against this backdrop, counsel for the plaintiff asserted that this was not
a case where there was a “technical” lack of possession, custody or power, and
that the Third Parties were very unlikely to provide the Plaintiffs with the
documents. As such, relying on the argument detailed at [35] above, the
plaintiff contended that it had shown “good cause” why production of the
documents in categories 2 and 3 should not be ordered.

42 I am not convinced by the plaintiff’s arguments. Like the respondents in
_Zida_ who only tried to obtain the documents on one occasion before making
another last-minute “set-piece” attempt (_Zida_ at [58]), here the plaintiff
did not make any further requests for the documents from the Third Parties
after having its 22 May 2012 request rejected by Isaphia and ignored by Prime
East and Precious. It was only subsequent to my direction at the second
hearing (for the plaintiff to file an affidavit detailing all the attempts
made to obtain the documents from the third parties) that the plaintiff’s
solicitors attempted to obtain the documents through the plaintiff’s
chartering brokers. Even then, no details were provided on what these alleged
attempts were or how they were carried out. Furthermore, and especially with
regard to the plaintiff’s assertion that there was no response from Prime East
and Precious, instead of attempting to solicit a response from them, the
plaintiffs opted not to send any “chaser letters” or to follow up on its
requests in any form. The plaintiff’s efforts in obtaining the documents are,
to borrow a phrase used in _Zida_ , “undistinguished by zeal”.

43 For the avoidance of doubt, I am aware that the facts of present case are
different from those in _Zida_. In _Zida_ , the respondents had a “close
business relationship” with the third parties, and one of the third parties
appeared to be “nothing less than the customs agent for the [respondents]”
(_Zida_ at [47]). In contrast, there is no evidence of similar relationships
between the plaintiff and the Third Parties here. Be that as it may, in my
view, the plaintiff has not been robust in its attempts to obtain the
documents from the Third Parties. Notably, the plaintiff’s 22 May 2012 request
was made _prior_ to the Application being taken out, and even _after_ the
Application had been taken out, the plaintiff did not attempt to step up its
efforts to obtain the relevant documents from the Third Parties. It is also
notable that when resisting the production of the documents, the plaintiff
merely claimed that the documents were not in its possession, custody or
power; no attempts were made to show “good cause” why the production of
documents in categories 2 and 3 should not be ordered.

44 As such, in view of the criticality of the documents in categories 2 and 3
to the plaintiff’s case, as well as the lack of effort on the plaintiff’s part
in attempting to obtain the relevant documents from the Third Parties, the
plaintiff has not shown “good cause” why an order for production should not be
made for the documents in categories 2 and 3.

Issue 3 – Whether production of documents “necessary”

45 As a general contention, the plaintiff contended that the production of
documents requested in Annex A was not necessary at the present stage of the
proceedings, because (a) the defendant has filed a substantive Defence,
without the need for reference to the aforesaid documents; and (b) there are
no interlocutory applications or applications for summary determination of the
matter in the proceedings at present which warrant discovery of these
documents at this stage for the fair disposition of the same or for saving
costs.

46 The defendant argued that disclosure of the documents requested in Annex A
was necessary because (a) the disclosure of the documents would put the
defendant in a better position to ascertain whether it is expedient and/or
justified to resort to summary processes and/or other interlocutory
applications; and (b) as alluded to in [6] above, it was apparent on the face
of the Defence that it was filed with an unambiguous and express reservation
of rights to amend the Defence because the plaintiff had pleaded matters which
the defendant was either unaware of and/or not privy to.

47 The issue is therefore whether the production of documents requested in
Annex A is “necessary” for the purposes of O 24 r 13(1).

The law

48 Before an order for production will be made under O 24 r 13(1), the court
must opine that the order is _necessary_ either for _disposing fairly of the
cause or matter_ or for _saving costs_. Order 24 r 13(1) provides:

**13\. Production to be ordered only if necessary, etc. (O. 24, r. 13)**

(1) No order for the production of any documents for inspection or to the
Court shall be made under any of the foregoing Rules unless the Court is of
the opinion that the order is _necessary_ either for _disposing fairly of the
cause or matter_ or for _saving costs_. …

[emphasis added]

49 The plaintiff argued that the discovery of the documents in Annex A at the
at the present stage of the proceedings would not assist either in the fair
disposal of the matter or save costs. This argument was similar to the one
raised by the defendants in _Woodcliff_. In _Woodcliff_ , the court recognised
that for discovery applications under O 24 rr 1, 5 and 6, it was possible to
defer discovery of a document on the basis that disclosure _at that stage of
the proceedings_ is not necessary, leaving it open for a subsequent discovery
request to be made at a later stage of the proceedings (_Woodcliff_ at [36]).
This is because O 24 r 7 (to which O 24 rr 1, 5 and 6 are subject) provides:

**7\. Discovery to be ordered only if necessary (O. 24, r. 7)**

On the hearing of an application for an order under Rule 1, 5 or 6, the Court
may, if satisfied that discovery is not necessary, or _not necessary at that
stage of the cause or matter_ , dismiss or, as the case may be, adjourn the
application and shall in any case refuse to make such an order if and so far
as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary either for disposing
fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

[emphasis added]

50 In contrast, there is _no temporal dimension to the test of necessity_
under O 24 r 13 (_Woodcliff_ at [37]). Accordingly, under O 24 r 13, if
production is necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or
for saving costs, the document “ _has to be_ produced for inspection”
[emphasis added]. Indeed, the court went so far as to emphasise that O 24 r 13
_did not_ give the court the flexibility to defer an order for production to a
later stage of the proceedings once it is found that such production was
_necessary_ (_ibid_).

Application to the facts

51 Counsel for the plaintiff attempted to distinguish _Woodcliff_ by arguing
that the court was there concerned with O 24 r 13, whereas the present
application was one made under O 24 r 11. This argument gains no traction
whatsoever, given that O 24 r 11(1) itself states that it is “subject to Rule
13(1)”, and O 24 r 13(1) explicitly stipulates that it relates to the
“foregoing Rules” (which would include O 24 r 11). Counsel for the plaintiff
provided no further reason to distinguish _Woodcliff_ , and I see no reason
why the reasoning in _Woodcliff_ should not apply to the present case.

52 I find that the production of the documents in Annex A is necessary either
for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs. First, and
crucially, the plaintiff did not argue that the documents requested are
unnecessary for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.
Rather, the contentions raised by the plaintiff were _limited_ to arguing that
the production of documents is not necessary _at the present stage of the
proceedings_. This, as mentioned in [50] above, is not a relevant argument
insofar as O 24 r 13(1) is concerned. Second, I agree with the reasons cited
by the defendant in [46] above _vis-à-vis_ the necessity of the documents for
disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs.

53 As such, I find that the test of necessity in O 24 r 13(1) is satisfied,
and exercise my discretion under O 24 r 11(1) in the defendant’s favour. This
does not apply, however, to the documents in categories 8, 14, 15 and 16 as I
have found that no reference was made to these documents in the plaintiff’s
pleadings (see [28] above).

Conclusion

54 In view of the foregoing, I order that the plaintiff does, within seven (7)
days of the date of this order, file and serve on the defendant a list of
documents and an affidavit verifying the same, stating whether it has or has
had at any time in its possession, custody or power documents in categories 1,
2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13 of Annex A, and if the documents have
been but are now not in its possession, custody or power, stating when it
parted with the documents and what has become of the documents. No order is
made for the documents in categories 8, 14, 15 and 16.

55 I additionally order that there be inspection of all documents specified in
the list of documents filed and served pursuant to [54] above, within seven
(7) days of service of the said list. The defendant is at liberty to take
copies of the said documents.

56 I will now hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

