Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The “Bunga Melati 5”  
[2012] SGCA 46

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 193 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leong Kah Wah, Teo Ke-Wei Ian and Koh See Bin (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the appellant; Prem Gurbani and Tan Hui Tsing (Gurbani & Co) for
the respondent.  
Parties| :|  The "Bunga Melati 5"  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 4 SLR 1017.]

21 August 2012|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 In this matter, the appellant claimed that there was a contractual
relationship between itself and the respondent (established through the agency
of a third party) over bunker supplies for a sum costing more than
US$21million. On the respondent’s application, an Assistant Registrar (the
“AR”) struck out the appellant’s action under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (the “ROC”) or the inherent jurisdiction of the
court on the ground that the appellant’s action was plainly unsustainable and
ought not to be allowed to proceed to a full trial. This decision was
subsequently affirmed by a High Court judge (the “Judge”) in _The “Bunga_
_Melati 5”_ [2011] SGHC 195 (the “GD”).

2 After considering the parties’ submissions, we allowed the appeal and
restored the appellant’s action. The detailed reasons for our decision are now
set out.

The facts

3 The appellant, Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services Pte Ltd, is a
Singapore company in the business of supplying bunkers. The respondent, MISC
Berhad, is a Malaysian shipping company that owns and operates a number of
vessels, including the _Bunga_ _Melati_ 5.

The appellant’s case

4 According to the appellant, it had, on or about 3 July 2008, entered into
two fixed price contracts with the respondent, under which the appellant
agreed to supply 35,000 metric tonnes of bunkers to vessels owned or operated
by the respondent in August and September 2008 at the price of US$744 and
US$750 per metric tonne respectively (the “Fixed Price Contracts”). The
appellant also alleged that it had, on or about 18 September 2008, entered
into a separate contract with the respondent for the supply of 1,100 metric
tonnes of bunkers, on a “spot” basis, to the respondent’s vessel  _The_  _MT
Navig8 Faith_ (the “Navig8 Faith Contract”). Both contracts will be
collectively referred to as “the Bunker Contracts”.

5 According to the appellant, a Malaysian company, Market Asia Link Sdn Bhd
(“MAL”), a company engaged in bunker trading, had at all material times acted
as the broker or buying agent of the respondent in respect of the Bunker
Contracts.

6 In the case of the Fixed Price Contracts, a firm of bunker brokers, Compass
Marine Fuels Ltd (“Compass Marine”) acted on behalf of the appellant; whereas
in the case of the Navig8 Faith Contract, another firm of bunker brokers,
OceanConnect UK Ltd (“OceanConnect”) acted on behalf of the appellant.

7 The appellant received bunker confirmations from Compass Marine and
OceanConnect plainly identifying the respondent (and not MAL) as “buyers” and
the appellant as “sellers”. The appellant also received two letters from MAL
identifying the respondent as “Buyers c/o MAL”. In short, all the
correspondence/contracting documents between the appellant and MAL, Compass
Marine or OceanConnect consistently referred to the respondent as the
“Buyers”.[note: 1]

The respondent’s case

8 The respondent’s position, however, was that it _only_ had a contractual
relationship with MAL. Pursuant to a six-month Bunker Fixed Price Agreement
(“BFPA”) concluded in March 2008, MAL had agreed to supply 138,000 tonnes of
bunkers at a fixed price of US$475 per metric tonne, from 24 March 2008 to 23
September 2008, to vessels owned or operated by the respondent.

9 According to the respondent, the BFPA was the subject-matter of a tender and
MAL was amongst eight companies that received bid documents. Six companies
submitted bids to the respondent, and eventually MAL was successful in the
tender and was awarded the BFPA on 14 March 2008. Notably, in the BFPA, the
respondent was referred to as the “Buyer” and MAL as the “Seller” – with no
indication whatsoever that MAL was the respondent’s buying agent.[note: 2] In
addition to the BFPA, there were also nine spot contracts (the “Market Price
Contracts”)[note: 3] for the supply of bunkers to vessels owned or operated by
the respondent at the prevailing market rates for bunkers.

10 The respondent alleged that the only invoices it received were MAL’s
invoices on MAL’s letterhead (_ie_ , it had never received any of the
appellant’s invoices).[note: 4] According to the respondent, it did not have
or seek control over how MAL secured its supplies,[note: 5] and none of the
documents adduced by the appellant to prove that MAL was the respondent’s
agent had ever been revealed to the respondent.[note: 6] Pursuant to the
contracts between MAL and the respondent, the respondent claimed to have paid
MAL in full a sum of US$17,336,660.69 for the supplies which formed the
subject matter of the action by the appellant.[note: 7]

The appellant’s efforts to recover its dues

The proceedings in California, USA

11 The appellant initially commenced proceedings against the respondent in the
United States District Court for the Central District of California (the
“California District Court”) in late November 2008 when it did not receive
full payment in respect of the bunkers it had supplied to/via MAL. Prior to
this, when the appellant demanded payment from the respondent on 5 November
2008, its demand was forwarded to MAL which stated that it would take “full
responsibility”.[note: 8] The appellant also filed a “Verified Complaint” to
obtain an attachment order under Rule B of the Supplemental Rules for
Admiralty or Maritime Claims and Asset Forfeiture Actions of the Federal Rules
of Civil Procedure (the “Rule B attachment order”).[note: 9] The Rule B
attachment order was executed against one of the respondent’s vessel, the
_Bunga_ _Kasturi Lima_ , at Long Beach, California.

12 An offer to provide a corporate guarantee to secure the appellant’s claim
against MAL was made to the appellant by the respondent (on condition that the
appellant withdrew all suits against the respondent in the United States and
ceased commencing any further actions _in rem_ against the respondent’s
vessels) a day after the Rule B attachment order was executed against the
_Bunga_ _Kasturi Lima_. The appellant, however, did not accept this offer.

13 The respondent then on 15 December 2008 filed a motion to vacate the Rule B
attachment order and to dismiss the Verified Complaint.[note: 10] The
California District Court after consideration vacated the Rule B attachment
order on 18 December 2008,[note: 11] a decision which was later upheld by the
United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.[note: 12] Prior to the
motion to dismiss the Verified Complaint being heard, the appellant withdrew
its action in California.

The proceedings in Singapore

14 Subsequently, the appellant commenced _in rem_ proceedings in the Singapore
High Court on 5 February 2010 for the sum of US$21,703,059.39 before
contractual interest[note: 13] and served the writ _in rem_ on the
respondent’s vessel – the _Bunga_ _Melati 5_.

15 The appellant’s case was essentially that the respondent was a party to the
Bunker Contracts _via_ the agency of the respondent’s alleged agent, MAL, and
that the respondent was, therefore, contractually liable to the appellant for
the bunkers supplied. In the present appeal, the appellant decided to hinge
its contractual claim solely on the doctrine of agency by estoppel – that it
had relied on representations made by the respondent that MAL was clothed with
ostensible authority to conclude the Bunker Contracts on the respondent’s
behalf. In the alternative, the appellant also submitted that the respondent
was liable to it in unjust enrichment for enjoying the use of the appellant’s
bunkers without paying for them.

16 With regards to the agency claim, the relevant portion of the appellant’s
Statement of Claim[note: 14] is reproduced here:

**Agency by Estoppel**

19\. …

20\. The [appellant] avers that at all material times, the [respondent] knew
or ought to have known that the [appellant], Compass Marine and [OceanConnect]
believed that MAL was acting as the [respondent’s] exclusive buying agent or
buying agent.

_Particulars_

(a)To the best of the [appellant’s] knowledge, from as early as June 2006, the
[respondent] had routinely directed bunker traders, bunker suppliers and/or
bunker brokers (including Compass Marine and OceanConnect) to contact MAL to
discuss the [respondent’s] bunker requirements. By doing so, the [respondent]
had led bunker traders, bunker suppliers and/or bunker brokers to believe that
MAL was the [respondent]’s exclusive buying agent or buying agent.

(b)At all material times, the [respondent] knew or ought to have known that
MAL represented itself to bunker traders, bunker suppliers and/or bunker
brokers (including Compass Marine and OceanConnect) as the [respondent’s]
exclusive buying agent or buying agent.

17 In support of its claim that an express representation had been made to the
appellant, the appellant primarily relied on the affidavit of one Mr Darren
Middleton (“Mr Middleton”), director of Compass Marine. Mr Middleton had
deposed in his affidavit that on or about 22 May 2006, an employee from the
respondent’s bunker unit (whose name Mr Middleton could not recall) told him
that MAL was the respondent’s bunker broker, and directed him to contact MAL
to discuss the respondent’s bunker requirement. According to Mr Middleton, he
did so and on or about 25 May 2006,[note: 15] Compass Marine and MAL
successfully negotiated a bunker supply contract. As a result of other such
transactions concluded between MAL and Compass Marine, Compass Marine formed
the belief that MAL “acted exclusively for” the respondent.[note: 16]

The respondent’s application

18 On 2 March 2010, the respondent applied to set aside and/or strike out the
appellant’s writ. On 17 June 2010, the respondent successfully obtained the
following orders from the AR:[note: 17]

(a) that the appellant’s writ and statement of claim be struck out pursuant to
O 18 r 19 of the ROC and/or the inherent jurisdiction of the Court; and

(b) alternatively, that the appellant’s writ be struck out and/or set aside on
the basis that the admiralty jurisdiction _in rem_ of the Court under the High
Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed) (“HCAJA”) had been
improperly or invalidly invoked against the _Bunga_ _Melati 5_.

19 The respondent’s primary submission was a straightforward denial that there
was any agency relationship between itself and MAL. The respondent asserted
that at all material times, it had procured the sale and supply of bunkers for
its vessels from MAL as contractual sellers. While MAL had in turn procured
bunkers from suppliers such as the appellant, there was no contractual
relationship between itself and the appellant.

20 Consequently, the respondent submitted that the appellant’s claim should be
struck out for being plainly unsustainable on the merits. For the same
reasons, the respondent submitted that it was not “the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” under s 4(4)(_b_) of the
HCAJA and that the appellant had therefore wrongly invoked the admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ of the court.

21 In addition, the respondent also relied on the doctrine of issue estoppel,
arguing that the US proceedings have estopped the appellant from litigating
the same issues before the Singapore courts, and that this provided an
additional ground why the appellant’s action should be struck out.

The Judge’s decision

22 In the GD, the Judge upheld the AR’s decision to strike out the appellant’s
action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

23 On the appellants’ contractual claim employing the doctrine of agency by
estoppel, the Judge held that the appellant’s case was fraught with
insurmountable evidential difficulties (see the GD at [46]). The existence of
the BFPA and the Market Price Contracts, and the respondent’s due performance
of its respective obligations thereunder to MAL, established to the Judge’s
satisfaction that MAL was not the respondent’s agent.

24 The Judge analysed each of the legal requirements the appellants had to
satisfy to establish agency by estoppel and explained why each was found
wanting in her opinion:

(a) On the appellants’ claim in “express representation”, the Judge was of the
opinion that it was bound to fail (see the GD at [59]). The Judge found the
affidavit evidence of the appellant’s witnesses either unpersuasive or
irrelevant in proving that the respondent had expressly represented MAL as its
agents to the appellant.

(b) On the appellant’s claim in “implied representation”, the Judge held that
the appellant failed to show any convincing evidence that the respondents knew
or ought to have known that MAL was representing to the bunker industry that
it was acting as the agent of the respondents (see the GD at [60]).

(c) Even assuming that a representation had been made, the Judge held that
there was no real evidence that the alleged representation emanated from a
person with “actual authority” (see the GD at [61]).

(d) Crucially, the appellant had also relied on various facts which post-dated
the conclusion and performance of the Bunker Contracts. The Judge thus held
that the requirement of “inducement” to establish agency by estoppel was
missing (see the GD at [62]).

25 On the appellant’s alternative claim in unjust enrichment, the Judge agreed
with the respondent that there was no “unjust factor” to speak of (see the GD
at [65]). The Judge was of the opinion that allowing the appellant’s claim in
unjust enrichment would be tantamount to “[undermining] the parties
contractual arrangements”. The respondent could also rely on the defence of
change of position which, in the Judge’s view, successfully stood in the way
of the appellant’s claim in unjust enrichment (see the GD at [66]).

26 For the above reasons, the Judge held for the respondent by striking out
the appellant’s action on the ground that the causes of action pleaded were
plainly unsustainable pursuant to O 18 r 19 of the ROC. As for the
respondent’s reliance on issue estoppel, the Judge held that the US
proceedings were not “final and conclusive on the merits” and were therefore
not capable of giving rise to an issue estoppel in the respondent’s favour
(see the GD at [74]). The Judge found that the US proceedings in question were
only concerned with whether or not the Rule B attachment order was to be
vacated, and it was open to the courts in the United States to reach a
different view on the same issues at the subsequent stage of considering the
_actual motion_ to dismiss the Verified Complaint (see GD at [72]).

27 After striking out the appellant’s action, the Judge also in an _obiter_
discussion expressed her views on whether the appellant’s writ _in rem_ could
be similarly set aside under O 12 r 7 of the ROC for having not properly
invoked the admiralty _in rem_ jurisdiction of the court. Earlier, the AR had
held that when an admiralty plaintiff’s writ was challenged, apart from
satisfying the relevant provisions of the HCAJA, there was also an
_independent requirement_ that the plaintiff show a “good arguable case” _on
the merits_ of its claim to invoke admiralty jurisdiction. The Judge disagreed
with the AR, holding that the setting aside of the writ and all consequent
proceedings for lack of jurisdiction under O 12 r 7 of the ROC were to be
governed solely by the HCAJA, which did not mandate an enquiry into the merits
of a plaintiff’s claim.

Issues to be addressed

28 Three main issues arose for our consideration in the present appeal:

(a) First, the _sustainability of the appellant’s action_ : whether the
appellant’s claim should be struck out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC and/or the
inherent jurisdiction of the court.

(b) Second, _issue estoppel_ : whether the US proceedings established an issue
estoppel to bar the appellant from litigating its claim in Singapore.

(c) Third, the _invoking of the admiralty in rem jurisdiction of the court_ :
whether it was necessary for the appellant to satisfy a “merits test” in order
to properly and/or validly invoke the admiralty jurisdiction of the court.

The sustainability of the appellant’s action

The law on striking out

29 The circumstances under which a claim can be struck out pursuant to O 18 r
19 of the ROC are as follows:

**Striking out pleadings and endorsements (O. 18, r. 19)**

**19.** —(1) The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck
out or amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or
anything in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that —

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) it may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action; or

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

(2) No evidence shall be admissible on an application under paragraph
(1)(_a_).

(3) This Rule shall, as far as applicable, apply to an originating summons as
if it were a pleading.

30 The respondent’s application on 2 March 2010 (see above at [18]), adopted a
“kitchen sink” approach where three out of four limbs (limbs (_a_), (b) and
(_d_)) of O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC) were listed as possible grounds for the
appellant’s claim to be struck out.[note: 18] The respondent’s written
submissions before us also did not make it clear exactly which limb in O 18 r
19(1) of the ROC it was relying on.

31 In our view, it would be a good practice for an applicant of a striking out
order to precisely correlate the arguments it advances to the _exact limb_
under O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC which it seeks to rely on. Such a practice will
assist the courts to better understand the thrust of the applicant’s arguments
and assess them. While there is some similarity and overlap amongst the four
limbs of O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC, each limb, conceptually speaking, serves a
specific purpose _apropos_ the court’s power to summarily dismiss a party’s
claim.

32 In the present case, although the respondent did not specify the exact limb
under O 18 r 19(1) of the ROC it was relying on to strike out the appellant’s
claim, the AR and the Judge below appear to have understood the respondent’s
arguments to be premised on O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the ROC – _ie_ , that the
appellant’s action was “frivolous or vexatious”. This can be inferred from
their repetitive usage of phrases such as “plainly unsustainable” and
“obviously unsustainable” to describe the appellant’s action; phrases which
have long been articulated in relation to the meaning of the words “frivolous
or vexatious” in O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the ROC (see _Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para 18/19/12 (“
_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ ”)).

33 We note that whether an action is _plainly or obviously unsustainable_ is
also the relevant test governing the inherent jurisdiction of the court to
strike out a party’s claim, since it is trite law that the court “has an
inherent jurisdiction to stay all proceedings before it which are obviously
frivolous or vexatious or an abuse of its process” (_Singapore Civil Procedure
2007_ at para 18/19/16). In other words, when the proceedings are “frivolous
or vexatious” (_ie_ , obviously or plainly unsustainable), the court can also
exercise its inherent jurisdiction to halt such proceedings _in limine_ (see
_Schwarz & Co (Grain) Ltd v St Elefterio ex Arion (Owners) (The St Elefterio)_
[1957] 1 P 179 (“ _The St Elefterio_ ”) at 185; _Sunly Petroleum Co Ltd v The
Owners of the Ship or Vessel Lok_ _Maheshwari_ [1996] SGHC 212 (“ _Lok_
_Maheshwari_ ”) at [19]; and the GD at [133]–[135]). This provides coherence
between O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the ROC and the inherent jurisdiction of the
court to strike out a party’s claim.

When is an action plainly or obviously unsustainable

34 From a survey of the local case law, the phrases “plainly unsustainable” or
“obviously unsustainable” appear to be the furthest a judicial exegesis of O
18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the ROC has gone as far as the sustainability of a party’s
action is concerned (see _The Osprey_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 1099 (“ _The Osprey_ ”)
at [8]; _Recordtv Pte Ltd v MediaCorp TV Singapore Pte Ltd and others_ [2009]
4 SLR(R) 43 at [17]). While it cannot be doubted that the generality of the
test of sustainability is precisely what enables a court to do justice based
on the facts before it, we are of the view that a more analytical formulation
of the test will (without sacrificing its flexibility) serve as a helpful
guide for future cases. Here, we found Lord Hope’s decision in _Three Rivers
District Council v Governor and Company of the Bank of England_ [2001] UKHL 16
(“ _Three Rivers District_ ”) helpful.

35 For the present purposes, the facts in _Three Rivers District_ are not
important. Very briefly, the claimants were depositors who had lost money as a
result of the collapse of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International, and
had initiated proceedings against the defendant (the Bank of England) for the
tort of misfeasance in public office. The Bank of England applied to strike
out the claimants’ claim, and while it succeeded in the English Court of
Appeal (“ECA”), the House of Lords overruled the decision of the ECA in a 3:2
decision and allowed the claimants’ claim to proceed to trial. The majority
Law Lords decided that the Bank of England did not satisfy the “no real
prospect of succeeding” test in the Civil Procedure Rules 1998 (SI 1998 No
3132) (UK) (“CPR”) rule 24.2(a)(i), which reads:

The court may give summary judgment against a claimant or defendant on the
whole of a claim or on a particular issue if —

(a) it considers that —

(i) that claimant has no real prospect of succeeding on the claim or issue …

36 The foundation for CPR r 24.2(a)(i) is none other than our current O 18 r
19(1)(_b_) of the ROC, as recognized by Lord Hutton in _Three Rivers District_
at [119]. The “no real prospect of succeeding” test in CPR r 24.2(a)(i)
therefore “corresponds in a broad way” to the “plainly or obviously
unsustainable” test in O 18 r 19(1)(_b_). We have kept in mind, however, that
the “no real prospect of succeeding” test was crafted in the UK to make it
easier for the courts to dispose of unmeritorious claims summarily as compared
with O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) (see Adrian Zuckerman, _Zuckerman on Civil Procedure:
Principles of Practice_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 2nd Ed, 2006) at pp 285–286), and in
that regard the _substantive threshold_ which an applicant has to satisfy
under the two tests cannot therefore be identical. Nonetheless, the judicial
opinions of the House of Lords as to the _general approach_ a court should
adopt in a striking out application are still helpful, and it is that element
of _Three Rivers District_ which we now turn our attention to.

37 In our view, Lord Hope’s concise analysis at [95] of _Three Rivers
District_ is particularly instructive:

I would approach that further question in this way. The method by which issues
of fact are tried in our courts is well settled. After the normal processes of
discovery and interrogatories have been completed, the parties are allowed to
lead their evidence so that the trial judge can determine where the truth lies
in the light of that evidence. To that rule there are some well-recognised
exceptions. For example, it may be clear as a matter of law at the outset that
even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he offers to
prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks. In that event a
trial of the facts would be a waste of time and money, and it is proper that
the action should be taken out of court as soon as possible. In other cases it
may be possible to say with confidence before trial that the factual basis for
the claim is fanciful because it is entirely without substance. It may be
clear beyond question that the statement of facts is contradicted by all the
documents or other material on which it is based. The simpler the case the
easier it is likely to be take that view and resort to what is properly called
summary judgment. But more complex cases are unlikely to be capable of being
resolved in that way without conducting a mini-trial on the documents without
discovery and without oral evidence. As Lord Woolf said in [_Swain v Hillman_
[2001] 1 All ER 91 at 95] that is not the object of the rule. It is designed
to deal with cases that are not fit for trial at all.

38 An analytical understanding of Lord Hope’s holding would reveal the two
grounds upon which, in his view, a party’s claim may be struck out by the
court: First, on the _legal ground_ that it is “clear as a matter of law at
the outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that
he offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”; and
second, on the _factual ground_ that “the factual basis for the claim is
fanciful because it is entirely without substance”.

39 In our view, this analytical, fact-law distinction can similarly be applied
to O 18 r 19(1)(_b_) of the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court to
strike out unsustainable actions. Such a distinction helps to _more clearly
elucidate_ what a court means when it holds that an action is “plainly or
obviously” unsustainable. Applying this conceptual prism, a “plainly or
obviously” unsustainable action would be one which is either:

(a) _Legally unsustainable_ : if “it may be clear as a matter of law at the
outset that even if a party were to succeed in proving all the facts that he
offers to prove he will not be entitled to the remedy that he seeks”; or

(b) _Factually unsustainable_ : if it is “possible to say with confidence
before trial that the factual basis for the claim is fanciful because it is
entirely without substance, [for example, if it is] clear beyond question that
the statement of facts is contradicted by all the documents or other material
on which it is based”.

40 Interestingly, the Judge’s reasons in striking out the appellant’s claim in
our present case could also be analytically deconstructed upon the twin
grounds of factual and legal unsustainability as well. We now turn to consider
the appellant’s invocation of the doctrine of agency by estoppel.

The appellant’s claim in agency by estoppel

41 It is established law that an estoppel by representation will arise if the
following elements are made out by the appellant (_Freeman & Lockyer (A Firm)
v Buckhurst Park Properties (Mangal) Ltd and Another_ [1964] 2 QB 480;
_Skandinaviska_ _Enskilda_ _Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific
Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another suit_ [2009] 4 SLR(R)
788 (upheld on appeal in _Skandinaviska_ _Enskilda_ _Banken AB (Publ),
Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries (Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and
another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 540) (“ _Skandinaviska_ _(CA)_ ”) at [80]):

(a) a representation had been made to the appellant that MAL had authority to
enter (on behalf of the respondent) into the Bunker Contracts;

(b) such a representation had been made by a person or persons who had
“actual” authority to manage the respondent’s business either generally or in
respect of those matters to which the Bunker Contracts related; and

(c) the appellant had been induced by such representation to enter into the
contract,  _ie_ , that the appellant in fact relied upon it.

42 Having cited the undisputed legal proposition above (see the GD at [51]),
the Judge then went on to strike out the appellant’s claim for being “plainly
and obviously unsustainable” (see the GD at [75]). In our view, the Judge was
mistaken in doing so because it _could not_ be concluded with sufficient
certainty that the factual and legal elements of the appellant’s claim would
not be satisfied should this case proceed to a full trial.

The appellant’s claim could not be said to be so factually unsustainable that
it ought to have been struck out

43 From the GD, it appeared that the Judge had found the appellant’s claim to
be factually unsustainable on two bases (see the GD at [54]):

(a) Firstly, that Mr Middleton’s affidavit was contradicted by an affidavit
filed on behalf of the respondent by Mr Shaharum (the respondent’s Manager of
Bunker Operations and Management). Mr Shaharum had stated that no one in the
bunker unit recalled having conversations of the sort alleged by Mr
Middleton.[note: 19] In the Judge’s own words, this created “ _some doubt_ …
as to whether or not the alleged representations had been made at all”
[emphasis added].

(b) Secondly, that Compass Marine might have had a _vested interest_ in
asserting that MAL was the respondent’s agent, for if not, Compass Marine
would potentially be liable to the appellant in negligence in having
misrepresented that the appellant’s contractual buyer was the respondent when
it was in fact MAL.

44 In our opinion, these two bases did not make it _plain_ that Mr Middleton’s
allegation or the appellant’s claim is factually unsustainable or inherently
unprovable. On the first basis, the appellant rightly submitted that if the
Judge merely _doubted_ whether or not the alleged representations had been
made at all, the Judge ought not to have dismissed Mr Middleton’s evidence
summarily.[note: 20] Indeed, having stated that there was merely “some doubt”
in her mind, the Judge should not have “prefer[red] the account of one side
rather than the other” (_Boris Abramovich_ _Berezovsky v Roman Arkadievich_
_Abramovich_ [2010] EWHC 647 (Comm) at [147]).

45 The second basis was also unconvincing as the credibility and/or motivation
of Mr Middleton was a matter which should rightfully be left to trial, given
that Mr Middleton had not contradicted himself in his affidavit. _Save in the
plainest of cases, a court should not in a striking out application choose
between conflicting accounts of crucial facts._ This was not such a case, as
the following paragraphs will show.

46 In response, the respondent attempted to shore up the Judge’s decision by
first questioning the veracity of Mr Middleton’s evidence,[note: 21] before
suggesting that it would be highly unlikely that the appellant would be able
to identify the employee who allegedly made the representation even if this
case proceeded to trial.[note: 22] Based on the affidavit evidence available,
which was all that the court possessed at this stage of the proceedings, the
appellant’ claim in express representation before us might at first blush
appear to be problematic indeed. After all, the appellant’s claim hinged
largely on Mr Middleton’s affidavit, and yet Mr Middleton could not even
recall the name of the employee who allegedly made the representation.
However, as counsel for the appellant rightly submitted during oral
submissions, we simply could not rule out the possibility that Mr Middleton’s
memory could be refreshed by documents served upon discovery, or that one of
the respondent’s employees might corroborate Mr Middleton’s claim upon cross-
examination should this case proceed to trial.

47 Moreover, we noted certain facts in this case which suggested to us that
the appellant had at least an _arguable case_ , and that its claim in express
representation was therefore _not_ “entirely without substance” (_Three Rivers
District_ at [95]), even if such a claim appeared to be weak on the merits at
the present interlocutory stage.

48 First, the respondent did pay off some of the bunker suppliers who were in
the same position as the appellant soon after MAL went into financial
distress.[note: 23] While the respondent’s proffered reason for doing so (_ie_
, to avert the arrest of its vessels)[note: 24] is a reasonable one, it could
equally be said that the respondent did so because it knew that it was in a
contractual relationship with these bunker suppliers. The duty to determine
which of these reasons is more plausible given the circumstances lies with the
trial judge.

49 Second, Mr Lars Nielsen, the Managing Director of Brilliant Maritime
Services (“BMS”), a firm of bunker traders and brokers, had filed an affidavit
deposing that, in or around September 2008, an employee in the respondent’s
Bunker Unit named “Khairul” told one of his staff that MAL was the
respondent’s bunker broker, and directed BMS to contact MAL to discuss the
respondent’s bunker requirements.[note: 25] While the Judge was correct that
Mr Nielsen’s evidence could not be regarded as an implied representation to
the appellant given that BMS was not involved in the appellant’s Bunker
Contracts (see the GD at [57]), we disagreed that such evidence could be
summarily dismissed as irrelevant. In doing so, the Judge appears to have
overlooked the fact that based on para 20(a) of the appellant’s Statement of
Claim, the appellant had not relied _solely_ on Mr Middleton’s affidavit but
also on the alleged fact that “the [respondent] had routinely directed bunker
traders, bunker suppliers and/or bunker brokers … to contact MAL” (see above
at [16]). In our view, Mr Nielsen’s affidavit at the very least _corroborated_
the appellant’s claim that the respondent had a practice of making express
representations to bunker suppliers that MAL was its agent. Whether this
corroboration is truly relevant or meritorious is a matter for the trial judge
to decide.

50 Third, it was also telling that the respondent had not unequivocally stated
on record that it had _never_ referred bunker suppliers like the appellant to
MAL and that all its employees had been instructed not to make such referrals.
This was confirmed by counsel of the respondent during oral submissions. While
this did not imply that Mr Middleton’s allegation that there was an express
representation is to be believed, it did suggest to us that it was certainly
not “clear beyond question that the [appellant’s] statement of facts is
contradicted” by all other circumstantial evidence (_Three Rivers District_ at
[95]).

51 Fourth, we were unable to share the Judge’s certainty that the documents
submitted by the respondent had indeed “demonstrated beyond doubt that MAL was
not the [respondent’s] agent” (see the GD at [49]). In particular, we were
concerned that many of the invoices rendered by MAL to the respondent were
illegible on the record;[note: 26] and as such, could not be independently and
accurately tallied against the evidence of payments claimed to have been made
by the respondent to MAL for the disputed transactions.[note: 27] In our view,
this did put a gloss as to whether the respondent had indeed conducted its
business with MAL in an ordinary manner. Instead of speculating further, we
saw this as yet another reason why this case should proceed to trial. Given
the ambiguous affidavit evidence as to “the precise relationships of the
varies parties involved” (see _The Osprey_ at [17]), it would be the role of
the trial court – as opposed to a court of summary jurisdiction - to determine
whether there was indeed a good faith, arms-length contract between the
respondent and MAL such that the latter could not be said to be the
respondent’s agent.

52 For the above reasons, the appellant’s claim in express representation was
not so plainly factually unsustainable that it ought to have been struck out.
_In striking out the appellant’s claim on this ground, the Judge had erred by
engaging in the assessment of the weight of the evidence available; a task
which strictly belongs to a trial judge who will have the benefit of_ _all the
fact-finding processes in a full trial._

The appellant’s claim could not be said to be so legally unsustainable that it
ought to have been struck out

53 To be convinced that the appellant’s claim was legally unsustainable, the
Judge must have been certain that even if the appellant were to succeed in
proving the alleged representation made to Mr Middleton, the appellant would
still not be entitled to the remedy that it had sought (see [39] above). This
would mean that certain legal elements of the appellant’s case on agency by
estoppel _could not_ be made out _even if the facts alleged were proved_ ,
resulting in the appellant’s claim being legally unsustainable or bound to
fail.

54 From both the AR’s and the Judge’s decisions below, three distinct legal
elements appear to have been highlighted as being unable to be satisfied _even
if_ the representation alleged by Mr Middleton was assumed to be true:

(a) First, the Judge held that there was no real evidence that any
representation, even assuming one had been made, emanated from a person with
“actual” authority (see the GD at [61]).

(b) Second, the Judge held that the alleged representations made in 2006 could
not be said to have remained operative as the Bunker Contracts concluded in
2008 (see the GD at [58]).

(c) Third, the AR had earlier held that the legal element of “inducement”
could not be satisfied because any alleged representation was made to Compass
Marine, and not to the appellant (_Equatorial Marine Fuel Management Services
Pte Ltd v The “Bunga_ _Melati 5_ [2010] SGHC 193 (“ _The Bunga_ _Melati 5
(AR)_ ”) at [60]).

55 In the following paragraphs, we address each of these legal elements
individually to explain why it could _not_ be said at this stage that the
appellant’s claim in express representation was so plainly _legally_
unsustainable that it ought to have been struck out.

(1) Could the alleged representation be said to have emanated from a person
with the requisite authority?

56 In its submissions, the appellant argued that while the employee could not
be specifically identified until the trial, the employee, being in the bunker
unit, must have had either actual or apparent authority to make the alleged
representation.[note: 28] The respondent argued, on the contrary, that any
such representation would have been made only by one of its junior executives
who would not have had the requisite authority to do so.[note: 29]

57 In our view, there was simply insufficient evidence before us to determine
if this legal element could be satisfied or not. Given that the identity of
the alleged employee remained unknown, it was not possible to determine
whether that alleged employee had actual or apparent authority. The onus would
be on the appellant to identify, at trial, the specific employee who _had the
requisite authority_ and did make the alleged representation. It would
therefore have been premature to conclude at this stage that this legal
element _could not_ be made out by the appellant.

58 Moreover, even if no employee in the bunker unit could be said to have the
_actual authority_ to make the alleged representation, it still remains
legally debatable whether the alleged employee’s _apparent authority_ could
similarly have sufficed. Although the Judge below appears to be of the view
that only actual authority could suffice, we noted the more nuanced view put
forth by established authors in the law of agency that (Peter Watts and FMB
Reynolds, _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (Thomson Reuters (Legal) Limited,
19th Ed, 2010) at para 8-021; see also Tan Cheng Han, _The Law of Agency_
(Academy Publishing, 2010) (“ _Tan Cheng Han_ ”) at p 86):

... It seems correct in principle to say that an agent can have apparent
authority to make representations as to the authority of other agents,
provided that his own authority can finally be traced back to a representation
by the principal or to a person with actual authority from the principal to
make it.

59 Crucially, _at this early stage of the proceedings_ , we hasten to add that
we are neither endorsing nor disagreeing with the view of the learned
academics cited above. This remains the proper task of the trial judge. The
above view did suggest, however, that even if no employee in the respondent’s
bunker unit had actual authority to make the alleged representation, the
appellant’s claim would still not be so legally unsustainable that it ought to
have been struck out at this stage.

(2) Could the alleged representation made in 2006 be said to have remained
operative for the Bunker Contracts concluded in 2008?

60 On the second legal element of whether the alleged representation remained
operative, the Judge was of the opinion that it could not be satisfied because
the alleged representation in 2006 referred to a completely different
transaction from the Bunker Contracts entered into in 2008. Citing from K R
Handley, _Spencer Bower, Turner and Handley: Actionable Misrepresentation_
(Butterworths, 4th Ed, 2000) (“ _Actionable Misrepresentation”_) at para 61
and _Director of Public Prosecutions v Ray_ [1974] 1 AC 370, the Judge held
that a representation could _only_ be said to be “continuing” if it was a
representation made for the purpose of a _particular_ transaction.

61 In its submissions, the appellant argued that it was precisely because the
alleged representation was _not_ restricted to a particular transaction but
was in essence a general one (_ie_ , that MAL was _generally_ authorised to
act as the respondent’s agent)[note: 30] that the authorities cited by the
Judge should be distinguished. Although the appellant did not cite any
authority which positively established the proposition it sought to rely on
(_ie_ , that representations of a general nature can be continuing unless
withdrawn as well), we were unable to dismiss the proposition as being legally
unsustainable summarily. In our _provisional_ view, it would be surprising
indeed should the law require a principal to make repetitive representations
to a long-term business counterparty as to the authority of the same agent for
each separate transaction before “agency by estoppel” could be established.

62 Crucially, this _provisional_ view of ours is not intended to be binding on
any court – least of all the trial court which would be hearing this case –
since we did not have the opportunity to hear the parties fully on this issue.
In our view, even if the appellant should eventually be held to have been
mistaken on this legal element, the arguments it had mounted certainly
sufficed to establish “a point of law which require[d] serious argument”
(_Singapore Civil Procedure 2007_ at para 18/19/6; _Oh Thevesa v Sia_ _Hok
Chai_ [1992] 1 MLJ 215).

63 If our provisional view is correct, then whether the representation was
truly a “continuing” one would naturally depend on _the exact words and
context_ _in which_ Mr Middleton claimed to have heard from the employee at
the respondent’s bunker unit, a finding which could only be satisfactorily
established at trial. The same could also be said of the contested issue as to
whether it was _reasonable_ for Compass Marine to assume that the alleged
representation (even if it was continuing) was still valid at 2008.[note: 31]
Therefore, it was in our view premature for the Judge to have struck out the
appellant’s claim on the basis that this legal element was unable to be
satisfied.

(3) Could the appellant be said to have been induced by the alleged
representation?

64 For the final legal element, it was the AR who had held that inducement was
not made out because the alleged representation was made to Compass Marine and
not to the appellant, and no evidence was adduced by the appellant to show
that it (and not Compass Marine) had acted in reliance on the alleged
representation. While the Judge did not offer an opinion on this issue, both
the appellant and the respondent made substantial written submissions on it
before us, disagreeing on whether or not the appellant had _personally_
received the alleged representation and relied on it.[note: 32] However, our
_preliminary_ opinion is that the true legal position might appear to be
somewhat different from how both parties and the AR understood it.

65 In Feltham, Hochberg & Leech, _Spencer Bower: The Law relating to estoppel
by representation_ (LexisNexis UK, 4th Ed, 2004) at pp 135, the learned
authors wrote:

... A representee may, of course, receive a representation by an agent … but
the principal must still (if he is to raise an estoppel) show that he was, by
himself or his agent, actually or presumptively intended to act on it. ...

66 The learned authors of _Actionable Misrepresentation_ also stated the
following proposition (at para 165):

The representation may also be made to A, knowing that he is the agent of B,
with the intention of inducing A to act on it, on behalf of B, and A may do so
without communicating it to B. In such a case B is also a representee and can
sue on it because it induced his agent A to act to his, B’s, detriment.

67 Therefore, for the legal element of “inducement” to be shown, it appeared
to us to be unnecessary for the appellant to actually possess _personal
knowledge_ of the alleged representation, _as long as_ the representation was
communicated to Compass Marine (agent of the appellant) _with the intention_
of inducing Compass Marine to act on behalf of the appellant. This
understanding came across to us as a commercially sensible one, for it
encapsulated the very essence of an agency relationship between the appellant
and Compass Marine – that the latter had the authority to _receive information
and act_ on behalf of the former. If this was the true legal position, there
were, once again, factual uncertainties as to the alleged representation – in
particular, its scope and its underlying intention – which would first need to
be resolved at trial before the _trial court_ could determine whether this
legal element could be made out or not.

68 At the risk of repetition, our understanding of what we deem to be the true
legal position on the requirement of “inducement” constitutes only a
_provisional_ view since the issue was not argued before us; and the trial
judge should be free to come to a different conclusion if he or she thinks
otherwise. For the purposes of this appeal, however, it was certainly _not_
clear beyond question that the appellant could not satisfy the legal element
of “inducement” simply because the representation was made to Compass Marine.

(4) Examples of actions that were or could have been struck out because they
were legally unsustainable.

69 At this juncture, it might be appropriate for us to highlight previous
instances where it could legitimately be said that a plaintiff’s action was
_legally unsustainable._ In order to arrest a vessel beneficially owned by a
party who on the face of the contract was not the contracting party, claimants
have often been tempted to mount a claim in agency. It is thus not surprising
that there exists a body of case law dealing with the setting aside/striking
out of a plaintiff’s agency claim in the bunker trading context.

70 Indeed, there have been a number of instances where a bunker supplier,
albeit having contracted with a time-charterer for the sale of bunkers, has
sought to argue that the ship-owner or the demise charterer was the
_principal_ of the time-charterer, and should therefore be liable for the
bunkers supplied. We observe, however, that it is almost always the case that
the plaintiff’s action _in such a context_ ends up being set aside or struck
out by the courts (see _Lok_ _Maheshwari_ ; _The Yuta_ _Bondarovskaya_ [1998]
2 Lloyd’s Rep 357 (“ _The Yuta_ _Bondarovskaya_ ”); _The J Faster_ [2000] 1
HKC 652 (“ _The J Faster_ ”)). The unifying theme in these three cases which
originate from different jurisdictions appears to be this: a claim that a
ship-owner or demise charterer is – by its mere act of receiving the bunkers
supplied – _representing_ that the time-charterer is its agent is a _legally
unsustainable_ proposition. This is because such a claim runs counter to the
universally accepted “underlying basis of a time charter” (_The Yuta_
_Bondarovskaya_ at 362, see also _The J Faster_ at 656) that in time charters,
“it is the charterer who is responsible for the provision and payment for
fuel” (Stephen Girvin, _Carriage of Goods by Sea_ (Oxford University Press,
2nd Ed, 2011) at para 33.31). However, even this well-recognised principle is
subject to the principled exception that a plaintiff who had dealt directly
with the master of the vessel _with no knowledge whatsoever_ that the vessel
was chartered _could have an arguable case_ binding the ship-owner to the
contract (_The Tolla_ 1921 PD 22; _Lok_ _Maheshwari_ at [16]; _The MV_ [1996]
4 MLJ 109). Clearly, the present case before us is distinguishable from these
other cases because MAL was _not a time-charterer_ ; but an independent third-
party; thus the allegation that it had contracted on behalf of the respondent
_could be_ a legally sustainable proposition.

71 We also pause to draw attention to the Singapore High Court decision in
_The “AA V”_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 664 (“ _The AA V_ ”), which – while containing
facts quite similar to our present case – serves as a good contrast why the
appellant’s action _in our case_ was not legally unsustainable. In _The AA V_
, the plaintiff bunker supplier claimed against the defendant tug-owner for
the balance sum owed for the supply of marine gas oil to the defendant's tug.
The defendant argued, _inter alia_ , that it was not liable to the plaintiff
_in personam_ as the latter had contracted for the sale of the gas oil with a
third-party company ("New Acmes") rather than with the defendant, and that New
Acmes was not the agent of the defendant. Crucially, in attempting to argue
that New Acmes was the defendant’s agent, the plaintiff claimed that it had
received a call _from an employee (“Mr Lui”) of New Acmes_ _claiming that New
Acmes was the agent for the defendant_ for the purchase of marine gas oil.

72 In setting aside the plaintiff’s claim, Prakash J relied on reasons that
suggest the plaintiff’s action (in alleging that New Acmes was the defendant’s
agent) was _factually unsustainable_. Firstly, the plaintiff had conducted a
Portnet search which clearly revealed that another entity was the defendant’s
agent. Secondly, the plaintiff’s claim did not square with the fact that most
of the fuel bought by New Acmes did not even go into the defendant’s tug.
Thirdly, the plaintiff had always looked to New Acmes for payment and their
efforts had partially been rewarded by part-payment made by New Acmes, not the
defendant.

73 More importantly, it appears to us that Prakash J could also have relied on
the ground that the plaintiff’s action was _legally unsustainable_ , since the
plaintiff’s claim in agency was premised upon a representation allegedly made
by an employee of the _agent_ itself (_ie_ , Mr Lui of New Acmes). Leaving
aside the fact that the plaintiff’s account was strenuously denied by Mr Lui,
it is worth noting that _even if_ all the facts alleged by the plaintiff were
proved, the plaintiff’s case would still have collapsed upon the established
principle in agency law that “an agent cannot make a representation as to his
own authority” (_Skandinaviska (CA)_ at [38]; _Armagas Ltd v Mundogas S.A.
(The Ocean Frost)_ [1986] AC 717; see also _Tan Cheng Han_ at p 87). The
plaintiff’s claim in _The AA V_ could therefore have been struck out on the
ground that its action was _legally unsustainable_.

74 In contrast, the appellant’s claim in agency by estoppel in our present
case – even if it appeared weak on the merits – was at least legally sound and
did not contradict any established common law principles unlike the plaintiffs
in _Lok_ _Maheshwari_ , _The Yuta_ _Bondarovskaya_ , _The J Faster_ and _The
AA V_. The present case before us was therefore distinguishable from the cited
cases above where the plaintiffs’ claims in agency were or could have been
struck out for being legally unsustainable.

(5) Conclusion on the “legally unsustainable” ground

75 To sum up, there was insufficient evidence before us to determine if the
three legal elements mentioned by the AR and Judge below could be satisfied or
not. While Mr Middleton’s affidavit _in and of itself_ might not satisfy all
the above elements fully _at this stage_ , it did not follow that the
appellant’s action should be struck out for being legally unsustainable. The
court at an interlocutory stage should not speculate on the evidence that
might or might not surface during trial where the parties would have had the
benefit of the discovery, interrogatory and cross-examination processes. An
action should thus be held to be legally unsustainable at an interlocutory
stage only if it is clear beyond question that certain legal elements of a
plaintiff’s claim based on its pleadings _cannot_ be satisfied, or if there is
an obvious legal defence or principle in existence which will have defeated
the plaintiff’s claim even if all the facts alleged by the plaintiff are
proved.

76 In the present case, the appellant was unable to fully satisfy the legal
elements at this stage not because of any inherent legal deficiency in its
claim, but because of factual uncertainties which _might_ _be_ resolved at
trial in the appellant’s favour. Moreover, there also appeared to be knotty
points of law requiring serious argument that should not be decided by a court
exercising summary jurisdiction. Therefore, we were of the view that the AR
and the Judge below had erred in striking out the appellant’s claim in express
representation on the ground pertaining to it being _legally unsustainable_.

Conclusion on the appellant’s claim in agency by estoppel

77 For the reasons stated, we were persuaded that the appellant’s action in
claiming that there was an express representation leading to agency by
estoppel was not so factually or legally unsustainable that it ought to have
been struck out. We therefore allowed the appeal for the appellant’s action to
proceed to a full trial.

78 In the result, there was no need for us to address the appellant’s
_alternative_ claim in unjust enrichment, save as to mention that had the
appellant’s claim in express representation leading to agency by estoppel been
struck out, its claim in unjust enrichment would probably have met the same
fate as well for the reasons given by the Judge below (see the GD at
[65]–[68]).

Issue estoppel

79 The respondent also attempted to rely on the ground of issue estoppel to
strike out the appellant’s action, even though this ground had been rejected
by both the AR and the Judge below. The respondent submitted that a final and
conclusive decision was reached in the US proceedings that the appellant had
no _prima facie_ case against the respondent,[note: 33] and that the US
proceedings thus constituted an issue estoppel against the appellant’s present
action.

80 It was not disputed that in order to establish issue estoppel, a party must
show that (see _The “Vasiliy_ _Golovnin”_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 277 (“ _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (HC)_ ”) at [38]; _D.S.V. Silo-Und Verwaltungsgesellschaft_ _mbH v
Owners of The Sennar and 13 Other Ships_ [1985] 1 WLR 490 (“ _The Sennar (No
2)_ ”) at 499 (_per_ Lord Brandon of Oakbrook)):

(a) the judgment in the earlier proceedings being relied on as creating an
estoppel must have been given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction;

(b) the judgment must have been final and conclusive on the merits;

(c) there must have been identity of parties in the two sets of proceedings;
and

(d) there must have been identity of subject matter, _ie_ , the issue decided
by the foreign court must have been the same as that arising in the
proceedings at hand.

81 In this appeal, the only dispute between the parties was on requirement (b)
– _ie_ , whether the US proceedings resulted in a judgment that was “final and
conclusive on the merits”. A judgment is _final and conclusive on the merits_
if it is one which cannot be varied, re-opened or set aside by the court that
delivered it (_The Sennar (No 2)_ at 494); and also if it is a decision which
(_The Sennar (No 2)_ at 499):

... establishes certain facts as proved or not in dispute; states what are the
relevant principles of law applicable to such facts; and expresses a
conclusion with regard to the effect of applying those principles to the
factual situation concerned. ...

82 In our view, the Judge below rightly held that there was ample evidence –
from the decision of the California District Courtand the respondent’s very
own submissions before the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals – that (the GD at
[72]:

... the US proceedings were only concerned with whether or not the Rule B
attachment order was to be vacated, and it was open to the courts in the
United States to reach a different view on the same issues at the subsequent
stage of considering the actual motion to dismiss the Verified Complaint...

This fact alone would have sufficed to show that the US judgment was not final
and conclusive on the merits.

83 However, in its appeal before us, the respondent attempted to rely on the
decision in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ as supporting its stance.[note: 34]
In that case, Tan Lee Meng J (“Tan J”) had affirmed the Assistant Registrar’s
(“AR Ang”) decision (see _The “Vasiliy_ _Golovnin”_ [2006] SGHC 247 (“ _The
Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (AR)_ ”) that the Lome Release Order at issue was “final
and conclusive”; with the result being that issue estoppel was established to
bar the plaintiffs from re-litigating on whether it had a right to arrest the
defendant’s ship before the Singapore courts. AR Ang’s decision to set aside
the warrant of arrest on the ground of issue estoppel was therefore upheld by
Tan J, whose holding was also subsequently approved by this court in _The
“Vasiliy_ _Golovnin”_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 994 (“ _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ ”).

84 It was clear that the respondent was attempting to draw an analogy between
the Lome Release Order in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ and the vacation of
the Rule B attachment order in the present case; such that if the former led
to issue estoppel, so should the latter too. However, we were of the view that
this analogy would break down upon a closer analysis of _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (HC)_ and the differences between a Lome Release Order and the
vacation of the US Rule B attachment order.

85 In _The_ _Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ , the plaintiffs had argued that the
Lome Release Order at issue was not “final and conclusive” to give rise to an
issue estoppel. To this argument, Tan J held to the contrary for the following
reason (at [43]):

The parties disagreed on the effect of the French words "_l'execution_
_provisoire_ " in the Lome Release Order, which were translated as
“provisional enforcement”. As AR Ang noted, these words might, at first blush,
suggest a lack of finality in the Lome Release Order. These words were
considered in _The Irini A (No 2)_ [1999] 1 Lloyd's Rep 189 at 193 by Tuckey
J, who said that they have a legal meaning, the effect of which regard must be
had to the evidence from Togolese lawyers submitted by the parties. After
considering the evidence, his Lordship said as follows at 193:

[O]n the facts I think that the decision of the Lome Court was final in the
sense required to found issue estoppel. It is incapable of revision by the
Court which pronounced it. It is enforceable and has been enforced. That
process is only provisional in the sense that if the Court of Appeal reverses
the judgement the execution no longer stands ... That is no different from the
position here where the fact that a judgement is under appeal does not mean
that it is not final.

86 In our view, the decision of Tuckey J in _The “Irini A” (No 2)_ [1999] 1
Lloyd’s Rep 189 (“ _The Irini A (No 2)_ ”) neatly explains why a Lome Release
Order was “not in any sense interim or provisional” (_The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin_
_(AR)_ at [23]). In determining whether a foreign judgment was final and
conclusive, Tuckey J held that “[the English courts] must look not only at
English law but also at what the foreign law itself says about the nature of
the judgment” (_The Irini A (No 2)_ at 193), an approach earlier established
by the seminal House of Lords decision in _Carl Zeiss (No 2) Stiftung v Rayner
& Keeler Ltd (No 2)_ [1967] 1 AC 853 at 919 (_per_ Lord Reid). We would
highlight that this principled approach applies in the Singapore courts as
well when determining whether a foreign judgment was final and conclusive (see
_Alliance Entertainment Singapore Pte Ltd v Sim Kay Teck and another_ [2006] 3
SLR(R) 712; _Goh Nellie v Goh_ _Lian_ _Teck and others_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 453 at
[28]). Each determination must therefore turn on its own facts – and the court
must be extra-sensitive, in particular, to “the intention of the [foreign]
judge in the earlier proceedings” (_Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (Jeffrey
Pinsler, SC gen ed) (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 18/19/14).

87 It was thus precisely so that the Lome Release Order in both _The Irini A
(No 2)_ and _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ were _intended_ by the Lome Court
granting the order to have been final and conclusive, notwithstanding that the
French words “ _l'execution_ _proviso ire”_ were used. Crucially, the same
could not be said of how the California District Court characterised the
vacation of the Rule B attachment order in the present case. As highlighted by
the Judge below (see the GD at [72]), District Judge Valerie Baker Fairbank of
the California District Court had, in deciding to vacate the Rule B attachment
order, so held:[note: 35]

After considering your arguments and the evidence filed today, the court’s
tentative [_sic_] will be the order of court. _At this time_ , the court finds
based upon the evidence before the court… that the plaintiff failed to meet
its burden of showing a prima facie admiralty claim against the defendant.

…

Similarly, the court finds that the plaintiff did not meet its burden with
respect to the quantum meruit cause of action. _I recognize that_ [the]
_plaintiff is not required to prove its case at this time, and my rulings only
pertain to this hearing_.

[emphasis added]

88 In its subsequent appellate brief before the Ninth Circuit Court of
Appeals, the respondent had also accepted that the “hearing [to vacate the
Rule B attachment order] was not for a final determination of the merits of
[the appellant’s] underlying claim”.[note: 36] In short, it was clear to us
that the vacation of the Rule B attachment order in the present case was
merely an _interim order_ _prior to the actual motion to dismiss the Verified
Complaint_. Tan J’s decision in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ that a Lome
Release Order had given rise to an issue estoppel could therefore be clearly
distinguished from the present case.

89 In the result, the US proceedings did not result in a judgment which was
final and conclusive on the merits, and as such were not capable of giving
rise to an issue estoppel. We therefore upheld the Judge’s refusal to strike
out the appellant’s action on the basis of issue estoppel.

Invoking the admiralty jurisdiction of the court

90 The respondent’s final string to its legal bow was to argue that the
appellant’s writ should have been set aside on the basis that the admiralty
jurisdiction of the court under the HCAJA had been improperly or invalidly
invoked against the _Bunga_ _Melati 5_. The AR agreed, holding that there was
an _independent_ requirement that the appellant show a “good arguable case” on
the merits in order to invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction based on his
understanding of _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ ; and that the appellant had
failed to do so for the very same reasons why its action should be struck out
under O 18 r 19 of the ROC. The Judge disagreed with the AR’s understanding of
_The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ , and held that there was to be no enquiry into
the merits of a plaintiff’s claim at the jurisdictional stage of invoking
admiralty jurisdiction. Before this court, the respondent submitted that the
merits requirement is “built into section 4(4) [of the HCAJA] and does not
exist independently of it”;[note: 37] citing this Court’s decision in _The
Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ as authority for its submission.

91 Having decided that the appellant’s action should not have been struck out,
we have in effect determined that the appellant had met the good arguable case
threshold. This effectively disposed of the respondent’s argument, _even if_
(though we do not agree) it was right in arguing that a merits requirement was
implicit in s 4(4) of the HCAJA. However, we think it will be helpful to take
this opportunity to comment on the Judge’s elaborate and helpful discussion of
the various steps and standards of proof involved in invoking admiralty
jurisdiction under the HCAJA.

The decision of this court in The Vasiliy Golovnin (CA)

92 Section 4(4) of the HCAJA provides:

**Mode of exercise of admiralty jurisdiction**

**4**.—(1) …

…

(4) In the case of any such claim as is mentioned in section 3(1)(_d_) to
(_q_), where —

(_a_) the claim arises in connection with a ship; and

(_b_) the person who would be liable on the claim in an action in personam
(referred to in this subsection as the relevant person) was, when the cause of
action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of,
the ship,

an action in rem may (whether or not the claim gives rise to a maritime lien
on that ship) be brought in the High Court against —

(i) that ship, if at the time when the action is brought the relevant person
is either the beneficial owner of that ship as respects all the shares in it
or the charterer of that ship under a charter by demise; or

(ii) any other ship of which, at the time when the action is brought, the
relevant person is the beneficial owner as respects all the shares in it.

93 In _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (AR)_ , the plaintiffs had their arrest of the
defendant’s vessel set aside and their writ struck out by AR Ang on the basis
that their claims were wholly unmeritorious and did not have an arguable case
under ss 3(1)(_g_) and 3(1)(_h_) of the HCAJA (at [27]–[28]). When the case
proceeded to the High Court upon the plaintiffs’ appeal, Tan J focused
specifically on whether the plaintiffs’ claims should have been struck out and
in the process affirmed AR Ang’s decision to strike out the plaintiffs’
unmeritorious claims (see _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ at [70]).
Dissatisfied, the plaintiffs appealed against Tan J’s decision by advancing
the following argument before us (see _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ at [46]):

... since the applications to set aside the arrest and to strike out the writ
and the action were all premised on the ground that there had been a failure
to comply with s 3(1) of the HCAJA, a fundamental jurisdictional requirement,
this was the sole threshold issue that [Tan J] should have considered and made
a definitive finding on. Instead, [Tan J] appeared to have omitted this step
and proceeded to address the court's ability to strike out a claim under O 18
r 19 of the Rules of Court or under the inherent jurisdiction of the court.
[Counsel for the plaintiffs] vigorously submitted that [Tan J] seriously erred
in this respect and should have first paused to address the issue of whether
the jurisdictional requirements were met, by deciding whether the claim fell
within one of the provisions of s 3(1) of HCAJA.

94 In our opinion, a proper understanding of the context of the plaintiffs’
argument in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ will assist in understanding why
this court in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ did not intend to introduce a new
merits requirement for the invoking of admiralty jurisdiction. Crucially, as
the quoted paragraph above shows, the plaintiffs’ counsel in _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (CA)_ had advanced a very technical argument which, if successful,
would have thrown into doubt the right of the court below (_ie_ , _The
Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_) to consider the sustainability of the plaintiffs’
cause of action under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or its inherent jurisdiction. If we
had accepted her argument (that the court below should only have addressed the
issue of whether the requirements of s 3(1) of the HCAJA) had been satisfied,
it would have been tantamount to this Court holding that a court cannot strike
out the plaintiff’s cause of action, unless the defendant specifically pleads
that the plaintiff’s action is wholly unsustainable _on the merits_ of its
claim while challenging admiralty jurisdiction.

95 It was in response to this undesirable approach (had the plaintiffs’
submission been accepted) that this Court stated the following paragraphs (in
_The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ at [50]–[52]) which may have given rise to the
AR’s confusion:

50 Satisfying the requirements of s 3(1) of the HCAJA cannot be said to be the
end all and be all when assessing the sustainability of an admiralty action.
Invoking the admiralty jurisdiction may be in one sense a procedural step but
it also plainly attracts substantive considerations. There are two
requirements that claimants in every admiralty action must satisfy: first, the
_in rem_ jurisdiction must be established, through, _inter alia_ , ss 3 and 4
of the HCAJA. Second, the claim must, if challenged, also meet the requirement
of being a good arguable case on the merits.

51 The arrest of a vessel is never a trifling matter. Arrest is a very
powerful invasive remedy. An arrest of a ship can lead to tremendous
inconvenience, financial distress and severe commercial embarrassment (see
also [120] below). Even the briefest of delays can sometimes cause significant
losses. It can also in certain instances prejudice the livelihood of the
ship's crew and the commercial fortunes of the shipowner. Maritime arrests
can, when improperly executed, sometimes be as destructive as Anton Piller
orders and even as potentially ruinous as Mareva injunctions, the two nuclear
weapons of civil litigation. As such, a plaintiff must always remain cautious
and rigorously ascertain the material facts before applying for a warrant of
arrest. While there is no need to establish a conclusive case at the outset,
there is certainly a need to establish _a good arguable case_ , before an
arrest warrant can be issued. This determination plainly requires a
preliminary assessment of the merits of the claim.

52 The standard to be applied in Singapore at this early stage of the matter,
if there is a challenge on the merits, is indeed the “good arguable case”
yardstick (see also Karthigesu J's observations in [_The Jarguh_ _Sawit_
[1997] 3 SLR(R) 829 (“ _The Jarguh_ _Sawit_ _(CA)_ ”)] … . The plaintiff does
not have to establish at this stage that he has a cause of action that might
probably prevail in the final analysis. Karthigesu J had rightly pointed out
in _The Jarguh_ _Sawit (CA)_ that the plaintiff need only show that he has a
“good arguable case” that his cause of action falls within one of the
categories provided for in s 3(1) of the HCAJA. The party invoking the arrest
procedure must be prepared, when challenged, to justify that it was entitled
right from the outset to invoke this remedy.

96 In essence, all that this court was opining in [50]–[52] in _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (CA)_ was that when a plaintiff’s invoking of admiralty jurisdiction
or its arrest of the defendant’s vessel _was subsequently challenged_ , the
plaintiff would need to show (on top of the requirements of ss 3 and 4 of the
HCAJA being satisfied) a good arguable case on the merits of its claim as
well, in order to avoid having its claim struck out as being plainly or
obviously unsustainable pursuant to the normal rules in civil procedure.
Should the plaintiff’s cause of action be so unsustainable on the merits, as
was the case in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (HC)_ , a court would on an
application being made have to strike out the plaintiff’s action at an early
stage _under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court_.
It was on this basis that we had, in _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ , disagreed
with the plaintiffs’ argument that Tan J had somehow erred in _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (HC)_ by focusing on whether the plaintiffs’ claim should be struck
out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the court’s inherent jurisdiction.

97 We therefore entirely agree with the Judge’s view that (see the GD at
[140(d)]):

_[a]t the jurisdictional stage_ under O 12 r 7 of the ROC, the strength of the
plaintiff’s claim on the merits, _ie_ , the accuracy or validity of any non-
jurisdictional matters of fact or law (such as the defendant’s possible
defences to the claim), _was not relevant to jurisdiction_ , but was _a matter
for … an application for striking out under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the
court’s inherent jurisdiction_ ... . [emphasis added]

98 Indeed, there is much to commend the clear distinction drawn by the Judge
between challenging admiralty jurisdiction under O 12 r 7 of the ROC _vis-à-
vis_ striking out a plaintiff’s claim under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the
inherent jurisdiction of the court. Drawing this distinction solidifies the
established position that a plaintiff need not _prove_ who “the person who
would be liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ ” is (_ie_ , the “ _in
personam_ liability requirement” under s 4(4)(b) of the HCAJA) for the
purposes of establishing admiralty jurisdiction _until_ the defendant
subsequently challenges the plaintiff’s action. Such a position is desirable
for a number of reasons.

99 Firstly, this distinction drawn provides a coherent explanation of numerous
precedents that could otherwise be read as contradicting one another. Adopting
the authoritative case of _The St Elefterio_ as the starting position, the
_in_ _personam_ liability requirement has long been understood to mean “the
person who would be liable o _n the assumption that the action succeeds_ ”
[emphasis added] (_The St Elefterio_ at 186; the GD at [112]) – a requirement
which the plaintiff can simply “assert …, but not prove” at the jurisdictional
stage (Francesco Berlingieri, _Berlingieri on Arrest of Ships_ (Informa, 4th
Ed, 2006) at para 52.294; see the GD at [115]). However, this proposition
immediately runs counter to subsequent cases which would appear to state that
that the plaintiff _must_ show that the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement
is satisfied on a good arguable case (_The “Opal 3” ex “Kuchino”_ [1992] 2
SLR(R) 231; _The “Thorlina”_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 258, _The AA V_ ; _The
“Rainbow Spring”_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 362 (“ _The Rainbow Spring_ ”)). Applying
the Judge’s perceptive analysis, these latter cases could still be reconciled
with _The St Elefterio_ so long as it is retrospectively recognised (which we
now do) that in those cases, the courts “should have struck out the actions
pursuant to their inherent jurisdiction” instead (see the GD at [138]). For
under O 18 r 19 of the ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court, imposing
a burden on the plaintiff to show a “good arguable case” _on the merits of its
claim_ (_ie_ , that its claim is not legally or factually unsustainable) is
certainly appropriate and uncontroversial.

100 Secondly, this distinction can be logically defended and provides
analytical clarity to this area of law. As the Judge correctly recognised,
“[j]urisdictional disputes were necessarily separate from, and logically prior
to, the substantive, non-jurisdictional dispute between the parties over the
issue of the defendant’s liability (_ie_ , the merits of the plaintiff’s
claim)” (the GD at [31]). In her view, even applying the lower standard of an
“arguable case” to the _in personam_ liability requirement “might erroneously
lead to a determination of the issue of liability at the jurisdictional stage
when jurisdiction was a logically anterior question” (the GD at [116]).
Indeed, we are similarly of the view that as far as possible, a clear
distinction should be drawn between _jurisdiction_ and _liability_ , and that
this distinction was appropriately drawn for the _in personam_ liability
requirement by the position as established in _The St Elefterio_.

101 Thirdly, this approach is supported by a historical analysis of the matter
(see the GD at [114] where the lineage of the position established in _The St
Elefterio_ was traced to the original policy reasons behind the introduction
of the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement into English admiralty law). We
agree with the Judge that the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement was a
reflection of the ascendancy of the “procedural theory”, and was thus designed
to _expand_ the availability of the _in rem_ jurisdiction rather than to
restrict it. This explains why the words “would be” rather than “is” were used
with reference to the relevant person’s liability (see [92] above). On this
account, using the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement to _restrict
admiralty jurisdiction_ would run against its very _raison d’etre_ indeed.

102 Fourthly, this approach helps to iron out some creases developing in this
area of law. It is not infrequently heard these days that there are different
categories of defences – with some being “purely on the merits” as opposed to
those which actually “go towards jurisdiction”; and that the latter could
suffice for a defendant to succeed under O 12 r 7 of the ROC when disputing
the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement (see the GD at [122], [130]–[131]).
This state of affairs is, in our view, an unsurprising development considering
the apparent contradiction of many admiralty cases (see above at [99]), where
one could easily be led to rationalise that there are _some_ substantive
defences which can go towards showing that the _in_ _personam_ liability
requirement has not been met at the jurisdictional stage. While some courts
have steadfastly rejected the view that there is such a distinction between
different categories of defences (see _The Yuta_ _Bondarovskaya_ ; _The Owners
of the Motor Vessel “Iran Amanat” v KMP Coastal Oil Pte Limited_ (1999) 196
CLR 130; the GD at [130]–[131]), we observe that not all courts have spoken
with the same conviction or clarity on this matter (see _The AA V_ ; _The
Rainbow Spring_ ; the GD at [118]–[119]). In light of this conundrum, the
approach of considering _all substantive defences_ under O 18 r 19 of the ROC
or the inherent jurisdiction of the court has certainly much to commend.

103 Finally, we would also highlight that this approach towards the _in
personam_ liability requirement _would not_ result in any practical difference
or injustice to defendants in an admiralty claim. Even though the court will
not consider the merits of a plaintiff’s claim in deciding whether it has
properly invoked admiralty jurisdiction, no practical difference or injustice
would result (even if the defendant neglects to apply under O 18 r 19 of the
ROC when challenging the plaintiff’s claim) as the court can simply rely on
its inherent jurisdiction to strike out a claim that is legally or factually
unsustainable (see the GD at [133]). At the end of the day, the plaintiff’s
admiralty claim “must, if challenged, [still] meet the requirement of being a
good arguable case on the merits” (_The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ at [50]).

104 To sum up the discussion above, we agree with the Judge that this court in
_The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ did _not_ introduce a new merits requirement
before admiralty jurisdiction could be invoked under the HCAJA. An admiralty
plaintiff would, however, still need to show a good arguable case on the
merits of its claim _if challenged_ ; not for the purposes of satisfying the
HCAJA, but to prevent its action from being struck out under O 18 r 19 of the
ROC or the inherent jurisdiction of the court.

The steps and standards of proof involved in invoking admiralty jurisdiction

105 In the GD, the Judge also analysed s 4(4) of the HCAJA as constituting
various “steps” and elaborated on the respective _standards of proof_ within
each of them. The Judge’s comprehensive analysis offers a useful guide to all
admiralty litigants. For ease of reference, we summarise the key points
established by the Judge before expressing a different view on an issue.

106 To invoke admiralty jurisdiction, a plaintiff must, under s 4(4) of the
HCAJA, satisfy the following “steps” (see the GD at [81]). A plaintiff has to:

(a) show that he has a claim under s 3(1)(_d_) to (_q_) (“step 1”);

(b) show that the claim arises in connection with a ship (“step 2”);

(c) identify the person who would be liable on the claim in an action _in
personam_ (_ie_ , the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement) (“step 3”);

(d) show that the relevant person was, when the cause of action arose, the
owner or charterer of, or in possession or in control of, the ship (“step 4”);
and

(e) show that the relevant person was, at the time when the action was
brought: (i) the beneficial owner of the offending ship as respects all the
shares in it or the charterer of that ship under a demise charter; or (ii) the
beneficial owner of the sister ship as respects all the shares in it (“step
5”).

107 The various components of the five steps above can be broken down to
either:

(a) a “jurisdictional fact” (to be _proved on a balance of probabilities_ by
the plaintiff);

(b) a “jurisdictional question of law” (to be _shown on a good arguable case_
by the plaintiff); or

(c) a “non-jurisdictional matter of fact or law” (the _truth of which to be
assumed in the plaintiff’s favour_ at the jurisdictional stage).

108 The Judge was of the view that only step 1 involves _both_ jurisdictional
facts and jurisdictional questions of law (see the GD at [83]–[98]), whereas
steps 2, 4 and 5 are concerned only with jurisdictional facts (see the GD at
[99]–[107]). Step 3 (_ie_ , the _in_ _personam_ liability requirement) on the
other hand concerns a _non-jurisdictional_ matter of fact or law, and as
mentioned earlier (see above at [99]), could simply be assumed in the
plaintiff’s favour _for jurisdictional purposes_ (see the GD at [108]–[139]).
This was the basis upon which the Judge held that the fact that the appellant
could not prove on a good arguable case that the respondent was the “relevant
person” was not fatal to the appellant’s invoking of the admiralty
jurisdiction under the HCAJA.

109 Having reviewed the Judge’s thorough and well-reasoned analysis, our only
comment pertains to her views of jurisdictional questions of law under step 1.
The Judge reasoned that a jurisdictional question of law under step 1 has to
be shown on a _good arguable case_ by the plaintiff, citing the following
passage in _The Jarguh_ _Sawit (CA)_ at [43] as authority:

In a hearing of an application to dispute jurisdiction, the plaintiff need
only show that he has a good arguable case that his cause of action falls
within one of the categories of s 3(1), in this case, ground (c).

110 Interestingly, the Judge then quite correctly commented that (the GD at
[93]):

it was not entirely clear from the Court of Appeal’s judgment [in _The Jarguh_
_Sawi (CA)_] what authority established the proposition that the standard of
proof under s 3(1) was that of a “good arguable case”… .

Indeed, we agree with her that the passage cited in _The Jarguh_ _Sawit (CA)_
is, with respect, not entirely helpful – given that no distinction was drawn
between a jurisdictional fact and a jurisdictional question of law. More
importantly, we find ourselves in agreement with the learned views of Dr
Damien J Cremean, _Admiralty Jurisdiction: Law and Practice in Australia, New
Zealand, Singapore and Hong Kong_ (The Federation Press, 3rd Ed, 2008) at p
126 (noted by the Judge below as well at [95] of the GD):

It clearly is the case that no consideration of the balance of probabilities
can be involved if the challenge to jurisdiction does not depend on findings
of fact. In such circumstances, the challenge is likely to involve legal
questions only. It will be the “legal character” of the claim which must be
considered. It seems out of place in many ways then to resolve legal questions
by reference to probabilities … This would require a plaintiff in McGechan J’s
words [in _Baltic Shipping_ at 655] “to take the pleadings in one hand, and
the statute in the other, and show by comparison that the pleading as worded
fits within the statute”. An onus of proof _as such_ does not seem in point on
this approach.

111 As a matter of principle, there is no reason why the test (for
jurisdictional questions of law) should not simply be that of an “arguable
case”. The line delineating a “good arguable case” and an “arguable case”, if
it exists, may be too fine for a court to draw in many situations. The point
however, is that the plaintiff only needs to show that its claim is of the
_same legal character_ as the s 3(1) limb it is relying on. If the plaintiff
cannot show an arguable case on the law, it has failed to prove that it is
entitled to invoke the court’s admiralty jurisdiction. Indeed, in most cases
of legal challenges to jurisdiction, the court would be able to decide whether
an arguable case _on the law_ has been made out or not (see _The “Golden
Petroleum”_ [1993] 3 SLR(R) 209). The more appropriate description of the test
to apply, where a jurisdictional question of law is being challenged, should
therefore be that of an “arguable case”.

112 In summary, we re-state the various steps and respective standards of
proof for a plaintiff to invoke admiralty jurisdiction in Singapore. Under s
4(4) of the HCAJA, a plaintiff has to, when challenged:

(a) prove _, on the balance of probabilities_ , that the jurisdictional facts
under the limb it is relying on in s 3(1)(_d_) to (_q_) exist; and show _an
arguable case_ that its claim is of the type or nature required by the
relevant statutory provision (“step 1”);

(b) prove, _on the balance of probabilities_ , that the claim arises in
connection with a ship (“step 2”);

(c) identify, _without having to show in argument_ , the person who would be
liable on the claim in an action _in personam_ (“step 3”);

(d) prove _on the balance of probabilities_ , that the relevant person was,
when the cause of action arose, the owner or charterer of, or in possession or
in control of, the ship (“step 4”); and

(e) prove on _the balance of probabilities_ , that the relevant person was, at
the time when the action was brought: (i) the beneficial owner of the
offending ship as respects all the shares in it or the charterer of that ship
under a demise charter; or (ii) the beneficial owner of the sister ship as
respects all the shares in it (“step 5”).

The importance of full and frank disclosure when applying for a warrant of
arrest

113 While it is now clear that a plaintiff need not show a good arguable case
on the _merits of its claim_ (_ie_ , under step 3) to establish admiralty
jurisdiction, we would pause to remind prospective plaintiffs that their
obligation to make _full and frank disclosure_ when they apply _ex parte_ for
a warrant of arrest remains (see _The Rainbow Spring_ at [33]; _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (CA)_ at [83]). Even at that early stage, a plaintiff who fails to
disclose all material facts supporting its claim will run the risk of not
being granted a warrant of arrest; or if granted initially, could subsequently
have its arrest set aside (see _The Rainbow Spring_ [35]–[37]) and be liable
for wrongful arrest (see _The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ at [139]–[141]).

114 While the Assistant Registrar hearing an _ex parte_ application for a
warrant of arrest should not be overly concerned with the merits or
sustainability of the plaintiff’s action, he or she could still exercise
discretion _not_ to grant the warrant of arrest if _obviously insufficient or
contradictory documentary evidence_ have been adduced to show that the
defendant is indeed the “relevant person” under s 4(4) of the HCAJA. To use an
extreme example, had the appellant in this case chose to apply for a warrant
of arrest (although it did not actually do so) and yet did not disclose either
Mr Middleton’s affidavit or the bunker confirmations identifying the
respondent as the “buyers” (see above at [7]), an Assistant Registrar would
have been justified in not granting the appellant a warrant of arrest. This is
because without these documents, the appellant would have _absolutely no
basis_ whatsoever to argue that the respondent was the party liable for the
bunkers supplied _via_ the doctrine of agency by estoppel.

115 Therefore, although a court should address the sustainability of a
plaintiff’s action only upon a defendant’s application to challenge the
plaintiff’s writ or warrant of arrest, this does not mean that the plaintiff
should have a _carte blanche_ right to arrest vessels _without having to show
a shred of evidence_ justifying the connection between the “relevant person”
and the alleged defendant prior to being so challenged.

116 The position which we have reached here strikes an optimal balance between
allowing the liberal invoking of admiralty jurisdiction (as the authorities
helpfully cited by the Judge suggest) and preventing “the abuse of the [ship]
arrest process” (_The Vasiliy_ _Golovnin (CA)_ at [105]). The latter is as
important a policy concern as the former. _Prior to_ the defendant
successfully applying to strike out the plaintiff’s claim, the defendant could
in the interim be inflicted by substantial financial losses due to the
plaintiff’s completely unjustifiable arrest of its vessel. While these losses
might subsequently be the subject of a wrongful arrest claim by the defendant,
it is important to keep in mind that not all wrongful arrests, based on the
current state of the law, warrants liability and damages (see _The Vasiliy_
_Golovnin (CA)_ at [128]); and even if damages are awarded, a plaintiff might
not always be in a sound financial state to pay.

117 For that reason, an Assistant Registrar hearing an application for _a
warrant of arrest_ must act as the first “gatekeeper” against a completely
unmeritorious claim, by refusing to grant the warrant should the plaintiff’s
claim be supported by _obviously insufficient or contradictory documentary
evidence_. However, we also caution that as it is not the role of the
Assistant Registrar _at that stage_ to determine the sustainability of the
plaintiff’s action, he or she should refuse to grant leave in only plain cases
of processoral abuse.

Conclusion

118 For all the above reasons, we reversed the Judge’s decision to strike out
the appellant’s claim under O 18 r 19 of the ROC. The appellant’s claim in
express representation leading to agency by estoppel was, in our opinion, not
so factually or legally unsustainable that it should be barred from proceeding
to trial. We therefore allowed the appellant’s action to proceed to a full
trial.

119 On the issue of costs, we awarded the appellant costs of the appeal while
the costs below were ordered to be costs in the cause. The usual consequential
orders followed.

Chan Sek Keong CJ:

The steps and standards of proof involved in invoking admiralty jurisdiction

120 Although not necessary to her decision, the Judge also provided an
advisory on the standard of proof applicable to the various steps that a
plaintiff must satisfy in order to be able to invoke admiralty jurisdiction
under s 4(4) of the HCAJA (reproduced at [106] above]). The Judge noted that
any jurisdictional challenge in an admiralty action involves either a
“jurisdictional fact” or a “jurisdictional question of law”. In the case of
the former, the standard of proof is the civil standard of a balance of
probabilities. In the case of the latter, the standard of proof is that of a
good arguable case. For convenience, I shall call the former challenge a
“factual challenge” and the latter a “legal challenge”.

121 In the context of the five steps described above, the Judge stated that
only step 1 would involve _both_ factual and legal challenges, _ie_ ,
jurisdictional facts and jurisdictional questions of law (see the GD at
[83]–[98]), whereas steps 2, 4 and 5 would involve only factual challenges
(see the GD at [99]–[107]). Step 3 (_ie_ , the _in_ _personam_ liability
requirement) on the other hand would concern a _non-jurisdictional_ matter of
fact or law, to be assumed in the plaintiff’s favour _for jurisdictional
purposes_ (see the GD at [108]–[139]).

122 In my view, the Judge’s advisory on the standard of proof in relation to
jurisdictional challenges can only be understood in the context of how the
court determines such issues procedurally at the interlocutory stage of the
proceedings. With respect to a factual challenge, the Judge has provided an
illustrative case (see the GD at [98]) where the dispute relates to whether
bunkers supplied by the plaintiff to the defendant ship were supplied as a
consumable or as a commodity. If it is the former case, the claim would fall
within s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA as being goods supplied for the ship’s
operation. If it is the latter, it would just be an ordinary civil claim for
payment and not a claim under s 3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA.

123 The Judge’s view on the standard of proof of such factual disputes is set
out as follows (the GD at [98]):

... the court [is] obliged to find, on a balance of probabilities, as a
precondition to deciding whether the plaintiff's claim [falls] within s
3(1)(_l_) of the HCAJA ... . This fact [_ie_ , whether the bunkers were
supplied as a consumable or as a commodity] [is] simply a condition precedent
to jurisdiction under s 3(1)(_l_), _ie_ , it [is] a jurisdictional fact which
[has] to be found at the outset. That fact-finding might be rendered difficult
as a result of the preliminary nature or urgency of the action, or the
evidence being in affidavit form, [does] not detract from the task of the
court … .

The task of the court as set out at [86] of the GD is as follows:

As a practical matter, it could of course be said (as it was by the learned AR
in his grounds of decision) that at such a preliminary stage of the action, in
the absence of discovery and cross-examination of witnesses, it would be
inappropriate to insist on a standard of proof normally applicable to full
trials. However, that was not a principled way of dealing with the point that
when the court's entire jurisdiction to adjudicate the action rested upon a
disputed question of (jurisdictional) fact, that question of fact had to be
resolved once and for all, using a standard of proof that was consistent with
that used for proof of facts in general (in the absence of statutory language
stating otherwise). Further, such pragmatic objections have not convinced
courts in admiralty cases to abandon the standard of a balance of
probabilities where proving _jurisdictional facts_ was concerned (_I Congreso
del Partido_ at 535–536; _The Aventicum_ [[1978] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 184] at 186 and
190; and [_Vostok Shipping_ _Co Ltd v Confederation Ltd_ [2000] 1 NZLR 37] at
[21]).

124 Read together, it is not clear whether these two passages are intended to
suggest that a factual challenge can be disposed of solely on the basis of the
affidavit evidence, without a full trial of the issue (which would include
cross-examining the deponents). If that is the suggestion, it would not, in my
view, be a principled way to deal with factual disputes. Under our adversarial
system of justice, factual disputes can only be decided on the basis of oral
evidence and cross-examination of the witness or deponent, unless the
defendant is able to produce undisputable and conclusive evidence that the
requisite jurisdictional fact does not exist. This principle must apply to all
the steps outlined in the Judge’s advisory in relation to a factual challenge.

125 According to the Judge, in a case based on a factual challenge, the
standard of proof of proving or disproving the disputed fact even at the
preliminary stage of the proceedings is a balance of probabilities (see [123]
above reproducing [98] of the GD). If this is what the Judge meant, I can
immediately see two difficulties arising in practice. The first difficulty is
that, if the factual challenge was to be determined on the balance of
probabilities, it might result in the determination also of the plaintiff’s
action. For example, had the respondent’s jurisdictional challenge in the
present case been that no bunkers were supplied to its vessels at all (_ie_ ,
a jurisdictional fact under step 1), and this dispute were decided in favour
of the appellant at the interlocutory stage, the appellant would have been
entitled to judgment as the respondent would have no defence to be tried on
the facts subsequently at trial. The second difficulty is that such an
approach is not congruent with the Judge’s statement that where there is a
legal challenge, _ie_ , a jurisdictional challenge on a question of law, the
standard of proof is that of _a good arguable case_. The procedural
incongruence lies in the consequence that if the court finds that there is
indeed a good arguable case on the law, the claim on the facts should
ordinarily proceed to a full trial, where the issue of jurisdiction merges
with the issue of liability and the plaintiff has to prove its claim on the
facts on the balance of probabilities (see _The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_ at [44]
as reproduced below).

126 In my view, these procedural problems have arisen partly because of the
somewhat elliptical dicta of this court in _The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)._ In that
case, the appellants argued that they were entitled to plead that the court
had no admiralty jurisdiction, _at the trial stage_ , even though it had
previously been decided at the interlocutory stage that the court had
admiralty jurisdiction (at [26]). In response to this argument, the court said
(_The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_ at [40]–[44]):

40 … [W]e believe that counsel has confused the issues of jurisdiction and
substantive liability because of the peculiar nature of admiralty actions _in
rem_. Unlike actions _in personam_ , in which the court’s jurisdiction is
founded on the presence of the defendant within the jurisdiction, admiralty
jurisdiction _in rem_ is founded whenever one of the requirements of s 3(1) of
the [HCAJA] are [is] satisfied. The particular ground relied on in this case
was ground (c): “any claim in respect of a mortgage of or charge on a ship or
any share therein”.

41 We acknowledge that for some of the grounds, including ground (c), there is
some similarity in the questions posed to determine jurisdiction and
substantive liability. When deciding whether it has jurisdiction, the question
the court must ask itself is whether there is good arguable case based on a
ship's mortgage. When deciding at trial whether a defendant is liable, the
question the court must ask itself is whether the claim based on a ship's
mortgage is proved on a balance of probabilities.

42 Counsel considered that as the question asked in both cases is the same,
and it is only the standard of proof that varies, he was entitled to argue
“jurisdiction” twice, with his chances on the second try being better because
the plaintiff had a higher burden. The point, however, that counsel missed,
was that the standard of proof varies because the nature of the legal
examination is different depending on whether one is asserting jurisdiction or
liability.

43 In a hearing of an application to dispute jurisdiction, the plaintiff need
only show that he has a good arguable case that his cause of action falls
within one of the categories of s 3(1), in this case, ground (c). His
objective is to persuade the court that there is sufficient evidence that a
claim of the type specified in s 3(1)(_c_) exists. As the plaintiff in the
present case did so, the court was entitled to find that the plaintiff rightly
invoked its jurisdiction.

44 Once the suit reaches the trial stage, however, the nature of the legal
examination changes. The court is not deciding if there is good cause for it
to assume jurisdiction – it is deciding if there is good cause for it to give
judgment for the plaintiff. The same facts cited to establish jurisdiction
must then be proved by the plaintiff in the context of the substantive dispute
proper and not the context of a jurisdictional dispute. These facts must be
proved beyond the standard of a good arguable case. They must be proved to the
civil standard of proof, that is, on a balance of probabilities.

127 The court’s observations in the above passages are not self-explanatory.
The statement at [41] that “[w]hen deciding whether it has jurisdiction, the
question the court must ask itself is whether there is good arguable case
based on a ship's mortgage”, is unhelpful because it is not clear whether the
court was referring to a factual or a legal challenge, or one involving an
issue of mixed fact and law. The Judge interpreted the test of a good arguable
case in these passages in _The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_ as being referable to a
question of law, and not to a question of fact, because whether the claim
““falls within one of the categories of s 3(1)” is a question of
characterisation and categorisation, and therefore a question of law” (the GD
at [95]). However, this was not what the court in _The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_
actually said. At [43] of its judgment, the court said that “[the plaintiff’s]
objective is to persuade the court that _there is sufficient evidence_ that a
claim of the type specified in s 3(1)(_c_) exists” (emphasis added), words
which are clearly apt as referring to an issue of fact rather than purely an
issue of law. In _The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_ , the disputed issue was whether a
mortgage of the ship had been executed – one which could be construed as a
question of fact indeed. However, it was not clear whether there was a clearly
framed _factual challenge_ on jurisdiction in _The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_ at
the interlocutory stage of the proceedings, and the comments by the court at
[41] that “[w]hen deciding at trial whether a defendant is liable, the
question the court must ask itself is whether the claim based on a ship's
mortgage is proved on a balance of probabilities” referred to the liability
stage rather than the interlocutory stage.

128 In my view, the correct procedural position as to how a court should
proceed adjudicating over a factual challenge at the
interlocutory/jurisdictional stage was stated by the New Zealand Court of
Appeal in _Vostok Shipping Co Ltd v Confederation Ltd_ [2000] 1 NZLR 37 (“
_Vostok Shipping_ ”). In that case, Vostok brought a claim _in_ _rem_ against
the ship _Kapitan_ _Lomaev_ which was promptly arrested. The claim related to
an _in personam_ action against a Russian company (“Orka”), which Vostok
alleged was the owner of the vessel. Confederation Ltd applied to the High
Court to have the arrest set aside alleging that it, and not Orka
beneficially, owned the ship when the action was brought and, therefore, that
the High Court had no jurisdiction for the action _in rem_ under s
5(2)(_b_)(i) of the Admiralty Act 1973 (corresponding to s 4(4)(_b_)(i) of the
HCAJA). The New Zealand Court of Appeal dealt with the factual challenge at
[19]–[21] as follows:

[19] We accept Mr David's arguments. The practice is well established in the
jurisdictions to which he referred [ie, England, Australia and Singapore] of
requiring a plaintiff on an application to set aside an arrest to prove on
balance of probabilities that the proceeding is within the in rem jurisdiction
of the Court. ... The practice is now firmly entrenched in England (see, for
example, _The “Aventicum”_ [1978] 1 Lloyd's Rep 184 (Slynn J) and _The “Nazym_
_Khikmet”_ [1996] 2 Lloyd's Rep 362 (Clarke J and the Court of Appeal)) and
Singapore (_The Andres Bonifacio_ [1993] 3 SLR 521) and accepted in the High
Court of Australia (_The Owners of the Ship “Shin Kobe Maru” v Empire Shipping
Co Inc_ (1994) 181 CLR 404 at p 426) and should be followed in this country.

[20] In _I Congreso del Partido_ Robert Goff J decided that the question of
jurisdiction had to be determined on the motion to set aside the writ and
could not be dealt with as an issue in the substantive proceeding. … We are in
respectful agreement with the following observation of Robert Goff J at p
1199:

“. . . it cannot be right for the decision on [jurisdiction] to be allowed to
depend on the decision of some issue to be tried in the actions. If there is
no jurisdiction as against [the party disputing ownership], they should not be
troubled with the actions at all; indeed it cannot be decided whether the
actions can be allowed to proceed until the question of jurisdiction has been
determined.”

[21] But, though holding that the matter of jurisdiction had to be dealt with
on the motion, Robert Goff J said that evidence would be admitted for the
purpose of the ruling on jurisdiction and there could be oral evidence, for
example, by cross-examination of deponents of affidavits. In _Baltic Shipping_
this Court said that ownership must, if in issue, be decided on the motion to
set aside and must be decided on evidence and not merely on pleadings. _It
seems to us that, even allowing for the urgency of the matter, there is no
reason why the High Court should not allow an adjournment of the application
to set aside the proceeding to give time for the assembling of the necessary
evidence and, if necessary, for deponents to be brought to this country for
cross-examination so that the important question of ownership, or any other
factual issue arising under s 5 as a matter going to jurisdiction, can be
determined without undue haste and consequent prejudice to a party which
perhaps may not have immediate access to all relevant factual materials._ If
the application to set aside is heard in this manner it will be little
different from a R 418 hearing.

[emphasis added]

129 In my view, the court’s approach as described in the italicised words in
the above passage meets the requirements of procedural justice in determining
factual challenges under step 1 in an admiralty action. The court must conduct
a trial of the issue _at the interlocutory/jurisdictional stage_ , if the
defendant seeks a conclusive finding of fact from the court. However, if the
defendant is only prepared to rely on its affidavits, the court will only be
able to determine the disputed issue on a preliminary basis. Consistent with
the nature of the hearing, there can be no finding of fact on the balance of
probabilities, but only on a _prima facie_ basis that, on the facts, the court
has jurisdiction. Although there will be no conclusive finding towards the
disputed jurisdictional fact(s) _under step 1_ at the interlocutory stage, the
issue of jurisdiction will merge at the _liability stage_ with the issue of
whether the plaintiff has proved its claim on the facts on the balance of
probabilities, and the court at the liability stage would be entitled to come
to a differing opinion from the court at the interlocutory stage based on
evidence beyond contested affidavits which might surface _at trial_. However,
at the liability stage, “[t]he court is not deciding if there is good cause
for it to assume jurisdiction – it is deciding if there is good cause for it
to give judgment for the plaintiff” (_The Jarguh_ _Sarwit (CA)_ at [44]). It
does not matter how the standard of proof (at the interlocutory/jurisdictional
stage) is labelled provided it is understood that a factual dispute cannot be
_conclusively_ decided on contested affidavit evidence alone.

130 In my view, in the case of a factual challenge to jurisdiction, whether
the question of fact would be determined on _the balance of probabilities_
depends on _how a defendant wishes to make good its challenge by_ _way of
evidence_. It is not in every case that the court is required to decide the
dispute of fact on the balance of probabilities. This is only possible,
consistent with the requirements of procedural justice, where all the evidence
relating to disputed facts are before the court. Each case must depend on what
the defendant is prepared to agree to in relation to how the jurisdictional
issue should be determined or tried. It is not for the court to compel the
defendant to undergo a full pre-trial of the factual dispute if it only wishes
to rely on affidavit evidence. In this regard, I am of the view that there is
no justification from the perspective of procedural justice for an admiralty
action to be treated differently from any other civil action. The court is the
master of its own procedure, subject of course, to the ROC, but there is
nothing in the ROC which compels the court to deal with factual or legal
challenges in admiralty actions in any particular way. There is nothing to
prevent the court to prescribe its own procedure, depending on the needs of
the parties, and in particular, the needs of the party who wishes to set aside
the admiralty action or the consequential arrest of its vessel.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Case at [8]. See also Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) 2A
at pp7-10, 24-26 and ACB 2B at pp4-64.

[note: 2]Respondent’s CB2 at pp47 – 69.

[note: 3]Respondent’s case at [10]

[note: 4]Respondent’s Case at [9]. See also Respondent’s Core Bundle (“RCB”) 2
at pp70-91.

[note: 5]Respondent’s Case at [14].

[note: 6]Respondent’s Case at [16].

[note: 7]Respondent’s Case at [11].

[note: 8]RA 3F at 232.

[note: 9]Respondent’s CB2 at pp154-160.

[note: 10]Respondent’s CB2 at pp164-177.

[note: 11]Respondent’s CB2 at pp178-209.

[note: 12]Respondent’s CB2 at pp213-218.

[note: 13]RA 2 at p23.

[note: 14]RA 2 at p24.

[note: 15]ACB 2B at p 153, para 8.

[note: 16]ACB 2B at pp151 – 192.

[note: 17]RA 2 at p 42.

[note: 18]RA 2 at p39.

[note: 19]RCB2 at pp265-271.

[note: 20]Appellant’s Case at [34].

[note: 21]Respondent’s Case at [44].

[note: 22]Respondent’s Case at [47].

[note: 23]ACB 2A at p127 and p136.

[note: 24]Respondent’s Case at [100].

[note: 25]RA 3F at pp135-141.

[note: 26]RCB2 at pp70-91.

[note: 27]RCB2 at pp92-153.

[note: 28]Appellant’s Case at [35(e)].

[note: 29]Respondent’s Case at [46].

[note: 30]Appellants’ Case at [53].

[note: 31]Appellant’s Case at [50]; Respondent’s Case at [60].

[note: 32]Appellants’ Case at [45] – [48]; Respondents’ Case at [51] – [58].

[note: 33]Respondent’s Case at [146].

[note: 34]Respondents’ Case at [152] – [153].

[note: 35]ACB 2B at pp258-260.

[note: 36]ACB 2B at p104.

[note: 37]Respondent’s Case at [143].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

