Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Thorben Langvad Linneberg _v_ Leong Mei Kuen  
[2012] SGHC 26

Case Number| :| Suit No 373 of 2011/D  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 03 February 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Lai Siu Chiu J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cecilia Hendrick and Archana Chandrasekaran (Kelvin Chia
Partnership) for the plaintiff; Patrick Yeo and Lim Hui Ying (KhattarWong) for
the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Thorben Langvad Linneberg — Leong Mei Kuen  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The appeals to this decision in Civil Appeal No 141 of
2011 was allowed by the Court of Appeal on 5 July 2012. See [2012] SGCA 61.]

3 February 2012|  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

Introduction

1 This case involved a motor accident that took place along Clemenceau Avenue
North (“the road”) on 3 June 2009 (“the accident”). The motorcyclist Thorben
Lanvad Linneberg (“the plaintiff”), sustained personal injuries as a result of
a collision between his motorcycle and a mini-bus driven by Leong Mei Kuen
(“the defendant”). At the conclusion of the trial, I found that the defendant
was liable for the accident to the extent of 25%, with the plaintiff bearing
75% liability. As the plaintiff has appealed against my decision (in Civil
Appeal No 141 of 2011), I now set out the grounds for my decision.

The facts

2 The road is a dual carriage way with two lanes in each direction, one
towards Cairnhill Road and the other towards Newton Circus; it is divided by a
continuous white line in the middle. Perpendicular to the road, and on the
side of traffic heading towards Newton Circus, is Peck Hay Road. The road and
Peck Hay Road together form a T-junction uncontrolled by any traffic light.

3 On 3 June 2009, at about 3.45pm, the plaintiff was riding his motorcycle in
the direction of Cairnhill Road, travelling along the right lane. The
defendant, who is a school bus driver, had stopped her mini-bus on the left
lane of the same road, alongside flat No. 50 of Monk’s Hill Apartments, where
her last student had alighted. After the student had alighted, the defendant
moved her mini-bus from its stationary position on the left lane into the
right lane of the road. It was disputed whether the defendant was trying to
make an illegal U-turn back towards Newton Circus or was turning right into
Peck Hay Road.

4 The movement of the mini-bus across the plaintiff’s path of travel caused
the plaintiff to swerve right in an evasive manoeuvre albeit unsuccessfully.
The plaintiff’s motorcycle collided with the front-right side of the
defendant’s mini-bus, causing the plaintiff to be thrown off the motorcycle
and sustain personal injuries.

5 On 24 November 2011, the defendant pleaded guilty to the offence of
inconsiderate driving under s 65(b) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 2004 Rev
Ed) (“RTA”). There was, however, no evidence produced before this court as to
the Statement of Facts the defendant had pleaded guilty to in the criminal
proceedings.

The pleadings

6 In his Statement of Claim (“SOC”), the plaintiff alleged that the defendant
caused the accident by, _inter alia_ , failing to keep a proper lookout and to
have sufficient regard for other road users. He also claimed that the
defendant had not signalled right before executing the right turn and that the
defendant had suddenly encroached into the plaintiff’s path of travel in an
unsafe manner.

7 In the Defence, the defendant averred that before executing the turn, she
had checked her mirror to ensure that traffic was clear, before signalling and
making the right turn into Peck Hay Road. The defendant accordingly alleged
that the accident was caused solely by the plaintiff’s negligence, or in the
alternative, that the plaintiff’s negligence contributed to the accident. She
pleaded that the accident was caused by the plaintiff’s attempt to dangerously
overtake her mini-bus on the right side, via the side of the road heading in
the direction of Cairnhill Road.

The trial

8 The plaintiff and the defendant were the only witnesses who took the stand
in the one day trial.

The plaintiff’s case

9 The plaintiff testified that he was riding at the speed of about 50 kph
which was well within the speed limit. He claimed that from a distance of 50m,
he noticed the defendant’s mini-bus parked on the left side of the road, and
that the min-bus’ hazard lights and right signal lights were not turned on.
When he was about 15m away, the plaintiff said that the defendant suddenly
executed a right-turn from its stationary position on the left side of the
road in an attempt to make an illegal U-turn. According to the plaintiff, this
made him suddenly brake hard, causing his rear tyre to “fish-tail”. By “fish-
tailing”, what the plaintiff meant was the effect of the rear-tyre of his
motorcycle moving from left to right continuously when he applied the brakes
on the front tyres.

10 In response to the suggestion by counsel for the defendant (Mr Yeo) that
the plaintiff could have moved his motorcycle to the left instead of the right
to avoid the collision, or that he could simply have applied his brakes and
kept straight since the collision occurred on the opposite lane, the plaintiff
claimed that doing so might have led to him crashing straight into the mini-
bus.

The defendant’s case

11 Contrary to the plaintiff’s account, the defendant testified that she had
both switched on her hazard lights and signalled before attempting a right
turn into Peck Hay Road. She also claimed that she had looked into her right
side-view mirror and over her right shoulder before executing the right turn.
She did not, however, see the plaintiff’s motorcycle while doing her checks.
When referred by counsel for the plaintiff (Ms Cecilia Hendricks) to the
traffic police sketch plan which showed the front tyres of the mini-bus
turning slightly towards Newton Circus rather than towards Peck Hay Road, the
defendant explained that the positioning of the tyres was due to the impact of
the collision, not an attempt to make an illegal U-turn. As the plaintiff’s
motorcycle had collided into the mini-bus at a very fast speed causing the
mini-bus to swerve left, she had to turn her wheels back to the right,
resulting in the mini-bus’s final position.

The findings

12 As indicated earlier at [8], other than the plaintiff and the defendant,
who testified for their respective cases, there were no other witnesses. While
the plaintiff had indicated in his SOC that the defendant had pleaded guilty
in the Subordinate Court for the criminal offence of inconsiderate driving
under the RTA, there was no evidence produced before the court nor was the
defendant cross-examined on the details of that charge. Therefore much turned
on the cogency and the credibility of the respective testimonies given by the
plaintiff and defendant, considered in the light of the other evidence
presented.

13 I found the defendant to be a far more forthright and credible witness than
the plaintiff. The plaintiff was an evasive witness who had a tendency to give
answers that seemed more like afterthoughts than candid responses. For
example, when asked by Mr Yeo about the lack of detail of the speed he was
travelling at, the distance from which he first saw the defendant’s mini-bus
and whether the defendant had signalled _etc_ in the plaintiff’s police report
filed about one month after the accident, he first claimed that it was because
he was merely responding to questions asked by the police officer interviewing
him. However, when further pressed by Mr Yeo, the plaintiff then claimed that
it was also due to his condition at that time. He subsequently added that the
said details were missing as the police interview took place intermittently
over a few weeks and seemed like a non-serious discussion, and that he
suddenly remembered that the police officer had told him to simply give rough
details for the purposes of lodging an insurance report

14 Whether as a result of prevarication or poor recollection, I found the
plaintiff’s testimony to be far from satisfactory. If, as claimed by the
plaintiff during trial, he could recall the details of the accident “as it
happened yesterday”, the lack of details in the police report, filed a mere
one month after the accident, was glaring. He had ample opportunities then to
give his full account of what transpired, especially since, as he claimed, the
police officer kept coming back to interview him over that period. His failing
to do so, only to include such details in his affidavit filed over 2 years
after the accident, led me to treat his testimony with great circumspection.

15 In contrast, I found the defendant to be a far more candid witness. In both
her testimony in court and in her police report, her consistent position was
that she checked for traffic before signalling and making the turn. More
importantly, she was also consistent in her testimony that she did not see the
plaintiff’s motorcycle until the point of collision and was thus unable to
identify the speed at which the plaintiff was travelling. Notably, this was
despite the fact that her own counsel was trying to establish that the
plaintiff was actually travelling faster than 50kph.

16 The plaintiff’s version of what transpired was also inconsistent with the
evidence that was before the court. While he claimed that he was travelling at
50kph, the extent of the damage to his motorcycle, as shown in the photographs
tendered, indicated otherwise. Indeed, as Mr Yeo pointed out during his cross-
examination of the plaintiff, the police report indicated that the front of
the motorcycle was “totally wrecked”. The plaintiff himself also conceded that
the photographs showed that the damage to the motorcycle was the result of a
severe impact.

17 The plaintiff’s account that he had to brake so hard that the rear tyre of
his motorcycle started to “fish-tail” was also riddled with inconsistencies.
The plaintiff’s motorcycle was a high performance sports machine called Yamaha
Fazer, with an engine capacity of 1000cc with an advanced braking system. Had
the plaintiff really been travelling at only 50kph and had braked so hard that
his rear tyre “fish-tailed”, it would have been unlikely that he was unable to
stop or, at the very least, slowed his motorcycle such that the extent of
damage to the bike was less severe than what it was. Even more telling was the
absence of any skid or brake marks in the traffic police’s sketch plan. Surely
if the plaintiff had braked so hard that his rear tyre was “fish-tailing”, one
would expect for there to be at least some markings on the road.

18 For the above reasons, I found that it was more likely than not on the
evidence that the plaintiff was travelling at a greater speed than 50kph on
his high performance machine, speeding on the road in the direction of
Cairnhill Road. It was also possible that the plaintiff was in the defendant’s
blind spot. That together, would explain why the defendant did not see the
plaintiff until the point of collision, despite doing her checks. The
plaintiff’s account that he was travelling at the speed of 50kph, well within
the speed limit, was evidently an afterthought. I would also note that my
finding would be consistent with the defendant’s explanation for the
positioning of her front tyres as shown in the traffic police’s sketch plan,
which was that the impact of the collision was so great that it caused the
mini-bus to swerve left, resulting in the defendant having to turn her wheels
back to the right in a defensive manoeuvre.

19 I also found that the absence of any skid marks can be explained by the
fact the plaintiff was trying to overtake the defendant on the right side,
_ie_ on the wrong side of the road, and against the direction of traffic. This
can be ascertained by reference to the traffic police sketch plan, which
showed that the collision took place after the defendant’s mini-bus had
crossed the centre continuous white line and was on the other side of the
road. By attempting to overtake the defendant on the wrong side of the road,
the plaintiff had himself committed a traffic offence. Given that traffic on
the plaintiff’s original side of the road (heading towards Cairnhill Road) was
clear, had the plaintiff simply applied his brakes and manoeuvred left instead
of overtaking, he would most likely have averted the accident. The plaintiff
was, however, committed to swerving right in an attempt to overtake the slow
turning mini-bus. In my view, the plaintiff’s failure to execute the safer
evasive manoeuvre contributed partly to the accident.

20 At the same time, it was also clear from the evidence that the defendant
had attempted to make a right turn into Peck Hay Road, all the way from the
left lane of the road heading in the direction of Cairnhill Road. The
execution of that right turn entailed the defendant cutting sharply across 3
lanes of traffic and the centre continuous white line, albeit in a slow and
cautious manner. Consequently, the defendant herself must share some of the
blame for the accident.

The law

21 The plaintiff bore the burden of proving that the defendant was negligent
in order to succeed in this action. The required duty of care owed by
motorists may be gleaned from _Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence_ (Sweet &
Maxwell, 12th Ed, 2010) (“ _Charlesworth & Percy_”) at paragraph 10-187:

...Hence, the duty of a person who either drives or rides a vehicle on the
highway is to use reasonable care to avoid causing damage to persons,
vehicle...

Reasonable care means the care which an ordinarily skilful driver or rider
would have exercised, under all the circumstances, and connotes an “avoidance
of excessive speed, keeping a good lookout, observing rules and signals and so
on”...

22 Nevertheless, as the learned authors of _Charlesworth & Percy_ themselves
stated at paragraph 10-191:

It is essential always to bear in mind that, and especially in the context of
motor accident cases, that each decision turns upon its own individual facts
and should be treated as a guide, rather than as a binding authority for a
rule of law.

A fact sensitive approach must therefore be undertaken, bearing in mind the
duty to drive or ride with reasonable care and prudence.

23 Additionally, one ought to be mindful of the principles behind the concept
of contributory negligence. As Lord Simon pointed out in _Nance v British
Columbia Electric Ry_ [1951] 2 All E.R. 448 (cited in _Charlesworth & Percy_
at paragraph 4-03):

When contributory negligence is set up as a defence, its existence does not
depend on any duty owed by the injured party to the party sued, and all that
is necessary to establish such a defence is to prove...that the injured party
did not in his own interest take reasonable care of himself and contributed,
by this want of care, to his own injury. For when contributory negligence is
set up as a shield against the obligation to satisfy the whole of the
plaintiff’s claim, the principle involved is that, where a man is part author
of his own injury, he cannot call on the other party to compensate him in
full.

24 The want of care of a plaintiff such that he can be deemed to be part
author of his own injury, must be distinguished from situations where in
reaction to being placed in a position of danger, the plaintiff does something
which with the benefit of hindsight, was a less than optimum solution. In such
situations, the court will assess the reasonableness of the course of action
undertaken in the light of the circumstances, and in cases of motor accidents,
a motorist will seldom be held liable for the outcome of a split second
decision where a number of courses of action were open to him and each had
potential disadvantages. The key question, however, is whether the risk
culminating in the injury originated partly from the plaintiff’s own want of
care, such that he can be said to be part author of his plight. If so,
contributory negligence is established, and it is for the court to decide on
the parties’ respective share of responsibility for the injury.

25 In order to so decide on the parties’ respective share of responsibility,
the court has to consider an overall appreciation of the parties’ respective
blameworthiness, considered in the light of the causative potency of their
faults. This, once again, is a fact-intensive exercise and justice has to be
done through a broad distribution of blame, rather than a mathematical inquiry
(see _Charlesworth & Percy_ at paragraph 4-25 and 4-26).

The decision

26 Applying the above principles, while the defendant was partly to blame for
making the sharp right turn, the plaintiff’s excessive speed and his decision
to execute an evasive manoeuvre by overtaking the defendant’s mini-bus on the
right side were major contributing factors to the collision. There is no doubt
that the plaintiff was part author for his own plight, for had he not been
riding at high speed, he might have been able to brake in time and avert, or
at the very least, reduce the severity of the accident.

27 In addition, by choosing to execute the highly dangerous evasive manoeuvre
of over-taking the defendant on the right side, against the direction of on-
coming traffic, the plaintiff greatly increased the risk of collision, which
eventually materialised. While it is true that the plaintiff ought not to be
held to the high standard of having to choose the optimum solution when there
were a range of options open to him, it was surely incumbent on the plaintiff
to avoid undertaking what clearly was the more risky manoeuvre. By doing so
and directly causing the accident, the plaintiff must be held to be more
blameworthy.

Conclusion

28 In light of my findings, I found that the plaintiff was liable for the
accident to the extent of 75%, with the defendant bearing 25% liability. I
directed that damages for the plaintiff’s claim should be assessed by the
Registrar with interest on the damages (when assessed) and costs reserved to
the Registrar. Costs of the trial would be taxed and payment to or by the
plaintiff would take into account the defendant’s solicitor’s _Calderbank_
letter dated 16 September 2011 to the plaintiff’s solicitors containing an
offer to settle.

29 I should point out that after the court delivered oral judgment, counsel
for the plaintiff wrote in on 15 November 2010 applying for further arguments
to be heard in relation to additional evidence that the plaintiff’s solicitors
had procured. The plaintiff’s solicitors had obtained copies of the charge,
the Statement of Facts and the notes of evidence for the offence of
inconsiderate driving in [5] to which the defendant had pleaded guilty. I
rejected the request for further arguments on 21 November 2010. Quite apart
from the three conditions laid down in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489
which would likely preclude the plaintiff from adducing the said further
evidence, as interlocutory judgment on liability between the parties had been
pronounced, this court was _functus officio_. It could not admit any new
evidence that would have affected the issue of liability already decided.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

