Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AQQ _v_ Comptroller of Income Tax  
[2012] SGHC 249

Case Number| :| Income Tax Appeal No 1 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 18 December 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Ong Sim Ho, Loh Hsiu Lien, Ong Ken
Loon and Khoo Puay Pin Joanne (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant; Liu Hern
Kuan and Joanna Yap Hui Min(Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  AQQ — Comptroller of Income Tax  
  
18 December 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 This appeal raises important issues pertaining to the proper interpretation
and application of anti-avoidance provisions in s 33 of the Income Tax Act
(Cap 134, 2008 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), matters which hitherto have not been
considered by our courts.

2 In 2003, the [B] group decided to restructure. The appellant in this appeal,
AQQ (“the Appellant”), was incorporated as part of the group’s restructuring
exercise. The Appellant acquired several subsidiary companies in Singapore
after obtaining the funds to do so by issuing convertible notes to a bank.
Under the notes, the Appellant was required to make periodic interest payments
to the bank.

3 During the relevant years of assessment, the acquired subsidiaries paid out
dividends to the Appellant, which constituted income chargeable to tax. These
dividends carried tax credits arising from tax deemed deducted at source which
could be set off against tax payable on the Appellant’s chargeable income. At
the same time, the Appellant duly paid the interest due under the notes to the
bank. These interest payments constituted interest expenses which were
deductible from the dividend income.

4 When tax for the relevant years of assessment came to be assessed, the
Appellant in its tax returns claimed the deduction of the interest expenses
from the dividend income as well as the benefit of the tax credits. The
combined effect of claiming both was the precipitation of substantial tax
refunds to the Appellant.

5 The respondent in this appeal, the Comptroller of Income Tax (“the
Comptroller”), initially accepted the Appellant’s tax computation and issued
notices of assessment whereunder the Appellant was to receive tax refunds.
Subsequently, the Comptroller formed the view that the Appellant had engaged
in a tax avoidance arrangement and purported to exercise his powers under s
33(1) of the Act to disregard both the dividend income and the interest
expenses. He therefore issued notices of additional assessments which
effectively recouped the earlier tax refunds.

6 The Appellant appealed against the Comptroller’s decision in Income Tax
Appeal Nos 40–43 of 2008. The Income Tax Board of Review (“the Board”)
dismissed the appeals. Dissatisfied with the Board’s decision in _AQQ v
Comptroller of Income Tax_ [2011] SGITBR 1 (“the Decision”), the Appellant now
appeals to this court.

7 The central questions in this appeal are:

(a) whether the arrangement by which the Appellant incurred interest expenses
which it set off against dividends from its subsidiaries constituted tax
avoidance within the ambit of s 33; and

(b) whether the Comptroller was entitled to exercise his powers under s 33(1)
in the manner that he did.

8 I now set out the material facts in some detail as they are essential for a
proper understanding of the issues in the appeal.

The facts

The Appellant

9 The Appellant was incorporated in Singapore in May 2003 pursuant to a
restructuring exercise, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of B Berhad (“[B]”),
a Malaysian public company listed on the Malaysian stock exchange. [B] also
wholly owns C Sdn Bhd (“[C]”), a Malaysian company.

10 As a result of the restructuring exercise, the Appellant became the holder
of all the issued shares in the following Singapore companies, these being the
subsidiary companies first referred to above at [2] (collectively, “the
Subsidiaries”):

(a) D (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“[D]”);

(b) E (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“[E]”), now known as F (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“[F]”);

(c) G Enterprise Pte Ltd (“[G]”); and

(d) H Shipping & Trading Co Pte Ltd (“[H]”).

Background to the dispute

Before the restructuring exercise

11 In 1950, [B] was incorporated in Malaya. In 1967, [B] entered into a joint
venture with R Berhad (“[R]”) in Malaysia and Singapore.[note: 1] Pursuant to
the joint venture, [B] _via_ [D] acquired a 50% equity interest in [F]. The
other 50% equity interest was held by the [R] group. The [B] group and the [R]
group also held [G] and [H], in addition to other companies, in the same 50:50
ratio.[note: 2]

12 On 27 August 1998, [B] entered into various agreements with the [R] group
to acquire the remaining 50% equity interests that it did not own in various
companies, including [F], [G] and [H].[note: 3] The vehicle used for the
acquisitions was [C].[note: 4] The result was that:[note: 5]

(a) [B] wholly owned [C] and [D];

(b) [C] held 50% equity interests in [F], [G] and [H]; and

(c) [D] held the remaining 50% equity interests in [F], [G] and [H].

The resultant corporate structure is diagrammatically represented below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

As can be seen, the interests in [F], [G] and [H] were held equally between
[C] (a Malaysian company) and [D] (a Singapore company). This split in
shareholding was what the later restructuring in 2003 sought to address.

Restructuring in 2003

13 Sometime in 2003, the [B] group decided to reorganise the corporate
structure in Singapore according to various lines of business (namely, cement,
readymix concrete, shipping and trading) and to mirror the group’s operating
structure in Malaysia.[note: 6] [F], [G], [H] and [D] were involved in the (a)
cement; (b) shipping; (c) readymix concrete; and (d) trading and drymix
businesses respectively. The various purposes of the restructuring will be
canvassed later in this judgment.

14 On 31 May 2003, the Appellant was incorporated as part of the restructuring
exercise.[note: 7] On 31 July 2003, [B] acquired the entire issued and paid-up
share capital of the Appellant, which comprised two ordinary shares of $1
each.[note: 8]

15 On 18 August 2003, the Appellant acquired the following equity interests:

(a) [B’s] 100% equity interest in [D] for $75m;[note: 9]

(b) [C’s] 50% equity interests in [F], [G] and [H] for $75m;[note: 10] and

(c) [D’s] 50% equity interests in [F], [G] and [H] for $75m.[note: 11]

The acquisitions made by the Appellant may be represented as follows:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

16 The final result of the restructuring is that the Appellant holds 100%
equity interests in the Subsidiaries. The Appellant is in turn held wholly by
[B]. Hence, the interests in [F], [G] and [H] are now consolidated and held
singly by the Appellant, which now also wholly owns [D]. The result of the
restructuring may be represented as follows:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

The financing arrangement

17 In connection with the acquisition of the Subsidiaries, the Appellant
entered into a financing arrangement (“the Financing Arrangement”) with [N
Bank].

18 The Financing Arrangement involved the following transactions all carried
out on the same day:

(a) On 18 August 2003, the Appellant issued $225m of fixed rate convertible
notes (“the Notes”) with a tenor of ten years at an interest rate of 8.85%
_per annum_ to the Singapore Branch of [N Bank] (“[N Bank Singapore]”).[note:
12] The Appellant then used the $225m facility from [N Bank Singapore] to
finance its acquisition of the Subsidiaries.

(b) On the same day, [N Bank Singapore] detached and retained the interest
coupons (“the Interest Coupons”) from the Notes and sold the principal
component of the Notes (“the Principal Notes”) to the Mauritius Branch of [N
Bank] (“[N Bank Mauritius]”) by entering into a sale and purchase agreement
(incorporating a Conditional Payment Obligation (“CPO1”) and a forward sale)
with [N Bank Mauritius]. Particulars are as follows:[note: 13]

(i) Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement, [N Bank Singapore] sold $205m
of the Principal Notes to [N Bank Mauritius] for $205m and, under CPO1,
promised to pay [N Bank Mauritius] interest at 8.845% _per annum_ provided
that [N Bank Singapore] received the full interest from the Appellant under
the Interest Coupons.

(ii) [N Bank Singapore] also entered into a forward sale agreement with [N
Bank Mauritius] for delivery of the remaining $20m of the Principal Notes by a
future date against payment for the same by [N Bank Mauritius].

(c) On the same day, [N Bank Mauritius] in turn sold the Principal Notes to
[C] by entering into a sale and purchase agreement (incorporating a
Conditional Payment Obligation (“CPO2”) and a forward sale agreement) with
[C]. Particulars are as follows:[note: 14]

(i) Pursuant to the sale and purchase agreement, [N Bank Mauritius] sold $205m
of the Principal Notes to [C] and, under CPO2, promised to pay interest at
8.84% _per annum_ to [C] if [N Bank Mauritius] received full payment from [N
Bank Singapore] under CPO1.

(ii) [N Bank Mauritius] also entered into a forward sale agreement with [C]
for delivery of the balance of $20m of the Principal Notes by a future date
against payment for the same by [C].

19 Also on 18 August 2003, the following transactions were carried out to put
[C] in funds to pay [N Bank Mauritius] for its purchase of the Principal
Notes:

(a) [B] granted [C] an interest-free inter-company loan of $75m, that sum
being the sale proceeds it received from the Appellant for its 100% equity
interest in [D].[note: 15]

(b) [D] granted [C] an interest-free inter-company loan of $75m, that sum
being the sale proceeds it received from the Appellant for its 50% equity
interests in [F], [G] and [H]. The loan was disbursed in the following
manner:[note: 16]

(i) [D] on behalf of [C] transferred $55m of the $75m loan to [N Bank
Mauritius].[note: 17]

(ii) [D] on behalf of [C] placed the balance of $20m as an investment deposit
with [N Bank Singapore] to secure payment by [N Bank Mauritius] for the $20m
of the Principal Notes sold forward by [N Bank Singapore] to [N Bank
Mauritius].[note: 18]

20 The flow of funds pursuant to the Financing Agreement and the other
transactions are as follows:[note: 19]

(a) After the Appellant received the sum of $225m from [N Bank
Singapore],[note: 20] it paid:[note: 21]

(i) $75m to [F] (the designated collection agent of [B][note: 22]) for the
acquisition of [B’s] 100% equity interest in [D];

(ii) $75m to [F] (the designated collection agent of [C][note: 23]) for the
acquisition of [C’s] 50% equity interests in [F], [G] and [H]; and

(iii) $75m to [D] for the acquisition of [D’s] 50% equity interests in [F],
[G] and [H].

(b) [F] (the designated collection agent of both [B] and [C]) paid $150m to [N
Bank Mauritius] towards the purchase of the $205m of the Principal
Notes.[note: 24]

(c) [D] (on behalf of [C]) paid $55m to [N Bank Mauritius] for the purchase of
the $205m of the Principal Notes.[note: 25]

(d) [D] (on behalf of [C]) placed $20m as an investment deposit with [N Bank
Singapore].[note: 26]

(e) [N Bank Mauritius] paid $205m to [N Bank Singapore] for the purchase of
the $205m of the Principal Notes.[note: 27]

21 On 18 November 2003, the following transactions and flow of funds took
place with respect to the balance $20m of the Principal Notes:[note: 28]

(a) [D] (on behalf of [C]) withdrew the $20m investment deposit from [N Bank
Singapore] and transferred $20m to [F] (the designated collection agent of
[C]);

(b) [F] (as payment agent of [C]) paid the $20m to [N Bank Mauritius] which in
turn paid the same to [N Bank Singapore]; and

(c) [N Bank Singapore] delivered the $20m of the Principal Notes to [N Bank
Mauritius] in consideration of such payment and [N Bank Mauritius] in turn
delivered the same $20m of the Principal Notes to [C] in consideration of
payment made for the same by [F] (as payment agent of [C]).

Dividends and changes to the tax regime

22 Subsequent to the reconstruction, the Subsidiaries paid dividends to the
Appellant. These dividends carried tax credits pursuant to the full imputation
system. It is necessary, for an understanding of this case, to outline the
workings of the full imputation system.

23 Before 1 January 2003, Singapore had in force the full imputation system
for taxation of dividends. This system is succinctly described in Angela Tan,
_Singapore Master Tax Guide Handbook 2009/10_ (CCH Asia Pte Ltd, 28th Ed,
2009) as follows (at p 288):

Up to 31 December 2002, Singapore [had] the _full imputation system_ to
regulate the distribution of corporate profits by companies resident in
Singapore. This regulation is done through the provisions of sec 44.

Under the imputation system, the tax paid by a resident company on its profits
is passed on as a tax credit to its shareholders upon distribution of profits
as dividends. When the shareholders receive the dividends, they are taxable on
the dividends on a gross-up basis. However, the corporate tax that has been
paid in relation to the dividends is “imputed” to the shareholders so that
they can claim credit for the tax deducted at source under sec 46. Through the
imputation system, the profits of the company are, in effect, taxed only once.

[emphasis in original]

24 The full imputation system was implemented through the account mechanism
under s 44 of the Act. Every resident company was required to maintain a s 44
account. Whenever a resident company paid tax on its chargeable income, an
amount equivalent to the amount of tax paid would be credited to its s 44
account. The resident company was entitled to use the balance in its s 44
account to frank dividends paid to its shareholders so that the gross amount
of dividend attributable to the shareholder was the aggregate of the cash
amount he actually received and the tax credited to him as having been paid.
When the resident company paid franked dividends, the tax credited to each
shareholder was debited from the company’s s 44 account balance. When a
shareholder received the franked dividends, he was entitled to set off the
amount of tax credit carried by the franked dividends (which is essentially
the same amount as the tax paid by the company on the gross dividends) against
the tax payable on his chargeable income from all sources. Through this s 44
account mechanism, tax paid by a resident company on its chargeable income was
passed on to its shareholder as a tax credit upon the payment of franked
dividends by the company to the shareholder.

25 The workings of the full imputation system may be illustrated as follows.
Take, for example, a resident company that has a chargeable income of $100.
Assume that the company’s s 44 account balance is nil, and the prevailing
corporate tax rate is 20%. The company duly pays the $20 tax. Hence, its s 44
account balance increases from nil to $20, and the cash in hand after tax is
$80. Using its s 44 account balance, the company may pay to its shareholders a
gross dividend of $100, made up of a net cash dividend of $80 franked with $20
worth of tax deemed paid by the shareholders. After such franking, $20 will be
debited from the company’s s 44 account balance, which will then revert to
nil.

26 How does the company’s shareholder compute his tax payable after receiving
franked dividends from the company? For ease of illustration, assume that the
same company has only one shareholder, and this same shareholder is not
entitled to any tax relief or deductions against income and that his only
source of income is the gross dividend paid by the company. Assume also that
the tax rate applicable to him is 10%. When the shareholder is assessed to tax
on his chargeable income (that being the gross dividend as there are no other
sources of income), his tax liability will be $10, being 10% of $100. However,
since the shareholder by reason of the tax credit is deemed to have paid tax
of $20, he is entitled to set off the tax credit carried by the franked
dividends (_ie_ , $20 deemed paid at source) against his tax liability of $10.
Hence, the overall result is that the shareholder is entitled to a tax refund
of $10 (_ie_ , $20 minus $10) from the Comptroller. The computation may be set
out as in the table below:

|  Amount ($)  
---|---  
Gross dividend income _Deductions and tax relief_ Chargeable income Tax chargeable (at 10%) _Less_ : Tax deducted at source Tax refundable |  100 _Deemed nil_ 100 10 20 10 (_ie_ , 20 – 10)  
  
  

27 In the example above, the shareholder is entitled to a tax refund because
his personal income tax rate of 10% is lower than the company’s corporate
income tax rate of 20%. _Per contra_ , if the shareholder’s applicable tax
rate were higher than 20%, he would have to pay the Comptroller the difference
between that higher tax and the tax credit of 20%.

28 Continuing with the example above, assume that the shareholder incurred an
interest expense of $90 in respect of funds he had borrowed to acquire the
company’s shares. The interest expense of $90 is deductible against the gross
dividend income of $100 so that the chargeable income is $10. The tax payable
on the chargeable income is hence $1, being 10% of $10. The $20 of tax credit
(_ie_ , $20 deemed paid at source) carried by the franked dividends is then
set off against the tax liability of $1, resulting in a tax refund of $19 to
the shareholder. The computation may be set out as in the table below:

|  Amount ($)  
---|---  
Gross dividend income _Less_ : Interest expenses Chargeable income Tax chargeable (at 10%) _Less_ : Tax deducted at source Tax refundable |  100 90 10 1 20 19 (_ie_ , 20 – 1)  
  
  

(As will be observed later in this judgment, the Appellant was initially able
to claim massive amounts of tax refunds because it incurred large amounts of
interest expenses on the Notes.)

29 On 1 January 2003, Singapore replaced the full imputation system with a
one-tier corporate tax system. Under the one-tier corporate tax system, the
tax paid by resident companies on their chargeable income constitutes a final
tax and will not be imputed to shareholders who receive dividends from such
companies. Correspondingly, shareholders will not be taxed on dividends
received under the one-tier corporate tax system.

30 Resident companies with unutilised s 44 account balances as at 31 December
2002 were given an option to remain on the full imputation system (for a
transitional period of five years from 1 January 2003 to 31 December 2007) to
enable them to use up their s 44 account balances by paying franked dividends
(if they were able so to do) before moving to the one-tier corporate tax
system. Alternatively, they could move to the one-tier corporate tax system
(in which case they may no longer pay franked dividends). Resident companies
that chose to remain on the full imputation system would automatically move to
the one-tier corporate tax system on 1 January 2008 after expiry of the
transitional period. Hence, from 1 January 2008 onwards, all resident
companies would be on the one-tier corporate tax system.

31 The crucial fact here is that the Subsidiaries chose to remain under the
full imputation system during the transitional period. Hence, the Subsidiaries
could continue to utilise their s 44 account balances by paying franked
dividends during the transitional period. The Subsidiaries’ s 44 account
balances and accumulated profits as at 31 December 2002 before they were
acquired by the Appellant were as follows:[note: 29]

Subsidiaries |  Section 44 Account Balance ($) |  Accumulated Profits ($)  
---|---|---  
[D] |  17,916,948.66 |  40,000  
[F] |  7,354,359.65 |  16,456,824  
[G] |  1,952,523.91 |  1,044,536  
[H] |  1,391,292.12 |  165,920  
  
  

As can be seen, the Subsidiaries had substantial s 44 account balances.

32 The Subsidiaries paid out franked dividends amounting to $83,173,945 to the
Appellant for Years of Assessment (“YA”) 2004 to 2007.[note: 30] As mentioned
earlier, these franked dividends carried tax credits.

The tax dispute

33 The Appellant paid interest on the Notes to [N Bank Singapore] at 8.85%
_per annum_ amounting to $67,096,467 for YA 2004 to 2007.[note: 31]

34 As the Financing Arrangement enabled the Appellant to acquire the
Subsidiaries and to receive the dividends paid out of the distributable
profits of the Subsidiaries, the interest paid by the Appellant on the Notes
was therefore claimed as a deduction against the dividend income of the
Appellant.[note: 32] In its tax returns for YA 2004 to 2007, the Appellant
claimed interest deductions[note: 33] totalling $67,096,467 for the interest
it paid against the dividend income represented by the franked dividends
amounting to $83,173,945. As a result, the Appellant claimed a total tax
refund of $13,561,794.44 pursuant to ss 44A and 46.[note: 34]

35 Based on the Appellant’s tax returns for YA 2004 to 2006, the Comptroller
issued Notices of Assessment for YA 2004 to 2006 (“the Original Assessments”)
on 24 September 2004, 27 August 2005 and 8 November 2006 respectively which
took into account the interest deductions claimed by the Appellant and
dividend income received by the Appellant from the Subsidiaries.[note: 35]
Consequently, tax refunds for YA 2004 to 2006 amounting to $9,589,816.84 were
made to the Appellant under the Original Assessments.

36 However, on 7 April 2008, the Comptroller informed the Appellant that he
was not satisfied that there was commercial justification for the Financing
Arrangement and stated that the arrangement was for the main purpose of
deriving a tax advantage.[note: 36]

37 Consequently, the Comptroller invoked s 33 and revised his earlier
assessments. The Comptroller issued Notices of Additional Assessment for YA
2004 to 2006 (“the Additional Assessments”) that disregarded the dividend
income received by the Appellant from the Subsidiaries and the interest
expenses incurred by the Appellant on the Notes issued to [N Bank Singapore],
and assessed the Appellant to have a total overall net tax liability of
$9,592,577.76 for YA 2004 to 2006.[note: 37]

38 On or about 31 March 2007, the Appellant filed its tax return and tax
computation for YA 2007 which showed the receipt of dividend income from its
holding of shares in the Subsidiaries and the incurring of interest expenses
on the Notes issued to [N Bank Singapore].[note: 38] Based on that tax return
and tax computation, the Appellant should have received a further refund of
$3,971,977.60.

39 Consistent with his stand with respect to YA 2004 to 2006, the Comptroller
similarly invoked s 33 and disregarded the dividend income and interest
expenses for YA 2007[note: 39] in his Notice of Assessment for YA 2007 dated
28 August 2008,[note: 40] with the result that the Appellant had a net tax
liability of $11,565.80.

40 The Appellant objected to the Additional Assessments and the Notice of
Assessment for YA 2007. The Comptroller refused to amend the same. The
Appellant appealed to the Board.

Decision of the Board

41 Upholding the Comptroller’s decision, the Board held that the Financing
Arrangement had the purpose or effect of tax avoidance within the meaning of s
33(1).[note: 41] The Board found that the Financing Arrangement was contrived
and artificial or was structured in a contrived and artificial way in order
for the Appellant to obtain a refund of tax through the utilisation of tax
credits; it was also not carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons but
had, as one of its main purposes, the avoidance or reduction of tax.

42 The Board essentially reasoned as follows:

(a) There was no real commercial justification for the loan given by [N Bank
Singapore] to the Appellant, other than as part of an arrangement entered into
to obtain or extract tax benefits, for the following reasons:[note: 42]

(i) The Appellant did not adduce minutes of meetings or other records of
discussions by the directors of the Appellant and/or [B] regarding the
commercial considerations justifying the loan.

(ii) Instead, there was an undated discussion paper of [N Bank] which
revealingly indicated that the purpose of the Financing Arrangement as a whole
and the loan in particular was to obtain or extract tax benefits.

(b) There was unsatisfactory treatment in the evidence at the appeal regarding
how the sums to be paid by the Appellant for the acquisition of the equity
interests in the Subsidiaries were arrived at.[note: 43]

(c) The manner in which the transactions in the Financing Arrangement had been
entered into or carried out were “contrived”, “artificial”, “strained”,
“forced”, “planned with ingenuity” and “out of the ordinary” because:

(i) all the transactions took place on the same day (_ie_ , 18 August 2003),
with the exception of the $20m of the Principal Notes, and there was no
explanation why the restructuring had to be completed on the same day.[note:
44]

(ii) the Appellant effectively borrowed money from another company within the
group, namely, [C], to acquire the Subsidiaries and [C] in turn borrowed money
from [D] and [B] to acquire the Notes. Counsel for the Comptroller was right
to point out that if the Appellant had wanted to borrow money, it could simply
have borrowed from [C] without involving [N Bank] as an intermediary and that
the Appellant was merely involved in a round-robin flow of funds.[note: 45]

(iii) the role of [N Bank] in the Financing Arrangement was merely
facilitative and not really that of a lender. It did not bear any risk as a
lender of the $225m loan.[note: 46]

(A) The interest “earned” by [N Bank Singapore] would be returned to the [B]
group in the form of conditional payments _(ie_ , _via_ CPO1 and CPO2) and [N
Bank Singapore’s] reward for participating in the arrangement was only in the
form of the fee for structuring and arranging the Financing Arrangement.

(B) The interposition of [N Bank] as a facilitator was to help the [B] group
to achieve the tax saving purpose mentioned in the discussion paper entitled
“Fixed Rate Notes Financing Structure”.

(iv) the interposition of [N Bank Mauritius] lacked commercial justification.
There was no real commercial necessity for [N Bank Mauritius] to be also
involved in the Financing Arrangement, other than to take advantage of the
exemption of the interest payments from withholding tax.[note: 47]

43 The Board held that s 14 of the Act was not intended to apply in this case
where the link between the loan and the dividend income was artificially
created, and the Appellant was incorporated pursuant to an artificial and
contrived financing arrangement in order to obtain the benefit of the s 44
credits for YA 2004 to 2007.[note: 48]

44 The Board also held that the interest payments were artificial because the
interest paid by the Appellant to [N Bank Singapore] was in substance returned
to the [B] group in the form of conditional payments.

45 The Board ruled that the full imputation system was not meant to be used in
the manner the Appellant did. The tax credits available to shareholders under
the full imputation system were not intended to be available to shareholders
such as the Appellant who received dividends from the Subsidiaries that were
acquired pursuant to an artificial or contrived arrangement.[note: 49]

46 The Board held that the Comptroller had the power and authority under s 74
of the Act to issue the Additional Assessments and assess the Appellant to
additional tax.[note: 50]

47 The Board hence dismissed the appeal and issued its Decision on 12 April
2011. The Appellant appeals to this court under s 81(2).

The Appellant’s case

48 Counsel for the Appellant contends that based on the evidence presented and
the Board’s own findings, the Decision was one which, because the Board
misdirected itself on the law and the evidence, no reasonable body of members
constituting an Income Tax Board of Review could have reached.

49 Counsel essentially argues that:

(a) The Board adopted the wrong approach towards s 33(1) when it asked whether
the Financing Arrangement was “artificial” or “contrived”.

(b) Instead, the Board should have examined the facts and evidence and
determined whether the elements in sub-paras (_a_) to (_c_) of s 33(1) were
met.

(c) The Financing Arrangement did not fall within sub-paras (_a_), (_b_) or
(_c_) of s 33(1). Hence, s 33(1) was not even engaged.

(d) Even if the Financing Arrangement did fall within sub-paras (_a_), (_b_)
or (_c_) of s 33(1), the Financing Arrangement was carried out for _bona fide_
commercial reasons and did not have as one of its main purposes the avoidance
or reduction of tax within the meaning of s 33(3)(_b_). In this respect, the
Board reached a conclusion that no reasonable Income Tax Board of Review could
reach on the evidence before it.

(e) Even if the Board was correct in finding that s 33(1) had been engaged and
that the statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_) did not apply, the Board erred in
law when it failed to give effect to the relevant specific provisions of the
Act (_ie_ , ss 14(1)(_a_), 44, 44A and 46) which conferred upon the Appellant
the entitlement to the tax refund.

(f) Even if s 33 applied, the Board was wrong to hold that the Comptroller was
entitled to disregard both the dividend income and interest expenses, when the
Comptroller should not have disregarded both.

(g) In any case, the Comptroller did not have the power under s 74 to assess
the Appellant as to the additional amounts for YA 2004 to 2006, and hence the
Additional Assessments were _ultra vires_ and void.

50 The details of the arguments will be canvassed at the appropriate junctures
in the course of this judgment.

The Comptroller’s case

51 Counsel for the Comptroller essentially contends that:

(a) The Financing Arrangement falls within sub-paras (_a_), (_b_) or (_c_) of
s 33(1). Hence, s 33(1) was engaged.

(b) The Financing Arrangement does not fall within the statutory exception in
s 33(3)(_b_).

(c) The Appellant cannot rely on the relevant specific provisions of the Act
(_ie_ , ss 14(1)(_a_), 44, 44A and 46) to override the operation of s 33.

(d) The Comptroller had the power to disregard both the dividend income and
interest expenses under s 33.

(e) The Comptroller had the power under s 74 or, alternatively, under s 33, to
assess the Appellant as to the additional amounts for YA 2004 to 2006.

52 The details of counsel’s arguments will similarly be dealt with at
appropriate junctures in the course of this judgment.

Issues

53 The issues before me are as follows:

(a) Whether the Board adopted the right approach towards s 33;

(b) Whether the Financing Arrangement fell within any of the three limbs of s
33(1);

(c) Whether the Appellant could avail itself of the statutory exception under
s 33(3)(_b_);

(d) Whether the Appellant could avail itself of the relevant specific
provisions of the Act (_ie_ , ss 14(1)(_a_), 44, 44A and 46) and override the
operation of s 33;

(e) Whether the Comptroller was right to disregard both the dividend income
and interest expenses under s 33; and

(f) Whether the Comptroller had the power to issue the Additional Assessments.

Approach towards appeals against decisions of the Board

54 Before proceeding to consider the issues, it is important to understand the
approach that this court should adopt in appeals against decisions of the
Board under s 81(2) of the Act.

55 Section 81(2) allows the taxpayer or the Comptroller to appeal from a
decision of the Board to the High Court where, _inter alia_ , the question
arising in the appeal is one of law or one of mixed fact and law:

**Appeals to High Court**

**81.** —(1) Except as provided in this section, the decision of the Board
shall be final.

(2) In any case in which the amount of tax payable, tax to be refunded as a
result of the operation of section 46 or notional tax benefit, as determined
by the Board (excluding the amount of any costs awarded) exceeds $200, the
appellant or the Comptroller may appeal to the High Court from the decision of
the Board upon any question of law or of mixed law and fact.

There is hence no appeal on questions of fact alone (_HLB v Comptroller of
Income Tax_ [1974–1976] SLR(R) 135 at [1]; _NP v Comptroller of Income Tax_
[2007] 4 SLR(R) 599 at [6] (“ _NP v CIT_ ”)).

56 Various formulations have been expressed as to the proper approach in
appeals from decisions of the Board. The proper test to apply in appeals under
s 81(2) is to ask whether the Board had misdirected itself in law, or had
proceeded without sufficient evidence in law to justify its conclusion (_CBH v
Comptroller of Income Tax_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 273 at [4]). Whilst the findings
of fact made by the Board would generally be respected, the court is free to
decide whether the conclusion reached by the Board is consonant with the facts
found and to reject the Board’s conclusions if the same are unreasonable (_NP_
_v CIT_). To succeed in an appeal under s 81(2), the appellant must show that
the Board erred in that no reasonable body of members constituting an Income
Tax Board of Review could have reached the findings made by the Board (_Mount
Elizabeth (Pte) Ltd v Comptroller of Income Tax_ [1985–1986] SLR(R) 950 at
[17]). These are all encapsulated within the oft-quoted statement of the law
by Lord Radcliffe in _Edwards (Inspector of Taxes) v Bairstow and another_
[1956] AC 14 where his Lordship held as follows (at 36):

... If the case contains anything ex facie which is bad law and which bears
upon the determination, it is, obviously, erroneous in point of law. But,
without any such misconception appearing ex facie, it may be that the facts
found are such that no person acting judicially and properly instructed as to
the relevant law could have come to the determination under appeal. In those
circumstances, too, the court must intervene. It has no option but to assume
that there has been some misconception of the law and that this has been
responsible for the determination. So there, too, there has been error in
point of law. I do not think that it much matters whether this state of
affairs is described as one in which there is no evidence to support the
determination or as one in which the evidence is inconsistent with and
contradictory of the determination, or as one in which the true and only
reasonable conclusion contradicts the determination. Rightly understood, each
phrase propounds the same test. ...

57 With these principles in mind, I now turn to the Decision to see whether
the Board has erred in law or made findings that no reasonable Board could
have reached.

Whether the Board adopted the right approach towards s 33

58 The Board in its Decision held that the Financing Arrangement had the
purpose or effect of tax avoidance within the realm of s 33(1).[note: 51] In
arriving at this conclusion, the Board found that the arrangement was
contrived and artificial or was structured in a contrived and artificial way
in order for the Appellant to obtain a refund of tax through the utilisation
of tax credits, and also that the arrangement was not carried out for  _bona
fide_ commercial reasons but had, as one of its main purposes, the avoidance
or reduction of tax. The Board focused on and emphasised the point that the
Financing Arrangement was artificial and contrived and lacked commercial
justification.[note: 52]

59 Counsel for the Appellant argues that the Board adopted the wrong
approach.[note: 53] He points out that there are two main parts to s 33. The
first comprises the “three limbs” of s 33(1), which spell out the section’s
scope of application. The second part is the statutory exception in s
33(3)(_b_), which is applicable only where it is found that s 33(1) has been
triggered. The correct approach is to first determine whether the arrangement
falls within one or more of the three limbs of s 33(1). It is only when the
arrangement falls within one or more of the three limbs that the question
arises as to whether the statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_) applies. The
Board hence adopted the wrong approach. In determining whether the Financing
Arrangement had as one of its main purposes tax avoidance or reduction, the
Board erroneously conflated ss 33(1) and 33(3)(_b_).

60 Counsel for the Comptroller argues in reply that the Board has not adopted
the wrong approach.[note: 54] In counsel’s view, the Board was perfectly
justified in taking into consideration artificiality and contrivance as
factors in determining whether s 33(1) applied because it is consistent with
Parliament’s intention. Counsel referred to statements made by the Minister
for Finance in his speech at the Second Reading of the Income Tax (Amendment)
Bill 1988 (“the Second Reading”) which suggest that artificiality and
contrivance remain factors to be considered in applying s 33(1).

61 I agree with counsel for the Appellant on this point.

62 Section 33 of the Act provides as follows:

**Comptroller may disregard certain transactions and dispositions**

**33.** —(1) Where the Comptroller is satisfied that the purpose or effect of
any arrangement is directly or indirectly —

(a) to alter the incidence of any tax which is payable by or which would
otherwise have been payable by any person;

(b) to relieve any person from any liability to pay tax or to make a return
under this Act; or

(c) to reduce or avoid any liability imposed or which would otherwise have
been imposed on any person by this Act,

the Comptroller may, without prejudice to such validity as it may have in any
other respect or for any other purpose, disregard or vary the arrangement and
make such adjustments as he considers appropriate, including the computation
or recomputation of gains or profits, or the imposition of liability to tax,
so as to counteract any tax advantage obtained or obtainable by that person
from or under that arrangement.

(2) In this section, “arrangement” means any scheme, trust, grant, covenant,
agreement, disposition, transaction and includes all steps by which it is
carried into effect.

(3) This section shall not apply to —

(a) any arrangement made or entered into before 29th January 1988; or

(b) any arrangement carried out for bona fide commercial reasons and had not
as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax.

63 Tax law is a creature of statute and interpretation of particular tax
provisions must start from their express words: _JD Ltd v Comptroller of
Income Tax_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 484 at [46] and [56] (“ _JD Ltd_ ”). Looking
squarely at the express words of s 33, one would notice that there is a clear
two-part structure to s 33:

(a) Section 33(1) sets out three specific circumstances, at least one of which
must be fulfilled before the Comptroller may exercise his powers under s
33(1). The purpose or effect of the arrangement in question must be to:

(i) alter the incidence of any tax which is payable by or which would
otherwise have been payable by any person;

(ii) relieve any person from any liability to pay tax or to make a return
under the Act; or

(iii) reduce or avoid any liability imposed or which would otherwise have been
imposed on any person by the Act.

(b) Section 33(3) sets out the two situations where s 33 cannot be applied.
These are:

(i) where the arrangement in question was made or entered into before 29
January 1988; and

(ii) where the same was carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and had
not, as one of its main purposes, the avoidance or reduction of tax.

64 Hence, the proper approach towards applying s 33 is as follows:

(a) The Comptroller must first determine whether the arrangement in question
falls within any of the three limbs in s 33(1).

(b) If the arrangement does not fall within any of the three limbs in s 33(1),
the Comptroller cannot exercise his powers thereunder.

(c) If the arrangement does fall within any of the three limbs in s 33(1), it
must further be determined whether either of the two statutory exceptions in s
33(3) applies to the arrangement in question.

(d) If either of the statutory exceptions applies to the arrangement in
question, the Comptroller may not exercise his powers under s 33(1).

(e) Conversely, if neither of the statutory exceptions applies, the
Comptroller may exercise his powers under s 33(1).

65 With respect, it would appear that the Board adopted the wrong approach.
The Board seemed to have conflated the statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_)
with the elements of s 33(1). The Board should not have delved straight into
asking whether the Financing Arrangement was artificial and contrived before
considering whether any of the three limbs in s 33(1) was satisfied. This is
not to say that it was altogether irrelevant to consider whether the Financing
Arrangement was artificial or contrived, but merely that such consideration
should have taken place only at the second stage when the question being
considered was whether the statutory exception in s 33(3)(_b_) applied.

66 The previous incarnation of s 33(1) expressly included artificiality and
fictitiousness as elements to be considered. The previous s 33 of the Income
Tax Act (Cap 134, 1985 Rev Ed) provided as follows:

**Comptroller may disregard certain transactions and dispositions**

**33.** —(1) Where the Comptroller is of the opinion that _any transaction
which reduces or would reduce the amount of tax payable by any person is
artificial or fictitious_ or that any disposition is not in fact given effect
to, he may disregard any such transaction or disposition and the persons
concerned shall be assessable accordingly.

(2) In this section, “disposition” includes any trust, grant, covenant,
agreement or arrangement.

[emphasis added]

The present s 33 of the Act makes no specific reference to these elements.
Counsel for the Comptroller points to a part of the Minister for Finance’s
speech at the Second Reading (which introduced the present s 33) in which the
Minister said (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (13 January
1988) vol 50 at col 358):

In assessing whether a particular scheme would fall under the ambit of section
33, the Inland Revenue Department would, among other things, look for the
presence of artificiality, the interposing of various intermediaries or
transactions to reduce or avoid tax and transfer pricing. It should be
stressed that the aim is to reduce blatant or contrived tax avoidance
arrangements and is not intended to affect normal commercial transactions. I
would also like to clarify that companies and individuals granted tax
exemptions and concessions under specific incentive schemes would not be
affected by the new section 33. They will continue to enjoy the tax
concessions.

On the basis of these statements, counsel argues that the Board was right to
consider artificiality and contrivance as relevant factors in determining
whether s 33(1) applied. I disagree. As I have stated, these factors are
relevant only at the second stage when the enquiry is whether the statutory
exception in s 33(3)(_b_) applies. Under the broader enquiry in s 33(3)(_b_)
as to whether an arrangement was carried out for “bona fide commercial
reasons”, it is not irrelevant to ask whether it was “artificial”,
“fictitious” or “contrived”. What the re-enactment of s 33 did was to do away
with the need for the Comptroller to find that an arrangement was artificial
or fictitious (or that any disposition was not in fact given effect to) in
favour of a broader test, _viz_ , whether the arrangement was carried out for
_bona fide_ commercial reasons and had not as one of its main purposes the
avoidance or reduction of tax.

67 It must be noted that even if the Board has adopted the wrong approach, it
may be that the Board’s ultimate conclusion that s 33 was properly invoked is
correct. In this respect, to succeed in its appeal, the Appellant must not
only show that the Board adopted the wrong approach, but also that applying
the right approach, s 33 would not apply on the facts of this case.

68 Hence, I must further consider whether on the proper application of s 33 to
the facts of this case, the Comptroller was ultimately justified in exercising
its powers under s 33(1) in the manner that he did.

Whether the Financing Arrangement fell within sub-paras (_a_), (_b_) or (_c_)
of s 33(1)

Interpreting s 33(1) – relevant principles

69 Before the Comptroller may exercise his powers under s 33(1), he must be
satisfied that the “purpose or effect” of the Financing Arrangement is to
achieve any of the three consequences set out in sub-paras (_a_), (_b_) and
(_c_) of s 33(1).

70 At the Second Reading, the Minister for Finance stated that s 33 was
similar to the Australian and New Zealand anti-avoidance provisions and that
Australian and New Zealand case law interpreting those provisions might be
useful in interpreting our own s 33 (_Singapore_ _Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (13 January 1988) vol 50 at cols 365–366):

However, having said that, I think we have in the process of drafting this
legislation _studied the anti-avoidance provisions of a number of countries
before we finalized our draft, including countries such as Hong Kong,
Australia and New Zealan_ d. ...

…

Furthermore, there are _adequate safeguards provided under the amendment which
are to be found in the judicial interpretations of legislations having similar
wordings such as in New Zealand and Australia_ , for there is a considerable
body of case law on which we can rely for the purpose of construing the
proposed section 33. ...

[emphasis added]

71 In the leading case of _Lauri Joseph Newton and Ors v Commissioner of
Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_ [1958] 1 AC 450 (“ _Newton_ ”), the
Privy Council interpreted the phrase “purpose or effect” in s 240 of the
Income Tax and Social Services Contribution Assessment Act, 1936–1951 (Cth),
which was the Australian anti-avoidance provision then in force. Lord Denning
opined (at 465–466):

_... The word “purpose” means, not motive but the effect which it is sought to
achieve – the end in view. The word “effect” means the end accomplished or
achieved. The whole set of words denotes concerted action to an end – the end
of avoiding tax._

...

The answer to the problem seems to their Lordships to lie in the opening words
of the section. They show that the section is not concerned with the motives
of individuals. It is not concerned with their desire to avoid tax, but only
with the means which they employ to do it. It affects every “contract,
agreement or arrangement” (which their Lordships will henceforward refer to
compendiously as “arrangement”) which has the purpose or effect of avoiding
tax. _In applying the section you must, by the very words of it, look at the
arrangement itself and see which is its effect – which it does – irrespective
of the motives of the persons who made it_. Williams J. put it well when he
said: “ _The purpose of a contract, agreement or arrangement must be what it
is intended to effect_ and that intention must be ascertained from its terms.
Those terms may be oral or written or may have to be inferred from the
circumstances but, when they have been ascertained, their purpose must be what
they effect.” _In order to bring the arrangement within the section you must
be able to predicate – by looking at the overt acts by which it was
implemented – that it was implemented in that particular way so as to avoid
tax_. If you cannot so predicate, but have to acknowledge that the
transactions are capable of explanation by reference to ordinary business or
family dealing, without necessarily being labelled as a means to avoid tax,
then the arrangement does not come within the section. ...

[emphasis in original underlined; emphasis added in italics]

72 Lord Denning’s approach in _Newton_ has since become known as the
“predication principle”. It requires the court to objectively determine the
tax avoidance purpose or effect of the arrangement in question with reference
to the terms of the arrangement and the manner in which it was implemented.
The motives of the parties to the arrangement are irrelevant. The objective
effect of the arrangement is paramount.

73 The Privy Council in _Sidney Boyd Ashton and another v Inland Revenue
Commissioner_ [1975] 1 WLR 1615 (“ _Ashton_ ”) applied the predication
principle in relation to s 108 of the Land and Income Tax Act 1954 (New
Zealand), which was the previous anti-avoidance provision then in force in New
Zealand and had the same words “purpose or effect” as s 33. Viscount Dilhorne
said (at 1621):

Their Lordships agree. _If an arrangement has a particular purpose, then that
will be its intended effect. If it has a particular effect, then that will be
its purpose_ and oral evidence to show that it has a different purpose or
different effect to that which is shown by the arrangement itself is
irrelevant to the determination of the question whether the arrangement has or
purports to have the purpose or effect of in any way altering the incidence of
income tax or relieving any person from his liability to pay income tax. ...
[emphasis added]

Hence, “purpose” and “effect” are treated as synonymous. Academic commentators
have acknowledged that the courts have interpreted these words synonymously:
see, _eg_ , John H Telfer, “General Anti-Tax Avoidance Provisions: the
Singapore Position and Australasian Comparisons” (1990) 32 Mal L R 311 (“
_Telfer_ ”) at pp 314–315. The chief focus is on the objective effect of the
arrangement in question.

74 The predication principle has since been applied in Australia in relation
to the subsequent Australian anti-avoidance provisions broadly similar to s 33
which had the same words “purpose or effect”: see, _eg_ , _Mobil Oil Australia
Ltd v Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth_ _of Australia_ [1966] AC
275 (“ _Mobil Oil_ ”); _George Hancock v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_
(1959–1961) 108 CLR 258; and _Peate v The Commissioner of Taxation of the
Commonwealth of Australia_ [1962–1964] 111 CLR 443 (“ _Peate_ ”). For example,
in _Mobil Oil_ , the provision in question was s 260 of the Income Tax and
Social Services Contribution Assessment Act, 1936–1960 (Cth), which was quoted
as follows (at 292):

260\. Contracts to evade tax void. ? Every contract, agreement, or arrangement
made or entered into, orally or in writing, whether before or after the
commencement of this Act, shall so far as it has or purports to have the
**_purpose or effect_** of in any way, directly or indirectly ? (_a_) altering
the incidence of any income tax; (_b_) relieving any person from liability to
pay any income tax or make any return; (_c_) defeating, evading, or avoiding
any duty or liability imposed on any person by this Act; or (_d_) preventing
the operation of this Act in any respect, be absolutely void, as against the
Commissioner, or in regard to any proceeding under this Act, but without
prejudice to such validity as it may have in any other respect or for any
other purpose. [emphasis added in bold italics]

The same provision was interpreted and applied in _Peate_.

75 The predication principle has also been applied in New Zealand in relation
to provisions that had the same words “purpose or effect” and were also
broadly similar to s 33: see, _eg_ , _Ashton_ ; _Owen Thomas Mangin v Inland
Revenue Commissioner_ [1971] AC 739; and _Europa Oil (NZ) Ltd v Inland Revenue
Commissioner_ [1976] 1 WLR 464 (“ _Europa Oil_ ”). For example, the provision
in _Ashton_ , namely, s 108 of the Land and Income Tax Act 1954 (New Zealand),
is as follows:

Every contract, agreement, or arrangement made or entered into, whether before
or after the commencement of this Act, shall be absolutely void in so far as,
directly or indirectly, it has or purports to have the _purpose or effect_ of
in any way altering the incidence of income tax, or relieving any person of
his liability to pay income tax. [emphasis added]

The same section after amendment was considered in _Europa Oil_ and is as
follows:

Every contract, agreement, or arrangement made or entered into, whether before
or after the commencement of this Act, shall be absolutely void as against the
Commissioner for income tax purposes in so far as, directly or indirectly, it
has or purports to have the _purpose or effect_ of in any way altering the
incidence of income tax, or relieving any person from his liability to pay
income tax. [emphasis added]

76 In my view, the predication principle should similarly apply to s 33(1) of
the Act. At any rate, the phrase “purpose or effect” in s 33 itself suggests
that an objective approach is required.

77 Hence, before the Comptroller may exercise his powers under s 33(1), he
must be satisfied that the purpose or effect of the arrangement in question is
one or more of the three consequences set out in sub-paras (_a_), (_b_) and
(_c_) of s 33(1). He reaches this conclusion through an examination of the
terms of the arrangement and the manner in which it is implemented, without
reference to the motives of the parties involved.

Application

78 Applying the approach above, does the Financing Arrangement fall within any
of the three limbs of s 33(1)? To succeed, the Comptroller must be able to
predicate, by looking at the overt acts in the Financing Arrangement, that it
was implemented in that particular way so as to achieve one or more of the
three consequences set out in sub-paras (_a_), (_b_) and (_c_) of s 33(1),
_viz_ :

(_a_) to alter the incidence of any tax which is payable by or which would
otherwise have been payable by any person;

(_b_) to relieve any person from any liability to pay tax or to make a return
under this Act; or

(_c_) to reduce or avoid any liability imposed or which would otherwise have
been imposed on any person by this Act,

79 Naturally, counsel for the Appellant argues that the Financing Arrangement
does not fall within any of the three limbs of s 33(1). His arguments are as
follows. Section 33(1) requires that there be a liability to pay tax. This
must refer to the _final amount computed to be payable_ to the Comptroller
after setting off the relevant s 44 tax credits against the tax payable on the
dividend income. On the facts, the final tax payable is precisely zero, which
means that there was _no liability to pay tax_ within the meaning of s 33(1)
in the first place. As such, s 33 cannot apply to the Financing Arrangement.
Counsel for the Appellant relied on the cases of _Rowdell Pty Limited v The
Commissioner of Taxation_ [1962–1963] 111 CLR 106 (“ _Rowdell_ ”) and _The
Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia v Patcorp
Investments Limited_ [1976] 140 CLR 247 (“ _Patcorp_ ”) to show that there is
_no tax liability_ on the dividend income for the purposes of applying s
33(1). According to counsel, the position he advocates is also consistent with
principle. Under the full imputation system, the tax on dividend income is
already prepaid by the company which pays out the dividends and is deemed to
have been paid by the shareholder receiving the dividends, such that there is
no further tax payable on the dividend income. Here, tax on the dividend
income received by the Appellant from the Subsidiaries has already been paid
by the Subsidiaries, and there is no tax payable by the Appellant on the
dividend income.

80 Counsel for the Comptroller on the other hand argues that all three limbs
of s 33(1) are satisfied on the facts. There was tax liability on the dividend
income pursuant to s 10(1)(_d_) of the Act. Section 46(1)(_a_) makes it clear
that the dividend income must be chargeable to tax before the tax credits
under the full imputation system may be set off against the tax charged on the
dividend income. The Financing Arrangement involved the Appellant borrowing
from [N Bank Singapore]. The Appellant incurred interest expenses which were
claimed as deductions to reduce the tax liability on its dividend income. As
such, all three limbs of s 33(1) were satisfied as the incidence of tax
payable by the Appellant on its dividend income was altered, the Appellant was
relieved from liability to pay tax on its dividend income and the Appellant
reduced or avoided tax liability imposed on its dividend income.

81 In my view, the Comptroller was not wrong in determining that the Financing
Arrangement fell within s 33(1), at least where s 33(1)(_c_) is concerned.

82 Section 33(1)(_c_) applies where the purpose or effect of the arrangement
in question is “to reduce or avoid any liability imposed or which would
otherwise have been imposed on any person by this Act”. These are words of
wide import, applying even where there is no pre-existing liability to pay
tax. It was noted in Tan Wee Liang, “Tax Avoidance and Section 33 of the
Income Tax Act” (1989) Mal L R 78 at p 93 that the words of the section “pre-
empt any argument that an arrangement is only caught under the section where
the arrangement avoids or displaces an existing tax liability”. Such an
argument was considered in _Newton_.

83 The Privy Council in _Newton_ interpreted the words “liability imposed on
any person” and “avoiding” in s 260(_c_) of the Commonwealth of Australia
Income Tax and Social Services Contribution Assessment Act, 1936–1951 (Cth).
Counsel for the taxpayer, Sir Garfield Barwick, argued that the words
“liability imposed on any person” meant a liability which had already accrued
and the word “avoid” meant displace, and submitted that in order for an
arrangement to be impugned under s 260(_c_), it had to be an arrangement which
sought to displace a liability which had already come home to a taxpayer in
respect of income which had already been derived by him. The Privy Council
rejected the submission. Lord Denning said (at 464):

... Their Lordships cannot accept this submission. They are clearly of opinion
that the word “avoid” is used in its ordinary sense – in the sense in which a
person is said to avoid something which is about to happen to him. He takes
steps to get out of the way of it. It is this meaning of “avoid” which gives
the clue to the meaning of “liability imposed”. To “avoid a liability imposed”
on you means to take steps to get out of the reach of a liability which is
about to fall on you. If the submission of Sir Garfield Barwick were accepted,
it would deprive the words of any effect: for no one can displace a liability
to tax which has already accrued due, or in respect of income which has
already been derived. ...

The words “any liability … which would otherwise have been imposed” in s
33(1)(_c_) similarly preclude the sort of argument raised by Sir Garfield
Barwick in _Newton_. Hence, s 33(1)(_c_) applies where an arrangement has the
purpose or effect of reducing or avoiding any liability which is already
accrued, yet to accrue, or would have accrued but for the arrangement.

84 Counsel for the Appellant submits that there was no relevant tax liability
for the purposes of s 33(1) because of the way the full imputation system
works (see above at [79]). In counsel’s view, under the full imputation
system, the shareholder who receives franked dividends is not liable to pay
tax on the dividend income because the tax payable on the dividend income is
already prepaid by the company which pays out the franked dividends and is
hence deemed to have been paid by the shareholder. Hence, counsel concludes
that the Appellant was not liable in the first place to pay tax on the
dividend income generated by its receipt of the franked dividends.

85 With respect, counsel’s view on this point is a distortion of the full
imputation system and the tax collection process. Under the full imputation
system, what was initially collected as tax from the company franking the
dividends was _not a tax on dividend income_ eventually declared and paid out
to the shareholder, but rather tax on the company’s _corporate profits_. This
tax collected was then credited to the company’s s 44 account as a tax credit.
When the company eventually declared and franked dividends payable to the
shareholder, the dividend income in the hands of the shareholder first became
chargeable to tax. It was only _after_ the dividend income had been charged to
tax that, _for collection purposes_ , the s 44 tax credits were set off
against the tax charged on the dividend income. An examination of s 46(1) of
the Act will bear this out.

86 Hence, applying the proper approach set out in the preceding paragraph, the
correct reasoning and conclusion must be as follows. The Appellant was paid
franked dividends by the Subsidiaries. Pursuant to s 10(1)(_d_), income tax
was payable in respect of the dividend income received by the Appellant, less
allowable deductions and allowances (if any). Hence, contrary to what counsel
for the Appellant submits (see above at [79]), _there was relevant tax
liability_ for the purposes of s 33(1). It is only after tax has first been
charged on the dividend income that s 46(1)(_a_) enables the Appellant to set
off the s 44 tax credits against the income tax payable on the dividend
income. The Appellant paid interest to [N Bank Singapore] in respect of the
Notes issued pursuant to the Financing Arrangement. The interest expenses are
claimed by the Appellant as deductions pursuant to s 14(1)(_a_)(i) against its
dividend income. Without the interest expenses, the whole dividend income
would be subject to tax. With the interest expenses, the dividend income less
the interest expenses is subject to tax, so that the amount of tax charged is
lower. As such, by generating interest expenses which are claimed as
deductions against dividend income, the Financing Arrangement had the purpose
and effect of reducing or avoiding a liability imposed by the Act, namely, the
total tax chargeable on the dividend income. Without the interest expenses,
there would have been more tax charged on the dividend income.

87 In the light of the above, I am not inclined to follow _Rowdell_ and
_Patcorp_. The Court of Appeal in _JD Ltd_ at [32] has cautioned against
reliance on foreign decisions in interpreting local tax statutes and suggested
that such reliance is appropriate only where the corresponding foreign tax
statutes are identical or very similar. Both _Rowdell_ and _Patcorp_ involved
Australian statutory provisions providing for tax rebates on dividends which
have no direct local equivalent. While the broad mechanics of the dividend
rebate system under s 46 of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1936 (Cth) (“ITAA”)
in _Rowdell_ and _Patcorp_ and the franking dividend system under s 44 of the
Act are similar, the express words and structure of s 46 of the ITAA and s 44
of the Act are totally different. At best, the reasoning in _Rowdell_ and
_Patcorp_ only supports the Appellant’s entitlement to the franked dividends
and the accompanying tax credits; it does not support the legitimacy of the
Financing Arrangement. The courts in both cases did not have to engage in the
application of s 260 of the ITAA with much rigour or depth, but instead
focused on the proper scope and application of the other Australian statutory
provisions relating to tax rebates. Importantly, the courts in both cases did
not explicitly consider whether the transactions in question fell within any
of the limbs of s 260(1) of the ITAA, which is the issue here in the context
of s 33(1). The courts did not interpret any of the limbs of s 260(1) of the
ITAA. At any rate, the facts of _Rowdell_ and _Patcorp_ are distinguishable
from the facts of the present case.

88 Quite apart from reducing the total tax chargeable on the dividend income
of the Appellant by incurring interest expenses, the Financing Arrangement
also had the effect of avoiding another liability that would have been imposed
but for the Financing Arrangement: namely, the liability of [C] to bear
withholding tax for the interest payments that it received.

89 [C] is a non-resident company based in Malaysia. Interest that is earned by
[C] under any loan provided by [C] to a person resident in Singapore (_eg_ ,
the Appellant) would be Singapore-sourced income. Pursuant to s 10(1)(_d_)
read with s 12(6) of the Act, tax is payable in respect of such interest
income. The withholding tax provision under s 45 facilitates the collection of
tax payable from non-residents on their Singapore-sourced interest income.
Hence, pursuant to s 45, any person resident in Singapore who is liable to pay
[C] any interest that is chargeable to tax (_eg_ , under loans made by [C] to
that person) would have to deduct withholding tax at the prevailing rates from
the interest payable to [C] and pass that withholding tax over to the
Comptroller.

90 Under the Financing Arrangement, [N Bank Singapore] subscribed for the
Notes from the Appellant. [N Bank Singapore] then detached the Interest
Coupons and sold the Principal Notes and paid interest under CPO1 to [N Bank
Mauritius], after receiving interest payments from the Appellant under the
Interest Coupons. [N Bank Mauritius] in turn sold the Principal Notes and paid
interest under CPO2 to [C]. Ultimately, [C] bought the Principal Notes and
received the interest payable under CPO2. However, since the payor of the
interest was [N Bank Mauritius] and not a person resident in Singapore, s 45
of the Act did not apply; no withholding tax was ever deducted from the
interest paid in a chain from the Appellant to [C] through [N Bank Singapore]
and [N Bank Mauritius]. The key steps in the Financing Arrangement which
allowed [C] to avoid liability to pay withholding tax were the detachment of
the Interest Coupons from the Notes, the interposition of [N Bank Singapore]
and [N Bank Mauritius] in the chain of interest payments and the use of CPO1
and CPO2.

91 Counsel for the Appellant strenuously emphasises that the splitting of
interest and principal on debt “has long been a normal aspect of commercial
financing transactions”, citing the Canadian Federal Court of Appeal’s
observation in _Lehigh Cement Limited v Her Majesty The Queen_ [2010] FCA 124
at [30]. While I accept this general proposition, I am unable to agree with
counsel’s conclusion that the splitting of the interest and principal on the
debt in the present case is fully legitimate and did not constitute tax
avoidance. The fact is that the detachment of the Interest Coupons from the
Notes allowed [C] to avoid withholding tax. If [N Bank Singapore] subscribed
for the Notes but the Interest Coupons were not detached from the Notes before
the Notes were sold onwards from [N Bank Singapore] to [C] through [N Bank
Mauritius], the Appellant would have had to deduct withholding tax from the
interest it had to pay under the Interest Coupons to [C]. Alternatively, if
[C] had _directly_ subscribed for the Notes from the Appellant, the Appellant
would also have had to deduct withholding tax from the interest that it would
have to pay to [C] under the Interest Coupons. The withholding tax so deducted
would have been payable to the Comptroller. Hence, by interposing [N Bank
Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius], the Financing Arrangement had the effect of
enabling [C] to receive the full interest payments without being liable to pay
withholding tax at all.

92 Given that I find that the Financing Arrangement falls within s 33(1)(_c_),
there is no need to determine whether ss 33(1)(_a_) and (1)(_b_) applied on
the facts and I express no opinion on the same.

Whether the Financing Arrangement fell within the statutory exception under s
33(3)(_b_)

Interpreting s 33(3)(b) – relevant principles

93 To avail itself of the statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_), the
Appellant must show that the Financing Arrangement was “carried out for bona
fide commercial reasons and had not as one of its main purposes the avoidance
or reduction of tax”.

94 From a plain reading of s 33(3)(_b_), it is clear that the taxpayer seeking
to avail itself of s 33(3)(_b_) bears the onus of proving two elements.
Firstly, it must prove that the arrangement in question was carried out for
_bona fide_ commercial reasons. Secondly, it must prove that the same
arrangement had not as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of
tax.

95 Counsel for the Appellant argues that the first element is concerned with
the subjective reasons of the taxpayer for entering into and carrying out the
arrangement in question and supports his arguments by referring to various
English cases that I will consider later in this judgment. In contrast,
counsel for the Comptroller argues that both elements must be interpreted as
importing objective tests such that the subjective motivations of the taxpayer
are irrelevant. He rejects the suggestion that the first and second elements
should be interpreted as subjective and objective respectively on the ground
that it is difficult to read s 33(3)(_b_) as such and reconcile the subjective
first element with the objective second element.

96 In determining the proper interpretation of s 33(3)(_b_), one must start
from the plain and ordinary meaning of the words of s 33(3)(_b_). The first
element refers to “bona fide commercial reasons”. The word “reasons” is used,
not “purpose” or “effect” as in s 33(1) which have already been interpreted to
import an objective test (see above at [71]–[76]). The phrase “ _bona fide_ ”
is a Latin expression meaning “good faith” or “honest intention”. Hence, the
_prima facie_ conclusion derived from a plain reading and construal of the
ordinary meaning of the phrase “bona fide commercial reasons” must be that the
taxpayer’s subjective reasons are considered under the first element. With
regard to the second element, the word “purpose” by itself _prima facie_
suggests that an objective approach should be adopted.

97 Turning to the relevant foreign authorities, it should be noted that the
Australian and New Zealand anti-avoidance provisions do not have statutory
exceptions similar to s 33(3)(_b_).

98 However, s 33(3)(_b_) bears a resemblance to s 28 of the United Kingdom’s
Finance Act 1960 (c 44) (UK) (“the Finance Act 1960”), the relevant part of
which is as follows:

**28\. —(1**) Where —

(_a_) in any such circumstances as are mentioned in the next following
subsection, and

(_b_) in consequence of a transaction in securities or of the combined effect
of two or more such transactions,

a person is in a position to obtain, or has obtained, a tax advantage, then
_unless he shows_ that the transaction or transactions were carried out either
for _bona fide commercial reasons_ or in the ordinary course of making or
managing investments, _and that_ none of them had as their _main object, or
one of their main objects, to enable tax advantages to be obtained_ , this
section shall apply to him in respect of that transaction or those
transactions: ...

[emphasis added]

99 The House of Lords in _Inland Revenue Commissioners v Brebner_ [1967] 2 AC
18 (“ _Brebner_ ”) interpreted and applied that provision. In _Brebner_ , the
taxpayer was a director of a company which had been supplying coal to trawlers
at appropriate discounts for many years. An offer was made to acquire the
shares of the company. The taxpayer and five other shareholders outbid the
offer because they were interested in keeping the company under their control
as it supplied coal to their trawlers at discounted prices which discount
would cease if they lost that control. Their offer was accepted by the
majority of the company’s shareholders and, by borrowing money from a bank,
the six of them carried through the purchase. Subsequently, the company’s
capital was reduced by making capital repayments to the taxpayer and the five
shareholders who used these capital repayments to repay in part the loan from
the bank. The cash thus extracted from the company was not liable to tax. A
notice under s 28 of the Finance Act 1960 was served on the taxpayer and the
five shareholders. In reaching their conclusion that the transaction was
carried out for _bona fid_ e commercial reasons and did not have as one of its
main objects the obtaining of tax advantages, the House of Lords construed the
word “object” in s 28(1) of the Finance Act 1960. Lord Pearce said (at 27):

_The “object” which has to be considered is a subjective matter of intention_.
It cannot be narrowed down to a mere object of a company divorced from the
directors who govern its policy or the shareholders who are concerned in and
vote in favour of the resolutions for the increase and reduction of capital.
For the company, as such, and apart from these, cannot form an intention. Thus
_the object is a subjective matter to be derived in this case from the
intentions and acts of the various members of the group. And it would be quite
unrealistic and not in accordance with the subsection to suppose that their
object has to be ascertained in isolation at each step in the arrangements_.

[emphasis added]

This dictum of Lord Pearce was subsequently applied by Goff J in _Addy v
Commissioners of Inland Revenue_ 51 TC 71 at 81 and Fox J in _Clark v Inland
Revenue Commissioners_ [1979] 1 All ER 385 at 395 (“Clark”).

100 Lord Upjohn said in _Brebner_ (at 30):

... I agree that _the question whether one of the main objects is to obtain a
tax advantage is subjective, that is, a matter of the intention of the
parties_ , and, as Lord Greene M.R. pointed out in _Crown Bedding Co. Ltd. v.
Inland Revenue Commissioners_ , is essentially a task for the Special
Commissioners unless the relevant Act has made it objective (and that is not
suggested here).

My Lords, in the First Division the Lord President, delivering the first
judgment, with which the other Lords of Session agreed, put it in a nutshell
when he said:

“The issue raised in the case is a pure question of fact and from the facts
found proved by the Special Commissioners there was ample evidence on which
they could find as they did. The question which the Special Commissioners had
to determine was what was the object in the mind of the respondent in entering
into the transactions in question, and this is essentially a matter of fact
and of inference for the commissioners.”

With this I wholly agree.

My Lords, I would only conclude my speech by saying, _when the question of
carrying out a genuine commercial transaction, as this was, is reviewed, the
fact that there are two ways of carrying it out – one by paying the maximum
amount of tax, the other by paying no, or much less, tax – it would be quite
wrong, as a necessary consequence, to draw the inference that, in adopting the
latter course, one of the main objects is, for the purposes of the section,
avoidance of tax_. No commercial man in his senses is going to carry out a
commercial transaction except upon the footing of paying the smallest amount
of tax that he can. _The question whether in fact one of the main objects was
to avoid tax is one for the Special Commissioners to decide upon a
consideration of all the relevant evidence before them and the proper
inferences to be drawn from that evidence._

[emphasis in original underlined; emphasis added in italics]

101 Fox J made important observations in _Clark_ (at 395):

Now it is not in dispute that the transaction was, in every respect, bona
fide. _The only issue is whether it was carried out for commercial reasons. In
deciding that, one must, I think, look at the transaction in the context of
all the circumstances which gave rise to it_. Looked at by itself, the reason
for the sale of the Highland shares, from Robin’s point of view, was simply to
obtain money. But one cannot, I think, just look at the sale in isolation. It
must be considered against the background of the facts which gave rise to it
and, in particular, of the circumstances which set the whole matter in motion,
which was Robin’s intended purchase of Lower Penn Farm. [emphasis added]

This was adopted and applied by the Special Commissioner in _Trevor G Lloyd v
Revenue and Customs Commissioners_ [2008] STC 681, who observed (at [7]):

The issues for me are first whether the Transaction was carried out for bona
fide commercial reasons; it is not whether it was a bona fide commercial
transaction, which is more objective. Secondly, whether its main object (or
one of its main objects) was to enable the tax advantage to be obtained.
_Reasons are subjective reasons why the Transaction was carried out; the
object (which I equate with purpose) is what the Transaction hoped to achieve.
In looking at these I am bound to look at the transaction in its context_. ...
[emphasis added]

102 In the light of the above, I am of the view that s 33(3)(_b_) of the Act
should be interpreted as importing a subjective test which requires an inquiry
into the subjective reasons of the taxpayer for carrying out the arrangement
in question. I appreciate that the particular provisions interpreted and
applied in the English cases cited above are not identical to s 33(3)(_b_)
even though they are broadly similar, and, in fact, the word “object” is used
in s 28 of the Finance Act 1960 instead of the word “purpose” which is used in
s 33(3)(_b_). Nevertheless, the English cases are helpful in that the adoption
of their approach would advance what I consider to be the purpose of the local
provision.

103 In my view, the above interpretation of s 33(3)(_b_) is consistent with
both Parliament’s intention and the structure and intended operation of s 33.
At the Second Reading, the Minister for Finance repeatedly emphasised that s
33 is intended to only catch deliberate and blatant tax avoidance arrangements
and is not meant to affect normal legitimate commercial transactions
(_Singapore Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (13 January 1988) vol
50 at cols 357–359 and 365–366):

Section 33 of the Act is repealed and re-enacted by clause 7 to clarify and
define instances whereby a transaction will be deemed as factitious for tax
purposes. It empowers the Comptroller to disregard and make adjustments to
certain arrangements which are carried out for the purpose of tax avoidance
and not principally for bona fide commercial reasons.

...

In assessing whether a particular scheme would fall under the ambit of section
33, the Inland Revenue Department would, among other things, look for the
presence of artificiality, the interposing of various intermediaries or
transactions to reduce or avoid tax and transfer pricing. _It should be
stressed that the aim is to reduce blatant or contrived tax avoidance
arrangements and is not intended to affect normal commercial transactions._
...

...

... I would like to reiterate that _the sole objective of the amendment is to
curb the proliferation of blatant tax avoidance schemes in Singapore and is
not intended to affect normal commercial transactions_.

...

... I would first like to reassure Members and the public at large that _it is
not the intention of this new amendment to penalize legitimate commercial
transactions nor, for that matter, legitimate tax planning proposals put up by
companies_. It is perfectly proper for a company to set up its accounts to
reduce the incidence of taxes.

_The objective is to give the Comptroller powers which he does not have at the
moment – to stop blatant tax avoidance schemes_ , the numbers of which have
increased despite what the Member for Radin Mas has suggested that there have
been hardly any cases in the last two decades. ...

...

Furthermore, there are adequate safeguards provided under the amendment which
are to be found in the judicial interpretations of legislations having similar
wordings such as in New Zealand and Australia, for there is a considerable
body of case law on which we can rely for the purpose of construing the
proposed section 33. One of the principles which has emerged is that _the
provision will not apply to bona fide transactions even if these result in tax
savings where such savings are incidental to the transactions. On the other
hand, the provisions will apply to transactions where payment of tax is
avoided through deliberate and artificial tax avoidance arrangements_.

[emphasis added]

As shown above, the Minister’s concern was that s 33 might impugn legitimate
and normal commercial transactions. This supports a subjective approach
towards s 33(3)(_b_).

104 Looking at the structure of s 33, it is clear that s 33(3)(_b_) was meant
to be a statutory exception and a counterweight to the potentially wide-
ranging application of s 33(1), which has already been interpreted to import a
purely objective test (see above at [76]). If full effect is to be given to s
33(3)(_b_) as a statutory exception against the potential overreach of s
33(1), s 33(3)(_b_) should be interpreted as importing a subjective test. I
believe that this interpretation of s 33 strikes a proper balance between the
rights and concerns of taxpayers and the Comptroller.

105 To summarise, a taxpayer seeking to avail itself of the statutory
exception under s 33(3)(_b_) must prove two elements. Firstly, it must prove
that the arrangement in question was carried out for _bona fide_ commercial
reasons. The taxpayer’s reasons for carrying out the arrangement is a
subjective matter of fact that is determined by drawing the appropriate
inferences and reaching the appropriate conclusion after considering all the
relevant evidence, which includes but is not limited to the relevant
contemporaneous documents, the manner in which the arrangement was carried out
and the testimonies of the relevant witnesses on the stand. Secondly, it must
prove that the same arrangement had not as one of its main purposes the
avoidance or reduction of tax. Whether any of the main purposes of the
arrangement was to avoid or reduce tax is a subjective matter of intention to
be determined after a consideration of all the relevant evidence, which
includes but is not limited to those examples cited earlier. For both
elements, all the relevant circumstances of the case are considered, and the
arrangement is considered in the context of those circumstances. For example,
the testimony of a witness might be that the arrangement in question was
carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and not for the purpose of
avoiding or reducing tax, but the manner in which the arrangement was carried
out and the contemporaneous documents for the various transactions within the
arrangement might lead one to disbelieve the witness and reach the opposite
conclusion. Everything depends on a holistic evaluation of all the relevant
evidence.

106 I now turn to apply these principles to the present case.

Whether the Financing Arrangement was carried out for bona fide commercial
reasons and had not as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of
tax

107 The Appellant’s position is that the Board failed to give the appropriate
weight to the evidence before it, which clearly supported the view that the
Financing Agreement was carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and had
not as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax. Counsel for
the Comptroller argues conversely that the Board had more than sufficient
evidence to reach its finding that the Financing Arrangement was not carried
out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and had as one of its main purposes the
avoidance or reduction of tax.

108 The Board concluded that the Financing Arrangement was “artificial” and
“contrived” and was not carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and had
as one of its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax.[note: 55] It
did so on the basis of a different interpretation of s 33(3)(_b_). It seems
that the Board interpreted s 33(3)(_b_) as importing a fully objective test
(see the Decision at [96]–[99]), in contrast to the proper approach canvassed
above. That being the case, I need to consider whether, on a proper
interpretation and application of s 33(3)(_b_), the evidence before the Board
nevertheless leads to the reasonable conclusion that the Financing Arrangement
was carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and did not have as one of
its main purposes the avoidance or reduction of tax.

109 The affidavit and testimony of [L], the chief financial officer and a
director of [B], the holding company of the Appellant, must be the starting
point as they are crucial in determining whether the Appellant carried out the
Financing Arrangement for _bona fide_ commercial reasons and not with a main
purpose of avoiding or reducing tax.

110 Counsel for the Appellant points out[note: 56]repeatedly that [L] stated
in his affidavit that the primary purpose of consolidating the Subsidiaries
under the Appellant was to restructure and streamline the previously
cumbersome holding structure for the Subsidiaries,[note: 57] so as to reduce
operational inefficiencies, reorganise the Subsidiaries according to their
lines of businesses[note: 58] and let the Subsidiaries avail themselves of
group relief.[note: 59] Counsel also referred to [L’s] testimony on the stand
that the previous group structure was cumbersome in that, for example, [F],
[G] and [H] had to pay one Singapore company and one Malaysian company
whenever they decided to pay dividends.[note: 60] Counsel also referred to the
announcement made by [B] to the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange where the same was
said regarding the purpose of the restructuring, namely, that it was to put in
place a simpler corporate structure and allow the Subsidiaries to obtain group
relief.[note: 61] On this basis, counsel argues that the Board was wrong to
conclude that the Financing Arrangement was not carried out for _bona fide_
commercial reasons on the evidence adduced.

111 I am unable to agree with counsel. The evidence referred to by counsel
only serves to prove what is not in dispute: namely, that the _restructuring_
of the [B] group was done for _bona fide_ commercial reasons, which include
streamlining the corporate structure and taking advantage of group relief.
There is nothing wrong _per se_ with the restructuring. The Board itself noted
the legitimacy of the restructuring in its Decision at [104]. Indeed, the
Comptroller does not and cannot dispute this. What the Comptroller sought to
impugn was the _Financing Arrangement_ , which involves [N Bank Singapore] and
[N Bank Mauritius] in the restructuring. The Financing Arrangement is
separable from the restructuring exercise of the [B] group. It would be wrong
to conflate both of them and attribute the _bona fide_ commercial reasons for
the latter to the former. It must be noted that the evidence referred to by
counsel does not prove that the Financing Arrangement, as distinct from the
restructuring of the [B] group itself, was done for _bona fide_ commercial
reasons. Counsel for the Appellant has failed to prove that the Financing
Arrangement was carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons.

112 In this regard, counsel for the Comptroller refers to various parts of
[L’s] testimony on the stand which, I agree, show that the Appellant did not
carry out the Financing Arrangement for _bona fide_ commercial reasons.

113 [L] stated in his affidavit that the [B] group already had the money to
buy back their own “bonds”,[note: 62] (_ie_ , the Notes issued by the
Appellant to [N Bank Singapore]). Under cross-examination, [L] confirmed that
the group was capable of financing the restructuring and it was not necessary
to involve [N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius] in the restructuring
through the Financing Arrangement:[note: 63]

Q[L], I’m going to bring you now to paragraph 43 of your affidavit.

AMy affidavit?

QYes.

ASure. Okay.

QIn paragraph 43, you stated that:

[Reads] “... we had the money to buy back our own bonds”---I---so bonds here
refer to the fixed rate notes---“from internal funds within the [B]
group”---as there was---“as there were not suitable investment opportunities
in cement and related industries at that time.”

_Do_ _you agree with me that the [B] group, based on this statement that you
have made actually had the funds to buy back the fixed rate notes?_

A _Er, yes_ , in---in any reorganisation, Your Honour, you know, er, we will
be transferring the investment, er from one company to another. And also some
of the companies will then be the one making payment into another---another
company within the group. And the other company will then be, er, the company
that receive the funds. So, you know, and so those company that receive the
funds into the organisation then will have the funds to invest elsewhere.

QSo you had the funds, you could have financed the---technically I put it to
you that you could have financed the whole reorganisation without involving [N
Bank Singapore]?

AThat, well, I---I think that how the organisation---how the--- the Singapore
investment is structured, er, there are---there are obviously, er, different
ways to---to structure the---the organisation. And as I have said, you know,
so---and we decided to---to, er---go, to use the [N Bank] proposal. It’s
because it’s actually, er, meets the three objectives, er, which is the
restructuring of the---of the, er, legal structure, it is Singapore legal
structure, they enable us to claim the [group] tax relief and also to enable
the tax asset to be returned to the ultimate shareholder.

QNo, [L], I’m actually asking you, because you mention that you had money to
buy back your own fixed rate notes from internal funds within the group,
right. Technically the group itself could have financed the whole Singapore
reorganisation without the involvement of [N Bank]. I mean, I know that they
---I mean, [N Bank]--- I mean, there--- there are three objectives that [N
Bank] has presented that you’ll be able to achieve but based on this
statement, do you agree that you---there was actually technically no need to
involve [N Bank] because you could have [done] the financing yourself within
the group?

AWell, technically there---there are, er, many ways of doing it.

QYes. So do you agree with me?

AI mean, this---this---these were one of the---the---well, you---you can say
that---that---that technically that can be one of the ways that we can do it.

Q _So you would also agree with me that it was not necessary to involve [N
Bank Singapore] in the Singapore reorganisation?_

ABut it---there---there can be many ways of how---how---and many ways how you
want to reorganise the---

Q[L], I just need a yes or no answer from you. I---

A _Yes, yes._

[emphasis added in italics]

114 As suggested in the excerpt set out immediately above, [L] had previously
testified during his examination-in-chief that there were three objectives in
carrying out the restructuring and the Financing Arrangement, namely:

(a) to simplify the corporate structure;

(b) to claim group tax relief; and

(c) to have the “tax assets” residing in the Subsidiaries returned to
[B].[note: 64]

When further questioned by the Chairperson of the Board, [L] actually admitted
that [N Bank] was involved in the restructuring mainly to achieve the third
objective, _ie_ , to return the “tax assets” represented by the tax credits in
the s 44 accounts of the Subsidiaries to their ultimate holding company,
[B]:[note: 65]

Chairperson: |  May I just ask a question? How would involving [N Bank] serve these three objectives? Maybe can you explain?  
---|---  
Witness: |  Er, Your Honour the---because this---the [Appellant], er, well, is the holding company, right. And this holding company---  
Chairperson: |  You’re talking about the appellant, right? The H is appellant. H is appellant.  
Witness: |  No, I--- H is the appellant, yes, yah.  
Chairperson: |  Yes.  
Witness: |  H is appellant.  
Chairperson: |  Okay.  
Witness: |  You know, the---the---the appellant will be the company, er, where all the Singapore subsidiaries be housed under [the Appellant]. And so for [the Appellant], er, er, to be able to acquire those investment, he needs funds. Yah, you need to have the funds to---to acquire all these Singapore investments. So, er, or one of the way then is for [the Appellant], er, to---to borrow---to borrow money to acquire this investment. _So when you borrow money to acquire the investment then [the Appellant], er, will in---in the process of borrowing the money as in being able to incur, er, the interest expense, you know. So, er, er---and so that when [the Appellant] received the dividend from the investments, you know, then the interest expenses may be set up against the dividend and that’s where the---er, the---the tax asset that I was saying will then be able to return, er, ultimately, er, to, er, [B], you know, which is the ultimately shareholder of all these Singapore investments_.  
Chairperson: |  _So essentially it’s to serve this, the third objective, is it?_  
Witness: |  _That’s correct, yes._  
Chairperson: |  It doesn’t serve---  
Yap: |  Your Honour, may I cont---  
Chairperson: |  It doesn’t serve the other two objectives, right, which is to simplify the structure. And the second objective is to enable Singapore companies to obtain tax relief on any of the companies.  
Witness: |  Well---  
Chairperson: |  _It doesn’t serve those two---it doesn’t serve those two objectives, right? Only the third objective?_  
Witness: |  _Yes, this_ \---  
Chairperson: |  _Am I correct?_  
Witness: |  Specifically you---you---yah, _you’ll be correct to say that, er, Your Honour._  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

115 Counsel for the Appellant argues that counsel for the Comptroller took
[L’s] evidence in the above excerpt out of context and was wrong to say that
[L] had admitted that the Financing Arrangement was entered to avoid or reduce
tax when in fact, in the opinion of counsel, the excerpt merely confirms [N
Bank Singapore’s] role, which was to lend the funds needed for the Appellant
to acquire all the Subsidiaries and a consequence of this lending was the
incurring of interest expenses which could be set off against the dividend
income. I am unable to accept counsel’s interpretation of the evidence here.
It is clear from the excerpt above that the Chairperson was focusing on
whether the main objective of the Financing Agreement was for the extraction
of the tax credits in the Subsidiaries’ s 44 accounts. In response, [L]
admitted in no uncertain terms that the main objective of the Financing
Arrangement was indeed to extract the tax credits in the Subsidiaries’ s 44
accounts.

116 Counsel for the Appellant also points[note: 66] to various parts of [L’s]
evidence which suggest that the restructuring would have taken place anyway
regardless of the changes to the tax regime in Singapore through the
introduction of group relief and the transition from the full imputation
system to the one-tier corporate tax system. [L] did state the same in his
affidavit,[note: 67] cross-examination[note: 68] and re-examination.[note: 69]
However, once again, this evidence only shows that the _restructuring_ might
not have been done solely because of the need to obtain group tax relief and
tax benefits under the full imputation system, and can shed little if any
light on the reasons underlying the Financing Arrangement (in this regard, see
also above at [111]). I am unable to appreciate the significance of this
evidence in determining whether the _Financing Arrangement_ was entered into
for _bona fide_ commercial reasons.

117 In fact, in the very same excerpt from [L’s] re-examination cited by
counsel for the Appellant in support of his point that the restructuring would
have gone ahead without the changes in the tax regime in Singapore, [L]
effectively said that he chose to enter into the Financing Arrangement in
order to “recover the tax asset” represented by the tax credits in the
Subsidiaries’ s 44 accounts:[note: 70]

QYes. And then we come to the point that’s, you know, the question of your
three objectives. Briefly, one was the reorganisation, two was the group tax
relief and third was the section 44. Can you tell the Board, you know, the
sequence of how these things affected your thinking?

AOkay. Your Honour, I---I just want to make the point that, you know, it’s---
it’s not like, er, you know, we---we did not even think about the
reorganisation, did not even have on our mind that there’s a need to do
reorganisation. And then [N Bank] came to us, “We have proposal to---to---to
save---to extract tax credit”, it was done like that, you know. _So we---it’s
already at our---in---in---in my mind that we had to do this reorganisation,
you know, with or without this change to single tier system, you know._ And
because I have said, you know, the---the---_the first thing that I want to do
because of this history which resulted in such a---a---a structure of 50-50,
one in Malaysia and one in Singapore but I have to do it, you know. So I can
do it---I can do it later, you know, based in the terms of reorganisation_.
But---so---so that’s why I did the other part earlier and this Singapore
reorganisation _I did not work on---work on it until in 2003. Now why 2003?
It’s because the Singapore Government introduced the group tax relief but I
couldn’t wait any longer._ Because if the minute I wait any longer and, like I
said this morning, if any of the subsidiaries suffered losses then, er, I will
be asked the question, “Why you did not do it, you know, because you did not
do the reorganisation, you are not able to claim the group tax relief”, you
know. So in terms of sequence, this is---this is what happened, you know.
_Then, er, with these two reasons, I have to then start to explore what is the
best way to do the reorganisation._ Now, I could have, er, you know, do it in
a way, for example, er, inject the assets into [the Appellant] by way of, er,
share issue, right. That means there’s no cash to be involved, just---just
inject the assets in [the Appellant] and then issue shares to---to, er, [B].”
Or I could do a---a inter-company loan, right, from [B] and then the---and---
and then the---adjust in the interest bearing, er, alone [_sic_] [loan] and
then I could still claim the---claim the interest deduction. _But the, er, [N
Bank’s] proposal, you know, er, allows us, er, to achieve all the three
objectives which is, as I said, the reorganisation, if we do group tax relief
and then, er, enable to recover the tax asset that’s sitting in this Singapore
investments, you know. That’s why, er, we have chosen, you know, this---this,
er---the---the---the proposal from [N Bank] compared to the various options
that we---that we---we may have._

QWhat---what was your thinking with regard to this tax asset that was in the
---in the subsidiaries? What---what---

AWell, I---the---the---

QI mean, it was an asset there for you to be used. I mean, it was---

AYah, yah, and also, I mean, so my---_my understanding is that, you know, the,
er, the tax credit, er, er, it was came about because when the subsidiary
companies make a profit so they pay a tax, right, so, you know, there’s a tax
credit and so that actually belong to the company and---and, er, and that’s
where when---when we, er, sought the tax opinion and so on, it---it basically
means that the, er, you know, er, we should---we should, er, try to recover
the tax credit_. Now, as a CFO, er, of the company, if I know that there’s
such a tax asset in the Singapore investment holding company, if I chose the
structure that actually, er, basically, you know, er, not doing anything to
recover the tax asset then I were told I would have failed in my duty as a
CFO.

[emphasis added]

118 In the above excerpt, [L] was asked for his train of thought in relation
to the three objectives mentioned earlier (see above at [114]) which led him
to decide to enter into the Financing Arrangement with [N Bank]. [L] said that
he would have done the restructuring with or without the change from the full
imputation system to the single-tier corporate tax system. The first objective
for the restructuring that came to him was to get rid of the previous
cumbersome corporate structure where [F], [G] and [H] were held in equal
shares by one Malaysian company and one Singaporean company. When group tax
relief was introduced in 2003, that provided him with the second objective for
the restructuring and the impetus from this led him to seriously explore the
best way to carry out the restructuring. He considered several ways to do the
restructuring, but chose to accept [N Bank’s] proposal because it could not
only achieve the first two objectives, but also a third objective, which was
to recover the “tax asset” sitting in the Subsidiaries.

119 It is hence apparent that before [L] explored the various ways to
implement the restructuring, he knew that he would have gone ahead with or
without the changes in the full imputation system, and at the time when he
started exploring the options, he had basically _two objectives_ in his mind
for the restructuring, which was to streamline the corporate structure and
obtain group tax relief. However, when [N Bank] came to him with the proposal
for the Financing Arrangement, he realised that it could allow him to achieve
not only those two objectives but a _third_ _objective_ , _ie_ , to recover
the “tax assets” sitting in the Subsidiaries which are the tax credits in
their s 44 accounts, and this was the reason why he chose to carry out the
Financing Arrangement instead of the various other options. Hence, it seems
that the Appellant chose to enter into the Financing Arrangement for the
purpose of recovering the tax credits.

120 I now turn to examine the contemporaneous documents. The “proposal”
referred to by [L] in his re-examination was a paper titled “[B] Fixed Rate
Notes Financing Structure” (“the [N Bank] Discussion Paper”).[note: 71] The
Board relied upon it to hold that there was no commercial justification for
the Financing Arrangement apart from the obtaining of tax benefits. Counsel
for the Appellant argues that the Board should not have relied upon the [N
Bank] Discussion Paper because it was prepared by [N Bank] and does not shed
light on the reasons or motivations of the Appellant or the [B] group in
entering into the Financing Arrangement and instead only reflected [N Bank’s]
intentions and objectives.[note: 72]

121 With respect, I am unable to agree with counsel for the Appellant on this
point. I do not think that the Appellant and the [B] group can distance
themselves from the [N Bank] Discussion Paper. The [N Bank] Discussion Paper
clearly states that “[B] has approached [N Bank] to assist in the debt
financing required for the proposed restructuring exercise” and [N Bank] has
“set out [its] understanding of [B’s] proposed restructuring steps” and a
“financing structure that [it] believe[s] the [B] group may find
attractive”.[note: 73] Furthermore, [L] testified that [N Bank] was a
relationship bank of the group which conducted regular meetings with the group
to discuss the group’s financing needs and mergers and acquisitions
activities.[note: 74] [L] testified that it was at one of such meetings that
the group revealed their restructuring plans for the Singapore operations to
[N Bank], which subsequently returned with a proposal for the financing of the
restructuring represented by the [N Bank] Discussion Paper. Importantly, [L]
also revealed that the [B] group deliberately chose and accepted [N Bank’s]
proposal[note: 75] (see above at [117]). Hence, the [N Bank] Discussion Paper
is clearly very relevant to the determination of the Appellant’s reasons for
entering into the Financing Arrangement.

122 In fact, the [N Bank] Discussion Paper is crucial given the absence of any
evidence of the Appellant’s or the [B] group’s discussions on the commercial
feasibility of the Financing Agreement. As rightly noted by the Board, the [N
Bank] Discussion Paper does not explain how the way in which the Financing
Arrangement was structured helped [B] achieve what was stated in the [N Bank]
Discussion Paper to be the main objective of the restructuring, which was to
streamline its operations in Singapore through a “flatter” corporate
structure.[note: 76]

123 Instead, the [N Bank] Discussion Paper pointedly states that “[the
Appellant] should be able to derive savings amounting to more than
S$17.9million” and provided a tabular breakdown of the potential tax savings
and benefits.[note: 77] It may be inferred that when the Appellant accepted
the proposal in the [N Bank] Discussion Paper, it also agreed with the
rationale behind the proposal, namely, the extraction of tax benefits.

124 To buttress this, as noted by counsel for the Comptroller,[note: 78] the
announcement made by [B] to the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange dated 30 July
2003[note: 79] broadly describes the Financing Arrangement and states that
“the issue of the Notes will not have any impact on the consolidated net
borrowings of the [B] Group”. This shows that [B] never expected the Financing
Arrangement to result in the group overall owing money to [N Bank], _viz_ ,
for the group to truly borrow money from [N Bank]. Counsel for the Appellant
refers to a section of the same announcement which states the rationale for
the restructuring (_ie_ , to simplify the corporate structure and allow the
Subsidiaries to avail themselves of group tax relief) to support the
Appellant’s argument that the Financing Arrangement fell within s 33(3)(_b_).
With respect, counsel is making the same error already addressed at [111]
above. This section only demonstrates that there were good commercial reasons
for the restructuring, as distinct from the Financing Arrangement.

125 Turning to the manner in which the Financing Arrangement was carried out,
there are many features of the Financing Arrangement which lead one to
reasonably conclude that the Financing Arrangement was not carried out for
_bona fide_ commercial reasons and had as one of its main purposes the
avoidance or reduction of tax. The Board noted many of these features in its
Decision at [107]–[114].

126 The valuations at which the Appellant bought the Subsidiaries invite
comment. As the Board rightly pointed out, the [N Bank] Discussion Paper did
not disclose how the sums paid for the Subsidiaries were arrived at and no
valuation was carried out. [L] gave evidence[note: 80] that the valuations
were approximately the same as those used in the group’s acquisitions in 1998
from [P], a related company of [R], and opined that “the acquisitions in
December 1998 were at arm’s length with an independent third party on a
willing buyer willing seller basis”. With respect, [L’s] evidence here
constitutes mere averments and is not supported by concrete evidence. As the
Board noted, there is no evidence that the valuations in 1998 amounted to
$225m or thereabouts. There is also no evidence how this valuation was
computed and arrived at. Assuming it is true that the valuations used for the
Financing Arrangement approximated those used in 1998, they are outdated by
five years. Counsel for the Appellant argues that [L’s] evidence was
unchallenged and that the Board was wrong to conclude that the valuations were
unreliable on the basis that [P] was not a truly independent third party,
because [R] was merely [B’s] joint venture partner.

127 The dispute over whether the valuations made in 1998 were at arm’s length
with an independent party is a red herring. The real question here is whether
paying $225m for the Subsidiaries was reasonable on a consideration of all the
evidence. If it is not, there is then reason to doubt that there were _bona
fide_ commercial reasons for the Financing Arrangement and that a main purpose
of the Financing Arrangement was not the avoidance or reduction of tax.

128 In this respect, I agree with the Board that the evidence strongly
suggests that the Appellant grossly overpaid for its interests in the
Subsidiaries.

129 The financial statements of the Subsidiaries for the year ended 31
December 2002 show that the net asset values of the Subsidiaries are as
follows:[note: 81]

Subsidiaries |  Total Asset ($) |  Total Liabilities ($) |  Net Asset Value ($)  
---|---|---|---  
[D] |  21,079,000 |  1,039,000 |  20,040,000  
[F] |  60,039,912 |  23,583,088 |  36,456,824  
[G] |  2,221,986 |  27,450 |  2,194,536  
[H][note: 82] |  2,184,734 |  18,814 |  2,165,920  
**Total:** |  **85,525,632** |  **24,668,352** |  **60,857,280**  
  
  

Given the lack of concrete evidence as to how the valuation of $225m for the
Subsidiaries was arrived at, the net asset value of the Subsidiaries is a
reasonable, albeit rough, approximation of the value of the Subsidiaries in
2003.

130 The Appellant’s financial statements for the financial year ended 31
December 2003 show that the Appellant acquired the Subsidiaries for the
following costs: [note: 83]

Subsidiaries |  Costs ($)  
---|---  
[D] |  $75,000,000  
[F] |  $102,000,000  
[G] |  $45,500,000  
[H] |  $2,500,000  
**Total:** |  **$225,000,000**  
  
  

131 The difference between the net asset values of the Subsidiaries and the
amounts paid for the Subsidiaries may be represented as such:

Subsidiaries |  Costs ($) |  Net Asset Value ($) |  Difference ($)  
---|---|---|---  
[D] |  75,000,000 |  20,040,000 |  54,960,000  
[F] |  102,000,000 |  36,456,824 |  65,543,176  
[G] |  45,500,000 |  2,194,536 |  43,305,464  
[H] |  2,500,000 |  2,165,920 |  334,080  
**Total:** |  **225,000,000** |  **60,857,280** |  **164,142,720**  
  
  

132 Hence, it may be seen that the Appellant acquired the Subsidiaries at a
cost that greatly exceeded the approximate value of the Subsidiaries. The
total amount paid for the Subsidiaries (_ie_ , $225m) greatly exceeded the
total net asset value of the Subsidiaries (_ie_ , $60,857,280). The amount
paid is more than 360% the net asset value of the Subsidiaries. The great
difference between the total amount paid and the total net asset value of the
Subsidiaries was noted in the affidavit of Ms Christina Ng (“Ms Ng”),[note:
84] the Comptroller’s witness and a Group Tax Specialist with the Corporate
Tax Division (Large Corporations Branch) of the Inland Revenue Authority of
Singapore, and was undisputed by the Appellant.

133 One may ask why the Appellant paid so much money for the Subsidiaries. The
reason is not hard to find: the larger the amount paid for the Subsidiaries
the more the borrowing _via_ the issuance of the Notes. If the Appellant paid
more interest under the Financing Arrangement to [N Bank Singapore], the
Appellant would have more allowable deductions thereby reducing the tax on the
dividend income. Ultimately, that would lead to more tax refunds from the
Comptroller.

134 Another questionable feature is the interest rate for the Notes. There is
no satisfactory evidence adduced by the Appellant to show that the interest
rate was commercially arrived at. It is significant to note that although the
Interest Coupons fixed the interest rate at 8.85% _per annum_ , the benefit of
such high interest did not go to [N Bank Singapore] or [N Bank Mauritius]
(each of whom only earned “interest” of 0.005%); instead it ultimately went to
[C] which earned interest at 8.84% _per annum_. As [C] is part of the [B]
group, payment of such high interest would have no financial impact on the [B]
group whatsoever. The other significant point to note is that under the
Financing Arrangement, [C] would not be liable to withholding tax, its
interest income being derived offshore from [N Bank Mauritius] under CPO2 (see
also above at [88]–[91]). Thus, while the Appellant would enjoy deduction of
the high interest paid under the Notes, [C] would suffer no tax on the
interest it received.

135 The loans made by [D] and [B] also invite comment. In order to put [C] in
funds to pay [N Bank Mauritius] for the Principal Notes, [D] and [B] each made
an interest-free inter-company loan of $75m to [C]. It was not explained in
the evidence why [D] and [B], as profit-oriented commercial entities, made
such substantial loans without interest. However, the reason, again, is not
hard to find. Had [D] and [B] loaned $150m with interest to [C], [D] and [B]
would have been liable to pay tax on the interest income that each of them
would have received from [C]. By making interest-free loans to [C] and thereby
enabling [C] effectively to loan these moneys to the Appellant through [N Bank
Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius], [D] and [B] avoided the tax which would
otherwise have been payable on interest income arising had the loans been made
with interest to [C]. Moreover, as earlier stated, [C] was able to effectively
receive without withholding tax interest payments equivalent to those under
the Notes (less the 0.005% each of [N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius]
earned) without having to pay Singapore tax.

136 Even if, as counsel for the Appellant submits, it is common and legitimate
for companies within a group to provide intercompany loans (with interest or
otherwise) to each other, the Appellant failed to explain why [D] and [B] had
to loan indirectly a total of $150m through [C] to the Appellant by first
lending the sum to [C] which then effectively loaned the same amount to the
Appellant when it bought the Principal Notes through [N Bank Mauritius] and [N
Bank Singapore]. [D] and [B] could well have loaned the $150m directly to the
Appellant, interest-free and without the circular involvement of [N Bank
Singapore], [N Bank Mauritius] and [C]. Alternatively, they could have charged
the Appellant interest on such loans. However, neither way would have achieved
the tax benefit that the Appellant sought. If no interest was paid, the
Appellant would not have been entitled to deductions for interest paid. The
result would have been that the tax refund which could have been obtained (had
such interest been paid) would be lost. On the other hand, if [D] and [B] had
charged the Appellant interest, they would have had to pay tax on such
interest income. From the [B] group’s perspective, any tax refund to the
Appellant precipitated by the incurring of such interest would have been
neutralised by such tax liability. Of course, had [D] and [B] (together with
[C]) lent directly to the Appellant, the latter would have had the funds to
pay $225m for the Subsidiaries, and there would have been no need for the
Appellant to issue the Notes. The fact that [D], [B] and [C] opted not to
directly loan the total sum of $225m interest-free to the Appellant but
instead chose to carry out the circuitous steps of the Financing Arrangement
(without which the tax refunds would not have been precipitated) further
supports the view that the Financing Arrangement was entered into to generate
large interest expenses and consequently precipitate large tax refunds for the
Appellant.

137 At risk of repetition, it is useful to recount what happened under the
Financing Arrangement. The Notes were issued by the Appellant to [N Bank
Singapore], which then sold it on to [N Bank Mauritius]. [N Bank Mauritius] in
turn sold it on to [C]. All of the parties involved paid the same principal
amount for the Notes (_ie_ , $225m), which passed from the Appellant through
[N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius] to [C]. All these happened on the
same day. [C] obtained the $225m required to buy the Notes by getting loans
amounting to $150m from the very companies from which the Appellant bought its
shares in the Subsidiaries (_ie_ , [B] and [D]) and combining these loans with
the $75m it received from the Appellant for its original interest in the
Subsidiaries. The $225m essentially flowed in a circle from [N Bank Singapore]
to the Appellant to the related parties (_ie_ , [D], [B] and [C]) to [N Bank
Mauritius] and then back to [N Bank Singapore].

138 A similar pattern may be observed in relation to the interest payments
under the Interest Coupons. The Appellant paid [N Bank Singapore] interest
under the Interest Coupons, which triggered CPO1. [N Bank Singapore] then paid
[N Bank Mauritius] interest under CPO1, which in turn triggered CPO2. [N Bank
Mauritius] then paid [C] the interest under CPO2. The relevant amounts of
interest paid under the Interest Coupons, CPO1 and CPO2 were similar save for
the interest at 0.005% _per annum_ that [N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank
Mauritius] each retained. The interest paid by the Appellant essentially
flowed in a loop from the taxpayer through [N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank
Mauritius] to [C]. (The interest flowed from one member of the [B] group to
another member.) By leaving [C] to earn all the interest, the desired tax
benefit was that [C] would not have to pay tax, the reasoning being that the
interest was received by [C] (a non-resident) from a foreign source (_ie_ , [N
Bank Mauritius]).

139 There was in substance no real loan made by [N Bank] to the Appellant.
Counsel for the Appellant characterised the “loan” of $225m made by [N Bank]
as a “bridging loan”. I am unable to agree. If [N Bank] was truly lending
money to the Appellant, it would have taken on risk, which it did not.
Instead, the Notes were sold onwards on the same day back to the [B] group. If
the Appellant had wished to borrow money from a fellow subsidiary in the [B]
group, it could have done so directly instead of taking a circuitous route
involving [N Bank], particularly when it had the money to fund the
restructuring (see above at [113]). Counsel for the Appellant’s insistence
that the loans and Notes were all “real”, that “actual” interests were paid
and that “actual” funds were transferred[note: 85] misses the point. There is
no allegation that the transactions here were shams or legally invalid. The
Comptroller has never asserted so. The evidence clearly shows that there were
actual transfers of funds in accordance with the Financing Arrangement.
However, these do not go to prove that for tax purposes there was in substance
a real loan made by [N Bank]. The Board was right to look at the substance of
the matter. The most important fact is that the funds under the Financing
Arrangement essentially flowed in a loop back to the [B] group on the same
day. The Board was right to conclude that there was in substance no actual
credit risk incurred by [N Bank] whose role was actually that of a
facilitator. This view is further supported by the fact that what [N Bank
Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius] each earned under the Financing Arrangement
was only 0.005% _per annum_ on $225m (or, $11,250 _per annum_). In summary, [N
Bank Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius] were interposed in the Financing
Arrangement in order that the Appellant would be able to obtain the tax
refunds without the interest it bore being taxed in the hands of [C]. The
Board was not wrong to have arrived at the conclusion that the Financing
Arrangement was not carried out for _bona fide_ commercial reasons but had, as
one of its main purpose, the avoidance of tax.

140 Counsel for the Appellant points out that the Comptroller took no
objection to various public listed companies paying their shareholders franked
dividends with the proceeds of heavily discounted rights issue for the express
purpose of passing on the benefit of their s 44 account credits to their
shareholders.[note: 86] Counsel points to various parts of Ms Ng’s testimony
on the stand to the effect that she found nothing wrong with these schemes.
Counsel argues that what the Appellant did here is no different from what
those companies did. It seems to me that counsel is clutching at straws when
he attempts to equate the two. Of course, in both cases, franked dividends
were paid in order to pass on s 44 tax credits. There is nothing wrong with
that in itself. Nor is there anything wrong with the companies funding the
franked dividends with the proceeds of the right issues. However, in the
present case, high interest expenses were artificially incurred to precipitate
tax refunds, and this is the material difference, not to mention the other
features of the Financing Arrangement which failed to qualify under s
33(3)(_b_).

141 For the reasons above, I am of the firm view that the Board was well
entitled to find that the Financing Arrangement was not carried out for _bona
fide_ commercial reasons and that it had as one of its main purposes the
avoidance or reduction of tax, with the result that the Appellant failed to
qualify within the statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_).

Whether the Appellant could avail itself of the relevant specific provisions
of the Act and override the operation of s 33

142 Counsel for the Appellant argues that even if s 33 applies to the
Financing Arrangement, this court should give effect to the relevant specific
provisions of the Act (_ie_ , ss 14(1)(_a_), 44, 44A and 46) and override the
operation of s 33.

143 Whether the Appellant succeeds depends on the extent to which what came to
be termed as the “choice principle” in Australia applies. Counsel for the
Appellant argues that the choice principle should be adopted and applied in
Singapore. Counsel for the Comptroller argues that the New Zealand approach as
established in _Ben Nevis Forestry Ventures Ltd v Commissioner of Inland
Revenue_ [2009] 2 NZLR 289 (“ _Ben Nevis_ ”) should be adopted and applied
instead.

144 The central issue here is the proper relationship between s 33, the
general anti-avoidance provision of the Act, and the specific provisions in
the Act that provide various tax benefits. If a taxpayer orders his affairs so
as to fall within any specific provision of the Act which affords a tax
benefit, can s 33 be invoked to allow the Comptroller to deny the taxpayer
such a tax benefit? When does taking advantage of a specific tax provision
conferring a tax benefit amount to tax avoidance within the meaning of s 33?
In _Ben Nevis_ , Tipping and McGrath JJ succinctly encapsulated the tension
(at [12]):

... Taxpayers enter into many transactions which have been structured with the
purpose of taking advantage of specific provisions in order to reduce tax.
While the general anti-avoidance provision is expressed broadly, its purpose
cannot be to strike down arrangements which involve no more than appropriate
use of specific provisions. On the other hand, strict compliance with the
requirements of specific provisions cannot have been intended to immunise all
arrangements involving their use against being categorised as tax avoidance
arrangements, which it was the purpose of the general provision to avoid.

145 The Australian and New Zealand courts have had to contend with the same
problem in relation to their own tax legislation. I now turn to consider the
respective positions developed in these jurisdictions.

The Australian position – the choice principle

146 The choice principle was articulated in _W.P. Keighery Proprietary Limited
v Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ [1956–1957] 100 CLR 66 (“ _Keighery_ ”).
Dixon CJ, Kitto and Taylor JJ said in their joint judgment (at 92–93):

Whatever difficulties there may be in interpreting s. 260, one thing at least
is clear: the section intends only to protect the general provisions of the
Act from frustration, and not to deny to taxpayers any right of choice between
alternatives which the Act itself lays open to them. It is therefore important
to consider whether the result of treating the section as applying in a case
such as the present would be to render ineffectual an attempt to defeat etc. a
liability imposed by the Act or to render ineffectual an attempt to give a
company an advantage which the Act intended that it might be given.

147 _Keighery_ was subsequently applied in _The Commissioner of Taxation of
the Commonwealth of Australia v Casuarina Pty. Limited_ [1970–1971] 127 CLR 62
and _Mullens v The Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia_
[1975–1976] 135 CLR 290 (“ _Mullens_ ”). In _Mullens_ , Barwick CJ said (at
298):

_..._ If the transaction, being effective and not in breach of the Act,
reduced the amount of tax which the taxpayer otherwise would pay, it did not
alter in any relevant sense the incidence of tax. An intention to enter such a
transaction so as to obtain the statutory benefit would not relevantly be an
intention to alter the incidence of tax. The Court has made it quite plain in
several decisions that a taxpayer is entitled to create a situation to which
the Act attaches taxation advantages for the taxpayer. Equally, the taxpayer
may cast a transaction into which he intends to enter in a form which is
financially advantageous to him under the Act. _W. P. Keighery Pty. Ltd. v.
Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ and _Federal Commissioner of Taxation v.
Casuarina Pty. Ltd._ amply demonstrate this and are, in my opinion, very
relevant to the resolution of this case. ...

Stephen J said (at 318):

Section 260 is concerned with instances in which there exists a purpose or
effect of altering the incidence of tax, of relieving from liability to pay
tax, of defeating, evading or avoiding liability imposed by the Act or of in
any respect preventing its operation. The transaction here in question does
not supply any such instance unless indeed purposefully to take advantage of a
deduction offered by the legislation is enough to attract the section. That it
is not is now well established. The principle in _W. P. Keighery Pty. Ltd. v.
Federal Commissioner of Taxation_ is not to be confined to cases where the Act
offers to the taxpayer a choice of alternative tax consequences either of
which he is free to choose; it was there held that merely because the taxpayer
chose, quite deliberately, the alternative most advantageous to it from a tax
standpoint it did not thereby attract s. 260. So, too, if no question arises
of a choice between two courses of conduct but, instead, the Act offers
certain tax benefits to taxpayers who adopt a particular course of conduct;
the adoption of that course does not establish any purpose or effect such as
is described in s. 260. Instead, an assessment which reflects the tax
consequences of the course of conduct which the taxpayer has in fact adopted
will then represent a due and proper incidence of tax, there will be no relief
from, or defeating of, liability to tax and the Act will have the very
operation which the legislature intended. As the Chief Justice has said in
_Federal Commissioner of Taxation v. Casuarina Pty. Ltd._ , there is no room
for the application of s. 260 where the taxpayer has become liable for the
amount of tax “appropriate under the terms of the Assessment Act to the state
of affairs obtaining” at the relevant date; “steps taken to bring about that
state of affairs” do not operate to attract s. 260.

148 The choice principle was affirmed again in several later cases (in
particular, _The Commissioner of Taxation of the Commonwealth of Australia v
Gulland_ [1985–1986] 160 CLR 55, which was the last case heard by the High
Court of Australia that provided substantial guidance on the application of
the choice principle), but the foregoing suffices for a comparison with the
New Zealand approach.

The New Zealand position – the scheme and purpose approach

149 In _Ben Nevis_ ([143] _supra_), the Supreme Court of New Zealand
comprehensively reviewed the case law in New Zealand and noted that the courts
had decided the cases on a “scheme and purpose” approach. In essence, the
courts considered the scheme and the purpose of the tax statute as a whole as
well as any specific provisions relied on by the taxpayer in determining
whether the anti-avoidance provision applied.

150 The majority in _Ben Nevis_ provided guidance on how the general anti-
avoidance provisions should be applied and the interaction between the general
anti-avoidance provisions and the specific provisions relied upon by taxpayers
(at [103]–[109]):

[103] _We consider Parliament’s overall purpose is best served by construing
specific tax provisions and the general anti-avoidance provision so as to give
appropriate effect to each. They are meant to work in tandem._ Each provides a
context which assists in determining the meaning and, in particular, the scope
of the other. _Neither should be regarded as overriding. Rather they work
together_. ...

[104] Parliament must have envisaged that the way a specific provision was
deployed would, in some circumstances, cross the line and turn what might
otherwise have been a permissible arrangement into a tax avoidance
arrangement. Ascertaining when that will be so should be firmly grounded in
the statutory language of the provisions themselves. ...

...

[106] Put at the highest level of generality, _a specific provision is
designed to give the taxpayer a tax advantage if its use falls within its
ordinary meaning. That will be a permissible tax advantage. The general
provision is designed to avoid the fiscal effect of tax avoidance arrangements
having a more than merely incidental purpose or effect of tax avoidance. Its
function is to prevent uses of the specific provisions which fall outside
their intended scope in the overall scheme of the Act_. Such uses give rise to
an impermissible tax advantage which the Commissioner may counteract. The
general anti-avoidance provision and its associated reconstruction power
provide explicit authority for the Commissioner and New Zealand courts to
avoid what has been done and to reconstruct tax avoidance arrangements.

[107] When, as here, a case involves reliance by the taxpayer on specific
provisions, _the first inquiry concerns the application of those provisions.
The taxpayer must satisfy the court that the use made of the specific
provision is within its intended scope_. _If that is shown, a further question
arises based on the taxpayer's use of the specific provision viewed in the
light of the arrangement as a whole. If, when viewed in that light, it is
apparent that the taxpayer has used the specific provision, and thereby
altered the incidence of income tax, in a way which cannot have been within
the contemplation and purpose of Parliament when it enacted the provision, the
arrangement will be a tax avoidance arrangement_. ...

[108] _The general anti-avoidance provision does not confine the court as to
the matters which may be taken into account when considering whether a tax
avoidance arrangement exists. Hence the Commissioner and the courts may
address a number of relevant factors, the significance of which will depend on
the particular facts_. The manner in which the arrangement is carried out will
often be an important consideration. So will the role of all relevant parties
and any relationship they may have with the taxpayer. The economic and
commercial effect of documents and transactions may also be significant. Other
features that may be relevant include the duration of the arrangement and the
nature and extent of the financial consequences that it will have for the
taxpayer. As indicated, it will often be the combination of various elements
in the arrangement which is significant. A _classic indicator of a use that is
outside parliamentary contemplation is the structuring of an arrangement so
that the taxpayer gains the benefit of the specific provision in an artificial
or contrived way._ It is not within Parliament's purpose for specific
provisions to be used in that manner.

[109] In considering these matters, the courts are not limited to purely legal
considerations. They should also consider the use made of the specific
provision in the light of the commercial reality and the economic effect of
that use. _The ultimate question is whether the impugned arrangement, viewed
in a commercially and economically realistic way, makes use of the specific
provision in a manner that is consistent with Parliament's purpose._ If that
is so, the arrangement will not, by reason of that use, be a tax avoidance
arrangement. If the use of the specific provision is beyond parliamentary
contemplation, its use in that way will result in the arrangement being a tax
avoidance arrangement.

[emphasis added]

151 The approach in _Ben Nevis_ was subsequently applied in _Commissioner of
Inland Revenue v Penny_ [2010] 3 NZLR 360 and _BNZ Investments Limited & Ors v
The Commissioner of Inland Revenue_ HC WN CIV 2004-485-1059 [15 July 2009] and
referred to as the “scheme and purpose” approach.

152 The scheme and purpose approach essentially resolves the tension between
the general anti-avoidance provisions and the specific provisions as a matter
of purposive statutory interpretation. Whether an arrangement constitutes tax
avoidance will depend on whether the taxpayer’s use of the specific statutory
provision is consistent with Parliament’s purpose, determined by an objective
analysis of the overall scheme and purpose of the tax legislation.

153 Under the scheme and purpose approach, there are essentially two steps in
determining whether a particular arrangement runs afoul of the general anti-
avoidance provision:

(a) Firstly, the court must ask whether the use of the specific provision is
within its intended scope. This involves interpretation of the specific
provision alone to see if the arrangement in question falls within the literal
meaning of the specific provisions.

(b) Secondly, if the use of the specific provision is within its intended
scope, the court must further ask whether the taxpayer has used the specific
provision in a way which cannot have been within the contemplation and purpose
of Parliament when it enacted the provision. This involves a broader inquiry.
The court must engage in a purposive interpretation of the specific provision
in the context of the legislative scheme as a whole.

154 In determining whether a tax avoidance arrangement exists, the court may
take into account a number of relevant factors, the significance of which will
depend on the particular facts of the case. These factors include the manner
in which the arrangement was carried out, the role of all relevant parties and
any relationship they may have with the taxpayer, the economic and commercial
effect of documents and transactions, the duration of the arrangement, and the
nature and extent of the financial consequences that the arrangement has for
the taxpayer. A classic indicator of a use that is outside parliamentary
contemplation is the structuring of an arrangement so that the taxpayer gains
the benefit of the specific provision in an artificial or contrived way.

What approach should be adopted in Singapore?

155 In my view, it is unnecessary to choose between the Australian and the New
Zealand approaches, although, if I had to, I would prefer the New Zealand
approach for its conceptual clarity. The same role that the Australian choice
principle and the New Zealand scheme and purpose approach play in protecting
taxpayers from the over-extensive application of the respective Australian and
New Zealand anti-avoidance provisions is already performed in Singapore by the
statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_) in relation to s 33.

156 It is significant to note that both the Australian and New Zealand
approaches developed in the context of legislative provisions that did not
have the corresponding equivalent of our statutory exception under s
33(3)(_b_). Unlike in Singapore, there is no similar defence available to the
taxpayer in Australia or New Zealand. Since Singapore already has the
statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_), there is no need to adopt either the
Australian or the New Zealand approach.

157 I am of the view that it is consistent with Parliament’s intention that
neither the Australian nor the New Zealand approach should be adopted. In
support of his argument that the choice principle should apply, counsel for
the Appellant refers[note: 87] to a part of the Minister for Finance’s speech
at the Second Reading (_Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (13
January 1988) vol 50 at col 366), where the Minister said that Australian and
New Zealand cases interpreting legislation with similar wordings may be relied
upon to provide adequate safeguards against the over-extensive application of
s 33. This part has already been reproduced above at [70]. It should be noted
that the Minister said that Australian and New Zealand cases are helpful when
they interpret legislation with _similar wordings_. As already mentioned above
at [156], the choice principle and scheme and purpose approach were developed
in the absence of any statutory exception similar to s 33(3)(_b_). Hence, in
this regard the Australian and New Zealand cases do not interpret legislation
similar to s 33(3)(_b_).

158 Ultimately, the question is whether a proper balance is struck between the
rights and interests of taxpayers and the Comptroller in interpreting and
applying s 33. I believe that a proper balance is struck by interpreting s
33(1) as importing an objective test, while allowing taxpayers to avail
themselves of the statutory exception under s 33(3)(_b_) which, as I have
held, should be interpreted as importing a purely subjective test.

Whether the Comptroller was right to disregard both the dividend income and
interest expenses under s 33

159 Given the finding that the Financing Arrangement is caught by s 33(1), and
that the Appellant cannot avail itself of the statutory exception under s
33(3)(_b_), the question arises as to the extent to which the Comptroller may
exercise his powers under s 33(1).

160 The Comptroller purported to exercise his powers under s 33(1) to
disregard _both_ the dividend income and interest expenses under the
Additional Assessments and the Notice of Assessment for YA 2007. Counsel for
the Appellant argues that the Comptroller should not have disregarded both the
dividend income and interest expenses. Counsel for the Comptroller argues that
the burden is on the Appellant to show that the Comptroller was wrong and
maintains that there is no difference in result between disregarding both the
dividend income and interest expenses and disregarding only the interest
expenses.

161 To resolve this question, I start by examining the relevant words of s
33(1), which are as follows:

... the Comptroller may, without prejudice to such validity as it may have in
any other respect or for any other purpose, disregard or vary the arrangement
and make such adjustments as he considers appropriate, including the
computation or recomputation of gains or profits, or the imposition of
liability to tax, so as to counteract any tax advantage obtained or obtainable
by that person from or under that arrangement.

162 From a plain reading of s 33, it is clear that the Comptroller’s power to
“disregard or vary the arrangement and make such adjustments as he considers
appropriate” is to be exercised to “counteract any tax advantage obtained or
obtainable by that person from or under that arrangement”. The Comptroller’s
powers under s 33(1) must be exercised in a manner that is fair and reasonable
(see _Telfer_ at p 316) in order to achieve the purpose of counteracting the
tax advantage obtained or obtainable from the arrangement. He must exercise
his statutory discretion reasonably and treat taxpayers fairly: see _Inland
Revenue Commissioners v National Federation of Self-Employed and Small
Businesses Ltd_ [1982] AC 617 at 651 (“ _National Federation_ ”) and _R v
Inland Revenue Commissioners, ex parte Preston_ [1983] 2 All ER 300 at
306–307. I can do no better than to quote Lord Scarman in _National
Federation_ (at 651):

... Notwithstanding _Reg. v. Lords Commissioners of the Treasury_ , I am
persuaded that _the modern case law recognises a legal duty owed by the
revenue to the general body of the taxpayers to treat taxpayers fairly; to use
their discretionary powers so that, subject to the requirements of good
management, discrimination between one group of taxpayers and another does not
arise; to ensure that there are no favourites and no sacrificial victims_. The
duty has to be considered as one of several arising within the complex
comprised in the care and management of a tax, every part of which it is their
duty, if they can, to collect. [emphasis added]

163 Hence, the question before me is whether the Comptroller acted reasonably
and fairly in exercising its powers under s 33(1) by disregarding both the
dividend income and interest expenses.

164 There is no problem with the Subsidiaries paying franked dividends to the
Appellant and the Appellant receiving the same and getting the benefit of the
tax credits – indeed, this was the whole point of having the full imputation
system and the s 44 account mechanism (see above at [23]–[24]). In fact, Ms
Ng, the Comptroller’s Group Tax Specialist, had admitted during re-examination
that _the Comptroller had no objections to the dividend income_ ; instead,
what the Comptroller objected to was the _Financing Arrangement_ :[note: 88]

QSo how is---how is this arrangement an abuse of the imputation tax system?

AI think Mr Ghandi’s point is that, er, before and after the reorganisation,
these are still belonging to the same group of entity---I mean it’s under the
same group before or after. So to him, it’s more like you’re returning, er,
you know, what is belonging---belonging to the group back to the same person,
why should there be an objection? _And I think, er, what---you see, if the
four subsidiaries simply pay frank dividend---I mean frank the dividend and
pay it to the shareholders, there’s no objection if there is no, er,
arrangement in between to---to---to get that, er, refund._ Because you see as
we already heard prior to the restructuring, the [C], the Malaysian holding
company and the [D], the Singapore holding company, the two companies that
holding that three subsidiaries, they have funded their investment in these
three Singapore subsidiary which are the [F], [D] and the [G], right, funded
by equi---er, equity. So whatever dividend that they receive from these three
subsidiary up, it will be dividend income received by them. Like in [D], the
Singapore subsidiary, when we look at the---er, [D], er, the Singapore holding
company, if we look at their book, what it will happen is that they receive
the dividend income from the three subsid that is the dividend income. _Tax on
the dividend income, less tax credit. There’s no refund because they have –
prior to their restructuring that is – financed by equity so that is the end
of the story. So had they just simply pay back, used their section 44 if they
have the reserve, if they pay up to the original holding company ([D]), no
issue, right._ That’s---that---I mean that’s---that is, er---that’s it,
there’s no refund. But what we have seen here really is then, they then do the
restructuring and they say, er, it’s for three, er, objective which is the
group relief, the streamlining of the operation and extracting credit. _But
when we look at the financing, right, then the financing comes in_. So, er, I
think we’ve said that, how does the financing scheme then achieve that three
objective, right. _We already say you---you can restructure without this
financing because finally, really, they got the money to finance as they---
they said that at the end of the day, it’s [C] that is the one that provided
the financing back to the group, you know. If they don’t charge interest, no
issue. If they charge interest, then there will be this withholding tax
because it’s a---appellant, a Singapore company paying to a non-resident, er,
that’s [C], then there will be this withholding tax_. So if they had done a
straightforward loan, the money actually borrowed, they incurred interest
expenses on the actual funds borrowed, we would also have allowed the
deduction. No issue. _But what has happened in this case is they then enter
into the---it is the financing arrangement that we---we object because in this
financing arrangement, they actually interposed [N Bank Singapore], [N Bank
Mauritius] to avoid that withholding tax and the lender – like what Mr Ghandi
has said – in actual fact, he said the lending was from [C]._ Fine, if the
lending was from [C], the interest ought to have been paid by the appellant to
[C]. Why went round? _Why have all these intermediaries? I think that is
really the artificiality that we don’t accept_ and it’s also what we have
said. If you interpose intermediaries, why? Why do that? So it’s---it’s that
---it’s---it’s that that we are objecting to. And I think, er, one point to---
to---to---I think what Mr Ghandi is also trying to, er, say here that we are
not giving back the credit. _Actually, the---the issue is not really, er, er,
the credit per se. We are saying that it is the interest deduction that
reduced the taxable dividend income, so they have a lower tax liability on the
dividend income. And because the dividend came with the imputation credit,
there’s this difference, that’s what they are claiming back the credit. So by
using the---claiming the interest deduction, that means this refund of the
credit arose wholly from the interest deduction. And that, we---we don’t
accept and we’ve---we have made the adjustment to disallow the interest and
denying the refund of that credit._ ...

[emphasis added]

165 Given that it is the Financing Arrangement alone that offends s 33, the
Comptroller should not have disregarded the dividend income. Indeed, his power
under s 33(1) is to disregard or vary only the impugned arrangement.

166 Crucially, it is also clear from the above excerpt that the specific
aspect of the Financing Arrangement that the Comptroller objected to was the
artificial _incurring of the interest expenses_ so as to enable the Appellant
to obtain tax refunds without the ultimate recipient of the interest, [C],
being liable for withholding tax.

167 Counsel for the Appellant emphasised that [C] in substance made a $225m
loan to the Appellant (a proposition accepted by the Board in its Decision at
[112] and the Respondent in this appeal), and that there was hence no reason
for the Comptroller to disregard any of the interest expenses. Counsel points
to Ms Ng’s admission during cross-examination that the Comptroller would not
have disregarded the interest expenses had the loan been made by [C] directly
to the Appellant.[note: 89]

168 However, one needs to be clear about exactly who loaned what and to whom.
It is misleading to say that [C] in substance provided the entire $225m loan
to the Appellant. Out of the $225m, [C] in substance only provided $75m, that
being the same amount it received from the Appellant for the sale of its
interests in [F], [G] and [H]. [C] obtained the rest of the $225m (_ie_ ,
$150m) through interest-free loans provided to it by [D] and [B].

169 As previously observed (at [136] above), [D] and [B] could easily have
loaned the $150m directly to the Appellant interest-free without the
involvement of [N Bank Singapore], [N Bank Mauritius] and [C]. The circuitous
arrangement was chosen so as to enable [C] to charge interest ultimately to
the Appellant through interposing [N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius].
The Comptroller was therefore justified in disregarding the interest expenses
attributable to $150m of the Notes, which is exactly two-thirds of the total
interest expenses.

170 As for the $75m loaned by [C] to the Appellant and the interest expenses
that arose from this loan, counsel for the Appellant’s argument that a “real”
loan with actual interest payments was made by [C] to the Appellant stands on
firmer ground. [C] received $75m for its interests in [F], [G] and [H] from
the Appellant. [C] then in effect loaned this same amount with interest to the
Appellant by buying the Notes issued by the Appellant and receiving the
interest payments under the Notes from the Appellant through CPO1 and CPO2.
There was in substance a loan of $75m with interest made by [C] to the
Appellant, and the interest payments arising from the loan of $75m which were
subsequently paid out by the Appellant should have been allowed as deductible
interest expenses in assessing the overall tax liability of the Appellant. In
fact, the Comptroller accepted that had [C] loaned moneys directly to the
Appellant, the interest deductions on such loans would have been allowed, for
the key was for there to be “actual” borrowing from [C].[note: 90]

171 However, as already observed above at [88]–[91], the crucial factor here
is the interposition of [N Bank Singapore] and [N Bank Mauritius] in the flow
of interest payments from the Appellant to [C]. This had the effect of
allowing [C] to avoid being liable for withholding tax on the interest payment
it ultimately received, despite the fact that, in substance, [C] provided a
loan of $75m with interest to the Appellant. Had [C] directly provided the
loan to the Appellant, the Appellant would have had to deduct withholding tax
from the interest payments that it had to pay to [C], and to account to the
Comptroller for the same. This point on the avoidance of withholding tax
should have been (but was not) stressed by counsel for the Comptroller.[note:
91] There is a strong case here for the Comptroller to charge withholding tax
on the interest payments attributable to $75m of the Notes which eventually
flowed to [C]. In fact, the evidence of Ms Ng suggests that the Comptroller
was aware of the avoidance of the withholding tax.[note: 92]

172 In my view, the Comptroller should not have disregarded the interest
expenses attributable to the $75m loan made by [C] to the Appellant. Instead,
the Comptroller should have required the Appellant to account to it for the
withholding tax that ought to have been paid by [C] on interest payments borne
by the Appellant arising from the $75m loan.

173 In summary, the Comptroller did not exercise his powers under s 33(1)
fairly and reasonably when he disregarded both the dividend income and the
interest expenses. For this reason, the Additional Assessments for YA 2004 to
2006 and the Notice of Assessment for YA 2007 ought to be discharged. The
Comptroller should not have disregarded the dividend income as the Appellant
was entitled to it under the Act. He should not have disregarded _all_ the
interest expenses. Instead, he should have disregarded _only_ the interest
expenses borne by the Appellant attributable to the $150m lent by [D] and [B]
to [C] (_ie_ , two-thirds of the total interest expenses incurred by the
Appellant). The Comptroller should have allowed the interest expenses arising
from the $75m loan made by [C] to be deductible expenses in assessing the
Appellant to tax (_ie_ , one-third of the total interest expenses incurred by
the Appellant), but, at the same time, he should have required the Appellant
to account to it for the withholding tax that ought to have been paid on
interest payments arising from the $75m loan. Had the Comptroller exercised
his powers under s 33(1) in the manner I have described, the Comptroller would
have specifically counteracted the exact tax advantage obtained by the
Appellant under the Financing Arrangement with a scalpel rather than a
cleaver.

174 It might be thought that, as the same end result would appear to be
achieved either way, I am being overly exacting in requiring that the
Comptroller’s Additional Assessments and Notice of Assessment for YA 2007
should have been done differently. However, for two reasons, the ends do not
justify the means. Firstly, as I have pointed out, the Comptroller exceeded
his statutory power when he disregarded the dividend income despite the fact
that only the Financing Arrangement was impugned. Secondly, the issuance of
the Additional Assessments for YA 2004 to 2006 raises the question of the
Comptroller’s competence to do so under s 74 of the Act.

Whether the Comptroller had the power to issue the Additional Assessments for
YA 2004 to 2006

175 Section 74(1) of the Act provides as follows:

**Additional assessments**

74\. —(1) Where it appears to the Comptroller that any person liable to tax
has not been assessed or _has been assessed at a less amount than that which
ought to have been charged_ , the Comptroller may ... assess that person at
such amount or additional _amount as_ according to his judgment ought to have
been charged.

[emphasis added]

Counsel for the Appellant submits that the Comptroller acted _ultra vires_
when he issued the Additional Assessments under s 74(1). This is because in
each of them the Comptroller assessed the Appellant to less tax than that
under the Original Assessments. For purposes of illustration, let us compare
the Original Assessment for YA 2004 with the Additional Assessment for the
same year.

176 The Comptroller initially issued the Notice of Assessment for YA 2004
dated 24 September 2004, stating as follows:

|  Amount ($)  
---|---  
Dividend income Interest income Total income Tax assessed (calculated at the prevailing tax rates) _Less_ : Tax deducted at source **Tax repayable:** |  4,902,092.00 5,185.00 4,907,277.00 1,078,745.36 2,712,449.00 1,633,703.64  
  
  

An examination of the income tax return filed by the Appellant for YA 2004
reveals that the “dividend income” of $4,902,092 indicated in the Original
Assessment for YA 2004 was arrived at by deducting, _inter alia_ , the
interest payments made by the Appellant under the Notes during YA 2004 (_ie_ ,
$7,419,452) from the amount of franked dividends paid out by the Subsidiaries
to the Appellant during YA 2004 (_ie_ , $12,329,315).[note: 93] The interest
income indicated in the same was derived from another source, the identity of
which is of no concern in this appeal. As can be seen, tax amounting to
$1,078,745.36 was assessed on the Appellant’s total chargeable income of
$4,907,277 for YA 2004, before the amount of tax credit carried by the franked
dividends (_ie_ , $2,712,449) was set off against that amount. The result was
that the Appellant was entitled to tax refunds amounting to $1,633,703.64 for
YA 2004.

177 When the Comptroller decided to invoke s 33, he issued a Notice of
Additional Assessment for YA 2004 dated 7 April 2008 that disregarded both the
dividend income and interest expenses stating as follows:

|  Amount ($)  
---|---  
Dividend income Interest income Total income Tax assessed (calculated at the prevailing tax rates) _Less_ : Tax deducted at source Tax payable _Less_ : Previous Assessment **Additional tax payable as per this Assessment:** |  _Nil_ 5,185.00 5,185.00 285.12 _Nil_ 285.12 1,633,703.64 1,633,988.76  
  
  

As the Comptroller disregarded all the dividend income and interest expenses
for YA 2004, the Appellant’s total chargeable income decreased greatly to
$5,185 and the amount of tax assessed on the same was consequently greatly
reduced to $285.12. Since all the dividend income was disregarded, the
Appellant could not set off any tax credits carried by the franked dividends
against the amount of tax assessed on its total chargeable income, and the
ultimate amount of tax payable for YA 2004 should have been $285.12.

178 However, the Comptroller went on to recoup the exact amount of tax refunds
that the Appellant was earlier deemed to be entitled to under the Original
Assessment for YA 2004 (_ie_ , $1,633,703.64), and assessed the Appellant to
“Additional tax payable as per this Assessment” amounting to $1,633,988.76.
Counsel for the Appellant argues that under s 74(1), the Comptroller could
only raise an additional assessment if the taxpayer “has been assessed at a
less amount than that which ought to have been charged”. Since the “tax
assessed” under the Original Assessment for YA 2004 was $1,078,745.36 and
therefore greater than the tax of $285.12 sought to be assessed under the
Additional Assessment for YA 2004, the latter assessment was _ultra vires_ and
void.

179 Counsel for the Appellant argues that the $1,633,988.76 “Additional tax
payable as per this Assessment [_ie_ , the Additional Assessment for YA 2004]”
was not the “tax assessed” to be used for comparison with the tax originally
assessed. The same argument applied to each of the Additional Assessments for
YA 2004 to 2006. I accept the Appellant’s arguments. Accordingly, the
Additional Assessments for YA 2004 to 2006 should be discharged.

180 Had the Comptroller exercised his powers under s 33(1) in the manner I
indicated earlier (at [173] above), the notices of additional assessments
issued on such a basis could not have been challenged. This is because the
Appellant would have been assessed to tax under such additional assessments in
each year at a greater amount than that which was originally charged. Under
such additional assessments, all the dividend income would be recognised but
only one-third of the interest expenses would be deductible against the
dividend income (with two-thirds of the interest expenses being disregarded).
As such, tax assessed under each of the additional assessments would have been
greater than that under the corresponding Original Assessments. The additional
assessments would therefore not be _ultra vires_.

Conclusion

181 For the reasons above, this appeal is allowed. I will hear the parties on
costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“ROA”), Vol III, Part A, pp 84-85.

[note: 2]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 86.

[note: 3]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 86.

[note: 4]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 87.

[note: 5]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 89.

[note: 6]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 101-102.

[note: 7]Decision at [6].

[note: 8]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 297-298.

[note: 9]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 355-357.

[note: 10]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 359-361.

[note: 11]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 363-365.

[note: 12]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 305-318 and 320-353.

[note: 13]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 371-387.

[note: 14]ROA, Vol III, Part B, pp 389-407.

[note: 15]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 282-290.

[note: 16]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 300-303.

[note: 17]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 367.

[note: 18]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 369.

[note: 19]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 411-421.

[note: 20]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 411.

[note: 21]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 412.

[note: 22]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 413.

[note: 23]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 415.

[note: 24]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 420.

[note: 25]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 418.

[note: 26]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 421.

[note: 27]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 419.

[note: 28]ROA, Vol III, Part B, pp 425-430.

[note: 29]ROA, Vol III, Part B, pp 465-470 and 474-553.

[note: 30]ROA, Vol V, Part B, pp 2633, 2648, 2664 and 2684.

[note: 31]Decision at [39]; ROA, Vol III, Part B, pp 434-442.

[note: 32]ROA, Vol III, Part B, p 557.

[note: 33]ROA, Vol V, Part B, pp 2631-2632, 2646-2647, 2662-2663 and
2682-2683.

[note: 34]ROA, Vol V, Part B, pp 2631-2632, 2646-2647, 2662-2663 and
2682-2683.

[note: 35]ROA, Vol V, Part A, pp 2161 and 2167-2170.

[note: 36]ROA, Vol V, Part B, p 2530.

[note: 37]ROA, Vol V, Part B, pp 2531-2534.

[note: 38]ROA, Vol V, Part B, pp.2682-2683.

[note: 39]ROA, Vol V, Part B, p 2593.

[note: 40]ROA, Vol V, Part B, pp 2594-2595.

[note: 41]Decision at [103].

[note: 42]Decision at [105]-[106].

[note: 43]Decision at [107]-[109].

[note: 44]Decision at [111].

[note: 45]Decision at [112].

[note: 46]Decision at [113].

[note: 47]Decision at [114].

[note: 48]Decision at [116].

[note: 49]Decision at [118].

[note: 50]Decision at [124]-[126].

[note: 51]Decision at [103].

[note: 52]Decision at [103]-[114].

[note: 53]Appellant’s Case (“AC”) at paras 83-102.

[note: 54]Respondent’s Case (“RC”) at paras 92-100.

[note: 55]Decision at [103].

[note: 56]AC at paras 151-157.

[note: 57]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 89.

[note: 58]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 101-105.

[note: 59]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 91.

[note: 60]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1092-1093.

[note: 61]ROA, Vol V, Part A, p 2229.

[note: 62]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 109.

[note: 63]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1073-1075.

[note: 64]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1063-1064.

[note: 65]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1075-1076.

[note: 66]AC at paras 160-163.

[note: 67]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 91.

[note: 68]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1072-1073.

[note: 69]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1095-1097.

[note: 70]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1095-1097.

[note: 71]ROA, Vol V, Part A, pp 2173-2178.

[note: 72]AC at paras 188-191.

[note: 73]ROA, Vol V, Part A, p 2173.

[note: 74]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1064 and 1098.

[note: 75]ROA, Vol III, Part D, p 1096.

[note: 76]Decision at [106].

[note: 77]ROA, Vol V, Part A, pp 2177-2178.

[note: 78]RC at para 55.

[note: 79]ROA, Vol V, Part A, pp 2227-2229.

[note: 80]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 106.

[note: 81]ROA, Vol III, Part B, pp 471-553.

[note: 82]ROA, Vol III, Part A, p 257.

[note: 83]ROA, Vol V, Part B, p 2701.

[note: 84]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 257-259.

[note: 85]AC at paras 221-242.

[note: 86]ROA, Vol III, Part A, pp 117-120 and 189-233.

[note: 87]AC at para 276.

[note: 88]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1259-1261.

[note: 89]ROA, Vol III, Part D, p 1192.

[note: 90]ROA, Vol III, Part D, p 1192-1194.

[note: 91]ROA, Vol III, Part D, p 1389.

[note: 92]ROA, Vol III, Part D, pp 1215-1216 and 1261.

[note: 93]ROA, Vol V, Part B, p 2631.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Dec 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

