Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  RN & Associates Pte Ltd _v_ TPX Builders Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 225

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 373 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 November 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Philip Ling and Ang Hou Fu (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for
the plaintiff; Looi Ming Ming (Eldan Law LLP) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  RN & Associates Pte Ltd — TPX Builders Pte Ltd  
  
7 November 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

1 This was an application brought by the plaintiff, RN & Associates Pte Ltd
(“RN”), the main contractors on a project to carry out works in relation to
proposed additions and alterations to an existing block of 11-storey flats at
Nassim Road (“the Project”), to set aside the Adjudication Determination made
in Adjudication Application No SOP/AA009 of 2012 dated 2 April 2012 (“the
Adjudication Determination”) in favour of the defendant subcontractor, TPX
Builders Pte Ltd (“TPX”).

2 The matter came before me on 18 July 2012 and 28 August 2012. After hearing
submissions for both sides, I dismissed the application and now give the
reasons for my decision.

Factual background

The contract and works

3 RN was engaged as the main contractor for the Project, known as “Nassim
Regency”.

4 On 21 July 2009 and after “numerous discussions” between RN and TPX, the
latter issued an offer to RN to carry out the works in relation to the Project
(“the Works”) as RN’s main subcontractor for $3,271,360. This offer included a
schedule of works and, _inter alia_ , the following terms (modified from the
Singapore Institute of Architects’ Articles and Conditions of Building
Contract for Minor Works, which was incorporated by reference):

(a) Payment was to be made 30 days from the date of any claim for payment;

(b) A maintenance period of 12 months from the issuance of the completion
certificate; and

(c) Monthly issue of interim certificates not later than 14 days from the date
of receipt of the contractor’s application.

5 RN accepted on the same day. Under the contract, the Works were to be
completed by 30 September 2009. However, the Works took substantially longer
to complete, and the temporary occupation permit (“TOP”) was only obtained on
4 June 2010. It was not disputed that, in order to expedite the completion of
the Works, RN had to engage other subcontractors to undertake some of the
items comprised in the Works under the contract. This was reflected in TPX’s
final payment claim, which set off the amount payable to these other
subcontractors from the balance of the contractual sum.

6 The maintenance period under the main contract ended on 17 June 2011
although TPX laboured under the impression that it was an 18-month liability
period. During the 18 months following TOP, TPX entered into protracted
discussions with RN in relation to the final account. During this period RN
disputed TPX’s Payment Claim No 14 for $1,542,748.97 on the basis of back
charges incurred by RN as a result of the delay in completion of the Works. On
31 January 2012 and within a month of the expiry of the purported 18-month
liability period, TPX issued a letter (“the 31 January letter”) containing a
final claim for payment of $996,899.08 (after Goods and Services Tax) (“the
Payment Claim”). The 31 January letter read as follows:

**Payment Claim**

Now that the 18-month maintenance/defect liability period for the Project has
come to an _end, we are please_ d to submit our payment claim for the Project
for the work done from 21 July 2009 to 4 December 2011, in the sum of
**_$996,899.08_** (after GST). This includes our claim for the return of the
retention monies.

The supporting details are enclosed.

Your timely response to our payment claim would be much appreciated.

[emphasis in original underlined and bold; emphasis added in italics]

7 On 1 February 2012, RN issued a payment response to TPX (“the Payment
Response”), referring to a previous claims assessment made by RN on 4 March
2011 as support for their refusal of the Payment Claim. The Payment Response
read as follows:

We refer to your letter to us dated 31 January 2012.

Particulars of the calculation, our office did previously provide you with the
tabulation of our claims assessment on 4th March 2011, which had explicitly
substantiated on those works omitted from the schedule of works.

Subsequently, direct expense for the regular progress of the works has been
materially affected by your non-performance and our set-off payments to engage
other contractor(s) include [_sic_] your subcontractors and purchased
materials to complete your leftover and outstanding works.

Consequently, we are unable to accept your claims and please be advise [_sic_]
to reconsolidate your claims having consider [_sic_] to incorporate our
statements to you.

The adjudication

8 The “dispute settlement period” under s 11(1)(_b_) read with s 12(5) of the
Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Act (Cap 30B, 2006 Rev
Ed) (“the SOP Act”) expired on 14 February 2012.

9 On 21 February 2012, and within seven days of the expiry of the dispute
settlement period, as required by s 13(3)(_a_) of the SOP Act, TPX filed its
Adjudication Application pursuant to s 12(3)(_b_) of the SOP Act with the
Singapore Mediation Centre (“SMC”). On 22 February 2012, SMC served the
Adjudication Application on RN. RN filed its Adjudication Response through its
solicitors on 29 February 2012, as required by s 15(1) of the SOP Act. It
contained all information and documents which RN found necessary to support
its case, pursuant to s 15(2) of the SOP Act.

10 By a letter dated 2 March 2012, three days after the expiry of the period
for filing an Adjudication Response under s 15(1) of the SOP Act, RN tendered
a Supplementary Bundle of Documents (“the first Supplementary Bundle”),
claiming that it was essential to support its counterclaim against TPX for
back charges incurred as a result of TPX’s failure to complete the Works
within the contract period concluding on 30 September 2009. This was only
received by TPX on 5 March 2012, six days after expiry of the period for
filing RN’s Adjudication Response.

11 TPX strenuously opposed the inclusion of the first Supplementary Bundle
arguing, in a letter dated 8 March 2012, that the late submission of the
Supplementary Bundle rendered the prescribed timelines under the SOP Act
nugatory. TPX also contended that consideration of the first Supplementary
Bundle would breach TPX’s rights to natural justice as it had not had sight of
any of the documents in the bundles before they were received on 5 March 2012
and would not have a chance to respond to the same.

12 The adjudication conference was held on 13 March 2012 before the appointed
Adjudicator. After the conference, the Adjudicator was sent copies of the
parties’ submissions, bundles of authorities, bundles of documents and two
further Supplementary Bundles submitted by RN _after_ the deadline for filing
RN’s Adjudication Response. Final submissions were tendered on 27 March 2012
and the time for adjudication was extended to 2 April 2012 at the initiation
of the Adjudicator and with the consent of the parties.

13 On 2 April 2012, the Adjudicator gave his Adjudication Determination. He
decided, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) All three Supplementary Bundles (“the Supplementary Bundles”) were to be
excluded as they did not fall under the list of documents in s 17(3) of the
SOP Act which an adjudicator was to have regard to, and as they concerned a
counterclaim which had not been raised in the Payment Response, a matter which
the Adjudicator was not permitted to consider according to s 15(3)(_a_) of the
SOP Act; and

(b) TPX’s calculations in the Payment Claim were correct, particularly in
relation to the figures for the Revised Sub-contract Amount, the Revised VO
Amount, and the amount of set-off for the works undertaken by the other
subcontractors. In deciding what the amount of set-off should be, the
Adjudicator could not make reference to the Supplementary Bundles which had
been excluded.

14 Accordingly, the Adjudicator ordered that RN pay TPX $996,899.08 (“the
Adjudicated Sum”) within seven days and, pursuant to s 30(2) of the SOP Act,
that RN should bear the costs of the Adjudication Application amounting to
$12,171.25.

The application to set aside

15 It should be noted, at this juncture, that RN had the right to have the
Adjudication Determination reviewed pursuant to s 18 of the SOP Act. This
would have entailed RN paying the full Adjudicated Sum to TPX pending the
outcome of the review following s 18(3) of the SOP Act. RN chose not to do so
but, instead, withheld payment of the Adjudicated Sum and brought an action in
Originating Summons No 373 of 2012 to set aside the Adjudication
Determination.

16 RN made the following arguments for setting aside under O 95, r 3 of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, 2006 Rev Ed):

(a) The Payment Claim was not a valid Payment Claim within the meaning of s 10
of the SOP Act;

(b) The Payment Claim was not served on RN within the deadlines stipulated in
the SOP Act; and

(c) The Adjudicator erred in refusing to admit RN’s Supplementary Bundles,
notwithstanding that they had been submitted after the deadline for filing
RN’s Adjudication Response.

Issues

17 I should note at the outset that RN’s first two grounds of appeal are based
on the same issue, _viz_ , that TPX’s Payment Claim had been served on RN 18
months after the expiry of the time limit and therefore constituted an invalid
payment claim which deprived the adjudicator of jurisdiction. That TPX’s
Payment Claim was actually served on RN is not in dispute. It follows that a
finding in favour of TPX on RN’s first submission also disposes of its second
submission.

18 The issues in this case are two-fold:

(a) Whether any defects in service of the Payment Claim deprived the
Adjudicator of jurisdiction; and

(b) Whether there was a breach of natural justice from the Adjudicator’s
refusal to admit RN’s Supplementary Bundles.

My decision

Whether defects in service of the Payment Claim deprived the Adjudicator of
jurisdiction

19 Counsel for RN, Mr Philip Ling (“Mr Ling”), submitted that the validity of
the Payment Claim was a jurisdictional fact which, if decided wrongly in this
court’s estimation, would deprive the Adjudicator of jurisdiction and entitle
RN to set aside the Adjudication Determination. Mr Ling further argued that
TPX’s Payment Claim was invalid as it had been given outside of the time
limits specified in s 10 of the SOP Act.

20 Counsel for TPX, Ms Looi Ming Ming (“Ms Looi”), submitted to the contrary
that whether the Payment Claim was valid or not did not go to the jurisdiction
of the Adjudicator, but was a fact within jurisdiction which the Adjudicator
was entitled to decide and whose findings could not be impeached in a setting
aside application. In any event, Ms Looi argued that the Payment Claim had
been served within the 18-month maintenance period and was not invalid.

21 Central to this dispute is a disagreement as to the source of the
Adjudicator’s jurisdiction under the SOP Act. It was argued before me that two
contrasting points of view have been adopted by the High Court.

22 Judith Prakash J in _Chip Hup_ _Hup_ _Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong
Engineering & Construction Co Ltd_ [2010] 1 SLR 658 (“ _Chip Hup_ _Hup_ _Kee_
”) (at [54]) found that the source of an adjudicator’s jurisdiction arose from
his appointment by an authorised nominating body under s 14(1) of the SOP Act
and his acceptance of such appointment, and not by virtue of the payment claim
being in proper order. That the validity of a payment claim under the SOP Act
was a question for the adjudicator, and not the supervisory court, to decide
was affirmed in _SEF Construction Pte Ltd v Skoy Connected Pte Ltd_ [2010] 1
SLR 733 (“ _SEF Construction_ ”) (at [46]).

23 Lee Seiu Kin J in _Sungdo Engineering & Construction (S) Pte Ltd v Italcor
Pte Ltd_ [2010] 3 SLR 459 (“ _Sungdo Engineering_ ”) disagreed. Lee J found
(at [32]) that jurisdiction was affected by an invalid payment claim or
service thereof. He reasoned that the appointment of an adjudicator under s
14(1) of the SOP Act arose from a series of events initiated by the service of
a payment claim on the respondent under s 10 of the SOP Act, and an invalid
payment claim would vitiate the entire process which resulted in the
appointment of an adjudicator. Lee J’s opinion was endorsed by Tay Yong Kwang
J in _Chua Say Eng (formerly trading as Weng_ _Fatt Construction Engineering)
v Lee Wee Lick Terence_ [2011] SGHC 109 (at [28]) (“ _Weng_ _Fatt Construction
Engineering_ ”).

24 All four decisions drew from the New South Wales Court of Appeal decision
of _Brodyn Pty Ltd t/as Time Cost and Quality v Davenport & Another_ [2004] 61
NSWLR 421 (“ _Brodyn_ ”). _Brodyn_ was an application to quash an
adjudicator’s decision made under the New South Wales Building and
Construction Industry Security of Payment Act 1999 (Act 46 of 1999) (New South
Wales) (“the NSW Act”) on which the SOP Act is based. The respondent in that
case argued that the payment claim served by the claimant was invalid, thus
depriving the adjudicator of his jurisdiction to make a ruling. Hodgson JA, on
behalf of the court, listed some essential conditions for the existence of an
adjudicator’s determination (at [53]) which I also find useful as a summary of
the process of adjudication under the SOP Act:

(a) The existence of a construction contract between the claimant and the
respondent, which condition has been modified by s 4 of the SOP Act to permit
only contracts made in writing on or after 1 April 2005;

(b) The service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim (s 13 of
the NSW Act and s 12(3) read with s 13(1) of the SOP Act);

(c) The making of an adjudication application by the claimant to an authorised
nominating authority (s 17 of the NSW Act and s 13 of the SOP Act);

(d) The reference of the application to an eligible adjudicator, who accepts
the application (ss 18 and 19 of the NSW Act and s 14 of the SOP Act);

(e) The determination by the adjudicator, in writing, of the application by
determining the amount of the progress payment, the date on which it becomes
or became due and the rate of interest payable (ss 19(2), 21(5), 22(1) and
22(3)(a) of the NSW Act and ss 17(2), 17(4) and 17(8) of the SOP Act). I
venture to add that the SOP Act also makes clear that this determination
should be made within the time period specified in s 17(1) of the SOP Act,
subject to an extension of time by consent of the parties.

25 The two contrasting views outlined at [22] and [23] above (and the
corresponding positions taken by Mr Ling and Ms Looi) followed different
interpretations of the _Brodyn_ criterion (b), _viz_ , what is the meaning of
“service by the claimant on the respondent of a payment claim”. Mr Ling argued
that this presupposes a _valid_ payment claim, while Ms Looi argued that the
payment claim need not be valid to be properly served on the respondent.

26 My decision rests on four grounds:

(a) When dealing with an adjudication under s 12(3)(_b_) of the SOP Act, the
validity or otherwise of a payment claim becomes moot as the source of the
dispute centres on the payment _response_ ;

(b) RN was estopped from raising the point of validity of TPX’s Payment Claim
at the setting aside stage by its failure to challenge the Payment Claim at
the point at which it was served;

(c) In any event, the validity of a payment claim is not a jurisdictional fact
but a question of mixed fact and law which falls within the Adjudicator’s
jurisdiction; and

(d) Even if I were to take the contrary position that the validity of a
payment claim is a jurisdictional fact, the application would still fail on
the _Wednesbury_ reasonableness test to which it is subject (see  _Associated
Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_ [1948] 1 KB 223).

Payment claim dispute under s 12(3)(b) of the SOP Act

27 It is useful to note at the outset the meaning of the word “jurisdiction”.
The Court of Appeal in _Ng Swee Lang v Sassoon Samuel Bernard_ [2008] 2 SLR(R)
597 (“ _Ng Swee Lang_ ”) clarified the meaning of jurisdiction within the
context of the Strata Title Board’s jurisdiction to hear a case on strata
title. It opined (at [25]):

... The word “jurisdiction”, when used in the context of a court or tribunal
having the power to _determine disputes arising from a particular subject
matter_ , simply means the _authority vested in that body over the subject
matter_. This is what is meant when we say, for example, that the High Court
has jurisdiction over all admiralty matters as defined by the High Court
(Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed). ... [emphasis added]

In other words, “jurisdiction” in the context of a court or tribunal refers to
_subject matter_ jurisdiction.

28 In this case, an adjudicator has jurisdiction over a “payment claim
dispute”. The _Singapore Parliamentary Debates Official Reports_ (16 November
2004) vol 78 at col 1116 (“the Parliamentary Report”) which contains the
report of the Second Reading of the SOP Bill, states that “[t]he [SOP] Bill
provides for adjudication as a faster and less costly process to resolve
_payment disputes_ ” [emphasis added]. Section 2 of the SOP Act interprets
“adjudication” and “adjudicator” as follows:

“adjudication” means the adjudication of a _payment claim dispute_ in
accordance with Part IV, and includes an adjudication review under that Part;

…

“adjudicator” means a person appointed under this Act to determine a _payment
claim dispute_ that has been referred for adjudication, and includes a review
adjudicator or a panel of review adjudicators appointed under section
18(5)(_b_);

[emphasis added]

29 Mr Ling’s reasoning assumed that the service of a valid payment claim is
the only way in which a payment claim dispute can arise. This is clearly
contradicted by s 12(3) of the SOP Act which lists two “trigger events” which
give rise to an “entitlement” to make an application:

(a) the claimant fails to receive payment by the due date of the claimed
amount; _or_

(b) the claimant disputes the response amount and the response amount is less
than the claimed amount.

30 The grounds under s 12(3)(_a_) and s 12(3)(_b_) of the SOP Act are
disjunctive, as denoted by the addition of the word “or” after s 12(3)(_a_).
The Parliamentary Report also envisioned that these were different situations
which could legitimately give rise to an adjudicator’s appointment and
subsequent jurisdiction. The Parliamentary Report states (at col 1116):

The claimant will have a _valid reason to make an adjudication application_
under the following situation _s_ :

(a) Payment response has not been received from the respondent within the
specified period; _or_

(b) Amount in a payment response is disputed; _or_

(c) Payment is not received by the due date.

[emphasis added]

31 Unlike in _Sungdo Engineering_ ([23] _supra_), where there was no payment
response which the claimant could dispute, the “entitlement” for TPX’s
application was that it disputed the amount under the _Payment Response_. The
Payment Response, and not the original payment claim, was the locus of the
dispute. Section 12(3)(_b_) of the SOP Act reads as follows:

12.?(3) A claimant who has served a payment claim in relation to a supply
contract is entitled to make an adjudication application under section 13 in
relation to the payment claim if —

...

(_b_) _the claimant disputes_ the response amount, where the response amount
is less than the claimed amount.

[emphasis added]

32 Whereas in s 12(3)(_a_) a failure to respond to the payment claim within
the prescribed seven days is generally taken as the respondent having disputed
the payment claim, in s 12(3)(_b_) it is the _payment response_ which the
_claimant_ now disputes. The payment response supplants the initial payment
claim, notwithstanding that sequentially and logically the payment claim
preceded the payment response.

33 The cases cited by both parties, in particular _Sungdo Engineering_ ,
related to a payment claim under s 12(3)(_a_) and are distinguishable. _Sungdo
Engineering_ concerned a payment claim which had been served but payment
whereof had not been received by the due date. There was no payment dispute as
a reasonable respondent could not have discerned that he had been served with
a payment claim, and the respondent’s failure to respond could not be taken as
his having disputed the sums claimed. In other words, there was no subject
matter jurisdiction, as the SOP Act was not intended to cover situations where
the lack of an opportunity to make payment, rather than a _bona fide_ dispute
as to the payment claim, was the cause of the adjudication application.

34 As the facts of the present case arose under s 12(3)(_b_) of the SOP Act,
the validity of the Payment Claim is irrelevant to the jurisdiction of the
Adjudicator as subject matter jurisdiction arises from a dispute over the
_Payment Response amount_. The Adjudicator thus rightly examined the _Payment
Response_ as the important document triggering the Adjudication Application.
He found (at [10] of the Adjudication Determination):

Both parties have accordingly taken the position and proceeded on the basis
that a valid payment response was served. No argument was raised by either
party as to the validity of the Payment Response under the Act and Regulation
6 of the Building and Construction Industry Security of Payment Regulations
(the “** _Regulations_** ”). I have accordingly proceeded on the basis that
the Payment Response is a valid payment response for the purposes of the Act.
[emphasis in original]

The issue of estoppel

35 Given that RN raised no objection to TPX’s Payment Claim dated 31 January
2012 when it served its Payment Response, I found that RN was estopped from
arguing at the setting aside stage that TPX’s Payment Claim was invalid. The
purpose of prescribing the form which a payment claim should take in s 10 of
the SOP Act was clearly to ensure that the main contractor (RN, in this case)
was put on notice of the sums owing to the subcontractor (TPX) so that he
could make prompt payment without the need for an adjudication application.

36 This was not a case of RN being ambushed by an unanticipated payment claim.
RN was aware at all times, and as early as 27 May 2010 before TOP, of the fact
that sums were owed to TPX for work done. The TOP for the Project was obtained
on 4 June 2010. By May 2010, the parties were already in discussion regarding
the final amount, if any, payable by RN. On 27 May 2010, TPX submitted to RN a
document which set out the final sum payable (inclusive of Goods and Services
Tax) and included an itemised list of charges. Under “Subject”, it was written
“Progress Payment Claim No. 14”. RN refused to pay and disputed the payment
amounts. On 15 October 2010, TPX’s Alan Teo sent a chaser e-mail with the
title “37 Nassim Road Final Account”. The sum owing under this final account
was $1,297,239.72, adjusted downwards from the initial claim of $1,542,748.97.
RN’s Richard Ng (“Ng”) wrote back on 19 October 2010, referencing an earlier
conversation he had with TPX’s Teo Yong Pheng and Tang Xiu Xing and stating
that he thought there was “some mistake from your part”. It was clear to me
that both parties were involved in negotiations over the final figure for
payment.

37 On 20 October 2010, Alan Teo was tasked with following up Ng’s comments,
with the added proviso that Teo Yong Pheng “hope[d] to get the matter setted
[_sic_] within a month”. Details of the supposed mistake in tabulations were
sent from RN to TPX in an e-mail from RN’s Ng dated 8 November 2010. TPX took
almost a month to assess these calculations, responding on 1 December 2010,
_via_ fax, with a document addressing Ng’s concerns in his e-mail dated 8
November 2010 and annexing the relevant calculations done by TPX. TPX followed
up _via_ fax on 16 December 2010 with a “revised SUMMARY of our claim,
amounted to S$990,673.28”, and requesting a reply within two weeks’ time. RN
replied formally in a letter dated 4 March 2011, setting out a list of RN’s
back charges. By 11 November 2011, TPX was still sending RN tax invoices “for
our Final Claim for your necessary action”. This toing and froing of
correspondence, which Mr Ling described as “a protracted discussion over the
final account for more than 18 months” (see Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions
at para 9), culminated in the 31 January letter.

38 I found that RN was cognisant of TPX’s need for prompt payment, but sought
to delay and withhold payment by protracted discussions over the amount
claimed. RN suffered no prejudice from late service of the Payment Claim.
There was no indication from the correspondence, nor did RN claim, that it
thought that TPX had somehow given up its claim to payment for work done. All
that late service of a payment claim did was to give RN more time to make
payment for the work done. I found that any delay in issuance of the Payment
Claim on 31 January 2012 was the result of discussions between the parties in
the hope of reaching an agreement without adjudication proceedings.

39 By contrast, TPX would be unfairly prejudiced if late service of a payment
claim were to preclude it from seeking speedy and low cost adjudication under
the SOP Act. To allow RN to claim the service of the Payment Claim out of time
as a basis for depriving the Adjudicator of his jurisdiction would be to allow
RN to rely on its own wrongdoing, _viz_ , its refusal to, and delay of,
payment dating back to 27 May 2010 when it first received notice of the sums
owing.

40 Given that the delay was caused by RN’s attempts at negotiating these sums
downwards, it does not lie in RN’s mouth to now claim that TPX’s Payment Claim
was served out of time. If RN wished to dispute the form of TPX’s Payment
Claim, it should have done so when the Payment Claim was served instead of
serving a Payment Response which, by its nature, acknowledged the validity of
the Payment Claim. In the circumstances, I also found it unnecessary to
examine the question of whether the Payment Claim was served on time.

41 Allowing parties to take the position that an adjudicator has no
jurisdiction only at this late stage of the proceedings, where the issue had
not been raised before, would be tantamount to allowing open-ended
adjudication of the validity of a payment claim – the very thing the SOP Act
seeks to avoid (see [49] below). I found the reasoning of the New South Wales
Supreme Court in _Brookhollow Pty Ltd v R &R Consultants Pty Ltd & Anor_
[2006] NSWSC 1 (at [46]–48]) to be extremely persuasive in this respect:

46 An assertion that service of a payment claim is prohibited under s.13(4) or
(5) [roughly equivalent to ss 10(2) and (3) of the SOP Act] is like a defence
in bar. For example, in the case of an action at law or in equity founded upon
an oral contract for an interest in land it is open to a defendant to elect
whether to raise a defence in bar founded on the Statute of Frauds. Similarly,
it would be open to a respondent served with a payment claim under the Act to
elect whether to raise a defence in bar that service of the claim is
prohibited by s.13(4) or (5). A respondent to a payment claim may have a
reason for electing not to raise such a defence: the payment claim may raise
for determination an issue which will inevitably have to be determined in
subsequent payment claims and the respondent may wish the issue to be resolved
sooner rather than later.

47 However, if the respondent does not elect to raise a defence in bar founded
on s.13(4) or (5), adjudication of that defence will require examination of
the relevant terms of the contract, possibly the facts relating to the work
performed and the time of performance and possibly also the content of
previous payment claims. That examination may well be contentious and may
involve issues of fact and law upon which minds may legitimately differ.

48 In my opinion, the scheme of the [Australian] Act in general and of s.13
and s.14 [ss 10 and 11 of the SOP Act] in particular requires that a defence
in bar to a payment claim founded on s.13(4) or (5), like any other defence
said to defeat or reduce the claim, must be raised in a timeously served
payment schedule. If it is not, then the defence may not be relied upon to set
aside or restrain enforcement of the adjudication determination as a nullity,
nor may it be relied upon as a defence to entry of judgment ...

Validity of the Payment Claim not a jurisdictional fact

42 Had RN raised its objections to the time of service of TPX’s Payment Claim
and its purported non-compliance with s 10 of the SOP Act, the Adjudicator
could have made a finding on whether the purported non-compliance affected
TPX’s right to bring its Adjudication Application, but it was not for me to
revisit at the setting aside stage.

43 The relevance of the payment claim to jurisdiction in _Brodyn_ ([24]
_supra_) did not need to be decided as it was held (at [63]) that it was
valid. Hodgson JA added, however, (at [66]) and which is quoted with approval
in _SEF Construction_ (at [46]):

There is also a question whether this point could in any event lead to a
conclusion that the determination was void [for want of jurisdiction]. If
there is a document served by a claimant on a respondent that purports to be a
payment claim under the Act, questions as to whether the document complies in
all respects with the requirements of the Act are generally, in my opinion,
for the adjudicator to decide. Many of these questions can involve doubtful
question of fact and law; and as I have indicated earlier, in my opinion the
legislature has manifested an intention that the existence of a determination
should not turn on answers to questions of this kind. ...

44 It is clear from Hodgson JA’s _dicta_ in _Brodyn_ that service by the
claimant to the respondent of a payment claim was not intended to be used as a
means of re-opening the question, at the setting aside stage, of whether the
payment claim was made in accordance with the formal requirements of the New
South Wales equivalent of s 10 of the SOP Act.

45 I found that there was an important distinction to be made between the
_existence_ of a payment claim and the _validity_ of a payment claim. The
former is an essential pre-condition of an adjudicator’s jurisdiction under
the SOP Act, while the latter is a mixed question of law and fact within the
Adjudicator’s jurisdiction. The existence or otherwise of essential pre-
conditions to a valid claim are matters for the adjudicator and are not for
objective determination by the court; see _Trysams Pty Ltd v Club
Constructions (NSW) Pty Ltd_ [2007] NSWSC 941 at [30(d)]. In this regard, I
found Prakash J’s opinion in _Chip Hup_ _Hup_ _Kee_ (at [44]) helpful:

Thus, it seemed that when what was being alleged was an absolute lack of
jurisdiction on the part of a particular tribunal or court to hear a
particular dispute, “jurisdiction” being used in the strict sense of capacity
to hear, then if the tribunal concerned does not have such jurisdiction, any
party to the dispute may assert the lack of jurisdiction at any stage and can
never be held to be estopped from doing so or to have waived its right of
protest. _On the contrary, when it is a question of irregularity of procedure
or contingent jurisdiction or non-compliance with a statutory condition
precedent to the validity of a step in the litigation, such irregularity or
non-compliance can be waived because the effect of the waiver would not be to
create or confer any jurisdiction that did not previously exist_. [emphasis
added]

46 The question of _existence_ asks whether the Payment Claim is, on its face,
a claim for progress payments outstanding. This was implicitly acknowledged in
_Weng_ _Fatt Construction Engineering_ ([23] _supra_) (at [31]). Tay J
distinguished the payment claim in that case from the payment claim in _Sungdo
Engineering_ ([23] _supra_), and found that “[u]nlike the 2008 Letter in
_Sungdo Engineering_ , Payment Claim No 6 here specified clearly on its face
that it was a payment claim”. In other words, the real question was whether or
not the payment claim “purported” to be one (see Hodgson JA’s dicta in
_Brodyn_ quoted at [43] above), and _not_ whether the payment claim had
fulfilled the formal requirements listed in s 10 of the SOP Act. It is a
matter of no small importance that the payment claim Lee J was faced with in
_Sungdo Engineering_ was a very unusual one. It was an informal document
which, to the learned judge’s mind, obscured any purpose which the claimant
might have had to make a formal claim for payment. Lee J opined (at [34]) that
“the 2008 Letter did not purport to be a payment claim under the Act as
nothing therein states that it is so”. In those circumstances, there was
simply _no payment claim_ nor any intention for the document to function as a
payment claim (see, in particular, _Sungdo Engineering_ at [22]). If there was
no payment claim, then there could be no payment claim dispute to resolve and
the jurisdiction of the tribunal is not triggered (see [28] above).

47 Given that the Adjudicator’s jurisdiction was only over a payment claim
dispute, the relevant question was not whether there had been a valid payment
claim, but whether there _had been a_ payment claim _which resulted in a
payment claim dispute_. The validity of a payment claim may be a ground for
the respondent to _refuse_ the payment claim pursuant to s 10 of the SOP Act,
and to ask for the payment claim to be re-issued in the relevant format, but a
payment claim dispute may still arise from an invalid payment claim. Any
determination of validity would hence fall _within_ the Adjudicator’s
jurisdiction.

48 I found that this approach best accords with the purpose of the
Legislature. As I have opined in _Ng Swee Lang v Sassoon Samuel Bernard_
[2008] 1 SLR(R) 522 (at [43]) and which was not the subject of that appeal:

To conclude, the modern approach in Singapore as well as in England, Australia
and Canada is to treat the question as one of statutory construction to be
answered by looking at the whole scheme and purpose of the Act ([1]  _supra_)
and by weighing the importance of the particular requirement in the context of
that purpose and asking whether the Legislature would have intended the
consequences of a strict construction, having regard to the prejudice to
private rights and the claims of the public interest (if any).

49 The SOP Act was introduced to provide a faster and less costly way of
allowing subcontractors to get paid (see [28] above) and to “weed out the
practice of delaying or withholding payment without valid reasons” (see the
Parliamentary Report at col 1119). I found that the Legislature could not have
intended for the jurisdiction of the Adjudicator to be ousted where the main
contractor was relying on his own delay and withholding of payment to dispute
the validity of a payment claim.

50 Chow Kok Fong, _Security of Payments and Construction Adjudication_
(LexisNexis, 2005), commenting on the importance of the procedural
prescriptions of the SOP Act also presupposed that this was a matter for the
Adjudicator to decide, stating (at p 130):

… A payment claim which does not comply with these requirements may be
challenged on the basis that it is not a payment claim falling within the Act
and hence not entitled to the advantage of the enforcement machinery afforded
by the Act, in particular, the recourse to adjudication. It would, of course,
be for _the_** _adjudicator_** to decide whether the procedural non-compliance
is sufficient to prevent the claim from being received as a claim made under
the Act: see _Hawkins Construction (Aust) Pty Ltd v Mac’s Industrial Pipework
Pty Ltd_ (2002). [emphasis added in bold italics]

51 The implication of Mr Ling’s submissions was that the Adjudicator’s
jurisdiction was dependent on the subcontractor’s rigorous compliance with
every element of s 10 of the SOP Act, regardless of whether or not the main
contractor had notice of payment due or was prejudiced. In _Ng Swee Lang_ (CA)
([27] _supra_), a similar argument had been advanced in the context of s
84A(1) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Strata
Titles Act”). The appellants argued that since the majority owners had not
complied with s 84A(1) of the Strata Titles Act, the tribunal had no
jurisdiction to hear the matter. The Court of Appeal dismissed this argument
(at [27]) and instead opined:

... But what exactly does this argument mean in the context of the
jurisdiction of the Board to hear that application? In our view, counsel
surely did not mean to say that whether or not the Board has jurisdiction to
deal with a collective sale application depends on the majority owners’
compliance with s 84A(1). _Such an argument would elevate the majority owners'
compliance into the source of the Board’s jurisdiction, which would be a very
strange proposition of law_. As we pointed out earlier (at [25] above), the
Board’s jurisdiction over collective sales is implied from the power vested in
it to hear collective sale applications, and s 84A(1) itself refers to ss
84A(6) and 84A(7) in relation to the Board’s power to approve or disapprove
such applications. In short, s 84A(1) itself does not vest the Board with any
jurisdiction or powers at all. What it does is to prescribe the basis on which
majority owners may apply to the Board for a collective sale order. On this
analysis, s 84A(1) is not a jurisdictional provision. [emphasis added]

52 In the same way, Mr Ling’s submission had the effect of elevating the
subcontractor’s compliance with s 10 of the SOP Act into the source of the
Adjudicator’s jurisdiction, which would be a very strange proposition of law.
The Adjudicator’s jurisdiction over payment claim disputes is expressly given
in ss 2 and 12 of the SOP Act to hear payment claim disputes which manifest
themselves either over a payment claim or a payment response.

53 For the reasons given at [36] to [38] above, I found that a payment claim
clearly existed. Unlike the letter in _Sungdo Engineering_ , the 31 January
letter was a formal one, specifying the project name and contract number, with
the words “Payment Claim” clearly written below the title, bold-typed, and
repeated twice in the course of the letter. RN’s response on 1 February 2012,
which was a straightforward rejection of “your claims”, acknowledged that what
it had received was a Payment Claim.

54 Besides, s 16(2) of the SOP Act circumscribes the jurisdiction of an
adjudicator by laying out the circumstances wherein an adjudicator _must_
reject an adjudication application, _viz_ , where the application does not
comply with s 13(3)(_a_), (_b_) or (_c_) of the SOP Act. Paragraphs (_a_),
(_b_) and (_c_) of s 13(3) read as follows:

13.?(3) An adjudication application —

(_a_) shall be made within 7 days after the entitlement of the claimant to
make an adjudication application first arises under section 12;

(_b_) shall be made in writing addressed to the authorised nominating body
requesting it to appoint an adjudicator;

(_c_) shall contain such information or be accompanied by such documents as
may be prescribed;

...

55 The SOP Act has chosen the grounds under s 13(3)(_a_), (_b_) and (_c_) of
the SOP Act to circumscribe the adjudicator’s jurisdiction in relation to an
adjudication application. In my view, these grounds requiring the adjudicator
to reject an application are exhaustive, and so long as the adjudicator acts
in accordance with s 16(3) of the SOP Act, _viz_ , independently, impartially
and in a timely manner, avoiding unnecessary expense, and complying with the
principles of natural justice, then he acts within his jurisdiction and there
are no grounds for setting aside. The validity of a payment claim has nothing
to do with these requirements.

Adherence to the Wednesbury test of reasonableness

56 In any event, even if I had accepted that the validity of a payment claim
was susceptible to substantive review on a _Wednesbury_ reasonableness
standard, as espoused by Lee J in _Sungdo Engineering_ (([23] _supra_) and
endorsed by Tay J in _Weng_ _Fatt Construction Engineering_ ([23] _supra_], I
found that the Adjudicator’s decision on the validity of the Payment Claim was
_Wednesbury_ reasonable.

57 The _Wednesbury_ reasonableness standard is a monolithic and extremely high
standard, which has not been met on these facts. Lord Greene opined in
_Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_
([26(d)] _supra_) (at 229 and 230):

… there may be something _so absurd that no sensible person_ could ever dream
that it lay within the powers of the authority. ... It is _so unreasonable
that it might almost be described as being done in bad faith. ..._

_… but to prove a case of that kind would require something overwhelming_.

[emphasis added]

58 An examination of the Adjudication Determination does not show in any way
that the Adjudicator had been “overwhelming[ly]” unreasonable. The
Adjudication Determination contained clear reasons for finding that TPX’s
Payment Claim was valid, taking into account (at [9]–[10] and [100]–[101])
that TPX’s Payment Claim had been clearly communicated to RN with the words
“payment claim” stated in bold, RN had treated it as such and issued a payment
response in the knowledge that TPX had intended to issue a payment claim, and
both parties had proceeded on the basis that the Payment Response was valid.
He reasoned (at [99]) that if RN had genuinely thought that the 31 January
letter had failed to communicate itself as a payment claim, RN would have made
it clear in its Payment Response. Nothing in these findings was unreasonable
in the slightest, and certainly not so unreasonable that no sensible person
could have made such a decision. As I have already stated (at [53] above), the
31 January letter _did_ purport to be a payment claim.

59 I find that there was nothing in the Adjudicator’s decision or enquiry into
the facts which could have deprived him of jurisdiction, even on a
_Wednesbury_ reasonableness standard.

60 It remains for me to add that RN chose the wrong procedure for bringing a
challenge to the validity of the Payment Claim. The scheme of the SOP Act
allows for sums above $100,000 to be subject to adjudication review under s
18. This would allow for an opening of the merits of the case and a re-
hearing. A review under s 18 of the SOP Act (along with any potential right to
appeal subsequently) is entirely _different_ from the setting aside
proceedings that were before me. The rationale behind an adjudication review
was discussed in the Parliamentary Report, where it was stated (at col 1137
and 1138):

... Sir, there are two situations here. One of which is if the adjudicator
rules in favour of the claimant. When the adjudicator rules in favour of the
claimant, the claimant is then entitled to the payment by a certain due date.
In such a case, the respondent may feel aggrieved and opined [_sic_] that the
adjudication determination is unfair. Therefore, we have stipulated that for
amounts where the difference is larger than $100,000, a right of review by the
respondent is covered in the Bill, and this is really to be fair to all
parties.

Beyond this review, I think the right of appeal to a court or to an arbitrator
is always available to anyone, and it is not correct for this Bill, while
trying to solve one aspect of the problem faced by the industry, to deny that
right of appeal to a court of law itself. There may be other issues under Tort
Law that needs to be addressed. ...

61 The balance of justice has _already_ been decided statutorily. RN could
have appealed on the merits by asking for an adjudication review under s 18 of
the SOP Act, but it had first to pay TPX the Adjudicated Sum pursuant to s
18(3). This would simultaneously promote prompt payment, which is the
intention of the SOP Act, and also provide a safety net against errant
adjudicators who make mistakes of law and fact within their jurisdiction. RN
having chosen not to apply for an adjudication review, it is not for me to set
aside the Adjudication Determination on grounds which properly belong to an
adjudication review. Any mistake as to validity requires an examination of the
evidence and an application of the law and is a substantive issue going to the
merits, which the Adjudicator has the right to decide and which I cannot
interfere with.

Whether the refusal to consider the Supplementary Bundles was a breach of
natural justice

62 Mr Ling claimed that the rule of _audi_ _alteram_ _partem_ has been
infringed as the Supplementary Bundles were an essential part of RN’s case and
their exclusion meant that RN did not have opportunity to be fully heard.

63 Ms Looi argued that the Adjudicator had considered all the relevant
material and was entitled to find that the Supplementary Bundles were
irrelevant. She also argued that, in any event, the admission of the
Supplementary Bundles would have made no difference to the outcome and could
not be a ground for setting aside.

64 I found that Mr Ling’s concept of _audi_ _alteram_ _partem_ was simply too
broad. The right to have one’s case heard is not a right to have an
adjudicator consider all material which the parties think are relevant. The
adjudicator may make a decision on what considerations are relevant. The
concept of _audi alteram_ _partem_ is an open-textured one which “depends on
the character of the decision-making body, the kind of decision it has to make
and the statutory or other framework in which it operates”: Lord Bridge of
Harwich in _Lloyd v McMahon_ [1987] 1 AC 625 at 702.

65 I now turn to the statutory framework of the SOP Act. Section 15(3)(_a_) of
the Act, which was also considered by the Adjudicator, reads as follows:

15.?(3) The respondent shall not include in the adjudication response, and the
adjudicator shall not consider, any reason for withholding any amount,
including but not limited to any cross-claim, counterclaim and set-off, unless
—

(_a_) where the adjudication relates to a construction contract, the reason
was included in the relevant payment response provided by the respondent to
the claimant; ...

66 The starting point must be that the Adjudicator does not have the
jurisdiction under the SOP Act to consider any counterclaim or claim for set-
off unless it falls within the exception contained within s 15(3)(_a_).
According to RN, the Supplementary Bundles were intended to provide support
for its counterclaim against TPX for the sum of $1,392,628.61 in back charges.
This fell within the exception in s 15(3)(_a_). The Payment Response had made
reference to RN’s “set-off payments” and also its claims assessment dated 4
March 2011, which contained tabulations of the original contract sums set out
against the actual amounts that TPX had claimed, RN’s labour back charges,
subcontractors’ back charges and material back charges running into a total of
26 pages. I found that the Adjudicator was not precluded by s 15(3) from
looking at the Supplementary Bundles in reaching his decision.

67 Nonetheless, two important factors weighed against the admission of the
Supplementary Bundles into evidence. First, those Supplementary Bundles were
given after the deadline for filing an adjudication response. The 7-day
deadline given in s 15(1) of the SOP Act is intended to prevent the process of
adjudication being protracted by attempts to raise new arguments and to adduce
new evidence. Any challenge on the basis of natural justice must be seen in
context of the SOP Act’s purpose of speedy resolution of payment claim
disputes. Section 16(2)(_b_) of the SOP Act mandates that an adjudicator must
reject any adjudication response not lodged within the seven days prescribed
by s 15(1). The barring of a defence outside of time limits is not deemed a
breach of natural justice, without more. Where new evidence and new
submissions are sought to be adduced _after_ time limits have expired, a
refusal to admit them on the basis of prejudice to the other party would not
constitute a breach of the rule of _audi_ _alteram_ _partem_ as RN has already
had ample opportunity to file these documents within the time limits provided
by s 15(1) of the SOP Act. That these documents were not admitted as of right
was a result of RN’s own conduct in failing to follow the clear timelines
stipulated in the SOP Act.

68 Even if I had considered, notwithstanding the clear wording of the SOP Act,
that time lines could be extended, I found that there must be compelling
reasons to do so. Mere inadvertence, which was RN’s excuse for failing to file
the Supplementary Bundles in time (see Plaintiff’s Skeletal Submissions at
para 50), does not and cannot constitute such a reason. Given that RN was well
aware of its counterclaim at the time of filing the Adjudication Response and
as early as 4 March 2011 when it sent to TPX a list of revised tabulations of
back charges, and that these were voluminous documents which RN claimed to
have been important, I also found it rather odd that RN had simply not
realised that its supporting documents were being left out or forgotten to
raise them during negotiations over the disputed sums. More likely than not,
this was yet another tactic employed by RN to delay proceedings. The
observations of the learned Assistant Registrar in the first instance decision
of _Chip Hup_ _Hup_ _Kee Construction Pte Ltd v Ssangyong Engineering &
Construction Co Ltd_ [2008] SGHC 159 (at [75]) were helpful in bearing out
this point:

In my view, there are two points which should be borne in mind. The first is
that natural justice requires that a respondent be given a fair _opportunity_
to be heard. There is no requirement that in every case a party is actually
heard and it is entirely possible for a party to forfeit his right to be heard
through some procedural default. **_In the instant case, it is clear that the
SOP Act does afford a respondent the opportunity to be heard. In regard to the
hearing of a respondent’s reasons why payment was withheld, the SOP Act
specifies that such hearing is contingent on the reasons being provided in the
payment response tendered within certain timelines_**. What has really
happened in this case was that the Respondent chose not to avail itself of the
opportunity to be heard on its reasons for withholding payment. [emphasis in
original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

69 This is made more serious by the fact that TPX claimed, and RN did not
dispute, that it had not seen any of the documents contained within the rather
voluminous three volumes of the Supplementary Bundles and would not have had a
chance to respond to them within the time given for adjudication. I found that
TPX had effectively been ambushed by RN’s attempt to admit the Supplementary
Bundles. Its submission before the Adjudicator in a letter sent by fax and
mail and dated 8 March 2012, to the effect that the admission of the
Supplementary Bundles would be a breach of natural justice to its detriment,
was not without basis.

70 I was bound to consider the kind of decision that the Adjudicator was to
make under the Act, _viz_ , a “fast and low cost adjudication system” (see the
Parliamentary Report at col 1113) on the payment claim dispute. Even if TPX
were to have the opportunity to review and respond to the documents contained
in the Supplementary Bundles, it would have had to face further delays and
higher costs to do so. This did not sit well with the kind of decision that
the Adjudicator was meant to deliver. This was particularly so when viewed in
light of the background circumstance that TPX had first attempted to claim the
payments due under the 21 July 2009 contract on 27 May 2010, some 28 months
earlier. There had already been considerable delay and withholding of payment
in direct defiance of the intent of the SOP Act.

71 Second, s 17(3) of the SOP Act sets out exhaustively the things which an
Adjudicator must have regard to. Section 17(3) reads as follows:

17.?(3) Subject to subsection (4), in determining an adjudication application,
an adjudicator shall only have regard to the following matters:

(_a_)the provisions of this Act;

(_b_)the provisions of the contract to which the adjudication application
relates;

(_c_)the payment claim to which the adjudication application relates, the
adjudication application, and the accompanying documents thereto;

(_d_)the payment response to which the adjudication application relates (if
any), the adjudication response (if any), and the accompanying documents
thereto;

(_e_)the results of any inspection carried out by the adjudicator of any
matter to which the adjudication relates;

(_f_)the report of any expert appointed to inquire on specific issues;

(_g_)the submissions and responses of the parties to the adjudication, and any
other information or document provided at the request of the adjudicator in
relation to the adjudication; and

(_h_)any other matter that the adjudicator reasonably considers to be relevant
to the adjudication.

72 Even during the hearing, RN could not show how the Supplementary Bundles
fitted in with any of the matters contained within s 17(3) of the SOP Act. The
most promising provision that RN could have relied on was s 17(3)(_g_) and in
particular the phrase “any other information or document provided at the
request of the adjudicator in relation to the adjudication”. However, the
Adjudicator never asked for the Supplementary Bundle of Documents. The Payment
Claim, Payment Response, Adjudication Application and Adjudication Response
were intended to be self-contained documents providing all the information and
evidence needed to support the parties’ respective cases. It was only when the
Adjudicator required additional information that such information would be
sought.

73 In the present case, the Adjudicator had taken steps to streamline the
issues early on in the case. On 9 March 2012, he wrote to the parties
directing that a conference be held on 14 March 2012 at 4pm (“the Conference”)
to discuss the issue of, _inter alia_ , the admission of the Supplementary
Bundles. During the Conference, submissions were made and written submissions
were permitted to be filed subsequent to the Conference addressing all issues,
including the admission of the Supplementary Bundles. It cannot, therefore, be
said that the Adjudicator had simply dismissed the Supplementary Bundles out
of hand. In this context, I found that the affidavit of Ng on behalf of RN
claiming (at para 61) that “the Plaintiff had no opportunity to address the
Adjudicator on why the said Documents should have been admitted” is spurious
at best. In fact, extensive thought had gone into understanding what the scope
of evidence provided by the Supplementary Bundles were, and it was decided by
the Adjudicator that this was not material that he required under s 17(3)(_g_)
of the SOP Act. This was a decision that the Adjudicator was entitled to make
after having considered all the materials and matters listed under s 17(3) of
the SOP Act.

74 In order for Mr Ling to have made the case for RN that there had been a
breach of natural justice, he had to establish a “substantial denial of the
measure of natural justice that the Act requires to be given” (see _Brodyn_ at
[55]). In the circumstances and given the nature of the SOP Act, the character
of the decision-making body, and the kind of decision the Adjudicator was
being called upon to make, I was unable to find that there had been a breach
of natural justice as claimed by RN.

75 In any event, I was satisfied that the admission of the Supplementary
Bundles would have made no difference to the outcome, as there was a wealth of
material and correspondence between the parties with itemised lists of costs
which the Adjudicator had reference to, in addition to oral and written
submissions from the parties. The fact that there would be no difference to
the outcome merely underscored my finding that there had been no substantial
breach of justice from a failure to admit the Supplementary Bundles.

Conclusion

76 For the reasons given above, I dismissed RN’s application and ordered that
the Adjudicated Sum be paid out to TPX, with costs fixed at $18,000 inclusive
of disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

