Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd  
[2012] SGCA 36

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 152 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; Belinda Ang Saw Ean J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Pradeep Pillai and Debby Lim (Shook Lin & Bok LLP) for
the appellant; Daniel Koh and Nadia Binte Ibrahim (Eldan Law LLP) for the
respondent.  
Parties| :|  OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn Bhd  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] SGHC 246.]

20 July 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 By an action in the High Court, OMG Holdings Pte Ltd (“the appellant”) sued
Pos Ad Sdn Bhd (“the respondent”) for arrears of royalty payments pursuant to
a sub-licensing agreement. The trial judge (“the Judge”) held, _inter alia_ ,
first, that the appellant should not be allowed to retain the royalties
collected during the period between 22 April 1999 and 1 July 2002 as it did
not then have any rights to sub-license; and, second, that cl 9.3 of an
agreement dated 1 July 2004 between the parties (“the 2004 Agreement”) was in
restraint of trade (see _OMG Holdings Pte Ltd v Pos Ad Sdn_ _Bhd_ [2011] SGHC
246 (“the Judgment”)). The appellant appealed against the aforementioned
rulings.

2 After hearing the submissions of both parties, we allowed the appeal only in
relation to the issue of royalties collected during the period between 22
April 1999 and 1 July 2002. We now give our reasons.

Facts

Parties to the dispute

3 The appellant is a Singapore incorporated company that provides in-store
advertising programs and products. The appellant was the licensor of a system
known as the ActMedia system (“the Licensed System”) for Singapore, Indonesia,
Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia and Hong Kong. The appellant had acquired the
exclusive right to use the Licensed System within the aforementioned countries
through a master licence agreement (“the Master Licence Agreement”) which it
had entered into with ActMedia Canada Inc (a Canadian company which developed
the Licensed System) on 30 June 1993. In return, the appellant paid ActMedia
Canada Inc a royalty fee every quarter for this licence.

4 The respondent is a Malaysian incorporated company which provides
advertising media services to various brand owners for the marketing of their
products in supermarkets across Malaysia. The appellant sub-licensed its right
to the exclusive use of the Licensed System to the respondent pursuant to a
sub-licence agreement dated 1 July 1993 (“the 1993 Agreement”).

Background to the dispute

5 The Master Licence Agreement between the appellant and ActMedia Canada Inc
was terminated on 22 April 1999. Consequently, on 28 June 2000, the appellant
and the respondent entered into a Surrender of Licence Agreement (“the
Surrender Agreement”) which provided that the 1993 Agreement was surrendered
(effective 22 April 1999) following the termination of the Master Licence
Agreement between ActMedia Canada Inc and the appellant. The 1993 Agreement
was later replaced with another agreement dated 1 July 2002 (“the 2002
Agreement”); this agreement was varied twice by two addenda signed by the
parties on 13 May 2003 and 28 January 2004 respectively. During the period
between the termination of the Master Licence Agreement (which led to the
execution of the Surrender Agreement) and the entry into the 2002 Agreement
(_ie_ , between 22 April 1999 and 1 July 2002; hereinafter referred to as the
“interim period”), the appellant continued to license the respondent to use
the Licensed System and the respondent continued to make royalty payments to
the appellant in accordance with the rates provided in the 1993 Agreement.

6 Upon the expiry of the 2002 Agreement on 30 June 2004, the parties entered
into the 2004 Agreement. Under the 2004 Agreement, the respondent was to pay
to the appellant royalties amounting to 7% of the former’s gross revenue
generated from use of the Licensed System and associated products. Of especial
relevance is cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement, which stated:

Upon the termination of this Agreement, the Licensee shall return to the
Licensor copies of all manuals or similar written materials regarding the
Licensed System furnished to the Licensee hereunder. Upon any such
termination, the Licensee shall retain no rights to the Licensed System or any
part thereof, all such rights having been deemed to have been surrendered to
the Licensor. _For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensee hereby agrees that
upon termination of this Agreement, it will refrain from making use of the
Licensed System, or any part thereof, or anything resembling or similar to the
said system._

[emphasis added]

7 The “Licensed System” was defined in Recital 2 of the 2004 Agreement as:

the Name, Licensed Marks and Licensed Products.

8 “Licensed Marks” was defined in Recital 1 of the 2004 Agreement as “various
logos and intellectual property”. The “Name” was not defined. “Licensed
Products” was defined at Schedule A to the 2004 Agreement as including the
following:

1.SHELFVISION TAKE-ONE

2.SHELF VISION

3.INSTANT COUPON MACHINE

4.SHELF TELEVISION (PRIME CHANNEL)

5.PRIME VISION

6.INFO VISION

7.FREEZER VISION

8.TROLLEY/CARTVISION

9.SHELF BANNER

10.ANY ACTMEDIA PRODUCT APPLICATION RELATING TO THE 5 SENSES

11.ANY NEW PRODUCTS THAT IS [_SIC_] DEVELOPED BY THE LICENSOR DURING THE TERMS
OF THIS AGREEMENT

9 The appellant provided the following particulars of the Licensed System and
Licensed Products (at paras 8A.i-8A.v of the Statement of Claim (Amendment No
2)):

i. The innovative concept of using the “5 senses” in relation to in-store
advertising.

ii. The knowledge, methodology and know-how for in-store advertising and sales
strategies and in implementing the Licensed Products to achieve maximum
benefit for marketers and retailers;

iii. Services to train and support the Plaintiffs’ licensees with techniques
and with new Licensed Products developed by the Plaintiffs from time to time
during the term of [the 2004 Agreement]; and

iv. Services to engage retailers and/or marketers, on behalf or in tandem with
the Plaintiffs’ licensees.

v. The use of distinctive shelf-mounting brackets and other shelf-mounting
brackets perpendicularly holding a mounted advertisement boarding that engages
1 or more of a consumer’s senses brand-framed electronic LCD/TV advertisements
displays, shelf-mounted sample dispensers, trolley mounted advertisements, and
other customized materials supplied in connection with [the 2004 Agreement].

10 The appellant terminated the 2004 Agreement on 3 March 2009 on account of
the respondent’s failure to pay RM 967,753.45 in royalties (as at 31 December
2008).

Pleadings

11 The appellant initiated legal proceedings against the respondent for (a)
arrears of outstanding royalty payments for the period between December 2007
and December 2008 under the 2004 Agreement, which as at 31 December 2008
amounted to RM 967,753.45; (b) an account of all revenue received and profit
generated from the respondent’s breach of cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement; (c) an
injunction to restrain the respondent’s use of the products/copies of the
products pertaining to the 2004 Agreement; and (d) inverse passing off.

12 In response, the respondent counterclaimed for (a) damages for fraudulent
misrepresentation and rescission of the 2004 Agreement, alleging that the
appellant had made various pre-contractual misrepresentations in relation to
the agreements signed in 1993, 2002 and 2004; (b) return of the royalties paid
from 2003 to 2007 on the basis that, first, the 2004 Agreement was wrongfully
terminated and the appellant had failed to inform it that the Master Licence
Agreement had been terminated on 22 April 1999, and, second, that the
Surrender Agreement was erroneously prepared and imprecise; and (c) a
declaration that cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement constituted an unreasonable
restraint of trade and was therefore invalid.

13 The appellant pleaded the following in the Statement of Claim (Amendment No
2) in relation to the issues on appeal:

(a) that it has “significant goodwill in the Licensed Products and Licensed
System … in Asia which are used in the in-store marketing of consumer package
goods in supermarkets, hypermarkets, personal care stores and mass-
merchandisers more particularly described in Schedule A of [the 2004
Agreement]. The Licensed Products and [the Licensed System] have been in use
in Asia and currently in use in _inter alia_ Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand,
Phillipines, Hong Kong and Taiwan”; and

(b) that the respondent expressly acknowledged the above in the 2004
Agreement.

14 The respondent pleaded the following in its Defence and Counterclaim
(Amendment No 2) in relation to the issues on appeal:

(a) it denied that the appellant has goodwill in the Licensed Products and
Licensed System; and

(b) it asserted that cl 9.3 of the 2004 Agreement is unlawful in its operation
as an unreasonable restraint of trade, in particular:

(i) the phrase “anything resembling or similar to the said system” constitutes
an unreasonable restraint of trade, restricting the respondent’s freedom to
make use of any other products resembling or similar to the Licensed System
upon termination of the 2004 Agreement; and

(ii) cl 9.3 exists in perpetuity and on a worldwide basis.

Decision below

15 The Judge allowed the appellant’s claim in relation to the royalty payments
outstanding up to 3 March 2009 (but _not_ for royalties accrued post-
termination for the period between 3 March 2009 and 3 May 2009), which
amounted to RM 1,161,253.45. However, the Judge found that the plaintiff did
not have any rights to the Licensed System which it could sub-license during
the interim period. It was undisputed that a total of RM 840,236.49 was paid
by the respondent to the appellant during the interim period (applying the
same rates of payment as provided under the 1993 Agreement). Consequently, the
Judge ordered the appellant to return to the respondent the royalties paid
during the interim period. Accordingly, the respondent was ordered to pay to
the appellant a total of RM 321,016.96.

16 The remainder of the appellant’s claim and the respondent’s counterclaim
was dismissed.

Issues before the court

17 In these grounds we intend to address only the issue of the Judge’s ruling
that the royalties paid during the interim period should be returned by the
appellant to the respondent. The other ground of appeal raised by the
appellant (_ie_ , that the Judge erred in finding that cl 9.3 of the 2004
Agreement was in restraint of trade) was without merit. We agreed with the
reasoning of the Judge that the ambit of cl 9.3 was “simply too wide to be
reasonable” (see [25]–[29] of the Judgment) and this ground of the appeal was
accordingly dismissed. We do not propose to say anything more on it.

Analysis

Was the Judge entitled to rule on the issue of the royalties paid during the
interim period?

Applicable law

18 Pleadings are meant to “narrow the parties to definite issues” (_Thorp v
Holdsworth_ (1876) 3 Ch. D 637 at 639, per Jessel MR). It is trite law that
the court may permit an unpleaded point to be raised if no injustice or
irreparable prejudice (that cannot be compensated by costs) will be occasioned
to the other party (see _Lu Bang Song v Teambuild Construction Pte Ltd and
Another and Another_ _Appeal_ [2009] SGHC 49 (“ _Lu Bang Song_ ”) at [17] and
_Boustead Trading (1985) Sdn_ _Bhd_ _v Arab-Malaysian Merchant Bank_ [1995] 3
MLJ 331 (“ _Boustead Trading_ ”) at 341–342). In the same vein, evidence given
at trial can, where appropriate, overcome defects in the pleadings provided
that the other party is not taken by surprise or irreparably prejudiced (see
_Lu Bang Song_ at [17]).

19 In _Lu Bang Song_ , a case involving personal injuries which arose out of
an industrial accident, the plaintiff’s pleaded case was that insufficient
workers were assigned to assist him in discharging pre-mixed concrete from a
metal bucket at the site where he was carrying out works. The district judge
based his decision on additional grounds which did not form part of the
plaintiff’s pleaded case, _viz_ , _inter alia_ , that the plaintiff’s co-
workers assigned by the employers were in dereliction of their duties and that
the employers were thereby vicariously liable for those workers’ failure.
Crucially, no questions relating to the aforesaid grounds were put to the
employers’ witnesses in cross-examination. The High Court found that, on the
whole, the employers were not given an opportunity to respond to these
unpleaded grounds which were accepted by the district judge in coming to his
decision. Although the High Court there also found that the pleadings were
poorly drafted, it held that this did not entitle the district judge to decide
the case on the basis of an issue that was not canvassed before him.

20 Earlier, views along similar veins were expressed in _MFH Marine Pte Ltd v
Asmoniah bin Mohamad_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 532, where the High Court acknowledged
at [14] that while the district judge in that case was motivated by a desire
not to allow poorly drafted pleadings to deprive a party of his rights, this
had to be balanced:

against the requirement in our system of justice that issues for determination
by the court should be carefully framed and all parties should have the
opportunity to address the court on those issues before the court adjudicates
thereon.

21 The court then quoted the following pithy statement made by Sharma J in
_Janagi v Ong Boon Kiat_ [1971] 2 MLJ 196:

..._The court is not entitled to decide a suit on a matter on which no issue
has been raised by the parties. It is not the duty of the court to make out a
case for one of the parties when the party concerned does not raise or wish to
raise the point._ In disposing of a suit or matter involving a disputed
question of fact it is not proper for the court to displace the case made by a
party in its pleadings and give effect to an entirely new case which the party
had not made out in its own pleadings. The trial of a suit should be confined
to the plea on which the parties are at variance.

[emphasis added]

Application of law to facts

22 The Judge effectively set off the royalties paid by the respondent to the
appellant during the interim period against the royalty payments outstanding
up to 3 March 2009 in assessing the overall amount of royalties payable by the
respondent to the appellant (_viz_ , the appellant’s claim for arrears of
royalty payments). He found at [86] of the Judgment that:

... there was a period between the termination of the Master Licence Agreement
on 22 April 1999 and the commencement of the 2002 Agreement on 1 July 2002
during which the Plaintiff did not have any rights which it could sub-license
to the Defendant. It follows that the Plaintiff should not be allowed to
collect royalties for that period. …

23 No further explanation was provided as to why only the royalties paid
during the interim period was not payable by the respondent to the appellant
and ought to be refunded. However, on appeal, the parties inexplicably chose
to submit their arguments on the basis that the Judge’s decision was based on
a finding that there was no contract between the parties during the interim
period. The respondent made the argument that the payments were effected under
a mistake as to its own legal obligations. Contrary to the position taken by
the respondent, the appellant argued that there was an informal, unwritten
licence agreement, relying, _inter alia_ , on the evidence of Mr Robert
Mebruer (PW4) that, despite the surrender of the 1993 Agreement, the parties
had “proceeded in good faith on the terms of the 1993 Agreement”,[note: 1]
although Mr Mebruer acknowledged that no formal written agreement was made
between the parties until 2002.

24 The appellant further averred that the Judge was not entitled to make an
order for the recovery of royalties paid during the interim period as it was
not part of either party’s pleaded case. Moreover, this was not a case where
no injustice or irreparable prejudice would be suffered by the appellant if
such an unpleaded claim were to be allowed (see _Boustead Trading_ at
341–342). While the appellant acknowledged that, during cross-examination, the
respondent’s counsel and Mr Mebruer had discussed the question of royalties
paid during the interim period and the Judge had similarly posed questions to
Mr Mebruer on this issue, the appellant contended that the questions posed to
Mr Mebruer were based on pleadings and were not _related_ to a claim for
repayment of royalties paid during the interim period. Accordingly, the
appellant argued that the evidence given at trial could not overcome the
defects in pleadings and that the respondent should have applied to amend its
pleadings to include a claim in restitution. Finally, the appellant asserted
that it was prejudiced by (a) the respondent’s failure to amend the latter’s
pleadings and (b) the corresponding orders made by the Judge, as it could not
reasonably have expected that the respondent would be claiming the refund of
the royalties paid during the interim period, or that the Judge was
considering a case regarding the same.

25 Conversely, the respondent argued that the instant issue arose in the
course of the respondent’s pursuit of its counterclaims against the appellant
for misrepresentation and that the fact that the appellant did not have any
rights to sub-license during the interim period was a “mere variation to, or
development of, what it had averred in its pleadings”[note: 2] (citing from
_John G Stein & Co Ltd v O’Hanlon_ [1965] AC 890 (“ _John G Stein & Co Ltd_”)
at 909). The respondent also pointed out that the appellant did not object
during the trial when Mr Mebruer was directly cross-examined on this
matter[note: 3] and similarly when Mr Chew Keng Yong (DW1) was also cross-
examined on this matter. The respondent further argued that both parties had
the opportunity to raise objections or submit on this issue and highlighted
the fact that its own Closing Submissions (which technically did not
constitute pleadings) contained the following heading at para 14(a)(ii):

1999 – A determination of what rights the Plaintiff purportedly had and
royalties to be paid by the Defendant to the Plaintiff in [_sic_] light of the
termination of the Master Licence Agreement between the Plaintiff and ActMedia
Canada.

26 The respondent also pointed out that the appellant acknowledged the
aforementioned paragraph in its Reply to the Defendant’s Closing Submissions
although its reply (or rather, its decision not to reply) was as follows:

[the appellant] intends to be concise on issues which they believe are
irrelevant and ... [the appellant shall] concentrate on the truly pertinent
issues.

Our views

27 To our mind, the facts as pleaded by the parties did not cover – and in any
case, could not be viewed as having been in contemplation of – the specific
issue of the refund of the amount of royalties paid by the respondent during
the interim period. It could not have reasonably occurred to the appellant
that if the respondent should fail in its counterclaim based on the general
ground of misrepresentation, the respondent would be asking, in the
alternative, for a refund of the royalties paid during the interim period
based on the fact that there was no written agreement in existence between the
parties for that period. If this alternative basis of claim had been properly
pleaded (and it would have probably been a claim in restitution), it would not
have been difficult for the appellant to plead an implied contract or a
contract by conduct. The basic position of the respondent at the trial was
that the appellant had fraudulently concealed the termination of the Master
Licence Agreement with ActMedia Canada Inc and that the appellant had
wrongfully held themselves out as having the rights under the Master Licence
Agreement to sub-license the Licensed System to the respondent. The issue of
royalties paid during the interim period was only very briefly and
tangentially touched on during the trial (if it was even addressed at all).
What was really canvassed during the trial was the question of the outstanding
amount owed to the appellant, not whether royalties already paid to the
appellant should be returned to the respondent. In fact, neither party
explicitly or impliedly mentioned the refund of royalty payments made during
the interim period and no arguments were made in that regard. Accordingly, we
did not think that the Judge’s ruling could be described as a “variation,
modification or development of what [was] averred” (_John G Stein & Co Ltd_ at
909) in the pleadings and the trial itself.

28 Undoubtedly, the prejudice to the appellant in this case was obvious. The
direct prejudice to the appellant was that it was ordered to return the
royalties paid during the interim period when that was not a part of the
respondent’s counterclaim. This determination took the appellant completely by
surprise.

No other grounds available to justify the Judge’s order

29 For completeness, we will hereafter discuss briefly whether there could be
other grounds upon which to justify the Judge’s order in relation to the
royalties received by the appellant during the interim period.

30 On the facts, there appears to have been some sort of arrangement between
the parties during the interim period. This is evident from the respondent’s
conduct. In particular, the respondent continued to make royalty payments
after the Surrender Agreement was signed in 2000 (_ie_ , during the interim
period), despite being fully aware that the Master Licence Agreement had been
terminated. In fact, the Judge made a specific finding (and justifiably so)
that the respondent knew that the Master Licence Agreement had been
terminated; he found Mr Chew Keng Yong’s testimony to be contradictory and
inconsistent and relied on the fact that Recital B of the Surrender Agreement
explicitly stated that:

Due to the termination of the Head Licence Agreement [_ie_ , the Master
Licence Agreement] between the Licensor and the Head Licensor, the Licensor
has no alternative but to terminate the sub-licence agreement as described in
the preceding recital.

31 Moreover, cl 1.1 of the Surrender Agreement also stated that neither party
would be entitled to claim against the other as a result of the surrender. The
respondent’s willingness to continue making royalty payments suggests that
there was some sort of arrangement between the parties. The appellant
submitted that the respondent was willing to enter into an arrangement with
the appellant and pay the royalties notwithstanding that the latter had no
rights to sub-license because (a) it desired “the continuation of
relationship” and preferred to purchase the appellant’s cheaper products
instead of purchasing the Licensed System and products directly from ActMedia
Canada Inc and (b) it wished to maintain its near-monopoly status in the
Malaysian market and was, in any event, prepared to take the risk of mistaken
obligation. This could be gleaned from Mr Chew Keng Yong’s testimony as he
explicitly acknowledged the respondent’s constant desire for a continuation of
the licensing relationship:[note: 4]

Q:Remember a few minutes ago we talked about the July 1993 agreement? _The
first agreement, 1st July 1993_**.**

A:Yes.

Q:It was valid for 3 years and then there’s an automatic extension for 10
years. And it would have taken you to 2006, correct?

A:(No audible answer)

Q:Now, if that agreement was going to take you to 2006, why was there a need
to sign a 2002 agreement?

A:As I’ve said, there was lot of discussion going on...between [the
respondent] and [the appellant] about what was going on between ActMedia and
them. And, er, like I said, we were doing very well, we were best of friends
and, er, there was a---a lot of talk about a lot of things

...

_And_ **__**_I---if I kept up with the license, I will effectively keep
ActMedia out of Malaysia because if I turn then---if we stop the relationship,
naturally they will come and, you know, at some point in the future will come
to Malaysia to compete with us._ So because of the continuation of
relationship we had a sort of a monopoly in Malaysia and that was a very
comfortable position.

[emphasis added]

Similarly, at a later part of his cross-examination, Mr Chew said:[note: 5]

Q:Now, Mr Chew, you paid---your company paid 8.6 million ringgit in royalties
over the space from 1993 to 2009. That’s quite a lot of money. In addition,
you paid for hardware, correct? So you want the Court to believe that you paid
8.6 million ringgit in royalties just for the right to use the hardware and
the names, correct?

A:Yes.

Q:Now, why couldn’t you just go and manufacture your own hardware and pay for
it? Why must you come to [the appellant]? You could have gone to---like you
have now---there’s some evidence that you---you went to, I think, China. There
were some air tickets that peo---

A:Yes.

...

Q:Why couldn’t you just go in 1993, 1994, paid for somebody to produce these
clamps or these products? _Why did you need to enter into agreement with my
clients and pay 8.6 million ringgit of royalties?_

A:Well, your Honour, for---since the very beginning, er, of the relationship,
we have had, erm, been good friends with [the appellant] ... and, er, _I was
very keen to keep the status quo because if I continued the relationship, er,
ActMedia would stay out of Malaysia and I will have a near monopoly in the---
in the territory._ So that was, er, more than worthwile to pay the 5% and
subsequently, the 7% because the profit margin at the top was pretty good.

[emphasis added]

32 That said, however, there is evidence which suggests that there was no
formal contract. Mr Mebruer confirmed during cross-examination that although
he remembered talking to the lawyer advising the appellant then about “implied
agreements”, “there was no agreement in place” during the interim period (see
[23] above).[note: 6] Obviously, in this response, Mr Mebruer must have meant
that there was no _written agreement_ in place, as opposed to there being no
arrangement or understanding at all.

33 The respondent also made other arguments in this regard but they were all
plagued by the same flaw: they do not necessarily support the contention that
there was no arrangement or understanding between the parties during the
interim period.

34 The first argument put forth by the respondent was that the appellant
“acted in breach” of its settlement agreement of 2006 with ActMedia Canada Inc
in “continuing to sub-license certain ActMedia Products”[note: 7] to the
respondent following the termination of the Master Licence Agreement. The
respondent argued that “apart from a few minor changes”,[note: 8] the
appellant’s product was identical to that marketed by ActMedia Canada Inc.
However, this acknowledgement that there was an arrangement to “sub-license”
in fact fortifies the appellant’s case that there was some contractual
arrangement between the appellant and the respondent. Even if by entering into
the contractual arrangement with the respondent the appellant was acting in
breach of its contract with ActMedia Canada Inc, this did not mean that,
first, there was no contract between the appellant and the respondent, and,
second, a sub-licensing contract between the appellant and the respondent was
not enforceable.

35 The second argument related to the _nemo_ _dat non quod_ _habet_ principle
and the respondent accordingly argued that the appellant should not be allowed
to retain the royalties. The respondent averred that this principle has been
applied to personal property and in particular to debts, copyright and
goodwill, citing Michael Bridge, _Personal Property Law_ (Oxford University
Press, 2002) (“Michael Bridge”). For accuracy, it should be stated that
despite the cited proposition from Michael Bridge, it is unclear if licensing
rights are proprietary in nature (and therefore constituting “personal
property” and attracting the application of the _nemo_ _dat_ principle) or
merely personal rights that may be assigned. In any case, the respondent’s
arguments were confused and without merit. It is trite law that A may contract
to sell B something that A does not presently have – if B has fulfilled his
part of the bargain and A has not, the remedy available to B is for him to sue
A for breach of contract. Accordingly, applying that example to this case, it
is plainly obvious that if there was such a contract to sub-license during the
interim period, the respondent’s remedy would be to sue the appellant for
breach of contract if the respondent had been unable or was prevented by
ActMedia Canada Inc from using the Licensed System or the products supplied by
the appellant. The respondent did use the Licensed System during the interim
period and was not prevented from doing so by ActMedia Canada Inc. By the time
this suit came up for trial before the High Court, any rights which ActMedia
Canada Inc had against the respondent would have been time-barred. The
appellant had fulfilled its part of the bargain. Indeed, it also seems to us
that the position of the parties during the interim period could not really be
any different from that after the parties had signed the 2002 Agreement. The
only difference between the two situations is that for the interim period
there was only an oral or implied contract, whereas for the subsequent period
there was a formal written agreement. If, as the Judge had found, the
appellant was entitled to the royalty payments for the period from 2002, the
same should follow for the interim period. It is clear from the evidence of Mr
Chew Keng Yong (see [31] above) that the respondent was aware that the
appellant was then in consultation with ActMedia Canada Inc as to the
arrangement between the latter two parties. This could be the explanation why
ActMedia Canada Inc did not take any action against the respondent.

36 The third point raised by the respondent (which is related to the second)
was that it paid royalties during the interim period for “exclusive rights”
and as the appellant did not have any rights (let alone exclusive rights) to
sub-license, it was entitled to recover the royalties paid. Again, this
argument did not suggest that there was no contract between the appellant and
the respondent during the interim period. For the reasons already given above,
this point was without merit.

37 In the result, quite apart from the issue pertaining to the pleadings, we
would have, on the evidence, no difficulties in concluding, especially in the
light of the Surrender Agreement and the conduct of the parties then, that
there was an informal or implied agreement between the parties during the
interim period implicitly along the lines of the 1993 Agreement, pursuant to
which the respondent continued to pay royalties to the appellant. On the
respondent’s own evidence, it was prepared to make the royalty payments to the
appellant in order to retain its near-monopoly status in the Malaysian market.

Restitutionary liability

38 Taking the argument one step further, and assuming that there was no
implied agreement between the parties during the interim period, it seems to
us that the only basis upon which the respondent could claim for a refund of
the royalties paid during the interim period was restitution. However, this
basis for refund was not raised by the parties at trial because, as mentioned
at [27] above, a claim for refund of only the royalties paid during the
interim period was not a part of the respondent’s counterclaim. As such (and
understandably so), the question of restitution was not addressed by the
Judge.

39 While there seems to be some controversy as to the legal basis upon which a
claim in restitution may be made, it seems that the better view is that such a
claim should be founded on the basis of unjust enrichment rather than implied
contract (see _Sinclair v Brougham and Another_ [1914] AC 398; _cf_ _United
Australia, Limited v Barclays Bank, Limited_ [1941] AC 1, _Attorney-General v
Nissan_ [1970] AC 179 and _Owen v Tate and Another_ [1976] 1 QB 402). Thus for
the respondent to be able to establish unjust enrichment, it must show that
permitting the appellant to retain the payments would be unjust.

40 There are also other difficulties standing in the way of the respondent’s
claim in restitution. We think it would suffice to mark out just two problems.

41 First, the claim could well be time-barred under s 6(1)(a) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) (“the Limitation Act”) as the date the
cause of action accrued (_ie_ , the date of the last payment during the
interim period) was certainly before 1 July 2002 (_ie_ , the date the 2002
Agreement was signed). We used the expression “could well” because s 6(1)(a)
only covers “actions founded on a contract or on tort”. So the question is,
does a claim in restitution based on unjust enrichment come within the ambit
of s 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act? Is such a claim a claim in contract or
tort?

42 The Limitation Act was modelled after the English Limitation Act 1939 (c
21) (UK) (“the English Limitation Act 1939”). Although the English Limitation
Act 1939 has since been repealed in its entirety and replaced by the
Limitation Act 1980 (c 58) (UK) (“the English Limitation Act 1980”), the
latter Act also does not expressly deal with unjust enrichment claims except
for four narrow exceptions: (a) s 9 provides for restitutionary actions under
the Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act 1943 (c 40) (UK); (b) s 10(1)
provides for contribution claims under the Civil Liability (Contribution) Act
1978 (c 47) (UK); (c) s 22(a) provides a twelve-year limitation period for
personal or proprietary remedies claiming a share of a deceased’s estate; and
(d) s 21(3) provides for actions by a beneficiary to recover trust property or
in respect of any breach of trust (as referenced in Andrew Burrows, _The Law
of Restitution_ (Oxford University Press, 3th ed, 2011) at pp 605–606). The
Law Commission in England opined that the English Limitation Act 1980 could
not be directly applied to the law of restitution founded on unjust enrichment
(see The Law Commission, _Limitation of Actions: Item 2 of the Seventh
Programme of Law Reform_ (10 July 2001) LAW COM No 270 at para 1.9 (Chairman:
The Honourable Mr Justice Carnwath CVO)) – a concern earlier voiced by Lord
Goff of Chieveley in _Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Lincoln City Council_ [1999] 2 AC
349 at 389.

43 However, the English courts appear to have given an extended meaning to s 2
of the English Limitation Act 1939 which governed limitation on actions in
contract or in tort. We see this approach being taken in _Re Diplock_ [1948]
Ch 465 where Lord Greene MR held (at 514) that s 2 could be taken to “cover
actions for money had and received, formerly actions on the case” though he
recognised that the “words used cannot be regarded as felicitous”. Similarly,
in _Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Sandwell Borough Council_ [1994] 4 All ER 890,
Hobhouse J, having examined the Hansard, considered s 2 to be “sufficiently
broad” to cover an action for money had and received. In this regard, he noted
that the Solicitor General had stated during a debate on the English
Limitation Act 1939 that the Law Revision Committee’s _Fifth Interim
Report:__(Statutes of Limitation)_ (Cmnd 5334, 1936) recommended that the
period for all tort or simple contract actions (including quasi-contractual
actions) should be six years.

44 It would therefore appear that in England, quasi-contractual claims will be
barred after six years, subject to other provisions of the English Limitation
Act 1980. In substance, the quasi-contractual claims subsumed under s 2 would
typically include the bulk of what are in essence _restitutionary_ claims:
_eg_ , recovery of money paid under a mistake of fact, duress or total failure
of consideration, in compulsory discharge of another’s debt, or in pursuance
of a void contract; and recovery of goods supplied or services rendered under
ineffective or unenforceable transactions, or contracts that fail for want of
certainty, authority, illegality or mistake (see HM McLean, “Limitation of
Actions in Restitution” [1989] CLJ 472 at 476).

45 In Singapore, this problem seems to have been touched upon in _Management
Corporation Strata Title No 473 v De Beers Jewellery Pte Ltd_ [2002] 1 SLR(R)
418, where the Court of Appeal stated at [32] that “a claim in unjust
enrichment which was neither grounded in contract nor tort, and in which
equitable relief was not sought, did not fall within the scope of the
[Limitation] Act”. However, the court seemed to opine at [33] that the
doctrine of laches applied to actions in unjust enrichment and two important
factors in this regard were the length of the delay and the acts done during
the time.

46 The Law Reform Committee of the Singapore Academy of Law, like the Law
Commission in England, recommended in 2007 that the Limitation Act should be
amended to include a new s 6(1)(e) which provides for a limitation period of
six years for “actions founded on restitution including restitutionary
claims”. It declined to provide a definition for the term “restitutionary”,
stating that it would be preferable to leave this to the courts to interpret
(see Law Reform Committee, Singapore Academy of Law, _Report of the Law Reform
Committee on the Review of the Limitation Act (Cap 163)_ (February 2007) at
para 78 (Chairman: Charles Lim Aeng Cheng). The Law Reform Committee also
suggested that a “long-stop period” of 12 years should apply with regard to
actions in which relief is sought from the consequences of mistake, whether of
law or of fact (_ibid_ at para 85).

47 Second, in the circumstances of the present case, there would be
considerable difficulty in regarding the retention of the royalties received
by the appellant during the interim period as being unjust.

48 The respondent continued to make royalty payments despite being _fully
aware_ that the appellant did not have any rights to sub-license. It is
unclear what was “unjust” about the appellant being enriched by the royalty
payments when the respondent knew precisely that the appellant did not have
any rights to sub-license; the respondent had its own motive to continue to
make the payments and would probably have recourse against the appellant if
ActMedia Canada Inc were to sue the respondent for the use of the Licensed
System. Here we would also point out that the parties contracted to give up
any claims against each other pertaining to the 1993 Agreement pursuant to cl
1.1 of the Surrender Agreement signed in 2000 (although this would only cover
a portion of the payments made during the interim period). In any case, since
the respondent willingly made the payments to the appellant in spite of the
absence of a valid and enforceable agreement between them while being fully
aware that the appellant did not have any rights to sub-license, it would not
lie in the mouth of the respondent to complain that the consideration for its
payment had failed (see _Thomas v Brown_ (1876) 1 QBD 714). In the
circumstances, it is also possible to infer that the respondent intended the
appellant to have the benefit of the enrichment in all events and voluntarily
assumed the risk of the vitiating factor occurring (see _Skandinaviska_
_Enskilda_ _Banken AB (Publ), Singapore Branch v Asia Pacific Breweries
(Singapore) Pte Ltd and another and another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 540). This is
warranted by Mr Chew Keng Yong’s response during cross-examination[note: 9]
which is reproduced below:

And I---if I kept up with the license, I will effectively keep ActMedia out of
Malaysia because if I turn then---if we stop the relationship, naturally they
will come and, you know, at some point in the future will come to Malaysia to
compete with us.

Conclusion

49 In conclusion, we restate that having determined that the issue of
royalties paid during the interim period was neither pleaded nor canvassed in
the trial below, we found that the Judge was not entitled to order the
appellant to return the royalties paid by the respondent during the interim
period. In the circumstances, we allowed the appeal only in respect of the
refund of royalties paid during the period between 22 April 1999 and 1 July
2002.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal, Vol III (H), p 112.

[note: 2]Respondent’s Case, pp 21-22

[note: 3]Respondent’s Case, pp 23–24.

[note: 4]Record of Appeal, Vol III (R), pp 122–123.

[note: 5]Record of Appeal, Vol III (R), pp 229-230.

[note: 6]Record of Appeal, Vol III (Q), p 130.

[note: 7]Respondent’s Case, p 33.

[note: 8]Respondent’s Case, p 40.

[note: 9]Record of Appeal, Vol III (R), pp 122–123.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

