Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Lee Wei Kong (by his litigation representative Lee Swee Chit) _v_ Ng Siok
Tong  
[2012] SGCA 4

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 12 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 13 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joyce Fernando (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the
appellant; Patrick Yeo and Lim Hui Ying (KhattarWong) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Lee Wei Kong (by his litigation representative Lee Swee Chit) —
Ng Siok Tong  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2010] SGHC 371.]

13 January 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the assessment of damages made by the High Court
Judge (“the Judge”) in a suit instituted by the Appellant, who was injured in
a motor accident where the Appellant was a pedestrian and the Respondent was
the driver of a taxi.

Background

2 On 2 January 2005, the Appellant was crossing Jurong East Ave 1 at a
pedestrian crossing when he was knocked down by the Respondent’s taxi. At the
time of the accident, the Appellant was aged 18 and was just about to commence
his second and final year at Anglo-Chinese Junior College (“ACJC”). He was
severely injured and was admitted to the National University of Singapore
Hospital (“NUH”) where an emergency craniotomy was carried out to remove large
blood clots from his brain. He was in a coma for some 17 days. On 15 February
2005, he was transferred to Tan Tock Seng Rehabilitation Centre where he
remained for rehabilitation until 10 June 2005.

3 On 11 April 2006, the Appellant commenced Suit No 215 of 2006 against the
Respondent. On 31 January 2008, by consent, interlocutory judgment was entered
in the Appellant’s favour with the Respondent being held 75% liable for the
accident. On 12 March 2009, as the Appellant still could not manage himself
and his affairs, his father was appointed, pursuant to the Mental Disorders
and Treatment Act (Cap 178, 1985 Rev Ed), as his Committee of Person and
Estate.

4 The assessment of damages was carried out by the Assistant Registrar (“the
AR”) in 2009 and damages were eventually assessed at a total of $1.3m (on a
100% liability basis). Both parties were dissatisfied with the AR’s decision,
with the Respondent filing an appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 440 of 2009 (“RA
440/2009”) and the Appellant filing an appeal in Registrar’s Appeal No 445 of
2009 (“RA 445/2009”).

The medical evidence

5 As to be expected, much of the evidence adduced at the assessment was of a
medical nature. Dr Lai Chan See (“Dr Lai”), a specialist in occupational
medicine engaged by the Respondent’s lawyers, stated that the physical
injuries suffered by the Appellant from the accident were the following:

• Severe traumatic head injuries, with

(a) fracture of the left zygoma and fracture of the left temporal bone that
extended to the base of skull

(b) large left parieto-temporal extradural haematoma with severe mass effect
that caused a midline shift of the brain,

(c) bilateral frontal subdural haematomas

(d) subarachnoid haemorrhage

(e) right brain contusion, and

• Fracture of the 6th cervical vertebra

Emergency craniotomy was done to remove the extradural and subdural
haematomas. Post-operative scans revealed that the massive extradural
haematoma had caused a kinking of the posterior cerebral artery as it ran over
the tentorium, leading to infarction [tissue death due to lack of oxygen] of
that part of the brain supplied by this artery.

During the post-operative period, he developed bacteraemia, pneumonia and
urinary tract infection requiring antibiotic therapy. He also had seizures
that required anticonvulsants for control. Tracheostomy was done on 12.01.2005
so that he could be mechanically ventilated through a respirator. ...

6 In December 2008, nearly four years after the accident, Dr Lai noted that
the following physical and cognitive disabilities still remained[note: 1]:

[C]ognitive impairment affecting his memory, concentration and reasoning

[S]peech impairment with dysphasia and dysarthria

[L]eft lateral squint

[R]ight homonymous hemianopia [blindness in right visual field]

[S]light muscle incoordination of the limbs affecting his balance

[I]mpairment of sphincteric control resulting in urinary and bowel urgency

Dr Lai stated that these impairments were permanent. For a better
understanding of the Appellant’s continuing cognitive disabilities, the
following part of Dr Lai’s report is pertinent:

His memory is poor – he recalled only two out of six shopping items given to
him after a lapse of ten minutes. His concentration is also poor. He gave up
doing the serial-7 subtraction test after only four attempts (100, 93,
**_87_** , **_69_** , then gave up). He expects a return of $1.30 change on
giving a $10.00 note to buy a bottle of coffee powder costing $8.90. He tires
easily, yawning repeatedly during the latter half of the consultation.
Although his passion is in art and after studying a year in an art school he
cannot name a single Singaporean artist. He knows the names of a few western
artists – Dali, Monet, Rambrandt [_sic_], Van Gogh – but cannot give a simple
description of their painting styles. On a couple of occasions he talked about
God, which was out of context with the topic at hand.

[emphasis in bold italics in original]

7 A psychometric test using the Weschler Adult Intelligence Scale – Third
Edition in September 2008 had the following results[note: 2]:

[The Appellant’s] skills in understanding verbal information, thinking with
words and expressing thoughts in words (VIQ) are classified as being in the
‘Borderline’ to ‘Low Average’ range and ranked in the 10th percentile. His
skills in solving non-verbal problems, in working quickly and efficiently with
visual information (PIQ) are classified as being in the ‘Average’ range and
ranked in the 42nd percentile. ...

Based on an analysis of the individual subtests, it appears that [the
Appellant] _fared much better on tasks that tapped on nonverbal reasoning_
_... and that required him to recall facts that he had learnt previously_ _…_
. However _when it came to tasks that required verbal reasoning and expressive
language_ _... [the Appellant’s] performances on these subtests was
significantly weaker. Moreover he also displayed significant difficulties with
tasks that tapped on attention and working memory_.

[emphasis added]

8 As for psychological disabilities, Dr Adrian Wang Chee Cheng (“Dr Wang”), a
consultant psychiatrist, testified that when he first examined the Appellant
in August 2008 (about three and a half years after the accident), the latter
had a diminished sense of self-restraint, impaired judgment, increased
impulsivity and occasional temper outbursts[note: 3]. Dr Wang diagnosed the
Appellant as suffering from “organic brain syndrome” with an increased risk of
developing depressive, anxiety and psychotic disorders. In a subsequent
consultation in October 2008, Dr Wang concluded that the Appellant had, in
addition, developed “organic psychosis” which manifested itself in
disorganised speech and rambling, and undue suspicion and paranoia[note: 4].

Decisions Below

9 In this appeal, only the awards in respect of four heads of claim are being
challenged by the Appellant. For convenience, they are set out in the table
below, together with an indication as to the amount given by the AR for each
head of claim as well as the variations made by the Judge:

Head of damage |  The AR |  The Judge  
---|---|---  
Pain and suffering |  $285,000 |  $160,000  
Loss of earning capacity |  $600,000 |  $250,000  
Future psychiatric treatment |  $144,000 |  $90,000  
Mother’s pre-trial loss of income |  $72,600 |  Award set aside  
Total |  $1,101,600 |  $500,000  
  
  

We will examine each of these four heads of claim _seriatim_.

Pain and suffering

10 In determining the damages for pain and suffering, the AR preferred the
component approach over the global approach where, as in this case, “the
resultant deficits are identifiable and discrete”. She awarded damages in the
sum of $285,000, made up as follows:

(a) in respect of structural damage to the whole body, $80,000. She added that
the Appellant’s head injuries were no less serious than those in _Tan Yu Min
Winston (by his next friend Tan Cheng Tong) v Uni-Fruitveg Pte Ltd_ [2008] 4
SLR(R) 825 (“ _Winston Tan_ ”);

(b) in respect of psychological damage, $60,000. She noted that the injury to
the frontal lobe of the brain left the Appellant with mood instability and
changes in personality and outlook;

(c) in respect of cognitive damage and post-traumatic amnesia, $80,000. She
noted that there was no way that the Appellant could resume mainstream
education and that he struggled to cope with his art course at LaSalle College
of the Arts (“LaSalle”);

(d) for bladder and bowel dysfunction, $20,000; and

(e) for loss of motor function and residual spasticity, $45,000.

11 However, the Judge held that this award of $285,000 was “unjustified” (see
_Lee Wei Kong (by his_ _litigation representative Lee Swee Chit) v Ng Siok
Tong_ [2010] SGHC 371 (“Judgment”) at [20]). He stated that the component
approach and the global approach were not functionally distinct: while the
global approach arrives at a global figure after taking into account the
component figures, the component approach starts by adding up the component
figures and ends by ensuring that the aggregate amount is reasonably
reflective of the totality of the injury (Judgment at [15]).

12 The Judge noted that, as in _Winston Tan_ , no precedents were cited by the
AR in support of her awards on the various components (Judgment at [17]). He
found that there were five helpful precedents where the awards were arrived at
on a global basis. Of the five cases, two were particularly helpful. _Toon
Chee Meng Eddie v Yeap Chin Hon_ [1993] 1 SLR(R) 407 (“ _Eddie Toon_ ”)
presented the most serious injuries, and the plaintiff was awarded $160,000
for pain and suffering in 1993. _Chong_ _Hwa_ _Yin (committee of person and
estate of_ _Chong_ _Hwa_ _Wee, mentally disordered) v Estate of Loh Hon Fock,
deceased_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 208 presented injuries which were most similar to
that suffered by the Appellant, and the plaintiff there was awarded $120,000
in 2006. After considering the cases, taking into account the different types
of injuries and residual disabilities, their respective degrees of severity,
the vintage of the awards and the ages of the plaintiffs in those cases, the
Judge reduced the AR’s award to $160,000, representing a reduction of $125,000
(Judgment at [20]).

13 Before us, the Appellant advances two arguments against the reduction made
by the Judge on this head of damage:

(a) that the Judge erred in law by having regard to cases which were decided
using the “global approach” and/or which were not comparable to the injuries
and disabilities suffered by the Appellant; and

(b) that the Judge erred in fact by failing to accord sufficient weight to the
injuries and disabilities suffered by the Appellant.

On the other hand, the Respondent argues that the Judge was not manifestly
wrong in his factual finding: he had clearly taken into account the severity
of the Appellant’s injuries and residual disabilities, and the fact that the
Appellant had made great improvements since the accident.

14 The decision of this court in _Chai Kang Wei Samuel v Shaw Linda Gillian_
[2010] 3 SLR 587 (“ _Samuel Chai_ ”) (at [48]) established that the component
approach is no more than a systematic instrument to aid the court to determine
what would be a fair and reasonable quantification for a particular injury or
disability, having regard to precedents. Therefore, previous cases will still
remain relevant insofar as the particular injuries or post-accident residual
disabilities are sufficiently similar: they provide the backdrop in which the
court can place the award in order to determine whether it represents a
reasonable sum reflective of the totality of the injury. We, therefore, are
unable to accept the Appellant’s argument that the Judge was wrong in law to
have considered cases that had been decided using the global approach.

15 The remaining issue which we need to consider is whether the Judge had
failed to accord sufficient weight to the injuries and residual disabilities
suffered by the Appellant in coming to his decision. It is well-settled that
this court will not interfere with an award of damages merely because it is of
the opinion that a different amount might be more appropriate: see _Chow Khai
Hong v Tham_ _Sek_ _Khow and another_ [1991] 2 SLR(R) 670 and Jeffrey Pinsler
SC gen ed, _Singapore Court Practice 2009_ (LexisNexis, 2009) at para 57/1/16.
Of the cases reviewed by the Judge, _Muhamad_ _Ilyas Bin Mirza Abdul Hamid v
Kwek_ _Khim_ _Hui_ [2004] SGHC 12 (“ _Muhamad_ _Ilyas_ ”), where only $80,000
was awarded, was a case where the residual mental disabilities suffered by the
plaintiff were significantly less severe (_ie_ , he was still highly
intelligent and suffered no deterioration in IQ, except for some memory
deterioration) and he suffered little residual physical disabilities. In
contrast, the injuries suffered by the plaintiff in _Eddie Toon_ (at [12]
above), a case decided in 1993, were comparatively the most serious. There,
the plaintiff, who was seven and a half years of age at the time of the
accident, had suffered a fractured left skull with underlying brain damage,
was paralysed on the right side of his body, and was unable to walk or speak.
He also suffered from epilepsy, minimal control over his bladder and bowels,
and had the intellectual ability of a six-month to one-year old child. The
High Court upheld an award of $160,000. Lastly, in _Koh Chai Kwang v Teo Ai
Ling (by her next friend, Chua Wee Bee)_ [2011] 3 SLR 610 (“ _Teo Ai Ling
(CA)_ ”) (at [68]), this court held that a total award of $110,000 to the
plaintiff for pain and suffering (comprising $70,000 for physical injuries and
$40,000 for cognitive injuries) was not manifestly excessive.

16 There has not been any case where, for pain and suffering, an award close
to $285,000 had been made. While we recognise that the physical injuries and
mental disabilities suffered by the Appellant here are not the same as those
in the three cases discussed above, some aspects are more severe while other
aspects are less severe. Taking a broad view of things, we do not think that
the Judge’s award of $160,000 could be regarded as being manifestly
inadequate. We thus will not disturb the Judge’s finding on this head of
claim.

Loss of earning capacity/Loss of future earnings

17 As regards what _seemed to be an award for loss of earning capacity_ , the
AR explained her award of $600,000 as follows:

… Given the current state of the patient, I think it is fair to assume that he
will not be able to undertake any employment that requires advanced cognitive
skill or fine motor skills. This effectively rules out a professional course.
... In my opinion, the greatest deficit for the patient is mental rather than
physical. ... It would appear that the patient might however, with perhaps
some assistance, be able to take on some routine or rudimentary work in future
that would provide some minimum wage.

I have also considered that the patient is of a very young age, 22 years old,
and has a long road ahead of him. In this regard, I am making an award of
$600,000.

We will explain later (at [27] below) why we say this “seemed to be an award
for loss of earning capacity” and its significance.

18 The Judge noted that the AR did not explain how she arrived at the amount
of $600,000 and that the Appellant had failed to cite a single precedent to
support his claim for $800,000 before the AR. In arriving at his decision, the
Judge stated that the salient features of the present case were as follows
(Judgment at [39]):

(a) the Appellant could undertake simple undemanding employment, but would not
be able to work and earn at the level of a person who had completed his
secondary education (which he had) or junior college education (which he
probably would have, but for the accident);

(b) the Appellant’s ability to work was significantly diminished and this
diminution extended over the whole of his working life; and

(c) the Appellant’s potential earning level without the diminution was
uncertain.

The Judge also took into account four recent cases in which awards of between
$100,000 and $180,000 were made for loss of earning capacity (“LEC”). He noted
that before these cases, such awards were conservative, citing _Assessment of
Damages: Personal Injuries and Fatal Accidents_ (LexisNexis, 2001, 1st Ed)
which listed 52 awards made between the years 1990 and 2000, with the highest
at $75,000. The Judge accordingly substituted the AR’s award of $600,000 with
an award of $250,000 (Judgment at [40]).

19 Before us, the Appellant’s essential point is that the Judge erred in law
by relying on cases with dissimilar facts, and by failing to have regard to
_Winston Tan_ (at [10] above), _Samuel Chai_ (at [14] above) and the High
Court’s decision in _Teo Ai Ling (by her next friend Chua Wee Bee) v Koh Chai
Kwang_ [2010] 2 SLR 1037 (“ _Teo Ai Ling (HC)_ ”). The Appellant also argues
that the Judge erred by failing to accord sufficient weight to the evidence of
the Appellant’s severe handicap in the labour market.

20 The Respondent argues that the High Court’s approach in _Teo Ai Ling (HC)_
cannot be applied in this case because there was insufficient evidence here to
adopt a multiplier/multiplicand method of calculation. The Respondent also
argues that the precedents which dealt with LEC are instructive in
establishing the pattern and limits of such awards. He emphasised that the
AR’s award was wholly out of line with the precedents and that the Judge’s
award of $250,000 is now the highest reported award for LEC.

21 We agree with the Judge that _prima facie_ , the AR’s award of $600,000 for
LEC does in fact appear manifestly excessive in light of the previous case law
where a maximum of $180,000 was awarded in _Nirumalan V Kanapathi_ _Pillay v
Teo Eng Chuan_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 601 (“ _Nirumalan_ ”). Indeed, the Judge noted
that his award of $180,000 in _Nirumalan_ “was higher than it should have
been” (Judgment at [38]). At this point, we observe that in examining the
amounts awarded in past cases, especially those made before 2000, one must not
overlook the significant changes in the purchasing power per unit of currency
and the state of the labour market.

22 Awards of $100,000 for LEC were made in _Tan Siew Bin Ronnie v Chin Wee
Keong_ [2008] 1 SLR(R) 178 (“ _Ronnie Tan_ ”), _Muhamad_ _Ilyas_ (at [15]
above) and _Winston Tan_ (at [10] above). _Ronnie Tan_ was a case involving a
lawyer who was earning $10,000 monthly before the accident and whose cognitive
abilities and knowledge were not impaired. By contrast, in _Nirumalan_ , the
plaintiff was a lawyer who was earning an even greater amount of $35,000 per
month. While he did not suffer any immediate loss of income, the court found
that the injuries suffered by the plaintiff in _Nirumalan_ did affect his
ability to work. For this reason, the court awarded him $180,000 for LEC. In
_Muhamad_ _Ilyas_ , the plaintiff (who was serving his National Service) was
still very intelligent after the accident and he still possessed the
prerequisites to be exceptionally successful at whatever career he chose to
pursue, although there was some deterioration in his memory function. In
_Winston Tan_ , the High Court found that, after the accident, the plaintiff
continued to perform slightly above average in his ‘O’ Level examinations and
at his polytechnic. Although the plaintiff in _Winston Tan_ was slightly
handicapped in terms of memory function and cognitive ability, the court found
that these residual disabilities were not a major stumbling block preventing
the plaintiff from making further progress and achieving his employment goals.
In comparison with these four precedents, two distinguishing features must be
noted as regards the Appellant. First, at the time of the accident, the
Appellant was only a junior college student and had yet to embark upon any
employment. Secondly, the Appellant’s cognitive and psychological disabilities
were much more severe than those suffered by the plaintiffs in each of those
four precedents. These are factors which would have a bearing on the quantum
of LEC to be awarded to the Appellant or would have a bearing on the grant of
damages under a different basis, such as that for loss of future earnings
(“LFE”).

23 At this juncture, we refer to two more recent cases for illustrative
purposes, _viz_ , _Samuel Chai_ (at [14] above) and _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ (at
[15] above). Both cases were not referred to by the Judge. However, we must
add that this court’s decision in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ was published after the
Judge had made his decision in this case. In _Samuel Chai_ , the AR awarded
A$15,000 for LEC, but this was increased to A$50,000 by the High Court. On
appeal, this court reinstated the AR’s award of A$15,000, primarily on the
basis that the plaintiff was not really disadvantaged by her injuries. As
such, there was a low risk that she would be unable to obtain another job. The
long-term disabilities suffered by the plaintiff in _Samuel Chai_ were
primarily physical in the sense that she found sustained periods of work to be
too painful and exhausting. More importantly, the plaintiff there did not
suffer from long-term cognitive or psychological disabilities because she had
an excellent recovery after the accident.

24 _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ involved a polytechnic student who failed to complete
her course because of her head injuries. The AR in that case awarded $120,000
for LEC. The High Court substituted this award with one for LFE valued at
$492,000. On further appeal by the defendant, this court reinstated the AR’s
award for LEC at $120,000 on a provisional basis, invoking the power conferred
upon the court under paragraph 16 of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 2007 Rev Ed) to make such an award. The effect of
the provisional award was that if the plaintiff’s monthly income should, in
four to six years’ time, be shown to be less than $1,832, the damages due to
the plaintiff would be recomputed on the basis of LFE, with a deduction being
made for the sum of $120,000 already paid provisionally as LEC to the
plaintiff. This approach would ensure that there is minimal likelihood of
overpayment.

25 In _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ , the plaintiff suffered from significant cognitive
impairment to the extent that she had difficulty finding her way around her
polytechnic campus even with the aid of a map. The AR in that case, after
hearing the medical evidence, thought that there was a real possibility that
she might fail her polytechnic examinations (as she in fact did) due to her
cognitive impairment. Her ability to remember things was significantly
affected. _Prima facie_ , _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ resembles the present case more
closely than all the other cases cited. As indicated earlier (at [24] above),
the award given by the AR in that case for LEC at $120,000 was substituted by
the High Court with an award for LFE at $492,000.

26 Having reviewed the precedents, it would appear that the Judge’s award of
$250,000 in the present case as LEC is high. But viewed in the context of the
disabilities suffered by the Appellant, where his capacity to work and earn
has been almost destroyed, except for the ability to carry out some very
simple tasks, the quantum is inadequate. It seems to us that the present case
may not be an instance where damages should be awarded on the basis of LEC; it
should instead be awarded on the basis of LFE (see [30] and [33] below). As
mentioned (at [18] above), the Appellant’s memory and cognitive abilities are
so badly impaired that he can no longer do the work which a person with ‘O’
Level qualifications could have done. Indeed, based on the evidence from the
principal of ACJC (see [36] below), it is reasonable to assume that the
Appellant would have, but for the accident, passed the ‘A’ Level examinations.
Following from that, the Appellant would have had a fair chance of pursuing
tertiary education. This is a relevant factor towards determining the kind of
employment that the Appellant would have, in all likelihood, been able to
engage in but for the accident.

27 We will now turn to consider some circumstances which suggest that the
parties, as well as the AR, regarded LEC and LFE as being similar or
synonymous. In the statement of claim, the Appellant claimed damages for “loss
of earning capacity”. In his closing submissions before the AR, the Respondent
stated (at para 66) that “counsel for the [Appellant] had informed the Court
that the [Appellant] is looking at a sum of $800,000.00 for loss of future
earnings/loss of earning capacity based on the case of [_Winston Tan_]” and
went on to state (at para 73) that “the [Respondent] submits that an award
made to the [Appellant] for loss of earning capacity/loss of future earnings
should not exceed a sum of $150,000.00 to $180,000.00”. In the AR’s grounds of
decision, she held that “In terms of [the Appellant’s] future earnings, I
accept that an appropriate award in this case should be one for loss of
earning capacity, rather than loss of future earnings”. Yet, in the formal
judgment that was extracted, this sum was listed as:

(iii) _Loss of future earnings_

(k) $600,000.00 for loss of future earnings

Although the AR did not expressly state the basis upon which she arrived at
the sum of $600,000, we are inclined to think that she must have adopted the
multiplicand/multiplier method, which is what the courts would typically do
when making an award for LFE. Otherwise, we are unable to see the basis upon
which she could simply leap from $180,000 (the highest sum to date quoted to
her for LEC awards) to the sum of $600,000. From the foregoing, it would
appear that counsel for the parties, as well as the AR, did not quite
appreciate the distinction between LEC and LFE. What was clear was that the
parties, as well as the AR, were seeking to work out the appropriate sum to
compensate the Appellant for the losses arising from the fact that he can no
longer do any real work, apart from the simplest of tasks, in view of the
severe impairment of his memory and cognitive abilities. In other words, the
Appellant’s capacity to work has effectively been destroyed. While there is no
evidence of this, common sense tells us that only a very exceptional employer,
prompted perhaps by compassion (such as a charitable institution), will employ
someone like the Appellant (who is so mentally impaired) to do the simplest of
tasks. While the appeal filed by the Appellant is against the decision of the
Judge to reduce the sum of $600,000 awarded by the AR to the sum of $250,000
for what is seemingly LEC, we would regard the present appeal as one seeking
to enhance the amount either on the basis of LEC or LFE.

28 Although the Appellant took the position that the award should be for LEC,
the proper characterisation of his loss is one for the courts to decide
ultimately. There is no injustice to the Respondent because he had in fact
argued before the AR and the Judge that an award for LFE (and not LEC) should
be made. The Respondent’s position was that the LFE award should not exceed an
amount between $150,000 and $180,000 (taking into account a multiplicand of
between $300 and $600, a multiplier of between 15 to 18 years, CPF
contributions and the award given in _Eddie Toon_ (at [12] above))[note: 5].

Distinction between LEC and LFE

29 This court, in _Samuel Chai_ (at [14] above), examined the difference
between an award for LFE and that for LEC. Ordinarily, an award for LFE is
granted where the plaintiff is in employment at the time of trial, but because
of his injuries, is unable to earn as much as what he earned prior to the
accident. The difference in earnings would form the basis of the multiplicand.
However, if at the time of the trial his earnings are the same as, or even
higher than, what he earned before the accident and, if he should lose his
current job, he would suffer a disadvantage in getting re-employed due to the
injuries sustained, then he would be entitled to claim for LEC, but not for
LFE. In _Samuel Chai_ , this court even postulated (at [25]) the possibility
of a plaintiff, in appropriate circumstances, being awarded both LFE and LEC.

30 In a case such as the present which concerns a young person who was still
studying when he was injured and whose earning capacity has either been
seriously curtailed or destroyed, the traditional manner of awarding LEC or
LFE (as described at [29] above) poses a challenge as it is premised on the
injured victim being already in employment at the time of the accident.
However, the law is dynamic and has developed to meet the demands of justice
in particular cases. The fact that the injured person is young and has not
commenced work at the time of the accident should not be an impediment to the
grant of an award for LFE. The courts have in fact so ruled. In _Croke and
another v Wiseman and another_ [1982] 1 WLR 71, the injured victim was only 21
months of age at the time of the accident and seven and a half years old at
the time of the trial. The English Court of Appeal adopted a
multiplier/multiplicand approach to determine the proper quantum of damages,
_ie_ , the award was for LFE. Griffiths LJ stated (at 83D–E):

The judge assessed the future loss of earnings at £5,000 per annum. He arrived
at this figure by taking the _national average wage_ for a young man. In my
view, he was justified in doing so. This child came from an excellent home,
the father is an enterprising man starting his own business and the mother is
a qualified teacher; they have shown the quality of their characters by the
care they have given their child and their courage by the fact they have
continued with their family even after this disaster befell them. The
defendants cannot complain that they are unfairly treated if against this
background the judge assumes the child will grow up to lead a useful working
life and be capable of _at least earning the national average wage._

[emphasis added]

31 A similar multiplier/multiplicand approach was also adopted in several
other cases, _eg_ , _Cassel v Riverside Health Authority_ [1992] PIQR Q168 (“
_Cassel_ ”) (injured at birth; eight years old at trial) and _A (suing by her
litigation friend Mrs H) v Powys Local Health Board_ [2007] EWHC 2996 (injured
at birth; 16 years old at trial). In some cases, the English courts took into
account the plaintiff’s good family background by increasing the multiplicand
beyond the average national wage, _eg_ , _Cassel_ (about two and a half times
the average national wage for male non-manual workers) and _Almond v Leeds
Western Health Authority_ [1990] 1 Med LR 370 (one and a half times the
average national wage).

32 However, it has been suggested that the importance of family background
should diminish if the child plaintiff is older at the time of the accident.
Goldrein QC and de Haas QC gen eds, _Butterworths Personal Injury Litigation
Service_ (LexisNexis, June 2011) states (at [6001]):

As the child gets older, the process of calculating loss of earnings gets
easier. Family background remains relevant, but this diminishes as a picture
of the claimant’s own potential can be obtained through his/her academic
achievements. It is essential that school reports and test results are
obtained along with witness statements from school teachers.

This suggestion makes sense because as the child grows older and attends
school, his intellectual capacity will show in his school results. Thus,
reliance on his school results, rather than family background, would be a more
reliable gauge to assess his potential and, in turn, determine what vocation
or profession he is likely to embark on, if his earning capacity had not been
impaired or destroyed by the accident.

33 In Singapore, the courts have also, in appropriate cases, awarded LFE to
injured plaintiffs who were young at the time of the accident and had yet to
commence work at the time of the trial: see, _eg_ , _Peh Diana and another v
Tan Miang Lee_ [1991] 1 SLR(R) 22 and _Eddie Toon_ (at [12] above). As is to
be expected, the main difficulty with quantifying LFE in such cases is in
determining the multiplicand, as many imponderables come into play.
Undeniably, in this exercise, the court is being asked to look into the
future.

The Appellant’s position

34 The Appellant was a junior college student whose ‘A’ Level studies were
brought to a halt due to the accident. Instead, he pursued something which he
had an interest in and thus enrolled for the Diploma in Arts at LaSalle. He
passed the first year, obtaining the following results:

Module |  Overall mark  
---|---  
Studio Practice |  45  
Contemporary and Contextual Studies |  69  
  
  

Ms Juliet Choo Lay Hiok (“Ms Choo”), an educational guidance officer,
testified that all the written academic work for the first year had not been
done by the Appellant personally[note: 6]. During the second year, he obtained
the following results for two modules[note: 7]:

Module |  Overall mark  
---|---  
Painting 1A |  54  
Complementary Practice 1A |  54  
  
  

The maximum mark was 100, while the passing mark was 40[note: 8]. His parents
testified that the Appellant had struggled and required constant guidance and
assistance. He found it difficult to understand what was being taught and had
memory problems. Dr Lai concluded that it was uncertain if the Appellant could
complete his course because the latter had experienced difficulties dealing
with the theoretical and conceptual aspects of art which would be of greater
emphasis in the more senior years[note: 9]. Dr Lai also opined that even if
the Appellant managed to become a professional painter eventually, he would
not be able to manage his business properly. If the Appellant was unable to
succeed as a painter, he would not be able to work as an art instructor due to
his cognitive impairments, dysarthria (slurring of speech) and dysphasia
(difficulty selecting words to use). Ms Choo suggested that although the
Appellant passed the two modules in his second year, this was done on
compassionate grounds by LaSalle in light of the accident and because his
skills in painting were “reasonably ok”[note: 10]. She also testified that she
had discussed with LaSalle the possibility of “annotating his certificate to
indicate that it’s not a real degree or diploma, if he finishes after three
years”. This was supported by a letter from LaSalle which stated that
“[s]pecial consideration and support were given” to the Appellant[note: 11].

35 It was not really in doubt that but for the accident, the Appellant had the
intellectual capacity to obtain his ‘A’ Level qualifications. His secondary
school[note: 12] and junior college teachers testified that he was a bright
and determined person. His ‘O’ Level results were as follows[note: 13]:

Subject |  Grade  
---|---  
English Language |  A2  
Combined Humanities |  A2  
Mathematics |  A2  
Additional Mathematics |  B3  
Physics |  B3  
Chemistry |  B3  
Biology |  B3  
Art & Design |  A1  
Chinese |  C5  
  
  

His results for the “ _Promotional_ ” examinations at the end of his first
year of junior college were as follows[note: 14]:

Subject |  Grade  
---|---  
Mathematics |  F  
Economics (Revised) |  C  
English |  E  
Art and Design |  B  
General Paper |  C5  
Chinese ‘AO’ |  C5  
  
  

36 Ms Kelvyna Tan Swee Ai (“Ms Tan”), the principal of ACJC, explained that
the first-year “ _Promotional_ ” examinations are “strict and conservative”
and that it is taken by students who have completed only one year of education
with another year to go before taking the ‘A’ Level examinations. She stated
that a guiding principle for predicting the expected grades in the ‘A’ Level
examinations was that they should be _at least_ two grades up from the
_“Preliminary”_ examination results (which is the examination taken by second-
year students two to three months before the actual ‘A’ Level
examinations)[note: 15]. As such, the Appellant’s predicted grades for the
actual examinations would at least be as follows:

Subject |  Grade  
---|---  
Mathematics |  D  
Economics (Revised) |  A  
English |  C  
Art and Design |  A  
General Paper |  B3  
  
  

We observe that these predicted grades may be an underestimate as they are
based on the Appellant’s _“Promotional”_ examination results, which were held
about ten months before the “ _Preliminary_ ” examinations.

37 Ms Tan testified that the Appellant took Mathematics for the ‘A’ Level
examination as he intended to become an architect and that he was a student
who was able to balance his hectic schedule as a key rugby player with his
academic studies[note: 16]. His junior college art teacher testified that the
Appellant was passionate about art and was an expressive artist with well-
developed skills[note: 17]. We recognise that there is an element of
speculation as to whether the Appellant would have, but for the accident,
become an architect. But as a matter of probabilities, it would not be without
any foundation for this court to hold that in the circumstances, he had more
than an even chance of obtaining a university degree.

38 It can be seen (from [34] above) that on his own, the Appellant will
unlikely be able to obtain his Diploma in Arts from LaSalle. Besides his
parents helping him with the theoretical aspects of the course work, the
indications are that LaSalle will be awarding him the Diploma in Arts out of
sympathy. As his memory and cognitive functions are not likely to get any
better, he is not likely to be able to work as a professional art teacher. Of
course, as Dr Lai pointed out, it is not necessary to have a diploma in
painting to become a successful professional painter. However, it is likely
that the Appellant will not be able to do well as a professional painter
either, given his severe cognitive and psychological disabilities as well as
his being blind in the right eye. The Appellant’s situation is more similar to
that in _Lai Chi Kay and others v Lee Kuo Shin_ [1981–1982] SLR(R) 71 at [27],
where it was held that the LFE of the plaintiff had clearly crystallised
because he, a fourth-year medical student, was no longer able to work as a
doctor and it was “highly improbable” that he would ever be gainfully
employed. Whereas the plaintiff in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ was gainfully employed
at the time of the hearing, here, given that the Appellant has not been
employed and is unlikely ever to be, his earning capacity has been effectively
destroyed.

39 We turn next to consider the more difficult question of arriving at an
appropriate multiplicand. This court observed in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ (at [35])
that the court would adopt a particular occupation as the appropriate career
model where (a) the plaintiff had indicated a clear intention to enter that
particular occupation, (b) there was a strong probability that he would be
able to enter that occupation, and (c) that occupation provided a sufficiently
certain career model for the estimation of LFE. In this case, unlike the
situation in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ where the plaintiff there had, at the time of
the accident, already embarked on a business course at a polytechnic, the
Appellant has not been admitted into an architectural school. It may therefore
be too speculative to hold that he would likely have qualified as an architect
but for the accident. Nonetheless, it seems to us fair, and not too
optimistic, to hold that he was likely to obtain a university degree, and
accordingly, to determine the multiplicand on that basis.

40 According to the Ministry of Manpower Report on Wages in Singapore 2009,
the median monthly gross starting salary for university graduates was $2,700.
In _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ , this court took into account the _maximum_ salary
which a polytechnic diploma holder could earn on the civil service scale. In
the present case, there is no evidence at all which would enable this court to
come to a conclusion as to the average or median earnings of a university
graduate, say, over a period of 20 years. Indeed, recognising the innumerable
pursuits which a university graduate could undertake and their varying
successes, we do not think there will likely be any useful statistics. Of
course, the pay scales applicable in the civil service (being the biggest
employer in the country) to a university graduate could be of some assistance.
But this evidence is not before the court. In the circumstances, we are left
with only $2,700 as the national median starting pay of a university graduate.

41 The next consideration which we must take into account is the likely income
that the Appellant will, after the accident, be able to earn from any pursuit
which he may embark in the future. We have held (at [26] above) that in view
of the Appellant’s disabilities, he is unlikely to be able to obtain any
employment. We further explored (at [38] above) the possibility of the
Appellant being employed as a professional artist or painter and here again,
we do not think the prospects are that bright. Even if we take an optimistic
view of the situation and say that the Appellant will be able to sell his
works and earn some income, the figure which we can attribute to this pursuit
will be highly speculative, to say the least. In any event, the multiplicand
which we should adopt is really $2,700, plus an additional amount (“$x”)
representing the sum which should be added to ensure that the total
multiplicand will represent the average salary of a university graduate over a
period of years (and not just the median _starting_ salary). On the evidence
before us, what this additional $x sum should be cannot reasonably be
ascertained. The same can be said about the income which the Appellant will
likely earn, after the accident, as an artist or painter. For these reasons,
we think, in the circumstances, that the fairest approach will be to offset
these two factors, leaving us to take $2,700 as the reasonable multiplicand.

42 Finally, there remains the question of the appropriate multiplier. In _Teo
Ai Ling (HC)_ , the multiplier used by the High Court was 20 years for a
23-year old female polytechnic student at the time of the hearing. However, as
we have indicated (at [24] above), in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_ , this court
substituted the High Court’s award for LFE with a provisional LEC award
without disapproving the multiplier adopted by the High Court in that case. In
the present case, the Appellant was 22 years old at the time of the hearing
before the AR. A multiplier of 20 years does not seem to be inappropriate in
this appeal given that the Appellant here was (at the time of assessment
before the AR) of nearly the same age as the plaintiff in _Teo Ai Ling (CA)_.
Therefore, the total award for LFE should be $2,700 x 12 months x 20 years =
$648,000.

Future psychiatric treatment

43 We will now turn to consider the third disputed head of claim. The Judge
noted that although the Appellant claimed only $121,200 (at $505 per month for
20 years), the AR awarded him $144,000 (at $600 per month for 20 years). The
Judge accepted Dr Wang’s testimony that there was a 70% to 80% probability
that the Appellant would require long-term medication for five to ten years
and that if after that period the Appellant’s condition remained unchanged, he
would require the medication for life. The Judge, however, noted that Dr Wang
did not state the cost of the treatment, and that the Respondent had
calculated, based on charges incurred by the Appellant in 2008 and 2009, that
the cost of treatment amounted to about $350 to $400 per month.

44 On the other hand, the Judge did not accept the Respondent’s argument that
the award of expenses should be reduced because, if the Appellant were to
receive treatment at a government-structured hospital instead of a private
specialist, the expenses could be less than $350 to $400 a month. In this
regard, the Judge held that (Judgment at [42]):

... It is for the injured party to decide on the treatment that he is to
receive, and he is entitled to claim _reasonable_ costs of treatment. He is
not obliged to seek treatment or receive damages at the lowest costs
available. ...

[emphasis in italics in original]

Thus, the Judge allowed the Respondent’s appeal by reducing the amount awarded
under this head from $144,000 to $90,000 (at $375 per month for 20 years).

Analysis

45 In considering this head of damage, we need to set out some essential
facts. Dr Wang testified that he prescribed the following medication to the
Appellant[note: 18]:

(a) between 14 October 2008 and 9 December 2008, 2 mg of “Risperdal” per day;
and

(b) between 9 December 2008 and 31 January 2009, 5 mg of “Zydis” per day and
20 mg of “Magrilan” per day.

46 Dr Wang stopped prescribing “Risperdal” because the Appellant was not
responding well to it. Although the new combination of “Zydis” and “Magrilan”
had in fact worked well, Dr Wang switched the medication again because the
Appellant complained of drowsiness and grogginess. Dr Wang then prescribed 10
mg of “Abilify” per day and 20 mg of “Magrilan” per day between 31 January
2009 and 4 July 2009\. Based on the invoices from Dr Wang, the average monthly
costs of the different courses of medication were as follows:

Medication |  Average monthly cost  
---|---  
“Risperdal” |  $72  
“Zydis” and “Magrilan” |  $189 + $27 = $216  
“Abilify” and “Magrilan” |  $375 + $27 = $402  
  
  

The total cost of consultation between 9 December 2008 and 4 July 2009 was
$1,260, which works out to be about $180 per month.

47 The Respondent made the following arguments in support of his contention
that the amount of $144,000 awarded by the AR under this head is not
justified. First, the Appellant in fact claimed only for $121,200 as the cost
of future treatment and $9,600 for transport to and from the hospital, making
a total of $130,800. Secondly, the AR did not explain the basis upon which she
adopted the multiplicand of $600 in calculating this head of damage and the
Appellant’s contention that the multiplicand of $600 was based on the later
invoices tendered cannot be substantiated. The following was all that the AR
explained in relation to this point:

... I accept the evidence of Dr Wang that the patient’s organic brain syndrome
may lead to certain psychoses which will require medical attention, and that
there is a 70-80% chance that he will require long term medication and/or
psychiatric attention. In this regard, I am making an award of $600 per month
for psychiatric consultation and medication, where this is required. Based on
a multiplier of 20 years, this works out to $144,000.

48 Thirdly, the Respondent argued that the award for future psychiatric
expenses should be based not on more recent invoices for medicine which was
more effective and had less side-effects, but on the invoices for the whole
course of medication that had been prescribed regardless of the side-effects
of any particular cocktail of medicines. On this basis, the Respondent argues
that the Judge was right to adopt the figure of $350 to $400 per month, which
was the average cost of medication prescribed for the Appellant between 14
October 2008 and 4 July 2009. In the absence of any evidence from Dr Wang as
to a fair estimate of the cost of future treatment, the only reliable source
of evidence would be to look at past invoices.

49 On the other hand, the Appellant argues that the calculation advanced by
the Respondent should not be accepted because it was based partly on
medication that was discontinued by Dr Wang as being not effective or as a
result of side-effects. The assessment should be based on the cost of
medication which is best suited to the Appellant, meaning the last set of
medication prescribed by Dr Wang.

50 We are unable to accept the arguments advanced by the Respondent for the
simple reason that it would be wrong to make an award for future psychiatric
treatment based on the cost of medication which has been found to be
unsuitable to address the ailment and was therefore discontinued. It stands to
reason that the court should only adopt the cost of medication which is
regarded as being reasonably effective in remedying the ailment with minimal
side effects. We have (at [46] above) stated the reason why Dr Wang switched
medication from the combination of “Zydis” and “Magrilan” (“the first
combination”) to that of “Abilify” and “Magrilan” (“the second combination”).
While we note Dr Wang’s evidence that both combinations were of equivalent
effectiveness[note: 19], we cannot disregard the fact that the first
combination of medicine caused the Appellant drowsiness or grogginess, whereas
the second combination did not. This at least indicates that the second
combination is more suitable for the Appellant. Therefore, it is not
unreasonable to adopt the cost of the second combination to work out the
future cost of psychiatric treatment.

51 Besides the cost of the second combination of medicine (which is $402 per
month and which we will round down to $400), there is the additional cost of
consultation. The average cost of consultation between 9 December 2008 and 4
July 2009 was $180 per month. The cost of consultation would naturally vary
according to the frequency and length of each visit to the psychiatrist.
Arguably, one may visit the psychiatrist only once a year in order to obtain a
year’s supply of medication. However, this would clearly not be prudent in
light of the fact that psychiatric medication often consists of drugs with a
powerful effect on the central nervous system, and that therefore, the use of
such drugs should be monitored periodically. The fee charged by Dr Wang for a
short consultation was $90 per visit. However, it is also true that over time,
the need for consultation will be reduced. Provision for one consultation per
month would be adequate. The Appellant also claimed transport cost of $40 per
month, seemingly based on two consultations per month. One consultation per
month will require half that amount. Thus the cost of consultation and
transport will add up to $110 per month. Adding this to the cost of medicine
at $400, we arrive at the figure of $510 per month.

52 Thus, the appropriate multiplicand here is $510 per month. Both the AR and
the Judge used a multiplier of 20 years. As the Appellant was 22 years old at
the time of the assessment, this means that he will be 42 years old when the
amount awarded for future psychiatric costs is, in theory, depleted. In this
regard, we note that in _Ang Leng Hock v Leo Ee Ah_ [2004] 2 SLR(R) 361, the
High Court held (at [59]) that an award of future medical costs, unlike LFE,
should be based on life expectancy rather than the retirement age. We agree.
In _De Cruz Andrea Heidi v Guangzhou Yuzhitang Health Products Co Ltd and
others_ [2003] 4 SLR(R) 682, the High Court held (at [211]) that taking into
account the vicissitudes of life, a fair multiplier would be two-thirds of the
expected remaining 51 years of life (the 51 years was based on the average
life expectancy of 80 years for females in Singapore). In the present case,
there was no evidence before the court as to the average life expectancy of
males in Singapore. Assuming that the Appellant is expected to live until 75
years of age, he would have had approximately 53 remaining years of life as at
the time of the assessment. Two-thirds of this would be approximately 36
years. Given that Dr Wang testified that there was a possibility that life-
long psychiatric treatment might _not_ be needed (see [43] above) and the fact
that the entire sum for _future_ psychiatric treatment will be paid upfront as
a lump sum, the multiplier of 20 years adopted by the AR and the Judge (which
was not challenged by both parties) does not seem unreasonable. Thus, the
total award for this head of claim is $510 x 12 months x 20 years = $122,400.

Loss of income of the Appellant’s mother

53 It is well-established that this head of damage is recoverable not because
it is the mother’s loss, but because it is _the Appellant’s loss_ , being the
reasonable cost of meeting the need created by the tort: see _Donnelly v
Joyce_ [1974] 1 QB 454 (“ _Donnelly_ ”) and _Kuan_ _Kian Seng v Wong Choon
Keh_ [1995] SGHC 43. As Megaw LJ stated in _Donnelly_ (at 461H–462C):

We do not agree with the proposition ... that the plaintiff’s claim, in
circumstances such as the present, is properly to be regarded as being ... “in
relation to someone else’s loss,” merely because someone else has provided to,
or for the benefit of, the plaintiff—the injured person—the money, or the
services to be valued as money, to provide for needs of the plaintiff directly
caused by the defendant’s wrongdoing. The loss _is_ the plaintiff’s loss. ...
The plaintiff’s loss, to take this present case, is not the expenditure of
money to buy the special boots or to pay for the nursing attention. His loss
is the existence of the need for those special boots or for those nursing
services, the value of which for purposes of damages—for the purpose of the
ascertainment of the amount of his loss—is the proper and reasonable cost of
supplying those needs. That, in our judgment, is the key to the problem. So
far as the defendant is concerned, the loss is not someone else’s loss. It is
the plaintiff’s loss.

[emphasis in italics in original]

Pre-trial loss of income

54 We will now consider the final head of dispute. The basis upon which the AR
made this award of $72,600 was explained in these terms:

I accept the evidence of the parents that [the Appellant] required full time
care at home after the accident. As a result, she [_ie_ , the mother] had to
give up her part-time employment as a teacher. I will therefore allow the
claim for $72,600, for the period 2005 – 2008.

Two letters were produced in support of this claim[note: 20]. The first letter
was sent on 31 December 2004 by the principal of Yuhua Education Centre (“the
Centre”), a PAP Community Foundation kindergarten, to the Appellant’s mother,
stating that her part-time employment had been converted to full-time
employment from 1 January 2005 and that her monthly salary was to be increased
from $550 to $1000. This letter was sent to the mother two days before the
accident occurred on 2 January 2005. The second letter was sent on 4 May 2009
by the principal of the Centre. It stated that the mother resigned in June
2005 after taking six months of _unpaid_ leave to look after the Appellant.
The principal of the Centre went on to state that the mother had been using
the Centre’s facilities to conduct tuition classes in the evening since
January 1994.

55 In RA 440/2009, the Respondent appealed against this award. The Judge
allowed the appeal and set aside the award because he felt it was quantified
“without an explanation or documentation on how that figure was arrived at”
(Judgment at [47]). The Judge found that there was no evidence to support this
claim because the two letters were not properly proved in evidence.

56 The Appellant concedes that the two letters were not properly admitted into
evidence for the purpose of proving the truth of their contents because the
letters were just exhibits in the Appellant’s father’s affidavit of evidence-
in-chief (“AEIC”) and the father was neither the writer nor the recipient of
the letters. The Appellant argues, however, that both parties had agreed to
the admission of the letters at the hearing before the AR. This argument is
unfounded. As the Respondent points out, there was no agreement to admit the
contents of the letters. In his closing submissions before the AR, the
Respondent had clearly objected to the letters on the ground that they were
hearsay evidence[note: 21].

57 However, the Appellant contends that even if the letters were not properly
admitted in evidence, there was, in any case, sufficient evidence before the
AR upon which the award could have been made. First, the Appellant’s mother
gave evidence in her AEIC that she had in fact resigned from her job to look
after the Appellant. Secondly, the Appellant’s father testified that the
mother, _ie_ , his spouse with whom he was living, had in fact done so. These
statements are not hearsay evidence but are direct evidence that the
Appellant’s mother did, in fact, give up her full-time job to care for him.
There is no good reason why such evidence of the Appellant’s parents should
not be accepted.

58 The next issue relates to the remuneration which the Appellant’s mother had
received from the job that she gave up. The Respondent argues that the
mother’s evidence, that she was earning $550 per month as a part-time teacher
before the accident, was self-serving and was uncorroborated by any
documentary evidence. However, this argument goes to the weight of the
evidence and will depend considerably on the finder of fact’s impression of
the witness and her behaviour on the stand. As the AR evidently believed the
evidence of the Appellant’s parents (see [54] above), there is no reason to
disturb this finding in the absence of compelling evidence to the contrary.
Moreover, being paid $550 a month for a part-time job as a teacher in a
kindergarten in 2004 can hardly be viewed as extravagant. This remuneration
does not appear to be unreasonable. The Respondent is unable to provide any
plausible reason, other than a bare assertion, that the mother’s evidence is
self-serving and should not be accepted. It bears noting that the mother’s
evidence was not challenged during cross-examination.

59 A second ground advanced by the Respondent on this head of claim rests on
the fact that the AR had already allowed an award for the engagement of a maid
(which was affirmed by the Judge) and there was no evidence that two full-time
caregivers were needed to care for the Appellant. Here, we note that the
Appellant’s mother testified that a maid was needed first, to help in the
Appellant’s physiotherapy and to move the Appellant around, and secondly, to
help with the housework because she (_ie_ , the mother) was preoccupied with
taking care of the Appellant[note: 22]. This evidence was not challenged
during cross-examination. Again, we cannot see any basis to interfere in this
finding of the AR when there was evidence before the AR which supported it.

60 Therefore, there was evidence before the AR which could have supported an
award for pre-trial loss of income. With respect, we think the Judge erred in
stating that the award was made without factual basis. However, there is one
aspect of the Respondent’s argument on this award which, in our view, merits
consideration. This relates to the quantum. First, the mother did not suffer a
complete loss of income because she still managed to give tuition at night,
making an average of $1,000 a month[note: 23]. Before the accident, she taught
at the Centre in the morning only. The housework and grocery shopping would be
done in the afternoon while she would give tuition at night[note: 24]. If the
mother were to commence full-time teaching at the Centre, it would not be
unlikely that she would have to either give up some of the tuition classes at
night in order to do the housework, or hire a maid to do the housework. This
would mean that any additional income she would have earned as a full-time
teacher would essentially be negated (or reduced substantially) by either
losing part of the tuition income (through a reduction in tuition hours) or
having to pay for a maid to do the housework.

61 Secondly, the award of $72,600 made by the AR in respect of the four-year
period (from 2005 to 2008) amounted to approximately $1,500 per month. This
figure cannot be supported from the evidence. The Appellant’s father admitted
that the mother had been earning about $1,000 a month from giving tuition at
night before the accident, and that these classes continued after the
accident. In other words, there was no reduction in tuition income after the
accident. As for her salary at the Centre, if the accident had not occurred,
she would have earned $1,000 per month as a full-time teacher. Although the
two letters from the principal of the Centre were not properly adduced in
evidence, both parents testified that this was the truth. We would also
observe that earning $1,000 per month as a full-time kindergarten teacher is
hardly excessive. However, as we have explained (at [60] above), the mother
would have needed some domestic help if she were to take on the full-time job
in the Centre. Thus, for the mother to earn $2000 per month, she would have to
incur expenses to engage domestic help. Alternatively, she would have to cut
down on the tuition classes and earn less. In either event, her net monthly
income would have been less than $2000. Bearing in mind that post-accident the
mother was still earning $1000 a month from giving tuition, and for the
reasons alluded to in this paragraph and above (at [60]), it would not be
unreasonable to assume that her actual loss was somewhere around $550 a month
(_ie_ , what the mother earned as a part-time teacher) and not $1000 a month.
In the result, the loss of income of the mother for the four year period would
have been only $26,400 (_ie_ , $550 x 12 months x 4 years). Thus, the AR’s
award of $76,200 is manifestly excessive.

62 In the result, we hold that the Judge’s decision on this head of damage
should be set aside. The AR’s award should be reinstated, but with the quantum
reduced to $26,400.

Future loss of income

63 The AR rejected the Appellant’s claim for $251,802 as the mother’s future
loss of income: the claim was computed at about $1,650 per month for 13 years
(until the mother was 62 years old). We should, at this juncture, reiterate
that (see [53] above) the rationale for this claim is not so much for the
Respondent to pay compensation to the mother as such, who has suffered no
injury, but rather to compensate the Appellant for the cost of having someone
take care of him in the future, which role the mother is fulfilling. The
mother’s loss of income, which she would otherwise have earned, is taken as
the starting point to compute the reasonable expense which the Appellant would
have to incur to obtain such care. The Appellant in RA 445/2009 appealed
against the AR’s refusal to make an award for this head of claim. This appeal
was rejected by the Judge on the basis of lack of evidence as the two letters
from the principal of the Centre (see [54] above) constituted hearsay
evidence. In the Notice of Appeal filed against the Judge’s decision, the
Appellant appealed against that part of the Judge’s decision that decided
that:

1.The award for pain and suffering and loss of amenities is reduced to
$160,000.00;

2.The award for the loss of earning capacity is reduced to $250,000.00;

3.The award for costs of future psychiatric treatment is reduced to
$90,000.00;

4. _The award for the mother’s loss of income is set aside_ ; and

5.The [Appellant] pays to the [Respondent] cost totaling $12,000.00 plus
disbursements.

[emphasis added]

64 What was set aside by the Judge was the mother’s _pre-trial_ loss of
income. As regards the mother’s loss of future income, the Judge upheld the
AR’s decision not to make any award on that. It would appear from the
Appellant’s Case (at para 148) that the Appellant was under the mistaken
impression that the Judge had also set aside the claim for the mother’s loss
of future income of $251,802. Therefore, there may be a question mark as to
whether the claim for the mother’s loss of future income is under appeal.
However, when we examine the Appellant’s Case, we hardly see any submissions
on this aspect of the claim. This is evident from the following extract of the
Appellant’s Case (at paras 150 to 152):

150\. We respectfully submit that the order for the mother’s pre trial loss of
income should be allowed because the Learned Registrar was in a position to
assess the evidence of the mother and the witnesses and experts who testified
that the mother was Wei Kong’s primary care giver.

151\. Additionally, as he is not fit to manage his estate or his affairs, the
mother would have to continue to be his primary care giver and should be
compensated for the loss she _had_ suffered on account of the accident that
her son was involved in.

152\. The Learned AR’s computation of pre trial loss of income is almost
equivalent to the income she would have earned for six months at $1,000.00 a
month. ($1,000 X 12 X 6 = $72,000). Taking into account that Wei Kong was in
hospital for more than 5 months and there is evidence that he had to be
rehabilitated at home with the mother’s close involvement, the award made for
pre trial loss of income is fair and should stand.

Although the Appellant is cognitively and psychologically impaired, he is now
physically mobile and is able to perform basic domestic functions. He is not
likely to require constant care by the mother. In the circumstances, we will
not make any award on this item of claim.

Judgment

65 For the above reasons, we will allow the appeal in respect of the following
heads of claim:

(a) the award by the Judge for loss of earning capacity at $250,000 is
substituted by an award for loss of future earnings at $648,000;

(b) the award by the Judge for future psychiatric treatment is enhanced from
$90,000 to $122,400; and

(c) there shall be an award for the Appellant’s mother’s pre-trial loss of
income assessed at $26,400.

In view of the fact that the Appellant has substantially succeeded in this
appeal, the Appellant shall have two-third of the costs for this appeal as
well as for the hearing before the Judge. There will be the usual
consequential orders.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Appeal (“RA”) 3 (B) 539

[note: 2]RA 3 (B) 504

[note: 3]RA 3 (B) 498

[note: 4]RA 3 (B) 506

[note: 5]RA 3 (E) 1354-1355; RA 3 (F) 1464-1466

[note: 6]Core Bundle (“CB”) 83

[note: 7]RA 4 1775-1776

[note: 8]RA 3 (D) 1092

[note: 9]RA 3 (B) 517-518

[note: 10]RA 3 (D) 1078

[note: 11]RA 4 1773

[note: 12]RA 3 (A) 306

[note: 13]RA 3 (A) 307

[note: 14]RA 4 1772

[note: 15]RA 4 1771

[note: 16]RA 3 (A) 140

[note: 17]RA 3 (A) 175

[note: 18]CB 61

[note: 19]CB 110

[note: 20]RA 3 (C) 961-962

[note: 21]Respondent’s Core Bundle 47, para 164

[note: 22]RA 3 (A) 85-86, paras 11-12; RA 3 (D) 1003-1004

[note: 23]RA 3 (C) 642, para 8

[note: 24]RA 3 (D) 1003 line 29 - 1004 line 5

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

