Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Kim Guan and another _v_ Tan Tee Theng and another  
[2012] SGHC 53

Case Number| :| Suit No 1070 of 2009  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 14 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Bar Tien (B T Tan & Company) for the plaintiffs;
Defendants in-person.  
Parties| :|  Tan Kim Guan and another — Tan Tee Theng and another  
  
14 March 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiffs contracted to purchase the defendants’ flat at Block 108
Jurong East Street 13 for $336,000. The option to purchase was exercised by
the plaintiffs on 26 May 2009. By cl 11 of the option contract the defendants
were obliged to apply to the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”) jointly
with the plaintiffs for the approval of the sale and purchase. When the
defendants failed to comply with cl 11 and subsequently to complete the sale
and purchase, the plaintiffs sued in this action for specific performance.

2 The defendants were initially represented by Mr Peter Ezekiel (“Mr Ezekiel”)
and the plaintiffs were represented by Mr Tan Bar Tien (“Mr Tan”). At trial
the defendants alleged that the contract was subject to an oral term agreed
between the plaintiffs and defendants, made in the presence of the mutual
housing agent for both parties Mr Vincent Chua Yew Loon (“Mr Chua), providing
that the contract could be rescinded if “the defendants were unable to secure
the requisite financing to purchase a replacement flat” within two weeks from
26 May 2009. The defence averred that “on or before 9 June 2009” the first
defendant (who is the husband of the second defendant) orally informed the
first plaintiff (who is the husband of the second plaintiff) that the
defendants could not secure the requisite financing and wished to rescind the
option. This was denied by the plaintiffs. I will revert to the defence as
filed shortly.

3 The defendants subsequently discharged their solicitor Mr Ezekiel and the
trial commenced on 11 April 2011. The defendants then informed the court that
they will not be calling Mr Chua, and his affidavit of evidence-in-chief was
accordingly struck out. The defendants then stated that they were at fault and
no longer wished to defend the suit. They, however, asked that the court award
damages instead of specific performance. Mr Tan submitted that an order for
specific performance be made. However, I directed that proceedings be
adjourned so that the parties could proceed with the terms under cl 11 and
that pending approval or otherwise from the HDB, all other prayers be
adjourned.

4 Thereafter, the defendants did not proceed expeditiously to submit the joint
application for the HDB’s approval. Consequently, the plaintiffs were
compelled to apply to enforce the order above. Eventually, the application was
lodged and on 16 January 2012 the HDB granted approval for the sale. The
plaintiffs thus restored the current proceedings for the final orders. Before
me, the defendants again requested that they pay damages instead. The second
defendant, who admitted being a property agent since 2005, stated that they
entered into this contract on the misrepresentation of the agent Mr Chua that
the sale could be rescinded if the defendants were unable to obtain financing
to purchase their replacement flat. This position was different from that
pleaded in the Defence. Furthermore, the defendants had declined to call Mr
Chua as witness. Although the second defendant submitted that she was only
familiar with the rental and not the sale of HDB properties, I do not think
that either version of the defence was true. The plaintiffs were both
technicians with the StarHub group of companies. They were entitled to the
flat they purchased. Damages in this case may not be adequate because the
defendants were financially unstable and the plaintiffs would end up bearing a
much greater loss if they fail to pay. The first defendant is currently
unemployed. He was formerly a cellphone salesman although the plaintiffs claim
that he was also a property agent. The prices of HDB flats have increased
substantially since 2009.

5 A contract for the sale of real property attracts the remedy of specific
performance as real property has intrinsic value by reason of which damages
may not be considered adequate. Both the vendor and the purchaser are
generally entitled to specific performance. There is also clear authority this
holds true even if the property is not a piece of land but an HDB flat (See
_Govindaraju and another v Ganasen and another_ [1994] SGCA 125 and _Wee Chee
Siong and another v Tan Boon Hwa and another_ [2010] SGHC 22) In this case,
denying specific performance would leave the purchasers without any relief.
Furthermore, the protracted proceedings were caused entirely by the
defendants. There is no basis to grant their request to order damages rather
than specific performance. I therefore grant –

(a) an order that the defendant do complete the sale within four weeks or such
other time as the court may allow;

(b) the Registrar of the Supreme Court be empowered to execute all or any
relevant documents as may be required to complete the sale in the event that
the defendants fail or refuse to execute those documents;

(c) costs to follow the event and to be taxed; and

(d) that there be liberty to apply.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

