Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AYL _v_ AYM  
[2012] SGHC 64

Case Number| :| Divorce No 1660 of 2010/V (RAS No 168 of 2011/C)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 23 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Joyce Fernando (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for the
appellant/defendant; Nigel Pereira and Stephanie Tan (Rajah & Tann LLP) for
the respondent/plaintiff.  
Parties| :|  AYL — AYM  
  
23 March 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 The appellant (who was the defendant/husband) is 59 years old. His marriage
to the respondent (who was the plaintiff/wife) lasted 23 years. They have
three children aged 19, 11 and 8 this year. The marriage failed and they
divorced. The draft consent order regarding the division of matrimonial assets
was approved by the Family Court on 13 July 2010 and the final judgment was
certified on 13 October 2010. Under the consent order the parties were to have
joint custody of the children but the respondent “shall have sole discretion
on where the children reside in Singapore or Australia”. She was to have sole
discretion as to the matters concerning the children’s medical and dental
needs.

2 The respondent and the children were to live in the matrimonial home at
Jalan Lateh (“the house”) for six years and thereafter, the respondent shall
have the discretion to sell the house should she move to Australia with the
children. They agreed that if the house was sold for more than $2.5m the
respondent would keep 70% of the proceeds and the appellant 30%. Otherwise,
she would keep 80% and the appellant 20%. The house was subsequently ordered
to be sold by March 2012 upon an application by the appellant to vary the
consent order and that the proceeds were to be divided according to the agreed
70% – 30% (since the value of the house was above $2.5m). The variation orders
were made on 16 September 2011. The consent orders were varied as follows –

1The maintenance of the oldest child be varied from $2,670 a month to $1,000 a
month pending her enrolment to a university and thereafter to revert to
$2,670;

2The school fees payable towards the oldest child’s school fees is suspended
pending enrolment;

3The appellant need not pay the monthly maintenance for the other two children
if they do not continue their schooling at the United College; and

4The matrimonial home be sold within six months and the proceeds distributed
according to the terms of the consent order.

The appellant appealed to this court against the orders as varied (even though
he was the one who applied to vary the orders). He now wants the varied orders
to be varied “such that a sum of $750,000 from the sale of the matrimonial
home be retained by the respondent as her share of the lump sum maintenance”;
and that “the house be sold in three months and the sale proceeds be divided
equally”.

3 Mr Nigel Pereira submitted on behalf of the respondent that the respondent
will accept $750,000 as lump sum maintenance for herself if that sum came from
the appellant’s share of the proceeds. She was prepared to accept a lump sum
to avoid the inconvenience of enforcing monthly maintenance payments
especially if she and the children re-locate to Australia.

4 The appellant’s main argument before me was that he had retired and his
business venture had failed. Miss Fernando who appeared on his behalf made
lengthy submission as to why it would be inequitable if the variations the
appellant now seeks are not granted. However it should be noted that the
original orders were agreed between the parties, and at the hearing before the
Family Court for the hearing of the appellant’s application to vary, the
parties again agreed that the monthly maintenance for the respondent be
converted to a lump sum payment. They further agreed that the amount should be
$750,000. Their disagreement was whether the $750,000 should be paid from the
appellant’s share of the proceeds of sale of the matrimonial house or from the
respondent’s share. Their respective shares had been agreed in a way that the
parties will receive a fair distribution and so they agreed to an adjustment
should the sale price be less than $2.5m. In the event, this was not
necessary. Thus, on this point alone, the appellant’s claim that the $750,000
be paid out of the respondent’s share of the sale proceeds should be
dismissed. To order otherwise would be tantamount to asking the respondent to
pay her own maintenance. If the orders had not been varied the appellant would
be paying monthly maintenance from his share of the sale proceeds.

5 The appeal for the further order that the division of the proceeds of sale
of the matrimonial house be divided equally instead of 70% to the respondent,
will, if the above appeal were to be allowed, lead to the respondent paying
extra to the appellant after the parties had already agreed to the proportion
of distribution. What were the appellant’s reasons for varying the original
order? It appears that his business had failed. According to him, the business
failed shortly after the consent order was recorded. It was a private business
in which he claimed that his investors had withdrawn. I have not seen the
details of the business records as to whether this was a legitimate business
failure but I will assume that it was for the purposes of my decision here. In
my view, business failure may sometimes be a legitimate ground for varying a
maintenance order, but it does not follow that the courts will allow a
variation as a matter of course. In this case, the parties had substantial
assets, which include not just the matrimonial house but also a condominium
apartment which had been sold and the proceeds distributed. Maintaining the
orders below and refusing the appellant’s plea that the $750,000 be paid from
the respondent’s share would reduce the appellant’s share but it would not be
to such an extent that merits any adjustment to the orders made below.

6 In considering the submissions of Miss Fernando it appears that the real
reason for the application for a variation of the consent order was that the
value of the matrimonial house had risen from $2.5m to $4.85m. Miss Fernando
submitted that this would give the respondent a “handsome profit”. If this was
the reason, I have no hesitation in rejecting it. A consent order is a
contract endorsed with the approval of the court. It is not an order to be
lightly varied or set aside. In matrimonial proceedings, consent orders
regarding the distribution of matrimonial assets and maintenance may be varied
in order to avert grave hardship on a party because the value of the property
or assets had plunged beyond the contemplation of the parties. However, when
the reverse occurs and the assets increase in value, the court will not
interfere to re-distribute the proceeds or assets. When a contract has been
made or a consent order has been recorded the parties must part with a mind at
peace that the matter is at an end. They should not go on living with the
anxiety of a return to court when the asset value changes.

7 I am of the view that this appeal is without merits and is accordingly
dismissed with costs to be taxed if not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

