Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Hou Wa Yi _v_ Yap Kiat Cheong (Yap Chai Ling and another, interveners)  
[2012] SGHC 66

Case Number| :| Divorce No 2201 of 2005 (RAS No 182 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 March 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Koh Tien Hua (Harry Elias Partnership LLP) for
appellants/ interveners; Dorothy Chai Li Li (Tan Leroy & Chandra) for
respondent/petitioner.  
Parties| :|  Hou Wa Yi — Yap Kiat Cheong (Yap Chai Ling and another,
interveners)  
  
27 March 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal by the executors of Yap Kiat Cheong (“Yap”). The executors
are also Yap’s niece and nephew. Yap married Hou Wa Yi (“Hou”), a Chinese
national, on 30 September 1992. Hou filed for divorce and was granted a decree
nisi on 26 September 2006. The ancillary matters were concluded on 5 November
2009 and Hou being dissatisfied appealed against the District Court’s
ancillary matters orders. Yap died on 8 February 2011. The appeal was
adjourned part-heard by Justice Philip Pillai on 22 March 2011.

2 Probate was granted on 29 March 2011. The appellants were appointed as
executors under a will made by Yap on 26 January 2002. They applied to
intervene and sought an order to make the decree nisi absolute. The district
judge dismissed the application on the ground that s 7 of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the Women’s Charter”) specifically provides —

**7**. Every marriage solemnized in Singapore after 15 September 1961, other
than a marriage which is void under the provisions of this Act, shall continue
until dissolved —

(a) by the death of one of the parties;

(b) by order of a court of competent jurisdiction; or

(c) by a declaration made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the
marriage is null and void.

Yap’s death thus dissolved the marriage and the court no longer had the
jurisdiction or power to make the decree nisi absolute. This appeal thus
raises this sole issue: does the court have the power to make absolute a
decree nisi after the death of one of the parties to the divorce proceedings?

3 There is no reported case in Singapore on this point but the issue was
raised in the English case of _Stanhope v Stanhope_ (1886) 11 PD 103 (“
_Stanhope_ ”). In that case, the husband died after the decree nisi was
granted and before it was made absolute. The husband’s executor subsequently
applied for the decree nisi to be made absolute. The Court of Appeal held that
the executor could not revive the suit for the purpose of applying to make the
decree nisi absolute. Bowen LJ held at 108:

A man can no more be divorced after his death than he can after his death be
married or sentenced to death. Marriage is a union of husband and wife for
their joint lives unless it be dissolved sooner, and the Court cannot dissolve
a union which has already been determined.

4 _Stanhope_ was applied by the English Court of Appeal in _In re Seaford,
Decd_ [1968] 1 P 53 (“ _Seaford_ ”) and the Malaysian court in _Suci Mathews v
Thomas Mathews_ [1985] 2 MLJ 228. I agree with the decision in _Stanhope_ and
the cases that followed. As Wilmer LJ held in _Seaford at 6_ 9 —

The death of the husband not only caused the suit to abate; it destroyed the
cause of Action, and there was no longer any subject-matter to which the
purported decree absolute could apply.

5 The decree nisi is an inchoate order and, until it is made absolute, may be
overtaken by the event of death. The proper reading of s 7 of the Women’s
Charter is that a marriage is dissolved on the occurrence of any of the three
events stipulated in s 7(a)–(c). Death of a party to the marriage and a court
order are two such events. The court order finally dissolving a marriage is
the decree absolute and not the decree nisi because the decree nisi will not
dissolve the marriage if the court has reasons not to grant the decree
absolute, rare as that may be.

6 Counsel for the appellants submitted that under s 99(3) of the Women’s
Charter, it was incumbent on Hou to apply for the decree absolute but she
failed to do so, such that the appellants were entitled to apply for and
obtain the decree absolute as the decree nisi could and should be made
absolute, particularly since the ancillary matters orders were already made.
Section 99(3) does not assist the appellants because it applies only if the
death of a party to the marriage had not intervened. Section 99 concerns
applications to make decree nisi absolute and the powers of the court after
hearing the parties, which include rescinding the decree nisi or making it
absolute.

7 Counsel for the appellants also submitted that the case of _Sivakolunthu
Kumarasamy v Shanmugam Nagaiah and another_ [1987] SLR(R) 702 (“
_Sivakolunthu_ ”) makes it clear that a decree nisi legally terminates the
marriage. Counsel’s reliance on _Sivakolunthu_ is misplaced. The court in
_Sivakolunthu_ did not say that a decree nisi legally terminates a marriage.
The court only held at [24]–[25] that the decree nisi practically terminates
the marriage. Furthermore, the court was not considering the same issue
presently raised. Instead, the issue before the court there was whether an
order for the division of matrimonial assets made under s 106(1) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1970 Rev Ed) was valid and enforceable when made
upon a decree nisi. The court had to interpret s 106(1) of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 1970 Rev Ed), not s 7 of the Women’s Charter which is the Section in
issue here. _Sivakolunthu_ must not be read out of context to stand for more
than it Actually does.

8 What effect this decision would have on the ancillary matters and the part-
heard appeal are not issues before me and I thus express no opinion in that
regard. For the reasons above, this appeal is dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Mar 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

