Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Lee Kao Chong Sylvester  
[2012] SGHC 96

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 279 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 07 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Ms Sanjna Rai, Mr Prem Raj, and Ms Toh Puay San for the
Appellant (Attorney-General's Chambers); The Respondent in person.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Lee Kao Chong Sylvester  
  
7 May 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA:

Introduction

1 This appeal, Magistrate’s Appeal No 279/2011 (“MA 279/2011”), was brought by
the Prosecution against the sentence meted out by the District Judge (“the
DJ”) in respect of a charge of negligent driving, which caused the death of
one Phyie Phyo Swe (“the deceased”), under s 304A(b) of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 2008 Rev Ed) (“Penal Code”). The DJ sentenced the Respondent to a fine of
$6,000 and disqualified him from driving all classes of vehicles for a period
of three years. In imposing this sentence, the DJ also took into consideration
a second charge under s 337(b) of the Penal Code for causing hurt to Lin
Nandar Han (“the victim”) by doing a negligent act which endangered human
life. Having heard the parties on 7 March 2012, I allowed the Prosecution’s
appeal and substituted the sentence of a fine with imprisonment for one week.
I now give my reasons.

Background

The charge

2 The Respondent pleaded guilty to one charge for causing death by a negligent
act under s 304A(b) of the Penal Code. The charge reads as follows:[note: 1]

You, … are charged that you, on the 26th day of March 2011, at about 9.59p.m.,
along Upper Serangoon Road, Singapore, being the driver of motor car bearing
registration number SGA8826T, did cause the death of a pedestrian, one Pyie
Phyo Swe (male/ aged 31 years old), by doing a _negligent_ act not amounting
to culpable homicide, _to wit_ , by failing to keep a proper lookout while
reversing the said motor car along Upper Serangoon Road and thereby resulting
in a collision with the said pedestrian, who was crossing from the right to
left side along the said road, which resulted in the death of the said
pedestrian, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section
304A(b) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

[emphasis in original]

The facts

3 The salient facts pertaining to the commission of the offence by the
Respondent are as follows. On 26 March 2011, at approximately 9.59pm, the
Respondent was driving his motor car along Upper Serangoon Road towards the
direction of Serangoon Road.[note: 2] He was driving along the extreme left
lane of the three-lane carriageway road. When the Respondent arrived at the
entrance of the Singapore Institute of Commerce (“SIC”), he realised that the
gate was closed.[note: 3] The Respondent then decided to reverse his vehicle
far enough so as to turn left into Lorong Batawi which had an alternative
entrance (through a side gate) to the SIC.[note: 4] The Respondent, in order
to take advantage of the lull in the traffic flow at that very moment, quickly
reversed so as not to cause any obstruction to oncoming vehicles at the
rear.[note: 5] In the course of speedily reversing his vehicle, the Respondent
did check his rear view mirror and turn his head back (towards the
left).[note: 6] However, he failed to look at his speedometer and the right
rear view of his vehicle.[note: 7] As a result, he failed to see the deceased
and the victim, who were crossing the same stretch of the road at that very
moment from the centre divider at the rear (viewed from the Respondent’s
position, from his right to the left side of the road).[note: 8]
Understandably, the victim did not notice the Respondent’s vehicle which was
reversing as the deceased and the victim would not have expected any vehicles
to come from that direction, their right.

4 The collision occurred somewhere between the extreme left and the centre
lane of the road.[note: 9] The location was not within 50 metres of any
designated pedestrian crossing.[note: 10] The Respondent’s vehicle was
believed to have run over the deceased.[note: 11] An independent eye witness
to the unfortunate event saw the Respondent reversing his vehicle at a fast
speed prior to colliding with the deceased and the victim.[note: 12]

5 As a result of the accident, the deceased sustained multiple injuries and
was conveyed to Changi General Hospital.[note: 13] The deceased remained in a
state of coma until 3 April 2011 when his family decided, in the light of his
grave state, to withdraw further medical therapy.[note: 14] The deceased was
pronounced dead on the same day at 1.30pm.[note: 15]

6 The Health Science Authority certified that the cause of the deceased’s
death was pneumonia following severe head injury.[note: 16] The head injury to
the deceased was due to the impact of a severe blunt force to the face and
skull which could have been sustained by the deceased having been run over by
the respondent’s vehicle.[note: 17]

7 At the time of the accident, the weather was fine, visibility was clear, and
the road surface was dry.[note: 18] In addition, traffic flow was light and
there were no inherent mechanical defects detected in the Respondent’s vehicle
following a mechanical inspection of the vehicle carried out after the
accident.[note: 19]

The DJ’s decision

8 The DJ first considered the case of _Public Prosecutor v Gan Lim Soon_
[1993] 2 SLR(R) 67 (“ _Gan Lim Soon_ ”) where Yong Pung How CJ ruled that
fines should be imposed as a starting point for such offences (_Gan Lim Soon_
at [10]):

Under s 304A the act can be due to either rashness or negligence. If death has
been caused by a rash act the proper punishment would be imprisonment for a
term not exceeding two years. If death has been caused instead by a negligent
act, it would be sufficient _in most cases_ to inflict a fine on the accused.
In this case the charge is for causing death by a negligent act, and in my
view the appropriate punishment would be a fine. Accordingly I allow the
appeal, set aside the order of acquittal, and impose a fine of $6,000 with a
sentence of three months’ imprisonment in default of payment. The respondent
is also disqualified from driving all classes of vehicles for five years.

[emphasis added]

9 The DJ then considered that the Respondent’s level of culpability was
mitigated by the steps that he had taken to reverse responsibly – _ie._ , by
checking his rear view mirror and by turning his head to the left and back
whilst reversing – although he failed to take the critical step of checking
the rear right of his vehicle (see [24] of the GD).

10 The DJ further considered two precedents. Firstly, the case of _Sim Chong
Eng v Public Prosecutor_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 119 of 1993, where the
offender, a driver of a bus belonging to the Singapore Bus Service (“SBS”) at
the time of the commission of the offence, was charged with causing death by
doing a negligent act, namely encroaching onto the path of an oncoming bus.
The offender was turning out of a bus interchange. Upon reaching the
T-junction of the driveway of the interchange, he turned left without stopping
and encroached onto the path of another SBS bus, which was on its proper side
and hence had the right of way, coming from the opposite direction. A
collision occurred between the two buses and the driver of the oncoming
vehicle was killed. The offender was sentenced to a fine of $6,000 and
disqualified from driving all classes of vehicles for five years.

11 The DJ next considered the case of _Chew Ah Kiat v Public Prosecutor_
[2001] 2 SLR(R) 886. The offender in this case was charged with causing death
by doing a negligent act, namely, by failing to keep a proper lookout. The
offender, who, at the material time was driving a bus belonging to SBS, failed
to notice an elderly cyclist crossing a pedestrian crossing and collided into
him when he made a right turn at a signalled controlled T-junction. The victim
fell from his bicycle and died from a fractured skull. For this offence, the
offender was sentenced to a fine of $6,000 and disqualified from driving for 5
years.

12 All matters considered, the DJ concluded (at [25] of the GD):

...In our present case, the court considered that the accused did take some
degree of caution in ensuring that the road was clear before reversing but
unfortunately, he failed to look at the right rear view of his vehicle and
check his speedometer. Moreover, the deceased and the victim were not crossing
within the 50 metres zone from any designated pedestrian crossing. Taking all
the circumstances of this case into consideration, the court imposed a fine of
$6000 and ordered a disqualification from all classes of vehicles for 3 years.
The prosecution is appealing against the sentence imposed.

The Prosecution’s contentions

13 The Prosecution contended, in the main, that the sentence meted out by the
DJ was manifestly inadequate and that the DJ had failed to properly appreciate
the aggravating features present in this case and the need for general
deterrence. The Prosecution highlighted the following factors which the DJ had
failed to place adequate, if any, weight upon:

(a) The Respondent caused the death of the deceased whilst committing another
traffic offence;

(b) The Respondent had reversed his vehicle for an extended distance of 65.7
metres against the flow of traffic; and

(c) The Respondent had reversed his vehicle at a high speed.

14 In relation to factor (a) above, the Prosecution contended that the
Respondent’s actions in reversing his vehicle against the flow of traffic
constituted a violation of traffic rules. As for factor (b) above, the
Prosecution submitted that the Respondent had reversed his vehicle, against
the flow of traffic, for a significant distance of 65.7 metres. As a result,
it was submitted, the Respondent’s culpability was aggravated because of the
sustained manner of negligent driving.

15 In the light of the factors highlighted above (at [13]), the Prosecution
contended that the Respondent’s actions – when viewed in totality – bordered
upon gross recklessness and that a custodial term was warranted in this case.

My decision

16 As stated at the outset of this Grounds of Decision, the appeal is in
relation to sentence. In this regard, the law as to when appellate courts will
interfere with sentences meted out by trial courts was succinctly stated by
the Court of Appeal (_per_ Chan Sek Keong CJ) in _Public Prosecutor v UI_
[2008] 4 SLR(R) 500 (“ _PP v UI_ ”) as follows (at [12]):

It is, of course, well established (see,  _inter alia_ , Tan  _Koon Swan v PP_
[1985-1986] SLR(R) 976 and  _Ong Ah Tiong v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 587) that an
appellate court will not ordinarily disturb the sentence imposed by the trial
court except where it is satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge erred with respect to the proper factual basis for
sentencing;

(b) the trial judge failed to appreciate the materials placed before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence was manifestly excessive or manifestly inadequate, as the
case may be.

17 For the reasons set out hereunder, this was a case where this appellate
court ought, in accordance with principles (a), (b) and (d) enunciated in _PP
v UI_ (see immediately preceding paragraph), to interfere in the sentence
imposed by the DJ. While it is true that a person guilty of an offence under s
304A of causing death by a negligent act will ordinarily be sentenced to a
fine (see _Gan Lim Soon_ quoted at [8] above), much would depend on the nature
and extent of the default (see _Mohamad_ _Iskandar bin Basri v Public
Prosecutor_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 440 at [24] and _Public Prosecutor v Poh Teck
Huat_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 299 at [19]–[20]). Custodial sentences have been imposed
for the causing of death by a negligent act. For example, in _Public
Prosecutor v Jamil bin Kassan_ [2009] SGDC 167 the offender, a taxi driver,
was speeding and did not keep a proper look-out while driving along a four-
lane carriageway when he collided into a pedestrian who was crossing the road.
The pedestrian was pronounced dead at the scene. The offender was sentenced to
one-week’s imprisonment and was disqualified from holding or obtaining a
driving licence in all classes of vehicles for five years. His appeal against
his sentence was later withdrawn. Another example is _Public Prosecutor v
Abdul Latiff bin Maideen_ _Pillay_ [2006] SGDC 245 where a taxi driver, while
travelling on the middle lane of a three-lane road, failed to keep a proper
look-out and collided into and caused the death of a 85 year old pedestrian
who was crossing the road. He was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment and was
disqualified from holding driving licences for all classes of vehicle for
three years. An appeal against his sentence appears to have been withdrawn.

18 Ultimately, the circumstances under which the offences were committed are
decisive and it is not an issue which is amenable to precise definition. It
stands to reason that the more serious the negligence, the more justification
there is for the imposition of a custodial sentence. It is a fact-sensitive
question.

19 In relation to the present case, I am of the view that the DJ’s sentence
was manifestly inadequate because he did not give sufficient consideration to
the aggravating features of this case which were: (i) the accident was not
caused by a momentary lapse on the part of the Respondent but due to a
deliberate move on his part to reverse his vehicle for an extensive distance
in order to be in a position to turn left into Lorong Batawi; (ii) in so
reversing, the Respondent had committed a traffic offence; and (iii) in
reversing his vehicle at such high speed, he could not completely see what was
in the path of his reversing vehicle. In my opinion, reversing a vehicle at
high speed over an extensive distance when you cannot see everything in your
path is indeed a dangerous act or recklessness. However, the DJ instead seemed
to have given credit to the Respondent for checking his rear view mirror and
turning his head backwards (from the left) in reversing. What the DJ did not
appear to appreciate is that turning his head to the left and towards the back
would not and did not give the Respondent a full view of what was in his path.
Moreover, the DJ, instead of viewing the fact that the Respondent did the
reversing over an extended distance with concern, seemed to have given more
consideration to the reason that the Respondent reversed quickly, _viz_ , that
he “did not want to cause any disruption to the traffic flow”. The proper
course for the Respondent would have been to drive forward to the next
available U-turn which was in fact a fairly short distance away. Instead, the
Respondent took a course which caused a dangerous situation to arise. I agree
with the Prosecution that the Respondent’s culpability, insofar as the manner
in which he was negligent, at least bordered upon recklessness. In short, the
Respondent was grossly negligent in reversing his vehicle in the manner which
he did – and in so doing caused the death of the deceased. In the public
interest, it is vitally important not to create the impression that traffic
offences due to negligence which causes death are, whatever the circumstances,
not serious and will only attract a fine. In the result, I was of the view
that a fine, which would ordinarily be imposed for the offence of negligently
causing death, should not be followed in this case because of the aggravating
circumstances and that a custodial sentence was warranted.

20 I therefore allowed the Prosecution’s appeal and imposed a term of one
week’s imprisonment in place of a fine. The term of disqualification imposed
by the DJ (see [1] above) was to remain. I also ordered that the fine imposed
by the DJ and already paid by the Respondent was to be refunded to him.

* * *

[note: 1]Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) at p 3.

[note: 2]Statement of Facts at [5] (ROP at p 4).

[note: 3]Statement of Facts at [6] (ROP at p 4).

[note: 4]_Ibid_.

[note: 5]_Ibid_.

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]_Ibid_.

[note: 8]_Ibid_.

[note: 9]Statement of Facts at [8] (ROP at p 5).

[note: 10]Statement of Facts at [7] (ROP at p 5)..

[note: 11]Statement of Facts at [8] (ROP at p 5)..

[note: 12]Statement of Facts at [9] (ROP at p 5),

[note: 13]Statement of Facts at [10] (ROP at p 5).

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]_Ibid_.

[note: 16]Statement of Facts at [11] (ROP at p 5).

[note: 17]Statement of Facts at [12] (ROP at p 5).

[note: 18]Statement of Facts at [17] (ROP at p 6).

[note: 19]_Ibid_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

