Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Xu Zhaohe _v_ Public Prosecutor  
[2012] SGHC 124

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 34 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 12 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Anthony Lim Heng Yong and Awyong Leong Hwee (Anthony Law
Corporation) for the appellant; Charlene Tay Chia (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Xu Zhaohe — Public Prosecutor  
  
12 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 This was an appeal against a custodial sentence imposed for the offence
under s 13(2)(_b_) of the National Registration Act (Cap 201, 1992 Rev Ed)
(“the NRA”) of using an identity card (“I/C”) other than one’s own without
lawful authority or reasonable excuse (referred to hereafter as the “s
13(2)(_b_) NRA offence” for short). At the conclusion of the hearing of the
appeal, I set aside the custodial sentence and substituted a fine of $3,000 on
the grounds that the sentence of imprisonment was wrong in principle,
inappropriate and manifestly excessive. I now give the detailed reasons for my
decision.

Factual background

2 The appellant was the subject of a self-exclusion order applied for on his
behalf by his son on 21 September 2010 as a result of his (_ie_ , the
appellant’s) own fear that he would be unable to resist the temptation of
gambling in a casino. About a year later, on 4 September 2011 at around
1.55am, the appellant was caught attempting to use his wife’s I/C to enter the
casino at Resorts World Sentosa. His wife had paid the $100 levy (applicable
to Singapore citizens and Singapore permanent residents) to enter the casino
and had gone out to use the toilet. Before doing so, she had (according to the
Statement of Facts) handed her I/C to the appellant for safekeeping. The
appellant decided to enter the casino with his wife’s I/C, but encountered
difficulties in scanning her I/C at the casino’s gantry. A casino security
officer went to assist him and discovered his unlawful act.

3 The appellant was charged with two offences in the District Court. He
pleaded guilty to the two charges, and the district judge (“the DJ”) sentenced
him to two months’ imprisonment for the first charge and a fine of $800 (with
one week’s imprisonment in default) for the second charge. The charges were
for:

(a) a s 13(2)(_b_) NRA offence, specifically, making use of his wife’s I/C
without lawful authority (this was the first charge); and

(b) the offence (applicable only to Singapore citizens and Singapore permanent
residents) under s 116(6) of the Casino Control Act (Cap 33A, 2007 Rev Ed)
(“the CCA”) read with s 511 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 2008 Rev Ed) of
attempting to enter a casino without paying the levy of $100 (this was the
second charge).

4 The appellant appealed against the sentence imposed for the first charge. In
giving his reasons for sentencing the appellant to imprisonment for this
charge, the DJ said (see _Public Prosecutor v Xu_ _Zhaohe_ [2012] SGDC 60
(“the GD”) at [14]):

The possession of another person’s [I/C] for an unlawful purpose is a serious
offence. The gravity is clearly expressed in the case of PP v Tan Woon Kheng
[2006] SGDC 184 where the court stated that “the [I/C] is a form of valuable
security and is a highly prized item. Its value to criminal syndicates is
immense. It confers rights and liabilities on the bearer. A person can use it
to effect various transactions, such as to borrow money, to purchase goods,
and the like on the basis that he is the person represented in the [I/C] and
he is traceable. Proliferation of such illegal activities involving the use of
[I/Cs] would cast a long shadow over the integrity of the entire [I/C]
system.”

In my view, the DJ’s reliance on what was held in _Public Prosecutor v Tan
Woon Kheng_ [2006] SGDC 184 (“ _Tan Woon Kheng_ ”) was entirely out of context
in the present case: the appellant was not a member of any criminal syndicate.

5 At [15] of the GD, the DJ referred to the facts and the manner in which the
appellant had committed the offence, as well as the rationale for the $100
levy imposed under s 116 of the CCA on Singapore citizens and Singapore
permanent residents entering a casino, _ie_ , “to signal that gambling is an
expense and not a means to make a living, and to discourage casual and impulse
gambling” (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (22 November
2011) vol 88 _per_ MG (NS) Chan Chun Sing, Acting Minister for Community
Development, Youth and Sports). The DJ then said (at [16] of the GD):

The facts in the present case would call for a deterrent sentence. The
[appellant] was in fact served with a self-exclusion order by the National
Council on Problem Gambling on the 21/9/2010. Notwithstanding the exclusion
order, the [appellant] had attempted to use his wife’s [I/C] to gain entry
into the casino.

My decision

6 With respect, I was unable to see why the facts of the present case called
for a deterrent sentence. On the contrary, I thought this was the sort of case
where a judge should have some understanding of the nature of the offence
committed by the appellant and why he committed it. Granted, the appellant’s
offence had to do with the use of another person’s I/C without lawful
authority, which criminal act, the DJ held, would “cast a long shadow over the
integrity of the entire [I/C] system” (see the GD at [14], quoting from _Tan
Woon Kheng_ at [15]) if it were to proliferate. Against this, however, it must
be remembered that the appellant did not steal someone else’s I/C to commit an
offence which caused harm to another person or to the public. He merely used
his wife’s I/C, which she had delivered to him for temporary custody while she
went to the toilet. The appellant used his wife’s I/C to try to enter the
casino because he obviously could not resist the temptation of entering a
casino. There was no evidence that he wanted to get into the casino to gamble.
It would be reasonable to infer that he wanted to enter the casino in order to
gamble, but it might well have been the case that he only wanted to savour the
ambience of a casino.

7 Although the mere use of another person’s I/C without lawful authority or
reasonable excuse is an offence under s 13(2)(_b_) of the NRA, the gravity of
this offence must depend on the purpose for which the I/C is used, and the
sentence imposed by the court must in turn reflect the gravity of the offence.
One may misuse another person’s I/C for all kinds of reasons and all kinds of
purposes. The s 13(2)(_b_) NRA offence is an offence that takes its colour or
moral culpability from the context in which the unlawful use of another
person’s I/C takes place. A teenager who uses her elder sister’s I/C to enter
a nightclub may have committed a s 13(2)(_b_) NRA offence, but a court would
not sentence her to imprisonment even though she has misused another person’s
I/C. This is because the moral culpability involved in such a s 13(2)(_b_) NRA
offence is slight. Such unlawful use of another person’s I/C is of a totally
different complexion from the scenario where a person steals someone else’s
I/C in order to enter premises to commit arson, or in order to enter a
prohibited place to commit a terrorist act. The sentences imposed in these
various scenarios should reflect the different degrees of moral culpability
involved.

8 A review of some of the cases on s 13(2)(_b_) NRA offences shows the court’s
discerning approach in this area. In the case of _Public Prosecutor v Tan Wei
Shin_ [2010] SGDC 53 (“ _Tan Wei Shin_ ”), the accused picked up another
person’s I/C. He went to a SingTel shop and used the stolen I/C to apply for a
mobile phone plan in the victim’s name. The idea was to obtain and then sell
the free iPhone that came with the mobile phone plan. The accused was
sentenced to four months’ imprisonment by the District Court. The sentence was
reduced to two months’ imprisonment on appeal (see _Tan Wei Shin v Public
Prosecutor_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 49 of 2010 (unreported)). The facts of
_Badahul Zaman Bin Abu Bakar v Public Prosecutor_ [2008] SGDC 353 (“ _Badahul_
_Zaman_ ”) are similar to those in _Tan Wei Shin_. In _Badahul Zaman_ , the
accused used his former mother-in-law’s I/C to apply for a SingTel mobile
phone number and thereafter used the mobile phone number without paying the
charges incurred. The accused was charged under s 13(2)(_b_) of the NRA for
using his former mother-in-law’s I/C without lawful authority, and also under
s 43 of the Telecommunications Act (Cap 323, 2000 Rev Ed) for dishonestly
using a telecommunication service with intent to avoid paying the applicable
charges. The District Court sentenced the accused to three months’
imprisonment for each charge. On appeal, both charges were substituted with
cheating charges under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), and the
sentence for each charge was reduced to six weeks’ imprisonment (see _Badahul
Zaman Bin Abu Bakar v Public Prosecutor_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 266 of 2008
(unreported)). Finally, in _Cheong Siat Fong v Public Prosecutor_ [2005] SGHC
176, the accused stole a blank DBS cheque and an I/C belonging to her friend.
She forged a signature on the cheque and used it with the I/C to withdraw
almost $40,000 from her friend’s bank account. The District Court’s sentence
of three months’ imprisonment for the s 13(2)(_b_) NRA offence was enhanced to
24 months’ imprisonment on appeal.

9 Compared with these cases, the custodial sentence imposed on the appellant
in the present case was wrong in principle, inappropriate and manifestly
excessive, having regard to the circumstances of the case and, in particular,
the fact that the only reason why the appellant used his wife’s I/C to try to
enter the casino was because he could not do so with his own I/C due to the
self-exclusion order in force against him. In order to assess the degree of
culpability in such a case, it is first necessary to understand the role of
self-exclusion orders in the statutory and regulatory framework.

10 A self-exclusion order is a species of exclusion order under the all-
encompassing regulatory and enforcement framework of the CCA. Its main purpose
is to enable persons who consider themselves vulnerable to the temptation of
gambling, especially in casinos, to avoid financial harm to themselves (and,
indirectly, their families) by voluntarily giving up their right (upon payment
of the prescribed levy in the case of Singapore citizens and Singapore
permanent residents) to enter casinos. Exclusion orders were created to
supplement social safeguards, such as counselling hotlines and addiction
management services, that are meant to guard against the proliferation of
gambling in casinos. The idea is that if those vulnerable to the temptation of
gambling are barred from entering casinos, they cannot harm themselves and/or
their families through gambling in casinos. There are five main types of
exclusion orders, namely:

(a) exclusion orders issued by casino operators (see s 120 of the CCA);

(b) exclusion orders issued by the Casino Regulatory Authority of Singapore
(“the Casino Regulatory Authority”) (see s 121 of the CCA);

(c) exclusion orders issued by the Commissioner of Police (see s 122 of the
CCA);

(d) family exclusion orders issued by the National Council on Problem Gambling
(“the NCPG”) (see s 159 of the CCA); and

(e) mandatory exclusion orders issued by the NCPG, which include self-
exclusion orders (see s 165A(1)(_c_) of the CCA).

11 A self-exclusion order is essentially an exclusion order made pursuant to a
voluntary application by a person to the NCPG for himself to be excluded from
entering casinos (see s 165A(1)(_c_) of the CCA). An application for a self-
exclusion order can be made quickly and conveniently over the Internet, and is
meant to be a self-help remedy. Importantly, a self-exclusion order can be
lifted with little fuss by the applicant himself. In this regard, s 165A(3) of
the CCA provides:

A person [who has applied for a self-exclusion order] shall be excluded from
entering or remaining, or taking part in any gaming, on any casino premises
_until such time as the person notifies the [NCPG]_ in the prescribed form and
manner _that he wishes to cease to be so excluded._ [emphasis added]

Unlike an application for a self-exclusion order, a notice to cease self-
exclusion cannot at present be given to the NCPG via the Internet. Instead,
such a notice can only be given to the NCPG by filling up a form available at
its office (see r 21 of the Casino Control (Problem Gambling – Exclusion
Orders) Rules 2008 (S 623/2008)). Clearly, the purpose of the prescribed
procedures is to make it easy for people to exclude themselves from casinos,
but less easy for them to reverse their decision to apply for self-exclusion.

12 To give exclusion orders bite, general enforcement measures are provided
for in the CCA. A person who contravenes an exclusion order and enters a
casino will forfeit all his winnings (see s 128 of the CCA). Casinos are also
under an obligation to ensure that an excluded person (_ie_ , a person barred
from entering a casino by an exclusion order (see s 2(1) of the CCA)) does not
enter their premises (see ss 126 and 127 of the CCA). It is pertinent that the
CCA criminalises breaches of only those exclusion orders issued by the Casino
Regulatory Authority and the Commissioner of Police (see s 125(2) of the CCA
read with s 195 thereof). In other words, under the CCA, a breach of a self-
exclusion order (or a family exclusion order) is _in itself_ not a criminal
offence. The non-criminalisation of breaches of self-exclusion orders was a
deliberate policy decision. It is not a _lacuna_ or gap in the legislation.
The social safeguards implemented by the CCA were reviewed in 2009, and
proposals to strengthen them further were tendered to Parliament on 15
September 2009\. It is notable that none of the proposals was to criminalise
breaches of self-exclusion orders (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates,
Official Report_ (15 September 2009) vol 86 at cols 1501–1503).

13 Parliament’s decision not to criminalise breaches of self-exclusion orders
is, in my view, highly material to the determination of the proper punishment
in cases such as the present. The court must keep in mind the enforcement
measures that have already been implemented in the CCA. Casinos are obliged to
conduct stringent checks to ensure that excluded persons do not enter their
premises. If the barriers erected by the casinos are impermeable to excluded
persons, attempts to breach exclusion orders will necessarily be futile. In a
sense, it is also just that casinos should bear the brunt of enforcing
exclusion orders. In the event that an excluded person makes it past the
barriers erected by a casino, all his winnings (if any) will be confiscated if
he is discovered. The risk of confiscation severely decreases the incentive
for an excluded person to attempt to enter a casino to gamble. If properly
implemented, these two enforcement measures reduce the need to criminalise
breaches of self-exclusion orders.

14 Criminalising breaches of self-exclusion orders will, in any event, lead to
an absurd outcome. The result will be that an excluded person who has the
foresight to apply to lift his self-exclusion order before going to a casino
to gamble is not a criminal, but an excluded person who momentarily succumbs
to temptation and enters a casino to gamble despite the self-exclusion order
in force against him is. The essential state of mind in both cases is the
same: the excluded person feels compelled to go to a casino to gamble. The
mere fact that one excluded person has the foresight to plan ahead while the
other lacks such foresight should not, in my view, be the determinant of
whether a person who enters a casino to gamble is a criminal or an innocent.
In the present case, s 13(2)(_b_) of the NRA is simply the formal avenue by
which the appellant’s act of unlawfully using his wife’s I/C is criminalised.
The substance of the appellant’s offence is still essentially an attempt to
breach a self-exclusion order.

15 Before this court, the Prosecution argued, unthinkingly, that the deterrent
custodial sentence imposed by the DJ was appropriate _vis-à-vis_ the
appellant, presumably because he had used his wife’s I/C to try to enter the
casino, even though he had no antecedents. Deterrent sentencing should always
be viewed in its proper context and used in appropriate circumstances. In my
view, the present circumstances did not call for a deterrent sentence. Self-
exclusion orders are meant to be a _self-help_ remedy for those vulnerable to
the temptation of gambling. Given that Parliament has decided not to
criminalise breaches of self-exclusion orders, the courts should be cautious
not to let deterrence undermine the self-help regime implemented by
Parliament. Too harsh a punishment for an offence which consists, in essence,
of breaching or attempting to breach a self-exclusion order will only dissuade
those especially vulnerable to the temptation of gambling, who are not
confident of resisting such temptation, from applying for a self-exclusion
order in the first place. Furthermore, those who are more confident of their
ability to resist the temptation of gambling may decide to take their chances
with their willpower (_viz_ , by not applying for a self-exclusion order)
rather than needlessly run the risk of imprisonment (in the event that they
apply for a self-exclusion order and are subsequently prosecuted for an
offence which consists essentially of an actual or attempted breach of the
self-exclusion order). Persons who are already subject to a self-exclusion
order may now decide to lift the order rather than take the risk of being sent
to prison if they were to succumb to their gambling compulsion and end up
being prosecuted for what is, in essence, a breach or an attempted breach of
the order.

16 On a related note, family exclusion orders (taken out by family members if
certain conditions are met) are meant to be a non-adversarial means for
families to help the problem gamblers in their midst. Deterrence should be
sensitively applied in this context as well. Severe sentences for offences
which consist essentially of breaching or attempting to breach a family
exclusion order may inadvertently lead to greater internal conflict as the
offenders concerned may blame their punishment on the family member who
applied for the exclusion order. Severe sentences in this context may also
have the result of deterring or disincentivising family members from applying
for family exclusion orders – nobody wants to see a loved one in prison.
Ultimately, as Parliament has recognised, the most effective way of ensuring
that exclusion orders are not breached is for casinos to ensure that an
excluded person cannot get into their premises.

Conclusion

17 In the circumstances, since the rule of law must be upheld, I decided that
a fine of $3,000 would be appropriate punishment in the present case. This was
within the range of fines of $3,000 to $5,000 imposed by the District Courts
on similar facts in _Public Prosecutor v Wong Yong Kheong_ District Arrest
Cases Nos 15412 and 15413 of 2011 (unreported) and _Public Prosecutor v Oh
Choon Aik Philip and another_ Magistrate’s Arrest Cases Nos 7976 and 7978 of
2011 (unreported).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

