Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sivakami d/o Sivanantham _v_ Attorney-General  
[2012] SGHCR 5

Case Number| :| Suit No. 992 of 2009/F-NA 2 of 2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 01 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tan Sze Yao AR  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Perumal Athitham and Seenivasan Lalita (Yeo Perumal
Mohideen Law Corporation) for the plaintiff; Lee Hui Shan, Genevieve and
Denise Wong (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Sivakami d/o Sivanantham — Attorney-General  
  
1 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
AR Tan Sze Yao:

Introduction

1 On Saturday 11 February 2006, the plaintiff, a school teacher, went to
Zhangde Primary School to do some work and to prepare her classroom for the
following week. Leaving her handbag in the teachers’ staff room on the second
storey, she remained in the classroom until after 12:30 pm. She then found
that the roller shutters to the staff room and the ground floor exits of the
staircases were all locked. Her mobile phone was in her handbag, so she tried
instead to shout for help. Unfortunately, this was to no avail. In the event,
the plaintiff climbed out of a ventilation gap at a staircase and jumped down
some 3.7 metres. She injured her right ankle and had to be hospitalised as a
result. The plaintiff later brought this claim for damages against the
defendant. Interlocutory judgment by consent was subsequently entered on 31
January 2011 for 70% of the overall damages to be assessed to be paid for by
the defendant.

2 The present proceedings for assessment of damages raise three interesting
issues. First, to what extent should an award of damages for pain and
suffering be qualified by a plaintiff’s understandable but subjective
reluctance to follow the advice of her doctors to undergo a particular course
of necessary medical treatment? Second, how authoritative should a government
officer’s Current Estimated Potential grading be in assessing that officer’s
loss of future earnings? And third, how should a court view a claim for
prospective damages that is premised upon a contingency entirely within the
plaintiff’s control? These issues will be dealt with as they come up under the
pain and suffering, loss of future earnings and future medical expenses heads
of damages respectively.

3 The plaintiff and the defendant have taken largely contrasting positions in
terms of the proposed damages to be awarded. These are set out in the
following table:

(a) |  General Damages |  Plaintiff |  Defendant  
---|---|---|---  
|  (i) |  Pain, suffering and loss of amenities Orthopaedic injuries Psychiatric disorders |  Unclear: either $130,000.00 or $203,000.00 \- Unclear: either $80,000.00 or $153,000.00 \- $50,000.00 |  $34,000.00 \- $30,000.00 \- $4,000.00  
|  (ii) |  Loss of future earnings and/or earning capacity Loss of future earnings for the next 10 years (“Stage I”) Loss of future earnings after 10 years up to retirement age (“Stage II”) |  $1,688,400.00 \- $487,200.00 \- $1,201,200.00 |  Nil \- Nil \- Nil  
|  (iii) |  Future medical expenses |  $147,200.00 |  $35,800.00  
|  (iv) |  Future transport expenses |  $27,000.00 |  $11,000.00  
|  |  _Subtotal_ |  _$2,065,600.00_ |  _$80,800.00_  
(b) |  Special damages |  Plaintiff |  Defendant  
|  (i) |  Pre-trial medical expenses |  $6,688.48 |  $6,688.48  
|  (ii) |  Pre-trial transport expenses |  $10,560.00 |  $4,806.50  
|  (iii) |  Pre-trial loss of earnings |  $2,540.00 |  $2,540.00  
|  (iv) |  Miscellaneous expenses (ambulance service etc.) |  $640.00 |  $640.00  
|  |  _Subtotal_ |  _$20,428.48_ |  _$14,674.98_  
|  |  **Total** |  **$2,086,028.48** |  **$95,474.98**  
  
  

*Since there is some discrepancy between the figures submitted by plaintiff’s counsel at the close of hearing and in their subsequent written submissions, I have taken the figures stated in the written submissions to be authoritative.

From the above, it may be seen that apart from agreement on three out of four
items coming under special damages – specifically, pre-trial medical expenses,
pre-trial loss of earnings and miscellaneous expenditures – parties are in
great disagreement on the correct amount of damages to be awarded. I will now
go through each of the heads of damages in turn.

Pain, suffering and loss of amenities

4 This head of damages is made up of two distinct components in the instant
case: (a) damages for pain and suffering in respect of the plaintiff’s
orthopaedic injuries and the subsequent loss of amenity resulting therefrom;
and (b) damages for pain and suffering in respect of the plaintiff’s
psychiatric disorders borne out of the accident, including but not limited to
post-traumatic stress disorder (“PTSD”).

5 Both the plaintiff and the defendant appear to be agreeable to considering
the claim for loss of amenities together with the claim for pain and suffering
arising out of the plaintiff’s orthopaedic injuries (_viz_ , component (a) in
paragraph 4 above). In any case, even though pain and suffering and the loss
of amenities are two distinct heads of damages, it is not unusual to see pain
and suffering and loss of amenities being quantified together and a single
award made, largely because it is difficult, as a matter of practice, to
separate the two: see _Au Yeong Wing Loong v Chew Hai Ban & Anor t/a Kian Heng
Hiring Equipments Co_ [1993] 3 SLR 355. The courts will usually only make two
distinct awards in extreme cases, such as where the plaintiff has been
rendered blind, paraplegic or sexually incapable: see, for example, _Denis
Matthew Harte v Dr Tan Hun Hoe & Anor_ [2000] SGHC 248.

6 Separately, it would be best at this juncture to note that the exact amount
claimed by the plaintiff for pain, suffering and loss of amenities is unclear.
It appears from the plaintiff’s submissions that two claim quanta are
possible: a flat sum of $80,000.00 as noted at paragraph 28, or a compound sum
of $153,000.00 arrived at by adding $80,000.00 to three other sub-heads of
claim for an open fracture to the plaintiff’s right ankle ($40,000.00),
scarring ($15,000.00) and osteoarthritis ($18,000.00).

Damages for pain, suffering and loss of amenities in respect of orthopaedic
injuries

7 The plaintiff was first advised in 2009 by Dr Wee Teck Huat Andy to undergo
ankle fusion surgery if her symptoms worsened. Later, in September/October
2011, the plaintiff was advised by her own expert witness and attending
physician, Dr Inderjeet Singh Rikhraj, to undergo ankle fusion surgery to
overcome her pain. Dr Singh had then advised the plaintiff that because of her
prior history of infection arising from the various operations that took place
immediately after the accident in 2006, there would be a 20% risk of
complications arising from non-union and infection, and a risk of the
development of subtalar and midfoot arthritis as a result of the ankle fusion
surgery. However, Dr Singh himself noted that the risk of an infection was an
anticipated complication of surgery that could, for most part, be managed with
antibiotics. The defendant’s expert witness, Professor Shamal Das De, opined
that while the risk of infection in the plaintiff’s case would be higher than
1%, it was very unlikely for such an infection risk to reach 20% in the case
of a fusion operation.

8 When the plaintiff was cross-examined on her doctors’ recommendations to
undergo ankle fusion surgery, she conceded that the surgery was necessary but
that it was her intention to postpone the surgery for “as long as I can”
because she was afraid of post-surgical infection and that her ankle would be
“fixed” – that is to say, that her ankle would have a restricted range of
motion due to fusion of the ankle joints. The following extract is
instructive:

DC:Can I confirm that you’ve been offered ankle fusion surgery since 2009?

P:Yes.

DC:And your doctors have explained that this surgery will help overcome your
pain.

P:Yes.

DC: **You have been refusing to accept the surgery, according to your doctors
and lawyers?**

P: **Not refusing. Just postponing as long as I can.** I have gone through a
previous infection the last time. It was very traumatic for me. I don’t want
to go through that again, at least until I really cannot take it anymore.

DC:You’ve experienced pain since 2009?

P:Before that. Since the accident. The pain has been getting worse and worse.

DC:So why are you waiting?

P:Buying time. **The surgery is necessary** , but the thought of going through
everything again is just unbearable to me.

DC:You have been advised of the benefits?

P:It would alleviate the pain. But the chances of infection are there. And it
is not a cure. My leg is not going to go back to its original state. Even if I
go for surgery, the ankle will be “fixed”. That will put more strain when I am
walking. Not going to get any better. It’s going to be worse.

DC:But it will address the pain, which is your chief concern?

P:It’s the strain on both legs. My other leg is also suffering.

DC:I think you need to be very clear to the court. What is it that causes you
to refuse the surgery? Risk of infection? Or the fact that your ankle will be
“fixed”?

P:Both.

DC: **And so you are putting this off indefinitely and waiting to see how it
goes.**

P: **Yes.**

DC:The risks of surgery are 20%, according to Dr Inderjeet Singh. So when you
say you are afraid of surgery complications, what I want to understand is what
exactly are you afraid of?

P:Pain from post-surgery complications. It was indescribable pain. You will
never imagine it possible. Even with painkillers it was not coming down at
all. Wriggling in pain. And the doctors could not do anything for me. My fever
was up most of the time. I would just lie there so helpless and my hospital
stay was so long, I had to bear with it for so long. It just got worse and
worse. I really don’t want to go through that again.

DC:Are you okay?

P:Yes.

DC:Have your doctors told you your risk of infection would change in the
future?

P:Not that I know of.

DC:So the probability of success remains at about 80%.

P:Yes.

DC: **But notwithstanding this, for the reasons you’ve shared, you’re still
hesitant and not keen on the surgery.**

P: **Yes.**

[emphasis added]

9 From the above, it is evident that the plaintiff has been fully advised on
and was (and is) aware of the benefits and risks of the ankle fusion surgery.
She is also aware that there is a reasonable chance of success (between 80% to
99%, taking into consideration the views of both Dr Singh and Professor Das
De) if she undergoes the ankle fusion surgery. There is, however, the reality
that in medical circles, a 20% risk of complications or infection is an
extremely high one. Dr Singh said as much while giving his testimony, stating
that “for us [doctors] it is a very high risk”, and that for a normal person
undergoing ankle fusion surgery the risk of non-union is 5% and infection,
less than 1%.

10 Nonetheless, it cannot be gainsaid that Dr Singh himself was of the view
that the ankle fusion surgery was not only a viable option to help the
plaintiff overcome the pain in her ankle – it was, from his perspective as an
expert, _necessary_ :

DC: **Is the ankle fusion surgery a necessary procedure for [the plaintiff]?**

PW1: **Yes.**

DC: **You advised her to consider it in 2009?**

PW1: **Yes.**

DC:She has not undergone it?

PW1:No.

DC:Given that this is a necessary procedure, do you think she should still go
ahead with the surgery?

PW1:Every patient is different. We have to explain the risks to them. She has
had multiple surgeries. Patients do develop a fear of surgery. Or fed up.

[emphasis added]

11 It is trite law that a plaintiff must take all reasonable steps to mitigate
the loss to him or her consequent upon the defendant’s wrong and cannot
recover damages for any such loss which he could thus have avoided but has
failed, through unreasonable action or inaction, to avoid. Here, the issue of
mitigation is not as straightforward as in most normal circumstances: there is
some rationale to the plaintiff’s reluctance to embrace surgery. Nonetheless,
it does appear that it would be unjust to make the defendant fully liable for
the prolonged pain and suffering in respect of the plaintiff’s orthopaedic
injuries precipitated by the plaintiff’s own refusal or delay in undergoing
ankle fusion surgery. Quite simply, the loss here would not be caused by the
defendant’s negligence, but by the plaintiff’s own fears.

12 In _Marcroft v Scruttons_ [1954] 1 Lloyd’s Law Reports 395 (“ _Marcroft_
”), the English Court of Appeal held that the plaintiff who baulked at the
thought of going to a mental hospital for treatment was not justified in
refusing to undergo medical treatment advised by his own doctors where there
was a likelihood of substantial recovery had he accepted the given medical
advice. Lord Justice Singleton opined as follows:

I do not wish to say anything that would hurt the feelings of a plaintiff in a
case of this kind, but I believe it to be the duty of this Court to say that
**if a man is recommended by his own medical advisers and by others to undergo
a course of treatment, he ought to undergo it; if he is advised that it gives
him a reasonable chance of recovery, and if the treatment is reasonable, he
ought to undergo it; if he will not, and does not, he must see that it is a
little hard upon the defendants if they are asked to pay damages in respect of
a period extending afterwards.** If the general opinion is that treatment
would cure him, or at least render him in a much better state in every way,
then he ought to undergo the treatment.

[emphasis added]

13 A factor to distinguish the present facts from _Marcroft_ , however, would
be that the potential harm here to the plaintiff is very real and goes beyond
merely abstract or financial disadvantage – should non-union or infection set
in, the consequences would be visceral and physically unpleasant for the
plaintiff, as opposed to simply blows to pride or terminated compensation
payments as countenanced in _Marcroft._

14 With all of the above in mind, it is my view that the defendant should only
be liable for the pain, suffering and loss of amenities arising from the
plaintiff’s orthopaedic injuries for the period starting from 11 February 2006
up to October 2011, the time where it would have been clear to the plaintiff
that the opinion of her own attending physician was that it was medically
necessary for her to undergo the surgery. Any pain, suffering or loss of
amenities suffered by the plaintiff beyond October 2011 would have been caused
by the plaintiff’s own unreasonable delay or refusal to undergo ankle fusion
surgery to reduce the pain in her ankle, and an appropriate discount – taking
into account the reservations expressed in the immediately preceding paragraph
– should be applied in assessment calculations later. In this connection, I
note that like in _Marcroft_ , the plaintiff here is displaying an
understandable subjective aversion to undergoing the necessary surgery.
Nonetheless, as was the standard laid down in _Marcroft_ , this aversion has
to be _reasonable_ in order for a finding to be made in the plaintiff’s
favour. Given all that I have heard from the various expert witnesses, and
given the plaintiff’s own concession regarding the necessity of the surgery, I
find it difficult to conceive of the plaintiff’s subjective aversion as
reasonable.

15 In _Zakaria Bin Putra Ali v Low Keng Huat Construction Company (S) Pte Ltd
and Ors_ [1993] SGHC 277 (“ _Zakaria_ ”), a case cited to the court by both
parties, $33,500.00 was awarded for the plaintiff’s ankle fracture involving
the compound dislocation of the talus. There, the plaintiff’s ankle injury was
complicated by avascular necrosis and the development of advanced
osteoarthritis in his ankle and subtalar joints. The plaintiff in _Zakaria_
also experienced pain in his ankle, suffered from gross stiffness in the right
ankle and foot, and had gross atrophy in the lower right limb. He was unable
to squat and walked with a limping gait.

16 Both the plaintiff and defendant here have drawn my attention to the
similarities between the circumstances here and those in _Zakaria_. Both cases
involve the dislocation of an ankle joint; both victims experienced
complications in their injuries, with the plaintiff in _Zakaria_ falling prey
to avascular necrosis and the plaintiff here running a greater than average
risk of developing a hospital-based infection of the wound post-surgery; both
victims developed advanced osteoarthritis in their ankle joints; and both
suffered similar disabilities in terms of a stiff ankle and the concomitant
reduced range of motion, affecting _inter alia_ squatting and walking
capacities.

17 Accordingly, I find that _Zakaria_ is a useful baseline to determine the
relevant award in the present case. Controlling for inflation, and taking into
account the discount countenanced at paragraph 14 above, I am of the view that
a sum of $28,000.00 would be a fair amount to award as damages for the
plaintiff’s pain, suffering and loss of amenities arising out of her ankle
injury and osteoarthritis. In reaching this conclusion, I have had the benefit
of consulting various authorities cited to me by counsel for the defendant,
which authorities set out the general range of awards for pain and suffering
arising from ankle fractures as between $12,000[note: 1] and $20,000[note: 2]
and the awards for osteoarthritis in the ankle as between $3,000.00[note: 3]
and $5,000.00.[note: 4] I have also given due consideration to the fact that
the plaintiff has and will continue to suffer some reduction in her everyday
quality of life as a result of her reduced mobility.

18 The plaintiff has also claimed damages for 7 scars on her lower limbs. From
the authorities cited to me by both parties, it appears that awards for
scarring in general range between $2,000.00[note: 5] and $10,000.00.[note: 6]
Interestingly, however, in _Seek Tiong Hock v Heng William (Wang William) and
Another_ [2005] SGDC 239, a case cited to me by counsel for the plaintiff, an
award of $7,500.00 was made for wrist, forearm and _facial_ scarring. Given
that the instant case deals only with scars to lower limbs, most of which are
in the same region and 5 of which are relatively minor, it is in my view fair
to award damages of $2,000.00 for scarring.

19 For the avoidance of doubt, the plaintiff’s claim for damages regarding the
pain in her left knee is dismissed. Insufficient evidence was led on this
point and it is unclear whether, on a balance of probabilities, the pain in
the plaintiff’s left knee was caused by a pre-existing knee deformity, the
plaintiff’s post-accident weight gain as a result of her immobility or a
combination of these and other factors. In the same vein, it appears equally
difficult, ostensibly, for the court to make a finding on the plaintiff’s
claim for prospective damages for pain and suffering arising out of subtalar
and midfoot arthritis contingent upon the plaintiff actually undergoing ankle
fusion surgery, a surgery from which the plaintiff has steadfastly demurred to
date. Both the plaintiff’s expert witnesses, Dr Singh and Dr Yegappan
Muthukaruppan, gave evidence that the subtalar and midfoot arthritis might or
might not be symptomatic. The defendant’s expert Professor Das De, however,
gave the following testimony on re-examination:

PC:Earlier, counsel for the plaintiff asked you a question regarding
synovitis. Can you just clarify how usual is this condition for a patient who
has osteoarthritis of the ankle?

DW1:It is an effect rather than a cause. The tendons get swollen when someone
stresses them with a weak ankle.

DC:“Subtalar and midfoot arthritis”. Probable?

DW1:When you fuse a joint, the adjacent joints have to do all the work. **So
probable, if she undergoes the surgery.****But even now, her ankle is
practically stiff. She is already using the subtalar and midtarsal to a great
extent.**

DC:The subtalar and midfoot joint arthritis, can it be symptomatic? Will it
give her pain?

DW1: **Maybe she is not symptomatic now, but in time to come, any arthritis
kept long enough will be symptomatic.**

[emphasis added]

The plaintiff has argued that based on the defendant expert’s own concession,
the subtalar and midfoot arthritis _will_ become symptomatic as a matter of
course. While this point is attenuated somewhat by the fact of (a) the
plaintiff’s own vacillation with respect to the logically prior ankle fusion
surgery and (b) the fact of the subtalar and midfoot arthritis going
symptomatic eventually might be due to a variety of factors other than purely
just the ankle fusion surgery, the point is nonetheless a valid one. In
particular, Professor Das De’s testimony that “even now, [the plaintiff’s]
ankle is practically stiff” and that “[s]he is already using the subtalar and
midtarsal to a great extent” suggests that even _without_ the ankle fusion
surgery, the subtalar and midfoot arthritis – along with concomitant and
attendant pain – will materialize sooner or later. The present claim may thus
be distinguished from the earlier claim for damages relating to pain in the
plaintiff’s left knee.

20 Accordingly, I am of the view that the plaintiff has succeeded in showing
that it is more probable than not that the subtalar and midfoot arthritis will
cause attendant pain and suffering, regardless of whether the ankle fusion
surgery takes place. In the circumstances, granting a small discount for the
plaintiff’s own contribution to the present uncertainty, I order that a sum of
$3,000.00 be paid by the defendant to the plaintiff for damages for pain and
suffering attributable to subtalar and midfoot arthritis. This gives a total
sum of $33,000.00 be awarded for pain, suffering and loss of amenities arising
out of the plaintiff’s orthopaedic injuries.

Damages for pain and suffering in respect of alleged psychiatric disorders

21 The plaintiff claims that the accident in 2006 was responsible for causing
her psychological distress and disability, manifested in particular through
PTSD and chronic minor depression. The plaintiff therefore bears the burden of
showing that the emotional symptoms she suffered from 2006 to date amount to a
recognizable psychiatric illness. As was made clear in _Ngiam Kong Seng v Lim
Chew Hock_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 674 at paragraph 97, such an illness must be
distinguished from normal emotions such as sorrow and grief:

It is clear that, as an extremely important threshold requirement, the
plaintiff must prove that he or she has suffered what has often been termed a
“recognizable psychiatric illness” (see, for example, the English Court of
Appeal decision of _Hinz v Berry_ [1970] 2 QB 40 at 42 per Lord Denning MR). …
**Psychiatric illness must be distinguished from sorrow and grief (no matter
how severe), for the latter are considered as constituting part of the
vicissitudes of life.** It should be noted that proof of a recognizable
psychiatric illness will depend, in the main, upon the relevant expert
psychiatric evidence tendered before the court, which, of course, retains the
ultimate supervisory responsibility of ensuring that such expert evidence is
defensible as well as grounded in logic and common sense.

[emphasis added]

22 It is interesting to note at this point that the defendant only underwent
psychiatric assessment from 2010 onwards _as a direct result of_ this
litigation. Psychiatric assessments were carried out on the plaintiff by Dr
Ung Eng Khean on 13 March 2010, Dr Todd Tomita on 2 June 2010 and Dr Angelina
Chan on 15 March 2012. As can be seen, there is a significant 4-year gap in
the evidence in respect of the plaintiff’s psychiatric condition immediately
after the accident, from 2006 to 2010.

23 Accordingly, none of the psychiatric doctors who examined the plaintiff
could have possibly known – even on a balance of probabilities – if the
plaintiff had been suffering from any manner of psychiatric disorder between
2006 and 2010, let alone PTSD specifically. In particular, although the
plaintiff’s expert Dr Ung testified initially during cross-examination that
the plaintiff was suffering from PTSD in 2006, his evidence changed
subsequently upon closer pressing:

DC: **You only saw the plaintiff in 2010. You didn’t see the plaintiff in 2006
or 2007. Is it your opinion that she had PTSD in 2006?**

PW3: **Yes. Not just my opinion, but Dr Angelina and Dr Tomita.**

…

DC:You said that she had mild symptoms of impairment, so she’s not suffering
from any psychiatric disorder.

PW3: **She is not suffering from PTSD** , because she was sub-threshold. But
she has chronic depression. In 2010.

DC:In 2012, is she suffering from PTSD?

PW3:No.

DC:So not in 2010 or 2012?

PW3:No.

DC:How about 2007 or 2008?

PW3:No.

…

DC: **I put it to you that in 2007 or 2008 or 2009, you couldn’t have told
whether she was suffering from PTSD.**

PW3: **Yes. She might have been, she might not have been.**

[emphasis added]

Dr Chan, the defendant’s expert, also testified that she was in no position to
opine on whether the plaintiff had been suffering from PTSD before 2012.

24 Given that the plaintiff’s own expert has conceded that the plaintiff “is
not suffering from PTSD”, the remaining issue for the court to consider is
whether there is any other recognizable psychiatric illness, such as “chronic
depression” (as referenced by Dr Ung), pursuant to which the plaintiff may
claim damages for pain and suffering.

25 According to the reports of both Dr Ung and Dr Chan tendered in 2012, the
plaintiff was assessed to exhibit symptoms of depression. Both psychiatrists
concurred that the emotional symptoms they observed were caused by the
plaintiff’s ongoing pain and impairment arising from her ankle injury.
However, where Dr Chan found that the plaintiff was not suffering from a
psychiatric disorder _per se_ but instead was only displaying emotional
_symptoms_ of a chronic adjustment disorder that were not clinically
significant, Dr Ung opined that the plaintiff was suffering from a chronic
minor depression because the plaintiff fulfilled the criteria set out in the
_Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders_ (4th Ed) (DSM-IV-TR),
American Psychiatric Association (the “DSM-IV”).

26 There is more here than meets the eye. The DSM-IV criteria set used by Dr
Ung to diagnose the plaintiff’s chronic minor depression, or more accurately
“minor depressive disorder” (as labelled in the DSM-IV itself), is set out in
Appendix B of the DSM-IV, which

contains a number of **proposals for new categories and axes that were
suggested for possible inclusion in DSM-IV.** The DSM-IV Task Force and Work
Groups subjected each of these proposals to a careful empirical review and
invited wide commentary from the field. **The Task Force determined that there
was insufficient information to warrant inclusion of these proposals as
official categories or axes in DSM-IV.**[note: 7]

[emphasis added]

27 It appears that the criteria set used by Dr Ung in assessing the plaintiff
is one more for research purposes than the actual diagnosis of live patients.
In other words, Dr Ung diagnosed the plaintiff to have a psychiatric illness
that is not properly recognized by psychiatrists, as evidenced by the
exclusion of “minor depressive disorder” from the DSM-IV. Dr Ung did not
inform the court of the position of “minor depressive disorder” in Appendix B
of the DSM-IV.

28 It is also significant that Dr Ung’s evidence on cross-examination that the
plaintiff’s emotional symptoms had caused her “clinically significant distress
or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas of functioning”
runs directly counter to Dr Ung’s own 2010 report on the plaintiff, where he
stated that the plaintiff had “mild symptom or any (_sic_) mild impairment in
social, occupational or school functioning”. While it is possible that the
plaintiff’s emotional state was somehow better back in 2010, despite the
ordeal of the accident being fresher in her mind and her body being earlier
along the spectrum of physical recovery, it is nonetheless telling that Dr Ung
did not prescribe the plaintiff any medication or psychotherapy, _throughout
the entire duration of his association with the plaintiff_ , to treat the
plaintiff’s “clinically significant” symptoms.

29 Given the foregoing, and taking into account Dr Ung’s conflicting evidence
with respect to PTSD earlier, I find it difficult to view Dr Ung as a reliable
and credible witness. As such, on the issue of whether the plaintiff had been
or is suffering from some recognizable psychiatric illness other than PTSD,
this court prefers the testimony of Dr Chan. Dr Chan testified that the
plaintiff did not experience marked distress which was in excess of what would
be expected from exposure to her key stressor (_i.e._ the pain in the
plaintiff’s right ankle) and that there was no significant impairment in the
plaintiff’s social or occupational functioning. In this regard, I observe that
Dr Chan’s testimony finds concord with the plaintiff’s consistent “C”
performance grading at work from 2004 to 2011 and her promotion in 2009. I
shall return to these matters in greater detail when considering the
plaintiff’s claim for lost future earnings and earning capacity later.

30 Accordingly, I find that no award based on pain and suffering for any
manner of psychiatric disorder is to be granted, as the plaintiff has failed
to make out her case on the balance of probabilities that any such psychiatric
disorder did actually come to pass. As a matter of logic, the emotional
symptoms experienced by the plaintiff would have already been taken into
account during the earlier assessment of damages for pain and suffering
arising from the plaintiff’s orthopaedic injuries. However, in the light of
the overall mental distress caused by the accident, I order that $2,000.00 in
nominal damages be awarded to the plaintiff for pain and suffering arising out
of the plaintiff’s (non-clinically significant) depression and anxiety.

Loss of future earnings and loss of earning capacity

31 Damages for _loss of future earnings_ are intended to compensate a
plaintiff for the difference between his or her post-accident and pre-accident
income or rate of income. For the plaintiff to succeed in her claim for loss
of future earnings here, she must prove a “real assessable loss” on the
evidence. On the other hand, an award of damages for _loss of earning
capacity_ seeks to compensate for the plaintiff’s risk of loss of present
employment and the consequent disadvantage in competing in the employment
market for another job. To succeed in her claim for loss of earning capacity
here, the plaintiff must prove that there is a substantial or real risk that
she could lose her present job at some time before the estimated end of her
employable life and that she would be at a disadvantage in the open employment
market because of her injuries.

32 The plaintiff is currently 41 years old and employed as an Education
Officer with the Ministry of Education (“MOE”). This was her occupation before
the accident in 2006 and is presently still her occupation as at time of
writing, so any claim for loss of future earnings may be easily scrutinized.
At the time of the accident, the plaintiff was teaching at Zhangde Primary
School (the “School”). She continues to teach there after the accident. The
plaintiff’s work performance has remained stable notwithstanding the accident
and the plaintiff’s one-and-a-half year absence from work. This is evident
from the consistent “C” performance gradings awarded to her in the rank-lists
submitted by the School to MOE from 2004 to 2011. In addition, the plaintiff
was promoted to grade GEO1A3 in October 2009, the highest grade for a
classroom teacher.

Loss of future earnings

33 As was just intimated, we may first deal shortly with the plaintiff’s claim
for loss of future earnings. As far as pre- and post-accident _income_ is
concerned, the plaintiff has no claim – her salary has been increased, not
reduced, post-accident. What we are concerned with here, therefore, is the
pre- and post-accident _rate of income._

34 To begin with, the plaintiff contends that she will sustain a loss of
promotion prospects and career advancement due to her inability to cope with
the expectations of a Senior Teacher or Master Teacher as a result of her
injuries and loss of amenities. In the first place, however, the plaintiff’s
assertion that she has suffered a loss of promotion prospects to Master
Teacher is misguided: she was _never_ assessed by MOE to have the Current
Estimated Potential (“CEP”) of a Master Teacher whether _prior to_ (when there
was no incentive for MOE to dissemble) or _after_ the accident in 2006. CEP is
the estimated highest appointment or level of work that an officer can handle
competently before his retirement and is the indicator used by MOE, as well as
many other ministries and government bodies, to assess an officer’s potential.
In layman terms, one’s CEP grade is the grade at which one is predicted to
retire.

35 Accordingly, it would be illogical to expect the defendant to be liable to
pay damages for loss of future earnings arising from the plaintiff’s alleged
loss of promotion prospects to Master Teacher. The plaintiff’s claim that she
has lost promotion prospects to Senior Teacher, however, merits more
attention, since this was the plaintiff’s main CEP throughout her pre- and
post- accident years.

36 Before the accident, the plaintiff’s CEP fluctuated between P6 to P8,
averaging as P7 (corresponding to the grade of a Senior Teacher). After the
accident, the plaintiff was graded as having a CEP of P7 in 2007 and P8 in
2008 before settling at a consistent P7 from 2009 to 2011. Prima facie,
therefore, the plaintiff does not appear to have suffered any loss in
promotion prospects: her CEP has largely remained the same, even after the
accident. However, at this juncture the plaintiff puts forward a subtle
argument: since CEP is merely an estimate of an officer’s potential and not an
entitlement or guaranteed eventuality (indeed this was the thrust of the
defendant’s submissions), there is every possibility that due to her injuries
the plaintiff will be unable to realize that potential. In other words, post-
accident variations in CEP alone are insufficient to gauge whether the
plaintiff has suffered any loss of future earnings. Other considerations ought
to be taken into account.

37 This argument presents a challenge because by the defendant’s own
admission, the plaintiff “will still need to rise to the occasion and exert
effort to secure the appointment (for example, by putting together a portfolio
of activities outside the school curriculum in preparation for the interview
to be nominated for the appointment of Senior Teacher)”. So on the one hand,
the defendant submits that the plaintiff “must have been assessed to have the
competencies, skills and knowledge of a Senior Teacher before her superiors
would grade her at P7 (S[enior] T[eacher]) for her CEP”; but on the other
hand, the defendant agrees that additional work must still be done by the
plaintiff before she can “secure [her] appointment” as Senior Teacher. There
is some tension from the lacuna here, a lacuna borne largely of the semi-
permanent but quasi-volatile “moving target” nature of CEP. If the plaintiff
comes back one day to say that because of her injuries, she was unable to
“rise to the occasion” to “secure the appointment” of Senior Teacher, would
the defendant be able to categorically state that the reason for the
plaintiff’s failure was something entirely unrelated to her injuries?

38 The plaintiff’s principal at the time of the accident, Madam Jaswant Kaur,
gave the following testimony during cross-examination:

PC:Surely you would have seen signs that she is not able to cope with her
teaching duties?

DW3:Which years are you referring to?

PC:From 2007 to 2011.

DW3:I disagree because if you look at all the reports submitted here,
especially from 2009 to 2011, the plaintiff has shown good knowledge, subject
mastery in science, innovative teaching, ability to integrate science into
other subjects in a very consistent manner. In 2009 for example, as her role
as a member of the science committee, she started HIP and HIS cards. In 2010,
she enhanced the cards and brought it up to Primary Five. In 2011, she
enhanced the cards further. This was an ongoing consistent approach by her to
integrate science into the school gardens. Another example was her ability and
enthusiasm and commitment in compiling notes as well as worksheets for the
levels, starting 2009 with Primary 3, 2010 moving up to Primary 4, 2011 moving
up to Primary 5. She did that diligently and displayed mastery in the science
subject. Yet another instance that shows her ability to cope and cope well and
display her competencies of a Senior Teacher was her CCA. **In 2008, she was
in charge of the horticulture club. Somehow she found it difficult to perform
in the club because of her lack of mobility. She approached the HOD for CCAs.
She suggested starting a needlework club, which was granted. She, together
with another teacher, initiated the club and brought the club up to a high
level.** She has integrated Community Involvement Programmes (CIP), presented
knitted things to the Children’s Home etc. Just some examples from 2009 to
2011 that she is able to cope with the full load as a teacher and she has
clearly shown competencies, skills and knowledge of a Senior Teacher. Since
then her CEP has been that of a Senior Teacher.

[emphasis added]

39 While the above passage appears to vindicate the defendant’s point that the
plaintiff’s CEP as Senior Teacher was carefully assessed and granted after due
consideration of her work efforts in the years following the accident, a
conflicting takeaway is that the plaintiff has had, in reality, certain
avenues to prove or substantiate her Senior Teacher CEP taken away from her.
An uninjured teacher could have continued with the horticulture club, secure
in her CEP grading; the plaintiff, however, less confident in her CEP post-
accident, had to think of an alternative CCA route to justify its maintenance.

40 To break it down into abstract terms: prior to the accident, the plaintiff
could have justified or earned her CEP through activities under categories A,
B and C. Post-accident, as a result of her reduced mobility, the plaintiff
only has categories B and C available to her. MOE can maintain that the
plaintiff’s CEP is unchanged, but the fact remains that the plaintiff will be
deprived of certain courses of conduct that may help her to attain or even
justify her CEP. This point may or may not have been taken into consideration
by MOE: however, given MOE’s non-amendment of the plaintiff’s CEP, it appears
that there has effectively been no allowance made for it. The difficulty lies
in the fact that the CEP framework is ultimately as hindsight-based and
future-blind as the next performance assessment system. Used in the present
context it allows the defendant to claim, with every appearance of legitimacy,
that the plaintiff has suffered no loss of promotion prospects and hence no
loss of earnings; and then, when the plaintiff _actually_ does struggle with
her injuries to meet her CEP post-assessment, the defendant can simply revise
her CEP downwards, casting the blame on the plaintiff for not “rising to the
occasion” to “secure her appointment”. While it is unlikely that this prospect
will crystallize, and while no evidence has been led on such an inclination on
the part of MOE, as an authority, the concept of CEP provides the defendant
with perhaps a little too much room for manoeuvre. With other non-governmental
organizations, this problem does not arise because the institutionalization of
CEP is absent.

41 To be sure, it should be made clear that this point cannot be overstated.
From the evidence of Madam Kaur and Dr Chan, it appears that the plaintiff
will have no problems attaining her prescribed CEP, injuries notwithstanding.
Indeed, I am encouraged by the description provided by Madam Kaur in the
excerpt above: she paints a picture of a plaintiff very much in control of her
life and career, acquitting herself in spite of an ankle injury. I also had
the privilege of observing the plaintiff in chambers: what I saw was a
plaintiff who appeared to be a completely normal, fully-functioning social
being who accorded entirely with the descriptions given of her by Madam Kaur
and Dr Chan. Additionally, the fact that the plaintiff was promoted in 2009
and not let go by MOE despite her long leaves of absence shows that, quite
clearly, MOE does see value in the plaintiff and expects (I would expect) the
plaintiff to attain her CEP as prescribed.

42 In any case, I should state for the record that my decision here gives
weight to more than just the post-accident CEP of the plaintiff as predicted
by the defendant, a prediction which, if one is cynical, carries with it
potential for a conflict of interest. I have instead opted for a holistic
consideration of all the circumstances of the case, including the plaintiff’s
pre- and post-accident CEP, her work performance prior to and following the
accident, the general working environment of the plaintiff and also the human
resources and appraisal policies of MOE. Accordingly, I order that nominal
damages of $10,000.00 be awarded to the plaintiff for loss of future earnings.
For the avoidance of doubt, this lump sum is intended to cover _both_ Stage I
and Stage II.

43 In passing, I should point out that the plaintiff’s conspiracy theory
arguments about her alleged placebo promotion to GEO1A3 in 2009 and the
“creation” of the grade to placate her were unsubstantiated by any kind of
evidence. Similarly, the plaintiff’s assertion that her being switched from
the “leadership track” to the “teaching track” during her staff appraisal in
2006 amounted to a downgrade was not supported by any credible evidence. On
the other hand, the defendant provided evidence rebutting these assertions in
the form of testimony from Madam Kaur and Ms Ng Sin Lay, a member of the
personnel division at MOE. Madam Kaur testified that:

**In the years 2004 and 2005 when we gave her CEP as HOD [on the “leadership
track”], there were platforms given to her to manifest some leadership skills
and competencies which we did not see very much of.** By nature, the plaintiff
is a very quiet and reserved person and she has always displayed this lack of
confidence in assuming higher responsibilities. **As a panel, we felt that she
was better on the teaching track than the leadership track.** It is not a
downgrading. It is a shift from a leadership profile to a teacher’s profile.

[emphasis added]

Separately, Ms Ng gave the following evidence on cross-examination:

PC:… Was she sent for any interview before promotion to GEO1A3?

DW4:No.

PC:When was the grade created?

DW4:2007.

PC: **Why was it created?**

DW4: **It was the result of a review of the salary of the entire education
service.**

PC:Would I be correct to say that a lot of teachers were stagnating at 1A2/2A2
and that is why this grade was created?

DW4:No. You would not be correct to say that. It was the result of a review.

[emphasis added]

Indeed, contrary to plaintiff counsel’s proclamations of an overarching,
sinister plot by the School and MOE to further inconvenience the life of the
injured plaintiff, the plaintiff’s consistent “C” performance gradings and her
promotion in 2009 are surely proof that the School, and less directly MOE, are
doing their level best not to unfairly deprive the plaintiff of her rightful
and deserved earnings.

Loss of earning capacity

44 The plaintiff also contends that she will suffer a loss of employment
sometime in the future because her injuries will eventually prevent her from
continuing in her teaching job. She further contends that her long absence
from work while recuperating from future surgeries would put her at risk of
losing her present employment. These claims are not in the alternative. The
onus, therefore, is on the plaintiff to show that there is a very real and
substantive risk that she could lose her teaching job before the estimated end
of her employable life (presently the stipulated retirement age of 62 years)
as a result of either or both of the reasons cited. Once that is shown, the
plaintiff may then go on to prove that she would be at a disadvantage in the
open employment market because of her injuries. Only where these two elements
are satisfactorily proven on the balance of probabilities will a court be
justified in making an order for loss of earning capacity.

45 I will deal first with the plaintiff’s argument on her potential loss of
employment due to her injuries. Evidence from the various witnesses about the
plaintiff’s inability to do her job as well as she had been doing before the
accident becomes largely irrelevant under this inquiry; what we are concerned
with here is whether the plaintiff is at risk of _losing her job_. Insofar as
the evidence of the plaintiff’s poor performance at work points towards a high
likelihood of her losing her job, that evidence is relevant; however, if the
evidence is insufficient to push that likelihood beyond the loss-of-job
threshold, that evidence should rightly be circumscribed to the analysis of
the plaintiff’s claim for _loss of future earnings_ , which analysis this
court has already conducted above.

46 So, for example, Dr Muthukaruppan’s opinion that the plaintiff’s
“disability limits teaching ability”, notwithstanding his own concession that
he was not qualified to assess whether the plaintiff is at any risk of losing
her job, falls squarely into the category of evidence going towards the
plaintiff’s possible _loss of future earnings_ , and not the loss of the
plaintiff’s earning capacity that we are concerned with here. Dr
Muthukaruppan, who admitted that he had “no clue” what MOE’s “exact
requirements” for continuing to employ a teacher are, was unable on cross-
examination to say anything that established that the plaintiff was at high
risk of losing her job as a result of her injuries:

DC:You specialized in orthopaedic surgery from 1998 to now?

PW4:Yes.

DC:Have you been employed by the MOE to assess whether the plaintiff is able
to meet her job requirements?

PW4:No.

DC: **Do you know what are the job requirements she has to meet for MOE?**

PW4: **No.**

DC:Would you be familiar with MOE’s HR policies?

PW4:No.

DC:Yet you are able to assess that she has the prospect of losing her job?

PW4:I look at my own teachers from the past and assess. Common sense. The
disability limits the teaching ability. So I just put it down. Obviously I
have no clue as to what the exact requirements are.

DC: **I put to you that you are not qualified to opine on the fact that she
has a risk of losing her job as a teacher.**

PW4: **Yes, agree.**

DC: **You are also not qualified to opine on whether or not she is able to
continue her work as a teacher.**

PW4: **Yes.**

[emphasis added]

47 In contrast, Ms Ng from MOE gave evidence to say that the possibility of
MOE terminating an education officer solely on account of his or her
disabilities is remote if he or she continues to meet the base requirements of
her teaching job and discharges her responsibilities to her students. Taking
Ms Ng’s testimony together with the fact of the plaintiff’s consistent “C”
performance average post-accident and her promotion in 2009, it is extremely
difficult for this court to see where the risk of the plaintiff’s job loss –
at least as a result of injuries or disabilities arising from the accident –
might lie.

48 Indeed, if anything it is more than likely that the plaintiff will be able
to meet MOE’s teaching requirements because her disabilities can and have
largely been managed at work via teaching aids, trolleys to wheel classroom
materials, the (incidental) installation of a lift and various other special
exemptions for the plaintiff to help minimize her standing and walking time.
The plaintiff did not lead any evidence to show that the physical demands of
her job would increase in the future. I also note that since the plaintiff has
held off the ankle fusion surgery since the idea was first broached in 2009,
and since the plaintiff has been going to work since then, there is every
possibility that, at the very least, the pain in her ankle has not and is not
increasing beyond the threshold where it would be impossible for her to
discharge her basic responsibilities as a teacher.

49 In the circumstances, I find that the plaintiff has failed to prove on the
balance of probabilities that she will lose her employment as a result of the
injuries sustained during the accident.

50 I move now to the plaintiff’s claim for loss of earning capacity due to her
prospective loss of employment as a result of a necessarily long leave of
absence to undergo and recuperate from various future surgeries, including but
not limited to the ankle fusion surgery. It is the plaintiff’s contention that
as a result of the amount of time she will have to take off work for these
surgeries, her release from employment by MOE will be a virtual inevitability.
Specifically, the plaintiff is worried that she will lose her present
employment after being reviewed by an MOE Medical Review Board for exceeding
her leave entitlement (both medical and vacation).

51 According to the plaintiff’s expert Dr Singh, the estimated period of time
required for the plaintiff to recover from ankle fusion surgery is 3 to 6
months in the normal course of things. In the event that the 20% risk of post-
surgical infection materializes, the plaintiff could be absent from work for
up to a year. In response to Dr Singh’s evidence, the defendant submitted that

[c]onsidering the plaintiff’s leave scheme (comprising of ordinary
sick/hospitalization leave, extended sick leave and special sick leave) and
the fact that school holidays and scheduled school holidays are not considered
working days, the plaintiff is able to take 4 to 6 months to recover from her
surgery without exceeding her leave entitlement. Given that the risk of post-
surgical complications is only 20% and the uncertainty of the length of time
the plaintiff would be away in the event of post-surgical complications, it is
submitted that the plaintiff is unlikely to exceed her leave entitlement as
she recovers from her future surgeries. It is therefore unlikely that the
plaintiff would need to be subject to a review by the Medical Review Board.

52 From the above, we can surmise that while the plaintiff will be able to
utilize her leave entitlement to offset a significant portion of her absence
from work during the post-operation recovery period, there remains
nevertheless a very real possibility that that leave entitlement would be
insufficient, in particular where infection, non-union or any other
complications arise. This fact, however, does _not_ necessarily mean that
there is also a corresponding and commensurate possibility that the plaintiff
would be released from employment with MOE.

53 Indeed, from the evidence before the court, it appears that even if the
plaintiff were to exceed her leave entitlement, thereby subjecting herself to
review by an MOE Medical Review Board, the likely result on the balance of
probabilities would be that MOE would grant her further extended sick leave,
instead of unilaterally choosing to terminate her employment. There are two
pieces of evidence that are relevant in this regard. First, the plaintiff’s
own witness and attending physician, Dr Singh, testified that as the
plaintiff’s treating physician, he would be sitting on the Medical Review
Board reviewing the plaintiff and it would be highly unlikely that the Medical
Review Board would make a decision contrary to the attending physician’s
recommendation:

DC:While she waits for fusion, will she be able to return to work?

PW1:On crutches, yes. But medically speaking, I won’t allow her to go to work.
I would give her medical leave. If she wants to take the risk to go to work,
it’s up to her. But I wouldn’t recommend it.

…

DC: **If the plaintiff is asked to be reviewed by the Medical [Review] Board,
and you as the attending physician were asked to sit on the Medical Board, you
would give them your views on whether it is medically necessary for her to go
on leave?**

PW1: **Every time a Medical [Review] Board is convened, it is MOH’s [(Ministry
of Health)] practice to send one of the treating physicians.**

DC:Have you ever sat on the Medical [Review] Board?

PW1:A number of times for other conditions.

DC: **Would the Medical [Review] Board take into consideration the views of
the attending physician?**

PW1: **Sure. The attending physician knows best the clinical state of the
victim.**

DC: **Is it normal for the Medical [Review] Board to find that the victim is
unsuitable for further extended sick leave, despite the attending physician’s
advice to the contrary?**

PW1: **Very unlikely. Attending physician knows the state of the victim
best.**

[emphasis added]

54 Second, it is important to note that Dr Singh’s evidence above is not based
on mere speculation: the plaintiff was able to take long and paid medical
leave for one-and-a-half years from the time of the accident in February 2006
to August 2007. This was, in fact, the result of a Medical Review Board’s
decision to grant her further extended sick leave.

55 Given these two factors, it is extremely difficult for this court to find
that there is any risk of the plaintiff losing her employment with MOE as a
result of her anticipated leave of absence following the recommended (but as
yet contingent) ankle fusion surgery. A fortiori the case for anticipated
leaves of absence as a result of prospective surgeries to take place after
ankle fusion surgery, which by definition are even more remote in terms of
realization than the already inchoate ankle fusion procedure. Accordingly,
there is no necessity for this court to proceed into the second stage of the
inquiry into the plaintiff’s loss of earning capacity, viz whether the
plaintiff would be at a disadvantage in the open employment market because of
her injuries.

56 In the light of the preceding and in conjunction with my finding at
paragraph 49 above, I hereby order that no damages be awarded for the
plaintiff’s claim for loss of earning capacity.

Future medical expenses

57 Notwithstanding the plaintiff’s own wavering on the issue, this court is of
the view that the costs of the contingent ankle fusion surgery, as well as the
concomitant disbursements related thereto, may properly be ordered to be
awarded to the plaintiff _given the concurrence of the three orthopaedic
experts regarding the necessity of the procedure_. In the present context,
there is minimal risk of moral hazard and should the plaintiff decide not to
use the sum awarded to undergo the prescribed surgery, the prognosis is that
she will continue to suffer a significant amount of discomfort for the rest of
her life. In my view, the sum of $10,000.00 quoted by the defendant, based on
public-sector, government-subsidised ward rates, and informed by Professor Das
De, is fair. This amount takes into account the plaintiff’s greater than
average risk of infection. I would also grant the plaintiff a further sum of
two months’ salary – _i.e._ , an additional $12,880.66 – in the event that her
paid sick leave (extended or otherwise) is insufficient to cover her absence
from work during the recuperative period. Finally, for follow-up medication
and X-rays, I award a lump sum of $900. The total under this sub-head,
therefore, comes to $23,780.66.

58 The cost of the surgical fusion of the subtalar and midfoot joints, taking
into account the reasoning at paragraph 19 earlier, should properly be awarded
to the plaintiff, subject to a discount for the plaintiff’s own contribution
to the extant uncertainty. I fix this cost at $4,000.00 each for the subtalar
and midfoot joints respectively, giving a total of $8,000.00. This figure was
based off those given by the plaintiff’s own expert, Dr Singh. Incidentally,
the figure of $30,000.00 quoted by the plaintiff’s other witness, Dr Yegappan,
included the cost of an ankle replacement which this court is not inclined to
award. Insufficient evidence has been led to prove that the plaintiff will
eventually require an ankle replacement. Indeed, it is perhaps impossible at
this point in time to tell whether or not such a procedure would be required –
and, more importantly, to tell if the need for such a surgery would be the
_necessary consequence of ankle fusion surgery_ (unlike the case of the
subtalar and midfoot procedures, to which the defendant’s own expert has
testified would likely be necessitated even without the ankle fusion surgery).
While all three orthopaedic experts do not discount the possibility that they
might recommend the ankle replacement procedure in approximately 10 to 20
years’ time, depending on advances in technology and on the specific bodily
condition of the plaintiff at the relevant time, they are unanimous in
concurring that the procedure is unsuitable for the plaintiff at present and
in the short- to medium-term future.

59 I am therefore unable to allow the plaintiff to claim for costs of any
prospective ankle replacement surgery. I pause to note that it has been
possible that the complications concerning the necessity of the subsequent
surgical procedures just discussed have been borne of multiple contingencies
premised upon one another. Had the plaintiff gone for the recommended ankle
fusion surgery sooner, the medical circumstances would surely have been one
degree clearer, and a claim for relevant damages, prospective or otherwise,
would certainly not have met with this much difficulty.

60 The award I have made aside, generally a plaintiff should not be granted
leave to re-apply for the cost of discrete, latter-day surgical procedures and
to haul the defendant back into court with his receipts some five or maybe
even 25 years down the road, primarily since the plaintiff himself is in
_complete control_ of whether and when he undergoes any or all of the relevant
surgeries. Such an order would run counter to the general public policy that
dictates the necessity of certainty in the resolution of disputes. No
defendant should be made to be held ransom – not just in terms of money, but
also in terms of time and administrative disruption – by a plaintiff who has
decided not only not to mitigate his existing losses, but who also equivocates
between his future losses.

Future transport expenses

61 The defendant makes the point that it should not be liable for the
plaintiff’s transport expenses to attend hospital treatment sessions,
surgeries, consultations and the like because of the plaintiff’s own
vacillation with respect to the ankle fusion surgery. Again, as mentioned at
paragraph 57 above, it should be noted that all three orthopaedic experts have
recommended the surgery and that transport expenses to and from the hospital
are reasonable disbursements arising therefrom. Accordingly, I order that
$1,000.00 be awarded for future transport expenses for the plaintiff to attend
at the hospital pending the ankle fusion surgery. This figure is based off the
$406.50 and $310.00 claimed by the plaintiff for, respectively, taxi fare and
ambulance service fees incurred to attend hospital treatment and consultations
in 2006 and 2007.

62 The plaintiff also claims for future continuing transport expenses to work
at a rate of $240.00 per month for 10 months a year for 10 years. This brings
the total claim amount for future work transport expenses to $24,000.00. The
defendant has denied this claim, stating that “it has not been proven that it
is medically necessary for the plaintiff to take the taxi to work” and that
“it is purely for the plaintiff’s own comfort … that she is making this
claim”. Indeed, the plaintiff herself has testified that she goes home by bus
or MRT if it is not the peak hour. In my view, however, the defendant’s
overall contention here is perhaps a tad unsympathetic. The medical evidence
proffered before the court has left little doubt that the pain arising from
the plaintiff’s injuries, although insufficient to affect her ability to
attain her prescribed CEP or to prevent her from holding down a semi-sedentary
teaching job, would be sufficient to make the daily jostle during rush hour
decidedly unbearable. I would therefore grant two-thirds of the $24,000.00
claimed here, giving a resulting sum of $16,000.00. A large part of my
decision here is owed to the fact that $240.00 per month for taxi rides is
already an eminently reasonable figure, working out to $12.00 per day return
(assuming a 20-day working month, excluding weekends). This is far less than
the plaintiff’s own evidence in her affidavit that “the daily taxi fare comes
to about $10 one way”. Nonetheless, a correction was necessary in my view to
take into account the fact that the plaintiff will largely only have to take
taxis _to_ work in the mornings, and not coming back from work in the middle
of the afternoon during non-peak hours.

Special damages

63 As has already been observed at paragraph 3, most of the special damages
claimed have been agreed between parties. Only one item – the additional
transport expenses to and from the School between June 2007 and October 2011 –
remains in dispute.

64 The plaintiff claims for these 44 months’ of transport expenses at the rate
of $240.00 per month, as before. Applying the logic employed at paragraph 62
above, the sum of $7040.00 (two-thirds of 44 months multiplied by $240.00)
should be awarded to the plaintiff. However, there is one crucial distinction
between this claim for special damages and the claim for future transport
expenses above: in respect of this claim, it might have been possible for the
plaintiff to have saved on taxi costs had she chosen to undergo the ankle
fusion surgery _sooner_. The counter-argument might be made that it is
illogical to penalize the plaintiff for costs already incurred when she was
well and truly ailing (the special damages claim here) and to reward her
excessively with taxi fare post-surgery where she will be, in all likelihood
and by corollary of logic, more capable of braving the morning train and bus
rush (the claim for future transport expenses above). But this argument misses
the point. The court here is concerned with visiting proper censure upon the
plaintiff for failing to mitigate her losses. The idea of justice as fungible
does not and should not take root. How does one compare the inchoate savings
on taxi fares to be had post-surgery with the subjunctive savings that should
have but did not materialize due to an unreasonably delayed surgery? Both
quanta hew to different matrices of probability and, more importantly, carry
with them different burdens of moral stigma.

65 Accordingly, applying a discount for the plaintiff’s own delay and refusal
to undergo surgery, I award damages of $4,000.00 for the additional transport
expenses to and from the School between June 2007 and October 2011.

Conclusion

66 To summarize, the damages to be awarded are set out in the table below:

(a) |  General Damages |  Award  
---|---|---  
|  (i) |  Pain, suffering and loss of amenities Orthopaedic injuries (including scarring)  Psychiatric distress |  $35,000.00 \- $33,000.00 \- $2,000.00  
|  (ii) |  Loss of future earnings (Stage I and Stage II) Loss of earning capacity |  $10,000.00 $0.00  
|  (iii) |  Future medical expenses Ankle fusion surgery Salary compensation during recovery Follow up medications and X-rays Subtalar and midfoot joint surgeries Ankle replacement |  $31,780.66 \- $10,000.00 \- $12,880.66 \- $900.00 \- $8000.00 \- $0.00  
|  (iv) |  Future transport expenses To and from hospital To and from work |  $17,000.00 \- $1,000.00 \- $16,000.00  
|  |  _Subtotal_ |  _$93,780.66_  
(b) |  Special damages |  Award  
|  (i) |  Pre-trial medical expenses |  $6,688.48  
|  (ii) |  Pre-trial transport expenses |  $4,000.00  
|  (iii) |  Pre-trial loss of earnings |  $2,540.00  
|  (iv) |  Miscellaneous expenses (ambulance service etc.) |  $640.00  
|  |  _Subtotal_ |  _$13,868.48_  
|  |  **Total** |  **$107,649.14**  
  
  

67 For the avoidance of doubt, the final award sum of $107,649.14 is still
subject to the 70%-30% apportionment of damages countenanced by the
interlocutory judgment by consent entered on 31 January 2011. Accordingly, the
total payable by the defendant to the plaintiff is the sum of $75,354.40.

68 In relation to costs, I pause to observe that the plaintiff has succeeded
on just slightly over 5% of its original claim amount (even _before_ the 30%
discount), so a commensurate scaling on the High Court scale would be
appropriate. In the alternative, costs on the Subordinate Courts scale may
also be apposite, given that the sum of $107,649.14, without regard to any
deduction made on account of contributory negligence, is below $250,000 (s
39(2) of the Subordinate Courts Act (Cap 321, 2007 Rev Ed) read with O 59 r 27
of the Rules of Court (2006 Rev Ed)). In any case, I will hear parties on
costs should no agreement be reached.

* * *

[note: 1]_Tan Swee Khoon v Balu A/L Sinnathamby_ DC Suit No. 225 of 1998.

[note: 2]_Mohamad Aliman bin Kassim v Zulkifli bin Abdul Latib_ [2012]
Mallal’s Digest 1588.

[note: 3]_Tan Swee Khoon v Balu A/L Sinnathamby_ DC Suit No. 225 of 1998.

[note: 4]_Goh Feng Ji Mervin (an infant, suing by his father and next friend
Goh Lip Meng) v Yeo Tze Phern_ DC Suit No. 1686 of 1999.

[note: 5]_Wang Jia Cheng v Nakano Singapore (Pte) Ltd & Anor_ DC Suit No. 429
of 2003.

[note: 6]_Gay See Leong v Tan Cher Cheng_ DC Suit No. 4454 of 1999.

[note: 7]Appendix B, DSM-IV at p 759.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

