Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd _v_ Ferrero SpA  
[2012] SGCA 56

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 102 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 16 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; VK Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Tee Jim S.C., Zechariah Chan Jin Han and Jeremiah
Chew (Lee & Lee) for the appellant; M. Ravindran, Sukumar Karuppiah and Justin
Blaze George (Ravindran Associates) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd — Ferrero SpA  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 176.]

16 October 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This is an appeal against the decision of a High Court judge (“the Judge”)
given in Suit No. 9 of 2010 which was instituted by Ferrero S.P.A (“the
Respondent”) against Sarika Connoisseur Cafe Pte Ltd (“the Appellant”) for
trade mark infringement and passing off.

2 The Appellant, a company incorporated in Singapore, is a retailer in the
food and beverage business and a wholesaler of coffee, cocoa and tea. It owns
and operates a chain of cafe outlets (“cafes”) presently known as “tcc – the
connoisseur concerto” (“TCC”). In its cafes, it offers customers, amongst
others, a variety of gourmet coffee beverages and coffee concoctions.

3 The Respondent is a company incorporated in Italy. It manufactures and
retails confectionery, including a cocoa-based hazelnut spread (“Nutella
spread”) marketed under the brand name “Nutella”, which is the product
concerned in the present case. The spread is sold at various retail outlets in
Singapore, including supermarkets. The Respondent is the registered proprietor
of the following marks (shown below) in Class 30 of the International
Classification of Goods and Services in Singapore (“ICGS”). To avoid
confusion, we will, as did the Judge, refer to the first mark as the “Nutella”
word mark, while all three marks will be referred to collectively as the
“Nutella” trademarks:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Background to the dispute

4 The facts of this case are neither complex nor in serious dispute. On 1
August 2007, the Appellant introduced a new gourmet hot coffee beverage served
in a shot glass under the “Nutello” sign in its cafes. As the Judge rightly
noted, the term “Nutello” is more appropriately described as a “sign”[note: 1]
under the definition in section 2(1) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 2005 Rev
Ed) (“TMA”), as distinguished from a “trade mark”[note: 2] defined in section
2(1) of the TMA. The ingredients in the “Nutello” drink (“Nutello beverage”)
comprised espresso, milk foam, cocoa powder and Nutella spread, amongst
others. This drink was listed under the “Espresso Specialties” section of the
TCC Drinks Gallery Menu (the “menu”). The menu describes the Nutello beverage
as: “Espresso with lashings of nutella – perfect for cocoa lovers!” (“menu
description”).

5 To effect sale of the Nutello beverage, the appellant had used the term
“Nutello” in various forms in its promotional material such as the menu,
booklet and website. They are set out below:

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

6 On 3 December 2009, the Respondent issued a cease-and-desist letter to the
Appellant, objecting to the latter’s use of the “Nutello” sign and the menu
description of the Nutello beverage. Damages amounting to S$50,000 were
demanded.

7 On 15 December 2009, the Appellant requested an extension of one month till
17 January 2010 to respond to the Respondent’s letter, but in a letter dated
16 December 2009, the Respondent refused to accede to this request. On 6
January 2010, the latter instituted Suit No 9 of 2010 (“the action”) in the
High Court.

8 In July 2010, sales of the Nutello beverage were discontinued by the
Appellants, ostensibly due to an annual menu overhaul.

The decision below

9 In the court below, the Judge held that:

(a) the Appellant had infringed the Respondent’s “Nutella” word mark under s
27(2)(b) TMA given that there was a similarity of marks and goods resulting in
a likelihood of confusion by the relevant public;

(b) the Respondent’s “Nutella” marks are well known trademarks both to the
relevant sector of the public as well as to the public at large in Singapore.
The Appellant had infringed the Respondent’s “Nutella” marks under s 55(2) and
s 55(3)(a) TMA, and had diluted the Respondent’s marks under s 55(3)(b)(i)
TMA. However, he found that the Appellant had not taken unfair advantage of
the distinctive character of the Respondent’s “Nutella” marks under s
55(3)(b)(ii) TMA; and

(c) the Appellant had committed the tort of passing _vis-__à-vis_ the
Respondent’s “Nutella” product when the former promoted and offered for sale
its “Nutello” drink.

10 Consequently, the Judge granted injunctions to restrain the Appellant from
infringing the Respondent’s “Nutella” trademarks and from passing off its
“Nutello” products as products of, or connected to, the Respondent. He also
ordered that damages be assessed.

Issues in the appeal

11 The appellant raised the following issues in this appeal (with accompanying
sub-issues):

(a) Whether there is trademark infringement under s 27(2)(b) TMA? (“The First
Issue”)

(i) Whether the “Nutello” sign is similar to the “Nutella” word mark;

(ii) Whether the “Nutello” sign was used in goods similar to those which the
“Nutella” word mark is registered for;

(iii) Whether there is a likelihood of confusion by the public?

(b) Whether there is trademark infringement under s 55(2) TMA? (“The Second
Issue”)

(c) Whether there is infringement by damaging connection of well known
trademark under s 55(3)(a) TMA? (“The Third Issue”)

(d) Whether there is dilution by blurring under s 55(3)(b)(i) TMA? (“The
Fourth Issue”)

(i) Whether it is conceptually incongruous to find both infringement and
dilution;

(ii) What is required to show dilution in an “unfair manner”;

(iii) Whether dilution by blurring is made out on the facts?

(e) Whether the damage element needed to establish the tort of passing off is
made out? (“The Fifth Issue”)

(i) Whether actual damage has to be shown to establish the said damage
element;

(ii) Whether the Respondent’s expansion into the Singapore drinks industry
would be restricted?

12 We note that the Appellant is not appealing against the finding of the
Judge that the “Nutella” trademarks are well known marks, and neither has the
Respondent taken issue with the Judge’s finding that there is no unfair
advantage taken by the Appellant of the “Nutella” trademarks’ distinctive
character under s 55(3)(b)(ii) TMA.

13 For ease of reference, we set out here the legislative provisions in the
TMA, _viz_ , s 27(2)(b), s 55(2), s 55(3)(a) and s 55(3)(b)(i), that will be
referred to in the discussions below:

**Acts amounting to infringement of registered trade mark**

**27.** — (1) ...

(2) A person infringes a registered trade mark if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign where
because —

(a) ...

(b) the sign is similar to the trade mark and is used in relation to goods or
services identical with or similar to those for which the trade mark is
registered,

there exists a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

...

**Protection of well known trade marks**

**55.** — (1) ...

(2) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to identical or similar goods or
services, where the use is likely to cause confusion.

(3) Subject to subsections (6) and (7), the proprietor of a well known trade
mark shall be entitled to restrain by injunction the use in Singapore, in the
course of trade and without the proprietor’s consent, of any trade mark which,
or an essential part of which, is identical with or similar to the
proprietor’s trade mark, in relation to any goods or services, where the use
of the trade mark —

(a) would indicate a connection between those goods or services and the
proprietor, and is likely to damage the interests of the proprietor; or

(b) if the proprietors trade mark is well known to the public at large in
Singapore —

(i) would cause dilution in an unfair manner of the distinctive character of
the proprietor’s trade mark; ...

(ii) ...

The decision of this court

The First Issue: Whether there is trade mark infringement under section
27(2)(b) TMA?

14 The step-by-step approach propounded in _British Sugar plc v James
Robertson & Sons Ltd_ [1996] RPC 281 (“ _British Sugar_ ”) in relation to the
English equivalent of s 27(2)(b) TMA was approved and adopted by this Court in
_The Polo/Lauren Co, LP Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2006] SGCA 14 (“
_Polo (CA)_ ”) at [8]. This court in _Polo (CA)_ was of the view that this
approach was conceptually more appropriate and in line with the structure of
the provision, as opposed to the global assessment test enunciated by the
European Court of Justice in _Sabel BV v Puma AG, Rudolf Dassler Sport_ [1998]
RPC 1999 and _Canon Kabushiki Kaisha v Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc_ [1999] RPC
117. Under s 27(2)(b) TMA, three conditions need to be satisfied in turn for
infringement to be established. First, the alleged offending sign, “Nutello”,
must be shown to be similar to the registered mark, “Nutella”. Second, both
the sign and the mark must be used in relation to identical or similar goods
or services. Third, because of the presence of the first two conditions, there
must exist a likelihood of confusion on the part of the public.

(i) Similarity between the “Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” mark

15 The Judge had found that the “Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” word mark
were not identical, and this finding is not challenged by the Respondent. In
this appeal, the Appellant has only raised arguments on dissimilarity between
the sign and the word mark and sought to dispute the individual findings of
the Judge relating to visual, aural and conceptual similarity of the two.

General approach to the similarity analysis

16 Before we determine whether the sign and the trademark are similar, we will
first set out briefly the relevant principles of this analysis. The decided
cases have established that the court will consider three aspects of
similarity, _viz_ , visual, aural and conceptual similarity: _Polo (CA)_ at
[24]; _Mobil Petroleum Co, Inc v Hyundai Mobis_ (“ _Hyundai Mobis (CA)_ ”) at
[17]. However, it is not a pre-requisite that all three aspects of similarity
must be made out before there can be a finding of similarity between the sign
and the mark: _Mediacorp News Pte Ltd v Astro All Asia Networks plc_ [2009] 4
SLR(R) 496 at [32] (“ _Mediacorp_ ”). The relative importance of each aspect
of similarity varies with the circumstances, in particular, with the goods and
types of marks: _Mediacorp_ at [32], citing Bently and Sherman, _Intellectual
Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 3rd Ed, 2009) (“ _Bently & Sherman_”)
at p 864. Simply put, a trade-off between the three aspects of similarity can
be made, and each case ought to be viewed in its own context: _Ozone Community
Corp v Advance Magazine Publishers Inc_ [2010] 2 SLR 459 (“ _Ozone_
_Community_ ”) at [40]. Whether there is similarity between the sign and the
mark is a question of fact and degree for the court to determine: _City Chain
Stores (S) Pte Ltd v Louis Vuitton Malletier_ [2010] 1 SLR 382 (“ _City Chain_
”) at [47]; _Johnson & Johnson v Uni-Charm Kabushiki Kaisha (Uni-Charm
Corporation)_ [2007] 1 SLR 1082 at [9] (“ _Johnson & Johnson_”).

17 The comparison to be made is one of “mark for mark”. Each mark must be
considered as a whole without any external matter being taken into account:
_City Chain_ at [50]; _Caterpillar Inc v Ong Eng Peng (formerly trading as
Catplus International)_ [2006] 2 SLR(R) 669 (“ _Caterpillar_ ”) at [55].

18 The relevant perception is that of an “average consumer” who is “reasonably
well-informed and reasonably observant and circumspect”: _Chai Chyau Ling
(doing business as Racetech Auto) v Racing Technology Pte Ltd_ [2009] SGHC 105
(“ _Racetech Auto_ ”) at [30], citing _Love & Co Pte Ltd v Carat Club Pte Ltd_
[2008] SGHC 158 and the European Court of Justice’s decision of _Lloyd
Schuhfabrik Meyer & Co GmbH v Klijsen Handel BV_ [2000] FSR 77. That said, to
determine similarity, the sign and the mark ought not to be examined side by
side in close proximity as the “imperfect recollection” of the consumer must
be taken into account, given that comparisons are usually made from memory,
removed in time and space from the actual sign and mark in question:
_Caterpillar_ at [55], citing M Ravindran, _Butterworths’ Singapore Statutes,
Intellectual Property, Trade Marks Act – A Commentary_ (LexisNexis, 2002 Ed)
at p 42); _Johnson & Johnson_ at [11].

19 It appears that the distinctiveness of a trademark is an important factor
to bear in mind: _Polo (CA)_ at [17] and [23]; Ng-Loy Wee Loon, _Intellectual
Property Law in Singapore_ (2009, Rev ed, Sweet & Maxwell) (“ _Ng-Loy_ ”) at
para 21.5.12. The question of whether a sign and a mark are similar will often
be dependant on the inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the trademark:
_Bently & Sherman_ at p 866.

20 On a related note, we take this opportunity to clarify the general approach
to be adopted in the similarity analysis. The two-step approach articulated by
the Judge (see GD at [47]), following that set out in _Ozone Community_ (at
[40]-[44]), may inadvertently give rise to the misconception that the
distinctiveness of the registered trademark is either another aspect of, or an
element in, the determination of similarity, _separate_ from the three aspects
of similarity, _viz_ , visual, aural and conceptual. Rather, we would explain
that the “distinctiveness” of the registered trademark is a factor to be
considered in the visual, aural and conceptual analysis to determine whether
the allegedly infringing sign and the trademark are similar. It stands to
reason that the more distinctive the registered trademark, the more it is
necessary to show sufficient alterations to, or difference in, the sign in
order that it may not be held to be similar to the trademark (see below at
[35]).

Whether there is visual, aural and conceptual similarity of the “Nutello” sign
and the “Nutella” mark

(a) Visual similarity

21 First, the Appellant submits that the “Nutello” sign is dissimilar due to
the different font, typeface, design and also the differences in the letters
“a” and “o” used. It also argues that the visual differences are more
pronounced if a comparison is made between how the sign and the word mark are
actually used in practice, in contrast to the registered form of the word
mark.

22 On the other hand, the Respondent avers that the Judge was correct in his
approach that in determining visual similarity of word marks, the court ought
to look at the length of the marks, structure of the marks (_viz_ , whether
there are the same number of words), and whether the same letters are used:
_Ozone Community_ at [49], citing _Bently & Sherman_ at p 865.

23 In the present case, the length of the “Nutello” sign and the “Nutella”
word mark (comprising seven letters each) and the structure of the sign and
the mark (comprising one word each) are the same. The letters used in both
words are also the same save for the last letter, the former ending with “o”
while the latter ending with “a”. We agree with the Judge that the case in
point is that of _Hyundai Mobis v Mobil Petroleum Company Inc_ [2007] SGIPOS
12 (“ _Hyundai Mobis (IPOS)_ ”) which involved marks of similar
characteristics. The marks considered there were “Mobis” and “Mobil”. Both
marks had the same length, structure and had identical letters save for the
last letter. The Presiding Assistant Registrar (“PAR”) there held (which the
judge in that case did not disagree with) that when viewed as a whole, while
the ending parts of the marks were dissimilar, a large part of the marks was
in fact similar. He therefore found visual similarity. Similarly, this
analysis can also apply to the present case given that the letters used are
substantially identical and the identical length and structure of the
“Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” mark. Further, the effect of imperfect
recollection of consumers cannot be discounted, particularly since the
difference between the words here is merely a _single_ ending letter. As
stated in _Ozone Community_ (at [50]) citing _Bently & Sherman_ at p 865,
“where at first glance the sign and the mark may appear dissimilar, when the
possibility of imperfect recollection is taken into account, they may in fact
appear similar.” Therefore it would not be difficult to conclude that the
“Nutello” sign and “Nutella” mark would likely appear visually similar to an
average consumer, given a difference of only the final letter.

24 Additionally, we think as the Judge did, that the argument that the cursive
font, typeface and design used in the sign render it visually different from
the mark is misconceived. The Judge followed the reasoning in _Richemont
International SA v Da Vinci Collections Pte Ltd_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 369 (“
_Richemont_ ”) (at [20]-[24]), which relied on _Morny_ _Ld’s Trade Marks, in
the Matter of_ (1951) 68 RPC 131 (“ _Morny_ ”), to hold that for registered
word marks, use of the word in any font or stylisation would be infringing. In
_Morny_ , the “Morny” mark was registered in plain block capital letters.
Jenkins LJ in _Morny_ (at 149-150) observed that the registration of a word in
block capitals ought to cover use of that word in any clearly legible form of
lettering and must not be confined to its representation in block capital
letters. The reason was that if it were otherwise, protection of a word
registered in block capitals would be illusory “for anyone could use the same
word in some other form or type or lettering in imitation handwriting or some
other form of that kind”, and it would also be “obviously ... impossible for
anyone seeking to register a particular word … to cover in his application ...
every conceivable form of lettering in which it might be represented.” The
“Nutella” word mark here is registered in bold block capital letters and not
in any fancy or stylised form (see [3] above). Following the reasoning in
_Morny_ , _regardless_ of the font, typeface or design of the “Nutello” sign
used by the Appellant (here, it is presented in stylised form and in sentence
case), the mark and the sign are still similar.

25 We would further add that the word “Nutella”, being an invented word, is in
itself distinctive. Where the distinctiveness resides in the word itself,
differences in presentation of the word mark, _e.g._ , in font type and
colour, are immaterial: _Racetech Auto_ at [39]; _Richemont_ citing Kerly,
_Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 14th Ed, 2005) at para
2-036. Therefore, given the inherent distinctiveness of the word “Nutella”,
the Appellant’s argument that the “Nutello” sign is dissimilar to the
Respondent’s word mark because of differences in stylisation and font type
cannot stand.

26 In light of the preceding analysis, we hold that the “Nutello” sign and the
“Nutella” mark are visually similar.

(B) Aural similarity

27 Secondly, the Appellant submits that the “Nutello” sign and the “Nutella”
mark are aurally dissimilar. It argues that in contrast to the clear
pronunciation of “Nutello”, the pronunciation of “Nutella” is inconsistent
given that the pronunciations would in fact be _Noot_ -ella and _Nut_ -ella.
Also it argues that the average customer would focus on the differences
between the sign and the mark, _viz_ , the ending syllables – _ella_ and –
_ello_ , and that aural dissimilarity would be enhanced with the accent on the
different vowel sounds at the end of the respective words. Against this, the
Respondent submits that the sign and the mark are aurally similar because the
average Singaporean would pronounce “Nutella” as _Nut_ -ella and not _Noot_
-ella, and that this pronunciation is similar to how “Nutello” is pronounced.
It also emphasises the importance of the first syllable in pronouncing the
words, and that the vowel sound in the last syllable (_i.e._ , “o” and “a”) in
the respective words is insufficient to conclude aural dissimilarity.

28 A quantitative assessment of the relative number of syllables which the two
marks have in common is usually conducted in ascertaining aural similarity in
word marks: _Ozone Community_ at [55], citing _Bently & Sherman_ at p 865.
Here, there are three syllables in both the words, “Nutello” and “Nutella”,
with the majority (_viz_ , the first two out of three) in common.

29 The Judge held that it was likely that it would be the first syllable of
the words “Nutella” and “Nutello” that was emphasised. The Appellant’s
argument that customers will focus on the ending syllables of both words
(_viz_ , – _ella_ and – _ello_) can hardly be correct. The Appellant relied on
the decision in _Hyundai Mobis (IPOS)_ to dispute the significance of the
first syllable of word marks. However, in that case, despite the PAR finding
that the second syllable would be emphasised in pronouncing “Mobil” and
“Mobis”, he still found the second syllable in both marks to be aurally
_similar_ (see _Hyundai Mobis (IPOS)_ at [40]). Therefore, even if the
emphasis is placed on different ending syllable(s) of a multi-syllabic word,
it does not mean that this would necessarily point to aural dissimilarity. For
the present matter, we agree with the Judge that the first syllable would
likely be emphasised in pronouncing the words “Nutella” and “Nutello”. It
would do violence to the natural pronunciation of both words to say, as the
Appellant does, that the ending vowels would be accented. We therefore find no
reason to disagree with the Judge’s observation that there is greater aural
similarity between the two words which end with vowels instead of consonants
(see GD at [63]).

30 It is also not incorrect for the Judge to have considered how an average
Singaporean consumer would pronounce the respective words. No new arguments
are raised by the Appellant as to why pronunciation of the words in question
by Singaporeans ought to be anything other than “ _nut_ -ella” and “ _nut_
-ello” as found by the Judge (see GD at [62]). In _Hyundai Mobis (IPOS)_ , the
PAR noted that there was a risk of the ending consonant of the marks there
being slurred in speech in Singapore. Although the respective words “Nutello”
and “Nutella” here end with vowels, it is difficult to see how the conclusion
can be any different, as far as slurring is concerned.

31 The Judge (at [64] of his GD) also rightly made allowances for imperfect
recollection and careless pronunciation and speech: _Future Enterprises Pte
Ltd v McDonald’s Corp_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 629 at [12], citing _Aristoc, Ld v
Rysta, Ld_ (1945) 62 RPC 65 at 72-73 (“ _Aristoc_ ”). It was stated in
_Aristoc, Ld v Rysta, Ld_ (1943) 60 RPC 87, and affirmed by the House of Lords
in _Aristoc_ at 72, that first impressions mattered in determining aural
similarity between words. Indeed, it is plausible for a consumer, who has an
imperfect recollection, to regard the word “Nutello” to be similar to
“Nutella” in their ears.

32 Ultimately, it is the pronunciation of the relevant words as a whole that
must be critical in ascertaining aural similarity: _Festina Lotus SA v
Romanson Co Ltd_ [2010] 4 SLR 552 (“ _Festina_ ”) at [48]. For the reasons
above, we therefore agree with the Judge that the “Nutello” sign and the
“Nutella” mark are aurally similar.

(C) Conceptual similarity

33 Third, the Appellant argues that conceptual similarity is absent between
the “Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” mark because both are invented words
conveying no meaning. It also avers that the Judge had not identified the
concept underlying the sign and the mark in question. The Respondent agrees
with the Judge that both words are meaningless as they are invented ones, and
since “Nutello” was derived from the word “Nutella”, there is conceptual
similarity between them.

34 As was rightly stated by the Judge, conceptual similarity involves the
consideration of the “ideas that lie behind or inform the earlier mark”:
_Festina_ at [39], citing _Bently & Sherman_ at p 866. However we have
difficulties with his finding that there is conceptual similarity between the
“Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” mark. His reliance on the authority of
_Festina_ to arrive at his conclusion may not be wholly appropriate. In
_Festina_ , the “Festina” and “J.Estina” marks comprised invented words and
had a pictorial element of a crest and crown respectively. The judge found
conceptual similarity between the marks because the respective crest and crown
devices indicated a sense of “class and “status” (see _Festina_ at [45]). In
the present case, however, although the words “Nutello” and “Nutella” are
invented and meaningless like those words in _Festina_ , the “Nutello” sign
and “Nutella” mark here do not each have a device element which evokes similar
ideas. Instead, we think that the case of _Hyundai Mobis (IPOS)_ is of greater
relevance to the present. There, the marks in question were word marks and
comprised invented words, similar to the situation in the present case. The
words “Mobil” and “Mobis” were invented. The PAR observed that while the
applicants there argued that “Mobis” was derived from the words “mobile” and
“system”, it was not obvious when one sees the word “Mobis” that it meant so.
He therefore concluded that no finding of conceptual similarity could be made
because both the “Mobil” and the “Mobis” marks were meaningless. Similarly,
following this reasoning, since the words “Nutello” and “Nutella” are invented
and meaningless with no particular idea underlying each of them (and nothing
has been shown in that regard) it is difficult to say that they are
conceptually similar. The Judge seemed to think (at [69]) that just because
“Nutello” was derived from “Nutella” with only a change to the last alphabet,
as the Appellant’s witness admitted, this suggests that there was conceptual
similarity. We do not see how that follows. While these circumstances
certainly justify a finding that there is similarity in the visual and aural
sense, they do not necessarily suggest a conceptual similarity. The Judge did
not indicate what the concept was. They are just meaningless words and do not
evoke any ideas. With respect, on this issue, we hold that the Judge is in
error.

Distinctiveness of the “Nutella” word mark

35 As we have earlier mentioned (see [20] above), the distinctiveness of the
earlier mark is a factor to be considered in the similarity analysis. On this
point, the Respondent argues in support of the Judge’s finding that as the
“Nutella” mark is inherently distinctive, being an invented word, merely
changing the last letter from “a” to “o” as per the “Nutello” sign would not
render the latter sufficiently dissimilar.

36 In _Bently & Sherman_ at p 866-867, the learned authors state that the
question of whether marks are similar will oftentimes depend on the inherent
or acquired distinctiveness of the mark for the goods for which it has been
registered. Therefore, if the trademark is highly distinctive, it follows that
a sign which has been substantially modified may possibly still be regarded as
similar. For such trademarks, then, there is a high threshold to be met in
creating a sign or a mark sufficiently dissimilar to it. Inherently
distinctive marks include those which comprise inventive words without any
notional or allusive quality, an example being the word “Volvo”: _Polo (CA)_
at [23]. Here, the “Nutella” word mark is an invented word with no particular
meaning to it; it possesses a considerable degree of inherent distinctiveness.
This distinctive quality is a factor to be considered in determining
similarity between the mark and the “Nutello” sign. As such, we agree with the
Judge that merely changing the last letter of the “Nutella” word mark from “a”
to “o” to form the “Nutello” sign would not suffice to meet this high
threshold to render the “Nutello” sign dissimilar from the “Nutella” word
mark.

Overall similarity between the “Nutella” word mark and “Nutello” sign

37 We have found that the “Nutella” word mark is inherently distinctive and
that it is visually and aurally, but not conceptually, similar to the
“Nutello” sign. As stated above at [16], a finding of similarity of marks can
be made even though not all three aspects of similarity are established. It is
the overall picture that emerges to the court which would be decisive. The
wisdom of this “trade-off” approach was noted by the High court in _Festina_
(at [53]) as offering “flexibility and latitude to the courts in coming to a
conclusion (with regard to the overall similarity of marks) against a
contextual background by adapting to the ever evolving commercial reality”.

38 For the present case, we are of the view that the visual and aural aspects
of similarity are relatively more important than conceptual similarity. This
is because the “Nutella” mark and “Nutello” sign are word-only and effectively
can only be engaged visually or verbally. Moreover, considering the mode of
purchase of products sold under the respective mark and sign, _viz_ , the
“Nutella” cream spread being bought from supermarkets and the “Nutello” drink
being ordered in TCC cafes, visual reading and recognition of the words in the
mark and sign are the only ways of selecting or ordering these products. For
the “Nutello” sign in particular, the verbalisation of it is needed when one
orders the “Nutello” drink in the TCC cafe.

39 As such, in light of the significance of visual and aural similarity of the
mark and sign and the inherent distinctiveness of the former, we find that
similarity is established as between them. The first element of s 27(2)(b) TMA
is thus made out.

(ii) Similarity of goods

40 Section 27(2)(b) TMA contemplates that with regards to goods, identity or
similarity must be shown. For the purposes of this appeal, we need only
consider the question of similarity of the goods. As the Respondent has not
appealed against the Judge’s finding that the goods are not identical, this
aspect of the Judge’s finding is no longer in dispute.

41 In finding that the Nutello beverage was similar to the “chocolate
products” specification for which the “Nutella” word mark was registered, the
Judge explained that the relevant comparison to be made was between the
Nutello beverage on the one hand and the actual product in use (_i.e._ , the
“Nutella” spread), as well as the types of products in respect of which the
respondent has registered its word mark “Nutella” on the other. He held that
the comparison ought to be made with the possible range of “chocolate
products” as used in the trade besides the respondent’s “Nutella” spread. In
finding similarity, he took cognisance of the fact that the main ingredient in
the Nutello beverage was Nutella spread and that the Nutello beverage was
marketed to attract chocolate lovers, in addition to the manner in which the
Nutello beverage was served and consumed. He further noted that a market
survey showed that consumers considered the Nutello beverage as being similar
to chocolate products, and that the drink would fall within the “beverages”
category (e.g. “Beverages (chocolate-based)”; “chocolate-beverages with milk”;
“chocolate-based beverages”) which is also within Class 30 ICGS.

42 The Appellant argues that the parties’ goods are in fact dissimilar.
Firstl, it submits that the Judge was precluded from finding similarity
because he had already found that the Nutello beverage was not identical to a
chocolate product. Secondl, it submits that it is wrong to find similarity of
goods simply because the Nutello beverage falls within the same class, _viz_ ,
Class 30 ICGS, as the “chocolate products” for which the Nutella spread is
registered. In support of this, the following reasons are proffered: Class 30
ICGS comprises various different products; Jacob J in _British Sugar_ did not
state that the factors enumerated in his judgment (see _British Sugar_ at
296-297 and below at [48]) (“ _British Sugar_ factors”) are irrelevant if the
goods are of the same class; the term “chocolate products” is too vague and
wide, extending even to products which the Respondent has not produced and
applied the mark to or which fall into other ICGS classes; and that the
respondent intended to refer only to chocolate cream spread when it registered
its “Nutella” mark.

43 However, the Respondent makes the following arguments to the contrary.
First, that the correct comparison ought to be between the Nutello beverage
and the goods in respect of which the “Nutella” mark is registered for, and
that a finding that the goods were non-identical would not preclude a finding
that goods were similar. Second, it avers that the Judge did not discount the
_British Sugar_ factors in reaching his decision that the goods were similar.
It argues that there is similarity of goods since both appeal to customers who
enjoy the “cocoa taste”, with the Nutello beverage being made with Nutella
spread as an ingredient, and the “Nutella” word mark has been used by the
Respondent in similar Nutella-based beverages of its own, although not in
Singapore.

44 At this point we would clarify that, contrary to the Appellant’s first
argument, a finding that the goods were non-identical would not preclude a
finding that goods were similar. We do not understand why a finding made under
the identity limb of s 27(2)(b) TMA should be determinative or conclusive of a
finding under the similarity limb. Indeed, the fact that s 27(2)(b) refers to
the criteria of “identical” and “similar” disjunctively shows that they could
mean different things, and the literal meanings of the words point to that as
well.

45 Section 27(2)(b) TMA requires similarity between the goods and services for
which the offending sign is used and “those for which the trade mark is
registered”. In _Bently & Sherman_ (at p 869), the learned authors state that
in an infringement action, courts usually compare the defendant’s goods (here,
the Appellant’s goods) as they have been used with the goods in the claimant’s
specification (here, the Respondent’s specification). In doing this, the court
has to interpret the specification and then characterise the defendant’s goods
or services (here, the Appellant’s goods) to see if they fall within the
specification. The Judge held (at [86] of the GD) that the comparison should
be made between the Appellant’s Nutello beverage product, and both the actual
Nutella product in use (_i.e._ , the “Nutella spread”) as well as the type of
products for which the “Nutella” word mark was registered (_i.e._ , the
possible range of “chocolate products” as used in trade). This approach is
also consistent with the decision of the European Court of Justice in _Vedial
v OHIM (Hubert)_ (Case C – 106/03P [2005] ETMR 23), which was a case
concerning a proposed registration of a later mark, and where the court held
that one should look at the proposed specification of the new mark against the
specification of the existing registered mark in determining identity or
similarity. While it is true that the judge in _British Sugar_ (at 297) made a
comparison between the “Robertson product” and the “British Sugar product”, it
seemed to be in relation to ascertaining infringement. It is not clear
whether, when making the comparison between the actual goods, the court there
was doing so for the purposes of determining similarity of goods or for
determining confusion, as the court there ultimately held that there was no
likelihood of confusion and in turn there was no infringement.

46 We agree that the concept of similarity of goods should not be over
extended or be interpreted too broadly. In _British Sugar_ (at 296) it was
stated that the purpose of the words “similar goods” in s 10(2) of the Trade
Marks Act 1994 (c 26) (“UK TMA 1994”) and the Directive on which it is based
(namely the First Council Directive 89/104/EEC of 21 December 1988 to
approximate the laws of the Member States relating to trade marks) is to
prevent marks from conflicting, both for their respective actual goods and
also for a penumbra. However, we need to point out that under the express
terms of our s 27(2)(b) TMA, which is substantially similar to s 10(2) of UK
TMA 1994, the comparison to be made is not between the alleged infringing
goods and the actual goods of the trademark owner but between the alleged
infringing goods and the products in respect of which the trademark is
registered for. This is also the view of _Bently and Sherman_ (see above at
[45]). To say that in determining similarity one should only look at the
alleged infringing goods and the actual goods of the trademark owner and not
at the specifications would be to take a view inconsistent with the express
terms of the provision. If that were to be the correct view, what protection
is there left for the trademark owner in respect of goods which are within the
specifications of the registered mark, but in respect of which the owner has
yet to embark upon actual production? Having said that, a late entrepreneur is
not without a remedy. He could apply to the Registrar of Trade Marks or to the
court for revocation of the registration of the mark in respect of goods which
the owner has yet to produce after five years of registration pursuant to s
22(1)(a) TMA . Alternatively, he need not adopt a mark which is similar to the
registered mark – there would then be nothing to impede his business venture.

47 We note that in _British Sugar_ the first issue which Jacob J identified
for determination was “Does the Robertson’s product fall within _the
specification of goods for which the mark is registered?_ ” [emphasis added].
Interestingly and pertinently, Jacob J held that the defendant’s product,
“Robertson’s Toffee Treat”, which was a toffee spread, was neither identical
nor similar to the specification of the registered trademark, namely “dessert
sauces and syrup”. There, the defendant had also raised the defence of
revocation on the ground that the word “Treat” was a common English word which
was essentially descriptive and not distinctive. This could explain why Jacob
J only felt the need to compare the actual product of the trademark owner with
the alleged infringing product and where he held (at 297) that there was no
infringement. Therefore, we are in agreement with the Judge that to determine
similarity of goods in the present case, one must not only compare the goods
of the offending party with the actual product of the owner but also with the
specification of the mark. As such we are unable to accept the Appellant’s
contention that the comparison ought to be made with the registered
specification of the “Nutella” word mark as interpreted by its use in practice
in the form of the Nutella spread,[note: 3] as this is in substance tantamount
to submitting that the comparison ought to be made with the actual Nutella
spread product itself.

48 We do acknowledge that the “chocolate products” specification could, on a
plain reading of the term, cover a whole range of foodstuff and items. It
could include things like chocolate powder, mocha, or even items like
chocolate-flavoured body lotion. However, it is not true that simply because
of this holding the Respondent would _ipso facto_ have a monopoly of the
“Nutella” word, or closely related variations, over what is an extensive range
of all chocolate products imaginable. This is because a registered owner still
needs to establish further the third element, namely, likelihood of confusion,
in order to make out a successful case of trademark infringement.

49 It was held in _British Sugar_ that the following are relevant
considerations in determining the question of similarity of goods:

(a) The respective uses of the respective goods or services;

(b) The respective users of the respective goods or services;

(c) The physical nature of the goods or acts of service;

(d) The respective trade channels through which the goods or services reach
the market;

(e) In the case of self serve consumer items, where in practice they are
respectively found or likely to be found in supermarkets and in particular
whether they are, or are likely to be, found on the same or different shelves;
and

(f) The extent to which the respective goods or services are competitive. This
inquiry may take into account how those in trade classify particular goods,
for instance whether market research companies, who of course act for (the)
industry, put the goods or services in the same or different sectors.

50 At this juncture, we pause to address the Appellant’s argument that the
Judge erred in relying upon the views expressed by the High Court in _The
Polo/Lauren Co, LP v Shop In Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2005] 4 SLR(R) 816;
[2005] SGHC 175 (“ _Polo (HC)_ ”) (at [33]) that where goods fell within the
same class in the ICGS classification system, the goods ought very likely be
regarded as similar. In particular, we highlight the following passage:

Accordingly, I have very little doubt that the goods carried by the plaintiff
and the defendant are similar, if not identical, for the purposes of s
27(2)(b) of the TMA. The plaintiff’s trade marks were registered under Class
25 of the ICGS and the defendant’s products which are being complained of
(mainly T-shirts) **_would qualify to be registered in the same class_** , as
evidenced by their attempted registration. This being the case, **_it is not
necessary for the court to engage in the test set down in British Sugar_** ...
. The test in that case was employed because the **_defendant’s product would
not have been registered in the same class as the plaintiff’s and thus there
was a need to decide if it was similar enough to the plaintiff’s product._**
It would be a **_very rare case, if ever, that a defendant could claim that
its products, if listed in the same classification as the plaintiff’s were not
similar_**. ... .

[emphasis in original; emphasis added by the Judge in bold italics]

51 The Judge held that since the “Nutello” drink was a beverage falling within
Class 30 ICGS (which is the same class as that for which the “Nutella” mark
was registered), he was persuaded therefore to find that there was a
similarity of goods. While this appears to have a certain logical
attractiveness, it should not be determinative – consideration should also be
given to the factors enumerated by Jacob J in _British Sugar_ (see above at
[48]). Indeed, in _Bently & Sherman_ (at p 784), the learned authors have
stated that the purpose of the classification process is primarily
administrative, _viz_ , to facilitate searching for earlier competing marks.
That was also seemingly the view of Jacob J. As regards the factors set out in
_British Sugar_ , ultimately, the weight which ought to be accorded to each
factor is for the trial judge to ascribe after assessing all pertinent
factors. In other words, it is not a numbers game.

52 The difficulty with applying the _British Sugar_ factors to the present
case is that we need to compare the Appellant’s product not only with the
actual Nutella product (_i.e._ the Nutella spread) but also with the
specification of the registration, _i.e._ , “chocolate products”. Making only
a narrow comparison between the two actual products, the following
observations could be made:

(a) _Uses_ : As Jacob J noted in _British Sugar_ (at 297), it is the use “in
practice” of the goods that this factor is concerned with, not the target
effect of marketing as the respondent has contended. Here, the respective
ordinary uses of the “Nutella” and the “Nutello” products are different. The
former is a cream spread typically applied on and consumed with bread whereas
the latter was a gourmet beverage consumed directly from the shot glass in
which it was served.

(b) _Users_ : On the facts this factor is neither here nor there since the
same person could be the user of both products. For instance, professionals
who frequent the Appellant’s outlets to consume the Nutello beverage may also
use the Nutella spread during breakfast.

(c) _Physical nature_ : Likewise, this factor is neither here nor there
because while it is undisputed that the Nutella spread is of a viscous nature,
it appears from the evidence that the Nutello beverage itself, into which
Nutella spread was put was similarly of a viscous nature and required the use
of a spoon during consumption.

(d) _Trade channels_ : As the Appellant rightly submitted, the trade channels
of the Nutella spread and the Nutello beverage are different. The former is
commonly sold in supermarkets and convenience stores whereas the latter was
sold exclusively at the Appellant’s TCC cafés.

(e) _Substitutability_ : The Nutella spread and the Nutello beverage can
hardly be said to be in direct competition. They are not product substitutes.
The former competes with other bread spreads whereas the latter competes with
other beverage products.

53 Having said that, if the proper comparison to be made is between the
Nutello beverage and the “chocolate product” registration specification, which
we think is the case, then many of the _British Sugar_ factors may not be
applicable as they were premised on comparing two actual products. In so far
as the specification of the “Nutella” mark extends to products which have not
yet been produced by the Respondent, then the _British Sugar_ factors may not
be entirely helpful in the conduct of the similarity analysis. At the end of
the day, the question would depend on whether the Nutello beverage can be
considered a “chocolate product”. From the evidence from the market survey and
internet blogs, various consumers have commented on the Nutello beverage's
chocolate nature (such as its chocolate taste and chocolate content). This
indicates rather persuasively that the Nutello beverage has in practice been
regarded as a "chocolate product" by those who have consumed it. While not
conclusive, it shows that the Nutello beverage can be considered to fall
within the "chocolate product" specification. Bearing in mind that the
“chocolate product” specification is not only restricted to the traditional
solid form of chocolate products, but also encompasses all forms or textures
such as powder and even viscous liquids/viscous products like the Nutella
spread and the Nutello beverage, the similarity is obvious. It seems to us
that one reason the Judge refrained from holding that the “Nutello” product
was a chocolate product (_i.e._ , identical to a chocolate product) was
essentially because under the same Class 30 of ICGS there are the following
separate categories of goods: “Beverages (Chocolate-based)”, “Beverages
(Cocoa-based)”, “Chocolate beverages with milk” and “Chocolate-based
beverages”. Although the Respondent could have done so, it did not register
the “Nutella” mark against these categories of products under the same class.
In the result, we agree with the Judge that the Nutello beverage is not
identical but similar to “chocolate products”. It seems to us that these
products (_viz_ “Beverages (Chocolate-based)”, “Beverages (Cocoa-based)”,
“Chocolate beverages with milk” and “Chocolate-based beverages” _et al_),
which are listed under the same Class 30 ICGS as “chocolate products”, are
simply further particularisation of “chocolate products” and are thus similar
to “chocolate products”. Of course, had the Respondent registered the
“Nutella” mark against “Beverages (Chocolate-based)” or “Chocolate-based
beverages”, it would probably have been a case of “identical” rather than
“similar” products. Therefore, in light of the preceding analysis, we are of
the view that the “Nutella” and “Nutello” products are similar.

(iii) Likelihood of confusion

54 We now turn to consider the third element to establish infringement:
likelihood of confusion. The Judge found a likelihood of confusion because of
the great similarity of the marks and the goods respectively, the distinctive
nature of the “Nutella” word mark and the evidence showing that approximately
30% of the relevant public surveyed had indicated that they were confused.

55 The Appellant argues that the relevant test is confusion of “a substantial
number of the relevant public” and that principles of passing off should apply
to determine whether this element of confusion is established. It submits that
the “relevant public” should comprise the Appellant’s actual and potential
customers. It adds in relation to this that the number of people must be
substantial, and that there would be a real impact on the Respondent’s trade
or goodwill. As the Respondent had not shown weak or negative sales, but to
the contrary achieved a 20% increase of sales each year, the Appellant argues
that there could not have been any confusion. It also argues that the Judge
was overly reliant on survey evidence in finding that there was confusion and
had failed to consider other circumstances and the requisite “extraneous”
factors. As to what these “extraneous” factors are, this will be elaborated
below at [60]. On the other hand, the Respondent submits that passing off
principles are irrelevant to the interpretation of the likelihood of confusion
element in trademark infringement. In any event, the Respondent argues that
“extraneous” factors should play no part in the confusion analysis.

56 Before determining whether there is a likelihood of confusion, there are
two legal principles which we need to address briefly. Both are germane to the
issue of confusion. The first concerns the term “substantial portion (of the
relevant public)” and the second relates to the “extraneous” factors and
whether they ought to be taken into consideration in determining confusion.

57 It is settled law that the test to be adopted in determining likelihood of
confusion is whether a substantial portion of the relevant public will be
confused (see _Hyundai Mobis (CA)_ (at [77]-[82] and GD at [92]). As regards
what constitutes a “substantial portion” of the relevant public, this court
had the occasion to deal with an identical set of words found in s
8(3)(b)(iii) TMA concerning trade mark opposition proceedings in _Hyundai
Mobis (CA)_ (at [77]-[82]). The identical words were “there exists a
likelihood of confusion on the part of the public”. We agree with the Judge
that the essence of this requirement is that there must not be an
insubstantial number of the relevant public being confused. This standard is
above _de minimis_ and must be appreciable, though it is not necessary to show
that a majority of the public is confused. It is insufficient, however, if
only a “single member” of the relevant public is confused or if only a “very
small and unobservant section” is confused: _Hyundai Mobis (CA)_ at [79].

58 It is of little assistance for the Appellant to argue that evidence of
rising sales of the Respondent’s Nutella spread suggests indirectly that there
was no confusion. While the rise in the latter’s sales can indicate a lack of
confusion, it is not necessarily the case, especially in circumstances like
the present. It must be borne in mind that in the context of this case it is
not alleged that the Nutella spread which the Respondent put into its product
(_i.e._ , the Nutella beverage) is not genuine Nutella spread. The confusion
in question relates to the relevant public being made to labour under the
impression that the Appellant was somehow related to or had some business
connection with the Respondent. This being the nature of confusion, there was
no reason for the Respondent’s sales to trend downwards. This aside, it does
not follow as a general proposition that the existence of confusion must
necessarily lead to a fall in sales. Neither would it mean that an absence of
confusion would necessarily translate into observable sales increment. There
may be other external and/or commercial factors which could have spurred the
high sales achieved by the trademark owner, as in this case.

59 In _City Chain_ , which also involved a s 27(2) TMA trademark infringement
action, this court explained in some detail who would constitute the “relevant
public”. Where a product is commonly available and purchased by the general
public, the average consumer would be the general public: _City Chain_ at
[56]. Even so, the court will nonetheless try to ascertain in such cases who
the target consumers really are: _City Chain_ at [59]. In the present case,
the “relevant public” would be the general public as both the Nutella spread
and the Nutello beverage are available generally for the public to purchase
and consume. As for the target consumers of the Nutello beverage, they would
likely be sophisticated executives, professionals and business people; while
those for the Nutella spread would likely be shoppers in supermarkets and
provision stores in general.

60 The term “extraneous factors” has been used to encompass matters outside
and beyond the marks and the goods themselves: see Ng-Loy Wee Loon,
“Developments in Singapore Trade mark Law 2006-2010 – Confusion-based
Protection and Beyond” in Yeo Tiong Min, Hans Tjio and Tang Hang Wu gen eds,
_SAL Conference 2011: Developments in Singapore Law Between 2006 and 2010 –
Trends and Perspectives_ (Academy Publishing, 2011) at p 354. It includes
steps taken by the defendant to differentiate his goods from that of the
claimant registered proprietor. The question therefore is whether these
“extraneous factors” should be taken into account to determine whether there
was in fact a likelihood of confusion on the facts of each case. The author
was of the view that such “extraneous factors” should be excluded from the
confusion analysis. Understandably, this view was supported by the Respondent.
The reasons given by the author were as follows: firstly, statutory
interpretation of s 27(2)(b) TMA does not contemplate including such factors
into the confusion analysis; secondly, the nature of protection in passing off
actions where these factors are relevant is different from that under TMA; and
thirdly, the policy reason of certainty for the business community would be
advanced if such factors were excluded. The two English authorities relied on
were _Saville Perfumery Ltd v June Perfect Ltd_ (1941) 58 RPC 147 (“ _June
Perfect_ ”) and _Julius Samann ltd v Tetrosyl Ltd_ [2006] FSR 42. However, the
author was also cognisant of the fact that this Court had adopted a contrary
position in _Polo (CA)._ The Appellant here took the position as in _Polo
(CA)_. The reasons given for including “extraneous factors” in the confusion
analysis are as follows: firstly, extraneous factors used to be considered
under the Trade Marks Act 1939; secondly, the English High Court decision of
_In the matter of an Application by the Pianotist Co Ld for the Registration
of a Trade Mark_ (1906) 23 RPC 774 (“ _Pianotist_ ”) called for “all the
surrounding circumstances” to be considered; and thirdly, the underlying aim
of trade mark law is ultimately to prevent confusion. While we recognise the
force of the arguments above, we think that, on balance, the better view is
that “extraneous factors” should be included in determining if there is a
likelihood of confusion on the facts. This was the view of this court in _Polo
(CA)._ The observation was made at [25] that if Parliament had intended that
upon establishing similarity in marks and goods there would immediately be a
finding of confusion, Parliament would have used the phrase “there shall be
deemed to be confusion”. There would then be no question of there being a
three-step approach to establishing trade mark infringement. We should mention
that the judge in _Polo (HC)_ , having examined similar arguments before him,
came to the same conclusion as well. In his view, under s 27(2)(b) TMA, the
likelihood of confusion must arise from the similarity of goods and marks. The
judge further observed that where steps had been taken to distinguish the
goods, the likelihood of confusion can become merely hypothetical or
speculative. As to the argument that the nature of protection under passing
off and the TMA is different, the judge in _Polo (HC)_ (at [23]) emphasised
that the difference between the regimes was that for TMA infringement actions,
confusion must result from the similarity of marks and goods and only then can
the court proceed to examine if the likelihood of confusion was real. We would
also add that simply because the nature of protection under both these regimes
is different, this does not lead to the conclusion that a consideration of
“extraneous factors” in TMA infringement actions must necessarily be
erroneous. The judge in _Polo (HC)_ (at [19]) noted that the English
authorities appeared to differ on the correct approach. He referred to, _inter
alia_ , _June Perfect_ and _Pianotist_. In _Pianotist_ , Parker J held (at
777) that the court should, in determining confusion, consider “the nature and
kind of customer who would be likely to buy those goods”. In _June Perfect_ ,
which omitted to discuss the earlier authority of _Pianotist_ , Sir Wilfred
Greene MR said that the appropriate approach depended on the goods in
question. In contrast, the judge in _Polo (HC)_ (at [20]) noted that Singapore
cases had always clearly and consistently included the “extraneous factors” in
the analysis. The examples given were decisions of this Court in _Kellogg Co v
Pacific Food Products Sdn_ _Bhd_ [1998] 3 SLR(R) 904 and _McDonald’s Corp v
Future Enterprises Pte Ltd_ [2005] 1 SLR(R) 177. Recent decisions by this
court in _City Chain_ and _Hyundai Mobis (CA)_ continue to follow this
approach. Relatedly, we note that some commentators were also in favour of
including “extraneous factors” in analysing whether there was a likelihood of
confusion on the facts of the _Polo (HC)_ case: Ng-Loy Wee Loon and Tan Tee
Jim, _Intellectual Property Law Chapter in the Annual Review of Singapore
Cases_ (6, 2005) at para 16.62.

61 At this juncture, we would pause to briefly touch on the policy
considerations in relation to trade mark law. There appear to be two competing
policy concerns here, that of preventing confusion on the one hand and
promoting business certainty on the other. Additionally, the need to guard
against the danger of creating a monopoly in the trademark for the registered
trade mark proprietor which extends protection beyond what is necessary and
fairly required in the circumstances must be kept in mind. As the judge in
_Polo (HC)_ observed (at [19]), protection offered to a registered trade mark
proprietor is “wide but is not indefinite”. In the final analysis, we agree
that the main concern is to ensure that consumers do not get confused as to
trade sources. This view was very pertinently stated in _Polo (HC)_ at [19]:

The ambit of (trade mark) protection should be guided by the underlying aim of
a trade marks regime, which is _to ensure that consumers do not confuse the
trade source of one product with another. For instance where the consideration
of other matters can assist the court in drawing the line at cases where the
likelihood of confusion is merely imaginary, there is no reason not to do so.
Otherwise, the law will end up extending protection where none is needed_.

[emphasis added]

62 Therefore, the court has to take a holistic view of all the circumstances –
_including_ the “extraneous factors” – in order to determine whether a
likelihood of confusion can be said to exist on the facts of each case.

63 Confusion will not be presumed simply because the marks and the goods are
similar: _Polo (CA)_ at [25]. As this court stated in _Polo (CA)_ at [28],
citing _Associated Newspapers Ltd v Express Newspapers_ [2003] FSR 51, the
question of likelihood of confusion has to be assessed globally, taking into
account all the circumstances such as the closeness of the goods, the
impression given by the marks, the possibility of imperfect recollection and
the risk that it may be believed that the goods came from the same source or
economically-linked sources. Mere association by the relevant public between
two signs based on their similar use is insufficient to establish confusion if
the public is not misapprehended about the goods’ origins: _City Chain_ at
[58]. The finding of likelihood of confusion is a finding of fact and it is a
matter for the court to determine at the end of the day: _Electrolux Limited v
Electrix Limited_ (1954) 71 RPC 23 at 31.

64 Survey evidence is relevant in assessing whether there is a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the relevant public. That said, we agree with the
Judge that survey evidence should not be conclusive (see [129] of GD). Rather,
it is only one factor in the global confusion analysis. Both the Appellant and
the Respondent here had conducted surveys to ascertain the proportion of the
relevant public who were confused. Interestingly, each of the parties’ surveys
showed that about 30% of the relevant public were likely to be confused, after
adjustments were made for shortcomings in survey methodology and data
collection, and the Judge found so accordingly. The Appellant was not able to
furnish any compelling reason to say that this determination of the Judge is
wrong. By any standard, 30% cannot be said to be insignificant, and indeed we
would hold that that constitutes a _substantial_ portion of the relevant
public (see at [57] above). Due weight ought to be given to these results in
the final analysis.

65 We should also add that given the degree of similarity between the mark and
the sign (see [39] above) and the highly distinctive nature of the
respondent’s “Nutella” word mark (see [36] above), these circumstances would
certainly go no small way in confusing the relevant public. As stated in
Holyoak & Torremans, _Intellectual Property Law_ (Oxford University Press, 6th
Ed, 2010) (“ _Holyoak”)_ at p 437, there would generally be an increased
likelihood of confusion where a mark is highly distinctive.

66 We recognise that there are “extraneous” factors which seem to weigh
against the finding of a likelihood of confusion, such as the differences in
retail outlet locations of the parties goods, purchasing process and product
packaging. That said, there are other considerations which lean toward the
opposite finding. These include the closeness of the parties’ goods as
consumption foodstuff, the impression given by the marks that the goods are
related since the words “Nutello” and “Nutella” are substantially similar, and
that some portion of the relevant public had actually believed that the goods
came from the same source or that authorisation had been given to the
Appellant to use the “Nutello” name for its drink. Further, we would add that
where confusion is in the sense of the parties being related or having a
business link between them, the fact that the parties’ goods are sold through
different channels would not be very significant.

67 In light of all the circumstances, we are of the view that there existed a
real likelihood that a substantial portion of the general public and/or the
target consumers of these goods would be confused in the sense that they would
think that the parties are related or have business links between them. As
this Court had observed in _Polo (CA)_ (at [35]), quoting Laddie J in
_Wagamama Ltd v City Centre Restaurants Plc_ [1995] FSR 713 (at 732), whether
there has been trade mark infringement has been said to be more of “a matter
of feel than science”. Ultimately, this whole question of confusion is really
a matter of perception.

68 In sum then, we find that the s 27(2)(b) TMA claim is made out.

The Second Issue: Whether there is well known trade mark infringement under s
55(2) TMA?

69 Section 55 TMA is concerned with well known trademarks under which the
trademark proprietor would be entitled to obtain relief by injunction to
restrain the use by anyone else of an identical or similar mark, or the
essential part of which mark is identical or similar to the well known mark.
The Appellant does not dispute that “Nutella” is a well known trademark.

70 The Judge found, on the facts, that there was infringement by the Appellant
under s 55(2) TMA. The Appellant argues that the Judge omitted to consider
that part of the provision which concerns the “essential part” of the
Appellant’s mark being similar to the “Nutella” trademarks. It submits that
the Judge had simply adopted the reasons he used in the s 27(2)(b) TMA
infringement analysis to conclude that there was infringement under s 55(2)
TMA despite the fact that these two sections are worded differently, _viz_ , s
27(2)(b) TMA lacks reference to an “essential part” of the alleged infringing
mark whereas s 55(2) TMA does refer to this. We find that this point has no
merit. First, as we see it, the slight difference in wording between these two
sections could be due to an oversight during legislative drafting. We will
explain. The legislative wording of s 55(2) TMA is modelled after Article
4(1)(b) of the World Intellectual Property Organisation’s Joint
Recommendations Concerning Provisions on the Protection of Well known Marks
(“Joint Recommendations”). As was noted in _Novelty Pte Ltd v Amanresorts Ltd
and Another_ [2009] 3 SLR(R) 216 (“ _Amanresorts_ ”) (at [163]), Article
4(1)(b) of the Joint Recommendations is an “amalgam of Article 16 of the
Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, the law of
dilution in American jurisprudence and, the European Union law relating to
trade marks with a reputation as set out in the First Directive 89/104/EEC of
the Council, of 21 December 1988, to approximate the Laws of the Member States
Relating to Trade Marks”. In contrast, the legislative wording of s 27(2)(b)
TMA was closely modelled after the UK TMA 1994. That the legislative wording
of s 27(2)(b) TMA and s 55(2) TMA respectively was adopted from two different
sources without much amendment perhaps explains the discrepancy.

71 Secondly, and more importantly, we observe that the phrases “any trade
mark” and “an essential part of (that mark)” are separated by the disjunctive
word “or”. As such, assessing the “essential part” of the trademark in the s
55(2) TMA analysis is only at best an alternative and not a mandatory
requirement. In any event, in the context of this case an analysis under the
alternative basis does not arise as the Appellant’s mark which is under attack
is the entire word “Nutello”, which is similar to the Respondent’s mark
“Nutella”. Next, the Appellant highlights the fact that some of the “Nutella”
marks are depicted together with other devices, such as a slice of bread, a
knife, hazelnuts and milk glass (see [3] above), whereas the “Nutello” mark
does not have any such depiction. However, as rightly pointed out by the
Respondent, consumers would usually refer to the word or words in a trademark
and importantly, the distinctiveness of the “Nutella” word would have an
impact on consumers. In this regard, it was observed in _Racetech Auto_ at
[37] that where a distinctive word is used together with a device in a
trademark, it is very likely the word that would leave an impression on
consumers’ minds. While we acknowledge that the applicability of this
proposition depends very much on the circumstances of each case, we find this
observation is appropriate here. A consumer of the Nutella spread would
typically refer to it by name and give relatively less emphasis to the device
printed along with it.

72 The Appellant also argues that the visual and conceptual dissimilarity
between the “Nutello” sign and the “Nutella” device marks would obviate any
likelihood of confusion. Given our observations of the visual impact of the
two marks here being relatively significant (see [71] and [38]) and our
finding made earlier of similarity of goods (see [53] above), there is no need
to engage this argument further.

73 Accordingly, we would affirm the finding of the Judge that infringement
under s 55(2) TMA has been made out.

The Third Issue: Whether there is infringement by damaging connection of well
known trade mark under s 55(3)(a) TMA?

74 The Appellant argues against the Judge’s finding that there was
infringement by damaging connection under s 55(3)(a) TMA. To establish a case
under this provision, the proprietor of a well known trade mark must show the
following: first, that the defendant’s mark, or an essential part of it, is
identical with or similar to the proprietor’s mark; second, that the use by
the defendant of its mark would indicate a connection between the goods or
services of the defendant with the proprietor; and third, that because of the
connection the interests of the proprietor are likely to be damaged. Here, we
ought to clarify that unlike the position under s 27(2), the well known trade
mark proprietor need not show that the goods or services of the defendant are
similar to those of the proprietor.

75 The Appellant’s main points of contention are twofold. First, it reiterates
the argument on confusion _i.e._ , that the “Nutello” sign, or its essential
part, is not similar to the “Nutella” mark. As we have already dealt with this
point at [71] above, we do not think there is a need to traverse the same
arguments. Suffice it to say that there is no merit in the argument. Indeed,
because of the similarity between the sign and the mark, it suggests to the
mind of the average consumer that there is a connection between the Nutello
beverage and the Respondent’s product, _i.e._ , the Nutella spread. This
points to a confusing connection. Second, the Appellant contends that there is
nothing to show that the interests of the Respondent would be damaged on
account of that connection. In this regard, the Appellant highlights the fact
that the evidence from the Respondent shows that its sales in Singapore
increased by a “whopping 20% from each preceding year”. Neither is there any
evidence that the Respondent’s bottom line had been affected during the three
years that the Appellant had used the mark “Nutello” for its drink, namely,
August 2007 to July 2010.

76 As regard the “connection” and the “likely to damage the proprietor’s
interests” requirements in s 55(3)(a) TMA, the Judge adopted the holding by
this Court in _Amanresorts_ (at [234]) that the tests for both these elements
were “substantively the same” as the tests relating to the misrepresentation
and damage elements under the law of passing off; the only difference is that
the tests in passing off concern the proprietor’s “goodwill” while the tests
under s 55(3)(a) TMA concern the “interests” of the well known trade mark
proprietor. It is an implicit requirement that the requisite “connection” must
be a confusing one, _viz_ , a likelihood of confusion must be shown in
relation to the connection between the parties’ products: _Amanresorts_ at
[218], [226] and [233]; _Hyundai Mobis (CA)_ at [36].

77 The Judge found that there was a confusing connection based on his finding
of confusing misrepresentation in the passing off action (see GD at [166]),
which was in turn based on his finding of a likelihood of confusion under s
27(2)(b) TMA (see GD at [212]). Given that the test for the “connection”
requirement is similar in substance to the test for the misrepresentation
requirement in passing off (the findings of which were in turn based on the
findings made in relation to the likelihood of confusion element in s 27(2)(b)
TMA), and the distinction between the tests (see [76] above) does not result
in any effective difference on the present facts, we find no reason to
disagree with the Judge that there is the requisite confusing connection under
s 55(3)(a) TMA here.

78 As regards the element of damage, the Judge found that damage was likely to
be caused to the Respondent’s interests, basing this finding on his finding of
damage under the claim in passing off (see GD at [166]). He found that the
head of damage under the passing off claim was made out because the
Respondent’s expansion into the drinks business in Singapore would be
restricted as a result (see GD at [217]-[219]). The Respondent, while
recognising that it had not suffered any loss in terms of sales, (and here we
would observe that as the Appellant had in fact used genuine Nutella spread in
producing its Nutello beverage, this would no doubt help increase the sales of
the Respondent’s product), nevertheless argues in support of the Judge’s
finding that a restriction of its expansion into the Singapore drinks business
would constitute damage of its interests. We agree. Insofar as this head of
damage, _viz_ , restriction on the expansion by the Respondent into the
Singapore drinks business is concerned, not only is it a recognised head of
damage under passing off, it similarly features as a head of damage under s
55(3)(a) TMA. The only difference, we reiterate, is that under s 55(3)(a) TMA,
such damage must be shown to pertain to the interests of the proprietor of the
well known mark: _Amanresorts_ at [234]. This head of damage is a recognised
one for the purposes of s 55(3)(a) TMA as can be seen in Tan Jee Tim S.C.,
_Law of Trademarks and Passing Off in Singapore_ (Thomson Sweet & Maxwell
Asia, 2nd ed, 2005) at para 6.54: while the foremost and most obvious damage
to a proprietor’s interests in the mark is that of pecuniary interests as
exemplified by loss of sales and loss of profits, other forms of damage to his
interests may include a restriction on the expansion of the use of his well
known mark and an exposure to liability. In _Hyundai Mobis (CA)_ (at [98]),
albeit in the context of discussing possible heads of damage under s 8(3)(iv)
TMA (which similarly has a damage requirement), this court had also observed
that restricting the expansion of use of a well known trade mark would
constitute damage to the interests of the proprietor. We note that the
Appellant in its case does not challenge the Judge’s determination that such a
restriction on the proprietor’s expansion into the drink business would
constitute damage within the meaning of s 55(3)(a) TMA, other than reiterating
that there is no evidence of loss of sales or profits on the part of the
Respondent because of the Appellant’s use of the “Nutello” sign on its drink.
The restriction on the expansion of use of the Respondent’s well known
“Nutella” trademarks in the Singapore drinks business can therefore constitute
the likely damage to the Respondent’s interests in that well known mark.
Therefore, we agree that a case under s 55(3)(a) TMA has been made out.

The Fourth Issue: Whether there was dilution by blurring under s 55(3)(b)(i)
TMA?

79 The fourth issue relates to the question of unfair dilution under s
55(3)(b)(i) TMA. To establish such a case, the following must be shown. First,
that a defendant has used a trademark on its goods or services (of whatever
nature), and that trademark, or the essential part of which, is identical or
similar to a well known trademark of the plaintiff. Second, that such use of
the trademark on the goods or services of the defendant has been without the
consent of the well known trademark proprietor. Third, that the well known
trademark is well known to the public at large in Singapore. Fourth, that such
use of the trademark by the defendant would cause dilution in an unfair manner
of the distinctive character of the well known trademark. The Judge found that
there was dilution by blurring of the Respondent’s “Nutella” mark with the
Appellant’s use of its “Nutello” sign, resulting in difficulty for the public
in associating the “Nutella” mark with the Respondent’s products (GD at
[177]).

80 The Appellant submits, firstly, that it is conceptually incongruous for the
trial judge to find both trade mark infringement, which is based on a
likelihood of confusion as to the origin of the goods, and dilution, which is
not based on such confusion. Secondly, it argues that no dilution in an unfair
manner of the distinctive character of the “Nutella” trademarks can be said to
have arisen on the present facts.

Is it conceptually incongruous to find both infringement and dilution?

81 In support of its contention of conceptual incongruity, the Appellant
relies on the article “Trademark Infringement and Dilution are Different –
It’s Simple” (2010) Trademark Reporter, Vol 100, No 3 (“ _Trademark
Infringement and Dilution are Different_ ”) by John Shaeffer (“Shaeffer”). Put
simply, Shaeffer argues that if consumers are confused, they in fact believe
that the goods relate to the same single source. If so, this necessarily means
that there has been no whittling away or lessening of the identification of
the mark with a single source: _Trademark Infringement and Dilution are
Different_ at 850. Therefore, where there is confusion as to the source, the
claim should be for infringement; whereas if consumers view the junior user’s
mark (here, the Appellant’s sign) as identifying a different source, the claim
should be for dilution: _Trademark Infringement and Dilution are Different_ at
811. Shaeffer went so far as to say that proof of a likelihood of confusion,
while sufficient for infringement claims, should in fact defeat dilution
claims.

82 However, at a later part of his article, Shaeffer himself concedes that it
does not mean that proof of actual confusion necessarily undermines a dilution
claim. This is because the fact that there are “some consumers (who)
experience... confusion does not mean _all_ or even a majority of consumers...
will be similarly confused”: _Trademark Infringement and Dilution are
Different_ at 836. This view is held by Kathleen B. McCabe (“McCabe”) in her
article “Dilution-by-blurring: A Theory Caught in the Shadow of Trademark
Infringement” (2000) 68 Fordham L Rev 1827 (“ _Dilution-by-blurring_ ”). She
states that unauthorised use of trademarks can constitute both infringement
and dilution. Thus, the conundrum that Shaeffer has created is apparent rather
than real. This is explained clearly in _Dilution-by-blurring_ (at 1841) as
follows:

In the mind of an individual consumer … only one of these violations [_i.e._ ,
dilution or infringement] can occur. “Either a person thinks that the
similarly branded goods come from a common source … or not. In that sense they
are inconsistent states of customer perception.” Yet both perceptions are
possible among various members of the public as to any given mark. … _While a
finding of dilution necessarily precludes a finding of infringement in the
mind of a single consumer, it does not preclude a finding of infringement in
the mind of her neighbour_.

[emphasis added]

This, in our view, sheds light on understanding how in a given set of
circumstances there could be a claim both in trademark infringement as well as
dilution.

83 Additionally, McCabe points out that while the protection of trademarks in
an infringement action is conditioned on avoiding consumer confusion, in a
dilution action, it is the very ownership of the mark and its consequent value
that is sought to be protected: _Dilution-by-blurring_ at 1842. Given this
difference in the basis and purpose of protection under the two causes of
action, and the fact that the perception of the circumstances by two consumers
could very well be different (see above at [82]), we do not see how the two
causes should be regarded as mutually exclusive courses of action.

84 Indeed, conceptual reasoning aside, it seems to us that the definition
given to the term “dilution” in s 2(1)(b) TMA puts the point beyond
controversy. The definition expressly provides that “dilution” can be
established “regardless of whether there is any likelihood of confusion on the
part of the public”. Therefore, an action in dilution can undoubtedly stand
even when a finding of a likelihood of confusion, which goes toward
establishing trade mark infringement, is made out.

85 The Respondent contends otherwise and relies on authorities from the UK, EU
and USA to show that the courts in those jurisdictions have addressed this
similar point in the same way as the Judge did in the present case. In its
submissions (at [239]), the Respondent also says that a finding of a
likelihood of confusion would assist a dilution by blurring claim, relying on
the authority of _Intel Corp Inc v CPM United Kingdom_ [2008] ETMR 13 (“
_Intel_ ”). While it is in order to cite foreign authorities which are
germane, the utility of such foreign authorities would depend upon whether in
those cases the courts had, in fact, recognised the essential difference
between a dilution and an infringement claim. As McCabe points out, while it
is possible that both infringement (premised on confusion) and dilution can be
found on the same facts, “dilution does not flow from infringement”. She
emphasises that consumer confusion does not feature in the dilution analysis:
_Dilution-by-blurring_ at 1865.

86 Sometimes the distinct nature of these two claims are apparently
overlooked. McCabe has observed that in some cases, the courts had found
consumer confusion (and thus infringement) and thereafter used the language of
confusion analysis to find dilution. This problem has also been noted in
_Bently_ (at 878), albeit in the context of rejecting trade mark registration
which would dilute an earlier mark with a reputation. Previously, there were
some early English decisions which had suggested that it was necessary to show
a likelihood of confusion for registration of trade marks to be rejected on
the ground that it would dilute the distinctiveness of a well known mark.
Today, however, courts have gained greater awareness of the difference between
the two claims and have refrained from using the language of confusion to
analyse or provide the basis for its finding of dilution. In _Adidas-Salomon
AG and Adidas Benelux BV v Fitnessworld_ [2004] FSR 21 (“ _Adidas_ ”), a case
cited by the Respondent, the European Court of Justice stated expressly (at
[29] and [31]) that confusion was not a precondition to establishing liability
under the dilution provision in Article 5(2) of the Trade Marks Directive (the
equivalent of s 55(3) TMA), unlike what is required for infringement under
Article 5(1)(b) of the Trade Marks Directive. For a dilution action, it noted
that what was required was the relevant section of the public making a
connection or establishing a link between the sign and the well known trade
mark, even though no confusion arose. Also, in the US District Court case of
_The New York City Triathlon LLC v NYC Triathlon Club Inc_ 704 F Supp 2d 305
cited by the Respondent, the court there likewise did not use the language of
confusion analysis when making its finding of dilution. In _Intel_ , the
European Court of Justice stated (at [57]) that a link between the marks is
necessarily established when a likelihood of confusion exists. But the court
also acknowledged later in its judgment (at [58]) that the implementation of
the anti-dilution protection under Art 4(4)(a) EU Directive 89/104 did not
require that a likelihood of confusion also existed.

87 The Appellant also makes the wholly unmeritorious argument, by erroneously
relying on Shaeffer’s article _Trademark Infringement and Dilution are
Different_ (at 809), that dilution claims apply only to distinct or dissimilar
goods. It overlooks the fact that Shaeffer himself had acknowledged later in
his article (at 809-810) that “Congress never intended to limit the reach of
this cause of action (_i.e._ , dilution) to unrelated goods only.” _Bently_
(at 885) affirms this, stating that dilution protection applies equally to
“similar (and) dissimilar products”. Indeed, s 2(1)(a) TMA states that
dilution may be established “regardless of competition” between the trademark
proprietor and the other party. Moreover, the opening linking words of s 55(3)
TMA do not prescribe any such limitation as to the nature of the goods or
services and, instead, have merely referred to “in relation to any goods or
services”. Comparison may be made in this regard with s 55(2) TMA. If
Parliament has intended to introduce any such limitation it would have said
so, as it did in s 55(2) TMA where the words used are “in relation to
_identical or similar_ goods or services”. In the light of such differences in
phraseology in s 55(2) TMA and 55(3) TMA, it is clear that for the purposes of
s 55(3) TMA it does not matter whether the goods or services of the Appellant
are identical, similar or otherwise to the goods or services in respect of
which the Nutella marks are registered.

88 In conclusion, we reject the Appellant’s argument based on conceptual
incongruity, and instead hold that it is not conceptually incongruous to find
both infringement and dilution made out on a given set of facts. Both claims
are not mutually exclusive.

Showing dilution of an “unfair manner” of a trademark’s distinctive character

89 The Appellant submits next that “an additional factor” has to be shown for
the dilution to be “unfair” as required by s 55(3)(b)(i) TMA. It says that the
Judge’s finding of a mere mental link between the sign and the well known
trademarks does not suffice. It argues that actual or prospective injury to
the “Nutella” trademarks or a change in the Respondent’s consumers’ economic
behaviour must be shown for any unfair dilution to be established. It avers
that the Respondent has failed to show proof of detriment such as loss of
sales or adverse changes to its customers’ behaviour consequent upon the
Appellant’s use of the “Nutello” sign.

90 In this regard, the Respondent has helpfully pointed out that as s
55(3)(b)(i) TMA is based on Article 4(1)(b)(ii) of the Joint Recommendations,
regard may be had to the explanatory notes to this Article in order to
ascertain what is meant by dilution “in an unfair manner”. [note: 4] The
relevant section states:

… The meaning of the words “in an unfair manner” implies that third-party use
of a well known mark which is not _contrary to honest commercial practice_
(e.g. reference to a well known mark for review or parody) does not constitute
dilution.

[emphasis added]

The case which the Appellant has relied on to argue that such an “additional
factor” is needed is _Whirlpool Corporation v Kenwood Ltd_ [2010] RPC 2, which
is not entirely germane as that case dealt with an unfair advantage claim and
not a dilution claim. The court should be slow to rely on authorities on
unfair advantage and readily draw parallels between the requirements for an
unfair advantage claim and a dilution by blurring claim. This is because each
protects a different aspect of the well known trade mark, _viz_ , the former
prevents exploitation and free riding on the reputation of the mark whereas
the latter prevents the mark’s distinctiveness from being blurred such that it
need not necessarily give rise to immediate association with the registered
proprietor’s goods.[note: 5] Consequently, it is hardly surprising that the
conditions required to establish each of these claims will be different.

91 In _Holyoak_ (at p 443) it was expressly stated that actual or present harm
to the proprietor’s mark is not required to be shown; rather, what needs to be
shown is _prima facie_ evidence of a future risk of detriment which is not
hypothetical. We find persuasive the interpretation proffered by the First
Board of Appeal in _Citicorp and Citibank, N.A v Incepta Group plc_ Case R
821/2005-1 (“ _Citicorp_ ”) on the European Court of Justice decision in
_Intel_ as to what sort of harm or injury would suffice for a dilution action.
In _Intel_ , the European Court of Justice held (at [77]), as regards Article
4(4)(a) of the EU Directive No. 89/104 which sets out the EU equivalent of the
dilution provision, that:

… [P]roof that the use of the later mark is or would be detrimental to the
distinctive character of the earlier mark requires evidence of a change in the
economic behaviour of the average consumer of the goods or services for which
the earlier mark was registered consequent on the use of the later mark, or a
serious likelihood that such a change will occur in the future.

Referring to this paragraph in _Intel_ , Registrar Pinkowski in _Citicorp_ (at
[38]) said:

Presumably all that the Court meant, in paragraph 77 of the _Intel_ judgment,
is that _it must be shown that the economic value of the reputed trade mark
will be impaired, possibly in the medium or long term, as a consequence of the
use of the later mark, in the sense that consumers of the goods or services
for which the reputed mark is protected and known will be less inclined to
associate immediately with the undertaking that has build up the trade mark’s
reputation. There is no need to show an imminent danger of lost sales. It is
sufficient to show a probability of damage to the mark’s advertising function
as a vehicle for building up and retaining brand loyalty_. …

[emphasis added]

It bears setting out in full the reasoning of the Registrar in _Citicorp_ in
reaching this conclusion on the question of the harm or damage which needed to
be shown in a dilution claim. He explained (at [38]):

… It is not easy to understand what is meant by a change in the economic
behaviour of consumers or why the Court [in _Intel_] thought that evidence of
such a change should be necessary in order to support a claim based on
detriment to distinctive character. Consumers spend their money on a range of
goods and services, making their choices in whatever way comes closest to
satisfying their needs and desires as they perceive them (or as they are
persuaded to perceive them through advertising). That is what the economic
behaviour of consumers amounts to. _At first sight, it might seem that a
change in economic behaviour implies that consumers refrain from buying
certain goods or services and buy other goods or services instead. It is
difficult to believe that the Court of Justice intended to require evidence of
such a change in the spending habit of consumers. Although paragraph 77 of the
[Intel] judgment is introduced by the words ‘It follows that …’, there is
nothing in the previous paragraphs of the Court’s judgment to suggest that a
change in spending habits is required in order to show detriment to
distinctive character_. _Moreover, if the Court’s intention was to ensure that
reputed trade marks are protected against dilution in the manner envisaged by
Schechter, as paragraph 29 of the [Intel] judgment implies, there is reason to
believe that the Court did not mean to require evidence of a change in the
spending habits of the relevant consumers. No-one who was contemplating buying
a Rolls Royce car would decide to buy a Mercedes Benz or a Ferrari instead
because someone had started using ‘Rolls Royce’ as a trade mark for cafeterias
or candy._ The conclusion must be that the Court [in _Intel_ (at [77])] did
not intend to require that sort of dramatic change in the economic behaviour
of consumers in order to show detriment to distinctive character. …

[emphasis added]

It seems to us that the Registrar in _Citicorp_ has suggested that the court
in _Intel_ did not appear to have an appropriate basis upon which to conclude,
as it did, that proof of a change of consumer economic behaviour is required
before dilution can be established. As alluded to in [87] above, to establish
a case of unfair dilution, it does not matter whether the two goods in
question are similar in nature or otherwise. In a case where the goods are
dissimilar, we do not see how it is possible to show evidence of adverse
changes in consumer economic behaviour since the goods are not consumption
substitutes and are thus not purchased in direct competition to each other. In
this regard, we think that s 2 TMA quite clearly supports the view that no
actual loss of sales or profits needs to be shown, because the definition of
“dilution” there states that it can occur “regardless of whether there is any
competition between the proprietor of the trade mark and any other party”, and
also “regardless of whether there is any likelihood of confusion on the part
of the public”. As it is not necessary to show competition it will be
difficult indeed for the trademark proprietor to show marked adverse changes
to its profits or sales because of the other party’s use of its sign.
Accordingly, proof of such loss is not a necessary pre-condition to
establishing dilution.

92 This view is reinforced by McCabe who describes dilution as a process
involving “‘death by a thousand cuts’ of a trademark occurring slowly over
time” (at 1862). Immediate and apparent actual damage in the form of the trade
mark proprietor’s loss of profits may not be that easily shown in practice.
With the practical difficulty of showing loss and if evidence of actual damage
is still insisted on, this would invariably result in the under protection of
well known trademarks, contrary to legislative intention in enacting s
55(3)(b)(i) TMA.

93 In this connection, we note that in _Intel_ (at [75]), the European Court
recognised that the _first_ use of an identical or similar sign may be
sufficient to point to a real and serious likelihood that detriment to the
distinctive character of the well known trade mark will occur in the future.
Accordingly, we agree with the Judge who observed (GD at [176]) that because
the first use could kick-start the process of dilution, the well known
trademark proprietor “should not be required to wait until harm is actually
done to the distinctive character of the trade mark before he may obtain an
injunction against dilution”. This is plain good sense.

94 Therefore, it is sufficient to show a real or serious probability of damage
to the well known trademark’s advertising quality or symbolic function in
order to establish a dilution claim. In the rare occasion where the trademark
proprietor can show proof of actual or immediate damage, we think that it will
just add further weight to his claim for dilution.

Whether there is dilution by blurring?

95 In the present case, we agree with the Judge’s finding that dilution by
blurring is made out. He held (at [177]) that the public would have difficulty
in associating the “Nutella” mark with the Respondent’s products if the
“Nutello” sign were to be used on various goods, and also that the
distinctiveness of the “Nutella” mark would be lost should others decide to
use word variants of the “Nutella” mark in their trade. While we broadly agree
with the Judge’s reasoning, we will first briefly examine the essence and
purpose of a dilution action, and then analyse the present claim in dilution
by the Respondent against the Appellant.

96 It appears from the definition of “dilution” provided in s 2(1) TMA that
the essence of dilution is the weakening of the mark’s ability to identify
goods. In _Trademark Infringement and Dilution are Different_ (at 808 and
819), it is stated that dilution by blurring occurs when consumers no longer
see the trade mark as indicating a distinctive source of a product, _i.e._ ,
when a mark is harmed by an association with different sources.

97 Advocate General Jacobs in _Adidas_ described the essence of dilution in
similar terms, stating as follows in his Opinion (at [AG 37]):

_Schechter described the type of injury with which he was concerned as the
‘gradual whittling away or dispersion of the identity and hold upon the public
mind’ of certain marks._ The courts in the United States, where owners of
certain marks have been protected against dilution for some time, have added
richly to the lexicon of dilution, describing it in terms of lessening,
watering down, debilitating, weakening, undermining, blurring, eroding and
insidious gnawing away at a trade mark. _The essence of dilution in this
classic sense is that the blurring of the distinctiveness of the mark means
that it is no longer capable of arousing immediate association with the goods
for which it is registered and used._ …

[emphasis added]

Similarly, an equally useful summary of the essence of dilution has been set
out in _Intel_ by the European Court of Justice (at [29]) as follows:

… [S]uch detriment is caused when _that mark’s ability to identify the goods
or services for which it is registered and used as coming from the proprietor
of that mark is weakened, since use of the later mark leads to dispersion of
the identity and hold upon the public mind of the earlier mark.__That is
notably the case when the earlier mark, which used to arouse immediate
association with the goods and services for which it is registered, is no
longer capable of doing so_.

[emphasis added]

Both these extracts were cited by Registrar Pinkowski in _Citicorp_ (at [35]).

98 Thus, what the dilution action protects is the well known trade mark’s
distinctiveness or uniqueness from being eroded, thereby protecting its
“selling power and ‘commercial magnetism’”: _Bently_ _& Sherman_ at 885. This
protection is reflective of the transition in the role of trade marks to that
of “symbols” and “valuable assets in their own right” today; they are not just
signals or indicators of a good’s origin. The mark identifies the good or
gives it an identity, and importantly, it in _itself_ attracts custom due to
its “advertising” quality or selling power: _Bently_ _& Sherman_ at 712.

99 It must be shown in a dilution by blurring claim that the relevant public
makes a connection or establishes a link between the sign and the trademark.
As explained in _Citicorp_ (at [31]), a link implies that the consumer will
“call to mind” the proprietor’s well known mark after seeing the other party’s
sign used in relation to that party’s goods. Whether a link is established and
whether there is consequently a real and serious likelihood of damage to the
distinctive character of the mark are questions to be resolved by considering
all the circumstances of the case. Each case must be considered on its own
facts. This so called “global” approach has been accepted in various EU
decisions like that of _Adidas_ (at [30]) and _Citicorp_ (at [31]).

100 In the present case, we find that there is such a requisite link. Firstly,
the “Nutella” mark can be said to be recognised by many in Singapore,
including professionals and executives who are the Appellant’s target
customers. Secondly, it is important to recognise the distinctive quality of
the “Nutella” mark given the invented nature of the word (see [36] above). In
this regard, _Bently_ _& Sherman_ (at 883) has stated that “it is easier to
establish a link where the earlier mark is unique or invented”. Frank Schecter
agreed with this in his article “The Rational Basis of Trademark Protection”
(1927) 40 _Harvard Law Review_ 813 (at 825). He explained there that the
greater the distinctiveness or uniqueness of a mark, the deeper it impresses
upon the public consciousness, and there is therefore a greater need to
protect the mark against vitiation or dissociation from the product which it
has been used in relation to. Thirdly, there is reproduction to a substantial
extent of the word “Nutella” in the “Nutello” sign, and that it is the word
that forms the distinctive part of the trademark. The close similarity between
the distinctive “Nutella” mark and the “Nutello” sign due to the substantial
reproduction of the former to form the latter (only the last letter is
different as between them), increases the likelihood that the relevant public
will make a mental connection between the mark and sign. Fourthly, it is
significant to note that the Appellant’s witness himself had admitted during
cross examination at trial that the word “Nutello” had been _derived_ from the
respondent’s “Nutella” mark,[note: 6] and that it was intended that the
consumers be informed by the “Nutello” sign that the Appellant’s product
comprised a mixture of espresso and “Nutella” spread.[note: 7] Fifthly, as we
have found the goods of the Appellant to be similar to the goods of the
Respondent as set out in the specification of the trademark, it would be
extremely likely for consumers to draw a mental link between the sign and the
mark. As we have noted above at [14], whereas the similarity inquiry (as to
marks) in an infringement action is mandatory and focuses on whether the
similarity would lead to confusion, in a dilution claim, it is merely a factor
to be considered – the focus is on whether the similarity causes consumers to
form a mental association or link between the Respondent’s mark and the
Appellant’s sign.[note: 8] One would be hard pressed to say that the relevant
public will not call to mind the “Nutella” mark upon seeing the “Nutello”
sign. We therefore think it highly likely that such link or association
between the sign and the mark will be drawn by the relevant public. The survey
results presented to court by both the Appellant and the Respondent evidence
that as well.

101 It stands to reason that using the “Nutello” sign over an extended period
of time on the Appellant’s drink creates a real and serious likelihood that
the distinctiveness of the respondent’s “Nutella” trademarks may be weakened
or lost in the medium to long term. There will be a diminished ability on the
part of the “Nutella” trademarks to identify products for which they are
registered and used and they may no longer have the capacity to conjure
immediate association with the Respondent’s products. This is so because, as
explained earlier, consumers will likely to readily draw a mental link or
association between the sign and the mark (whether subconsciously or not) for
the reasons given above (at [100]). In the result, we find that the dilution
by blurring claim under s 55(3)(b)(i) is made out.

The Fifth Issue: Whether the damage element under the action for passing off
is made out?

102 It is trite law that for the Respondent to succeed in an action for
passing off, the “classical trinity” requirements of goodwill,
misrepresentation and damage must be established: see _Amanresorts_ at [37].

103 We can see no reason to disturb the findings of the Judge on the first two
elements of goodwill and misrepresentation, especially since the Appellant has
not appealed against these two findings. We turn now to address the
Appellant’s arguments on the element of damage.

104 Before the Judge, the Respondent had claimed three separate heads of
damage, _viz_ , restriction on the Respondent’s expansion into the drinks
business in Singapore, likelihood of damage should the Appellant’s activities
become reprehensible and the loss of licensing opportunity. The Judge only
found that the first head of damage was made out. He reasoned that since the
parties’ fields of business are closely related and the Respondent had
expanded its product line overseas to include a Nutella-based drink (_i.e._ ,
the “Nutella Milk Shake”), there was damage to the Respondent in the sense
that what the Appellant did in fact restricted the Respondent’s ability to
expand into the drinks business in Singapore.

105 The Appellant makes two main arguments against this finding. It argues
firstly that actual damage has to be shown, and secondly, that this finding is
erroneous as both parties’ fields of business are not closely related. The
Appellant emphasises that the Respondent lacks a real intention to expand into
such a business, and that the evidence submitted in support of the
Respondent’s expansion into the drinks business in France is questionable. In
response, the Respondent disputes that proof of actual damage is required as
the suit was instituted before the alleged passing off had terminated when the
Appellant changed its menu in July 2010 and stopped serving the Nutello
beverage in its cafes. It also argues that the Judge was correct to find that
the first head of damage was made out as both parties’ fields of businesses
are closely related given that both parties sold products with a chocolate
character, that the Respondent in fact had an intention to expand its business
as evidenced by its expansion into a similar product line in France, and that
the Appellant could have, but did not, challenge at trial the Respondent’s
evidence in support of this fact.

Whether actual damage needs to be proved?

106 Relying on _Asia Pacific Publishing Pte Ltd v Pioneers & Leaders
(Publishers) Pte Ltd_ [2011] SGCA 37 (“ _Asia Pacific Publishing_ ”) (at
[139]), the Appellant argues that actual damage needs to be proved where the
period of infringement had passed. First, we think that the case of _Asia
Pacific Publishing_ can and should be distinguished. There, the damage claimed
was a net loss of profits, _viz_ loss of _existing_ profit when the appellant
in that case misrepresented his horse-racing magazine Racing Guide as the
respondent’s magazine Punters’ Way (see _Asia Pacific Publishing_ at [133]).
As explained in _Bently & Sherman_ (at p 768), this head of damage involves
misrepresentation which diverts profit away from the claimant (the respondent
in _Asia Pacific Publishing_) to the defendant (the appellant in _Asia Pacific
Publishing_). This is damage that has already occurred. In contrast, the
unifying strand of the heads of damage which the Respondent in the present
case has claimed in the court below (_viz_ , a restriction on the appellant’s
expansion into the Singapore drinks industry, likelihood of damage should the
appellant’s activities become reprehensible and the loss of licensing
opportunity), is that they involve a loss of opportunity or a loss that has
yet to manifest in practice. In particular, as regards the first head of
damage found established (_i.e._ , restriction of the appellant’s expansion
into the Singapore drinks business), the learned authors in _Bently & Sherman_
(at p 769) have described it as damage that arises through potential trade and
profit being lost rather than a diversion of existing trade. The loss is that
of _future_ profit. Therefore, it does not seem logical to demand proof of
actual damage before these heads of damage can be made out because actual
observable damage or detriment itself is not the basis for those heads of
damage. Instead, it is more appropriate to require that a real likelihood of
damage be shown for these heads of damage. This is in line with the
established position that either actual damage _or a real likelihood of
damage_ must be shown before the damage element of passing off can be made
out: _Ng-Loy_ at para 19.1.1; see also _Asia Pacific Publishing_ itself at
[136].

107 The Respondent also submits that _Asia Pacific Publishing_ is
distinguishable because legal proceedings there were only commenced on 12
November 2008, _after_ the period of passing off (which occurred between 30
June 2007 to 5 June 2008) had ceased. Here, however, legal proceedings were
commenced on 6 January 2010, _before_ the period of passing off (which was
suggested to have ended only on 18 July 2010)[note: 9] had ended. Therefore in
the present case, only a real likelihood of damage needs to be shown – actual
damage is not required. We find no reason to disagree with this analysis.

Whether finding that the Respondent’s expansion into the Singapore drinks
business would have been restricted is correct

108 The restriction of expansion into another field of commercial activity
which naturally extends from the original activity has been recognised by this
Court as a head of damage under passing off in _Amanresorts_ (at [117]). It
was emphasised in _Amanresorts_ (at [118]) that there needs to be a close
connection between the established activity and the extended activity (_i.e._
, commercial activity which is a natural expansion of the first activity in
which the claimant already has established goodwill in). We agree with the
Judge’s finding that both parties’ fields of business are closely connected.
The Respondent’s field of business in the present case is the sale of
chocolate cream spread, while the Appellant’s field of business is food and
beverage retail. Both parties are thus engaged in the business of providing
consumption foodstuff and that the respective products in question include
significant chocolate content.

109 Following _Amanresorts_ (at [121]), an expansion into the extended
activity overseas can support the finding that the established and expanded
activities are closely connected. In _Amanresorts_ , this Court observed that
the fact that the respondents there (which engaged in the high-end hotel and
resort business) had already expanded into the residential accommodation
business overseas buttressed the conclusion that both fields of activities
were closely connected. The Respondent here has similarly expanded its product
line to offer a Nutella Milk Shake product in France. Evidence in support of
this include the Respondent’s witness Mr Malatesta’s evidence at trial,[note:
10] and, copies of Nutella Milk Shake advertisements and instructions to
prepare the milk shake product exhibited by the Respondent.[note: 11] We
therefore find no reason to disagree with the Judge that there is a close
connection between the parties’ respective fields of business. In this regard,
we note the Appellant’s argument that the long lag time of 30 years indicates
a lack of intention on the Respondent’s part to expand its business in the
Singapore market to offer Nutella milk shakes. However, growing and developing
a business undoubtedly takes time and business strategies such as the addition
or extension of a product line do not spring to mind or get implemented
overnight. At the end of the day, it is a commercial decision based on
commercial considerations. However, the fact that the Respondent has gone into
the drinks business in France a few years ago demonstrates that it has taken
real steps to expand its line of business. In view of this development, we
find that this is not a case where the Respondent is only interested in ring
fencing a new market as a possible preserve for future exploitation. The
position may be different if the Respondent had in fact not started or had
permanently ceased any Nutella Milk Shake business in France.

110 While it would have been better if the Respondent had produced samples of
the Nutella Milk Shake or adduced evidence on the distribution of its Nutella
Milk Shake advertisement, we do not think this should seriously undermine the
Respondent’s case. This is due in no small part to the fact that the Appellant
did not challenge the Respondent’s evidence as adduced at the trial itself
when the relevant witness for the Appellant was testifying. To challenge the
authenticity of the advertisements and its contents at the final submission
stage was clearly too late and it prejudiced the Respondent.[note: 12] We note
also that the documents submitted by the Respondent in support of its position
were not just one advertisement but in fact three different copies of the
Nutella Milk Shake advertisements together with a copy of instructions to
prepare the Nutella Milk Shake.

111 We therefore agree with the Judge’s finding that, in view of the
Appellant’s use of the “Nutello” sign, there would be a likelihood of
restriction on the Respondent’s expansion of its product line into the
Singapore beverage business. Accordingly, the claim in passing off is made
out.

Conclusion

112 To summarise, we have found as follows:

(a) the s 27(2)(b) TMA infringement succeeds;

(b) the s 55(2) TMA infringement succeeds;

(c) the s 55(3)(a) TMA claim succeeds;

(d) the s 55(3)(b)(i) TMA claim succeeds; and

(e) the passing off claim succeeds.

In other words, the Appellant has failed in all its points of contention.

113 Therefore, the appeal is dismissed. Ordinarily, an injunction ought to
follow given that the Respondent is successful on its s 27(2)(b), 55(2),
55(3)(a), s 55(3)(b)(i) TMA and passing off claims. However, since the
Appellant had, after July 2010, ceased using the “Nutello” sign and selling
the Nutello beverage, there is no practical need now for the grant of an
injunction and we decline to order so. Costs should follow the event. There is
just one final observation we would make. The Judge had ordered that damages
be assessed. Since the infringement and/or breach on the part of the Appellant
had ceased for more than two years, and unless there is real evidence as to
loss suffered by the Respondent during the period, the latter might well deem
it expedient to just move on instead of incurring more costs in pursuing an
assessment which is less than certain.

* * *

[note: 1]A “sign” is defined in s 2(1) TMA as: any letter, word, name,
signature, numeral, device, brand, heading, label, ticket, shape, colour,
aspect of packaging or any combination thereof.

[note: 2]A “trade mark” is defined in s 2(1) TMA as: [a]ny sign capable of
being represented graphically and which is capable of distinguishing goods or
services dealt with or provided in the course of trade by a person from goods
or services so dealt with or provided by any other person.

[note: 3]See Appellant’s case at [35].

[note: 4]Respondent’s case p 193-194

[note: 5]_Adidas_ at p 412

[note: 6]Supplementary core bundle p 105

[note: 7]Supplementary core bundle p 109

[note: 8]A parallel is drawn with the reasoning in _Bently_ at 880 on an
assessment of similarity of marks in a dilution claim

[note: 9]Respondent’s Supplementary Core Bundle at p 124 – Mr Tan Teck Chye
Christopher’s AEIC

[note: 10]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle at p 64 – Notes of Evidence –
Mr Malatesta’s evidence: “It’s a [Nutella Ferrero] milkshake, yes. And this is
in France [at] this moment.”

[note: 11]Respondent’s Supplemental Core Bundle at p 120-123

[note: 12]It was raised by the appellant in its Reply submissions at trial:
ROA Vol IV Part B at p 253-254

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

