Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Tan Hwee Lee _v_ Tan Cheng Guan and another appeal and another matter  
[2012] SGCA 50

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 135 and 136 of 2011, and Summons No 266 of
2012  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 August 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Puay Chong Vincent and Sim Chong (JLC Advisors LLP)
for the appellant in Civil Appeal No 135 of 2011 and the respondent in Civil
Appeal No 136 of 2011; Bernice Loo and Magdelene Sim (Allen & Gledhill LLP)
for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 135 of 2011 and the appellant in Civil
Appeal No 136 of 2011.  
Parties| :|  Tan Hwee Lee — Tan Cheng Guan  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 4 SLR 1148.]

30 August 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 These are two related appeals filed by the husband, Tan Cheng Guan (“the
Husband”) and the wife, Tan Hwee Lee (“the Wife”) against the decision of the
High Court judge (“the Judge”) in _Tan Cheng Guan v Tan Hwee Lee_ [2011] 4 SLR
1148 (“the Judgment”) with regard to the division of matrimonial assets and
the order of maintenance. Civil Appeal No 135 of 2011 (“CA 135/2011”) is filed
by the Wife, and Civil Appeal No 136 of 2011 (“CA 136/2011”) is filed by the
Husband. Summons No 266 of 2012 (“SUM 266/2012”) is an application taken out
by the Wife in relation to CA 135/2011.

2 The main issue which arises in this appeal is whether an inter-spousal gift
is a matrimonial asset for the purposes of s 112(10) of the Women’s Charter
(Cap 353, 2009 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Notably, the Judge held that an inter-
spousal gift is a matrimonial asset for the purposes of s 112(10) of the Act
(“s 112(10)”), expressly disagreeing with the views of the High Court in _Wan
Lai Cheng v Quek_ _Seok_ _Kee_ [2011] 2 SLR 814 (“ _Wan Lai Cheng (HC)_ ”).

Facts

3 The Husband is an Executive Vice-President at Sembcorp Industries Ltd
(“Sembcorp”) while the Wife is a homemaker. Both parties are in their mid-50s.
The parties married on 9 October 1982 and have two daughters, respectively
aged 23 and 21 years (collectively referred to as “the Children”), who are
both pursuing their tertiary education in the United States of America
(“USA”). During the 28-year marriage, the Husband was the sole breadwinner
while the Wife looked after the household and the Children.

4 The parties owned three properties: (a) 32 Seletar Hills Drive Singapore
807047 (“32 SHD”); (b) 34 Seletar Hills Drive Singapore 807049 (“34 SHD”) and
(c) 36E La Salle Street Singapore 454936 (“the La Salle Property”).

5 From 1988 to 1999, the parties lived in 32 SHD. From 1999 onwards, the
parties resided in 34 SHD. The parties’ relationship deteriorated through the
years and, in 1999, they entered into a Deed of Separation (“the 1999 Deed”).
The Wife claimed that it was the result of the Husband having committed
adultery, while the Husband blamed it on the Wife behaving intolerably. The
parties nonetheless remained under the same roof for the sake of the Children
but effectively lived separate lives.

6 From about 1990 to 2004, the Husband worked at Sembcorp. In 2004, he
accepted a job in Shanghai with Vopak China and the family uprooted themselves
and followed him there. In April 2006, the Husband moved out of the family
home in Shanghai, but the Wife and the Children continued living there because
of the Children’s education. On 24 August 2006, the parties executed a deed
(“the 2006 Deed”) although neither party acted on it.

7 Between late 2006 and early 2007, the Husband agreed to sever the joint
tenancy in 32 SHD and gave 40% of 32 SHD from his share to the Wife with the
result that she held 90% of that property. This was first given effect to by a
sale and purchase agreement dated 29 January 2007,[note: 1] followed by a
title deed transfer dated 10 April 2007.[note: 2] The _purported_ _effect_ of
the Husband’s act is _hotly disputed_ between the parties, and forms the
subject matter of the inter-spousal gift issue. It is the Wife’s case that the
Husband had given her 32 SHD (with the balance 10% kept by him merely to
continue servicing the mortgage) after he committed adultery, in order to
persuade her not to end the marriage and as compensation.[note: 3] The
Husband, however, argued that he had _not_ made a gift of his share in 32 SHD
to the Wife, but that he had severed his share without the intention of giving
any part of 32 SHD to the Wife, only to make her feel more secure as she had
continually harassed him when he told her that he wanted to set up his own
business.[note: 4]

8 In April 2007, the Husband decided to rejoin Sembcorp in Singapore. The Wife
and the younger daughter, however, remained in Shanghai until June 2009
because of the latter’s studies in Shanghai, while the elder daughter was due
to go to the USA for undergraduate studies.

9 On 7 May 2007, the Husband wrote, by hand, a letter which set out certain
financial provisions on maintenance for the Wife and the Children whilst they
remained in Shanghai. On 23 May 2007, a formal deed was executed which echoed
the terms in the letter but which also made further financial provisions for
the Wife and the Children upon their return to Singapore (“the 2007 Deed”).

10 In April 2008, the Husband commenced divorce proceedings in Singapore. On
17 March 2010, the District Judge (“the DJ”) made an interim maintenance order
requiring the Husband to pay maintenance of $6,000 a month for the Wife and
the Children as well as requiring that he continue to pay for the Children’s
school fees and all education related expenses (“the DJ’s Maintenance
Order”).[note: 5] A _decree nisi_ was subsequently granted on 6 May 2010.

11 Before the Judge, the parties’ claims were widely divergent. The Husband
sought 80% of 32 SHD, 90% of all other assets and reimbursement for various
items of expenditure. The Wife, on the other hand, asked for the whole of 32
SHD (on the basis that it should not be part of the pool of matrimonial
assets), 80% of 34 SHD, 35% of the Husband’s other assets and for her to
retain the assets in her name (see the Judgment at [2]).

Decision below

12 The Judge first laid out (at [3] of the Judgment) a three-stage
methodological framework for dividing matrimonial assets: first, the pooling
of the assets and the ascertainment of the value of the pool (“the first
stage”); second, deciding the “fair and equitable” division between the
parties (“the second stage”); and, finally, making the actual division (“the
third stage”).

13 The Judge then justified the inclusion of an inter-spousal gift in the pool
of matrimonial assets on the ground that such a gift was “purchased with a
pre-existing matrimonial asset” and therefore “does not lose its nature as a
matrimonial asset”. The Judge attempted to reconcile the law on matrimonial
assets and the law of property on gifts by holding that “the concept of gift
remains valid … only at the third stage”, where a court can “order that the
gift forms part of the percentage share awarded to the party” (see the
Judgment at [3]).

14 The Judge offered three reasons why he disagreed with _Wan Lai Cheng (HC)_
, a High Court decision which had earlier established that an inter-spousal
gift fell within the proviso to s 112(10) (referred to as the “Exclusion
Clause” in the decision of this court in _Wan Lai Cheng v Quek_ _Seow_ _Kee_
[2012] SGCA 40 (“ _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_ ”)) and was therefore not a matrimonial
asset, as follows:

(a) Firstly, the Judge repeated his earlier justification that an inter-
spousal gift does not change its nature as a matrimonial asset, and that
holding otherwise runs contrary to the concept of joint property in marriage
(see the Judgment at [4]).

(b) Secondly, the Judge held that Parliament’s intention in not _explicitly
distinguishing_ between third-party and inter-spousal gifts in s 112(10) (even
though recommendations were made to that effect to the predecessor to s
112(10)) could simply be that the amendments were unnecessary because the
distinction was clear (see the Judgment at [5]).

(c) Thirdly, the Judge reasoned that regarding an inter-spousal gift as a
matrimonial asset provides better justification as to why the courts take it
into consideration at the second stage, as opposed to relying on ss
112(2)(_h_) and 114(1) of the Act instead (see the Judgment at [6]).

15 Having pooled and valued the respective assets (including 32 SHD) at an
amount totalling $6,794,973.09, the Judge awarded a 50:50 division of the
matrimonial assets. Consistent with his earlier view that “the concept of gift
remains valid … at the third stage”, the Judge awarded 32 SHD to the Wife (as
part of her 50% share), together with various other assets (see the Judgment
at [8]).

16 In so far as the maintenance of the Wife was concerned, the Judge took
cognisance of the DJ’s Maintenance Order (that the Husband pay the Wife $6,000
a month for herself and the Children) but varied it to discount the older
daughter’s share since the latter was above 21 years of age. The Judge
accepted the Husband’s submission that the Wife should be given $2,000 a month
for maintenance, but ordered that the Husband pay the Wife a lump sum of
$288,000 ($2,000 x 12 months x 12 years). He also ordered that the Husband pay
the younger daughter $2,000 a month directly, as well as her education
expenses and fees, until she has graduated from university (see the Judgment
at [9]).

Issues

17 The following issues arise in the present appeals:

(a) Should the Wife be granted leave to adduce fresh evidence for her appeal
(in CA 135/2011) (“Issue 1”)?

(b) Should the purported inter-spousal gift, _viz_ , 32 SHD, be excluded from
the pool of matrimonial assets (“Issue 2”)?

(c) Did the Judge err in the process of pooling and valuing the respective
matrimonial assets (“Issue 3”)?

(d) Did the Judge err in apportioning the matrimonial assets on a 50:50 basis
between the parties (“Issue 4”)?

(e) Did the Judge err in ordering the Husband to pay the Wife a lump sum of
$288,000 ($2,000 x 12 months x 12 years) as maintenance (“Issue 5”)?

Our decision

Issue 1

The Wife’s application to adduce further evidence

18 On 18 January 2012, the Wife applied _via_ SUM 266/2012 (see [1] above) to
seek this court’s approval to adduce further evidence for her appeal (“the
Further Evidence”), which consists of:

(a) a valuation report of the La Salle Property dated 22 December 2011 ( “the
Valuation Report”);

(b) a print-out from the website of the Urban Redevelopment Authority showing
the sale price of a similar property in May 2011 (“the URA Print-out”); and

(c) three excerpts from the Annual Reports of the Husband’s employer for the
years 2008, 2009 and 2010 (“the Annual Reports”).

19 The Wife sought leave to adduce the Valuation Report and the URA Print-out
to demonstrate that the value of the La Salle Property (retained by the
Husband after the division of matrimonial assets) had been erroneously
determined by the Judge. The Judge had adopted the originally undisputed
market value of the property as at July 2009, instead of February 2011, the
latter of which the Wife submitted before us should be the case. The Annual
Reports, on the other hand, were adduced to demonstrate that the Husband may
have earned more than what he had disclosed to the court and that the Wife
therefore deserves a higher amount of maintenance.

Our decision to dismiss the Wife’s application

20 Upon hearing the parties’ oral submissions on this matter, we decided
during the hearing to dismiss the Wife’s application to adduce the Further
Evidence.

21 In order to be granted leave to adduce the Further Evidence, the Wife had
to fulfil the three conditions set out in the oft-cited English Court of
Appeal decision of _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 (“the _Ladd v Marshall_
test”) pursuant to O 57 r 13(2) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev
Ed), that:

(a) The evidence could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence for
use during the hearings on the ancillary matters;

(b) The evidence must be such that, if given, would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case, though it need not be decisive; and

(c) The evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed or apparently
credible.

22 In our view, the Wife could not be granted leave to adduce the Further
Evidence because she did not satisfy the first condition of the _Ladd v
Marshall_ test. In her affidavit seeking leave to adduce the Further Evidence,
the Wife appeared to suggest that the Further Evidence was obtained at such a
late stage because she was only “alerted” to the Further Evidence subsequently
by her new solicitors.[note: 6] This was reiterated by the Wife’s counsel, Mr
Sim Chong, during oral submissions.

23 However, the fact that a party was represented by different solicitors
earlier is, in and of itself, insufficient to establish that the piece of
evidence “could not have been obtained with reasonable diligence” (see the
decision of this court in _Sim Cheng Soon v BT Engineering Pte Ltd and
another_ [2006] 3 SLR(R) 551 (“ _Sim Cheng Soon_ ”)). It was for this reason
that this court in _Sim Cheng Soon_ had to be convinced that the plaintiff’s
then solicitor had exercised reasonable diligence and could not be faulted for
not having adduced the evidence concerned for use, before it could hold that
the plaintiff had indeed satisfied the first condition of the _Ladd v
Marshall_ test (see _Sim Cheng Soon_ at [11]-[13]).

24 In the present case, the Husband accurately pointed out that the Further
Evidence could all have been easily obtained prior to the hearings before the
Judge had the Wife been minded to do so.[note: 7] The Wife’s only excuse –
that her previous solicitors did not draw her attention to them – did not
suffice to demonstrate that the Further Evidence could not have been obtained
with reasonable diligence. If anything, such a concession would go towards
showing that the Wife (as represented by her previous solicitors) did not act
with reasonable diligence.

25 In her skeletal submissions, the Wife cited the Singapore High Court
decision of _Chan Fook_ _Kee v Chan Siew Fong_ [2001] 2 SLR(R) 143 (“ _Chan
Fook_ _Kee_ ”) (reversed in _Chan Siew Fong v Chan Fook_ _Kee_ [2002] 1 SLR(R)
93, but not on the particular point to be discussed) to buttress her arguments
to adduce the Further Evidence.[note: 8] In _Chan Fook_ _Kee_ , the wife had
appealed against, _inter alia_ , the District Judge’s finding that both
spouses had contributed slightly more than $100,000 in initial instalments for
the purchase of their matrimonial flat. Before the High Court, the wife sought
to adduce fresh evidence (_ie_ , banking documents) to demonstrate that she
was the party who had paid _all_ the initial instalments. Although these
banking documents could have been produced before the District Judge, the
judge granted the wife leave for the following reasons (at [9]-[10]):

9 … In the end, I felt compelled to follow the guidance of Lord Wilberforce in
_Mulholland v Mitchell_ [1971] AC 666 at 680A; [1971] 1 All ER 307 at 313
which was expressed in these terms: “Positively … it may be expected that
courts will allow fresh evidence when to refuse it would affront common sense,
or a sense of justice.” The other factors were these. First, the further
evidence might ultimately affect the outcome of the appeal before me. Second,
the wife’s failure to obtain the banking documents in time hampered the
preparation of her case earlier. The documents came into existence 16 years
ago and it was not unexpected that her memory too might have lapsed here and
there. The husband on the other hand is a meticulous person, seeing the
prolific number of letters he wrote to her and the vendors. _Third, I was also
happy that the wife was better served in her cause after another solicitor had
taken a look into her case_.

10 In the circumstances, I was satisfied that there were “special grounds” and
I allowed the application and admitted the affidavit evidence and exhibits of
the wife.

[emphasis added]

26 A possible interpretation of the holding in _Chan Fook_ _Kee_ is that
awareness of fresh evidence resulting from a change of solicitors, coupled
with an unjust result should the fresh evidence be counted inadmissible, could
be a sufficient reason for the court to grant leave. Unfortunately, the court
did not refer to the _Ladd v Marshall_ test so it is uncertain whether the
holding in _Chan Fook_ _Kee_ is consistent with, or an exception to, the _Ladd
v Marshall_ test. Subsequently, _Chan Fook_ _Kee_ has been interpreted as an
exceptional case where the three conditions in the _Ladd v Marshall_ test “do
not apply, or apply in a modified form” where to refuse the admission of fresh
evidence would affront common sense or a sense of justice (see _Singapore
Civil Procedure 2007_ (G P Selvam gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2007) at para
57/3/16).

27 In our view, _Chan Fook_ _Kee_ is an exceptional case justifying the
“inapplicability or modification” of the _Ladd v Marshall_ test, _not so much
because the plaintiff had changed her solicitors_ , but because “the documents
[at issue] came into existence 16 years ago and it was not unexpected that her
memory too might have lapsed here and there” (see _Chan Fook_ _Kee_ at [9]).
In the present case, the La Salle Property was purchased as recently as July
2009.[note: 9] Hence, there could be no excuse on the part of the Wife for her
memory to have lapsed as to what should have been the true market value of the
La Salle Property.

28 Therefore, we were of the view that a change of solicitors _per se_ does
not suffice to establish that the new evidence “could not have been obtained
with reasonable diligence”. In the result, the Wife failed to satisfy the
first condition of the _Ladd v Marshall_ test and her application to adduce
the Further Evidence was therefore dismissed accordingly. We turn now to
consider Issue 2, _viz_ , whether an inter-spousal gift should be excluded
from the pool of matrimonial assets.

Issue 2

29 In CA 135/2011, the Wife’s main argument is that 32 SHD, an inter-spousal
gift that she claims was given to her by the Husband, should be excluded from
the pool of matrimonial assets and vested in her solely. Admittedly, the law
regarding the status of an inter-spousal gift in the division of matrimonial
assets in Singapore has been in a state of flux. In some cases, courts have
held that an inter-spousal gift ought to remain a matrimonial asset (see, _eg_
, the decision of this court in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael v Tianzon Lolita_ [1996]
1 SLR(R) 633 (“ _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_ ”), as well as the Singapore High Court
decisions of _Yow Mee_ _Lan v Chen Kai Buan_ [2000] 2 SLR(R) 659 (“ _Yow Mee_
_Lan_ ”), the Judgment, and _Sigrid Else Roger Marthe_ _Wauters v Lieven_
_Corneel Leo Raymond Van Den Brande_ [2011] SGHC 237), whilst in others a
different position appears to have been taken (see, _eg_ , the Singapore High
Court decisions of _Soon Geok Hong v Ong_ _Yeow_ _Tiong_ [1995] SGHC 78 (“
_Soon Geok Hong_ ”), _Lee Leh_ _Hua v Yip Kok Leong_ [1999] 1 SLR(R) 554 (“
_Lee Leh_ _Hua_ ”), _Wong Ser Wan v Ng Cheong Ling_ [2006] 1 SLR(R) 416 (“
_Wong Ser Wan_ ”), and _Wan Lai Cheng (HC)_).

30 However, in the recent decision of _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_ , this court
clarified (at [46] and [115]) that inter-spousal gifts of assets which do not
originate from a third-party gift or inheritance (_ie_ , “pure” inter-spousal
gifts, as referred to in _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_ at [41]) are _not_ “gifts” for
the purposes of s 112(10) of the Act, and therefore _constitute matrimonial
assets_ for division (“the general rule”). For the avoidance of doubt, all
references to “inter-spousal gift(s)” in this judgment refer to “pure” inter-
spousal gift(s).

31 The decision in _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_ effectively disposes of the main bulk
of the Wife’s appeal on this matter, save for her submission that even if
there is a general rule that inter-spousal gifts constitute matrimonial
assets, it would be inequitable or unconscionable for 32 SHD to be included
for division (citing _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ and _Wong Ser Wan_ as authority).[note:
10] The Wife’s submission on this point raises an important question which was
not raised (and thus not discussed _in_ _extenso_) in _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_ :
are there _exceptions_ to the general rule? Before addressing this substantive
question proper, we first pause to highlight two points of disagreement we
have with the Judge’s reasoning below.

Problematic aspects of the Judge’s reasoning

32 Although we are in agreement with the Judge’s _conclusion_ that an inter-
spousal gift should be included in the pool of matrimonial assets, there are
some elements in his _reasoning_ which we respectfully disagree with. None of
these errors, however, affects the _correct conclusion_ the Judge arrived at
in recognising that an inter-spousal gift constitutes a matrimonial asset for
the purposes of division. However, we see the need to address these problems
in the _reasoning_ in order to avoid their perpetuation in future cases.

33 Firstly, the Judge’s reasoning that “considering the gift at the third
stage enables the Court to give effect to the irrevocability of the inter-
spousal gift” (see the Judgment at [3]) is, in our view, mistaken. While the
Judge’s desire to “reconcile the law on matrimonial assets and the law of
property on gifts” (see the Judgment at [3]) is clear and understandable, his
reasoning reveals an equivocation on the meaning of an “irrevocable gift”. On
our understanding, an “irrevocable gift” refers to an act of transfer of an
asset which cannot be subsequently changed or undone by the donor. To “give
effect to the irrevocability of [a] gift” is, by definition, to ensure that
the donee retains the _full value_ of the gift, with no share of the gift or
any benefit in return accruing to the donor.

34 However, what has been mentioned at the end of the preceding paragraph is
precisely what _does not happen_ (both conceptually and practically) when the
court considers the gift _only_ at the _third stage_. By including the asset
in the _shared_ pool of matrimonial assets, apportioning to each spouse a
certain share of the total assets, and _only then_ considering the gift at the
stage of the actual division, the donee spouse would necessarily be made to
_forgo_ some assets (to the benefit of the donor spouse) in order to retain
the gift as part of the percentage share of the pool of matrimonial assets he
or she would, _in any case_ , have been _entitled to_. At best, one could
claim that considering the gift at the _third_ stage _preserves the form and
appearance_ of an irrevocable gift, but this is substantially very different
from the Judge’s claim that the irrevocability of the gift can be _given
effect to_.

35 Not surprisingly, the equivocation on the meaning of an “irrevocable gift”
can lead to _practical_ difficulties in application, as reflected in the very
example the Judge has chosen to illustrate his point (see the Judgment at
[3]):

At the first stage, the court assesses the matrimonial assets to be worth
$10m. There is a house worth $6m. Not the matrimonial home, the husband gives
it to the wife. The court decides at the second stage to divide the
matrimonial assets 60:40 between the husband and wife. At the third stage, the
court may order the house be given to the wife but that she will have to pay
$2m to the husband.

As the Wife rightfully questions in her written submissions before this court,
“how would [the wife] be able to pay S$2 million to [the husband] since she
would have no other assets?”[note: 11] In our view, this hypothetical
demonstrates exactly why it is not possible to “reconcile the law on
matrimonial assets and the law of property on gifts” simply by “giving effect”
to the gift at the _third stage_. A better solution would be to rely on _the
second stage_ to do justice to the donee spouse, as we will elaborate upon
below (see below at [41]-[43]).

36 Secondly, we disagree with the Judge’s reasoning which underlies his
critique of the approach suggested in _Wan Lai Cheng (HC)_ as to how an inter-
spousal gift should be taken into account. In _Wan Lai Cheng (HC)_ , the
court, having decided (wrongly, in our respectful view) that an inter-spousal
gift is not a matrimonial asset, relied on s 112(2)(_h_) of the Act to
consider “other financial resources which each of the parties ... has or is
likely to have” (under s 114(1)(_a_) of the Act) and thereby took the inter-
spousal gift into account after all whilst apportioning each party’s share of
the pool of matrimonial assets under the second stage (“the s 112(2)(_h_)
approach”).

37 Section 112(2)(_h_) of the Act reads as follows:

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

…

(_h_) the matters referred to in section 114(1) so far as they are relevant.

Section 114(1)(_a_) of the Act provides that one such factor is:

the income, earning capacity, property and other financial resources which
each of the parties to the marriage has or is likely to have in the
foreseeable future.

38 In our view, the Judge’s suggested justification that the s 112(2)(h)
approach is inferior because it is “not possible in a case where the parties
are litigating only on the division of matrimonial assets, without maintenance
being an issue” (see the Judgment at [6]) is, with respect, incorrect. Section
112(2)(h) of the Act is, in the context of the division of matrimonial assets,
operative independently of whether maintenance is at issue, since the
provision simply gives the court the discretion to consider the factors listed
in s 114(1) of the Act. We wish only to clarify, therefore, that a court which
is not dealing with an issue of maintenance can still consider the factors
listed in s 114(1) of the Act in dividing matrimonial assets pursuant to s
112(2)(h) of the Act.

The relevance of an inter-spousal gift at the second stage in determining a
“just and equitable” division

39 We now turn our attention to the substantive question mentioned earlier:
are there exceptions to the general rule (see above at [31])? Our answer to
this question will depend, as will be made clear, on how an inter-spousal gift
might be _relevant_ in the division of matrimonial assets. In our view, whilst
an inter-spousal gift should not be excluded from the pool of matrimonial
assets at the first stage, the _nature and context_ of the gift could be taken
into consideration at the _second stage_ (_ie_ , when the court decides on a
“just and equitable” division between the parties).

40 Sections 112(1) and 112(2) of the Act read:

(1) The court shall have power, when granting or subsequent to the grant of a
judgment of divorce, judicial separation or nullity of marriage, to order the
division between the parties of any matrimonial asset or the sale of any such
asset and the division between the parties of the proceeds of the sale of any
such asset _in such proportions as the court thinks just and equitable_.

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, _to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case_ , including the following matters: …

[emphasis added]

41 It has previously been held by this court that while the Act provides a
helpful list of matters (_viz_ , in s 112(2)(_a_)-(_h_)) that the court should
consider, the list is _not exhaustive_ as the court is entitled to have regard
to all the circumstances of the case in order to achieve a just and equitable
division of the matrimonial assets (see the decision of this court in _NK v
NL_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 743 (“ _NK v NL_ ”) at [20] and the recent Singapore High
Court decision in _AXW v AXX_ [2012] SGHC 121 at [12]-[13]). In our view, this
applies to the division of matrimonial assets constituting inter-spousal gifts
as well. In situations when it would be _clearly inequitable_ for a donor
spouse to be awarded a substantial share in the asset constituting the inter-
spousal gift (or in the form of other assets), the court can take such a
situation into consideration under s 112(1) and _award the donee spouse a
greater percentage of the overall matrimonial assets_ (“the s 112(1)
approach”). This is consistent with the view expressed in _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_
at [115] that:

… where the donor spouse clearly intends to permanently renounce his or her
beneficial interest in the asset transferred (that is to say, when a “pure”
inter-spousal gift is intended to be a true gift), the donor spouse may be
estopped from claiming any share in that asset when the court exercises its
discretion in equitably distributing the pool of matrimonial assets.

42 The s 112(1) approach may be contrasted with the Judge’s view below, which
is to consider inter-spousal gifts _at the third stage_. To reiterate, the
Judge’s approach (in ordering that the gifted asset forms part of the
percentage share awarded to the donee spouse) will not result in justice for
the donee spouse since such an approach is tantamount to the law giving the
donee spouse with one hand (_ie_ , the asset constituting the inter-spousal
gift) what it then takes away with the other (_ie_ , a smaller share of the
_other_ matrimonial assets).

43 Treating an inter-spousal gift as relevant only at the second stage also
avoids the potential injustice that could result if inter-spousal gifts are
excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets (_ie_ , the Wife’s position).
Should the Wife’s position be adopted, an injustice could easily result “if a
spouse had, during the course of the marriage, presented all of his/her
property as gifts to the other spouse [and thus be] left with nothing if the
marriage is terminated” (see Chen Siyuan, “Inter-spousal gifts as matrimonial
assets” in _Singapore Law Watch Commentary Issue 1/Oct 2011_ at p 3). In
contrast, by including an inter-spousal gift in the pool of matrimonial assets
and then factoring it (among other factors listed in s 112(2)) _upon the
objective standard of what is “just and equitable”_ , the court need not have
its hands tied by the possibly irrational or inequitable decision made by one
spouse to alienate the bulk of his or her assets to the other party prior to
the divorce.

Whether an exception to the general rule is required

44 Having established that any possible inequity resulting from an inter-
spousal gift being recognised as a matrimonial asset can be addressed _via_
the s 112(1) approach, we thereby _reject_ any argument proposing that an
inter-spousal gift should _not be included in the pool of matrimonial assets_
on the basis that it could be inequitable to do so. To reiterate, an inter-
spousal gift should _always_ be included in the pool of matrimonial assets
(subject to the one exception which we will elaborate on below at [45]-[49]),
and it is only at the point of the apportionment of each spouse’s share that
the court can exercise its discretion to address any inequity. We have come to
the view that there should only be one exception to the general rule, _viz_ ,
_de minimis_ inter-spousal gifts, while all other “exceptions” (as established
in _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ and _Wong Ser Wan_) should no longer be followed.

(1) _De minimis_ gifts constitute an exception to the general rule

45 The Singapore High Court decision of _Soon Geok Hong_ – as _interpreted and
understood_ in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_ – constitutes the only true (and
justifiable) exception to the general rule. In _Soon Geok Hong_ , an issue
arose as to how some watches, jewellery and cash alleged to have been given by
the husband to the wife should be treated. The court held as follows:

With regard to the alleged gifts of the watches, jewellery and money, I will
make two points. First, I doubted that those gifts were made. Second, if they
were made, I am of the view that _when gifts of this nature are made between
spouses, it must be implied that the donor will not seek or be entitled to any
share in them if the marriage is dissolved_. [emphasis added]

46 However, the opinion just referred to was subsequently questioned by this
court in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_ , where L P Thean JA opined (at [11]) that
“the learned judge [in _Soon Geok Hong_]… did not discuss the principles
underlying his conclusion”. Thean JA then established the general rule which
we have agreed with (see _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_ at [12]).

47 Importantly, Thean JA then observed thus (at [13]):

For practical purposes, minor items of gift such as dresses and even jewellery
of no substantial value, are normally considered as _de minimis_ and are not
taken into account. There is no reason why gifts of substantial value, such as
a motor car, landed property and investments, which were acquired by one
spouse during the marriage and given to the other should not be taken into
account in the division, as they fall within s 106. In such case, it would be
necessary to investigate whether such gifts were acquired by the sole effort
of one spouse or by the joint efforts of both.

48 Strictly speaking, it is unclear whether the observations made by Thean JA
above could be understood as a _re-interpretation_ of _Soon Geok Hong_ that
the gifts in the latter case were “considered as _de minimis_ ” in the first
place. Even so, subsequent case law (see the Singapore High Court decision of
_Tay Ang Choo Nancy v Yeo Chong Lin_ [2010] SGHC 126 (“ _Tay Ang Choo Nancy_
”) at [48]) and academic commentary (see Leong Wai Kum, _Elements of Family
Law in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2007) (“ _Leong_ ”) at p 602) have understood
Thean JA to be establishing the following _practical_ exception: the court, in
determining the pool of matrimonial assets, can exercise its discretion to
exclude _de minimis_ inter-spousal gifts from that pool. In the nature of
things, such gifts would tend to be highly personal in nature (_eg_ ,
jewellery).

49 In our view, this exception is desirable and should be retained as it
prevents the lower courts from being overly burdened by petty arguments over
gifts of this nature. We would, however, add that whether or not a gift is
considered to be _de minimis_ for the purpose of the present exception would
depend very much on the precise factual matrix before the court. For example,
the monetary value of a gift, whilst ostensibly high, might still be
considered to be _de minimis_ when viewed in the context of the overall pool
of matrimonial assets (_cf Tay Ang Choo Nancy_ at [48] and (on appeal) the
decision of this court in _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang Choo Nancy_ [2011] 2 SLR
1157 at [52]).

(2) “Proprietary interests” do _not_ constitute an exception to the general
rule

50 In _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ , the husband was found to have given the sales proceeds
of the matrimonial flat to the wife as compensation for his commission of
adultery. On that basis, the High Court excluded the sales proceeds from the
pool of matrimonial assets and stated the following proposition (at [27]):

Accordingly, in a case where the events before the divorce petition clearly
establish that one party was entitled to an asset _as of right_ the court
ought not allow the other party to ask the court to exercise its power under s
112 of the Women’s Charter. So in this case the court cannot vary the vested
interest of the wife by invoking s 112(1) of the Women’s Charter. [emphasis
added]

51 In our view, the proposition stated in the preceding paragraph is
inconsistent with the s 112(1) approach and should no longer be followed. We
also note that _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ was – at the time of its release – already
inconsistent with the earlier holding of this court in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_
which had disapproved of the approach to exclude inter-spousal gifts at the
first stage. On the academic front, _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ has been criticised on the
ground that “if read literally, [it] could mean a very restrictive approach
[to the division of matrimonial assets]” (see Koh Juat Jong, “Family Justice –
Developments since 1996” in _Developments in Singapore Law between 1996 and
2000_ (Kenneth Tan Wee Kheng gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2001), pp 535-572
at p 555). Subsequently, Prof Leong Wai Kum (“Prof Leong”) has also raised
concerns about a possible consequence of _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ , _ie_ , that “the
power to divide [matrimonial assets] may no longer be available where the
respective spouses’ proprietary interests are clear” (see _Leong_ at p 557).
She then argued (at pp 557-558) that:

[t]he power to divide matrimonial assets [should remain] available to both
spouses even if both spouses’ entitlement to an asset is clear … The purpose
of the exercise of that power is to ensure that both spouses receive due
credit for their contributions to the acquisition of the property that is a
matrimonial asset. Ensuring due credit will often require the court to order
division in proportions that do not mirror the parties’ entitlement under
property law that generally only credits financial contributions. The purpose
of the exercise of the power to divide matrimonial assets, therefore, is not
fulfilled just because the parties’ proprietary interests are clear. The
purpose is fulfilled, given that the power should be exercised in broad
strokes, only where the parties have already made reasonable division between
themselves by private agreement. In this case, it could be said that their
oral agreement under which the wife should have the entire proceeds of sale
was such a privately arranged reasonable division. It would have been
preferred if this were offered as the reason for declining to exercise the
power to divide.

52 We broadly agree with the learned analysis of Prof Leong, save for her
apparent agreement with the decision in _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ not to include the
asset in the pool of matrimonial assets. As mentioned earlier, an inter-
spousal gift of a matrimonial asset always remains a matrimonial asset
(subject to the _de minimis_ gift exception). The fact that the parties have
“already made reasonable division between themselves by private agreement”
should only come into play – if appropriate – at the _second stage_ _via_ s
112(1). While the _eventual result_ reached by the High Court in _Lee Leh_
_Hua_ might have been “just and equitable”, the same result could easily have
been arrived at if the court had given full (or close to full) effect to the
inter-spousal gift _via_ s 112(1) _by awarding the wife a much larger share of
the pool of matrimonial assets_.

(3) The “inequity of a situation” does not constitute an exception to the
general rule

53 Finally, we consider the Singapore High Court decision in _Wong Ser Wan_ ,
which the Wife also cites as authority to support her view that 32 SHD should
not be included as a matrimonial asset because doing so would be inequitable
or unconscionable.[note: 12]

54 In _Wong Ser Wan_ , the parties drafted a financial agreement (“the FA”)
dealing with the ownership and division of certain matrimonial assets years
prior to their divorce. Finding that the FA was a document entered into on the
husband’s part to _prevent a divorce_ from taking place (by providing
financial security to the wife and thus inducing her to withdraw the former
divorce petition), the High Court came to the conclusion that some of the FA
assets _should not_ be brought into the pool of matrimonial assets for
division because (at [76]):

… [the] gifts made to the wife under the [FA] were made for the specific
purpose of inducing the wife to act in a certain way, She did so. I think that
it would be inequitable to allow the husband to retract these gifts now even
though his financial circumstances may have changed for the worse. In fact,
one of the purposes of the gifts must have been to insulate the wife from
reverses in the husband's finances since she wanted a certain level of
security and he was prepared to give her the same in the circumstances that
then existed.

55 This decision of the High Court to carve out an exception when it would be
“inequitable to allow [a spouse] to retract the gifts” has, unlike the
decision in _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ , found academic support. Prof Leong has justified
the decision in _Wong Ser Wan_ in the following manner (see _Leong_ at p 622):

[I]n fairness to the wife [in _Wong Ser Wan_], she was given these properties
by the husband in compensation for her putting off the planned termination of
the marriage. If she were to return these properties, the husband would gain
by having had the extra time he obtained to make his arrangements regarding
his other properties and the wife would be doubly penalized by the change in
the Husband’s fortunes during this time. _The facts were therefore unusual. In
more usual circumstances, it would generally be expected that gifts between
spouses can return to the fold as matrimonial assets_ and thus available for
division. [emphasis added]

56 With respect, _in the light of the s 112(1) approach_ , we are of the view
that the “inequity” exception as set out in _Wong Ser Wan_ should, as was the
case with the “proprietary interests” exception in _Lee Leh_ _Hua_ , no longer
be followed. The “inequity” exception in _Wong Ser Wan_ is _unnecessary_
because s 112(1) itself already permits the court to consider the equity of
allowing a donor spouse to benefit from an inter-spousal gift when
apportioning the matrimonial assets between the parties. To illustrate the
point, adding the assets in the FA back into the pool of matrimonial assets
will not lead to an injustice to the wife in _Wong Ser Wan_ so long as the
court is prepared to give her a larger share of the pool of matrimonial assets
at the second stage _via_ s 112(1). Indeed, in addition to the result arrived
at being in effect the same, it might be argued that the s 112(1) approach and
the exception set out in _Wong Ser Wan_ might well have been, in the final
analysis, the same in substance. Be that as it may, it seems to us that the s
112(1) approach is more principled in so far as it derives its authority from
the (key) provision (_viz_ , s 112(1)). It bears noting that the entire
_raison d’être_ underlying s 112 in general and s 112(1) in particular is to
ensure _a just and equitable division_ of matrimonial assets utilising a
_broad-brush_ approach (see, _eg_ , the decision of this court in _NK v NL_ at
[68]).

The possible utilisation of s 112(2)(e) of the Act (“s 112(2)(e)”)

57 While we are of the view that s 112(1) gives the court a discretion to
address any possible inequity arising from the recognition of inter-spousal
gifts as matrimonial assets, it is arguable that a more direct route in
dealing with inter-spousal gifts in the division of matrimonial assets would
be to rely on s 112(2)(_e_) (“the s 112(2)(_e_) approach”). Under the s
112(2)(_e_) approach, _an inter-spousal gift is relevant in the division of
matrimonial assets if it also constitutes an agreement made in contemplation
of divorce between the parties with respect to the ownership and division of
the asset(s) in question._

58 Section 112(2)(_e_) reads as follows:

(2) It shall be the duty of the court in deciding whether to exercise its
powers under subsection (1) and, if so, in what manner, to have regard to all
the circumstances of the case, including the following matters:

…

(e) any agreement between the parties with respect to the ownership and
division of the matrimonial assets made in contemplation of divorce.

59 The s 112(2)(_e_) approach is premised upon an unusually broad meaning
being attached to the phrase “agreement between the parties”. We note that
this interpretation and utilisation of s 112(2)(_e_) (to cover inter-spousal
gifts) was first mooted by Debbie Ong and Valerie Thean in “Family Law” (2000)
1 SAL Ann Rev 180 at 194 (see also Debbie Ong “When a Spouse Gives the Other a
Gift: How the Law Treats Inter-Spousal Gifts When Dividing Matrimonial
Assets”, _Singapore Law Gazette_ (April 2012), p 12 and Debbie Ong in “Family
Law” (2011) 12 SAL Ann Rev 298 at 310); and it is arguably in sync with the
_raison d’être_ of s 112(2)(_e_) – which exists to allow the court to “take
into account the parties’ intention” when dividing matrimonial assets (see Lim
Hui Min, “Matrimonial Asset Division: The Art of Achieving a Just and
Equitable Result” in _SAL Conference 2011: Developments in Singapore Law
between 2006 and 2010_ (Yeo Tiong Min, Hans Tjio & Tang Hang Wu gen eds)
(Singapore Academy of Law, 2011) (“ _Lim_ ”), pp 191-243 at p 215).

60 However, it remains unclear to us whether the legislature had intended the
phrase “agreement between the parties” in s 112(2)(_e_) to be interpreted so
widely as to cover even an unilateral gift. Such an interpretation seems to go
against a plain and straightforward reading of s 112(2)(_e_), a provision more
likely to have been drafted with the scenario of _both_ spouses entering into
a formal, written financial agreement (as in _Wong Ser Wan_) or deed of
separation in mind. Be that as it may, since this issue was not argued before
us by the parties in the present case, we are inclined to leave it open to be
decided in a more appropriate case when the issue does in fact arise squarely
for decision before this court.

61 Nevertheless, the reference to s 112(2)(_e_) by the learned authors above
(at [59]) has provided a helpful insight into when it could be said that
allowing a donor spouse to benefit from an inter-spousal gift is _inequitable_
under the _s 112(1) approach_. It is important to highlight that, under s
112(2)(_e_), only agreements which are drafted “ _in contemplation of divorce_
” should be considered by the court. Even though we have some doubts as to
whether unilateral, inter-spousal gifts can be included under s 112(2)(_e_)
(see above at [60]), the crucial condition that the transfer of property must
have been made _in contemplation of divorce_ should, in our view, analytically
refine the otherwise amorphous meaning of “inequity” in dealing with inter-
spousal gifts under the s 112(1) approach. This will ensure coherence
throughout the Act towards the pre-divorce disposition of properties (such
dispositions would include inter-spousal gifts and financial agreements)
between the spouses, for whether the transfer of property to the other spouse
was effected _via_ a unilateral gift or a mutually binding agreement, it would
only be relevant _under the second stage_ if the property was transferred _in
contemplation of divorce_. Thus, we are of the view that an inter-spousal gift
should be relevant under the s 112(1) approach _only if it was evidentially
certain_ that the gift was made _in contemplation of divorce_ , such that
allowing the donor spouse to benefit from it would be _clearly inequitable_.
Crucially, it should not frequently be held that allowing the donor spouse to
benefit from an inter-spousal gift is inequitable, for that would effectively
contradict the very principle behind the general rule as stated in _Yeo Gim
Tong Michael_ (at [12]), as follows:

The spouse who made the gift would have no doubt expended moneys in acquiring
it. The fact that the gift was contemporaneously or immediately thereafter or
later transferred to the other spouse does not affect the original acquisition
of the gift. Such a gift was nonetheless acquired by the donor and not the
recipient, and if it was acquired during the marriage it would fall within the
class of assets covered by [s 112].

The same approach has also been mentioned in _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_ (at [40]):

An _inter-spousal_ gift embodies, by _its_ _very nature_ , the _initial_
effort expended by the donor spouse in, as this court put it in _Yeo Gim Tong
Michael_ (at [12]), “the original acquisition of [the] gift”. If, therefore,
such a gift were excluded from the pool of matrimonial assets, this initial
effort expended by the donor spouse would simultaneously be denied recognition
– a result which prompted this court in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_ to arrive at
the decision that an inter-spousal gift ought to remain as part of the pool of
matrimonial assets. This decision is, in our view, just and equitable inasmuch
as the result is that whilst the ownership of an inter-spousal gift now
resides in the donee spouse as a result of the transfer of that gift by the
donor spouse, the initial effort of the donor spouse is nevertheless
acknowledged and recognised – thus achieving a _balance_. [emphasis in
original]

62 Therefore, given the donor spouse’s initial effort in acquiring the asset,
it is _prima facie equitable_ for the donor spouse to be subsequently entitled
to a share of it in the division of matrimonial assets. Save in exceptional
situations – _ie_ , a gift made with the _clear intention_ that the donee
spouse will retain the beneficial interest of the asset upon divorce – the
fact that a matrimonial asset constitutes an inter-spousal gift should not be
given disproportionate weightage in the division of matrimonial assets where
other important factors (_viz_ , financial and non-financial contributions of
both spouses) are to be considered as well.

63 With the foregoing in mind, we turn now to the facts of the present
appeals. Following the s 112(1) approach, we have to consider whether it can
be said that it would be clearly inequitable for the Husband to benefit from
the division of 32 SHD such that the Wife should be entitled to a larger share
in the division of matrimonial assets between the parties.

Application of the law to the facts

64 As a preliminary matter, we agree with the Judge’s finding of fact that the
Husband had made a gift of his share in 32 SHD to the Wife. The Husband did
not dispute that there was a sale and purchase agreement (dated 29 January
2007),[note: 13] followed by a title deed transfer (dated 10 April 2007)
evidencing the transfer of the Husband’s 40% share of 32 SHD to the
Wife.[note: 14] The documentary evidence therefore supports the Wife’s case to
the extent that a gift of the Husband’s 40% share of 32 SHD had been made in
her favour, as the Husband has not explained what his act of signing the sale
and purchase agreement and the title deed transfer could _otherwise_ mean
legally if it was not to be characterised as a gift. We therefore dismiss the
Husband’s claim that there was no gift at all.

65 However, we note that the parties are in serious dispute as to _the purpose
behind and the circumstances surrounding the Husband’s transfer of his share
in 32 SHD to the Wife_. As mentioned in [7] above, it is the Wife’s case that
the Husband had committed adultery and had given her 32 SHD to persuade her
not to end the marriage and also to compensate her for his wrongdoing.[note:
15] The Husband, however, argues that he had severed his share in 32 SHD only
to make the Wife feel more secure as she had continually harassed him when he
told her that he wanted to set up his own business.[note: 16]

66 Having examined the totality of the evidence, we are of the view that the
intentions of the parties with regard to _the purpose_ _behind and the_
_circumstances surrounding_ the gift of the Husband’s share in 32 SHD are
objectively unclear. Since it is the Wife who seeks to exclude the Husband
from benefitting from 32 SHD in the division of matrimonial assets, the burden
is on her to convince this court that allowing the Husband to benefit from 32
SHD would be clearly inequitable. However, the Wife’s account strikes us as
being unreliable, given that her claim was that 32 SHD was given to her by the
Husband “to persuade her not to end the marriage”. The transfer of the
Husband’s share of 32 SHD took place months after the Husband had moved out of
the family home in Shanghai,[note: 17] and there is no supporting evidence
that, upon the Husband moving out of the family home, both parties had
attempted to reconcile and preserve the marriage. In fact, the 2006 Deed and
the 2007 Deed were entered into after the Husband had moved out of the family
home, acts which certainly do not suggest that the parties had any
reconciliatory intentions. More importantly, the Wife’s account that the gift
was made “to persuade her not to end the marriage” also stands in
contradiction to the scenario in _Lee Leh_ _Hua_. In the circumstances, _given
the ambiguity (and unreliability) of the Wife’s evidence_ , we are not
persuaded that it will be clearly inequitable for the Husband to be given a
share of 32 SHD in the division of matrimonial assets.

Conclusion on the inter-spousal gift issue

67 In the result, we uphold the Judge’s decision to include 32 SHD as a
matrimonial asset for the purposes of division. The Wife’s arguments that an
inter-spousal gift does not constitute a matrimonial asset and/or that an
exception to the general rule that an inter-spousal gift constitutes a
matrimonial asset applies in the present case are accordingly rejected.

68 As explained above, whilst we affirm the general rule, we also recognise
that the presence of an inter-spousal gift in the pool of matrimonial assets
_might_ enlarge the donee spouse’s share of the overall matrimonial assets
_via_ s 112(1) given the right circumstances – _ie_ , strong evidence
suggesting that the gift was intended by the donor spouse to vest beneficially
with the donee spouse _upon divorce_ , so much so that it would be clearly
inequitable for the donor spouse to benefit from it. However, in the present
case, there is ambiguity in the Wife’s evidence in relation to _the purpose
behind_ _and the circumstances surrounding_ the inter-spousal gift of 32 SHD.
Her evidence therefore fails to convince us that it would be clearly
inequitable for the Husband to benefit from receiving a share of 32 SHD in the
division of matrimonial assets. The Wife’s appeal against the Judge’s
treatment of 32 SHD is therefore dismissed.

Issue 3

The value of the La Salle Property

69 At [7(c)] of the Judgment, the Judge calculated the net value of the La
Salle Property as $800,000 (_ie_ , $2,400,000 (market value) less $1,600,000
(outstanding housing loan)). Although these were the very figures submitted by
the Husband in his written submissions dated 6 May 2011 before the
Judge,[note: 18] the Husband sought a hearing for “clarification of some of
the orders made in the Judgment”[note: 19] almost immediately after the
Judgment was released to point out the “error on the outstanding loan for the
La Salle property”.[note: 20] The Judge heard both parties in chambers on 11
October 2011 but made no orders in relation to whether the value of the La
Salle Property was indeed accurately calculated.

70 The Husband submits that the $1,600,000 figure accepted by the Judge is
incorrect as the total housing loan granted was actually $1,920,000.[note: 21]
The La Salle Property is under a progress payment scheme where different
percentages of the purchase price (_ie_ , $2,400,000) are to be paid according
to a payment schedule under a sale and purchase agreement with the
developer.[note: 22] The Husband has only paid the down-payment of $480,000.
Each time a progress payment was due, the Husband’s solicitors would write in
to the mortgagee bank requesting for a corresponding loan amount to be
disbursed to the developer.[note: 23] The Husband thus clarified in his
submissions before the Judge in chambers that only $1,560,000 of the housing
loan had actually been disbursed, but _another $360,000 was due to be
disbursed – $312,000 by 24 October 2011 and $48,000 upon completion of the
purchase of the La Salle Property_.[note: 24] In fact, on 10 October 2011, the
developers called for the $312,000 payment, and the Husband drew down this sum
from the mortgagee bank to settle this payment.[note: 25]

71 In our view, the _outstanding liability_ of the La Salle Property _as at
February 2011_ was indeed $1,920,000 (whether or not _the loan amount
disbursed_ is $1,560,000, $1,600,000 or $1,920,000). We therefore agree with
the Husband to the extent that the additional $360,000 was part of the _total
outstanding liability_ all along, but it simply had not been drawn down yet
because the final progress payment had not been called by the developer.
Practically speaking, had the Husband sold the La Salle Property in February
2011, _he would still have had to deduct from his sale proceeds the
outstanding $360,000 to pay the developer_.[note: 26] This goes to show that
the disputed $360,000 cannot be considered _an asset_ of the parties as at
February 2011.

72 While it might be inaccurate to have characterised the disputed $360,000 as
an “outstanding _mortgage loan_ ” as at February 2011, the fact remains that
the _net value_ of the La Salle Property (_ie_ , the amount the Husband had
already paid for) as at February 2011 stood at $480,000 instead of the
$800,000 accepted by the Judge. Interestingly, we observe that $480,000 was
also the figure the Wife was prepared to accept as the valuation of the La
Salle Property in her various written submissions in the courts below.[note:
27]

73 For the foregoing reasons, we allow the Husband’s appeal against the
Judge’s valuation of the La Salle Property and order that the net value of the
property be decreased from $800,000 to $480,000. The decrease in $320,000 of
the valuation of the La Salle Property will thus proportionately lower the
lump sum cash payment due to the Wife from the Husband as ordered by the Judge
in the division of matrimonial assets (see [115] below).

Past Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) contributions towards 32 SHD

74 The Husband also submits that his past CPF contributions towards the
purchase of 32 SHD ($589,646.95) should be included in the pool of matrimonial
assets, on the basis that this amount was “effectively awarded [to] the Wife”
if it was not added into the pool of matrimonial assets under the first
stage.[note: 28]

75 In our view, the Husband’s argument on this point is without merit. As the
Wife rightly argues in response, “a _net value_ of a property has _already_
taken into account all previous payments for this property (including CPF
contributions)” [emphasis in original].[note: 29] The Husband’s past CPF
contributions constitute the reason why the outstanding loan of 32 SHD stood
_only_ at $111,377.53 before the Judge below. To add back into the pool of
matrimonial assets his past CPF contributions would certainly constitute
double-counting. We therefore dismiss the Husband’s attempt to include the sum
of $589,646.95 in the pool of matrimonial assets.

Outstanding loan on 32 SHD

76 At a subsequent hearing in chambers after the Judge had released the
Judgment, the Judge ordered the outstanding loan on 32 SHD to be serviced by
both parties on a 50:50 basis.[note: 30] The Husband appeals against this
order, while the Wife seeks to raise the same responses as the ones she
employed above to prevent the Husband from double-counting his past CPF
contributions towards 32 SHD.

77 Contrary to the Wife’s arguments, there is, in our view, a crucial
difference between the _retrospective_ CPF contributions towards a property
and the _prospective_ servicing of the loan of a property. We agree with the
Husband’s basic point that requesting the Husband to continue to service the
loan of a property he will no longer own or benefit from is essentially to
shift his share of the matrimonial assets to the benefit of the Wife.
Subsequent to the divorce, when the outstanding loan is decreased by both
parties’ payments, it will be the Wife _solely_ who will stand to benefit from
the increase in the value of the property. Save in exceptional circumstances,
there is no reason why the Husband should continue to service the outstanding
loan, in whatever percentages, for a property he would no longer own or
benefit from.

78 Given that the Wife will be awarded a reasonable amount of maintenance, and
also a lump sum cash payment of $448,246.325 from the division of matrimonial
assets (see below at [115]), we are of the view that it will be comfortably
within the Wife’s means to service the _full_ outstanding loan of $111,377.53
for 32 SHD alone. Therefore, we reverse the Judge’s decision in chambers that
both parties service the outstanding loan on 32 SHD on a 50:50 basis, and
order that the Wife service the outstanding loan on her own.

Issue 4

79 The Husband’s main argument on appeal is directed against the Judge’s
apportionment of the matrimonial assets on a 50:50 basis. He submits that a
50:50 division of the matrimonial assets was not a just and equitable decision
in accordance with s 112(1).

80 It is trite law that an appellate court will generally be reluctant to
interfere in the order made by the lower court on the apportionment and
division of matrimonial assets unless it can be demonstrated that the lower
court has committed an error of law or principle, or has failed to appreciate
certain crucial facts (see, _eg_ , the decision of this court in _Koh Bee Choo
v Choo Chai Huah_ [2007] SGCA 21 at [46]). To succeed in his appeal, the
Husband must be able to demonstrate that the Judge “misapplied a principle of
law, or had clearly made an error of fact that was not only obvious, but also
significant, and, thereby, rendered the consequence unfair to the parties”
(see the Singapore High Court decision of _MZ v NA_ [2006] SGHC 95 at [5]).

81 Having considered the relevant authorities and the Husband’s submissions,
we are of the view that the Judge has not made any serious error such that his
apportionment should be varied. On the contrary, the Judge’s decision to
apportion the matrimonial assets on a 50:50 basis can be _further anchored_ by
reasons not mentioned in the Judgment.

The current trend: Approximating equality for the homemaker for long marriages
with children

82 The Husband’s argument in this appeal to the effect that the Wife should be
awarded _merely 14.3%_ of the overall total assets[note: 31] is wholly against
the current trend of giving proper recognition to the contributions of the
homemaker in a family. In 2007, Prof Leong wrote about the “established guide
that a homemaker wife can expect to receive no less than 35% of the surplus
wealth of the marital partnership” as evidence of “the courts … coming close
to according non-financial contribution equal value as financial contribution”
(see _Leong_ at p 668). The learned author also observed that “homemaker wives
who served their roles for 20 years or longer have received 50% or even more”
(see _Leong_ at p 696).

83 In 2011, Ms Lim Hui Min was also led to observe that, _for marriages ten
years or longer_ , “even an “ordinary” homemaker [with children] can receive
up to 50% of the matrimonial assets without having contributed financially to
their acquisition” (see _Lim_ at p 227). She therefore hypothesised that the
current trend appears to be to award a stay-at-home wife with children “about
40-50% of the matrimonial asset pool, [even] if [the wife] did not have direct
financial contributions” (see _Lim_ at p 238).

84 In our view, the Husband could arrive at such an unreasonably low figure to
be awarded to the Wife – and even cite cases that appear to support his view –
because his suggested approach to the division of matrimonial assets is
fundamentally flawed. The Husband’s approach (which has also filtered into his
interpretation of the cases he cites) is one where the direct financial
contributions of a spouse are first calculated, before the value of non-
financial contributions is added as a form of “uplift” to the former figure.
This translates into the Wife – who did not work and therefore did not provide
any direct financial contribution – being awarded, as a starting point, 0% of
the matrimonial assets. However, such an approach has already been
categorically disapproved of by this court in _NK v NL_ , as the division of
matrimonial assets in s 112 “does not simply entail a mathematical process of
returning to the parties their respective direct financial contributions _plus
a percentage of indirect contributions_ ” (at [47]) [emphasis added]. It also
militates against this court’s holding that “direct financial contributions
are not to be considered as a _prima facie_ starting point” (see _Pang
Rosaline v Chan Kong Chin_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 935 (“ _Pang Rosaline_ ”) at [23]).

85 Although it has been stated by this court that equality in division is
_not_ the starting point or the norm in the division of matrimonial assets
between spouses (see _Lock Yeng Fun v Chua Hock Chye_ [2007] 3 SLR(R) 520 (“
_Lock Yeng Fun_ ”) at [57]), it also remains true that the “courts would
nevertheless not hesitate to award half (or even more than half) of the
matrimonial assets if such a decision is justified on the facts” (_Lock Yeng
Fun_ at [58]). This is especially so in _long marriages_ where “the law
acknowledges the equally important contributions of the homemaker to the
partnership of marriage” (see _NK v NL_ at [41]), as the academic commentators
above (at [82]-[83]) have helpfully observed.

86 It has also been established that the courts are entitled to adopt a broad-
brush approach to arrive at a just and equitable division between the parties
(_NK v NL_ at [68] as well as above at [55]), and this gels with the general
reluctance of the appellate courts to interfere in the order made by lower
courts on the apportionment and division of matrimonial assets. In the context
of these principles cited and the trend observed, we are of the view that the
following reasons below will sufficiently justify the Judge’s decision to
award the Wife a 50% share of the matrimonial assets.

The Wife’s non-financial contributions

(1) Length of marriage

87 As there is a trend in awarding the homemaker wife a greater proportion of
the matrimonial assets in longer marriages (see the Singapore High Court
decision of _Chan Yuen Boey v Sia Hee Soon_ [2012] SGHC 92 at [33]), the
Husband attempts to persuade us that the effective length of marriage lasted
only 17 years instead of the 28 years which the Judge had considered. He
claims that their marriage had already broken down in or around 1999 (after 17
years of marriage) – which was when the parties signed the 1999 Deed.[note:
32] In the circumstances, he argues that the Wife’s non-financial
contributions had effectively lasted only for 17 years.

88 We reject the Husband’s argument as it is inconsistent with this court’s
decisions in _Yeo Gim Tong Michael_ at [7] and _Chan Teck Hock David v Leong
Mei Chuan_ [2002] 1 SLR(R) 76 at [31]-[33]. Both cases have established that
the non-financial contributions of a wife should not be taken to have ceased
prior to the interim judgment date even if the relationship had broken down
much earlier, especially if the wife’s contributions to the family remained
largely the same and/or her contributions allowed the husband to focus on his
career, as was clearly so in the present case.

(2) The domestic helper

89 The Husband then submits that the Wife did not take care of the household
chores because these were left to the domestic helper.[note: 33] Once again,
this argument ignores established authorities which have held that ensuring
the smooth running of the household by training, managing and supervising the
execution of duties assigned to domestic helpers is at least as essential and
important as the direct performance of the chores itself (see, _eg_ , the
decision of this court in _Pang Rosaline_ at [20]). Unsurprisingly, this is
not only a principle recognised in Singapore but can be found in Australian
case law as well (see, _eg_ , Dorothy Kovacs, _Family Property Proceedings in
Australia_ (Butterworths, 1992) at p 205).

(3) The Wife’s allegedly intolerable behaviour

90 The Husband also seeks to persuade us that the Wife was not a supportive
and good wife during the marriage as her behaviour had caused him great
distress.[note: 34] According to the Husband, this means that it cannot be
said that the Wife made substantial non-financial contributions to the family
during the marriage.[note: 35]

91 We reject, once again, the Husband’s feeble attempt to downplay the Wife’s
non-financial contributions. Firstly, the Husband’s claim is completely
unsubstantiated by any _objective_ evidence. Secondly, _even if_ the Husband’s
allegations are true, they are irrelevant in determining the Wife’s non-
financial contributions _to the household_. The fact of the matter remains
that the Wife had, for more than two decades, managed the household and taken
care of the Children (especially when the Husband was at work or away) –
efforts which are corroborated by the older daughter’s affidavit in this
case,[note: 36] and which the Husband did (and could) _not_ reasonably deny.

The Husband’s alleged non-financial contributions

92 Besides attempting to downplay the Wife’s non-financial contributions, the
Husband also argues that he had made “significant non-financial contributions
to the marriage” which, in his view, were not properly taken into account by
the Judge in the court below.[note: 37] However, besides the Husband’s
unsubstantiated claim that he had helped with the household chores and planned
the family holidays, there is little to demonstrate that he had made
_significant non-financial contributions_ at all. In fact, the Husband’s claim
is rendered very unreliable considering how his older daughter has described
him as an absent father in her affidavit.[note: 38]

The unaccounted three sums

93 Even if all the reasons mentioned above (at [82]-[92]) do not entitle the
Wife to 50% of the matrimonial assets, we are of the view that an adverse
inference to be drawn against the Husband for his failure to explain the
disappearance of three different sums of money (“the unaccounted three sums”)
would more than justify the 50:50 division ordered by the Judge. This is in
accordance with the earlier decision of this court that when no explanation
has been provided as to the whereabouts of a significant sum of assets, “it
might be more just and equitable (not to mention, practical) to order a higher
proportion of the _known_ assets to be given to the [other party]” (see _NK v
NL_ at [62]).

94 In her appeal, the Wife brought to this court’s attention the unaccounted
three sums (totalling a significant amount of $840,925.79) which are as
follows:[note: 39]

(a) The Husband’s 2010 bonus worth $555,695;

(b) A sum of $185,341.23 which the Wife claims to have unaccountably
disappeared from one of the Husband’s bank accounts in the period between 31
May 2010 and 1 November 2010; and

(c) A sum of $99,889.56 which the Wife claims to have unaccountably
disappeared from both of the Husband’s bank accounts in the period between 25
November 2010 and 15 February 2011.

95 It is the Wife’s case that the Husband had failed to make full and frank
disclosure of the aforementioned assets. She therefore requested that an
adverse inference be drawn against him by including the _full value_ of the
unaccounted three sums (_ie_ , $840,925.79) into the pool of matrimonial
assets.[note: 40]

96 In response, the Husband submits that:

(a) For the 2010 bonus, it “would have also been credited into the same bank
account”;[note: 41] and that the Wife cannot claim a share of the bonus in the
division of matrimonial assets because her claim for maintenance already
includes consideration of the bonus.[note: 42]

(b) Generally, he had expended the said amount for legitimate purposes, which,
according to the Husband, consists of “substantial legitimate monthly
outgoings” and also his “substantial payments towards the children’s
educational and other expenses”.[note: 43]

97 In our view, the Husband has failed to provide a satisfactory explanation
as to the whereabouts of the unaccounted three sums, and an adverse inference
should therefore be drawn against the Husband for his failure to disclose
these assets.

98 Firstly, the fact that the Husband’s bonus was considered _for the purposes
of maintenance_ is a completely separate matter from the issue of the
whereabouts of his bonus for the _purposes of pooling together and valuing the
matrimonial assets_. By admitting that the 2010 bonus “would have also been
credited into the same bank account”, the Husband owes the Wife and this court
an explanation as to where it had gone to. The Husband, after all, is not
arguing that the 2010 Bonus had not been credited into his accounts by 14
February 2011. The whereabouts of the massive $555,695 bonus therefore remains
unaccounted for.

99 Secondly, while listing out his “legitimate monthly outgoings” as an
explanation for the unaccounted three sums, the Husband has failed to consider
that his _net basic_ _monthly income_ (which he claims to be $31,500 per
month,[note: 44] a figure disputed by the Wife as being severely
understated[note: 45]) would have more or less covered his alleged monthly
outgoings – which, _based on his own figures_ , adds up to $34,743.[note: 46]
It is important to note that the unaccounted three sums were basically
calculated from a sudden deduction of the Husband’s _savings_. Thus, unless
his “legitimate monthly outgoings” far surpassed his net basic monthly income,
the unaccounted three sums still remain unaccounted for.

100 Finally, the Husband also claims that his contributions towards the
“children’s educational and other expenses” (a list of items totalling
$255,005.03) can account for the unaccounted three sums.[note: 47] However,
having looked closely at the references cited by the Husband for each alleged
item, we are of the view that the submitted figure of $255,005.03 is largely
unsubstantiated by the evidence. Some of the items which the Husband has cited
relate to payments made before the relevant period (_ie_ , before 31 May 2010)
or are simply inaccurately referenced,[note: 48] whilst others contain
references which do not substantiate the items claimed[note: 49] or involve
double-counting.[note: 50] In the result, a large proportion of the
unaccounted three sums still remains mathematically unaccounted for by the
Husband.

101 While we are sympathetic to the Husband’s counter-argument that a mere
deduction in the balance of a spouse’s bank accounts should not necessarily
lead to the inference that the spouse must be hiding his or her assets,[note:
51] we are equally troubled by the failure of the Husband to provide _any_
_credible explanation_ as to the whereabouts of the unaccounted three sums. We
are therefore persuaded that the Husband has not made full and frank
disclosure of his assets, and that a higher proportion of the disclosed assets
_could_ _be_ ordered in favour of the Wife.

The just and equitable division on the present facts

102 In light of all the circumstances mentioned above, _viz_ , (a) the 28-year
long marriage, (b) the Wife’s significant non-financial contributions to the
household, (c) the Husband’s alleged non-financial contributions being
unsubstantiated and unreliable, and (d) the adverse inference to be drawn
against the Husband due to his failure to account for the unaccounted three
sums – we are of the view that the Judge did not err, let alone seriously so,
in awarding the Wife 50% of the matrimonial assets. Therefore, the 50:50
division of matrimonial assets ordered by the Judge is in our view a just and
equitable division in accordance with s 112(1).

Issue 5

103 The Judge also ordered that the Husband pay the Wife a lump sum
maintenance of $288,000 ($2,000 x 12 months x 12 years). Additionally, the
Husband was to pay the younger daughter $2,000 a month directly, as well as
her education expenses and fees, until she has graduated from university. Both
the Husband and the Wife appeal against the maintenance order.

The multiplicand of $2,000

104 The Wife appeals against the multiplicand of the maintenance order,
arguing that the multiplicand should be $4,000 – which will increase the lump
sum maintenance to $576,000 ($4,000 x 12 months x 12 years) instead.

105 The Wife’s primary argument appears to be that the $2,000 multiplicand is
significantly less than what the Husband had promised her in the 2007 Deed. In
the 2007 Deed (see above at [9]), the Husband agreed that “… a total of
S$6,000 (Six Thousand) per month shall be credited to [the Wife’s] bank
account at the beginning of each month”.[note: 52] Although the Judge below
did not explicitly mention the 2007 Deed, the Judge had referred to the DJ’s
Maintenance Order (see above at [10]), which was substantially similar to the
2007 Deed as the DJ had ordered that “the Husband pay the Wife S$6,000 a month
for herself and the two children” (see the Judgment at [9]). To this, the Wife
argues that the $6,000 sum in the 2007 Deed was “meant solely for
[herself]”,[note: 53] since the Husband had also promised in the 2007 Deed
$400 for each child monthly.

106 The Wife’s argument is, in our view, clearly misconceived. As the Husband
reasonably argues in response, “[i]t cannot be said that the sum of S$6,000
[in the 2007 Deed] was entirely for the Wife’s maintenance”.[note: 54] As the
Children were living with the Wife back in 2007, a reasonable construction of
the 2007 Deed must be that the $6,000 maintenance was _also meant to cover the
children’s living expenses_ , given that the sum of $400 per child was only
for the Children’s pocket money. This was clearly the understanding of the DJ
as well when he ordered that “the Husband pay the Wife $6,000 a month _for
herself and the two children_ ” [emphasis added]. Since the older daughter is
no longer entitled to maintenance, and the younger daughter is “old enough to
manage her own expenses” such that her monthly maintenance can go directly to
her (see the Judgment at [9]), the Judge was entitled, in our view, to deduct
_the maintenance which was due to both daughters from the $6,000 figure_ to
reach a reasonable amount of $2,000 for the Wife.

107 In addition to the submission above, the Wife also cites a host of other
reasons (_ie_ , her being a housewife with no earning capacity,[note: 55] her
contributions to the family,[note: 56] her standard of living prior to the
breakdown of marriage[note: 57]) to support her claim that she should be
entitled to a multiplicand higher than $2,000 a month. However, we are unable
to agree with her, given the principles recently laid down by this court in
_Foo Ah Yan v Chiam_ _Heng Chow_ [2012] 2 SLR 506 (“ _Foo Ah Yan_ ”). The
relevant paragraphs of _Foo Ah Yan_ are reproduced here as follows:

13 Generally, assessment of the appropriate monthly multiplicand begins with
the wife’s financial needs as derived from her particulars of expenditure,
scaled down for reasonableness: see the Singapore High Court decision of
_Quek Lee Tiam v Ho Kim Swee (alia Ho Kian Guan)_[1995] SGHC 23 (“ _Quek Lee
Tiam_ ”) at [16]. The overarching principle embodied in s 114(2) of the Act is
that of financial preservation, which requires the wife to be maintained at a
standard, which is, to a reasonable extent, commensurate with the standard of
living she had enjoyed during the marriage.

….

16 The  _purposive_ approach to the s 114(2) directive recognises that there
could be an infinite number of reasons why the applicant should not get all
she asks for, and requires s 114(2) to be applied in  _a commonsense holistic
manner_ that takes into account the new realities that flow from the breakdown
of a marriage: see the Singapore High Court decision of  _NI v NJ_[2007] 1
SLR(R) 75 (“ _NI v NJ_ ”) at [15]–[16]…. Our courts have held,  _inter alia_ ,
that a former wife must, where possible, exert reasonable efforts to secure
gainful employment and contribute to preserve her pre-breakdown lifestyle:
see, for example,  _Quek Lee Tiam_ at [22] and  _NI v NJ_ at [14]–[16].

17 The court must also consider the husband’s financial ability to meet the
maintenance order. Thus, although the husband is  _prima facie_ obliged to
maintain his former wife beyond his retirement and up to the former wife’s
remarriage or the death of either party, the former wife who has assets of her
own should not expect a full subsidy for her lifestyle: see, for example, the
Singapore High Court decision of  _Yow Mee_ _Lan v Chen Kai Buan_[2000] 2
SLR(R) 659 (“ _Yow Mee_ _Lan_ ”) at [93].

[emphasis in original]

108 Applying s 114(2) of the Act in  _a commonsense holistic manner_ in the
present case, we are of the view that the Judge’s decision to fix the
multiplicand at $2,000 monthly for the Wife is a sound one for the following
reasons.

109 Firstly, it is not disputed that when the Husband was paying the Wife _and
the two children_ $6,000 a month, the Wife was able to live comfortably and
did not appear to have suffered a decline in the standard of living she had
enjoyed during the marriage.

110 Secondly, _even if_ it was true that the Wife did spend more than $2,000 a
month _for her personal expenses_ during the marriage, we are minded to point
out once again that a wife does not have a _carte blanche_ right to expect a
full subsidy for her lifestyle by her former husband (see _Foo Ah Yan_ at
[17]). In this regard, the Wife in the present case is only 54 years old and
still has the qualifications to take up gainful employment. She should do so
if she intends to preserve, or even enhance, the lifestyle she enjoyed prior
to the breakdown of the marriage (see _Foo Ah Yan_ at [16]).

111 Thirdly, it is trite law that consideration of the reasonableness of a
maintenance order can include the amount of assets a wife has received by the
order of division of matrimonial assets (see the decision of this court in
_Tham_ _Khai_ _Meng v Nam Wen Jet Bernadette_ [1997] 1 SLR(R) 336 as well as s
114(1)(_a_) of the Act). In this regard, we observe that the Wife has been
awarded 32 SHD, together with _assets and cash_ worth approximately $750,000
(see below at [115]). The significant overall value of these assets militates
against her claim of having insufficient maintenance to support herself. We
therefore see no reason why the $2,000 multiplicand determined by the Judge
should be reversed.

The lump sum maintenance order

112 In his appeal, the Husband requests a _10% discount_ on the lump sum
maintenance order ordered against him and cites several cases for the
proposition that “typically, a discount would be applied for lump sum payment
[of maintenance]”.[note: 58] However, the word “typically” evidences the well-
established point that whether or not there ought to be a discount is a matter
of discretion of the trial judge (see s 115(1) of the Act), akin to how the
_quantum_ of maintenance depends “at the end of the day [on] the court’s sense
of justice” (see the Singapore High Court decisions of _Wong Amy v Chua Seng_
_Chuan_ [1992] 2 SLR(R) 143 at [40] and _NI v NJ_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 75 at [16]).
Unless grave injustice is demonstrated (which is not the case here), the
Judge’s discretion to award a lump sum maintenance order _without discount_
should not, in our view, be disturbed.

113 Moreover, we are also not persuaded that the Husband does not have enough
liquid assets to pay cash sums to the Wife upfront,[note: 59] especially when
there are grounds for suspecting that he might be in possession of significant
undisclosed assets (see above at [101]). A lump sum order also has “the
advantage of allowing for a clean break between the parties” which will help
avoid further litigation and acrimony between them (see _Wan Lai Cheng (CA)_
at [88]). In the circumstances, we uphold the Judge’s decision to grant a lump
sum maintenance order of $288,000 in favour of the Wife.

Conclusion

114 For the reasons set out above, CA 135/2011 is allowed only to the extent
that an adverse inference can be drawn against the Husband for his failure to
account for the unaccounted three sums (although this does not substantively
impact the decision arrived at in the court below in so far as the division of
matrimonial assets is concerned). CA 136/2011, on the other hand, is allowed
to the extent that the net value of the La Salle property is to be lowered to
a figure of $480,000, and the Wife is to service the outstanding loan of 32
SHD fully.

115 In decreasing the net value of the La Salle property by $320,000 (see
above at [73]), the overall value of the parties’ matrimonial assets is thus
correspondingly decreased to a figure of $6,474,973.09. Each party is
therefore entitled to $3,237,486.55 worth of the matrimonial assets (_ie_ ,
50% of $6,474,973.09). For reasons of practicality, we order that the Judge’s
_actual division_ of the matrimonial assets be retained _save that_ the lump
sum cash payment in favour of the Wife (see the Judgment at [8(c)]) be
decreased from $608,246.325 to $448,246.325. The Wife is therefore to be
awarded:

(a) 32 SHD;

(b) the assets in her name, valued at $279,217.75;

(c) the Husband’s Seletar Club membership, valued at $21,400; and

(d) cash of $448,246.325.

The transfer of assets from the Husband to the Wife (_ie_ , items (a), (c) and
(d)) are to be effected within six months from the date of this judgment.

116 Each party is to bear his or her own costs both here and below. The usual
consequential orders will apply.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle in CA 136/2011, Vol II Part 1 at pp 89-92.

[note: 2]Joint Record of Appeal (“JRA”) Vol III Part H at pp 108-113.

[note: 3]Appellant’s Case in CA 135/2011 (“Wife Appellant’s Case”) at [14].

[note: 4]Respondent’s Case in CA 135/2011 (“Husband Respondent’s Case”) at
[31].

[note: 5]JRA Vol IV Part A at pp 28-29.

[note: 6]Affidavit of Tan Hwee Lee in SUM 266/2012 dated 18 January 2012 at
[7] and [20].

[note: 7]Husband Respondent’s Case at [17].

[note: 8]Wife’s Skeletal Submissions at [18].

[note: 9]JRA Vol 3E at p 147.

[note: 10]Wife Appellant’s Case at [97]-[99] and [109]-[118].

[note: 11]Wife Appellant’s Case at [50].

[note: 12]Wife Appellant’s Case at [109].

[note: 13]Husband’s CB Vol II Part 1 at 89-92.

[note: 14]JRA Vol III Part H 108-113.

[note: 15]Wife Appellant’s Case at [14].

[note: 16]Husband Respondent’s Case at [31].

[note: 17]Husband Respondent’s Case at [41].

[note: 18]See Wife Respondent’s Case at [101] and JRA 3I at 116.

[note: 19]JRA 3J at 194.

[note: 20]JRA 3J at 195.

[note: 21]Husband Appellant’s Case at [51].

[note: 22]JRA 3J at 202.

[note: 23]JRA 3J at 198.

[note: 24]JRA 3J at 191.

[note: 25]JRA 3J at 198.

[note: 26]Husband’s Skeletal Submissions at [53].

[note: 27]See JRA 3I at 223 (Wife’s written submissions dated 17 March 2011);
JRA 3J at 80 (Wife’s written submissions dated 25 July 2011); JRA 3J at 174
(Wife’s written submissions dated 11 August 2011)

[note: 28]Husband Appellant’s Case at [45].

[note: 29]Wife Respondent’s Case at [96].

[note: 30]Appellant’s Core Bundle Vol I in CA 136/2011 at p 26.

[note: 31]Wife Respondent’s Case at [82].

[note: 32]Husband Appellant’s Case at [23]-[24].

[note: 33]Husband Appellant’s Case at [26].

[note: 34]Husband Appellant’s Case at [27]-[29].

[note: 35]Husband Appellant’s Case at [30].

[note: 36]Wife Respondent’s Case at [54]-[57].

[note: 37]Husband Appellant’s Case at [20].

[note: 38]Wife Respondent’s Case at [31]-[43].

[note: 39]Wife Appellant’s Case at [121]-[137].

[note: 40]Wife Appellant’s Case at [140].

[note: 41]Husband Respondent’s Case at [115].

[note: 42]Husband Respondent’s Case at [118].

[note: 43]Husband Respondent’s Case at [122]-[123].

[note: 44]Wife’s CB Vol II at 33.

[note: 45]Wife Appellant’s Case at [175]-[182].

[note: 46]Husband Respondent’s Case at [122].

[note: 47]Husband Respondent’s Case at [123].

[note: 48]Husband Respondent’s Case at [123(1)].

[note: 49]Husband Respondent’s Case at [123(2)(a)-(b)].

[note: 50]Husband Respondent’s Case at [123(2)(c)-(d)].

[note: 51]Husband Respondent’s Case at [121].

[note: 52]Wife’s CB Vol II at 12-13.

[note: 53]Wife Appellant’s Case at [189].

[note: 54]Husband Respondent’s Case at [148(2)].

[note: 55]Wife Appellant’s Case at [167]-[172].

[note: 56]Wife Appellant’s Case at [217]-[224].

[note: 57]Wife Appellant’s Case at [225]-[234].

[note: 58]Husband Appellant’s Case at [62].

[note: 59]Husband Appellant’s Case at [59].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

