Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  New Dennis Arthur and another _v_ Greesh Ghai Monty and another  
[2012] SGHC 122

Case Number| :| Suit No 408 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 06 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Lim Tong Chuan and Cai Jianyi Edwin (Tan Peng Chin LLC)
for the plaintiffs; Seah Zhen Wei Paul and Loh Khian Chung (Tan Kok Quan
Partnership) for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  New Dennis Arthur and another — Greesh Ghai Monty and another  
  
6 June 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 18 Ipoh Lane #18-02 Emery Point (“the Emery Point Property” or “the
property”) was the Singapore holiday home of Dennis Arthur New and his wife,
Karen Maria New (“the plaintiffs”). In 2010, the plaintiffs were looking to
sell their holiday home. Meanwhile, another expatriate couple, Mr Ghai Monty
Greesh and Ms Espadas Arevalo Amparo Maria (“the defendants”) were in search
of a home of their own. Having already been once bitten with water leakage
problems in their previous Hong Kong rental apartment, the defendants were
twice shy when considering the purchase of the Emery Point Property. In fact,
by their own account, the defendants made a total of three inspections of the
property during the day and night – twice jointly and once by the second
defendant alone but at all times accompanied by their housing agent, Azman
Haron (“Azman”), and the plainitffs’ housing agent, Tommi Loy (“Loy”). The
couple liked what they saw and made an offer to purchase the Emery Point
Property on 30 November 2010. The plaintiffs issued the defendants an Option
to Purchase (“OTP”) on 2 December 2010 which was to be exercised by 16
December 2010 with completion to take place on 31 January 2011. Pertinent to
the present dispute, paragraph 9 of the OTP reads:

[T]he Purchaser shall be deemed to have full notice of the actual state and
condition of the property in all aspects and shall not be entitled to raise
any objection or requisition whatsoever in respect thereof.

Paragraph 1 of the OTP reads:

The sale is subject to “The Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999” insofar as
they are applicable to a sale by private treaty and are not varied by or
inconsistent with any of the following terms and conditions.

In this regard, Condition 9 of the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999
reads:

[T]he Purchaser is stated as having notice of the actual state and condition
of the property as regards access, repair, light, air drainage and in all
other respect.

2 The defendants, who were legally advised during the purchase, exercised the
OTP on 16 December 2011. In the period before the proposed completion on 31
January 2011, the second defendant stated that she visited the Emery Point
Property on three occasions. During the second visit on 25 January 2011, the
second defendant (who was accompanied by Loy, Azman and Kelvin, a contractor)
was shocked to find that there was a huge puddle of water in the master
bedroom on the first floor. By this stage, the plaintiffs had removed their
furniture and so the second defendant noticed, for the first time, other stain
marks in the other bedrooms that had previously been concealed by the
furniture. Even more alarming, according to the second defendant’s testimony,
was the water running down the wall of a bedroom on the first floor.
Thereafter, the second defendant met with the building manager, McCoy Young
(“McCoy”) on 27 January 2011. He informed her that the Management Committee of
Emery Point and many owners of the building were suing the building developer
for various defects such as water leakage, malfunction of the intercom system
and problems with the swimming pool. According to the second defendant, McCoy
was shocked to hear that the property agents had not told the defendants about
the pending lawsuits.

3 As a result of the discovery of the water leakage, the defendants refused to
complete the purchase of the property. Consequently, the plaintiffs commenced
an action against the defendants seeking:

(a) Specific performance of the sale of the property and payment of
$1,957,000.00, being the balance of the purchase price, by the defendants to
the plaintiffs within 14 days from the date of Judgment;

(b) Specific damages flowing from the defendants’ alleged breach;

(c) Further and/or in the alternative, general damages to be assessed;

(d) Interest on the purchase price of $2,060,000.00 pursuant to Condition 8.1
of the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999, at the rate of 10% per annum
from 1 February 2011 to the day of actual completion; and

(e) Further and/or in the alternative interest on the specific and general
damages at the rate of 5.33% from the date of the filing of the writ to the
date of actual realisation.

The defendants, in their counterclaim, seek to rescind the contract on the
basis that they were induced to enter into the contract due to Loy’s
misrepresentations concerning the condition of the property.

4 This claim turns on the factual question of what transpired between Loy and
the defendants during the viewings of the property prior to the signing of the
OTP. In this regard, it is incumbent on the defendants to establish that:

(a) Loy had made a false statement of fact to the defendants concerning the
Emery Point Property; and

(b) This false statement induced the defendants to enter into the contract.

With respect to the first proposition, Loy categorically denied telling the
defendants that there were no leaks in the Emery Point Property. On his
account the defendants had inspected the property at least four times before
the OTP was signed. Although his recollection of the dates of these visits was
muddled, he was clear that during two viewings, the defendants brought along a
few people whom Loy believed were building specialists, who would advise on
renovation and structural works, and interior decorators. These building
specialists would inspect the property during the viewing. For the viewing on
23 November 2010, Loy’s position was that the defendants did not ask any
questions about the leakage. They did however ask Loy why some of the
wallpaper was peeling. Loy’s reply was that he suspected that it could be due
to poor workmanship. For the viewing on 28 November 2010, the defendants
noticed that the floor near the opened window was wet. Loy informed them that
this could have been caused by a window that he had opened to ventilate the
place – it was raining at the time. The defendants asked Loy about whether
there were any leaks in the property to which Loy replied that he did not know
the answer.

5 Under cross-examination, Loy’s attention was brought to a number of photos
of the property that were annexed to the affidavit of evidence in-chief
(“AEIC”) of Derek Mills, the defendants’ expert. In particular, photograph
number EP 30 of bedroom 3 showed what defendants’ counsel, Mr Paul Seah,
characterised as water stains, on the timber flooring. It should be noted that
these photographs were taken between 2 to 3 March 2011, long after the date
set for completion. In this respect, Loy denied that there were water stains
as severe as those in the photograph when he had accompanied the defendants on
the 23 and 28 November 2010 visits. He also denied that the defendants (either
individually or collectively) had specifically asked him about the water
stains. However, Loy admitted that the defendants had pointed out the water
stains during their first visit on 22 November 2010 although he maintained
that he did not say anything in response. Loy was certain that at least one
set of contractors had inspected the property before the defendants signed the
OTP. This critical fact was etched in Loy’s mind for the perfectly practical
reason that Loy was only interested in closing the deal in order to be paid
his commission. After Loy had stated his “last price”, the defendants’ agent
had said that he would need someone to check the property before the option
money could be paid. This fourth and last visit, which took place sometime
between 28 November and 2 December 2010, was particularly important to the
defendants because, according to Loy, the defendants’ agent had informed him
that they were on a tight budget and needed to know the cost of renovations as
this would eat into the overall budget they had set aside for acquiring the
property. While I note Mr Seah’s objection that this last visit was not
mentioned in Loy’s AEIC or the pleadings, I found his testimony on this point
to be convincing and believe him.

6 In contrast, the defendants’ testimony was that there were only three
viewing on 22, 23 and 28 November 2010 before the OTP was signed on 2 December
2010 and that the first time they had brought anyone matching Loy’s
description of a building specialist, contractor or interior decorator was on
18 December 2011, after the OTP was exercised on 16 December 2010. The
defendants also denied that there was a fourth and final viewing before the
OTP was signed where their experts had inspected the building. Taking the
defendants’ case at its highest, Loy had told the defendants during the 23
November 2010 visit that there were no leakage problems. The water stain on
the floor of the master bedroom on the first floor had been caused by a window
that had been left open such that rainwater had blown into the property, while
the peeling wallpaper in the master bedroom on the second floor was caused by
the humid weather conditions in Singapore. Even if Loy had been less than
forthcoming in answering the defendants’ queries, that alone is not sufficient
to establish the defendants’ claim for misrepresentation. It is also necessary
for me to consider whether Loy’s representations induced the defendants to
enter into the contract. On this issue I find in favour of the plaintiffs.

7 The second defendant explained that she could not tell conclusively from a
visual inspection whether there was water leakage in the property. For that,
she candidly conceded that she would have to hire an expert. As alluded to
above at [1], the defendants had previously encountered water leakage problems
in their rental apartment in Hong Kong where they had resided from 1998 to
2006. The water leakage in the Hong Kong apartment could not be solved for two
years even though multiple contractors had been hired to perform repeated
corrective works. In these circumstances, I find it difficult to understand
why she would unquestioningly rely on Loy’s say-so on the water leakage
instead of seeking the advice of her own expert. The second defendant’s three-
pronged explanation that:

(a) Singapore was a “huge law-abiding society”;

(b) Loy was a certified property agent with a well-known agency; and

(c) Loy was an older gentleman, does not hold water.

8 Significantly, she admitted that Loy did not possess the sort of technical
expertise to decide whether a building was leaking and would not be able to
tell any better than herself if there was a leakage.

9 Similarly, the first defendant rigorously asserted that he expected Loy, as
a certified agent, to have knowledge of the condition of the property.
However, this assertion was significantly qualified by the first defendant’s
earlier concession that a layperson (_ie_ someone without the necessary
expertise to carry out a survey to see whether there was a leakage) would not
be able to tell conclusively whether the property had a leakage problem. These
concessions are fatal to the defendants’ case because even if Loy had made the
misrepresentations that the defendants’ alleged (see above at [6]), this did
not induce the defendants to sign the OTP. It is also pertinent to note that
the defendants’ were legally represented during the course of the transaction
albeit by a different firm from the present (see above at [2]). Accordingly,
the defendants’ claim for rescission must fail.

10 In the light of this finding (_viz_ , that even if Loy had falsely
represented the condition of Emery Point Property, it did not induce the
defendants to enter the contract), it is unnecessary for me to consider in
detail the plaintiffs’ alternative submission that paragraph 9 of the OTP
and/or Condition 9 of the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1999 (see above at
[1]) precluded the defendants from raising misrepresentation in the first
place. That said, my tentative view is that both clauses only go so far as to
mirror the position at common law that there is no obligation on the seller to
positively disclose to the buyer defects of quality, as opposed to latent
defects of title, in the property (see _Huang Ching Hwee v Heng Kay Pah and
another_ [1992] 3 SLR(R) 452 (“ _Huang Ching Hwee_ ”)). As such both clauses
do not preclude a purchaser from successfully pleading that he or she was
induced to contract by a _positive_ misrepresentation on the part of the
vendor or his or her representative.

11 Courts will ordinarily be willing to specifically enforce a contract for
the sale of land. The rationale being that, unlike most other goods, no two
pieces of land are identical (“the _sui generis_ rationale”). Consequently,
damages, more often than not, are an inadequate remedy.

12 However, the present case is the obverse to the common situation where the
purchaser is eager to complete and is seeking the specific performance of the
sale of the property. Here, the plaintiffs, as vendors, are seeking to foist
the property on the unwilling defendants, as purchasers. In such cases, the
argument for allowing specific performance is considerably weaker since the
_sui generis_ rationale is not engaged. This is because the property does not
have a “particular value” to the vendor whose interest is purely financial in
nature. In commenting on this unique scenario, the learned editors of _Snell’s
Equity_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 32nd Ed, 2010) note at para 17–011:

In most cases a monetary remedy of damages or the action for an agreed sum
will be an adequate remedy for breach of a contract for the payment of money,
but in exceptional cases such a contract may be specifically enforced. ...
More controversially, in what has been described as “an awkward exception” to
the normal requirement that damages should be inadequate, in contracts for the
sale of land, the vendor is readily awarded specific performance even though
his interest in performance is purely financial and thus damages or the action
for an agreed sum would (other than in exceptional cases) be an adequate
remedy. This is commonly justified on the basis of mutuality, but this
principle is no longer given the weight it traditionally was and, in any
event, the purchaser’s entitlement to specific performance against the vendor
may no longer be absolute.

13 The learned editors cite two cases in support of this proposition. Firstly,
in _Anders Utkilens Rederi A/S v O/Y Lovisa Stevedoring Co A/B and Keller
Bryant Transport Co Ltd_ [1985] 2 All ER 669, which was a purchaser’s action
for specific performance for the sale of property against the vendor, Gould J
noted at 673 that:

It is well established that the court does not order an agreement to be
specifically performed where damages at law would be an adequate remedy for
the plaintiff. There is indeed an awkward exception to the rule, namely the
vendor's action for specific performance of a contract for the sale of land,
of which the usual explanation by the sacred word 'mutuality' is perhaps not
wholly satisfying. With that qualification, however, the rule is of general
application.

In my opinion, the term “awkward exception” is just a polite form of grudging
acknowledgement but not acceptance of its utility. I am of the view that if
damages are adequate the vendor should not be granted an order for specific
performance.

14 The second case cited is that of _Hope v Walter_ [1900] 1 Ch 257 (“ _Hope_
”) which can be concisely summarised by Lindley LJ’s pithy dicta at 258:

It would be a little short of a scandal, to my mind, if the Court, having the
power of refusing the extraordinary remedy of specific performance, were to
thrust down the throat of an innocent buyer the obligation of becoming the
landlord of a brothel.

However, for the reasons set out above at [12], I believe that it would be
setting the threshold too high if courts are only allowed to refuse specific
performance against a purchaser when he would otherwise be exposed, as owner,
to criminal liability (see _Hope_ at 260). The Court of Appeal decision of
_Huang Ching Hwee_ (see above at [10]) is relevant. There, a vendor applied
for a declaration that the purchasers were not entitled to rescind a contract
for the sale of land and that he was entitled to forfeit their deposit.
Following the exercise of the OTP, the purchasers discovered that the vendor
had previously carried out substantial additions and alterations to the
property in question without the requisite planning permission. Although the
appeal was allowed on the basis that the unauthorised works did not constitute
a latent defect of title at law which was subject to disclosure by the vendor,
the Court of Appeal noted that since the vendor had elected not to proceed
with his claim for specific performance in the court below, there was no need
to consider it (see _Huang Ching Hwee_ at [75]).

15 As the plaintiffs have only a financial interest in the sale of the
property their loss can adequately be compensated with damages. In this
respect, although the plaintiffs’ Statement of Claim pleaded, as an
alternative prayer, for general damages to be assessed, this was not
quantified and particularised at any time in the course of proceedings.
Further, plaintiffs’ counsel did not seek to have the trial bifurcated. In
these circumstances, I find that nominal general damages in the sum of $1,000
should be awarded.

16 Turning to the items for specific damages that were pleaded by the
plaintiffs’ in their Statement of Claim, Mr Paul Seah’s cross-examination of
the first plaintiff left me with no doubt that I should not grant the
plaintiffs’ claims for airfares and hotel accommodation because these
concerned:

(a) events that took place prior to when the dispute arose on 25 January
2011(see above at [2]);

(b) bookings for the second plaintiff and their five year-old daughter when it
was the first plaintiff who was giving instructions to their solicitors via
phone and email;

(c) bookings for which the first plaintiff conceded he was not sure why he had
travelled to Singapore for; or

(d) double booked flights on the same date (_ie_ 23 April 2011).

17 I would also dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim for $44,084 for commission
payable to Loy’s property agency. The sale was not successful. More
importantly, the plaintiff admitted in cross-examination that nothing had yet
to be paid to the agency. The claim for storage fees for the plaintiffs’
furniture, which had to be shifted out of the property, should be limited up
till March 2011 (_ie_ $5,450) since the first plaintiff conceded that the
furniture was moved back to the property by March 2011. Further, there is no
reason to grant the plaintiffs’ claim for $8,000 per month for accommodation
from 11 March 2011. The plaintiffs do not reside in Singapore and use the
property only as a holiday home. There is also insufficient evidence to
establish the plaintiffs’ claim for AUD10,000 concerning an alleged aborted
deposit for an Australian property, which could not be completed because the
plaintiffs’ were deprived of the proceeds from the sale of the property. I am,
however, willing to grant the legal-conveyancing costs incurred (_ie_ $2,200).
In total, I award $7,650 in specific damages. The plaintiffs have also prayed
for late completion interest pursuant to Condition 8.1 of the Law Society’s
Conditions of Sale 1999. The plaintiffs’ claim on this point should fail
because this term only covers interest up till late completion and is not
applicable in the scenario where the court has ordered that the defendants are
not required to complete the sale of the property.

18 I thus order accordingly. Parties are to draw up an order of court for my
approval. I will hear parties on the question of costs at a later date.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

