Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Excalibur Group Pte Ltd _v_ Goh Boon Kok  
[2012] SGHC 71

Case Number| :| Originating Summons No 636 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 05 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Quentin Loh J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  S Palaniappan and Ramesh Bharani Nagaratnam (Straits Law
Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Adrian Tan and Lawrence Tan (Eldan Law LLP)
for the defendant.  
Parties| :|  Excalibur Group Pte Ltd — Goh Boon Kok  
  
5 April 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Quentin Loh J:

Introduction

1 This is an application by the plaintiff, Excalibur Group Pte Ltd, for a
declaration as to whether leave of court is required before commencing an
action against the defendant, Goh Boon Kok, in his capacity as the liquidator
of Kaki Bukit Industrial Park Pte Ltd (“the Company”) in relation to the
administration of the affairs of the Company or otherwise in relation to his
conduct as the Company’s liquidator.[note: 1] The plaintiff has also prayed
that leave be granted for the plaintiff to _continue_ its action if leave is
required.[note: 2] The plaintiff has already commenced proceedings against the
defendant in Suit No 162 of 2011 (S162/2011).[note: 3]

Background

The plaintiff’s affidavit in support of this application

2 One of the plaintiff’s directors and shareholders, Lawrence Leow Chin Hin,
filed an affidavit in support of this application. The following background
facts and assertions are taken from this affidavit.

3 On or about the end of 2001, one Loh Lin Kett (“Loh”), trading as L K Loh
Construction Company, applied to wind up the Company.[note: 4] The application
was heard and granted by Woo Bih Li JC on 11 January 2002.[note: 5] The
defendant was appointed as the liquidator.[note: 6]

4 According to the plaintiff, on or about 8 November 2002, the defendant, in
his capacity as the liquidator of the Company, invited parties to tender for
the purchase of the whole of Lot 5643M together with the uncompleted building
erected on 10 Kaki Bukit Industrial Terrace Singapore 471819 (“the
Property”).[note: 7] On 7 January 2003, the plaintiff submitted two tenders,
one in its name and the other in the name of an associated company, M/s
Fiordland Pte Ltd (“Fiordland”).[note: 8] The plaintiff submitted a tender in
the sum of $5,318,000 and paid the sum of $800,000 as a tender fee.[note: 9]
Fiordland submitted a tender in the sum of $7,238,000 and also paid a tender
fee of $300,000.[note: 10]

5 The plaintiff was later informed on 8 January 2003 that the two tenders were
rejected.[note: 11] It claims to have subsequently found out that the tender
was awarded to M/s Wellsprings Properties Pte Ltd (“Wellsprings”).[note: 12]
Wellsprings had submitted a tender in the sum of $8,200,818.[note: 13]

6 The plaintiff claims that on or about October 2009, it came to Loh’s
knowledge that Wellsprings had paid secret commissions in the amount of
$270,000 to the defendant in 2004.[note: 14] The plaintiff found out about
this through Loh who was, at the material time, engaged as the defendant’s
personal assistant.[note: 15] The plaintiff claims that Loh discovered the
following invoices at the defendant’s offices while assisting the
defendant:[note: 16]

(a) An invoice dated 16 November 2003 from M/s K S Resource & Management
Services (“K S Resource”) to Wellsprings for the total sum of $75,000.
According to the plaintiff, this was purportedly a “finder’s fee” for
identifying and securing the Property for Wellsprings. A completion account
and mode of disbursement for the sale of the Property was attached to the
invoice. The plaintiff alleges that it was apparent from the defendant’s
handwritten notes on the invoice that he had acknowledged receipt of $30,000
on 10 March 2004 and $120,000 on 28 September 2004.

(b) An invoice dated 31 December 2004 from K S Resource to Peh Lee
Construction Pte Ltd for the total sum of $44,000. According to the plaintiff,
this was purportedly a consultancy fee for wall cladding and the provision of
quality control services.

(c) An invoice dated 3 January 2005 from K S Resource to Wellsprings for the
total sum of $76,000. According to the plaintiff, this was purportedly a
consultancy fee for an investment at Xiamen, China.

(d) A handwritten note in relation to the contents of the 31 December 2004
invoice and the 3 January 2005 invoice.

7 The plaintiff’s representative deposed that K S Resource is a sole
proprietorship owned by one Mdm Goh Yang Soo, who the plaintiff understands to
be the defendant’s “common law wife”.[note: 17] Consequently, the plaintiff
believes that the defendant and/or his proxies had been paid secret
commissions in the sum of $270,000 to award the tender to Wellsprings.[note:
18]

8 As a result of the foregoing, the plaintiff commenced an action against the
defendant in S162/2011.[note: 19] In this action, the plaintiff has alleged
that the defendant was, at the material time, the controlling mind, will,
alter ego and/or the agent of the Company.[note: 20] It has also alleged that
the defendant breached the contract between the plaintiff and the company,
induced the breach of this contract, breached the plaintiff’s legitimate
expectation that the tender process for the sale of the property would be
conducted in good faith, committed fraud by receiving secret commissions from
Wellsprings to award a tender to it, and/or breached his common law duty of
care, which he owed to all the bidders of the Property, to treat all bidders
fairly and equally.[note: 21]

9 On 25 April 2011, the defendant filed an application to strike out the
plaintiff’s statement of claim in S162/2011.[note: 22] In support of this
application, the defendant had deposed that the plaintiffs’ causes of action
in tort and contract were time barred.[note: 23] It was also alleged that the
court’s leave should have been obtained before commencing S162/2011.[note: 24]

10 The plaintiff’s representative has deposed that he believes and has been
advised that there was no need to seek the court’s leave before commencing
S162/2011.[note: 25] However, if leave was required, he asserted that leave
should be granted because there is a _prima facie_ case against the
defendant.[note: 26]

The defendant’s reply affidavit

11 The defendant pointed out that the plaintiff took out a similar application
in Summons No 600093 of 2011 (“SUM600093/2011”) for leave of court on 30 May
2011.[note: 27] I heard that application. I voiced my view that there were
procedural irregularities in that application. On 26 July 2011, the plaintiff
sought and obtained leave from me to withdraw that application.[note: 28]

12 The defendant referred to and incorporated his reply affidavit for
SUM600093/2011 in his reply affidavit for the present application.[note: 29]
In his reply affidavit for SUM600093/2011, the defendant deposed that the
tender was awarded to Wellsprings which had submitted the highest bid.[note:
30] The defendant referred to the affidavit that he had filed in support of
his application to strike out the plaintiff’s statement of claim in S162/2011.
The plaintiff had deposed that, as a court-appointed liquidator, he was an
officer of the court.[note: 31] Hence, leave of the court should have been
obtained before commencing the action.[note: 32] The defendant also asserted
that the plaintiff has not managed to establish a _prima facie_ case against
him that would warrant the grant of the court’s leave.[note: 33] The defendant
maintained that the plaintiff has made unfounded allegations which have been
categorically denied.[note: 34]

Issues

13 The following issues arise for my consideration:

(a) Does the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) (“CA”) and Companies (Winding
Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1, 2006 Rev Ed) (“C(WU)R”) require a plaintiff to obtain
the court’s leave before commencing an action against a liquidator of a
company (“Issue 1”)?

(b) If not, is there a common law rule to that effect (“Issue 2”)?

(c) If there is such a common law rule, can leave be granted retrospectively
(“Issue 3”)? The relevance of this issue is that the plaintiff has _already_
commenced action against the defendant (see [1] above).

(d) If so, should leave be granted (“Issue 4”)?

My decision

Issue 1: Does the CA and the C(WU)R require a plaintiff to obtain the court’s
leave before commencing an action against a liquidator of a company?

14 Neither the CA nor the C(WU)R requires a plaintiff to seek the court’s
leave before suing a liquidator. In passing, however, I should highlight three
provisions in the CA concerning the legal liabilities of liquidators. The
first is s 265 of the CA which provides for the Official Receiver to have
oversight over private liquidators (see s 265 of the CA):

**Control of unofficial liquidators by Official Receiver**

265.—(1) Where in the winding up of a company by the Court, a person, other
than the Official Receiver, is the liquidator the Official Receiver shall take
cognizance of his conduct and if the liquidator does not faithfully perform
his duties and duly observe all the requirements imposed on him by any written
law or otherwise with respect to the performance of his duties, or if any
complaint is made to the Official Receiver by any creditor or contributory in
regard thereto, the Official Receiver shall inquire into the matter, and take
such action thereon as he may think expedient.

(2) The Official Receiver may at any time require any such liquidator of a
company which is being wound up by the Court to answer any inquiry in relation
to any winding up in which he is engaged, and may, if the Official Receiver
thinks fit, apply to the Court to examine him or any other person on oath
concerning the winding up.

(3) The Official Receiver may also direct a local investigation to be made of
the books and vouchers of such liquidator.

The second provision is s 313(2) of the CA which provides that the court is to
take cognizance of the conduct of liquidators:

**Control of Court over liquidators**

(2) The Court shall take cognizance of the conduct of liquidators, and if a
liquidator does not faithfully perform his duties and observe the prescribed
requirements or the requirements of the Court or if any complaint is made to
the Court by any creditor or contributory or by the Official Receiver in
regard thereto, the Court shall inquire into the matter and take such action
as it thinks fit.

The third provision is s 341 of the CA which confers the court with the power
to assess damages against, _inter alia_ , a liquidator:

**Power of Court to assess damages against delinquent officers, etc.**

341.—(1) If, in the course of winding up, it appears that any person who has
taken part in the formation or promotion of the company or any **_past or
present liquidator_** or officer has **_misapplied or retained or become
liable or accountable for any money or property of the company or been guilty
of any misfeasance or breach of trust or duty in relation to the company_** ,
the Court may on the application of the liquidator or of any creditor or
contributory examine into the conduct of such person, liquidator or officer
and compel him to repay or restore the money or property or any part thereof
with interest at such rate as the Court thinks just, or to contribute such sum
to the assets of the company by way of compensation in respect of the
misapplication, retainer, misfeasance or breach of trust or duty as the Court
thinks just.

(2) This section shall extend and apply to and in respect of the receipt of
any money or property by any officer of the company during the 2 years
preceding the commencement of the winding up whether by way of salary or
otherwise appearing to the Court to be unfair or unjust to other members of
the company.

(3) This section shall have effect notwithstanding that the offence is one for
which the offender is criminally liable.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Issue 2: Is there a common law rule to that effect?

15 I first examine the position in Singapore before considering the approach
taken in other jurisdictions and I will conclude by providing my view.

The position in Singapore

16 There is no case law in Singapore directly on point. The leading treatise
on Singapore company law, _Walter Woon on Company Law_ (Tan Cheng Han gen ed)
(Sweet & Maxwell, Rev 3rd Ed, 2009), does not suggest that there is a
requirement for leave of court before a party can commence an action against
the liquidator of a company.

17 I note, however, that there is at least one case in Singapore of an action
against a private liquidator (see _Trustee of Estate of Ong Thiam Huat v Chan
Hock Seng_ [2004] SGHC 232, which was a claim against liquidator for
negligence in failing to recover a debt before it became time-barred).
Unfortunately, the narrative of the background in the judgment does not
explain whether the plaintiff in that case had applied for leave before
commencing his action.

Australia

18 The Australian position is well settled. There is ample case law holding
that leave of court is required in order to commence proceedings against a
liquidator (_Armitage v Gainsborough Properties Pty Ltd and another_ [2011]
VSC 419 (“ _Armitage_ ”) at [34]–[42], _Baxter v Hamilton_ [2005] TASC 64 (“
_Baxter_ ”) at [32], _Mamone_ _and another v Pantzer_ [2001] NSWSC 26 (“
_Mamone_ ”), _Sydlow Pty Ltd (in liq) v TG Kotselas Pty Ltd_ [1996] 144 ALR
159[note: 35] at 165 (“ _Sydlow_ ”) and _Re Siromath Pty Ltd (No 3)_ [1991] 25
NSWLR 25 (“ _Siromath_ ”)).

19 The rationale for requiring leave is two-fold (see _Mamone_ at [4]):

(a) First, the courts have an interest in protecting their own officers from
facing “spurious or vexatious litigation” (see _Siromath_ at 29 and _Armitage
at_[35]).

(b) Secondly, the courts have an interest in protecting the integrity of the
winding-up process so that the process is conducted quickly and efficiently
for the benefit of all interested persons (see _Sydlow_ at [29]). Requiring
the court’s leave in order to commence proceedings against a liquidator is one
of the measures that the court can adopt to achieve this objective (_ibid_).

20 The Australian position does not appear to be based on any provision in the
relevant Australian legislation.

England

21 To my knowledge, there is no English case law on whether leave of court is
required to commence an action against a liquidator.

22 There is, however, a requirement for leave in order to sue a receiver (see
_Re Maidstone Palace of Varieties_ [1909] 2 Ch 283 at 286 (“ _Re Maidstone
Palace of Varieties_ ”), _McGowan v Chadwick and another_ [2002] EWCA Civ 1785
at [32] and _Weston v Dayman_ [2006] EWCA Civ 1165 at [16]). The rationale for
the requirement for leave appears to be similar to the first rationale in the
Australian cases (see above at [19(a)]), _viz_ , the desire to protect an
officer of the court (see _Re Maidstone Palace of Varieties at_ 286):

In this case the applicant is a receiver appointed by this Court in a
debenture-holders' action, and by virtue of that appointment he has had the
management of the theatre known as the Maidstone Palace of Varieties. In the
course of that management he made use of certain plant which is claimed by the
respondent company as their property. They say that he had no right to use it
except on the terms of paying them a rent, and they claim a considerable sum.
It appears to me that a dispute of that kind is one which, as is shewn by
Aston v. Heron, the Court will deal with itself, and that **_it will not allow
its officer to be subject to an action in another Court with reference to his
conduct in the discharge of the duties of his office, whether right or
wrong_**. The proper remedy for any one aggrieved by his conduct is to apply
to this Court in the action in which he was appointed. If any wrong has been
done by the officer, the Court will no doubt see that justice is done, but no
one has a right to sue such an officer in another Court without the sanction
of this Court. The present application is accordingly right in form. The
respondents must therefore bring in their claim in the debenture-holders'
action within fourteen days, and must be restrained from commencing any other
proceedings against the receiver.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

Canada

23 The Canadian Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act RSC 1985 (c B-3) (“the BIA”)
_expressly_ provides that leave of court is required in order to sue the
Canadian equivalent of a liquidator (a trustee) (see s 215 of the BIA and L W
Houlden, G B Morawetz & Janis Sarra, Bankruptcy and Insolvency Law of Canada
vol 3 (Carswell, 4th Ed Revised, Looseleaf Ed, 2009) at para K§5 (“ _Houlden_
”)):

**No Action against Superintendent, etc, without leave of court**

**215**. _Except by leave of the court_ , no action lies against the
Superintendent, an official receiver, an interim receiver or a _trustee_ with
respect to any report made under, or any action taken pursuant to, this Act.

[emphasis added]

24 It should be noted that the BIA applies to both personal and corporate
insolvency (see Marketplace Framework Policy Branch, Policy Sector, Report on
the Operation and Administration of the Bankruptcy and Insolvency Act and the
Companies’ Creditors Arrangement Act (September 2002) at p 7 – accessible at
http://www.iiiglobal.org/component/jdownloads/finish/60/665.html (accessed on
4 April 2012)).

Malaysia

25 The Malaysian courts, like their Australian counterparts, require leave to
be obtained in order to bring proceedings against a liquidator (see, for
example, _See Teow Guan & Ors v Kian __Joo Holdings Sdn_ _Bhd & Ors_ [2010] 1
MLJ 547 (“ _See Teow Guan_ ”) at [6]–[9], _Abric Project Management Sdn_ _Bhd
v Palmshine Plaza Sdn_ _Bhd and another_ [2007] 3 MLJ 571[note: 36] (“ _Abric_
”) at [24], _Chin Cheen_ _Foh v Ong Tee Chew_ [2003] 3 MLJ 57, _Chi Liung
Holdings Sdn_ _Bhd v Ng Pyak_ _Yeow_ [1995] 3 MLJ 204[note: 37] (“ _Chi Liung
Holdings_ ”)).

26 The rationale underlying the Malaysian position is similar to the first
rationale in the Australian cases (see above at [19(a)]). Leave is required
because a court-appointed liquidator is an officer of the court (see, for
example, _Chi Liung Holdings_ and _Abric at_ [24]).

27 The Malaysian position is not based on any express provision in the
relevant legislation in Malaysia. It should be noted, however, that the
Malaysian Court of Appeal in _Chi Liung Holdings_ referred to a provision in
the Malaysian legislation (s 236(3) of the Companies Act 1965 (Act 125 of
1965) (Mal)) in support of its reasoning that the liquidator is an officer of
the court. The relevant provision reads:

(3) The exercise by the liquidator of the powers conferred by this section
shall be subject to the control of the Court, and any creditor or contributory
may apply to the Court with respect to any exercise or proposed exercise of
any of those powers.

The Singapore CA has an _identical_ provision (see s 272(3) of the CA):

(3) The exercise by the liquidator of the powers conferred by this section
shall be subject to the control of the Court, and any creditor or contributory
may apply to the Court with respect to any exercise or proposed exercise of
any of those powers.

My view

28 In my view, the Australian and Malaysian positions should be followed in
Singapore. A common law requirement for leave will promote the desirable
objective of ensuring that the winding-up process is conducted efficiently and
expeditiously in the interest of all stakeholders. The observations of V K
Rajah JC, (as he then was), in _Korea Asset Management Corp v Daewoo Singapore
Pte Ltd (in liquidation)_ [2004] 1 SLR(R) 671 (“ _Korea Asset Management_ ”)
in the context of the strictures imposed upon the commencement of proceedings
against a company once winding-up proceedings have been instituted are useful
in this regard:

36 The rationale for these provisions [ie, ss 262(3), 299(2) and 227C(c) of
the CA] is axiomatic: it is to prevent the company from being further burdened
by expenses incurred in defending unnecessary litigation. **_The main focus of
a company and its liquidators once winding up has commenced should be to
prevent the fragmentation of its assets and to ensure that the interests of
its creditors are protected to the fullest extent._****_In other words,
returns to legitimate creditors should be maximised; the process of collecting
assets and returning them to legitimate creditors should be attended to with
all practicable speed._** Unnecessary costs should not be incurred;
liquidators should act in the collective interests of all legitimate
stakeholders and not with a view to enhancing their own self-interests or
fees.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

This rationale applies equally to claims against a liquidator. A requirement
for leave would ensure that frivolous claims are weeded out at the outset.
This would avoid unnecessary and expensive legal proceedings.

29 The other reasoning adopted by the Australian and Malaysian courts, _viz_ ,
that the liquidator is an officer of the court is, in my opinion, less
persuasive. Advocates and solicitors are also “officers of the court” (see s
82(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, Rev Ed 2009)). It is trite that
there is no requirement for leave in order to sue a lawyer. In my view, the
underlying reason for why liquidators are viewed as requiring the court’s
protection is that they play a central role in administering the winding-up
process. They should be protected against unmeritorious, frivolous or
vexatious legal proceedings which will cause delays and incur additional
expense to the general body of creditors.

Issue 3: Can leave be obtained retrospectively?

30 There is a suggestion in an Australian decision that leave can be sought
retrospectively or _nunc pro tunc_ (see _McDonald v Dare_ [2001] QSC 405 (“
_McDonald_ ”) at [25]). _McDonald_ concerned an application for the removal of
liquidators of a company (“the parent company”) on the ground of a “prospect,
existence or appearance of bias or of a conflict of interest” in the light of
the liquidators’ involvement as co-defendants in legal proceedings arising
from the sale of a property owned by a company (“the subsidiary”). The parent
company owned 50% of the shares in the subsidiary. In dismissing the
application, the court observed that the other legal proceedings involved
allegations that the liquidators had breached their duties (_McDonald_ at
[25]). Accordingly, leave of court was required. Significantly, the court
suggested that leave should be sought _nunc pro tunc_ :

[25] Another problem with the Supreme Court proceeding is that as it seeks
relief against the respondents for alleged breaches of duty arising in the
course of performing their duties as liquidators, the leave of the court is
required before such a proceeding is commenced: _Sydlow Pty Ltd (in
liquidation) v TG Kotselas Pty Ltd_ (1996) 65 FCR 234, 241 and _Mamone v
Pantzer_ [2001] NSWSC 26; (2001) 36 ACSR 743, 746. **_Before the plaintiffs
seek to serve the claim and statement of claim in the Supreme Court
proceeding, leave should be sought nunc pro tunc in respect of commencing the
Supreme Court proceeding._**

[emphasis added in bold italics]

31 There is a division in the Canadian authorities as to whether leave may be
granted retrospectively (see the cases listed in _Houlden_ at para K§7). One
line of cases reasons that the failure to obtain leave before commencing
action will cause the action to be a nullity (_ibid_). The other line of cases
states that leave may be obtained retrospectively as long as there is no
prejudice (in the sense that the trustee was not taken by surprise), the
action was brought in good faith and is not frivolous or vexatious and leave
would have been granted if it had been sought at the outset (_ibid_). The
authors of _Houlden_ take the view that the second line of cases is the
preferred interpretation of s 215 of the BIA (see [23] above) because “it
avoids a technical interpretation of the [BIA] and achieves a fair and just
result” (_Houlden_ at para K§7). I tend to agree.

32 As the plaintiff has submitted[note: 38], the Singapore High Court has
granted leave _nunc pro tunc_ in the context of a claim against a _company_ in
liquidation (see _Jumabhoy Rafiq v Scotts Investment (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation)_ [2003] 2 SLR(R) 422 (“ _Jumabhoy_ ”)). Leave is
expressly required by the CA in order to commence such a claim (see s 262(3)
of the CA). Woo Bih Li J took the view that the purpose underlying the
requirement for leave under s 262(3) of the CA is to ensure that the
liquidators do not get distracted and expend the company’s assets to defend
unnecessary actions (_Jumabhoy at_ [48]). The purpose was not to allow the
liquidators (and hence the other creditors) to enjoy an “unexpected windfall”
which would have been the effect if Woo J took the view that leave could not
have been granted retrospectively.

33 In my view, the reasoning in _Jumabhoy_ applies equally here. As I have
stated above, the purpose of the requirement for leave is to ensure that the
winding-up process is carried out expeditiously and efficiently and to sieve
out claims that are without merit or aimed at delaying the liquidation process
(see [28] above). That purpose would not be served by holding that leave can
only be granted if it is applied for prospectively.

Issue 4: Should leave be granted?

34 There is no clear test for the grant of leave in the Australian
authorities. Some of the cases take the view that there is no specific
threshold for the grant of leave to sue a liquidator (see _Sydlow_ at 166;
followed in _Mamone at_ [5]). According to these authorities, a _prima facie_
case need not necessarily be shown. All the circumstances have to be taken
into account in determining whether leave should be granted (see _Sydlow_ at
166). An example of a factor that would influence the grant of leave is
whether there was an unjustifiable delay in commencing proceedings against the
liquidator (see _Mamone at_ [6]). Another case held that the standard was
simply one of whether there is a _prima facie_ case (see _Re Biposo Pty Ltd;
Condon v Rodgers_ (Unreported, Supreme Court of New South Wales, Young J, 2
August 1995) cited in _Armitage_ at [37]). Yet another case appeared to apply
a combined test of whether there was a _prima facie_ case and whether there
was sufficient evidence to show that the proposed claims had a prospect of
success (see _Armitage_ at [65]). The Malaysian authorities do not also speak
with one voice on the threshold for leave. One case applied a test of whether
there was “sufficient _prima facie_ evidence” to support the allegations
against the liquidator (see _Abric_ at [30]). Another case took the view,
similar to some of the Australian authorities, that the threshold for leave
would depend on the circumstances and that a variety of factors such as the
“sufficiency of the evidence adduced” and the “likelihood of success” of the
proposed action should be considered (see _See Teow Guan_ at [7]). Another
authority considered that the court hearing the application for leave will
“act liberally” (_Chi Liung Holdings at_ 210G–H). However, the applicant is
required to satisfy the court of the “probable success” of the action and that
the action is “not vexatious or merely oppressive” (_ibid_). The Canadian
approach seems to set the threshold at a lower level. Leave will not be denied
“unless there is no foundation for the claim or the claim is frivolous or
vexatious” (see _Houlden_ at para K§8).

35 The foregoing cases show a considerable range in the different standards of
proof to be met before leave is granted. In my view, all the facts and
circumstances of the case have to be taken into consideration when deciding
whether to grant leave. Hard and fast rules should not be laid down. To my
mind, the applicant must at least be able to show a _prima facie_ arguable
case. An applicant need not go so far as to show he will or is likely to
succeed. Applications without any foundation or that are frivolous or
vexatious or calculated to delay proceedings or with an ulterior motive will
not be allowed. The stage at which the proceedings are when such applications
are made will also be a very relevant consideration. Delays in taking out such
applications, unless there are good reasons, will also weigh against an
applicant.

36 In the context of the present application, the Company has already been
wound-up.[note: 39] There is, accordingly, no purpose to be served by
withholding leave to commence any action against the defendant. As I have held
above, the rationale for the requirement of leave is to ensure that the
winding-up process is conducted expeditiously and efficiently for the benefit
of all the stakeholders in the company (see [28] above). In these
circumstances, I do not consider that it is necessary to set the threshold for
leave at a high level. Proceeding only on the basis of the evidence set out
before me, I find that the plaintiff has a _prima facie_ arguable case against
the Liquidator. Hence, I grant the plaintiff retrospective leave to commence
S162/2011.

37 In relation to the merits of the claims against the defendant in S162/2011,
I understand that there is a pending striking out application, _viz_ , Summons
No 1778 of 2011 (“SUM1778/2011”) in S162/2011. The striking out application
has been taken out on the basis that the statement of claim discloses no
reasonable cause of action and/or is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious and/or
may prejudice, embarrass or delay the fair trial of the action and/or is an
abuse of process of the court. I make no comment on the merits of the
plaintiff’s claims which will be addressed in the hearing of SUM1778/2011.

Conclusion

38 For the reasons set out above, I grant the plaintiff an order in terms of
prayers 1 and 2 of this application.

39 I will hear the parties on costs.

* * *

[note: 1]Originating Summons No 636 of 2011 – Prayer 1.

[note: 2]Originating Summons No 636 of 2011 – Prayer 2.

[note: 3]See the EFS Case File for Suit No 162 of 2011.

[note: 4]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [4].

[note: 5]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [5].

[note: 6]_Ibid_.

[note: 7]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [6].

[note: 8]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [8].

[note: 9]_Ibid_.

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [9].

[note: 12]_Ibid_.

[note: 13]_Ibid_.

[note: 14]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [10].

[note: 15]_Ibid_.

[note: 16]_Ibid_.

[note: 17]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [11].

[note: 18]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [11].

[note: 19]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [12].

[note: 20]_Ibid_.

[note: 21]_Ibid_.

[note: 22]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [14].

[note: 23]_Ibid_.

[note: 24]_Ibid_.

[note: 25]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [15].

[note: 26]Affidavit of Lawrence Leow Chin Hin dated 27 July 2011 at [16]–[30].

[note: 27]Affidavit of Goh Boon Kok dated 18 August 2011 at [4].

[note: 28]Minute Sheet of Quentin Loh J dated 26 July 2011.

[note: 29]Affidavit of Goh Boon Kok dated 18 August 2011 at [5].

[note: 30]Affidavit of Goh Boon Kok for SUM600093/2011 dated 24 June 2011 at
[8].

[note: 31]Affidavit of Goh Boon Kok for SUM600093/2011 dated 24 June 2011 at
[13].

[note: 32]_Ibid_.

[note: 33]Affidavit of Goh Boon Kok for SUM600093/2011 dated 24 June 2011 at
[18].

[note: 34]_Ibid_.

[note: 35]Plaintiff’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 6.

[note: 36]Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 5.

[note: 37]Defendant’s Bundle of Authorities at Tab 2.

[note: 38]Plaintiff’s submissions at [19].

[note: 39]See the winding up order in the case file for CWU600336 of 2001
(dated 11 January 2002, before Woo Bih Li JC (as he then was)).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

