Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  AZB _v_ AYZ  
[2012] SGHC 108

Case Number| :| Divorce No 63 of 2010 (Registrar's Appeal Subordinate Courts
Nos 231 to 233 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 21 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Andrew Ang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Edmund Kronenburg and Lye Huixian (Braddell Brothers LLP)
for the defendant/appellant; Randolph Khoo and Johnson Loo (Drew & Napier LLC)
for the plaintiff/respondent.  
Parties| :|  AZB — AYZ  
  
21 May 2012|  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang J:

Introduction

1 Compared to families in the days of old, the modern family is more likely to
be the product of a cross-cultural marriage, domiciled in more than one
country and, especially in the more developed countries, to have a single
offspring. The issue of relocation with the child is thus likely to be
frequently raised before the family court as part of the ancillary matters to
be resolved following divorce.

The background

2 The parties were married in New York, the United States of America, on 12
November 1999\. The appellant, [AZB] (“the husband”), is 52 years of age and a
wealthy Malaysian businessman from a privileged background: he is the son of
an influential tycoon who ran one of Malaysia’s biggest state-owned companies.
The respondent, [AYZ] (“the wife”), is a 49-year-old American currently
residing in Singapore. She is also a homemaker and the primary caregiver to
the couple’s only child, a daughter, [E], who is nine years old and a Primary
3 student in a prominent local primary school.

3 The parties’ relationship got off to a promising start. He was a globe-
trotting businessman with investments all over the world, including Europe and
the United States (“the US”), and had gone to college in the US before
completing an intensive executive programme at a renowned business school; she
was an institutional equities broker working in New York, equally well-
travelled and with a keen interest in Asian culture and languages. They met at
a wedding of a mutual friend and were married soon after.

4 The family has been living in Singapore since January 2005, having lived in
Malaysia and San Francisco before that. While the family was based in
Singapore, the husband travelled often to Malaysia on business. As befitting
the husband’s wealthy background, the family home was a property in Sentosa
Cove. Yet, behind the veneer of what many might consider a comfortable life
was a troubled and turbulent marriage marked by verbal abuse and bullying on
the husband’s part which, coupled with the increasing sense of alienation and
isolation felt by the wife, eventually led to the breakdown of the marriage.

The proceedings

5 The wife filed for a writ of divorce on 8 January 2010. On 11 March 2010,
the parties agreed to the following interim orders pertaining to [E]:

(a) The parties shall have interim joint custody of [E].

(b) The wife shall have interim sole care and control of [E].

(c) The husband shall have interim supervised access to [E].

6 On 8 March 2011, a personal protection order (“PPO”) was granted by consent
against the husband in favour of the wife. The PPO was admitted by the husband
to be on the basis of use of harsh language against the wife during the
marriage. On 23 August 2011, an interim judgment for divorce was granted on
the basis of the husband’s unreasonable behaviour, after the husband admitted
to:

(a) unreasonable use of verbally abusive language;

(b) using expletives, vulgarities and rude comments in arguments at Petaling
Jaya, Malaysia, on 24 October 2009; and

(c) using coarse, harsh and hurtful language throughout the marriage,
especially after the US divorce proceedings in 2004 which were instituted by
the wife and subsequently withdrawn.

7 On 12 December 2011, District Judge Amy Tung (“the District Judge”) made an
order granting the wife continued interim sole care and control of [E] and
gave the wife permission to permanently relocate out of Singapore with [E], to
return home to Oak Brook, Illinois, in the US (“the 12 December order”).

8 The 12 December order was the subject of the appeal before me. In the
appeal, parties first proceeded with arguments relating to relocation
(Registrar’s Appeal No 231 of 2011).

The law on relocation

The parties’ submissions

9 The husband argued that the Court of Appeal in _Re C (an infant)_ [2003] 1
SLR(R) 502 (“ _Re C_ ”) did not establish a mechanistic rule that the court
would allow a primary caregiver’s application to relocate with the child
unless one of two circumstances was shown:

(a) That it was unreasonable to seek relocation; or

(b) That the child’s best interests were incompatible with the desire of the
applicant parent to live abroad.

10 In particular, the husband’s contention was that the authorities (for
example, _Payne v Payne_ [2001] 2 WLR 1826 (“ _Payne_ ”)) indicate that the
wishes of the applicant-parent, while important, were but one factor in the
balancing exercise and not decisive. He argued that the best interests of the
child are not always aligned with the wishes of the primary caregiver and
factors such as the wishes expressed by the child; whether the reduced level
of contact afforded to the non-applicant parent would be compatible with the
child’s best interests, the potential negative impact of relocation in terms
of the loss of stability, _etc_ , ought to be given weight as well.

11 The wife asserted that while the welfare of the child is the paramount
consideration, the authorities stress the importance of recognising and
supporting the function of the primary caregiver. In the rest of her
arguments, the wife mostly aligned herself with the District Judge’s decision.

Applicable law

12 In my view, despite the parties’ apparent disagreement about the position
at law, the authorities are _ad idem_ on the issue. The Court of Appeal in _Re
C_ sets out the general approach succinctly at [22]:

... It is the reasonableness of the party having custody to want to take the
child out of jurisdiction which will be determinative, and always keeping in
mind that the paramount consideration is the welfare of the child. If the
motive of the party seeking to take the child out of jurisdiction was to end
contact between the child and the other parent, then that would be a very
strong factor to refuse the application. Therefore, if it is shown that the
move abroad by the person or parent having custody is not unreasonable or done
in bad faith, then the court should only disallow the child to be taken out of
jurisdiction if it is shown that the interest of the child is incompatible
with the desire of such person or parent living abroad. As quoted by Ormrod LJ
in _Chamberlain v de la Mare_ (1983) 4 FLR 434 from his decision in _Moodey v
Field_ (unreported judgment dated 13 February 1981):

The question therefore in each case is, is the proposed move a reasonable one
from the point of view of the adults involved? If the answer is yes, then
leave should only be refused if it is clearly shown beyond any doubt that the
interests of the children and the interests of the custodial parent are
incompatible. One might postulate a situation where a boy or girl is well
settled in a boarding school, or something of that kind, and it could be said
to be very disadvantageous to upset the situation and move the child into a
very different educational system. I merely take that as an example. Short of
something like that, the court in principle should not interfere with the
reasonable decision of the custodial parent.

13 In coming to its decision, the English Court of Appeal in _Chamberlain v de
la Mare_ (1983) 4 FLR 434 (“ _Chamberlain_ ”) attached considerable weight to
the authority of two prior English decisions: _Poel v Poel_ [1970] 1 WLR 1469
(“ _Poel_ ”) and _Nash v Nash_ [1973] 2 All ER 704 (“ _Nash_ ”). _Poel_
involved the mother of a two-year-old boy, who was proposing to relocate with
the boy to New Zealand where her new husband had good job prospects. In
allowing the mother’s application, Winn LJ said (at 1473):

... All this is, of course, without the slightest reflection upon the natural
father: I am very firmly of opinion that the child’s happiness is directly
dependent not only upon the health and happiness of his own mother but upon
her freedom from the very likely repercussions, of an adverse character, which
would result affecting her relations with her new husband and her ability to
look after her family peacefully and in a psychological frame of ease, from
the refusal of the permission to take this boy to New Zealand which I think
quite clearly his welfare dictates. ...

Likewise, Sachs LJ, in a passage which has been widely quoted and applied in
the subsequent English decisions observed (also at 1473):

When a marriage breaks up, a situation normally arises when the child of that
marriage, instead of being in the joint custody of both parents, must of
necessity become one who is in the custody of a single parent. Once that
position has arisen and the custody is working well, this court should not
lightly interfere with such reasonable way of life as is selected by that
parent to whom custody has been rightly given. Any such interference may, as
my Lord has pointed out, produce considerable strains which would not only be
unfair to the parent whose way of life is interfered with but also to any new
marriage of that parent. In that way it might well in due course reflect on
the welfare of the child. The way in which the parent who properly has custody
of a child may choose in a reasonable manner to order his or her way of life
is one of those things which the parent who has not been given custody may
well have to bear, even though one has every sympathy with the latter on some
of the results.

14 I should perhaps also note that the above passage by Sachs LJ has led to
some confusion, as it had in the present case. In particular, it is frequently
the indignant retort of the parent opposing a relocation application (as the
husband is doing in the present case), to emphasise that it is the welfare of
the child which is the paramount and overriding consideration, not the
interests of the primary caregiver. Indeed it is; I do not think that the
cases suggest otherwise. What the cases do suggest, however, is that the
welfare of the child is often so inextricably intertwined with the general
well-being and happiness of the primary caregiver that the court is loath to
interfere with important life decisions of the primary caregiver, so long as
they are reasonably made and are not against the interests of the child. The
decision might be difficult for the parent without care and control to accept
but, while one is not without sympathy for a parent in such a situation, the
outcome is one of the unfortunate consequences of divorce and ultimately made
in the best interests of the child.

15 In _Chamberlain_ ([13]  _supra_ ) itself, involving a mother’s application
to take the two children from her former marriage to the US where her new
husband had to go for business, the English Court of Appeal (per Ormrod LJ)
corrected the lower court’s misapprehension of the abovementioned passage of
Sachs LJ, explaining (at 442):

I think the judge read that passage as bringing into the balancing exercise
the interests and welfare of the parent and the new spouse as such. He seems
to have thought that the court was there weighing up the interests of the
children on the one hand, and the interests of the custodial parent on the
other. I do not read it in that sense at all. What Sachs LJ was saying, I
think, is that if the court interferes with the way of life which the
custodial parent is proposing to adopt so that he or she and the new spouse
are compelled to adopt a manner of life which they do not want, and reasonably
do not want, the likelihood is that the frustrations and bitterness which
would result from such an interference with any adult whose career is at stake
would be bound to overflow on to children. It would be bound to prejudice the
relationship between the step-father in this case and the children, whom he
must see as a drag on him (to put it no higher). It is that factor which is so
important which has to be brought into account when the balancing exercise is
done.

16 While the case of _Payne_ ([10]  _supra_) was not cited to our Court of
Appeal in _Re C_ ([9]  _supra_), the holding in _Payne_ was consistent with
the reasoning of the earlier cases. In _Payne_ , the counsel for the father
had argued that the comparative importance of contact between the child and
the absent parent had greatly increased since the earlier cases and, as such,
had sought to convince the court to review its position. Thorpe LJ declined to
do so and his reasons were as follows (at [29]–[32]):

29 ... Throughout my professional life in this specialist field, contact
between child and absent parent has always been seen as an important
ingredient in any welfare appraisal. The language may have shifted but the
proposition seems to have remained constant. ... Furthermore practicalities
are all against this submission. International travel is comparatively cheaper
and more competitive than ever before. Equally communication is cheaper and
the options more varied.

30 ... In a broad sense the health and wellbeing of a child depends upon
emotional and psychological stability and security. Both security and
stability come from the child’s emotional and psychological dependency upon
the primary carer. ...

31 Logically and as a matter of experience the child cannot draw emotional and
psychological security and stability from the dependency unless the primary
carer herself is emotionally and psychologically stable and secure. The parent
cannot give what she herself lacks. ...

32 Thus in most relocation cases the most crucial assessment and finding for
the judge is likely to be the effect of the refusal of the application on the
mother’s future psychological and emotional stability.

Similarly, Dame Elizabeth Butler-Sloss P said at [83] of the same case:

... Reasonable arrangements made by the mother or stepfather to relocate
should not in principle be frustrated, since it would be likely to have
adverse effect upon the new family. It might reflect upon the stability of the
new relationship. The stress upon the second family would inevitably have a
serious adverse effect upon the children whose welfare is paramount. Even if
there is not a new relationship, the effect upon the parent with the residence
order of the frustration of plans for the future might have an equally bad
effect upon the children. If the arrangements are sensible and the proposals
are genuinely important to the applicant parent and the effect of refusal of
the application would be seriously adverse to the new family, _e g_ mother and
child, or the mother, stepfather and child, then this would be, as Griffiths
LJ said, a factor that had to be given great weight when weighing up the
various factors in the balancing exercise.

17 To say that great weight would typically be given to the reasonable wishes
of the primary caregiver to relocate does not mean that it is an
insurmountable factor in favour of allowing the application. Indeed, in the
appropriate case, the court might deem it necessary to deny an application to
relocate as ultimately in reaching its determination the court has, as its
priority, the welfare of the child. In this connection, the following
observgations of Moore-Bick LJ in _MK v CK_ [2011] 3 FCR 111 (“ _MK_ ”) at
[86] are apt:

I accept, of course, that the decision in _Payne v Payne_ is binding on this
court, as it is on all courts apart from the Supreme Court, but it is binding
in the true sense only for its ratio decidendi. Nonetheless, I would also
accept that where this court gives guidance on the proper approach to take in
resolving any particular kind of dispute, judges at all levels must pay heed
to that guidance and depart from it only after careful deliberation and when
it is clear that the particular circumstances of the case require them to do
so in order to give effect to fundamental principles. I am conscious that any
views I express on this subject will be seen as coming from one who has little
familiarity with family law and practice. Nonetheless, having considered
_Payne v Payne_ itself and the authorities in which it has been discussed, I
cannot help thinking that the controversy which now surrounds it is the result
of a failure to distinguish clearly between legal principle and guidance. In
my view Wilson L.J. was, with respect, quite right to warn against endorsing a
parody of the decision. As I read it, the only principle of law enunciated in
_Payne v Payne_ is that the welfare of the child is paramount; all the rest is
guidance. Such difficulty as has arisen is the result of treating that
guidance as if it contained principles of law from which no departure is
permitted. Guidance of the kind provided in _Payne v Payne_ is, of course,
very valuable both in ensuring that judges identify what are likely to be the
most important factors to be taken into account and the weight that should
generally be attached to them. It also plays a valuable role in promoting
consistency in decision-making. However, the circumstances in which these
difficult decisions have to be made vary infinitely and the judge in each case
must be free to weigh up the individual factors and make whatever decision he
or she considers to be in the best interests of the child. As Hedley J said in
_Re Y_ , the welfare of the child overbears all other considerations, however
powerful and reasonable they may be. I do not think that the court in _Payne v
Payne_ intended to suggest otherwise.

18 In the case of _MK_ itself, the court declined to allow the mother’s
application for relocation to Canada with the two children as it could not be
said that she was the primary caregiver: under the shared residence order, the
two children spent five nights with their father every fortnight, and nine
nights with their mother. As the decisions in the line of cases dating back to
_Poel_ ([13]  _supra_) all placed much weight and reliance on the primary
carer status of the applicant, the court disallowed the application.

19 Similarly, in _HKMB v LML_ [2007] HKCU 291, a decision of the Hong Kong
District Court which was cited by the husband, the court disallowed the
father’s (the primary caregiver) application for relocation with his son to
Malaysia after it determined, _inter alia_ , that the father’s relocation was
likely to be motivated by vengeance and not genuine (see [89]).

20 Having considered the above authorities, it seems to me that what is beyond
doubt in all the cases, is that the welfare of the child is the paramount
consideration. However, since the long-term interests of the child are closely
aligned with the emotional and psychological well-being of the primary
caregiver, the court will place considerable weight on an application by the
primary caregiver for relocation with the child, provided that such
application is based on reasonable grounds and not made in bad faith. The
court will also be sensitive to other factors in this balancing exercise,
although in most cases where the desire of the primary caregiver to relocate
is reasonable and genuine, the court is likely to grant the application.

21 With the guidance gleaned from the above cases in mind, I turn now to
consider the facts of the present case.

Was the wife’s decision to relocate to the US reasonable?

22 There were a myriad of factors at play here. Having considered the totality
of the circumstances, I am of the view that the wife’s decision to relocate
back to the US was perfectly understandable and eminently reasonable.

The wife feels alienated and isolated in Singapore

23 It is evident that despite her best efforts, the wife has never quite been
able to feel comfortable and at home in Singapore. For one, despite having
lived in Singapore since January 2006, the wife did not become a permanent
resident (“PR”) or even hold a dependent’s pass. While the wife could easily
have obtained PR status if her application was supported by the husband, he
adamantly refused, ostensibly because she would not be able to drive a cheaper
Malaysian registered car in Singapore if she became a PR. As a result, the
wife was previously on a social visit pass and subsequently an employment pass
which was valid for only two years and has since expired. The wife’s uncertain
residential status in Singapore contributed to her feeling insecure and
vulnerable. Perhaps more insidiously, it compelled her to remain heavily
reliant on the husband despite the breakdown in their relationship, depriving
her of the much needed autonomy and confidence required to move on with her
life.

24 The husband is not only keenly aware of the wife’s vulnerability and
insecurities, but has sought to exploit it to his advantage. One area where
this is starkly apparent is in relation to [E’s] education: while the wife was
very keen to get [E] in to a good school in Singapore, she required the
husband’s help. A March 2009 conversation between the parties in the car,
recorded by the wife, is revealing:

The husband: |  That’s why you don’t [regard] me as your enemy [AYZ], I am a deadly enemy.  
---|---  
The wife: |  What enemy?  
The husband: |  Deadly enemy. I am a deadly enemy and I never forget as you know. I never forget until the score is over. You want to pay. Your school education is dead already. In 3 months you are finished. You’re wrong. You’re wrong to try and fight me now. All your dream school you can forget about it. Even international school also cannot already. Without me, you cannot get it. ...  
... |   
The husband: |  ... Why should I put up with you? What do you bring to the table that’s so great? Nothing. What do you bring to the table actually? Everything is just me. I/C, passport, registration of school. All is me. You got nothing. What do you bring to the table? Sooner or later she cannot go to school in Singapore. You play like this with me? Sooner or later she cannot go to school in Singapore. She by default cannot go to school in Singapore. ... You think you are smarter than me ah. Ok. I cancel everything. I cancel credit card. I cancel every [expletive] thing that you have. I cancel the Starhub. I cancel everything. You want to do yourself. You try and get everything yourself. You don’t use my name. You don’t use any of my [expletive] things. See where you are.  
[ The wife’s 18th affidavit at pp 96 and 107.]  
  
  

25 It is easy to underestimate the sense of diffidence and vulnerability a
person feels in a foreign country, no matter how well-travelled that person
might appear to be. In the wife’s case, the problem is exacerbated by the fact
that she was married to an extremely rich and allegedly influential man. The
following exchange, also from the March 2009 car conversation, might appear
ludicrous at first blush, but when considered in the context of the
predicament the wife was in, evinces the sense of helplessness she felt in
Singapore:

The wife: |  I don’t know if we’re allowed to stay in Singapore or not. I don’t know.  
---|---  
The husband: |  I guarantee I will do my worse [_sic_] to not allow you to stay in Singapore. I promise you, I will do my worse [_sic_].  
The wife: |  How do you prevent me from not staying in Singapore. On the undesirable list?  
The husband: |  Unwanted la.  
The wife: |  Unwanted for what? How could I be that? Like what? What could I have done that’s wrong?  
The husband: |  I don’t know. Anything. Drugs?  
The wife: |  I don’t deal with drugs.  
The husband: |  I testify that you’ve been doing all these things.  
The wife: |  You’re going to claim that I’ve been dealing with drugs?!!  
The husband: |  It can be anything. I can claim anything. I can get other people to claim all sorts of things.  
The wife: |  Who’s going to claim that I’ve tried all these things?  
The husband: |  Don’t believe me. Ask whether I’ve power to do it. Whether I have the contacts to do it.  
The wife: |  You mean you have the contacts in the legal system to do it?  
The husband: |  Don’t need legal system.  
[The wife’s 18th affidavit at p 95.]  
  
  

26 It also certainly did not help that the wife has no family members or close
friends in Singapore to act as a support group for her. In her own words, “I
have no family members in Singapore and am unable to confide in many people or
have many friends. It is an extremely isolated existence.”

27 At this juncture, I note that in an attempt to raise some doubt about the
veracity of the wife’s claim that she felt alone and isolated in Singapore,
the husband had pointed out that the wife had, on 26 April 2011, made the
following declaration to the New York courts: “My roots are now firmly
embedded in Singapore, where [AZB] and I have lived for approximately the past
six (6) years.” It may be that the wife preferred to have the matrimonial
proceedings in Singapore rather than in New York for fear that the pre-nuptial
agreement between the parties would likely be upheld in a New York court as a
matter of course. Nevertheless, whatever might have been the reason for the
declaration, I remain of the view that, on balance, the wife’s decision to
relocate is a genuine and reasonable one.

28 Having just emerged from, metaphorically speaking, the ruins of a painful
divorce, and having had her self-esteem undermined by years of abuse by the
husband, it is only understandable that the wife wishes to be in an
environment where she has the best chance of regaining psychological and
emotional stability. The following observations of Thorpe LJ in the case of
_Payne_ ([10]  _supra_) are apposite:

... The disintegration of a family unit is invariably emotionally and
psychologically turbulent. The mother who emerges with the responsibility of
making the home for the children may recover her sense of wellbeing simply by
coping over a passage of time. But often the mother may be in need of external
support, whether financial, emotional or social. ... Alternatively the
disintegration of the family unit may leave the mother in a society to which
she was carried by the impetus of family life before its failure. Commonly in
that event she may feel isolated and driven to seek the support she lacks by
returning to her homeland, her family and her friends. ... In the case of the
isolated mother, to deny her the support of her family and a return to her
roots may have an even greater psychological detriment and she may have no one
who might share her distress or alleviate her depression. ...

Being back in the US will be greatly beneficial for the wife

29 The wife’s decision to relocate back to Oak Brook, Illinois, in the US,
will enable her to get the support she needs to move on from the messy
breakdown of her marriage. In particular, the wife will be comforted by the
nurturing company of her close, supportive and loving family. She plans to
live with her parents whom she is close to; her three siblings and their
children also appear to be frequent visitors to the family home.

30 In addition, the wife, who is now around 50 years of age, will find it
easier to find a job and retain her independence back home in Oak Brook,
Illinois, than in Singapore. Despite her work experience in her younger days,
given the years she spent as a homemaker, it will be exceedingly difficult for
her to re-enter the work place at a level commensurate with her expectations
and needs. Back home in the US, however, as she pointed out, “while the work
market in the US is not at its optimum level, old friends and contacts I have
there can help me to secure a job, if need be”.

31 There were also some suggestions by the husband that the wife’s decision to
relocate was engineered so as to extract more maintenance out of him. While
the wife’s financial circumstances were certainly one of the myriad of factors
influencing her decision to relocate, to paint the wife’s application to
relocate as being premised “primarily on financial grounds” would be overly
simplistic. As illustrated above, her plan to move back to the US appears to
be driven by much more than just her material well-being, and any attempt to
paint a different picture would be unfair. The following words of the wife, in
her affidavit, are sobering:

200\. Meanwhile, I am a nearly 50 year old Caucasian woman living as a single
mother in Asia without family and relying on a transient support network. Now
it appears that I will have to go back to work full-time to support myself and
supplement the meager maintenance that the Defendant is providing for his only
child.

201\. My prospects as a woman, at this age and being Caucasian, of finding
either a casual boyfriend or life long partner are extremely limited at best
in Singapore. I am devastated that due to the Defendant’s behaviour, I never
had more children and will now have a broken family. All this in addition to
my having no family here, leaves me very isolated and alone and that is not
good for me, neither is it good for [E].

[The wife’s 13th affidavit at p 63.]

32 In the light of the foregoing, I am of the view that the wife’s decision to
relocate back to the US is reasonable, genuine and not in bad faith.

Is it in [E’s] best interest to relocate to the US?

33 While the wife’s decision to relocate is reasonable, I am of course mindful
that the litmus test is whether the best interests of [E] would be served by a
move back to the US.

The wife’s relationship with [E]

34 I turn first to consider the relationship between the wife and [E]. After
all, the real reason for the courts placing such great weight on a reasonable
application by a primary caregiver to relocate with the child is grounded in
the premise that the well-being of the child and that of the primary caregiver
are inextricably tied together.

35 It is evident that the wife plays a primary and central role in [E’s] life;
she is the “constant in the child’s life”. This is hardly surprising since she
is a homemaker who has been [E’s] primary caregiver since she was born. In
contrast, the husband had always been busy with his various business concerns
and travelled abroad often for both business and pleasure. For instance, while
the husband made suggestions about good schools to place [E] in, it was the
wife who personally visited and researched various Singapore schools before
placing [E] in her current primary school. Furthermore, it is also the wife
who monitors and works closely with [E’s] tutors to ensure that she is keeping
up with her school work. In the District Judge’s words (at [7] of her grounds
of decision):

The reality of the situation is that for the whole of eight years, it was the
plaintiff who has been looking after [E], tending to her every need, giving
her support, helping with her school work and nurturing her on a daily basis.
From the plaintiff’s various affidavits, it was obvious to me that [E’s] well-
being is always at the foremost of the plaintiff’s mind. The meticulous care
that she has put into looking after this child covers all aspects of the
child’s well-being, including her physical, mental, emotional and
psychological well-being. ...

36 I am in full agreement with the view expressed by the District Judge.
Accordingly, in reviewing the relocation application, I placed significant
weight on the fact that [E’s] best interests and well-being will be best
served if the wife’s own emotional and psychological needs are taken care of.
This was an important factor weighing in favour of the District Judge granting
the application.

Other factors

37 Next, I considered the other factors raised by the parties, principally to
examine if there was anything which indicated that it would not, in fact, be
in [E’s] best interests to relocate to the US. While I am entitled to place
significant weight on the wife’s application, I am mindful of the need to
balance the different considerations to ensure that relocation is the course
that is most consistent with promoting the welfare and interests of [E].

Loss of contact with the husband

38 In all cases involving relocation applications, the inevitable and
unfortunate result, should the application be granted, would be that the child
would be deprived of contact time with the other parent. While this, to some
extent, has been ameliorated by recent advances in phone and internet
technology and the greater ease of travel, it would be insensitive to ignore
the impact this might have on the child. Nevertheless, as mentioned above,
unless it can be shown that to deprive the child of such contact would be so
detrimental as to negate the benefits to the child from having the primary
caregiver’s emotional and psychological needs taken care of, the relocation
application would still be granted.

39 In that connection, I am of the view that there is nothing in the present
case indicating that depriving [E] of contact with her father would be of such
detriment to her as to justify a denial of the application.

Relationship between [E] and her father

40 While I have no doubt that there is some degree of mutual love and
affection between father and daughter, I could not help but also observe that
the husband has not been a good influence on [E].

41 First, there were the incidents of [E] chancing upon pornographic material
on the husband’s phone. Even accepting that the incidents were the result of
pranks played by the husband’s friends, I find the husband’s nonchalance about
the entire incident troubling. I should also point out that these were not the
only incidents which revealed the husband’s proclivity for pornography;
equally troubling was the fact that the husband’s pornographic material was
found lying around in the family’s house at Petaling Jaya and, in particular,
a video with a sexually explicit cover was found right next to [E’s] Winnie
the Pooh video. While the husband may claim to be entitled to live his private
life any way he pleases, regard must be had to the influence he could have on
[E], a young girl on the cusp of adolescence.

42 Next, the husband also used foul language in [E’s] presence, without regard
to [E’s] feelings. The following exchange, recorded in October 2009, is but
one example:

[E]: |  I want to watch tv.  
---|---  
The husband: |  You didn’t hug me last night. I asked you to hug me last night. You don’t want. You think I’m going to be nice to you today? There’s a price for everything in life! Pay the price! I will cancel. I want to cancel this place. I don’t think I should sacrifice anymore. Because I think that I’m the one sacrificing for all, you’re just benefitting. And you’re telling me that I cannot sleep with her. What the [expletive]. I want to mesh you all up and see where it all crumbles to.  
The wife: |  [AZB], I see your perspective on sleeping with her. I thought it would be helpful for her sleeping on her own, becoming more ...  
The husband: |  Helpful for her? Or helpful for who? What is the consideration for [AZB] since I pay for all the freaking bills and you are a leech and you just suck. What is the benefit for [AZB]?  
The wife: |  I see your point.  
The husband: |  You see my point? You see the [expletive] pennies, you see my point. You see the [expletive] dollars. You should have talked about it earlier. I should blow up the [expletive] thing. ...  
The wife: |  (Mumbles) What?  
[E]: |  (Mumbles)  
The husband: |  I struggle up here up myself. So what’s the point ...  
The wife: |  The holiday, we’ll be here right?  
The husband: |  [Expletive] the holiday. I’ll be here. You compensate me with your holiday. Your compensation is with your holidays! Who are you talking to [AZY]? Come on. [E], you want me to throw the tv out of the house? I move the tv out of the house! Turn it off now!  
[E]: |  But ...  
The husband: |  How dare you turn it on when I say you cannot turn it on! All of you taking advantage of me. Your mother! Bad influence!  
[Respondent’s skeletal submissions at pp 153 and 154.]  
  
  

Suffice it to say that the extracts above were but a snapshot of the husband’s
reprehensible behaviour in the presence of his daughter.

About-turn in the husband’s attitude towards [E]

43 I also note that there appeared to have been an about-turn in the husband’s
attitude towards [E] once legal proceedings were properly afoot. Perhaps
living up to his self-proclaimed moniker, “the King of Con”, the husband
suddenly transformed from a father who referred to [E] as “a [expletive]
angmoh girl”, to one who would shower [E] with lavish gifts and unstinting
attention. One example of the gifts would be the purchase of a puppy for [E].
Another would be the purchase of an Apple iPhone, which allowed the husband to
communicate daily with [E] via SMSs (short message service) and show his
“concern” for her and also to undermine [E’s] relationship with the wife. That
[E] has been spoilt by the husband and has now come to expect gifts all the
time is revealed by the series of SMSs exchanged between father and daughter:

_2 April 2010_ |   
---|---  
The husband: |  Have got your laser light you wanted and your water stickers. See you soon.  
_15 April 2010_ |   
[E]: |  Are you going to [_sic_] my dog?  
The husband: |  Yes will bring pudgee. We can get the butterfly tag you wanted. Love you.  
_11 February 2011_ |   
[E]: |  On Saturday were [_sic_] do you want to go or maybe we could go shopping to get shoes and shorts, dresses and all kinds of stuff what do you think? I am sick ...  
[E]: |  Is that ok.  
[E]: |  Any one home.  
The husband: |  Yes poopy. We can do that. Are you ok?  
  
  

44 It is unfortunate that under the influence of the husband [E] has become
disrespectful and demanding. For instance, on 11 September 2010, while the
wife was singing a lullaby to [E], she aggressively shouted “stupid” at the
wife. [E] had also previously shouted at the wife, accusing the wife of
causing the husband to sell his Ferrari car to pay his lawyers. While these
incidents of bad behaviour by [E] were sporadic in nature, the husband’s
pattern of bad behaviour in [E’s] presence is worrying. It also weakens his
case against the wife.

Opinion of the psychologist

45 In her reports dated 26 and 27 February 2012, Ms Koo Shen Lin (“Ms Koo”), a
registered psychologist who was previously appointed to assess and treat [E],
opined, _inter alia_ , that:

(a) she believed that [E] would have an adverse reaction to the relocation;

(b) she believed that the husband was now able to exercise precaution and
discretion when conversing with [E], after she took on the role as his
psychologist;

(c) contrary to the District Judge’s findings, that it is neither safe nor
appropriate to conclude that “improper influence” exerted by the husband is
the sole cause that has made it difficult for the wife to parent [E] properly;

(d) contrary to the District Judge’s findings, it is difficult to conclude
that the increasing defiance and rude behaviour by [E] were largely or solely
the product of the father’s influence;

(e) none of her findings should be taken to mean that the husband is a bad
influence on [E]; and

(f) if relocation is not a necessity, then it is in [E’s] best interest to not
relocate.

46 The recommendations in these two reports by Ms Koo were inconsistent with
some of her earlier opinions. In particular, the recommendations contradicted
her earlier position in a 10 October 2011 report where she had declared that
“she [was] not responsible and [was] unable to answer questions relating to
the wife’s relocation of [E] to the United States and the impact on [E]”.

47 In addition, while Ms Koo has concluded in another earlier report dated 11
September 2011 (“11 September 2011 report”) that [E] had been subjected to
improper parental influence from the husband, in her last report dated 20
March 2012 she claims that she has neither found nor suggested in any of her
reports that the husband had asserted “parental alienation” on [E].

48 In _Sakthivel_ _Punithavathi v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 983,
later cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Ong Pang Siew v Public
Prosecutor_ [2011] 1 SLR 606, the court stated at [76]:

What is axiomatic is that a judge is not entitled to substitute his own views
for those of an uncontradicted expert’s: _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR(R)
1. Be that as it may, a court must not on the other hand unquestioningly
accept unchallenged evidence. Evidence must invariably be sifted, weighed and
evaluated in the context of the factual matrix and in particular, the
objective facts. An expert’s opinion ‘should not fly in the face of proven
extrinsic facts relevant to the matter’ _per_ Yong Pung How CJ in _Khoo James
v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_ [2002] 2 SLR(R) 414 at [65]. In reality,
substantially the same rules apply to the evaluation of expert testimony as
they would to other categories of witness testimony. Content credibility,
evidence of partiality, coherence and a need to analyse the evidence in the
context of established facts remain vital considerations; demeanour, however,
more often than not recedes into the background as a yardstick.

49 The shift in Ms Koo’s position also came after she assumed her role as the
husband’s psychologist, which places her in a position of conflict between her
roles as an independent assessor of [E] and counsellor to the husband. It is
also notable that Ms Koo changed her opinion only after [E] ceased
consultations with her on 11 December 2011. In other words, while her earlier
findings were based mostly on observations during actual consultations with
[E], the later reports were based not on new observations of [E’s] behaviour
but _ex post facto_ analysis of the material gleaned from previous sessions,
the affidavits filed for the purposes of these proceedings and the conclusions
of the husband’s own expert witness, Dr Brian Yeo.

50 For example, in the earlier 11 September 2011 report, Ms Koo had initially
stated:

6.4 The assessor noticed that [AZB] sat nearby and observed [E’s] outburst
without addressing it. Finally, the assessor had to intervene and explained to
[E] why parents may seem ‘mean’ when they say ‘no’ to their children’s
request. Upon hearing that, [E] became slightly upset and threw a few of the
assessor’s marker pens on the floor at [AZB’s] feet. The assessor noticed that
[AZB] neither said anything to help her understand why [AYZ] might have said
no to [E’s] request nor did he caution her that throwing the assessor’s things
was unacceptable. The assessor noted that he did not correct [E], explain or
guide in her a more positive manner whenever she had a ‘negative/bad’ opinion
about [AYZ].

...

7.6 The assessor can also conclude from conversations and observations of [E]
with [AZB] that [E] is very affectionate towards [AZB]. It can also be seen
from her ‘secret’ notes that she longs to spend more time with him. The
assessor believes that the affection that [E] has for [AZB] is genuine and
vice versa. However, [AZB] should take proper care when speaking with [E] and
she should not be made aware of future court proceedings. He should also take
care not to share his own (negative) opinion of [AYZ] with [E] which can cause
a rift and harm the mother and child relationship. ...

But by the time of her report on 26 February 2012, she had altered her initial
stance:

(1) While it may be that [AYZ] has a more difficult time parenting [E] now
than in the past, it is neither appropriate nor safe to conclude that the
‘improper influence’ exerted by [AZB] is the _sole cause_ that ‘has made it
difficult for [E’s mother] to parent [E] properly’.

(2) As I had concluded in my report dated 11 September 2011, [E] has over time
become progressively angrier and became more rude and disrespectful towards
[AYZ] at times of disagreement because [AZB] had, in the past, ‘improperly
influenced’ her. However, I agree with Dr. Brian Yeo’s comment/observation
that the ‘improper influence’ may or may not have made it _significantly more
difficult overall_ for [AYZ] to parent [E] properly. ...

[emphasis in original]

51 As highlighted above, since September 2011, Ms Koo had been seeing the
husband fortnightly for one-to-one counselling sessions and assumed the role
of his personal psychologist. In light of the various inconsistencies in Ms
Koo’s reports, I thus placed little weight on her subsequent reports (opining
that relocation was not in [E’s] best interest).

[E’s] friends/schooling

52 The husband also raised some concerns that since [E] is currently well-
settled in school in Singapore, with many friends, the relocation would be
detrimental to her well-being. While I do not dismiss the validity of this
concern, one should not under-estimate the adaptability and resilience of
young children generally. Neither is the school that [E] goes to a boarding
school around which the entire life of the child is centred mainly around the
school. While relocation to an entirely new country is going to involve some
degree of adjustment for any person, as the District Judge rightly pointed
out, what is important here is the stabilising influence of the wife in [E’s]
life. Furthermore, it has been variously pointed out in Ms Koo’ reports and
apparent from the affidavits filed that [E] is a vivacious and sociable child
for whom the adjustment is likely to be less difficult than most other
children. The wife has also made plans to enrole [E] in a school at Oak Brook
and there is little doubt that [E] would be able to make new friends and
settle into life in Oak Brook without too much difficulty.

53 In relation to the quality of the schooling [E] would be exposed to, it
would not be fair or meaningful to compare the educational institutions in Oak
Brook and Singapore as each would have its own strengths and drawbacks. For
instance, while a child might have better exposure to Mandarin due to the
compulsory Mandarin classes in local schools, it is often said that the
American system has a stronger focus on creative thinking. At the end of the
day, it is often the child’s own motivational level and parental support which
would make the difference.

Whether the relocation application should be allowed while the ancillaries are
still pending

54 The husband’s main contention here is that since the wife’s financial
position could improve dramatically once the ancillaries are concluded, it
would not be prudent to decide on the relocation application at the current
juncture, especially since the wife could change her mind about relocating if
that happens.

55 In the first place, contrary to the husband’s assertion, there is nothing
to indicate that the wife’s motivation for relocation was based primarily on
financial reasons. Indeed, as explained at [31] above, the opposite is true.
As such, even if the wife was to be awarded a significant proportion of the
matrimonial assets – which is currently, at best, a speculative assumption
and, at worst, an unlikely proposition since the parties have a pre-nuptial
agreement – it is unlikely to affect her decision to relocate.

56 Next, as the District Judge pointed out, given that there is a significant
difference between the estimated value (by the wife) and the declared value
(by the husband) of the husband’s assets, the ancillaries are likely to be
protracted with discovery applications and interrogatories. To delay the
wife’s plan to relocate would unnecessarily prolong her agony and discomfort
and ultimately not be in [E’s] best interest.

57 In any case, I should also point out that the wife is not obliged to
proceed with her plans to relocate to the US simply because her application
for relocation had been granted by the court. If the husband was indeed right
that the wife might reconsider her plans to relocate should her financial
position improve significantly, it is still open to him to come to a
settlement with her so as to sway her decision. He is certainly not precluded
from doing so by the decision of this court, if he so wishes.

58 Having considered and weighed the relevant factors, I came to the
conclusion that it would ultimately be in [E’s] best interests to allow her to
relocate to the US with the wife. This was especially since the wife’s wish to
relocate was reasonable and genuine, with nothing to persuade me that it would
not be in [E’s] interest to be in a country where her primary caregiver would
be in the best physical, mental and psychological state to look after her
needs. I would further add that, given the husband’s financial means, while he
may not get to see [E] as much as he would like, it would also not be too
difficult for him to make the necessary arrangements to travel down to the US
to spend time with her.

Conclusion

59 In light of the above, I dismissed the appeal and upheld the District
Judge’s decision to allow the wife to relocate to the US together with [E]. I
also made the following further orders:

(a) Counsel for both parties to address the District Judge on the issue of the
husband’s access upon relocation.

(b) In relation to paragraph 8 of the District Judge’s order, the husband is
cautioned that breach of the order may result in penal consequences.

(c) Counsel for both parties to submit before the District Judge on the actual
relocation date and other details.

60 In view of this decision, I made no order in regard to the appeal on
interim custody, care and control (Registrar’s Appeals Nos 232 and 233 of
2011). The costs of this appeal are to be taxed unless agreed between the
parties.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

