Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  SAAG Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as Derrick Services
Singapore Pte Ltd) _v_ Shaik Abu Bakar bin Abdul Sukol and another and another
appeal  
[2012] SGCA 7

Case Number| :| Civil Appeals Nos 55 and 56 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 January 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tito Isaac, Justin Chan, Ho Seng Giap and Denyse Yeo
(Tito Isaac & Co LLP) for the appellant in Civil Appeals Nos 55 and 56 of
2011; Krishna Morthy and Udeh Kumar s/o Sethuraju (S K Kumar Law Practice LLP)
for the first respondent in Civil Appeal No 55 of 2011; K Anparasan and Grace
Tan (KhattarWong) for the second respondent in Civil Appeal No 55 of 2011;
Ramasamy K Chettiar (Acies Law LLC) and Nasser Ismail (Md Nasser Ismail & Co)
for the respondent in Civil Appeal No 56 of 2011.  
Parties| :|  SAAG Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (formerly known as Derrick
Services Singapore Pte Ltd) — Shaik Abu Bakar bin Abdul Sukol and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: The decision from which this appeal arose is reported
at [2011] 4 SLR 825.]

30 January 2012|  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 The present appeals, _viz_ , Civil Appeal No 55 of 2011 (“CA 55/2011”) and
Civil Appeal No 56 of 2011 (“CA 56/2011”), were appeals from the decision of
the High Court judge (“the Judge”) in, respectively, Summons No 4266 of 2010
in Suit No 717 of 2009 (“S 717/2009”) and Summons No 2768 of 2010 in Suit No
183 of 2010 (“S 183/2010”), wherein he determined the following question of
law posed under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) in
the negative (see _Azman bin Kamis v Saag Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Derrick Services Singapore Pte Ltd) and another suit_
[2011] 4 SLR 825 (“the GD”) at [1]):

Whether the … causes of action [of the first respondent in CA 55/2011 and the
respondent in CA 56/2011] … against the [appellant in the present appeals]
have been extinguished and/or barred and/or precluded from being maintained
consequent to the Scheme of Compromise and Arrangement dated 3 July 2008 which
has been duly completed, performed and fulfilled according to its terms by 4
May 2009.

2 After hearing the submissions of the parties, we allowed both appeals. The
result of our decision was that the first respondent in CA 55/2011 and the
respondent in CA 56/2011 (collectively, “the Respondents”) were precluded from
pursuing their common law claims for damages against the appellant in the
present appeals (“the Appellant”) because of the Scheme of Compromise and
Arrangement dated 3 July 2008 (“the Scheme”). We now give the reasons for our
decision.

Facts

The parties

3 The Appellant, SAAG Oilfield Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (“SAAG Singapore”), was
formerly known as Derrick Services Singapore Pte Ltd (“Derrick”) until Derrick
was rehabilitated and taken over by SAAG Singapore pursuant to the Scheme.

4 The first respondent in CA 55/2011, Shaik Abu Bakar bin Abdul Sukol
(“Shaik”), and the respondent in CA 56/2011, Azman bin Kamis (“Azman”), were
workmen employed by Derrick. They sustained injuries in the course of their
employment, and commenced common law tort actions against Derrick and/or SAAG
Singapore. The second respondent in CA 55/2011 had no role in the appeal.

Background to the dispute

5 The relevant facts giving rise to the claims by the Respondents were not in
dispute and may be shortly stated.

The Respondents suffered injuries and lodged statutory compensation claims

6 On 14 August 2007, Azman suffered an injury due to an industrial accident.
On 4 February 2008, Shaik also suffered injuries due to an industrial
accident.

7 Both the Respondents lodged statutory claims for workmen’s compensation
under the Workmen’s Compensation Act (Cap 354, 1998 Rev Ed) (“WCA”). Shaik’s
WCA claim was lodged on or around 11 February 2008, while Azman’s WCA claim
was lodged on 7 April 2008.

Derrick entered provisional liquidation

8 On 24 March 2008, Derrick entered provisional liquidation. The efforts of
the provisional liquidator, M/s Ferrier Hodgson, resulted in the securing of
SAAG Singapore as a “white knight” investor prepared to save Derrick from
liquidation by acquiring control of Derrick pursuant to an investment
agreement conditional upon creditor approval of the Scheme.

9 The material terms of the Scheme for present purposes were as follows:[note:
1]

**1.** **Definitions**

**1.1** In this Scheme, except where the context or subject matter otherwise
indicates or requires, the following expressions shall have the meaning set
out opposite or following the expressions respectively:

**Act** means the Companies Act (Cap. 50, 2006 Rev. Ed.);

…

**Claims Cut-Off Date** means 22 October 2008;

**Company** means Derrick …

…

**Court Meeting** means the meeting (or adjournment thereof) of the Scheme
Creditors summoned pursuant to [an] order of the Court made pursuant to
sections 210 and 211 of the Act for such meeting to be convened for the
purpose of considering and, if thought fit, to approve this Scheme;

**Court Meeting Date** means a date not later than 25 July 2008 or, in the
case of an adjournment of any of the Court Meetings, the date of the later
adjournment thereof;

…

**Excluded Creditors** means Preferential Creditors hereto and persons to whom
any rights of the foregoing persons have been assigned or transferred, and
Excluded Creditor means any one of the Excluded Creditors;

…

**Liability** means _any obligation, liability or indebtedness of a person
whether it is present, future, prospective or contingent, whether its amount
is fixed or unliquidated, whether it arises in contract, tort, restitution or
otherwise_ , whether or not it involves the payment of money, which arises at
common law, in equity, by statute (in Singapore or in any other jurisdiction)
or which arises pursuant to a valid assignment or a valid authority to pay any
amount on behalf of a person or in any other manner whatsoever provided that
such expression does not include any obligation or liability which is barred
by statute or one for which no remedy may be granted or is otherwise
unenforceable. For the avoidance of doubt, where any obligation or liability
under a contract or policy is void or, being voidable, has been duly avoided,
no obligation or liability shall arise in respect of such obligation or
liability;

…

**Preferential Creditors** means any person who has a claim against the
Company that would be entitled to priority in the case of a winding-up of the
Company as set out in Schedule 1 [Schedule 1 of the Scheme sets out a number
of “Preferential Creditors”, the most important for present purposes being
creditors for “all amounts due in respect of workmen’s compensation under the
[WCA] accrued before, on or after the commencement of the winding up”];[note:
2]

**Proof of Debt** means a declaration executed by a Scheme Creditor in respect
of the Scheme Claims claimed against the Company …

…

**Scheme** means this scheme of compromise and arrangement including all such
amendments, additions and variations thereto as may be required, approved or
sanctioned by the Court in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Act;

**Scheme Claim** in relation to any Scheme Creditor means the total amount of
Liabilities (including any Liabilities that had been agreed between the
Company and the respective Scheme Creditor but had not [been] paid prior to 24
March 2008), if any, as at 24 March 2008 for which the Company is or may be
liable to that Scheme Creditor (whether contingently or otherwise) after
deducting the value of any Security held by the Scheme Creditor, in respect of
or arising from any and all act[s], omissions, agreements, transactions,
dealings, matters and events whatsoever effected, occurring or otherwise
taking place at any time prior to … 24 March 2008, and which determination
shall be subject to the provisions of this Scheme;

**Scheme Creditor** means a creditor of the Company (other than an Excluded
Creditor) who has a Scheme Claim;

…

**Security** means any mortgage, pledge, charge or other security on or
against any property, right or entitlement whatsoever of the Company, that a
Scheme Creditor has as at 24 March 2008 to secure its Scheme Claim;

…

**2.** **The Scheme**

**2.1** **Preliminary**

**2.1.1** The purposes of this Scheme which is proposed by the Company are to
procure, in consideration of the matters set out in this Scheme the discharge
and release of all claims by Scheme Creditors relating to the Scheme Claims
against the Company.

…

**5.** **Payment to Scheme Creditors**

…

**5.4** Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Scheme Creditor
who has failed to submit … a Proof of Debt in respect of its Scheme Claim on
or before the Claims Cut-Off Date, shall not be entitled to payment of his
Scheme Claim, and with effect from the Claims Cut-Off Date, the Company shall
be completely and absolutely discharged from that Scheme Creditor’s Scheme
Claim.

…

**7.** **Effect of Scheme**

…

**7.2** Save as provided for and permitted in this Scheme, no Scheme Creditor
shall be entitled to take any action or commence or continue any proceedings
against the Company in any jurisdiction after the Court Meeting Date for or in
connection with the payment or recovery of any sum in respect of or in
connection with the Scheme Creditor’s Scheme Claim.

…

[emphasis in bold in original; emphasis added in italics]

The Scheme

10 Pursuant to s 210(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed), on 24 June
2008, Belinda Ang Saw Ean J (“Belinda Ang J”) ordered that a meeting of
“Scheme Creditors” (as defined in cl 1.1 of the Scheme) be held on 25 July
2008. Notice of the meeting was accordingly sent to all Scheme Creditors (in
accordance with s 211 of the Companies Act). Azman allegedly did not receive
such notice, nor did he see the notice of the meeting advertised in _The
Straits Times_. In contrast, Shaik did receive notice of the meeting or was
otherwise aware of the Scheme.

11 On 25 July 2008, the meeting of the Scheme Creditors unanimously approved
the Scheme, but neither of the Respondents was present at or participated in
the meeting.

12 In accordance with ss 210(3) and 210(4) of the Companies Act, Belinda Ang J
approved the Scheme on 25 August 2008, and the court order approving the
Scheme was lodged with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority the
following day.

The Respondents did not participate in the Scheme

13 On 27 August 2008, Shaik was notified that the Scheme had been approved and
that he was to file a proof of debt.

14 On 20 October 2008, the Ministry of Manpower (“the MOM”) notified Shaik
that it had assessed his WCA compensation at $29,400, but Derrick’s insurance
company objected to this assessment (as did Shaik himself).

15 By 22 October 2008 (the deadline provided by the Scheme for Scheme
Creditors to submit proofs of debt to be dealt with under the Scheme), neither
of the Respondents had submitted any proof of debt, and, thereafter, neither
of them participated in or received payments under the Scheme, which was
terminated as per its terms on 4 May 2009.

The Respondents commenced common law actions

16 On 8 April 2009, Shaik gave notice to the MOM of his intention to withdraw
or suspend his WCA claim and proceed with a common law claim in tort. He filed
a writ (_viz_ , the writ for S 717/2009) against Derrick (subsequently amended
to SAAG Singapore) on 20 August 2009.

17 Likewise, on 15 March 2010, Azman gave notice to the MOM of his intention
to withdraw or suspend his WCA claim and proceed with a common law claim in
tort. He filed a writ (_viz_ , the writ for S 183/2010) against SAAG Singapore
on 16 March 2010.

18 It was common ground that Derrick (and SAAG Singapore) was at all material
times covered by a valid insurance policy in respect of the Respondents’
claims, whether under the WCA or at common law.

The decision below

19 In determining the question of law set out at [1] above (“the O 14 r 12
question”), the Judge first identified (at [20]–[25] of the GD) the purpose of
s 210 of the Companies Act as explained by this court in _The Oriental
Insurance Co Ltd v Reliance National Asia Re Pte Ltd_ [2008] 3 SLR(R) 121 (“
_The Oriental Insurance Co_ ”).

20 The Judge next considered whether the Respondents were “creditors” within
the meaning of s 210(3) of the Companies Act (see [26]–[31] of the GD). At one
point (_viz_ , [29] of the GD) the Judge stated that it was not necessary for
him to decide whether unliquidated tort claimants such as the Respondents were
“creditors” within the meaning of s 210(3). Subsequently, however, he appeared
to conclude (at [30]–[31] of the GD) that the Respondents were not
“creditors”. The main consideration which seemed to have swayed the Judge’s
mind in this regard was the fact that the Respondents’ unliquidated claims in
tort were covered by insurance, and, thus, if the Appellant were held to be
liable, that liability would be met by its insurer and would not affect the
coffers of the Appellant. The Judge then considered whether the Respondents
were “Scheme Creditors” within the meaning of that term as defined by the
Scheme, and held that they were not (see [33] of the GD). In so holding, he
was again influenced by the fact that any tortious liability of the Appellant
to the Respondents would effectively be borne by the Appellant’s insurer. He
also held (at [37] of the GD), however, that even if the Respondents were to
be considered “Scheme Creditors”, they were nonetheless not bound by the
Scheme because they had not received consideration for it.

21 In short, therefore, the Judge held that a scheme of arrangement carried
out in compliance with ss 210–212 of the Companies Act was not binding on tort
claimants (whose claims would necessarily be for unliquidated sums) who did
not participate in the scheme and whose claims were covered by a valid policy
of insurance, with the result that such claimants could commence and maintain
common law tort actions against the company in question notwithstanding the
completion of the scheme.

22 The Appellant was dissatisfied with this result and appealed.

The issues before this court

23 The issues before us on appeal were:

(a) whether the Respondents were “creditors” within the meaning of s 210 of
the Companies Act;

(b) whether the Respondents were “Scheme Creditors” within the meaning of that
term as defined in the Scheme; and

(c) whether the Respondents were therefore bound by the Scheme.

24 In addition, we also gave consideration to a number of other issues which
had not been squarely raised by the parties, but which were also material to
our decision.

Our analysis

25 In the GD, the Judge made a number of prefatory comments regarding the
purpose of s 210 of the Companies Act, and at [23], he said:

The courts have given effect to the underlying legislative policy of the
antecedents of s 210 of the Companies Act by holding that such creditor and
court approved schemes of compromise or arrangement bind all creditors. I
should underscore that what binds the creditors is the compromise or
arrangement set out in the scheme. A compromise or arrangement ordinarily
means a variation by way of restructuring and/or rescheduling of the company’s
debts owed to creditors. **The question here is whether a scheme has the
effect in law of unilaterally**** _extinguishing_****an insured claim in
totality, quite apart from compromising it. A careful reading of s 210 of the
Companies Act** and the underlying legislative policy set out in the cases
cited above, **reveals nothing which supports the proposition that s 210 of
the Companies Act by its terms confers a statutory result that the scheme
extinguishes an insured claim against a company, after the completion and
termination of a scheme**. Debts or claims can ordinarily only be
_compromised_ to the extent provided and performed by the company as set out
in the scheme _vis-à-vis_ each individual creditor or claimant. [emphasis in
italics in original; emphasis added in bold]

With respect, in our opinion, the portions in bold in the above quotation
reveal that the Judge asked the wrong question and therefore misdirected
himself. He drew a distinction between the _compromise_ of a claim or debt and
its _extinction_ , and was of the view that s 210 of the Companies Act only
encompassed the former but not the latter. However, this was a false
dichotomy: as the Judge himself noted in the same paragraph, what binds the
creditors of a company is the compromise or arrangement set out in a scheme of
arrangement, and, therefore, the extent to which a claim against or a debt
owed by the company is compromised obviously depends on the terms of the
scheme itself. If the terms of the scheme dictate it, there is nothing at all
objectionable in concluding that it results in the extinction of claims
against or debts owed by the company. As will be seen, this false premise
coloured the Judge’s approach and affected his conclusions.

Whether the Respondents were “creditors” within the meaning of s 210 of the
Companies Act

26 If the Respondents were not “creditors” within the meaning of s 210 of the
Companies Act, then there could be no question of the Respondents being bound
by the Scheme, and there would be no need for any further inquiry. In every
sense, this was a threshold question, and unless it was answered in the
affirmative, there would be nothing more to be considered and it would, in
turn, also provide the answer to the O 14 r 12 question.

27 The approaches taken by the courts in England and Australia as to the
proper interpretation of the term “creditor” in their respective companies
legislation, upon which our Companies Act is modelled, are not uniform.

The English cases

28 The English cases adopt a very broad approach to the term “creditors”, an
approach which can be traced back to _In re Midland Coal, Coke, and Iron
Company_ [1895] 1 Ch 267 (“ _Re Midland Coal_ ”). In that case, a lessee of
certain mines assigned his leases to a company, which covenanted to indemnify
him against the future rents, royalties and liabilities thereunder. After the
company went into liquidation, a scheme of arrangement under s 2 of the Joint
Stock Companies Arrangement Act 1870 (c 104) (UK) (“the 1870 Act”) was
approved by the court, resulting in the formation of a new company to take
over the assets and liabilities of the old company and to pay or satisfy the
claims of unsecured creditors of the old company. The lessee was aware of the
scheme and did not oppose its approval by the court. However, after the scheme
was approved and the new company formed, he applied, in the liquidation of the
old company, to admit a claim by him of £45,787 against the old company based
on its covenant to indemnify him against the future rents, royalties and
liabilities under the leases.

29 The English Court of Appeal held (at 277) that the lessee was bound by the
scheme:

… _the word “creditor”_ _is used_ in the [1870] Act … _in the widest sense,
and_ … it _includes all persons having any pecuniary claims against the
company_. Any other construction would render the [1870] Act practically
useless. [emphasis added]

30 What _Re Midland Coal_ decided, therefore, was that the word “creditor” in
s 2 of the 1870 Act was broad enough to include a contingent creditor whose
claim could be admitted to proof in a winding up, even if it was for an
unproven, unliquidated amount.

31 Section 2 of the 1870 Act was only applicable to companies in liquidation,
but its descendants (_viz_ , s 206 of the Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (UK), s
425 of the Companies Act 1985 (c 6) (UK) and now s 896 of the Companies Act
2006 (c 46) (UK)), like s 210 of our Companies Act, applied regardless of
whether or not the company in question was in liquidation.

32 Notwithstanding this change in the legislation, the broad approach in _Re
Midland Coal_ was followed in the subsequent English cases of _Re Cancol Ltd_
[1996] 1 All ER 37 (“ _Re Cancol_ ”), _In re T & N Ltd and others_ [2006] 1
WLR 1728 (“ _Re T & N_”)) and _Re T & N Ltd and others (No 3)_ [2007] 1 All ER
851 (“ _Re T & N (No 3)_”), all of which held that a claimant with some sort
of contingent claim against a company (which might or might not be admitted to
proof in the company’s winding up) was to be considered a “creditor” for the
purposes of the various English equivalents of s 210 of our Companies Act.

33 The upshot of the English cases, therefore, was that for the purposes of
the various English equivalents of s 210 of our Companies Act, the position
was as follows (see Roy Goode, _Principles of Corporate Insolvency Law_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 4th Ed, 2011) at para 12-18):

The word “creditor” is used in the widest sense and includes a creditor whose
debt has not yet become payable [citing _Re Cancol_] and a contingent creditor
[citing _Re Midland Coal_], whether or not his claim is provable and, indeed,
even if he has yet to make a claim or is unknown [citing _Re T & N_ and _Re T
& N (No 3)_], provided that the facts that may give rise to his claim already
exist.

The Australian cases

34 In contrast to the unanimously wide approach of the English courts to the
interpretation of the term “creditors”, there is a divide in Australia between
a number of jurisdictions which follow the English approach, and South
Australia, which does not. The disagreement among the Australian courts
concerns whether or not tort claimants are to be considered “creditors” within
the meaning of the various Australian equivalents of s 210 of our Companies
Act.

35 In the South Australian Supreme Court case of _Trocko v Renlita Products
Pty Ltd; The Commonwealth Trading Bank and Shepherd (Claimants)_ (1973) 5 SASR
207 (“ _Trocko_ ”), the plaintiff commenced an action against the defendant
company in 1967 claiming unspecified damages for personal injuries caused by
the defendant’s negligence. The defendant denied liability, but judgment was
entered in the plaintiff’s favour in 1971. In the intervening period, however,
a scheme of arrangement was approved by the necessary majority of creditors in
1970, and was approved by the court pursuant to s 181 of the Companies Act
1962–1972 (No 56 of 1962–No 52 of 1972) of South Australia (“the South
Australian Companies Act”), which is identical to s 210 of our Companies Act.
The question, therefore, was whether the plaintiff was barred from enforcing
his judgment against the defendant as a result of the scheme.

36 Hogarth J in the Supreme Court of South Australia held that the plaintiff
was not so barred since the plaintiff was not a “creditor” within the meaning
of s 181 of the South Australian Companies Act. His Honour reached that
conclusion for a number of reasons. First, his Honour was of the view (at 209)
that:

In general, the word creditor means a person who is entitled to payment
(either _in praesenti_ or _in futuro_ , and either unconditionally or subject
to conditions) of a sum certain from some other identified person, the debtor.
In this sense, a person with only a claim for an unspecified amount of damages
arising out of an accident is not a creditor. He becomes a creditor only when
judgment is given in his favour.

Second, Hogarth J held that this plain meaning of the word “creditor” was
applicable to s 181 of the South Australian Companies Act, dismissing _Re
Midland Coal_ as _obiter_ (see _Trocko_ at 209–210). Third, Hogarth J thought
(at 210) that s 181 could “usefully be compared with the provisions relating
to the proof and ranking of claims in a winding up”, and that it was
significant that s 291(1) of the South Australian Companies Act (identical to
s 327(1) of our Companies Act) distinguished between “debts” on the one hand
and “claims … ‘sounding only in damages’” (see _Trocko_ at 210) on the other.
Fourth, Hogarth J was of the view that s 181(2) of the South Australian
Companies Act (equivalent to s 210(2) of our Companies Act), in requiring the
agreement of “a majority in number representing ‘three-fourths in value of the
creditors … present and voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting’”
(see _Trocko_ at 210), clearly contemplated that “creditors” were “people
whose claims [were] ascertained or capable of being quantified at the meeting
at which the proposed scheme [was to be] adopted” (see _Trocko_ at 210),
especially since no statutory machinery had been provided to ascertain how
unliquidated tort claims would be quantified for the purposes of determining
whether the requisite majority of three-fourths in value of the creditors was
made out.

37 The reasoning in _Trocko_ was endorsed by a majority of the Supreme Court
of South Australia sitting _en banc_ in _In re Waymouth Guarantee and Discount
Co Ltd_ (1975) 10 SASR 407 (“ _Re Waymouth_ ”) (_per_ Hogarth J at 449 and
Walters J at 457), but this was only by way of _obiter dicta_ as the case
turned on other matters. The remaining judge, Bray CJ, considered that the
question of whether a person with an unliquidated tort claim against a company
for damages was a “creditor” within the meaning of s 181 of the South
Australian Companies Act was “very puzzling” (see _Re Waymouth_ at 443), but
eventually remained agnostic as between the approaches in _Trocko_ and _Re
Midland Coal_ (see _Re Waymouth_ at 444).

38 In contrast, the Supreme Court of New South Wales (Equity Division),
decisively disapproved of _Trocko_ in _Re Glendale Land Development Ltd (in
liq)_ (1982) 7 ACLR 171 (“ _Re Glendale_ ”). In that case, McLelland J
examined the meaning of the word “creditors” in s 315 of the Companies (NSW)
Code (the New South Wales equivalent of s 210 of our Companies Act). Rejecting
all of Hogarth J’s reasons in _Trocko_ for excluding persons with unliquidated
tort claims from the ambit of the word “creditors”, McLelland J held (see _Re
Glendale_ at 176):

[Hogarth J in _Trocko_] sought to distinguish … _Re Midland Coal_ … but seems
to me, with respect, to have done less than full justice to the grounds of
[that decision].

…

His Honour also sought to draw support from the absence of statutory machinery
to quantify a claim for unliquidated damages for the purpose of ascertaining
value in relation to a meeting of creditors under s 181(2) [of the South
Australian Companies Act].

In relation to this last matter it may be said that the same consideration
would have applied in … _Re Midland Coal_ … Furthermore, difficulties as to
quantification and disputes as to liability are not confined to unliquidated
claims.

…

In my opinion, having regard to the history of the legislation, its evident
purpose, the longstanding decision in _Re Midland Coal_ … and the terms in
which s 315 [of the Companies (NSW) Code] is now expressed, “creditors” in
that section should be understood as embracing all persons with claims which
would be entitled to be admitted to proof if the company were wound up.

39 Although the last sentence of the above quotation referred only to “claims
which would be entitled to be admitted to proof if the company were wound up”
(see _Re Glendale_ at 176), McLelland J later clarified in _Re R L Child & Co
Pty Ltd_ (1986) 10 ACLR 673 (“ _Re R L Child_ ”) (at 674) that:

This formulation was not intended to limit the scope of the expression
[“creditors”], but rather to indicate that persons with unliquidated,
prospective or contingent claims were not excluded, notwithstanding
difficulties of assessment of value in such cases …

Perhaps more significantly for present purposes, in _Re R L Child_ , McLelland
J also gave consideration (at 674) to “the anomalous rule excluding from proof
in the winding up of an insolvent company a person having an unliquidated
claim in tort”, which applied by virtue of s 438(2) of the Companies (NSW)
Code and s 82(2) of the Bankruptcy Act 1966 (Cth) (the Singapore equivalents
of these provisions (referred to at [27] of the GD) being, respectively, s
327(2) of the Companies Act and s 87(1) of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2009
Rev Ed)). As McLelland J noted, the aforesaid provisions only applied in the
case of an insolvent company, and on that basis, his Honour refused to exclude
tort claimants from the ambit of the word “creditors” in s 315 of the
Companies (NSW) Code (see _Re R L Child_ at 674–675):

It is highly unlikely that the legislature would have intended the ambit of
that expression [“creditors”] to vary depending upon whether the company was
solvent or insolvent, and to exclude persons having unliquidated claims in
tort from the scope of s 315 would make little commercial sense.

Instead, McLelland J preferred to look to s 438(1) of the Companies (NSW) Code
(the equivalent of s 327(1) of our Companies Act) – but _excluding the phrase
referring to bankruptcy_ (see _Re R L Child_ at 675) – as a “convenient guide”
(see _Re R L Child_ at 675) for the purposes of determining who were
“creditors” within the meaning of s 315 of the Companies (NSW) Code. It should
be noted that s 438(1) of the Companies (NSW) Code was in more or less the
same terms as s 291(1) of the South Australian Companies Act, which Hogarth J
relied upon by analogy in _Trocko_ (see [36] above), yet, the two judges came
to starkly different conclusions.

40 It is clear, therefore, that in New South Wales, _Re Midland Coal_ holds
sway in this area of the law (see also _Re BDC Investments Ltd_ (1988) 13 ACLR
201 at 203).

41 That the decision in _Trocko_ is a distinctly minority view in Australia is
also evident from the fact that both Victoria (see _Re Southern Australia
Perpetual Forests Ltd_ [1971] VR 475) and Western Australia (see _Bond
Corporation Holdings Ltd v Western Australia_ (1992) 7 ACSR 472 (“ _Bond
Corporation_ ”)) have adopted the broad approach laid down in _Re Midland
Coal_.

42 Indeed, _Bond Corporation_ is particularly instructive as the points which
found favour with Hogarth J in _Trocko_ (such as the argument that the
statutory machinery regulating schemes of arrangement did not provide a means
for determining the quantum of a creditor’s unliquidated claim at a creditors’
meeting for the purposes of evaluating the value to be attached to that
creditor’s vote) were rejected by Anderson J, who held (see _Bond Corporation_
at 477) that:

[T]here is ample and persuasive authority for the proposition that the term
“creditors” in [the Western Australian equivalent of s 210 of our Companies
Act] is to be given a wide meaning and includes persons having any pecuniary
claim against the company, including unliquidated, prospective or contingent
claims [citing, _inter alia_ , _Re Glendale_ and _Re R L Child_] …

The Singapore cases

43 Thus far, the only local case that has dealt with the foregoing authorities
is _Pacrim Investments Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Keow Claire and another_ [2010] SGHC
134 (“ _Pacrim Investments_ ”), which concerned whether the plaintiff
(“Pacrim”) was bound by the scheme of arrangement in question, such that its
entitlement to damages against the defendant company was extinguished. That
turned on whether Pacrim was a “Scheme Creditor” within the meaning of the
scheme in question, which in turn depended on whether Pacrim was a “creditor”
within the meaning of s 210 of the Companies Act. The difficulty was that at
the time the scheme was approved and implemented, Pacrim’s contractual claim
against the company for damages had been dismissed by the High Court, but its
appeal to this court against that decision was pending (Pacrim’s appeal was
eventually allowed _after_ the scheme had been completed).

44 At first instance, the assistant registrar (“the AR”), following _Re
Midland Coal_ , _Re T & N_, _Re Glendale_ and _Re R L Child_ , held (at [31]
of _Pacrim Investments_) that the word “creditor” in s 210 of the Companies
Act should be given a wide construction so as to include any person with a
pecuniary claim against the company which was capable of estimate, regardless
of whether such claim was unliquidated, prospective or contingent. Since, at
the time the scheme was approved and implemented, the success of Pacrim’s
claim was contingent upon the decision of the Court of Appeal, Pacrim was a
contingent creditor and came within s 210 of the Companies Act, and was thus
bound by the scheme.

45 The AR’s decision was upheld by the High Court in _Pacrim Investments Pte
Ltd v Tan Mui Keow Claire and another_ [2011] 2 SLR 438, which also proceeded
on the basis of a wide definition of the word “creditors” in s 210 of the
Companies Act (at [5]):

At the time the [s]cheme [in question] was established, Pacrim had its claim
dismissed by the High Court but its appeal was pending. This meant that in the
event its appeal was allowed, it would be a creditor; indeed this was an
eventuality that did materialise. _There was no basis on principle to exclude
persons in Pacrim’s position from the scope of “creditors”._ In practice,
doing so would unfairly benefit such companies who would be able to recoup its
entire debt from a company resuscitated from the sacrifices of all the other
creditors. Therefore there is also no basis on policy to do so. [emphasis
added]

The correct approach in this case

46 As indicated at [20] above, the real reason for the Judge’s ruling that the
Respondents were not “creditors” within the meaning of s 210 of the Companies
Act was that their common law tort claims were covered by insurance and, as
such, their claims, even if successfully prosecuted, would not have affected
the financial position of the Appellant. This was clear from [30]–[31] of the
GD:

30 It is appropriate that the courts adopt an approach which gives the
broadest scope to creditors for the purpose of facilitating corporate
rehabilitations. _Thus an insured unliquidated tort claimant may opt in to
participate in a scheme, receive compromised payments thereunder and be bound
by the scheme. Other insured unliquidated tort claimants may elect to opt out
of the scheme and commence court actions against the company between the
period where the company has proposed [the] scheme and right up to the
termination of the scheme._ …

31 … _The practical reality before me, is that the [Appellant’s] insurer is
the person who bears the liability_ to meet the unliquidated tort claims
should the [Respondents] succeed. It would not serve any statutory purpose of
s 210(3) of the Companies Act, which is to facilitate rehabilitation of
companies in financial difficulty, and neither is there any language in s
210(3) of the Companies Act which provides any basis to conclude that a scheme
may statutorily extinguish _the insured claims of persons such as the
[Respondents], which have no real impact on the [Appellant’s] assets_ …

[emphasis added]

47 With respect, we found it difficult to see why the fact that the
Respondents’ claims were covered by insurance should make any difference to
whether or not the Respondents were “creditors” for the purposes of s 210 of
the Companies Act. In neither the _Re Midland Coal_ line of cases nor _Trocko_
was it suggested that the existence of insurance in relation to a claim
prevented the claimant from being a “creditor”. In _Trocko_ (at 210), Hogarth
J placed emphasis on the claim being “ascertained or capable of being
quantified at the meeting at which the proposed scheme [was to be] adopted”
(see [36] above), as opposed to whether or not the claim was covered by
insurance. Indeed, in both _Re T & N (No 3)_ and _Re R L Child_ , it was quite
clear that the claims were _prima facie_ covered by policies of insurance, but
it was nonetheless held that the beneficiaries of those claims were
“creditors” for the purposes of the provisions corresponding to s 210 of our
Companies Act. If the Judge were correct in holding that the existence of
insurance was the touchstone, it would follow that _any_ person whose claim
was covered by a policy of insurance (or, for that matter, by a contract of
guarantee or an indemnity), and not just persons with claims for unliquidated
damages in tort, would be excluded from the ambit of the word “creditors” in s
210 of the Companies Act. This would mean that all manner of judgment or
agreed creditors for liquidated damages in contract or for breach of statutory
duty, not to mention those whose entitlements to damages had yet to accrue,
would – so long as their claims were covered by insurance – thereby be deemed
not to be “creditors” for the purposes of s 210, and would therefore not be
bound by any scheme of arrangement entered into. If this were the correct
position, the object of s 210 would become an impossible dream. No “white
knight” would be willing to rescue a financially distressed company if he is
to be burdened with the existing liabilities of the company.

48 Given the respectable pedigree of _Re Midland Coal_ , we were of the view
that it should be presumed, in the absence of contrary evidence, that
Parliament, in enacting s 210 of the Companies Act using wording identical to
that of the various equivalent English provisions mentioned at [31] above,
intended the word “creditors” in s 210 to be given the meaning which had by
then been regarded as settled in England. The whole purpose of s 210 of the
Companies Act is to facilitate compromises and arrangements with a company’s
creditors as a practical and more sensible alternative to liquidation, and, as
industrial disease litigation has revealed, tort claimants may form a
substantial (or even the entire) class of a company’s creditors. As the _Re
Midland Coal_ line of cases has noted, to exclude such claimants from the
ambit of the term “creditors” would render s 210 of the Companies Act rather
pointless. The objection raised in _Trocko_ (_viz_ , that no machinery was
provided in the South Australian equivalent of s 210 of our Companies Act to
quantify the claims of tort claimants for the purposes of deciding whether or
not a scheme of arrangement had obtained the requisite creditor approval)
would apply, as observed in _Re Glendale_ , to all unliquidated claims (as
well as all claims where liability is disputed). In our view, this objection
would be adequately met by the procedure recommended by Ian M Fletcher, John
Higham & William Trower, _Corporate Administrations and Rescue Procedures_
(LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2004) at para 13.20:

Where claims against the company have not been agreed, it is usual to permit
creditors to vote for the amounts for which they estimate that the company is
liable to them, provided such amounts appear reasonable. If there is an
obvious error … the chairman of the meeting will correct the figure and admit
it for the corrected amount. If he believes that a claim is totally
groundless, he may reject a claim altogether. If he believes that the amount
claimed is excessive, he may reduce it to what he believes to be a reasonable
estimate. In any such case the creditor would be informed and, if the figure
for which the claim is admitted for voting purposes will be material in
deciding whether or not the statutory majority has or has not been obtained,
the creditor would have the right to object, at the hearing for sanction, to
the amount for which his claim is admitted by the chairman of the meeting for
voting purposes. The chairman of the meeting is not expected to be an
adjudicator of disputed claims and if there is real doubt as to whether the
person claiming to be a creditor is a creditor, or as to the amount for which
he claims the company is liable to him, which cannot be resolved by agreement
with the creditor, the chairman of the meeting should admit the vote but mark
it as objected to, so that if it becomes necessary, the court may adjudicate
upon the issue.

49 Consistently with this, it should be borne in mind that s 210(2) of the
Companies Act provides that a creditors’ meeting under s 210(1) may be
adjourned if such adjournment is approved by a majority in number representing
three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting. If there is genuine doubt
over the existence and/or size of a tort claimant’s unliquidated claim, and if
such a claim appears to be critical to determining whether the requisite
statutory majority has been made out, the most prudent and practical course of
action would be to adjourn the meeting for the matter to be decided by the
court.

50 As a matter of principle, authority and policy, therefore, the approach in
_Re Midland Coal_ is preferable to that of _Trocko_ , and we endorse it
accordingly.

Whether the Respondents were “Scheme Creditors” within the meaning of the
Scheme

The Judge’s approach

51 Turning now to the question of whether the Respondents were “Scheme
Creditors” as defined in the Scheme, the Judge concluded (at [33] of the GD)
that the Respondents were not “Scheme Creditors”:

It is clear that each Scheme Claim is defined to mean a claim “for which the
[Appellant] is or may be liable to that Scheme Creditor”. The definition of
“liability” … resonates the same point. I note that an Australian court has
following its construction of the scheme document held that an unliquidated
tort claimant was not a creditor bound by a scheme of arrangement (see _Smith
v Carr and others_ (1993) 10 ACSR 427). _As a matter of construction of the
Scheme document’s definition clauses, the [Respondents’] insured claims for
which the [Appellant] bears no substantive actual or contingent liability
would not, in my view, be claims for which the [Appellant] “is or may be
liable … (whether contingently or otherwise)”._ [emphasis added]

52 In other words, the Judge held that following the approach (but not the
actual decision) in _Smith v Carr and others_ (1993) 10 ACSR 427 (“ _Smith v
Carr_ ”), whether or not a particular claimant fell within the definition of
“Scheme Creditor” as set out in cl 1.1 of the Scheme was a question of
construction. The Judge concluded that as a matter of construction, when an
insurer, pursuant to a valid policy of liability insurance, indemnified an
insured in respect of a particular liability (in this case, unliquidated tort
claims), any such claim against the insured would not result in the insured
incurring any “substantive actual or contingent liability” (see the GD at
[33]) to the claimant; rather, it would be the insurer who incurred such
liability. Consequently, the Judge held, since the Appellant was insured in
respect of the Respondents’ claims, it was not liable to them and they were
therefore not “Scheme Creditors” as defined in cl 1.1 of the Scheme.

53 It is undoubtedly true that the court in _Smith v Carr_ , in construing the
terms of the scheme in that case, came to the conclusion that the plaintiff
tort claimants were not “scheme creditors” as that term was defined in the
scheme. As a general proposition, there is nothing objectionable about this
approach: the meaning of any contractual term (even if the contract, like a
scheme of arrangement, is one entered into pursuant to legislative provisions)
is a question of construction. In that regard, what will be determinative will
be the facts of the case and the relevant terms of the scheme in question.

54 _Smith v Carr_ , therefore, was something of a red herring in the present
context. The Judge seemed to have referred to it only as authority for an
uncontroversial proposition regarding contractual interpretation. The Judge
did not purport to follow the actual _decision_ in _Smith v Carr_ , and it is
quite clear that he could not have done so since the relevant definition of
“scheme creditor” in that case was not the same as that in the present
appeals. As we saw it, the actual decision in _Smith v Carr_ was probably
correct: in order to maintain consistency as between the various groups of
creditors envisioned by the scheme of arrangement in that case, there were
good grounds for concluding that on the true construction of the relevant
terms of that scheme, tort claimants whose claims were covered by a valid
policy of insurance were not intended to be considered “scheme creditors”. The
same, however, could not be said about the terms of the Scheme in the present
case.

Whose liability?

55 As a matter of law, it is quite difficult to see how it could be said that
an insured such as the Appellant does not bear any “substantive actual or
contingent liability” (see the GD at [33]) when sued by a claimant (whether
for unliquidated damages in tort or otherwise). If the claim is good, it is
clearly the insured who is liable on the claim. The fact that the insurer may
then be liable on the policy of insurance to the insured is irrelevant.
Certainly, the insurer is not, at common law, directly liable to the claimant
as a result of the doctrine of privity of contract.

56 Indeed, as E R Hardy Ivamy, _General Principles of Insurance Law_
(Butterworths, 6th Ed, 1993) notes at p 12: “[i]n liability insurance, in
which _the assured insures against liability to third parties_ … the liability
insured against is the real subject-matter of insurance” [emphasis added]. The
same point is repeated in Robert Merkin, _Colinvaux’s Law of Insurance_ (Sweet
& Maxwell, 9th Ed, 2010) at para 20-006: “[l]iability insurance provides cover
against the risk of _the assured incurring liability to third parties_ ”
[emphasis added], and similarly at para 20-034:

The assured’s right to indemnification under a liability policy will, in the
absence of express wording to the contrary, be regarded as arising _once the
assured’s liability to the third party has been ascertained_ … [emphasis
added]

The same point is also made repeatedly in Desmond Derrington & Ronald Shaw
Ashton, _The Law of Liability Insurance_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2005), and it
suffices to quote the following extract from para 1-10: “liability insurance
cannot be easily classified other than as relating to the _legal liability of
the insured to another party_ ” [emphasis added].

57 It was clear to us from these authorities that the Appellant was to be
considered “liable” to the Respondents notwithstanding that it was indemnified
against that liability by virtue of its policy of insurance with its insurer.
That this must be the case is obvious from the very _raison d’être_ of
liability insurance. It followed, therefore, that we found it difficult to
agree with the Judge that “[a]s a matter of construction” (see the GD at
[33]), the Respondents were not “Scheme Creditors” within the meaning of the
Scheme. On the true construction of the relevant terms of the Scheme, the
Appellant clearly “[was] or [might] be liable to”[note: 3] the Respondents in
respect of a “Liability” as defined in cl 1.1 of the Scheme, and,
consequently, the Respondents were indeed “Scheme Creditors” within the
meaning of the Scheme.

58 At this juncture, we wish to make an observation with regard to the Judge’s
point that regardless of the formal legal position (which we have stated at
[55] above), as a matter of commercial substance and reality, even if the
Respondents were allowed to proceed with (and were successful in) their common
law claims against the Appellant, the interests of the Appellant would not be
affected because its insurance cover obliged its insurer (and not the
Appellant itself) to meet the Appellant’s liability to the Respondents. While
it is true that in such a scenario, whatever damages a court might adjudicate
against the Appellant would largely (depending on the specific wording of the
insurance policy as to whether any portion of such damages would have to be
borne by the Appellant) be underwritten by the insurer, such payment out by
the insurer would impact the Appellant’s standing before the insurer as well
as the premium which the insurer would likely impose for the renewal of the
policy. Clearly, the interests of the Appellant would be affected, and this
would in turn be unfair to SAAG Singapore, which might not have agreed to
rescue Derrick in those circumstances. To allow the Respondents to proceed
with their common law claims against the Appellant would also be unfair to
other Scheme Creditors who have accepted the Scheme. This is not to say,
however, that where justice so demands, exceptions may not be expressly made
to a scheme of compromise or arrangement before approval by the court is
obtained (see [68] below).

Whether the Respondents were bound by the Scheme

59 Turning now to the issue of whether the Respondents were bound by the
Scheme, since the Respondents were “creditors” within the meaning of s 210 of
the Companies Act and were also “Scheme Creditors” as defined in cl 1.1 of the
Scheme, it followed quite naturally that by operation of s 210(3) of the
Companies Act, they were bound by the terms of the Scheme. This in turn
entailed that by operation of cll 5.4 and 7.2 of the Scheme, the Respondents
were precluded from maintaining their common law claims against the Appellant.

60 However, the Judge went on to hold (at [34]–[37] of the GD) that even if
(contrary to his view) the Respondents were “Scheme Creditors” for the
purposes of the Scheme, the Scheme did not bind them and preclude their common
law claims because cl 2.1.1 of the Scheme contemplated that the Appellant had
to provide some consideration to the Scheme Creditors in exchange for their
Scheme Claims being compromised and discharged. According to the Judge, cl 5.4
(and presumably cl 7.2) of the Scheme was subject to cl 2.1.1, and he appeared
to have concluded from this that since the Respondents had not participated in
the Scheme, they had not received any consideration from the Appellant, and
the Appellant could not therefore enforce cl 5.4 (and presumably cl 7.2)
against them.

61 With respect, we were unable to agree with this line of reasoning. It is
trite that ordinarily, consideration must be supplied before a contract is
binding. A scheme of arrangement, however, is not an ordinary contract, but a
statutory one. Parliament has, by s 210(3) of the Companies Act, made an
exception to the normal requirement of consideration, and has in effect
mandated that as long as the requisite statutory majority of creditors agree
to be bound by a scheme of arrangement (and receive the specified
consideration in exchange), _all_ creditors will be bound by the scheme, even
those who did not so agree or receive consideration thereby.

62 The Judge in fact cited this court’s decision in _The Oriental Insurance
Co_ , where, to quote from holding (3) of the headnote, it was held (_inter
alia_) that the purpose of s 210 of the Companies Act was to overcome “the
impossibility or impracticability of obtaining the individual consent of every
member of the class intended to be bound by the scheme of arrangement”. From
this perspective, it is difficult to see how there can be any room for
asserting that a creditor (who is intended to be bound by a scheme of
arrangement so long as it is approved by the requisite majority of creditors)
is not bound because he did not consent to or participate in the scheme and
therefore did not receive any payouts thereunder.

63 In conclusion, since the Respondents were “creditors” within the meaning of
s 210 of the Companies Act as well as “Scheme Creditors” within the meaning of
the Scheme, they were bound by the terms of the Scheme, pursuant to which they
were precluded from maintaining their common law claims against the Appellant.
On that basis, we allowed the present appeals.

Other considerations

64 In reaching that conclusion, we had regard to two other considerations.

No injustice to the Respondents

65 The first was that the result which we reached was not an unjust one
because under the terms of the Scheme, both the Respondents still had recourse
to their WCA claims (by virtue of claims under the WCA being included in
Schedule 1 of the Scheme, the Respondents were “Preferential Creditors” and,
thus, “Excluded Creditors” who were not bound by the Scheme (see [9] above)).

66 While the amount of compensation recoverable by the Respondents under the
WCA would likely be less than that recoverable at common law, the Respondents
had no real cause for complaint for, in a scheme of arrangement situation, all
unsecured creditors of a company would be expected to take a “haircut” and
receive less than the full amount of their claims in return for avoiding a
winding up of the company (which would likely result in even smaller sums
being returned to them).

Guidelines for the future

67 That said, it was fortuitous that the Respondents could still rely on their
WCA claims because of the definition of “Preferential Creditors” in the
Scheme. The Appellant’s other tort claimants who were not aware of and/or did
not participate in the Scheme might not be so fortunate, and could find their
claims entirely barred without their knowledge as a result of the wide
approach to the meaning of the word “creditors” (as established by _Re Midland
Coal_) which we have endorsed for the purposes of s 210 of the Companies Act.

68 In _Re R L Child_ , McLelland J was clearly aware of the potential pitfalls
of the broad view espoused in _Re Midland Coal_ for his Honour went on to give
guidance to ensure that the courts would not unwittingly approve schemes of
arrangement which had the unintended effect of binding tort claimants in
circumstances where such claimants had never heard of the scheme and had no
chance to object to it (see _Re R L Child_ at 675):

I consider that where the definition of creditors intended to be bound by the
scheme is in a catch-all form, evidence should normally be adduced, from a
responsible officer of the company, to the effect that the company has
received no notice of any pecuniary claim against it and that the deponent is
not aware of any circumstances likely to give rise to a pecuniary claim
against the company, other than as revealed to the court. In the case of any
disputed or anticipated claim the court can then determine what, if any,
notice of the meeting should be given to the claimant or potential claimant,
or whether some amendment of the scheme is appropriate to accommodate such a
claim.

There is always the possibility of some potential claim, particularly in tort,
of which the company is unaware. It seems to me that the court should be slow
to approve a scheme which would have the effect of barring such a claim with
no effective notice to the potential claimant where this can be avoided
without frustrating the commercial purpose of the scheme. I have in mind
particularly a claim against which the company is effectively insured. In many
cases where a catch-all definition of creditors is employed it would, in my
view, be appropriate to qualify the definition by adding an exclusion along
the following lines: “excluding any person having a claim in respect of which
the company is entitled to indemnity under a policy of insurance, to the
extent of the amount recoverable under such policy in respect of such claim.”

Indeed, McLelland J went on to introduce just such an exception into the
scheme in that case. If this authority had been drawn to Belinda Ang J’s
attention during either the hearing to convene a Scheme Creditors’ meeting or
the hearing to approve the Scheme, it is likely that she would have taken a
similar course of action as that taken by McLelland J, and the situation in
the present appeals would not have arisen.

69 As such, in order to ensure that the wide interpretation which we have
adopted for the term “creditors” in s 210 of the Companies Act does not cause
injustice, we take this opportunity to also endorse the guidance given by
McLelland J in _Re R L Child_ at 675.

Conclusion

70 For the foregoing reasons, the present appeals were allowed, but with no
order as to costs here and below.

71 Ordinarily, costs here and below would have been ordered in the Appellant’s
favour, but given that such an order might easily negate whatever compensation
the Respondents would obtain via their WCA claims, we inquired of the
Appellant’s counsel whether the Appellant would be willing to forego seeking
costs against the Respondents. In this regard, we were very gratified to be
informed that the Appellant was agreeable to such a course of action.

* * *

[note: 1]See the Core Bundle for CA 55/2011 (“CB for CA 55/2011”) at vol 2, pp
55–63.

[note: 2]See para 4 of Schedule 1 of the Scheme (at CB for CA 55/2011 vol 2, p
70).

[note: 3]See CB for CA 55/2011 vol 2, p 58.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

