Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Madhavan Peter _v_ Public Prosecutor and other appeals  
[2012] SGHC 153

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeals Nos 1, 10 and 13 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 27 July 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Davinder Singh SC, Wendell Wong, Jaikanth Shankar,
Pardeep Singh Khosa, Krishna Elan, Vishal Harnal and Chan Yong Wei (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the appellant in MA 1/2011; Subramanian Pillai, Rasanthan
Sothynathan and Luo Ling Ling (Colin Ng & Partners LLP) for the appellant in
MA 10/2011; Michael Hwang SC (Michael Hwang Chambers) and Thong Chee Kun and
Istyana Putri Ibrahim (Rajah & Tann LLP) for the appellant in MA 13/2011;
Jeffrey Chan Wah Teck SC, Peter Koy and Navin Thevar (Attorney-General's
Chambers) for the respondent in MA 1/2011, MA 10/2011 and MA 13/2011.  
Parties| :|  Madhavan Peter — Public Prosecutor  
  
27 July 2012| Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Chan Sek Keong CJ:

Introduction

1 These are appeals by Madhavan Peter (“Madhavan”), Chong Keng Ban @ Johnson
Chong (“Chong”) and Ong Seow Yong (“Ong”) against their convictions by the
district judge (“the DJ”) for certain offences under the Securities and
Futures Act (Cap 289, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the SFA”) in connection with the affairs
of Airocean Group Limited (“Airocean”), a company which was previously listed
on the main board of the Singapore Exchange (“SGX”) and of which the
appellants (collectively, “the Appellants”) were directors at all material
times (see _Public Prosecutor v Chong Keng Ban @ Johnson Chong, Peter
Madhavan, Ong Seow Yong_ [2011] SGDC 97 (“the Judgment”)).

2 The Appellants were each convicted of the following charge:[note: 1]

You …

…

are charged that on 25 November 2005, in Singapore, whilst as a director of
Airocean …, you consented to Airocean making a statement, namely an
announcement entitled “Clarification of Straits Times article on 25 November
2005” released via SGXNET on 25 November 2005, to wit,

_“We refer to the article entitled “AIROCEAN’S CHIEF EXECUTIVE THOMAS TAY
UNDER CPIB PROBE” which appeared in the 25 November 2005 issue of the Straits
Times._

_The Company learnt of the CPIB investigations with regard to practices of
some other companies in the Aircargo Industry sometime in early September 2005
when the Company’s CEO Mr. Thomas Tay was called for an interview by the
CPIB._

_The Company was advised by Mr. Thomas Tay that he provided Statements to the
CPIB and offered his full co-operation._

_The Company also immediately appointed Solicitors to ascertain the nature of
the investigations and advise the Company of its Corporate obligations and
compliance._

_The Company was, inter alia, advised by Counsel that the scope of the CPIB
investigations was uncertain but on the information presently available, there
did not appear to be any impropriety on the part of the Company or its CEO Mr.
Thomas Tay._

_Further, since then the CPIB has not made any allegations of impropriety
against the Company or its CEO Mr. Thomas Tay.”_

which statement was misleading in a material particular and was likely to have
the effect of stabilizing the market price of certain securities, namely,
Airocean shares, when at the time Airocean made the statement, it ought
reasonably to have known that the statement was misleading in a material
particular, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 331(1)
read with Section 199(c)(ii) and punishable under Section 204(1) of the
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2002 Revised Edition).

[emphasis in original]

3 I shall hereafter refer to the charges against the Appellants under s
199(_c_)(ii) read with s 331(1) of the SFA as “the Misleading Disclosure
Charges”, and to the announcement mentioned in the Misleading Disclosure
Charges as “the 25/11/05 Announcement”.

4 Two of the Appellants, Chong and Madhavan, were also each convicted of the
following charge:[note: 2]

You …

…

are charged that between 8 September 2005 and 1 December 2005, in Singapore,
whilst as a director of Airocean …, you consented to Airocean’s reckless
failure to notify SGX _that its chief executive officer and director Thomas
Tay Nguen_ _Cheong was_ __questioned__ _by the Corrupt Practices Investigation
Bureau_ _in relation_ _to 2 transactions involving 2 of Airocean’s
subsidiaries_ ,__that he was released on bail and his passport was impounded__
, which information was likely to materially affect the price or value of
Airocean shares and was required to be disclosed under Rule 703(l)(b) of the
SGX Listing Rules, and you have thereby committed an offence under Section
331(1) read with Section 203(2) and punishable under Section 204(1) of the
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2002 Revised Edition).

[underlining in original; emphasis added in italics]

5 I shall hereafter refer to the charges against Chong and Madhavan under s
203(2) read with s 331(1) of the SFA as “the Non-disclosure Charges”, and to
the information described in the italicised words in the quotation above as
“the Information”.

6 One of the Appellants, Chong, was also convicted of three charges of insider
trading of shares in Airocean which he had carried out on three occasions.
Save for differences in the dates of the trades and the quantities of shares
sold, each charge was as follows:[note: 3]

You …

…

are charged that you, on 26 September 2005, in Singapore, whilst being the
chief operating officer and a director of Airocean …, and by reason of you
being connected with Airocean, you were in possession of information that was
not generally available but, if it were generally available, a reasonable
person would expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the
securities of Airocean, the information being:

a) Thomas Tay Nguen Cheong (“Thomas”), chief executive officer and director of
Airocean, was _questioned_ by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau
(“CPIB”) in relation to 2 proposed transactions between 2 of Airocean’s
subsidaries with Jetstar Asia Airways Pte Ltd and Lufthansa Technik Logistik
Pte Ltd; and

b) Pursuant to _this questioning_ , Thomas _was released on bail and_
surrendered his passport to the CPIB.

and whilst you were thereby precluded from dealing with the securities of
Airocean, you sold 1,000,000 Airocean’s shares from your mother Foo Jut Wah’s
(“Foo”) bank account number [xxx] with Malayan Banking Berhad, which you were
the mandate holder, using Foo’s trading account number [xxx] with OCBC
Securities Private Limited, and you have thereby committed an offence under
Section 218(2)(a) and punishable under Section 221(1) of the Securities and
Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2002 Revised Edition).

[underlining in original]

7 I shall hereafter refer to the charges against Chong under s 218(2)(_a_) of
the SFA as “the Insider Trading Charges”. As the information referred to in
these charges is the same as the information referred to in the Non-disclosure
Charges (_ie_ , the Information as defined at [5] above), I shall likewise use
the term “the Information” when discussing the Insider Trading Charges.

Background facts

8 Airocean was the holding company of a group of air cargo logistics companies
that provided services in freight forwarding, airline general sales agency as
well as air terminal ground cargo handling. The operating subsidiaries
involved in these proceedings were Airlines GSA Holdings Pte Ltd (“Airlines
GSA”) and WICE Logistics Pte Ltd (“WICE Logistics”) (collectively, “the
Subsidiaries”). The following were Airocean’s directors at the material time:

(a) Thomas Tay Nguen Cheong (“Tay”), an executive director and Chief Executive
Officer (“CEO”) of Airocean;

(b) Madhavan, an independent director, who is the appellant in Magistrate’s
Appeal No 1 of 2011 (“MA 1/2011”);

(c) Chong, an executive director and Chief Operating Officer (“COO”) of
Airocean, who is the appellant in Magistrate’s Appeal No 10 of 2011 (“MA
10/2011”);

(d) Ong, an independent director, who is the appellant in Magistrate’s Appeal
No 13 of 2011 (“MA 13/2011”);

(e) Ong Chow Hong (“Ong CH”), an independent director, who was also the non-
executive chairman of Airocean’s board of directors; and

(f) Dunn Shio Chau Paul (“Dunn”), a director who was based in Hong Kong and
the United States.

9 On 6 September 2005, Tay and three officers of the Subsidiaries (namely, Ray
Teo, Senior Vice-President of Airlines GSA; Bob Lee, Director of Airfreight
and Logistics of WICE Logistics; and Simon Ang Teck Choon (“Simon Ang”),
Regional Manager of Airlines GSA) were questioned by the Corrupt Practices
Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) in connection with suspected corruption in the
air cargo handling industry. Tay was asked:

(a) whether he had given any gratification to one Chooi Yee Cheong (“Chooi”)
of Jetstar Asia Airways Pte Ltd (“Jetstar”) to procure the appointment of
Airlines GSA as Jetstar’s cargo agent; and

(b) whether he had given any gratification to one Edward Goh of Lufthansa
Technik Logistik Pte Ltd (“Lufthansa”) in exchange for introducing Lufthansa’s
business to WICE Logistics.

10 Tay admitted to CPIB that he had previously instructed Simon Ang to inform
Chooi that “if he [Chooi] would help us, in the future if he needed help, we
would help him”.[note: 4] While at the premises of CPIB, Tay instructed Mak Oi
Leng Sharelyn (“Sharelyn”), Director of Human Resource and Administration of
Airocean, to surface the following documents as requested by CPIB:

(a) Airlines GSA’s business proposal to Jetstar;

(b) WICE Logistics’ quotations to Lufthansa;

(c) WICE Logistics’ cheque payment vouchers; and

(d) Tay’s bank statements from January to August 2005.

11 On the same day (_viz_ , 6 September 2005), CPIB officers accompanied Tay
to Airocean’s office, where they conducted a search and seized the aforesaid
documents.

12 Also on the same day, Sharelyn informed Chong of the CPIB investigations
(“the CPIB Investigations”) and Chong thereupon apprised Madhavan of what had
happened. Tay was then still at CPIB’s premises. Chong telephoned Madhavan and
informed him that Tay’s wife was concerned and had asked him what she should
do. Madhavan suggested that Tay’s wife should seek advice from Mr Sant Singh,
a lawyer.

13 Chong attempted to convene a meeting of Airocean’s board of directors on 7
September 2005, but there was no quorum. Nevertheless, the directors present
decided that Airocean should seek legal advice on whether it had to disclose
to SGX that its officers were involved in the CPIB Investigations. Madhavan
suggested that Airocean seek legal advice from Mr Chelva Rajah SC (“Mr Rajah”)
of Tan Rajah & Cheah (“TRC”). Later that evening, Chong, Madhavan and Doris
Koh Bee Leng (“Doris Koh”), Airocean’s Director of Finance, met up with Mr
Rajah to seek his advice. Mr Rajah informed them that before he could give his
opinion on the issue, he would have to speak to Tay and the officers of the
Subsidiaries who had been questioned by CPIB. His partner, Mr Imran Hamid
Khwaja (“Imran”), was assigned to do this task. Imran was assisted by another
lawyer from TRC, Mr Eusuff Ali s/o N B M Mohamed Kassim (“Eusuff”).

14 On 7 September 2005, at around 9.30pm, Tay was placed under arrest pursuant
to s 6(_b_) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) and
released on bail. His passport was impounded. That same night, Chong and
Madhavan met Tay at his house. At the trial, Chong and Madhavan disputed the
Prosecution’s version of what Tay allegedly told them that night. They also
claimed that they did not read Tay’s bail bond that night. However, the DJ
found that Chong and Madhavan were shown the bail bond while they were at
Tay’s house on 7 September 2005 and did read the contents of the bail bond.

15 On 8 September 2005, Chong chaired a meeting of Airocean’s board, which was
attended by all the directors except Dunn, to review the events concerning the
CPIB Investigations (“the 8/9/05 Board Meeting”). The minutes of the 8/9/05
Board Meeting (“the 8/9/05 Board Minutes”) recorded, _inter alia_ , that
Madhavan informed the directors that he had spoken to Tay’s counsel, whose
view was that in “the worst-case scenario”,[note: 5] Tay might be exposed to a
charge of offering a gratification to Chooi. Madhavan, however, expressed the
view that the Public Prosecutor could not prefer such a charge against Tay
based only on Tay’s own statement to CPIB, which, according to Tay, was untrue
and had been made under pressure. The 8/9/05 Board Minutes also recorded the
fact that CPIB had detained the passports of Tay and Simon Ang, and that Chong
had stated that legal counsel should write to CPIB to release the passports.
At the end of the meeting, the directors agreed that “technically no action
need[ed] to be taken”.[note: 6]

16 Imran also met and had a conversation with Madhavan on 8 September 2005.
Imran’s attendance note dated 8 September 2005 recorded, _inter alia_ , a
telephone conversation and a meeting with Madhavan, and it included the
statement “No need for announcement”.[note: 7]

17 On 8, 9 and 16 September 2005, Imran and Eusuff interviewed Tay and the
three officers of the Subsidiaries who had been questioned by CPIB. They
completed their interviews by mid-September 2005. At the trial, Imran
testified that sometime in September 2005, he gave Madhavan the following oral
advice (“the Oral Advice”): (a) “the information and evidence available was
vague”;[note: 8] (b) “it was difficult to assess whether or not [Airocean]
needed to make an announcement”;[note: 9] and (c) “unless and until further
information [became] available, no disclosure need[ed] to be made at [that]
stage”.[note: 10] In the Judgment, the DJ noted that neither Imran nor
Madhavan kept a record of the conversation during which the Oral Advice was
allegedly conveyed (see the Judgment at [163]).

18 On 26, 27 and 28 September 2005, Chong sold, respectively, 1,000,000,
500,000 and 515,000 Airocean shares which were held in his mother’s account.

19 On 25 November 2005, _The Straits Times_ published an article with the
caption “Airocean’s chief executive [Tay] under CPIB probe”[note: 11] (“the ST
Article”). Apart from this caption, the ST Article provided little information
about the nature of the CPIB Investigations. But, it reported Tay’s role in
building up Airocean. It also reported that: (a) Tay “denied that he was being
investigated personally”,[note: 12] although he admitted that he had been
called up by CPIB for an interview “months ago”;[note: 13] and (b) Tay
believed that interview concerned “an investigation over some people in [the
air cargo] industry and … [had] nothing to do with [him]”.[note: 14] In
reaction to the ST Article, a representative from SGX contacted Ang Lay Hua
(“Ang”), Airocean’s company secretary and group financial controller, the same
morning to inform her that Airocean was required to issue a clarificatory
announcement on the ST Article, in particular, to clarify if Tay was under
investigation by CPIB. This request was relayed to Airocean’s directors.

20 On the same day, Madhavan prepared a draft clarification (“the First
Draft”) and e-mailed it to Imran. Imran amended it and sent the amended draft
(“the Second Draft”) to Madhavan. Madhavan faxed the Second Draft to Ang with
instructions to circulate it to Airocean’s directors for their approval.
According to Madhavan, Ang and Doris Koh later called him and queried the
accuracy of the second paragraph of the Second Draft, which stated as
follows:[note: 15]

The Company learnt of the CPIB [I]nvestigations with regard to certain
business transactions involving [the Subsidiaries] on 6 September 2005. Full
cooperation was rendered to CPIB by the Company, the officers of the
[S]ubsidiaries and [Tay] who were interviewed and gave statements to the CPIB.

21 Madhavan then amended the Second Draft and his secretary sent the amended
version of that draft (“the Third Draft”) to Imran. Madhavan claimed that
Imran approved the Third Draft in a telephone conversation after pointing out
a typographical error in the draft. After correcting the typographical error,
Madhavan sent the corrected version of the Third Draft (“the Corrected Third
Draft”) to Airocean’s office for consideration by the other directors. A
dispute arose at the trial as to whether Imran had indeed approved the Third
Draft as alleged by Madhavan. On this point, the DJ held that “[t]here [was] …
no indication from Imran that he had approved [Madhavan’s] re-amended draft
[_ie_ , the Third Draft]” (see the Judgment at [196]).

22 Ong was informed orally of the contents of the Corrected Third Draft. He
objected to two paragraphs in it and suggested that they be redrafted. He was,
however, overruled by the other directors, and, thus, the Corrected Third
Draft was released as the 25/11/05 Announcement (see [2] above for the full
text of the announcement). Even though the First Draft went through several
revisions, it will be seen that the 25/11/05 Announcement did make clear, as
required by SGX, that Tay was under investigation by CPIB (see also [96]
below). However, what was not made clear was the nature of the CPIB
Investigations.

23 On 28 November 2005, TRC sent Airocean a written advice dated the same day
(“the Written Advice”) after Imran and Eusuff discovered that a draft dated 28
September 2005 of that advice in substantially the same terms (“the Draft
Advice”) had not been sent out. At the trial, Imran, Eusuff and Mr Rajah, all
of whom testified as witnesses for the Prosecution, were not able to explain
why the Written Advice was not sent to Airocean earlier. In the Written
Advice, TRC advised that disclosure of the CPIB Investigations was not
necessary at that stage of the investigations. The material paragraphs of the
Written Advice read as follows:[note: 16]

28.It is not entirely clear at this stage what CPlB are [_sic_] investigating.
There have been no formal charges against any officer of Airocean and/or its
subsidiaries. The possible transactions being investigated by CPIB also do not
deal with significant sums. There is [_sic_] also no substantive allegations
of substantial benefits being offered or changing hands. CPIB has not
confronted any of the officers with any real evidence of the possible alleged
corruption. The allegations are vague and tentative. On the information
available, it is not possible to conclude whether there has been any improper
dealings/conduct on the part of the Company or its officers. Consequently, in
our view, this situation does not merit disclosure at this stage but would
have to be reviewed if more information becomes available.

29.Please note that the above is a preliminary assessment based on limited
facts and the company is advised to conduct a full investigation when more
facts emerge or become available.

24 As mentioned earlier, the Written Advice, although dated 28 November 2005,
was substantially the same as the Draft Advice, which was dated 28 September
2005. The only difference lay in para 28 of the Draft Advice, which was as
follows:[note: 17]

28.It is not entirely clear at this stage what CPIB are [_sic_] investigating.
There have been no formal charges against any officer of Airocean and/or its
subsidiaries. _The transactions being investigated by CPIB also do not deal
with significant sums. There is_ [_sic_] _also no substantive allegations of
substantial benefits being offered or changing hands. CPIB has not confronted
any of the officers with any real evidence of the alleged corruption._ Seen in
this light, the allegations are vague and tentative which in our view should
not merit disclosure at this stage until further information is available.
[emphasis added]

25 It is not disputed that after Imran and Eusuff finished interviewing Tay
and the three officers of the Subsidiaries who had been questioned by CPIB
(see [17] above), TRC was not aware of any further developments in the CPIB
Investigations.

26 After the 25/11/05 Announcement was released, Lorraine Chay (“Chay”), Vice-
President of SGX’s Issuer Regulation Unit, sent an e-mail to Ang on 28
November 2005 (the first trading day after the release of the 25/11/05
Announcement) asking six questions in relation to the announcement. On 30
November 2005, Winston Seow, one of Airocean’s company secretaries, sent Chay
Airocean’s response.

27 On 1 December 2005, Chay and two of her colleagues met Tay and Madhavan at
SGX’s premises. The minutes of this meeting recorded, _inter alia_ , that SGX
informed Tay and Madhavan that it “had received information that the
[25/11/05] Announcement [might] not be accurate”,[note: 18] and that “[a]s
such, [Airocean’s] Board should decide whether a further clarification was
warranted”.[note: 19] The minutes further recorded that SGX “advised
[Airocean] to conduct independent investigations into the matter rather than
to rest only on [Tay’s] words”.[note: 20] On the same day, Madhavan, Ong CH
and Ong met Chay and her colleagues at SGX’s premises without the presence of
Airocean’s management. The minutes of this meeting recorded, _inter alia_ ,
that “SGX expressed concern that [Airocean’s] Board [had] relied heavily on
the words of [Tay] in their investigations”,[note: 21] and that the directors
present at the meeting “said that they would go back to consider whether and
how a further clarification of the [25/11/05] Announcement should be
made”.[note: 22]

28 Later that day, Airocean made another announcement (“the 1/12/05
Announcement”) as follows:[note: 23]

We refer to the articles in the Straits Times and the Business Times relating
to [Airocean] during the period 25 November 2005 to 29 November 2005
(“Articles”).

In the Articles, [Tay], Chief Executive Officer of [Airocean], was quoted to
say, “that his interview with the CPIB was “incidental” and due to his
position in a company that is a leading player in the transportation logistics
industry in Asia.”

[Airocean] wishes to clarify that this quote or any similar quotes or quotes
of similar meaning or effect in the Articles are inaccurate. [Airocean] had in
[the 25/11/05 Announcement] stated that [Tay] has provided statements to
[CPIB] and offered his full co-operation in their investigation.

Further, [Airocean] has not received any further communication from the CPIB
and is not aware of any conclusion in their investigation.

29 On 2 December 2005, the Commercial Affairs Department (“CAD”) started
investigations into alleged contraventions of the disclosure provisions in the
SFA by Airocean. This led Airocean to make the following announcement on the
same day (“the 2/12/05 Announcement”):[note: 24]

The Board of Directors of Airocean … wishes to announce that [CAD] has
instituted investigations into alleged disclosure contraventions under the
Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) relating to [the 25/11/05 Announcement
and the 1/12/05 Announcement] on the article “Airocean chief executive [Tay]
under CPIB probe” published in The Straits Times on 25 November 2005. The
Board of Directors today attended an interview at the office of CAD.

The Board of Directors will closely monitor the situation and will keep
shareholders informed accordingly.

In respect of [the 1/12/05 Announcement], the Board of Directors, at the
request of SGX, wishes to clarify that [Tay] and three (3) officers of [the
Subsidiaries] were interviewed by [CPIB] in September 2005. The interview
concerned two (2) transactions involving [the Subsidiaries] with other
companies in the aircargo industry.

The decision below

The DJ’s decision on the Non-disclosure Charges

30 In a reserved judgment issued on 29 March 2011, the DJ convicted Chong and
Madhavan of the Non-disclosure Charges on the basis of the following findings:

(a) Airocean had knowledge of the Information as confirmed by, _inter alia_ ,
the 8/9/05 Board Minutes (“finding (a)”) (see the Judgment at [116]);

(b) the Information was likely to affect the price or value of Airocean
shares, as testified by the Prosecution’s expert witness, Chan Heng Toong
(“Chan”) (“finding (b)”) (see the Judgment at [128]–[137]);

(c) Airocean’s failure to disclose the Information was reckless as it took a
deliberate risk that the legal advice from TRC could be wrong, in that its
directors and officers did not bother to ask Imran for the reasons for the
opinion expressed in the Oral Advice (“finding (c)”) (see the Judgment at
[166]); and

(d) Chong and Madhavan had consented to Airocean’s reckless failure to
disclose the Information (see the Judgment at [170]).

31 I do not propose to deal with the submissions of Chong and Madhavan that
finding (a) is wrong as, in my view, it is fully supported by the evidence.

32 Apropos finding (b), the DJ said (at [128]–[130] of the Judgment):

128 The prosecution’s expert witness, [Chan] had confirmed that the
information in this case was likely to materially affect the price and value
of Airocean shares and had to be disclosed under Rule 703(1)(b) of the SGX
Listing Rules. He also gave his opinion that based on the information
contained in the minutes of the [8/9/05 Board Meeting], the information was
material which would warrant disclosure. The court agrees that [Tay] who was
the CEO and director of Airocean was a key figure as he was credited with the
success of Airocean by the media and as the CEO, if anything happens to him
which would curtail his ability to attend to the affairs of the company, it
would be a cause for concern to investors in the company. If this information
is not disclosed, the persons in possession of such information would
certainly be in a more advantageous position than those who do not know when
trading in such shares. …

129 In regard to whether the information would likely affect the price or
value of Airocean shares, [Chan] had given an account of the fall in price
after the [2/12/05 Announcement] which was considered to be an accurate
announcement by the prosecution and the SGX. This announcement stated that:–

“[Tay] and 3 officers of [the Subsidiaries] were interviewed by the CPIB in
September, 2005. The interview concerned 2 transactions involving [the
Subsidiaries] with other companies in the aircargo industry.”

130 Chan had given evidence that the price of Airocean shares fell by 17.4%
from 0.115 to 0.095 on 5th December, 2005 which was a material price movement.
Chan also stated that to have an accurate guage [_sic_] of an event on the
market, one has to look at the prices over a period of time. The defence
sought to show that the price of Airocean shares eventually climbed up to a
much higher price than the pre-2 December, 2005 announcement [price]. On 1
December, 2005, the price was at 0.115, on … 5th December, it was at 0.095, on
6th December, it was at 0.115 and on 7th December, it was at 0.125. The
defence also pointed out that Chan had agreed that there are other factors
that one would have to consider in deciding to trade in shares such as the
trend of the market and the economic outlook. He added that the list of
factors is not exhaustive. The charge in this case states that the information
is “likely” to affect the price or value of the shares. As long as there is a
likely impact on the price of the shares when one is aware of this
information, that would suffice. Whether the price did eventually move up or
down can be due to a multiplicity of factors. Chan had, based on his extensive
experience in corporate matters confirmed that the information in question
would be material as to warrant a disclosure. The court finds that
objectively, the information would be likely to affect the price of shares in
the company.

33 Apropos finding (c), the DJ said (at [166] and [168] of the Judgment):

166 … The court also agree [_sic_] with the prosecution’s submission that …
Airocean was taking a deliberate risk that the legal advice [from TRC] could
be wrong as Airocean, its officers and directors did not bother about the
reasons for the Oral Advice and that this was reckless. It would appear from
the facts that there was no clarification sought by Airocean in regard to the
alleged Oral Advice.

…

168 The prosecution had submitted that the only record of any deliberation or
decision by the Board of Airocean on the issue of disclosure was in the
minutes of the [8/9/05 Board Meeting] that “technically no action needs to be
taken.” The defence argument was that the purpose of the meeting was to
appraise [_sic_] the Board of the events which had taken place and that
Airocean refrained from making a decision pending legal advice. The defence
had also pointed out that the words used “technically no action needs to be
taken” was due to [Doris Koh’s] poor command of English. The prosecution also
submitted that if no decision was taken by the company at the meeting, then
this can only mean that the company, through its inaction since 8th September,
2005 until 2 December 2005 (when it finally came clean) failed to disclose
what the law required to be disclosed. In either event, the company would have
breached its obligations of disclosure and both [Chong] and [Madhavan], who
consented to this, are guilty of the offence for which they are charged.
Granted that Airocean may not have decided that no announcement was necessary
during the [8/9/05] Board Meeting …, the fact remains that given all the
information available to them as discussed above, it was incumbent upon the
Company to disclose ‘the Information’ as they [_sic_] were clearly likely to
affect the price or value of the shares in Airocean. The court finds that
Airocean’s failure to notify SGX of ‘the Information’ was reckless.

The DJ’s decision on the Misleading Disclosure Charges

34 The DJ convicted the Appellants of the Misleading Disclosure Charges. He
found against the Appellants on the following crucial issues:

(a) the 25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material particular
(“finding (i)”) (see [179] and [183] of the Judgment);

(b) the 25/11/05 Announcement was likely to have the effect of stabilising the
market price of Airocean shares at a higher level (“finding (ii)”) (see [190]
of the Judgment);

(c) at the time when Airocean made the 25/11/05 Announcement, it knew that the
announcement was misleading in a material particular (“finding (iii)”) (see
[195] of the Judgment); and

(d) the Appellants consented to the release of the 25/11/05 Announcement
(“finding (iv)”) (see the Judgment at [197] and [224]).

I shall consider the correctness of only finding (i) and finding (ii). If
these two findings are wrong, there will be no need for me to consider finding
(iii) and finding (iv).

35 Apropos finding (i), the DJ said (at [179] and [183] of the Judgment):

179 … In response to the request by SGX, Airocean had provided [the 25/11/05
Announcement] which omitted to mention [the Subsidiaries] and instead stated
that the investigations were into “some other companies in the Aircargo
industry”. _This would cause the public to think that the investigations were
into other companies in the Aircargo industry but not into Airocean,
[the]__[S]ubsidiaries or its officers ([Tay])._ … The crux of the charge was
that the Information provided in the [25/11/05 Announcement] was misleading in
a material particular as _it would impact on investors trading in Airocean
shares in deciding whether to buy or sell these shares_.

…

183 It can be seen that [the 2/12/05 Announcement] provides a true and
accurate version of the events which had taken place in September, 2005 … This
… announcement … states that the investigations by the CPIB were into the
affairs of … Airocean, its officers including [Tay] and [the] [S]ubsidiaries.
The information provided in this announcement is material information _which
would certainly impact on the decision of investors trading in Airocean shares
as to whether they would sell or buy these shares._ The [25/11/05
Announcement] omits the mention of the CPIB questioning or interviewing the
officers of [the Subsidiaries] in relation to the 2 transactions involving
[the Subsidiaries] with other companies in the aircargo industry. Instead,
[it] stated [“]into some other companies in the Aircargo industry” which is
clearly misleading in a material particular as this would, as submitted by the
prosecution, distance Airocean and its officers as far away as possible from
the allegations made by the [ST Article]. The [25/11/05 Announcement] is
clearly misleading in a material particular.

[emphasis added]

36 Apropos finding (ii), the DJ said (at [189]–[190] of the Judgment):

189 … Chan had given evidence on whether the [25/11/05 Announcement] was
likely to have the effect of stabilizing the market price of certain
securities. In his report P30, he stated that “this was likely to have the
effect of stabilizing the market price at a LEVEL HIGHER than what would have
taken place, had the facts been truthfully and fully provided. The
announcement or parts of it gave the public the impression that [Tay] and [the
Subsidiaries] were not the subjects of the CPIB [I]nvestigations. By doing so,
[Airocean] shareholders would not be alarmed that CPIB was carrying out
investigations on [Tay] and [the Subsidiaries] and [would] not likely be led
to sell their [Airocean] shares, which they otherwise would likely have done
so if they had the true and complete facts …” As it turned out, the price of
Airocean shares fell after the [25/11/05 Announcement]. Likewise, the price of
shares also fell after the [2/12/05 Announcement]. The defence had sought to
show that notwithstanding the [25/11/05 Announcement] where it states that the
[CPIB] [I]nvestigations were into some other companies in the aircargo
industry and not Tay or Airocean, the price of shares of the company fell. In
the same vein, the defence submitted that the omission of the reference to the
transactions involving [the Subsidiaries] in the [25/11/05 Announcement] also
resulted in a fall in the price of Airocean shares. The expert witness [Chan]
had explained that the market had reacted negatively to the [25/11/05
Announcement] and they did not believe what was stated in the announcement.
The prosecution had submitted that the market believed the [ST Article] rather
than the denial by the company on what was stated in the report. The
prosecution added that this would reinforce the effect that news of the CPIB
[I]nvestigations would have and did have an impact on Airocean’s share price.

190 The question before the court is whether the [25/11/05 Announcement] was
likely to stabilize the market price of Airocean shares. It is clear that if
there is information that a company is under investigation by the CPIB,
investors trading in Airocean shares would be affected in deciding whether to
sell or buy these shares. Consequently, the price of the shares would fall if
there is a large volume of shares sold in the market. The subsequent
announcement by Airocean on 2 December, 2005 (P13) [_ie_ , the 2/12/05
Announcement] showed that prices fell on the next day following the
announcement although, as pointed [out] by the defence, the prices eventually
creeped up. The question is whether it was likely. The defence had submitted
that the [25/11/05 Announcement] did not stabilize the market price of
Airocean shares as following [that announcement], the price of Airocean shares
fell on the next trading day on 28th November, 2005. The expert [Chan] had
explained that the market reacted negatively because the public did not
believe what the company had said. The court accepts the explanation of [Chan]
in the light of the report in the [ST Article] on 25th November, 2005. The
fact remains that the [25/11/05 Announcement] did not paint the true picture
as it did not state that the CPIB were looking into the affairs of Airocean ie
that [Tay] and 3 officers from [the Subsidiaries] were questioned by the CPIB
and that it was in relation to transactions involving [the Subsidiaries]. The
court was of the view that given this situation, if an announcement by
Airocean states that the CPIB were investigating into some other companies in
the Aircargo industry and omit[s] to state that it involve [_sic_] its CEO
[Tay] and [the Subsidiaries], it is **likely** to stabilize the market price
of Airocean shares.

[emphasis in bold in original]

The DJ’s decision on the Insider Trading Charges

37 The DJ convicted Chong of the Insider Trading Charges for the following
reasons: (a) Chong was “a person … connected to a corporation” for the
purposes of s 218 of the SFA (a “connected person”) (see [234] of the
Judgment); (b) Chong was in possession of the Information (see [233]–[234] of
the Judgment); (c) the Information was “price-sensitive” (see [236] of the
Judgment); (d) Chong was presumed under s 218(4) of the SFA to know that the
Information was not generally available and that if the Information were
generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of
Airocean shares (see [234] of the Judgment); (e) Chong had failed to rebut the
presumption in s 218(4) of the SFA (see [234] and [238] of the Judgment); and
(f) Chong had sold Airocean shares whilst in possession of the Information
(see [239] of the Judgment).

The sentences imposed by the DJ

38 In respect of the Non-disclosure Charges, the DJ, after noting that the
sentencing norm for offences under s 203 was a fine and that Tay, who had
pleaded guilty, had been fined $80,000 for a similar offence, fined Chong
$100,000 and Madhavan, $120,000 (see the Judgment at [250]–[252]). Madhavan
was fined a higher amount as he was the principal director whom the other
directors looked to for advice. He had also actively liaised with TRC to
obtain legal advice. The default sentences were imprisonment terms of ten
months in Chong’s case and 12 months in Madhavan’s case (see the Judgment at
[252]).

39 In respect of the Misleading Disclosure Charges, the DJ, having noted that
Tay, who had pleaded guilty to a similar offence (for making a false statement
to the press), had been fined $160,000, fined Chong $180,000 (in default, 18
months’ imprisonment) and Ong, $170,000 (in default, 17 months’ imprisonment)
(see the Judgment at [254]–[255]). As for Madhavan, the DJ sentenced him to
four months’ imprisonment on the ground that he had played a dominant role in
the commission of the offence, even though he had not profited from his
criminal act (see the Judgment at [254]–[255]).

40 In respect of the Insider Trading Charges, the DJ noted the Prosecution’s
submission that a custodial sentence was warranted by the need for general
deterrence (see the Judgment at [257]). The DJ then held that a custodial
sentence of two months’ imprisonment on each charge (with the sentences for
two of the charges to run consecutively) was warranted due to the following
“aggravating” factors (see the Judgment at [258]–[259]): (a) Chong had avoided
a loss totalling $191,450; (b) Chong had obtained the Information because of
his position as the COO and an executive director of Airocean; (c) the
Information was material and “would have an impact on investors trading in
Airocean’s shares” (see the Judgment at [258]); and (d) “the exploitation of
confidential information … would undermine public confidence in the
transparency and integrity of the securities market” (see the Judgment at
[258]).

The disqualification orders imposed by the DJ

41 In relation to disqualification, the DJ held that s 154(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the CA”) was not applicable because “it [was]
concerned with disqualification where an offence [was] committed that
involve[d] fraud or dishonesty and no provision [was] made for the
pronouncement of disqualification as it appear[ed] to follow immediately upon
conviction” (see the Judgment at [264], referring to _Public Prosecutor v Foo
Jong Kan and Another_ [2005] SGDC 248). However, the DJ held that s 154(2) of
the CA was applicable as the offences concerned were committed in connection
with the management of Airocean (see the Judgment at [272]–[273]). He
therefore disqualified Madhavan from holding office as a director or being
involved in the management of any company for a period of five years upon his
release from prison after serving the imprisonment term imposed for the
Misleading Disclosure Charges. Similarly, Chong was disqualified for five
years upon his release from prison after serving the imprisonment term imposed
for the Insider Trading Charges. In contrast, Ong was disqualified for only
two years because, in the DJ’s view, he was less culpable than Madhavan and
Chong (see the Judgment at [273]).

The appeals against the convictions on the Non-disclosure Charges, the
Misleading Disclosure Charges and the Insider Trading Charges

The element of materiality in the three types of charges

The relevant provisions

42 The common element of materiality runs through the three types of charges
in issue in these appeals. The Non-disclosure Charges involve the offence
under s 203 of the SFA (referred to hereafter as “s 203” for short where
appropriate) of intentionally or recklessly breaching rule 703(1)(b) of the
Singapore Exchange Trading Limited Listing Manual (“the Listing Rules”), which
requires a company that issues securities traded on SGX (referred to as an
“issuer” in the Listing Rules) to disclose information that “would be likely
to materially affect the price or value of its securities”. The element of
materiality for the purposes of the Non-disclosure Charges relates to the
likely effect of the Information on the _price or value_ of Airocean shares.
As for the Misleading Disclosure Charges, they are based on s 199 of the SFA
(referred to hereafter as “s 199” for short where appropriate), which
prohibits, _inter alia_ , the making of any statement that is misleading in “a
material particular”. The element of materiality for the purposes of the
Misleading Disclosure Charges pertains to whether the misleading portions of
the 25/11/05 Announcement were likely to have the effect of “stabilizing the
market price of … Airocean shares”.[note: 25] With regard to the Insider
Trading Charges under s 218 of the SFA (referred to hereafter as “s 218” for
short where appropriate), the element of materiality relates to whether, if
the Information were generally available, a reasonable person would expect it
to have a material effect on the price or value of Airocean shares (see s
218(1)(_a_) of the SFA). In this regard, s 216 of the SFA (referred to
hereafter as “s 216” for short where appropriate) provides that a reasonable
person would be taken to expect information to have “a material effect on the
price or value of securities” if the information “would, or would be likely
to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or
not to subscribe for, buy or sell the … securities [concerned]”. It can be
immediately seen from the terms of these provisions that the concept of
materiality in s 218 _read with s 216_ is different from that in s 218 _read
on its own_ , s 199 and rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules (referred to
hereafter as “rule 703(1)(b)” for short where appropriate). This distinction
is crucial to the determination of the guilt or otherwise of the Appellants
with respect to the offences which they were charged with and convicted of in
the court below. As will be seen, both Chan’s expert opinion and the DJ’s
decision appear to have been based on the premise that the concept of
materiality is the same for the purposes of the Non-disclosure Charges, the
Misleading Disclosure Charges and the Insider Trading Charges. It is necessary
that I now consider the meaning of “materiality” of information in the context
of the securities market.

43 The ordinary or dictionary meaning of the word “material” connotes
something of importance. In a legal context, anything that is material to a
particular issue is not simply relevant to that issue, but is also important
or significant to the determination or resolution of that issue. For example,
evidence may be relevant but not sufficient – _ie_ , not “material” – to prove
a fact. In relation to information, the central idea of materiality is that
the information in question must be relevant _and also significant_ to the
subject matter concerned. In the context of the securities market generally,
for information to be material, it must have some significant effect either on
the behaviour of investors in subscribing for, buying or selling securities,
or on the price or value of securities. In the specific context of rule
703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules, which imposes an obligation on an issuer to
disclose information that would be likely to have a material effect on the
price or value of its securities, the word “material” must necessarily refer
to information that is likely to effect a significant change in the price or
value of an issuer’s securities.

44 This interpretation is supported by Hans Tjio, _Principles and Practice of
Securities Regulation in Singapore_ (LexisNexis, 2nd Ed, 2011) (“ _Hans Tjio_
”), where the author states (at para 8.30) that Chapter 7 of the Listing
Rules, which is the chapter in which rule 703(1)(b) is contained, imposes on
issuers the obligation to ensure “prompt market disclosure of all material
information which would result in a significant change in the market price or
value of [their] securities”. I agree with this interpretation of rule
703(1)(b) as it strikes a fair balance between the need for continuous
disclosure to investors of “material information which would result in a
significant change in the market price or value of [an issuer’s] securities”
(see _Hans Tjio_ at para 8.30) and the need to ensure that issuers are not
unduly burdened by having to disclose every kind of information, however
trivial, that may be likely to have an effect – but not a material effect – on
the price of their securities. It calls for a fine, and often difficult,
judgment on the part of issuers to decide whether or not information needs to
be disclosed under rule 703(1)(b). For clarity and convenience, I shall refer
to information falling under rule 703(1)(b) as “materially price-sensitive
information”.

45 In respect of s 199, the words “material particular” apply to a false or
misleading particular that is likely to have the effect of, _inter alia_ ,
“raising, lowering, maintaining or stabilising the market price of securities”
(see s 199(_c_)), and not simply any kind of false or misleading particular.
The focus of this provision is on the price impact of false or misleading
statements. It follows from the nature of the offence under s 199 that the
false or misleading particular in question must, just as in the case of the
offence under s 203 (read with rule 703(1)(b)), be of sufficient importance to
significantly affect the _price or value_ of securities. As such, I shall also
refer to information falling under s 199 as “materially price-sensitive
information”.

46 The concept of materiality in s 218 of the SFA, _when read without s 216_ ,
is the same as the concept of materiality in rule 703(1)(b) and s 199 because
s 218 read on its own is likewise concerned with the likely effect of
information on the price or value of securities. In other words, information
which falls under s 218 _read on its own_ is likewise materially price-
sensitive information. The character or quality of materially price-sensitive
information in all three provisions – _viz_ , s 199, rule 703(1)(b) and s 218
read on its own – is the same. However, for the purposes of the offence under
s 218 (also referred to hereafter as “the offence of insider trading” where
appropriate), s 216 makes it unnecessary for the Prosecution to show that the
information in question may have a material effect on the price or value of
securities in order to satisfy the requirement of materiality set out in s
218. The reason is that s 216 provides that:

… [A] reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a
material effect on the price or value of securities if the information _would,
or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in
deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell the first-mentioned
securities_. [emphasis added]

The effect of s 216 is to equate the concept of “material effect on the price
or value of securities” in s 218 with the likelihood of influencing persons
who commonly invest in securities (“common investors”) in deciding whether to
subscribe for, buy or sell the securities concerned. For clarity and
convenience, I shall refer to information falling under s 218 _read with s
216_ as “trade-sensitive information”. I must at the same time emphasise that
s 216 is expressly stated to apply only “[f]or the purposes of this Division”,
_ie_ , Division 3 of Part XII of the SFA, which is the Division in which s 218
is contained. _Section 216 does not apply to any other Division of Part XII of
the SFA._ It therefore does not apply to Division 1 of Part XII, which is the
Division in which s 199 and s 203 are contained. Accordingly, information
which “a reasonable person would expect … to have a material effect on the
price or value of securities” under s 218 read with s 216 _cannot_ be equated
with information which “would be likely to materially affect the price or
value of … securities” under rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules. If the
position were otherwise, it would entail that whenever a connected person (as
defined at [37] above) is found guilty of insider trading under s 218, the
company may be held to have committed the offence under s 203 read with rule
703(1)(b) as it may have put itself in a position of having either
intentionally or recklessly failed to notify SGX of the inside information in
question. Furthermore, all its directors who were aware of that inside
information may also be held, pursuant to s 331(1) of the SFA, to have
consented to or connived in the company’s commission of the s 203 offence,
provided that the exception under rule 703(3) of the Listing Rules is
inapplicable.

47 In summary, a pure textual reading of the relevant provisions shows that
Parliament and SGX have prescribed different concepts of materiality for the
purposes of the offence under s 199 and the offence under s 203 on the one
hand, and the offence under s 218 on the other, in relation to information
concerning securities.

48 This distinction is not found in the Australian legislation and rules from
which Singapore’s continuous disclosure and insider trading regimes are
derived (see the Table of Derivations annexed to the Securities and Futures
Bill 2001 (Bill 33 of 2001) (“the SF Bill”)). The asymmetry between
Singapore’s continuous disclosure regime and Australia’s continuous disclosure
regime has been noted in _Walter Woon on Company Law: Revised Third Edition_
(Tan Cheng Han gen ed) (Sweet & Maxwell, 2009) (“ _Walter Woon_ ”) at para
15.50 (which Chong has referred to in his written submissions for MA
10/2011)[note: 26] as follows:

**Relationship with mandatory disclosure**

**15.50** Insider trading is the result of the information asymmetry that
exists between those considered ‘insiders’ in a company and ‘outside’
investors. Perhaps, a more efficient and pre-emptive way of curing the problem
is therefore to have the company disclose the relevant information in a timely
fashion before its ‘insiders’ can take advantage of them. It is therefore
quite clear that the mandatory disclosure obligation works in tandem with
insider trading laws. _Interestingly, the draft consultation Securities and
Futures Bill, which adopted Australia’s integrated disclosure regime, utilised
the same definition of general availability and materiality of information for
both the continuous disclosure obligation as well as insider trading. The
relevant provisions did not, however, find their way into the [SFA] where the
continuing disclosure obligation in s 203 of the SFA was concerned._

[emphasis added]

49 _Walter Woon_ points out that _at the consultation stage_ , the draft of
the SF Bill imported the Australian deeming provision (_viz_ , the deeming
provision in s 1001D of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) (“the Australian
Corporations Act 2001”), which has since been repealed (see [55] below)) into
the continuous disclosure regime (_ie_ , the disclosure regime under s 203 of
the SFA), but it was omitted in the final version of the SF Bill when it was
passed by Parliament. Even though the parliamentary materials are silent on
the reasons for this omission, it is reasonable to infer that the omission was
deliberate. The result is that the SFA provides two separate regimes in
relation to the concept of materiality, _viz_ , the continuous disclosure
regime under s 203 (when read with provisions in the Listing Rules such as
rule 703(1)(b)), which regulates the disclosure of material information, and
the insider trading regime under s 218, which prohibits the use of inside
information for the purposes of trading in securities. Even though the two
regimes are intended to work in tandem, the relevant provisions provide
different legal tests for determining the materiality of the information
concerned.

50 As will be seen, the DJ made no distinction between the different concepts
of materiality in convicting the Appellants of the different types of offences
with which they were charged as he relied uncritically on Chan’s expert
opinion in answer to three questions posed to him by the Prosecution (set out
in the quotation at [69] below), which questions also did not make such a
distinction.

The decision in Jubilee Mines NL v Riley (2009) 69 ACSR 659

51 Before I leave this subject, it is relevant to consider how the Western
Australian courts have dealt with the related problem of an inconsistency
between the statutory and the regulatory regimes governing the obligation to
disclose material information under the corresponding securities legislation.
In _Jubilee Mines NL v Riley_ (2009) 69 ACSR 659 (“ _Jubilee Mines NL_ ”), the
Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Western Australia (“the WACA”) was
required to interpret the meaning of the word “material” in the context of the
phrase “material effect on the price or value of securities” in rule 3A of the
Australian Securities Exchange Listing Rules at the material time (“the ASX
Listing Rules”) (from which rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules appears to be
derived) and s 1001A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (on which s 203
of the SFA is modelled (see the Table of Derivations annexed to the SF Bill)).
Although s 1001A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 has since been
repealed, the reasoning of the WACA in _Jubilee Mines NL_ is nonetheless
instructive.

52 The headnote of _Jubilee Mines NL_ sets out succinctly the facts of the
case and the decision of the WACA as follows (see _Jubilee Mines NL_ at
659–660):

Jubilee Mines NL (Jubilee) was a listed gold exploration company. In 1993,
Jubilee acquired a tenement known as McFarlanes Find. In August and September
1994, Jubilee received notification from a neighboring tenement holder,
Western Mining Corporation Ltd (WMC), concerning the results of drilling that
WMC had mistakenly carried out on McFarlanes Find. These results showed nickel
sulphide dissemination at substantial depths. Jubilee did not disclose these
matters to the market until June 1996.

At first instance, Riley (being a holder of both partly and fully paid shares
in Jubilee) succeeded in a claim brought under s 1005 of the [Australian
Corporations Act 2001] for loss and damage suffered by reason of a failure to
immediately disclose the information in contravention of s 1001A of the
[Australian Corporations Act 2001]. Jubilee appealed from that decision.

**Held** , allowing the appeal and setting aside the judgment at first
instance:

…

(ix) As Jubilee had, as a matter of fact, no intention of undertaking
exploratory drilling on the McFarlanes Find tenement in 1994 it had no
obligation to disclose the information provided by WMC in 1994: at
[106]–[114].

(x) Standing in the shoes of the hypothetical investor … and taking into
account the relevant evidence, an announcement by Jubilee of all relevant
information pertaining to the WMC drill hole data with respect to McFarlanes
Find would not, or would not have been likely to, influence persons who
commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to buy or sell its
shares. Accordingly, s 1001D [of the Australian Corporations Act 2001] did not
operate to require Jubilee to disclose any information relating to the data
provided by WMC until June 2006: at [123].

…

[emphasis in bold in original]

53 Rule 3A(1) of the ASX Listing Rules (which corresponds, but is not
identical to rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules) provided as follows at the
material time (see _Jubilee Mines NL_ at [42]):

A listed company shall immediately notify the [ASX] of —

(1) any information concerning the company of which it is or becomes aware and
which a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price
or value of securities of the company. …

…

54 Section 1001A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (which corresponds,
but is not identical to s 203 of the SFA) provided as follows at the material
time (see _Jubilee Mines NL_ at [44]):

(1) This section applies to a listed disclosing entity if the provisions of
the listing rules of a securities exchange:

(a) apply to the entity; and

(b) require the entity to notify the securities exchange of information about
specified events or matters as they arise for the purpose of the securities
exchange making that information available to a stock market conducted by the
securities exchange.

(2) The disclosing entity must not contravene those provisions by
intentionally, recklessly or negligently failing to notify the securities
exchange of information:

(a) that is not generally available; and

(b) that a reasonable person would expect, if it were generally available, to
have a material effect on the price or value of ED securities [_ie_ ,
“enhanced disclosure securities”, which refer, _inter alia_ , to securities
quoted on a stock market of a securities exchange (see s 111AE(1) of the
Australian Corporations Act 2001, which has since been repealed)] of the
entity.

(3) A contravention of subsection (2) is only an offence if the failure
concerned is intentional or reckless.

…

55 Section 1001D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (which has since been
repealed and which corresponds, but is not identical to s 216 of the SFA)
provided as follows at the material time:

For the purposes of [section] 1001A …, a reasonable person would be taken to
expect information to have a material effect on the price or value of
securities if the information would, or would be likely to, influence persons
who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for,
or buy or sell, the first-mentioned securities.

56 Because s 1001D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 applied to s 1001A
but not rule 3A of the ASX Listing Rules, the appellant in _Jubilee Mines NL_
argued that the master at first instance erred in applying s 1001D to “the
antecedent question of whether [rule 3A(1) of the ASX Listing Rules] had been
breached” (see _Jubilee Mines NL_ at [56]). In other words, the appellant
argued that rule 3A(1) of the ASX Listing Rules would only be triggered if it
was shown that a reasonable person would expect the information in question to
have a material effect on the price or value of the securities concerned. The
WACA rejected the appellant’s argument for the reasons set out at [57]–[62] as
follows (_per_ Martin CJ):

57 As I have already observed, s 1001D is somewhat analogous to a deeming
provision. It provides that the question of whether a reasonable person would
be taken to expect information to have a material effect on the price or value
of securities, is to be taken to be affirmatively answered if the information
would, or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in
securities in deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or buy or sell those
securities. So, if the information has the characteristic referred to in s
1001D, it is to be taken to be information which falls within the scope of s
1001A(2)(b).

58 However, s 1001D does not provide that it is only information which has the
defined characteristic that can fall within the scope of s 1001A(2)(b). If the
legislature had intended that result, the word “if” in s 1001D would no doubt
have been followed by the words “and only if”. It follows that information can
fall within the scope of the legislative regime either if it has the
characteristic referred to in s 1001D or alternatively, if it is _for some
other reason_ information which a reasonable person would be taken to expect
to have a material effect on the price or value of securities.

59 However, in practical terms, it is very difficult to envisage a
circumstance in which a reasonable person would expect information to have a
material effect on the price or value of securities if the information would
not be likely to influence persons who commonly invest in those securities in
deciding whether or not to subscribe for, or buy or sell them. The price of
securities quoted on a stock exchange is essentially a function of the
interplay of the forces of supply and demand. It is therefore difficult to see
how a reasonable person could expect information to have a material effect on
price, if it was not likely to influence either supply or demand. Rather, on
the face of it, the scope of information which would, or would be likely, to
influence persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether or not
to subscribe for, or buy or sell those securities is potentially wider than
information which a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect
on price or value, because there is no specific requirement of materiality in
the former requirement.

60 The question posed by ground 7 is whether s 1001D applies to the
ascertainment of a contravention of listing rule 3A [_ie_ , rule 3A of the ASX
Listing Rules], or whether, as Jubilee [the appellant] asserts, … listing rule
3A can only be contravened if a reasonable person would expect the information
to have a material effect on the price or value of Jubilee’s securities quite
independently of the question posed by s 1001D. Jubilee advances that
proposition on the unstated hypothesis that the effect of its acceptance would
be that listing rule 3A(1) would have a narrower scope of operation than s
1001A(2) read with s 1001D. Based on the analysis in the preceding paragraph,
that hypothesis would appear to be valid, if Jubilee’s argument is accepted.

61 However, acceptance of Jubilee’s proposition would create a significant
inconsistency in the regime which was quite deliberately created in 1993 and
1994, and which was based upon the interplay of the [ASX] Listing Rules and
the statutory provisions. That is because the scope of the statutory regime,
if this argument were accepted, would be potentially wider than the scope of
the [ASX] Listing Rules. But invocation of the statutory regime is dependent
upon a contravention of the [ASX] Listing Rules. Thus, the use of potentially
broadening language in the statutory regime would be pointless.

62 As I have observed, the [ASX] Listing Rules expressly provide that
“expressions given a particular meaning in … the [Australian Corporations Act
2001]” are to have the same meaning when used in the [ASX] Listing Rules.
Further, as seen above, on strict analysis, s 1001D did not give the
expression used in s 1001A a particular meaning. Rather, s 1001D provided that
the requirement embodied in the expression is to be taken to be satisfied in
particular circumstances. However, the clear sentiment more generally embodied
in the definitions section of the [ASX] Listing Rules, and quite specifically
embodied in the structural relationship between the [ASX] Listing Rules and ss
1001A–1001D, is that of consistency between the two regimes. An unduly
constrained and technical approach to the terminology used in the definition
section in the [ASX] Listing Rules would defeat that obvious purpose and
create the evident inconsistency to which I have referred. For those reasons,
such an approach should be rejected. The better view is that s 1001D applied
to listing rule 3A with the consequence that if information had the
characteristic defined in that section, it should be taken to be information
falling within the scope of the listing rule. Accordingly, ground 7 should be
dismissed.

[emphasis added]

57 In _Jubilee Mines NL_ , the WACA construed the requirement of materiality
in rule 3A of the ASX Listing Rules as being the same as the requirement of
materiality in s 1001A(2)(b) read with s 1001D of the Australian Corporations
Act 2001 because the contrary construction would have created “a significant
inconsistency in the regime which was quite deliberately created in 1993 and
1994” (see _Jubilee Mines NL_ at [61]), and “the use of potentially broadening
language in the statutory regime would be pointless” if one had to satisfy the
requirement of a narrower concept of materiality in rule 3A of the ASX Listing
Rules (see likewise _Jubilee Mines NL_ at [61]).

The different concepts of materiality in s 218 read with s 216 and s 203 read
with rule 703(1)(b)

58 The apparent inconsistency between the statutory and the regulatory regimes
which was resolved by the WACA in _Jubilee Mines NL_ does not arise under the
Listing Rules and the SFA because our continuous disclosure regime does not
provide for an equivalent of s 1001D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001
to apply to our equivalent of s 1001A of the Australian Corporations Act 2001,
_viz_ , s 203 of the SFA (see [46] and [49] above). In other words, there is
no provision in s 203 or any other section of Division I of Part XII of the
SFA (_viz_ , the Division in which s 203 is found) to deem the phrase
“materially affect” in rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules to have the
characteristic referred to in s 1001D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001
(which, as mentioned earlier, corresponds, but is not identical to s 216 of
the SFA). As pointed out earlier, s 216 of the SFA is enacted in substantially
the same terms as s 1001D of the Australian Corporations Act 2001, but s 216
applies only to insider trading under s 218. It should be noted that the DJ’s
attention was, in fact, drawn to these differences between the two legislative
frameworks. In his closing submissions to the DJ, Chong referred to the
passage in _Walter Woon_ reproduced at [48] above and pointed out that the
definition of “material effect on the price or value of securities” in s 216
was applicable only to the offence of insider trading in Division 3 of Part
XII of the SFA, and not to any other Division of Part XII (and, in particular,
not to s 203, which, as just mentioned, is found in Division 1 of Part XII).
On that basis, Chong submitted that the Prosecution had erroneously charged
him on the basis that the information needed to prove the Insider Trading
Charges against him was the same as the information needed to prove all the
other charges against him.

59 I agree with Chong’s submission for the reasons given above. Rule 703(1)(b)
of the Listing Rules read with s 203 of the SFA has a narrower scope of
operation than s 218 _read with s 216_ of the SFA (the precise scope of rule
703(1)(b) has already been noted above at [44]). The former set of provisions
applies only to information that would be likely to have a significant impact
on the price or value of securities, but not to any other kind of information
nor to trade-sensitive information (_ie_ , information deemed by s 216 to
satisfy the requirement of materiality set out in s 218 (see [46] above))
which may not have a material effect on the price or value of securities. The
two tests of materiality are distinct as a matter of law, and the court should
not apply the broader test under s 218 read with s 216 to determine whether
the information in question crosses the threshold of materiality for the
purposes of rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules.

60 I should make three further observations. First, the information that has
to be disclosed under rule 703(1)(b) is information which “would be likely to
_materially_ affect the price or value of … securities” [emphasis added]. Such
information is _not_ the same as information which would merely be likely to
affect the price or value of securities. I have earlier stated that I agree
with the statement in _Hans Tjio_ (at para 8.30) that Chapter 7 of the Listing
Rules imposes on an issuer the obligation to disclose all material information
which is likely to have the effect of making a _significant_ change in the
_price or value_ of its securities (see [44] above). The concept of
materiality in rule 703(1)(b) is different from the concept of materiality in
s 216, which assesses the materiality of information based on whether the
information is likely to influence a common investor in deciding whether to
subscribe for, buy or sell the securities concerned. That said, and this is my
second observation, all information that is required to be disclosed under
rule 703(1)(b) (_ie_ , materially price-sensitive information) will, for
practical purposes, be information which also falls under s 218 read with s
216. In other words, materially price-sensitive information will also be
trade-sensitive information. As the WACA in _Jubilee Mines NL_ observed at
[59] (reproduced at [56] above) apropos the relationship between s 1001D of
the Australian Corporations Act 2001 and rule 3A(1) of the ASX Listing Rules:

… [I]n practical terms, it is very difficult to envisage a circumstance in
which a reasonable person would expect information to have a material effect
on the price or value of securities if the information would not be likely to
influence persons who commonly invest in those securities in deciding whether
or not to subscribe for, or buy or sell them.

My third observation relates to the WACA’s comment in _Jubilee Mines NL_ at
[58] (reproduced at [56] above) that s 1001D of the Australian Corporations
Act 2001 (which, as mentioned earlier, corresponds, but is not identical to s
216 of the SFA) is not exhaustive of what is material information for the
purposes of rule 3A(1) of the ASX Listing Rule (which, although not an insider
trading provision, uses the same test of materiality as that set out in s 218
of the SFA _read on its own_ , _viz_ , the test of whether or not “a
reasonable person would expect [the information in question] to have a
material effect on the price or value of securities”). This entails, in the
context of our insider trading regime, that information which is material for
the purposes of the offence of insider trading is _not_ limited to information
which satisfies the test of materiality in s 216. Instead, the element of
materiality for the purposes of this offence can be proved in two different
ways, _viz_ , _with_ the aid of s 216 (_ie_ , by establishing that the
information in question is _trade-sensitive_ information), or, alternatively,
_without_ the aid of s 216 (_ie_ , by establishing that the information in
question is _materially price-sensitive_ information). As s 216 provides a
different and (from the Prosecution’s perspective) less rigorous test of
materiality than the test in s 218, most prosecutions for the offence of
insider trading are likely to be based on s 218 read with s 216, rather than
on s 218 read on its own.

61 My analysis of the relevant provisions may seem surprising to some market
participants. But, in my view, this differentiation between the continuous
disclosure regime and the insider trading regime is not indefensible from the
perspective of commercial morality and market integrity. If trade-sensitive
information is not disclosed to the market, no investor can be said to be
worse off, _provided_ investors in possession of trade-sensitive information
(“‘inside’ investors”) do not trade in securities using such information.
There is no question of an uneven playing field being created to the
disadvantage of common investors who do not possess the same trade-sensitive
information. Criminalising insider trading on trade-sensitive information
would serve the interest of maintaining a level playing field between common
investors and “inside” investors because the level playing field would only be
made uneven if “inside” investors in possession of trade-sensitive information
trade in securities using such information. If “inside” investors do so, there
would be good commercial reason to punish them for taking advantage of trade-
sensitive information. In any event, whether or not this distinction between
our continuous disclosure regime and our insider trading regime is defensible
is not the point here. It is a distinction that flows from the legislative and
the regulatory structures that Parliament and SGX have put in place.

The concept of materiality in s 199

62 Let me now discuss the scope of s 199 of the SFA. This section is derived
from s 999 of the Australian Corporations Act 2001 (see the Table of
Derivations annexed to the SF Bill), with one major difference (see [63]
below). Section 199 provides as follows:

**False or misleading statements, etc.**

**199**. No person shall make a statement, or disseminate information, that is
false or misleading in a material particular and is likely —

(_a_) to induce other persons to subscribe for securities;

(_b_) to induce the sale or purchase of securities by other persons; or

(_c_) to have the effect of raising, lowering, maintaining or stabilising the
market price of securities,

if, when he makes the statement or disseminates the information —

(i) he does not care whether the statement or information is true or false; or

(ii) he knows or ought reasonably to have known that the statement or
information is false or misleading in a material particular.

63 Apart from differences in the drafting style, the only substantial
difference between s 199 of the SFA and s 999 of the Australian Corporations
Act 2001 is that s 199 of the SFA does not contain the words “or materially
misleading” immediately after the words “in a material particular”. In my
view, the word “material” in the phrase “a material particular” has the same
meaning as the word “materially” in the phrase “materially misleading”.
However, the first phrase (_viz_ , “a material particular”) applies to a
particular in a statement, whereas the second phrase (_viz_ , “materially
misleading”) applies to the whole of the statement. This suggests that the
scope of s 199 of the SFA is narrower than the scope of s 999 of the
Australian Corporations Act 2001 in this respect. In other words, if,
hypothetically, the 25/11/05 Announcement is misleading only when it is read
as a whole, it may, arguably, not be caught by s 199 of the SFA because the
whole of the announcement is not a particular. However, this is not an issue
in these appeals.

64 The word “material” in s 199 is not defined, but, read in its proper
context, it must mean sufficiently important to be likely to, _inter alia_ ,
“have the effect of raising, lowering, maintaining or stabilising the market
price of securities” (see s 199(_c_) and also [45] above). As s 216 of the SFA
is not applicable to s 199, it is reasonable to infer that Parliament intended
s 199 to have a narrower scope than s 218 read with s 216. In other words, the
expression “a material particular” in s 199 refers to a particular that is
likely to materially affect the price or value of securities as per the
concept of materiality in rule 703(1)(b), and _not_ as per the concept of
materiality set out in s 216.

65 With this legal framework in mind, I shall now examine the evidence of
materiality relied upon by the DJ in convicting the Appellants of the offences
which they were charged with.

The evidence of materiality relied on by the DJ

66 The DJ held that the Prosecution had made out its case on the Misleading
Disclosure Charges and the Non-disclosure Charges based solely on Chan’s
expert evidence that the misleading parts of the 25/11/05 Announcement (in the
case of the Misleading Disclosure Charges) and the Information (in the case of
the Non-disclosure Charges) were likely to have a material effect on the price
or value of Airocean shares. Before me, Chong and Madhavan (and also Ong in so
far as the Misleading Disclosure Charges are concerned) have reiterated their
argument (which was rejected by the DJ) that this requirement was not made
out. Before considering the rival arguments, I shall first consider the
threshold argument that Chan was not qualified or competent to give expert
evidence on the issue of the materiality (or otherwise) of the aforesaid
information _vis-à-vis_ Airocean’s share price.

Whether Chan was qualified to give expert evidence

67 In substance, it is argued that Chan’s expertise was of limited value as it
was derived not from any practical experience in share trading, but from
advising clients on initial public offering (“IPO”) issues and tracking the
price performance of shares subsequent to an IPO with a view to identifying
the reasons or causes of their price performance. Chan’s expertise, in other
words, lay in explaining the movements in share prices after an event and not
in predicting the likely movements in share prices before an event – the
latter being, so it is argued, a very different kind of exercise which
requires greater skills and knowledge of how investors behave.

68 There is some merit in this argument. However, if investors are assumed to
act rationally in making investment decisions, then past experience of
investors’ behaviour can be a good guide as to their future behaviour as well.
Thus, for example, if Chan had studied a previous case where investors had
reacted in a certain way to information that a company’s CEO was under
investigation by CPIB or CAD, such a study would be useful in his prediction
as to how Airocean shareholders might likely have reacted to the news that
Tay, Airocean’s CEO, was being investigated by CPIB. Although there is no
evidence that Chan had such a specific level of experience, I am prepared to
accept him as an expert on the basis of his general experience in monitoring
the price performance of securities after their issue. I must, however, also
emphasise that, ultimately, the question of whether the information in issue
apropos the Misleading Disclosure Charges and the Non-disclosure Charges was
likely to materially affect the price or value of Airocean shares is a
question of mixed law and fact for the court, and not the expert, to decide
after considering the evidence before it. The expert cannot usurp the court’s
function in this respect (see _The H156_ [1999] 2 SLR(R) 419 at [27] and
_Pacific Recreation Pte Ltd v S Y Technology Inc and another appeal_ [2008] 2
SLR(R) 491 at [85]).

Chan’s report on the three questions posed by the Prosecution

69 Chan’s report dated 12 August 2009 (“the Report”) was specially prepared
for the trial below at the request of the Prosecution. Paragraph 2(b) of the
Report sets out the Information as defined at [5] above (_ie_ , the
information which is the subject matter of the Non-disclosure Charges and
which also constitutes the relevant inside information in relation to the
Insider Trading Charges). Paragraph 3 sets out the three questions on which
Chan’s expert opinion was sought, which opinion he provided from para 5
onwards. Paragraph 3 reads as follows:[note: 27]

3 I have been asked to provide an expert opinion on the following:

a) whether for the orderly operation of a securities exchange, [Airocean]
ought to have made an announcement under Rule 703 of the [Listing Rules] based
on the information contained in the [8/9/05 Board Minutes];

b) whether the statements or information in [the 25/11/05 Announcement] were
likely to have the effect of raising, lowering, maintaining or stabilising the
market price of [Airocean] shares; and

c) [w]hether any information contained in the [8/9/05 Board Minutes] was price
sensitive and if so, to discuss the reasons for [such] opinion, and the degree
of price sensitivity.

70 The question in para 3(a) of the Report, which relates to the Non-
disclosure Charges, seeks Chan’s opinion, in an oblique way, as to whether
“the _information_ contained in the [8/9/05 Board Minutes]”[note: 28]
[emphasis added] was likely to “ _materially_ affect the price or value of
[Airocean] shares” [emphasis added] for the purposes of rule 703(1)(b) of the
Listing Rules. If so, Airocean ought to have disclosed it. Two preliminary
issues arise from the way in which this question was framed. First, what part
of the information contained in the 8/9/05 Board Minutes ought to have been
disclosed? Second, was Chan provided with any guidance on the meaning of the
phrase “materially affect” in rule 703(1)(b) in relation to the price or value
of securities? As the question in para 3(a) of the Report is a mixed question
of law and fact, how would Chan have been able to give his opinion on it if he
did not know what the phrase “materially affect” in rule 703(1)(b) meant? As
to the first preliminary issue, it was left to Chan to select what he
considered to be the material information contained in the 8/9/05 Board
Minutes which might come within the purview of rule 703(1)(b) and which,
therefore, ought to have been disclosed. At para 6 of the Report, Chan
concluded as follows:[note: 29]

6 From the above record [_ie_ , Chan’s summary of the 8/9/05 Board Minutes],
and on the assumption that the Board of Airocean, and every member of the
Board present at [the 8/9/05 Board Meeting], knew that [Tay] was questioned by
the CPIB in relation to two transactions involving [the Subsidiaries], it is
my opinion that for the orderly operation of a securities exchange such
information known by the Board was material and warranted disclosure in a
timely manner.

71 It is clear from this conclusion that Chan selected from the 8/9/05 Board
Minutes the information concerning Tay being questioned by CPIB in relation to
two transactions involving the Subsidiaries as the crucial information that
ought to have been disclosed. In this judgment, I shall refer to this
composite information as “the Tay/Subsidiaries Information”. At para 7 of the
Report, Chan explained the likely impact of the Tay/Subsidiaries Information
on the price of Airocean shares as follows:[note: 30]

7 [Tay] was then the CEO of [Airocean], and the fact that he was questioned by
the CPIB with regard to [the Subsidiaries] was material information likely to
materially affect the price of [_sic_] value of [Airocean] shares. [Tay] was
not only the Chief Executive but also one of the two founder-shareholders in
the Company. He has been credited for the success of the Company by the Media
(ST article dated 25 November 2005 [_ie_ , the ST Article as defined at [19]
above]). His questioning by the CPIB in relation to [the Subsidiaries] would
thus be likely to cause a reasonable investor to conclude that his ability to
continue to effectively attend to the affairs of the company would be
impaired. This in turn can affect the future performance of the company. Given
this, a reasonable investor with knowledge of this information will be likely
to sell [Airocean] shares. The value of [Airocean] share[s] as listed in [SGX]
would accordingly fall. I would add that the securities market of Singapore,
like all securities markets, is very sensitive to negative information
concerning the companies whose shares are listed in that market.

72 At para 8 of the Report, Chan referred to the fact that Tay had been
released on bail and that his passport had been impounded (“the Bail
Information”) as additional reasons why Airocean shareholders would be
concerned by the CPIB Investigations:[note: 31]

8 The additional information that [Tay] was released on bail and his passport
impounded would cause further concerns to reasonable investors as this could
mean that he was severely handicapped in his ability to attend to the affairs
of the company of which he was the key person. They would be even more likely
to sell down the shares of [Airocean] if they came to know of this.

73 In summary, Chan’s opinion was that the Tay/Subsidiaries Information,
together with the Bail Information (which collectively form the Information as
defined at [5] above), was likely to materially affect the price or value of
Airocean shares because reasonable investors would conclude that Tay would not
be able to attend to the affairs of Airocean, and this was likely to lead to
their selling down their Airocean shares; that would, in turn, cause
Airocean’s share price to fall. Chan’s conclusions at paras 7 and 8 of the
Report provided the Prosecution with the basis of the Non-disclosure Charges
against Chong and Madhavan (see [4] above).

74 Chan’s opinion was hypothetical in relation to what reasonable investors
would have perceived to be the likely state of affairs at Airocean if the
Information (_ie_ , the Tay/Subsidiaries Information and the Bail Information)
had been disclosed. In short, his opinion seemed to be that any investigation
by CPIB into the CEO of any listed holding company in connection with the
transactions of its operating subsidiaries was likely to materially affect the
holding company’s share price, irrespective of whether CPIB’s investigations
concerned serious or minor corruption. In the present case, as will be seen,
if the Tay/Subsidiaries Information had been disclosed together with other
relevant information, investors would have known that the CPIB Investigations
were not concerned with serious corruption involving Tay (see [105]–[106]
below). Indeed, Tay’s corrupt act eventually turned out to be minor, and,
furthermore, the undisputed evidence is that his attempted bribe to Chooi was
unsuccessful in securing any business from Jetstar for Airocean via its
subsidiary, Airlines GSA.

75 As to the second preliminary issue mentioned at [70] above, because Chan
did not know what the expression “materially affect the price or value of …
securities” in rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules meant in law, he gave his
expert opinion on the basis of: (a) the likelihood of investors selling their
Airocean shares as they would be alarmed by the Information if it were
disclosed; and (b) the market impact evidence of investors’ reaction to the
25/11/05 Announcement and the 2/12/05 Announcement on, specifically, the first
trading day after each of these announcements.

76 In respect of the question in para 3(b) of the Report, which relates to the
Misleading Disclosure Charges, Chan explained (at para 11 of the Report) that
he was specifically asked to consider the following question:[note: 32]

11 I am asked specifically as follows:: [_sic_]

On the basis that parts or the whole of [the 25/11/05 Announcement] were false
or misleading in a material particular in not disclosing that [Tay] was
questioned by the CPIB with regard to two transactions involving [the
Subsidiaries], I was asked to opine if such false or misleading parts or the
whole of the said announcement were likely to:–

(i)… induce other persons to subscribe for [Airocean] shares; or

(ii)… induce the sale or purchase of [Airocean] shares by other persons; or

(iii)… have the effect of raising, lowering, maintaining or stabilizing the
market prices of [Airocean] shares.

I was also asked whether there would be a difference to my opinion on the
above with the additional assumption that:

(a)[Tay] possessed the Bond and Bail Bond which stated that he was arrested by
the CPIB under Section 6(b) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Chapter 241).

77 Chan’s opinion on this question is set out at para 13 of the Report as
follows:[note: 33]

13 … The [25/11/05] Announcement or parts of it gave the public the impression
that [Tay] and [the Subsidiaries] were not the subjects of the CPIB
[I]nvestigations. By doing so, [Airocean] shareholders would not be alarmed
that CPIB was carrying out investigations on [Tay] and [the Subsidiaries] and
would not likely be led to sell their [Airocean] shares, which they otherwise
would likely have done so if they had the true and complete facts. Before
[Airocean’s] release of the [25/11/05] Announcement, [Airocean] shareholders
would likely have been concerned about the [ST Article] which carried the
title ‘Airocean’s chief executive [Tay] under CPIB probe’. In this article,
[Tay] had denied that he was personally being investigated by the CPIB.
[Airocean] shareholders would have been expecting an announcement from
[Airocean] as to the truth of the contents of the [ST Article]. Had
[Airocean’s] announcement stated that [Tay] was questioned by CPIB over
transactions of [the Subsidiaries], [Airocean] shareholders would likely have
inferred that [Tay] and [the Subsidiaries] were being investigated by CPIB,
and be concerned about [Tay’s] ability to effectively attend to the affairs of
[Airocean] and the future performance of [Airocean]. [Airocean] shareholders
would likely have sold their [Airocean] shares and likely [have] caused
[Airocean’s] share price to drop.

78 In summary, Chan’s opinion in relation to the Misleading Disclosure Charges
was that because Airocean’s investors did not know of the Tay/Subsidiaries
Information, they were not alarmed and therefore were not likely to sell their
Airocean shares, which they would otherwise likely have done if that
information had been disclosed (and which would, in turn, have caused
Airocean’s share price to fall). This sequence of events would result in the
25/11/05 Announcement being likely to stabilise the market price of Airocean
shares at a _higher level_ than what their market price would likely have been
had the Tay/Subsidiaries Information been disclosed.

79 The question in para 3(c) of the Report is concerned with whether any
information in the 8/9/05 Board Minutes was “price sensitive”.[note: 34] It is
unclear, on the face of this question, whether it was directed at the Non-
disclosure Charges or the Insider Trading Charges. Chan was not informed of
what the words “price sensitive”[note: 35] meant in this context. He assumed,
and on that basis opined (at para 15 of the Report), that “the information as
recorded in the [8/9/05 Board Minutes] that [Tay] and [the Subsidiaries] were
being investigated [_ie_ , the Tay/Subsidiaries Information] … and the
seriousness of the investigation which resulted in [Tay’s] passport being
surrendered to the CPIB [_ie_ , the Bail Information]”[note: 36] was “price
sensitive”[note: 37] as it “ _would, or would be likely to_ ,_influence
persons who commonly invest in securities in deciding whether to subscribe
for, buy or sell_ [Airocean shares]”[note: 38] [emphasis added]. Although Chan
did not refer to s 216 of the SFA, he obviously took the italicised words from
that provision. This meant that to Chan, the question in para 3(c) of the
Report was concerned with the offence of insider trading, with the words
“price sensitive”[note: 39] meaning trade-sensitive as per the concept of
materiality set out in s 216 (see [46] above). At paras 17–26 of the Report,
Chan set out his opinion on this question as follows:[note: 40]

_Degree of Price Sensitivity_

17 It is only **_hypothetical_** to assess the degree of price sensitivity if
such information were released soon after [Airocean’s] Board had met on 8th
September 2005. However we can infer the degree of price sensitivity by
looking at the trading volume and price soon after the Straits Times (“ST”)
and Business Times (“BT”) articles and [Airocean’s] announcements were
released in November and December 2005 which dealt with similar information.

_25 th–28th November 2005_

18 On 25 November 2005, at 0900 hours, a trading halt was imposed on
[Airocean] shares pending an announcement by the Company to clarify the [ST
Article] with the headline caption “Airocean’s chief executive [Tay] under
CPIB probe”. Subsequent to the trading halt, [Tay] was interviewed by
reporters from ST and BT and their articles appeared in the respective
newspapers on 26 November 2005. On 25 November 2005 at 2013 hours, the Company
issued a SGXNET announcement “Clarification of Straits Times article on 25th
November 2005” [_ie_ , the 25/11/05 Announcement].

19 Trading was lifted on the following Monday 28th November 2005.

20 The trading volume for 28th November 2005 was 17.585 million shares which
was the highest volume dealt with in a single day since 23rd September 2005
(19.7 million shares). The share price fell by 12% (1.5 cents) from S$0.125 to
S$0.110 on this day. A 12% fall in the price of the share is considered
material price movement.

_1 st–5th December 2005_

21 On Thursday, 1st December 2005 at 1400 hours, a trading halt was again
imposed on [Airocean] shares pending [an] announcement. At 1901 hours,
[Airocean] announced its clarifications on the various ST and BT articles
relating to [Tay’s] involvement in the CPIB [I]nvestigation[s]. On Friday 2
December 2005, at 0011 hours, [Airocean] announced that SGX ha[d] informed the
Company that the above mentioned clarification was inadequate and hence the
trading halt would not be lifted. At 2206 hours, the Company announced the
investigation by the CAD and further clarified the ST and the BT articles
relating to [Tay’s] involvement in the CPIB [I]nvestigations.

22 When trading was lifted on Monday 5th December 2005 the trading volume for
this day was 15.597 million shares, the 2nd highest volume per day since 28th
November 2005. The share price fell that day by 17.4% (2 cents) from S$0.115
to S$0.095. A 17% fall in price of the share is considered material price
movement.

23 Based on the analysis above, it is my opinion that information relating to
[Tay’s] and the [Subsidiaries’] involvement in the investigation was price
sensitive as such information was likely to influence the investment decision
of a reasonable person trading in [Airocean] shares.

24 The degree of sensitivity could be seen in the changes in Price and Volume
of transacted shares soon after the resumption of trading following the ST and
BT articles and the [25/11/05 Announcement]. In particular, when the Company
clarified that “ … _[Tay] and 3 officers of [the_ _Subsidiaries] were
interviewed by_ _the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau_ _(“CPIB”) in
September 2005. The interview_ _concerned 2 transactions involving [the
Subsidiaries] with other companies in the_ _aircargo industry_.” in the
[2/12/05 Announcement], the price of shares suffered a 17.4% fall in price and
… 15.597 million shares changed hands the next trading day, which was 5
December 2005.

25 Based on the price performance of the [Airocean] Shares as detailed above,
it is my opinion that if the price sensitive information was released soon
after [Airocean’s] Board had met on … 8th September 2005, the price of the
[Airocean] shares would experience a similar fall in price, if the
announcement factually and fully reported the price sensitive information.

26 My opinion on the above analysis would not change if it was also made known
that [Tay] was released on bail subsequent to his CPIB interview. In fact this
would have strengthened the notion that [Tay] and the [Subsidiaries] were
subjects of the CPIB [I]nvestigation[s]. The fact that [Tay] was released on
bail would indicate the seriousness of the CPIB [I]nvestigation[s] and
increase the level of concern over his continued ability to attend to the
affairs of the Company. This in turn will affect even more the price of the
Company’s share[s]. It is thus information that would enhance the price-
sensitivity of information that [the Subsidiaries] and [Tay] were being
investigated by the CPIB.

[underlining and emphasis in italics in original; emphasis added in bold
italics]

80 As mentioned earlier, the DJ, in convicting the Appellants of the offences
which are the subject matter of these appeals, accepted _in toto_ Chan’s
opinion on the three questions set out in para 3 of the Report. It is now
necessary for me to examine whether Chan’s failure to distinguish between the
different concepts of materiality applicable to the three types of charges
which the Appellants were convicted of is an error that is fatal to their
convictions. I shall at the same time also consider whether the DJ was right
in finding that the other essential elements of the three types of charges had
been proved by the Prosecution. I start with the Non-disclosure Charges.

Analysis of the DJ’s findings on the Non-disclosure Charges

81 As mentioned earlier, Chong and Madhavan were charged under s 203(2) read
with s 331(1) of the SFA for consenting to Airocean’s reckless failure to
notify SGX of the Information. Rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules provides as
follows:

An issuer must announce any information known to the issuer concerning it or
any of its subsidiaries or associated companies which:—

…

(b) would be likely to _materially affect_ the price or value of its
securities.

[emphasis added]

82 Sections 203(2) and 203(3) of the SFA provide as follows:

(2) The [issuer] shall not intentionally, recklessly or negligently fail to
notify the securities exchange of such information as is required to be
disclosed by the securities exchange under the listing rules or any other
requirement of the securities exchange.

(3) … [A] contravention of subsection (2) shall not be an offence unless the
failure to notify is intentional or reckless.

83 Section 331(1) of the SFA provides as follows:

**Corporate offenders and unincorporated associations**

**331.** —(1) Where an offence under this Act committed by a body corporate is
proved to have been committed with the consent or connivance of, or to be
attributable to any neglect on the part of an officer of the body corporate,
the officer as well as the body corporate shall be guilty of that offence and
shall be liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.

…

84 For the purposes of the present proceedings, s 331(1) is predicated on
Airocean having committed the offence under s 203. Reading these provisions
together, the Non-disclosure Charges against Chong and Madhavan require the
following elements to be proved: (a) Airocean had knowledge of the Information
(as noted at [31] above, I agree with the DJ that this element was satisfied
on the evidence); (b) the Information was likely to materially affect the
price or value of Airocean shares; (c) Airocean was reckless in not disclosing
the Information to SGX under the Listing Rules; and (d) Chong and Madhavan
consented to Airocean’s reckless failure to make disclosure.

The DJ’s findings on the requirement of materiality

85 Having considered the arguments of Chong and Madhavan on the findings of
the DJ, I am of the view that the DJ’s decision that the requirement of
materiality had been satisfied _vis-à-vis_ the Non-disclosure Charges was
wrong in law on three main grounds, namely:

(a) the DJ misdirected himself on the law in relation to the concept of
materiality applicable to the Non-disclosure Charges;

(b) the DJ erred in accepting Chan’s opinion that the CPIB Investigations
could impair the future performance of Airocean; and

(c) the DJ erred in accepting Chan’s analysis of the movements in Airocean’s
share price after the 25/11/05 Announcement and after the 2/12/05
Announcement.

(1) The DJ’s misdirection on the law

86 Madhavan argues that the DJ misdirected himself on the law in holding that
the Information was likely to affect the price of Airocean shares. The
misdirection, Madhavan contends, lay in the DJ’s omission of the vital
ingredient of “ _materially_ affect” in his consideration of the Non-
disclosure Charges. As a result, the DJ’s interpretation contradicted the
plain words of rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules and also the policy reasons
underlying the continuous disclosure regime.

87 Madhavan has referred to two passages in the Judgment where such omission
occurred. In the heading immediately above [119] of the Judgment, the DJ
framed the price sensitivity element of the Non-disclosure Charges as follows,
_contrary_ to the terms of rule 703(1)(b):

Was the Information _likely_ _to affect_ the price and value of Airocean
shares and was [it] [i]nformation which was required to be disclosed under
Rule 703(1)(b) of the SGX Listing Rules. [emphasis in original omitted;
emphasis added in italics]

88 At [130] of the Judgment, the DJ again omitted the word “materially” twice
in considering the likely effect of the Information on the price of Airocean
shares:

Chan had given evidence that the price of Airocean shares fell by 17.4% from
0.115 to 0.095 on 5th December, 2005 which was a material price movement. Chan
also stated that to have an accurate guage [_sic_] of an event on the market,
one has to look at the prices over a period of time. The defence sought to
show that the price of Airocean shares eventually climbed up to a much higher
price than the pre-2 December, 2005 announcement [price]. On 1 December, 2005,
the price was at 0.115, on … 5th December, it was at 0.095, on 6th December,
it was at 0.115 and on 7th December, it was at 0.125. The defence also pointed
out that Chan had agreed that there are other factors that one would have to
consider in deciding to trade in shares such as the trend of the market and
the economic outlook. He added that the list of factors is not exhaustive. The
charge in this case states that the information is “ _likely” to affect_ the
price or value of the shares. As long as there is a likely impact on the price
of the shares when one is aware of this information, that would suffice.
Whether the price did eventually move up or down can be due to a multiplicity
of factors. Chan had, based on his extensive experience in corporate matters
confirmed that the information in question would be material as to warrant a
disclosure. The court finds that objectively, the information would be _likely
to affect_ the price of shares in the company. [emphasis added]

89 I accept Madhavan’s argument on this issue. The element of a likely
_material_ effect on the price or value of Airocean shares is an essential
ingredient of the Non-disclosure Charges under s 203 of the SFA read with rule
703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules. That requirement is expressly set out in the
plain words of rule 703(1)(b). The phrase “likely to _materially_ affect the
price or value of … securities” [emphasis added] in that rule does not have
the same meaning as “likely to affect” the price or value of securities. In
this connection, I note that there are two other passages in the Judgment
where the DJ repeated the same omission of the word “materially”, namely:

134 … The observation by the court is that this view [_viz_ , SGX’s view that
the 2/12/05 Announcement was acceptable even though it did not include the
Bail Information] is tied up with the SGX’s concern that any information which
would be _likely to affect_ the price of shares in a company should be
disclosed. This is to ensure a level playing field in the trading of shares by
investors.

…

168 … Granted that Airocean may not have decided that no announcement was
necessary during the [8/9/05 Board Meeting], the fact remains that given all
the information available to them as discussed above, it was incumbent upon
the Company to disclose ‘the Information’ as they [_sic_] were clearly _likely
to affect_ the price or value of the shares in Airocean. …

[emphasis added]

90 The consequence of this misdirection in law is that the DJ made no finding
on an essential element of the Non-disclosure Charges. It follows that the
convictions of Chong and Madhavan on the Non-disclosure Charges for the
reasons given by the DJ cannot stand. In this connection, it is necessary that
I consider the Prosecution’s response to the argument that the DJ misdirected
himself in law. The Prosecution’s case is that: (a) the DJ did not err because
Chan’s opinion was that the Information was likely to materially affect
Airocean’s share price;[note: 41] and (b) the DJ did use the word “material”
in some parts of the Judgment, and his omission to do so in other parts of the
Judgment was inadvertent.[note: 42] I disagree with the Prosecution on this
point. In my view, there are just too many passages in the Judgment which have
omitted the crucial word “materially” to support the Prosecution’s submission
that the omission was inadvertent. The passages in the Judgment quoted earlier
clearly show that the references therein to “material” were merely _pro forma_
for the reason that the meaning of “materially affect” in rule 703(1)(b) of
the Listing Rules was never articulated. The pith and substance of the DJ’s
decision was that the Information fell within rule 703(1)(b) because it was “
_likely to affect_ the price or value of the shares in Airocean” [emphasis
added] (see [168] of the Judgment (reproduced at [89] above); see also the
other passages from the Judgment reproduced at [87]–[88] above). The
Prosecution has made no submission that the DJ’s decision can still be
supported on other grounds on the basis of other evidence before the DJ.

(2) The DJ’s erroneous acceptance of Chan’s opinion that the CPIB
Investigations could impair Airocean’s future performance

91 Madhavan’s second main argument is that in any event, Chan’s opinion –
_viz_ , that the CPIB Investigations would impair Tay’s ability to continue to
effectively attend to the affairs of Airocean and this could affect Airocean’s
future performance (see the Report at para 7 (reproduced at [71] above)) – was
inconsistent with the actual state of affairs at the time Chan gave his
opinion. Similarly, Madhavan submits that Chan’s further opinion – _viz_ ,
that the information about Tay’s release on bail with his passport impounded
(_ie_ , the Bail Information) would affect the price of Airocean shares even
more because investors would be even more concerned about Tay’s continued
ability to attend to the affairs of Airocean (see the Report at para 8
(reproduced at [72] above)) – was also flawed for the same reasons.

92 I agree with this submission. Tay’s ability to manage the affairs of
Airocean was not, in actual fact, impaired at any time during the period from
September to December 2005. After being questioned by CPIB, Tay was released
on bail without being formally charged with any offence. He was able to travel
to Shanghai between 8 September 2005 and 2 December 2005. It was also Tay’s
evidence that Airocean had an increased turnover of over $700m in 2005.

93 Instead of considering the _actual_ factual position that Tay’s role in
running Airocean was not impaired (and indeed, if Airocean had disclosed the
Information, common investors would have known from such disclosure that Tay
was not being held in custody and would thus still be in charge of the affairs
of Airocean), Chan _hypothesised_ that if the Information had been disclosed,
common investors would have perceived that Tay’s ability to attend to the
affairs of Airocean would be impaired. As I have just pointed out, this
hypothesis was contrary to the actual facts. This may possibly explain the
curious way in which the DJ formulated his acceptance of Chan’s opinion. At
[128] of the Judgment, the DJ said:

… The court agrees that [Tay] who was the CEO and director of Airocean was a
key figure as he was credited with the success of Airocean by the media and as
the CEO, _if anything happens to him which would curtail his ability to attend
to the affairs of the company_ , it would be a cause for concern to investors
in the company. … [emphasis added]

94 The DJ’s ruling in the above passage is a self-evident proposition.
Naturally, Airocean shareholders would be concerned _if_ anything were to
happen to Tay that would curtail his ability to manage Airocean. The DJ’s
finding was premised on the following assumptions: (a) the CPIB Investigations
would lead to something happening to Tay; (b) that something would impair
Tay’s ability to attend to the affairs of Airocean; (c) that impairment would
in turn cause alarm to Airocean shareholders; (d) alarmed Airocean
shareholders would sell their Airocean shares; and (e) consequently, the price
of Airocean shares would fall. Hence, the DJ concluded, the CPIB
Investigations would likely affect the price of Airocean shares. The DJ’s
ruling was a self-evidently syllogistic holding based on a premise which was
factually untrue, _ie_ , that Tay would not be able to attend to the affairs
of Airocean.

95 The same comment applies to the fact of Tay being investigated in
connection with two transactions of the Subsidiaries. In the Judgment, the DJ
did not explain how and why this particular fact was so significant that it
would be likely to _materially_ affect the price of Airocean shares. He
appeared to have overlooked the consideration that Tay was investigated in
connection with two transactions whose total value was financially negligible
and insignificant compared to Airocean’s turnover of over $700m in 2005 (see
[105(d)] below).

(3) The DJ’s erroneous acceptance of Chan’s analysis of the movements in
Airocean’s share price

96 Madhavan has argued that the DJ erred in accepting Chan’s analysis of the
movements in Airocean’s share price after the 25/11/05 Announcement and after
the 2/12/05 Announcement. Before I consider this argument, it is pertinent to
note that the DJ made a serious factual error in his understanding of the
25/11/05 Announcement. At [190] of the Judgment, the DJ said:

190 … The fact remains that the [25/11/05 Announcement] did not paint the true
picture as _it did not state that the CPIB were looking into the affairs of
Airocean_ ie that [Tay] and 3 officers from [the Subsidiaries] were questioned
by the CPIB and that it was in relation to transactions involving [the
Subsidiaries]. … [emphasis added]

The above statement gives a specific meaning to “the affairs of Airocean”. It
is incorrect in a significant aspect. As a matter of fact, the 25/11/05
Announcement _did_ disclose that CPIB was looking into the affairs of
Airocean. What it did not disclose were the details or particulars identified
at [190] of the Judgment. The 25/11/05 Announcement was issued in order to
clarify the statement in the ST Article that Tay was under a CPIB probe. That
announcement disclosed, _inter alia_ , that Tay had been called in by CPIB for
an interview, that he had given statements to CPIB and that he had co-operated
in full with CPIB. In making these clarifications, Airocean confirmed that Tay
was being investigated by CPIB, but, at the same time, tried to downplay the
significance of this news on Tay’s ability to continue to attend to Airocean’s
affairs and, in turn, on Airocean’s business. Any reasonable reader of the
25/11/05 Announcement would immediately have reached the same conclusion,
_viz_ , that CPIB was investigating Tay in relation to the affairs of
Airocean. The 25/11/05 Announcement painted a true picture of what was really
significant to Airocean shareholders, _viz_ , Tay, as the CEO of Airocean, was
being investigated by CPIB in connection with the affairs of Airocean. That
the affairs of Airocean concerned, specifically, two transactions of the
Subsidiaries was a mere detail. Airocean shareholders would know that Airocean
was a holding company whose operations were carried out by (_inter alia_) the
Subsidiaries. In my view, the 25/11/05 Announcement, when read as a
clarification of the ST Article, would have communicated to any reasonable
reader that Tay was being investigated by CPIB in connection with the affairs
of Airocean.

97 Since the 25/11/05 Announcement disclosed that Tay was under investigation
by CPIB, it is important to consider carefully the market impact evidence
after that announcement was released. It is also necessary to determine what
information disclosed in the 25/11/05 Announcement caused the movements in the
price of Airocean shares. Similarly, it is important to consider the market
impact evidence after the 2/12/05 Announcement disclosed the additional
information that the CPIB Investigations concerned, specifically, two
transactions involving the Subsidiaries.

98 On the first day of trading after the 25/11/05 Announcement, the volume of
trade in Airocean shares went up to 17,585,000 from 2,328,000 at the close of
the previous trading day, and the price went down from $0.125 to $0.11, a drop
of 12%. But, the price recovered the following day, dropped again for a few
days to as low as $0.095 (this was after the 2/12/05 Announcement was
released) and then climbed back to the region of $0.115 to $0.12, where it
remained stable for a few days. Equally important is the fact that the highest
price done on many of these trading days was $0.12 to $0.125, with the
exception of 28 November 2005 (highest price done was $0.11), 1 December 2005
(highest price done was $0.115) and 5 December 2005 (highest price done was
$0.10). Thus, over a period of some two weeks, Airocean’s share price
fluctuated within a relatively small band of prices and at times reached the
same price as that around 23–24 November 2005.

99 The market impact evidence therefore gives rise to a reasonable doubt as to
whether both the 25/11/05 Announcement and the 2/12/05 Announcement had a
_material_ effect on Airocean’s share price if the share price movements are
viewed over a reasonable period of time, and not just on the first trading day
after each of these announcements was released. In this connection, it is not
disputed by Chan that there is no fixed timeframe for assessing the impact of
information on the price of shares for the purposes of determining the
materiality of the information. The Court of Appeal in _Lew Chee Fai Kevin v
Monetary Authority of Singapore_ [2012] 2 SLR 913 (“ _Kevin Lew_ ”) took a
similar view towards market impact evidence in the context of insider trading.
The expert witness in _Kevin Lew_ had testified that “a general timeframe for
assessing the impact of a piece of news on the market was three days” (see
_Kevin Lew_ at [135]). The court took the view that there was no fixed
timeframe for assessing the market impact of information, and that “[m]uch
would depend on the nature of the shares” (see _Kevin Lew_ at [135]). In that
case, as the shares in question were not actively traded, the court looked at
the market impact evidence for a period longer than the three days recommended
by the expert witness. In the present case, the DJ noted at [130] of the
Judgment that according to Chan, “to have an accurate guage [_sic_] of an
event on the market, one ha[d] to look at the prices _over a period of time_ ”
[emphasis added]. I agree with Chan’s view as expressed. However, Chan did not
appear to have adopted that approach in his actual analysis of the market
impact evidence (see paras 18–23 of the Report (reproduced at [79] above)) as
he focused solely on the changes in Airocean’s share price on the first
trading day after the 25/11/05 Announcement and the 2/12/05 Announcement
respectively were released. Similarly, the DJ did not take into account the
need to consider the market impact evidence over a reasonable period of time
when he reached the conclusion (at [130] of the Judgment) that “[t]he court
finds that objectively, the [I]nformation would be likely to affect the price
of shares in the company”.

100 In the present case, the market impact evidence was the best available
evidence for determining whether the Information was likely to have a material
effect on the price of Airocean shares. Although market impact evidence is by
no means conclusive of the issue of materiality, in my view, the market impact
evidence after the 25/11/05 Announcement and after the 2/12/05 Announcement,
as analysed at [98] above, must, at the very least, throw a reasonable doubt
on Chan’s conclusion that the Information was likely to materially affect the
price of Airocean shares, in the absence of any other material contributory
factor. In this regard, Chan did not provide any explanation for the absence
of a substantial change in Airocean’s share price after the release of the
25/11/05 Announcement and after the release of the 2/12/05 Announcement, apart
from making the obvious observation that share prices are affected by a
multiplicity of factors (see the Judgment at [130]).

101 In this regard, it is worth reiterating that the court ought not to
blindly accept expert testimony without critically evaluating “the factual or
other premises on which the expert based his opinion” (see _Poh Soon Kiat v
Desert Palace Inc (trading as Caesars Palace)_ [2010] 1 SLR 1129 at [23]). In
a similar vein, experts are expected to clearly explain the basis for their
conclusions by referring to the facts. They should also refer to any relevant
material (for example, literature and market behaviour studies in similar
circumstances) which might support or detract from their views. In the context
of an expert opinion on the materiality of information in relation to a
company’s share price, for example, it would be useful for the expert to refer
to reports by financial analysts. A careful study of the actual market impact
of the relevant information would also be helpful. Further, in considering the
actual market impact, it would be prudent for the expert to also consider and
draw the court’s attention specifically to the possibility of other
macroeconomic or sector-specific factors which might have contributed to the
change in share price.

102 Before leaving this subject, it should be noted that the _immediate_
change in Airocean’s share price on the first trading day after the 2/12/05
Announcement might also have been affected by another fact that was disclosed
in the 2/12/05 Announcement, _viz_ , that CAD had started investigating
Airocean and its officers for possible breaches of their disclosure
obligations under the SFA. This additional piece of negative information must
have been a material factor, possibly of equal gravity as the CPIB
Investigations, from the viewpoint of Airocean shareholders. It could have
contributed to the fall in Airocean’s share price by 17.4% on the first
trading day after the 2/12/05 Announcement. Indeed, Chan’s testimony at the
trial is consistent with this view. When cross-examined by Chong’s counsel,
Chan agreed that the more important part of the 2/12/05 Announcement was the
information about CAD’s investigations into Airocean and its officers (“the
CAD Investigations”), rather than the Tay/Subsidiaries Information. He also
agreed that the news of the CAD Investigations was additional information
which would have been treated negatively by the market. He further told Ong’s
counsel that he had taken the CAD Investigations, which he considered as
consequential to the CPIB Investigations, into account in his opinion. During
re-examination, Chan initially said that the 2/12/05 Announcement disclosed
two pieces of important information, _viz_ , the Tay/Subsidiaries Information
and the CAD Investigations. However, on further questioning, he reverted to
his earlier answer that the more important portion of the 2/12/05 Announcement
was the information about the CAD Investigations because it suggested an
escalation of the matter from a CPIB probe to a CAD probe. Chan’s final
position as just stated reinforces the view that the market impact evidence
after the 2/12/05 Announcement, which disclosed both the Tay/Subsidiaries
Information and the CAD Investigations, raises at least a reasonable doubt as
to whether the Tay/Subsidiaries Information alone was likely to materially
affect Airocean’s share price. The DJ completely disregarded this factor in
the Judgment in spite of Chan’s concession that the information about the CAD
Investigations was the more important aspect of the 2/12/05 Announcement, and
that the disclosure of this information might have had an impact on Airocean’s
share price and/or on investors’ decision to sell their Airocean shares over
and above the impact caused by the disclosure of the Tay/Subsidiaries
Information.

103 For the reasons given above, I find that the DJ’s total reliance on Chan’s
opinion was not justified. I further find that there was insufficient reliable
evidence to show beyond reasonable doubt that the Information, which does not
make any mention of the CAD Investigations (see [4] above), was likely to
materially affect the price of Airocean shares.

104 There is, in my view, one other important factor that would have weakened
the Prosecution’s case on the Non-disclosure Charges even more if Chong and
Madhavan had raised it. It is this: if Airocean had disclosed the CPIB
Investigations pursuant to rule 703(1)(b), it would likely have disclosed not
only the Information, but also any additional relevant information contained
in the 8/9/05 Board Minutes which might mitigate or neutralise any potential
adverse effect of the Information on its business (and, indirectly, its share
price). The reason is that it would have been in Airocean’s commercial
interest to do so. In this regard, I note that in _Jubilee Mines NL_ , the
appellant, a mining company listed on the Australian Securities Exchange,
succeeded in satisfying the WACA that if it had disclosed certain information
about the discovery of nickel sulphide deposits on its tenement, it would also
have disclosed, _inter alia_ , that it had no current intention to exploit the
deposits, which would have affected investors’ evaluation of the materiality
of the information on the company’s share price. The WACA also pointed out
that if the appellant had disclosed the information about the discovery of
nickel sulphide deposits on its tenement without also disclosing that it had
no current intention to exploit the deposits, that would have resulted in the
disclosed information being misleading (see _Jubilee Mines NL_ at [113]).

105 In the present case, the Prosecution selected the bare essentials of the
most damaging aspects of the CPIB Investigations to prefer the Non-disclosure
Charges against Chong and Madhavan. All attenuating circumstances were omitted
from these charges. As a result, Chan’s opinion was focused only on the
Information and its effect on Airocean’s share price. There was in fact other
information that could have had the effect of diluting or neutralising the
negative impact of the Information. For example:

(a) As noted in the 8/9/05 Board Minutes, the initial advice from TRC,
Airocean’s counsel, was that there were insufficient particulars to formulate
a view as to the nature of the CPIB Investigations.

(b) Although Tay had told CPIB during his interview that he had asked Simon
Ang (Regional Manager of Airlines GSA) to tell Chooi of Jetstar that if he
(Chooi) assisted Airocean by helping Airlines GSA in a Jetstar procurement
tender, then should Chooi need help from “us”[note: 43] in future, “we”[note:
44] would help him, Tay subsequently denied having given this instruction to
Simon Ang. The 8/9/05 Board Minutes recorded Tay as having explained to
Airocean’s board of directors that he had made the aforesaid statement to CPIB
while under severe strain due to having been kept without sleep for 36 hours
by CPIB.

(c) Tay had been released on bail without having been charged with any
specific offence, and had not been told what offence, if any, he would be
charged with.

(d) In respect of the Subsidiaries, Airlines GSA had no dealings with Jetstar,
while WICE Logistics had only negligible dealings with Lufthansa which
involved only “a nominal profit of $750 from a turnover of approximately $5400
… amount[ing] to a mere 0.0025% of Airocean’s annual turnover”.[note: 45]

106 These additional particulars would have informed Airocean shareholders and
assured them, contrary to Chan’s hypothesis, that Tay was still in charge of
Airocean, and that the CPIB Investigations were not concerned with any serious
corrupt acts on the part of Tay in connection with the affairs of Airocean.

The DJ’s findings on the element of recklessness

(1) The DJ’s reasons for finding that the element of recklessness was made out

107 In respect of the Non-disclosure Charges, the DJ also found that Chong and
Madhavan had consented to Airocean’s reckless failure to disclose the
Information. This finding was predicated on the threshold finding that
Airocean was reckless in failing to disclose the Information. The DJ explained
his reasons for so finding at [166] and [168] of the Judgment (reproduced at
[33] above).

108 The DJ appears to have given two different reasons for finding
recklessness on the part of Airocean. The first (see [166] of the Judgment) is
that Airocean acted on the Oral Advice given by Imran without bothering to ask
him for his reasons for giving such advice. Airocean’s failure to ask for
reasons was, in the DJ’s view, a reckless act. In my view, this finding was a
_non_ _sequitur_. Airocean’s failure to ask Imran about the reasons underlying
the Oral Advice did not entail that Airocean was therefore reckless in relying
on that advice. Where a client relies on legal advice from his lawyer without
asking the latter for the reasons for his advice, if the legal advice turns
out to be wrong in law, it may, of course, cause the client considerable
problems or even financial ruin, but that would be a consequence of the legal
advice being bad advice, and not of the client having deliberately taken the
risk of the legal advice being incorrect. Indeed, clients have no duty to
question their lawyer’s advice and it would not be reasonable to expect or
require them to do so, unless the advice is manifestly absurd, irrational or
wrong. Airocean was far from being reckless in any sense of the word. That was
why it sought legal advice immediately after it was confronted with the
information of Tay being investigated by CPIB. Airocean acted properly and
prudently in seeking legal advice on whether or not to disclose what it knew.

109 The second reason underlying the Judge’s finding of recklessness on
Airocean’s part (see [168] of the Judgment) is the premise that Airocean knew
full well that the Information was “clearly likely to affect the price or
value of the shares in Airocean”, and yet, did not disclose the Information.
In my view, there was no basis for the DJ to conclude that Airocean had such
knowledge. The more reasonable conclusion, consistent with Airocean’s decision
to seek legal advice from TRC, is that Airocean did not know whether the
Information had to be disclosed pursuant to rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing
Rules (read with s 203 of the SFA) and thus sought legal advice as it did not
wish to take the risk of failing to make disclosure where disclosure was
required.

(2) The meaning of “recklessly” for the purposes of s 203(2)

110 Since I have rejected the DJ’s reasons for finding that Airocean was
reckless in failing to disclose the Information, I now turn to consider
whether this finding can nevertheless be supported by factors other than those
relied on by the DJ. I begin by considering the meaning of “recklessly” for
the purposes of s 203(2).

111 The word “reckless” was examined by the House of Lords in _R v G and
another_ [2003] 4 All ER 765 (“ _R v G_ ”) in the context of s 1 of the
Criminal Damage Act 1971 (c 48) (UK), which provides as follows:

**1.—(1**) A person who without lawful excuse destroys or damages any property
belonging to another intending to destroy or damage any such property or being
reckless as to whether any such property would be destroyed or damaged shall
be guilty of an offence.

(2) A person who without lawful excuse destroys or damages any property,
whether belonging to himself or another —

(_a_) intending to destroy or damage any property or being reckless as to
whether any property would be destroyed or damaged; and

(_b_) intending by the destruction or damage to endanger the life of another
or being reckless as to whether the life of another would be thereby
endangered;

shall be guilty of an offence.

(3) An offence committed under this section by destroying or damaging property
by fire shall be charged as arson.

112 The House of Lords interpreted the word “reckless” as bearing its pre-
existing common law meaning (see _R v G_ at [46] and [50]), which comprises
two elements: (a) subjective awareness of a risk; and (b) unreasonableness on
the part of the offender in taking that risk. I see no reason why the common
law meaning should not apply to the word “recklessly” in s 203(2) of the SFA,
and I proceed with my examination of the facts before me on that basis.

(3) Was Airocean reckless in not disclosing the Information?

113 With respect to the first element of subjective awareness of a risk that
disclosure was required, the evidence clearly shows that Airocean was fully
aware that if it did not disclose any materially price-sensitive information
known to it, it could be in breach of rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules.
That was the reason why Airocean’s directors decided to seek legal advice as
to whether disclosure of the Information was necessary.

114 In this connection, it is necessary to distinguish between having
knowledge of information and having knowledge of whether the information is
likely to have a material effect on the price or value of a company’s
securities. The first kind of knowledge involves knowing a fact, past or
present. The second kind of knowledge involves predicting a future fact. The
likelihood of information materially affecting the price or value of a
company’s securities requires a prediction of how investors would react to the
information if they were to know of it. Of course, some kinds of information
are so damaging to the financial condition of a company or its future
prospects that, as a matter of common sense, it is bound to materially affect
the price of the company’s securities (_eg_ , information that a company has
lost its only valuable franchise or has lost the bulk of its capital). The
likely market impact of other kinds of information may, however, be less clear
(_eg_ , the impact of information that a company’s CEO or COO is under
criminal investigation, as the business of the company may not be totally
reliant on its CEO or COO). Experience and the actual market impact of similar
information in the past may be of assistance in evaluating the probable
outcome of disclosing the information in question. Securities analysts and
other experts in studying the reaction of investors to certain kinds of
favourable or unfavourable news about a company’s securities or the stock
market as a whole may also be of assistance. The correctness of the forecast
or prediction is often validated or disproved, as the case may be, by actual
market impact evidence, which is highly relevant. If such evidence shows no or
little movement in the share price of the company concerned, it would be
difficult for the court to disregard such evidence and accept an expert’s
evidence that the information should have impacted the company’s share price,
but did not for some reason or reasons which the expert is unable to pinpoint.
It might even be irrational for the court to prefer expert evidence, and not
the actual market impact evidence to the contrary, in these circumstances.

115 In the present case, the 8/9/05 Board Minutes confirm that Airocean’s
directors knew of the Information. But, they also show that Airocean’s
directors did not know or were not sure whether they had to disclose the
Information, and such other explanatory information as might be relevant,
under rule 703(1)(b). Madhavan has argued that Airocean had to act cautiously
as any misjudged disclosure could be detrimental to Airocean and its
investors. In my view, this was not an unreasonable position for Airocean to
take in the circumstances of this case. It should be remembered that Airocean
knew that its business with Jetstar and Lufthansa through the Subsidiaries was
of negligible value, and that its only concern was that Tay could be charged
for having offered a bribe of an unspecified nature to Chooi for a contract
which its subsidiary, Airlines GSA, never got. Thus, to Airocean, the only
negative information was Tay’s admission to CPIB of having offered such a
bribe. Airocean did not know the likely effect of this information on its
share price. In this regard, it is worth noting that on the night before the
8/9/05 Board Meeting, Mr Rajah told Madhavan and Chong that the available
information on the CPIB Investigations was too vague for him to formulate a
view as to the nature of the investigations. In the light of the aforesaid
factors and the pressing circumstances in which Airocean’s directors had to
make a quick decision as to whether or not to disclose the Information, it was
not unreasonable for Airocean’s directors to have reached the provisional view
on 8 September 2005, as recorded in the 8/9/05 Board Minutes, that
“technically no action need[ed] to be taken”.[note: 46]

116 It is also my view that given the circumstances prevailing at the material
time, it was not unreasonable for Airocean to have continued taking the risk
of non-disclosure after the 8/9/05 Board Meeting and after receiving legal
advice. Far from deliberately taking the risk of non-disclosure, Airocean
considered it prudent to hedge that risk by seeking legal advice from a
competent law firm, _viz_ , TRC. This is not a case where TRC had advised
Airocean that disclosure was required and Airocean had deliberately ignored
such advice.

117 The substance of the Oral Advice given by Imran should also be noted.
Imran’s advice was that: (a) “the information and evidence available was
vague”;[note: 47] (b) “it was difficult to assess whether or not [Airocean]
needed to make an announcement”;[note: 48] and (c) “unless and until further
information [became] available, _no disclosure need[ed] to be made at [that]
stage_ ”[note: 49] [emphasis added] (see [17] above). Imran did not give
specific advice on whether or not the Information was likely to materially
affect the price or value of Airocean shares. But, this omission cannot be
attributed to Airocean because its brief to TRC was wide-ranging and included
the specific issue of whether disclosure of the Information was necessary.
Imran did not testify that his advice went beyond the Oral Advice. Hence,
there was no evidence to show what the scope of Imran’s general advice was. In
the circumstances, there was no reason for the DJ to hold that Airocean was
reckless in acting on the Oral Advice without asking Imran for his reasons for
giving such advice. To hold that Airocean acted recklessly in not questioning
Imran about the basis of the Oral Advice is, in my view, wrong in law. It
would imply that there was a duty on the part of Airocean to question the Oral
Advice, which would impose too onerous an obligation on any person seeking
legal advice on whether or not to take a certain course of action.

118 In this connection, the DJ also accepted the Prosecution’s submission that
“it was no defence for Airocean to rely on legal advice as a justification for
its breach of the law” (see the Judgment at [166]). The Prosecution submitted
that: (a) an accused could not rely on wrong or bad legal advice as a defence
to a criminal charge, unless the reliance was such that he did not have the
requisite _mens rea_ for the offence (“submission (a)”); and (b) an accused
could not rely on legal advice to justify his position that “because the legal
advice was that [he] need not do anything, therefore [he] need not do anything
notwithstanding that not doing anything [was] a crime” (“submission (b)”) (see
the Judgment at [166]). The Prosecution cited the decision in _Sillitoe and
Others v McGraw-Hill Book Company (UK) Ltd_ [1983] FSR 545 (“ _Sillitoe_ ”) as
authority for its submissions. In relation to submission (a), the DJ failed to
appreciate that Chong and Madhavan were relying on the legal advice from TRC
precisely to establish that Airocean did not have the _mens rea_ of
recklessness required by s 203 (as mentioned at [84] above, the Non-disclosure
Charges against Chong and Madhavan were predicated on Airocean having
committed the offence under s 203). In relation to submission (b), the DJ
failed to appreciate that _Sillitoe_ is not relevant in the present case.
_Sillitoe_ concerned an action for copyright infringement by importing an
infringing article. The basis for the action was s 5(2) of the Copyright Act
1956 (c 74) (UK), which required proof that the defendant had knowledge that
the making of the infringing article in question constituted a copyright
infringement or would have constituted an infringement if the article had been
made in the place into which it was imported. One of the defendant’s arguments
was that it had acted in reliance on legal advice that its actions did not
constitute copyright infringement, even though it did not dispute that it had
knowledge of the relevant facts (see _Sillitoe_ at 556). The court rejected
this argument on the ground that knowledge for this purpose referred to
knowledge of the _facts_ underlying the infringement (see _Sillitoe_ at 557).
It was in this context that the court held that the defendant, having known of
the plaintiffs’ complaints and the factual basis for the complaints, could not
rely on legal advice that there was, as a matter of law, no copyright
infringement. _Sillitoe_ is not relevant for the simple reason that Chong and
Madhavan were not relying on TRC’s legal advice simply to justify Airocean’s
failure to disclose the Information. Instead, they were relying on that legal
advice to show that Airocean had not acted recklessly in failing to disclose
the Information because it was not unreasonable for Airocean to have relied on
TRC’s advice that “no disclosure need[ed] to be made at [that] stage”.[note:
50]

119 I shall conclude this section of my judgment with the observation that the
DJ did not make an express finding as to whether or not Imran did indeed give
the Oral Advice to Madhavan. This is not a tenable position for a trial judge
to take in relation to a question of fact upon which the conviction or
acquittal of the accused depends. In my view, unless the DJ had cogent reasons
to doubt the veracity of Imran’s evidence that he gave the Oral Advice to
Madhavan sometime in September 2005 (see [17] above), he should have accepted
Imran’s evidence as true because Imran was a prosecution witness. If the
Prosecution did not accept Imran’s evidence that he gave the Oral Advice to
Madhavan, it should have impeached his credit. That the Prosecution did not do
so means that not only was there nothing to contradict Imran’s evidence, his
evidence also corroborated Madhavan’s testimony that he (Madhavan) received
the Oral Advice.

My decision on the Non-disclosure Charges

120 For the above reasons, I conclude that: (a) there is insufficient reliable
evidence to show beyond a reasonable doubt that the Information was likely to
materially affect the price or value of Airocean shares; and (b) the DJ erred
in holding that Airocean was reckless in not disclosing the Information.
Accordingly, two essential elements of the Non-disclosure Charges have not
been established. In the circumstances, I do not propose to consider whether
Chong and Madhavan consented to Airocean’s failure to notify SGX of the
Information.

Analysis of the DJ’s findings on the Misleading Disclosure Charges

121 I turn now to the Misleading Disclosure Charges. The DJ convicted the
Appellants of these charges under s 199(_c_)(ii) read with s 331(1) of the SFA
(see [62] and [83] above, where s 199 and s 331(1) respectively are
reproduced).

122 To make good these charges, the Prosecution had to prove that:

(a) Airocean made the 25/11/05 Announcement;

(b) the 25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material particular;

(c) the 25/11/05 Announcement was likely to have the effect of stabilising the
market price of Airocean shares (which was the specific allegation set out in
the charges);

(d) Airocean knew or ought reasonably to have known that the 25/11/05
Announcement was misleading in a material particular; and

(e) the Appellants consented to the s 199(_c_)(ii) offence committed by
Airocean.

123 As the first requirement in [122] above is not disputed in the present
case, I shall begin by examining the second requirement, _viz_ , whether the
25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material particular.

Whether the 25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material particular

124 The DJ held that the 25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material
particular for the reasons set out at [179] and [183] of the Judgment
(reproduced at [35] above).

125 Those paragraphs of the Judgment show that the DJ considered that two
material particulars had been omitted from the 25/11/05 Announcement. The
first particular was that Tay was being investigated by CPIB. I have already
held at [96] above that this particular was in fact disclosed in the 25/11/05
Announcement. The second particular was that the CPIB Investigations concerned
two transactions involving the Subsidiaries. At [183] of the Judgment
(reproduced at [35] above), the DJ held that the 25/11/05 Announcement was
misleading because it tried to “distance Airocean and its officers as far away
as possible from the allegations made by the [ST Article]”. I pause here to
note that the DJ appears to have misread the ST Article. All that the ST
Article alleged was that Tay was under a CPIB probe. It made no mention
whatever of Tay being investigated in connection with transactions involving
the Subsidiaries.

126 In the Report, Chan treated the above two particulars as a single
composite particular, _ie_ , Tay was being investigated by CPIB in connection
with two transactions involving the Subsidiaries (see paras 2(b), 6, 11, 15,
23, 24 and 25 of the Report). It is evident from [179] of the Judgment that
the DJ accepted Chan’s approach (see [35] above). At no time did the DJ
consider whether the particular that the CPIB Investigations concerned two
transactions involving the Subsidiaries, _without reference to the particular
that those investigations also concerned_ _Tay_ , constituted a material
particular _in itself_. In other words, the DJ did not consider whether the
particular that the CPIB Investigations concerned two transactions involving
the Subsidiaries, _taking this particular on its own_ , was likely to have any
impact on Airocean’s share price in addition to the impact already caused by
the particular that the CPIB Investigations concerned Tay (which particular
was, as just mentioned, disclosed in the 25/11/05 Announcement).

127 The DJ held that the particular that the CPIB Investigations concerned two
transactions involving the Subsidiaries was a material particular because its
omission from the 25/11/05 Announcement (together with the “omission” of the
particular that the CPIB Investigations concerned Tay) “would cause the public
to think that the investigations were into other companies in the Aircargo
industry but not into Airocean … [or the] [S]ubsidiaries” (see [179] of the
Judgment), and that in turn “would certainly impact on the decision of
investors trading in Airocean shares as to whether they would sell or buy
these shares” (see [183] of the Judgment).

128 In my view, the above finding by the DJ was wrong in law for two reasons.
The first reason is that the DJ applied the wrong test of materiality (which
he took from s 216) to s 199(_c_). Section 199(_c_) is not concerned with
whether the information in question would influence common investors in
deciding whether to subscribe for, buy or sell securities, but is instead
concerned with whether the misleading _material_ particular in question is
likely to have the effect of (_inter alia_) stabilising the market price of
the securities concerned. In other words, s 199(_c_) is not concerned with
whether the particular that the CPIB Investigations concerned two transactions
involving the Subsidiaries “would … impact on the decision of investors
trading in Airocean shares as to _whether they would buy or sell_ these
shares” [emphasis added] (see [183] of the Judgment), which is a s 216 test.
The decision of one investor to sell Airocean shares may be matched by the
decision of another investor to buy Airocean shares, with the result that over
a period of time, the misleading particular might not have a material effect
on Airocean’s share price.

129 The second reason why I find that the DJ erred in law is that, as I
alluded to at [126] above, given that Tay’s involvement in the CPIB
Investigations was disclosed in the 25/11/05 Announcement (see [96] above),
the DJ should have considered, but did not, whether the additional particular
that the CPIB Investigations concerned two transactions involving the
Subsidiaries would, taken on its own, be likely to have any impact on
Airocean’s share price in addition to the impact already caused by the
particular that those investigations concerned Tay. Chan likewise did not
consider this issue because he was asked to answer only the composite question
(_viz_ , the question of whether the information about Tay being investigated
by CPIB in connection with two transactions involving the Subsidiaries was,
taken collectively, a material particular), and this resulted in the DJ
failing to make a finding on an important issue relevant to the Misleading
Disclosure Charges.

130 On the available evidence, I find that there is, at the very least, a
reasonable doubt as to whether the particular that the CPIB Investigations
concerned, specifically, two transactions involving the Subsidiaries was
sufficiently material to be likely to affect the price of Airocean shares in a
significant way. The suggestion in the 25/11/05 Announcement that the CPIB
Investigations concerned other companies in the air cargo industry was
misleading, but it was not _materially_ misleading. In my view, this
conclusion is validated by the evidence of the market impact of the 2/12/05
Announcement, which, as accepted by the DJ, disclosed the fact that the CPIB
Investigations concerned two transactions involving the Subsidiaries. I have
already explained in some detail that the market impact evidence of the trades
in Airocean shares during the short period after the 2/12/05 Announcement
showed that the disclosure of the information set out in that announcement did
not have a material effect on the price of Airocean shares (see [98] above).

131 Accordingly, I find that the DJ erred in law in finding that the 25/11/05
Announcement was misleading in a material particular. Of the two particulars
which, in the DJ’s view, should have been disclosed in that announcement (see
[125] above), the particular that Tay was being investigated by CPIB was in
fact disclosed in the announcement, whilst the particular that the CPIB
Investigations concerned, specifically, two transactions involving the
Subsidiaries was not a material particular.

Whether the 25/11/05 Announcement was likely to have the effect of stabilising
the market price of Airocean shares

132 In view of my conclusion that the 25/11/05 Announcement was not misleading
in a material particular, it is not necessary for me to consider whether that
announcement was likely to have the effect of stabilising the market price of
Airocean shares as alleged in the Misleading Disclosure Charges. I shall
nevertheless briefly consider this issue for completeness.

133 The DJ accepted Chan’s opinion that the 25/11/05 Announcement was likely
to have the effect of stabilising the market price of Airocean shares at a
higher level than what their market price would likely have been “had the
facts been truthfully and fully provided” (see the Judgment at [189]
(reproduced above at [36])). The DJ rejected the Appellants’ argument that the
25/11/05 Announcement did not have such a stabilising effect as Airocean’s
share price actually fell on the first trading day after the announcement was
made. The DJ dismissed this argument on the ground, as explained by Chan, that
Airocean’s share price fell on that day “because the public did not believe
what [Airocean] had said [in the 25/11/05 Announcement]” (see the Judgment at
[190] (reproduced above at [36])), but instead believed the ST Article, which
stated (_inter alia_) that Tay was “under [a] CPIB probe”.[note: 51]

134 In my view, Chan’s explanation was based on the incorrect premise that the
25/11/05 Announcement failed to disclose that Tay was being investigated by
CPIB. This premise was incorrect because, as I stated earlier, the 25/11/05
Announcement, in clarifying the ST Article, did disclose that Tay was under
investigation by CPIB. In my view, it would be reasonable to infer that
investors were influenced by the 25/11/05 Announcement because it confirmed
the information in the ST Article that Tay was under a CPIB probe. That would
explain why the price of Airocean shares fell drastically on the first day of
trading after the 25/11/05 Announcement. For these reasons, I am constrained
to find that there is a reasonable doubt as to the correctness of Chan’s
explanation that Airocean’s share price fell drastically that day because the
public did not believe the 25/11/05 Announcement. This explanation had no
factual basis and was inconsistent with the market impact evidence. No
Airocean investor was called to give evidence on what he understood the
25/11/05 Announcement to have disclosed or not disclosed, nor was any Airocean
investor called to give evidence that he did not believe what Airocean had
said in the 25/11/05 Announcement. It bears reiteration that the 25/11/05
Announcement clarified, and thereby disclosed, that Tay was under
investigation by CPIB, even though Tay had denied it in his earlier interview
with _The Straits Times_ (as reported in the ST Article). The sharp fall in
Airocean’s share price on the first trading day after the 25/11/05
Announcement must have been a direct reaction to that announcement, which
confirmed that Tay was “under [a] CPIB probe”[note: 52] as reported in the ST
Article, and not a result of investors believing the ST Article but not the
25/11/05 Announcement.

My decision on the Misleading Disclosure Charges

135 For these reasons, there is a reasonable doubt as to the correctness of
Chan’s opinion that the 25/11/05 Announcement was likely to stabilise
Airocean’s share price at a level higher than what it would otherwise likely
have been if the two particulars mentioned at [125] above had been disclosed.
Accordingly, I find that the DJ erred in convicting the Appellants of the
Misleading Disclosure Charges. It has not been proved beyond a reasonable
doubt that the 25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material particular
and that it was likely to stabilise Airocean’s share price.

136 In the circumstances, it will not be necessary for me to address the
remaining issues as to: (a) whether Airocean knew or ought reasonably to have
known that the 25/11/05 Announcement was misleading in a material particular;
and (b) whether the Appellants consented to the release of the 25/11/05
Announcement.

Analysis of the DJ’s findings on the Insider Trading Charges

137 I turn now to the Insider Trading Charges against Chong. Chong was
convicted of these charges under s 218 of the SFA for the reasons summarised
at [37] above.

138 The elements of the offence of insider trading under s 218 of the SFA are
as follows (see _Kevin Lew_ at [23]):

(a) the defendant is a connected person (“element (a)”);

(b) the defendant possessed information concerning the corporation (“element
(b)”);

(c) the information was not generally available (“element (c)”);

(d) a reasonable person would, if the information were generally available,
expect it to have a material effect on the price or value of the securities of
the corporation (“element (d)”);

(e) the defendant knew or ought reasonably to have known that the information
was not generally available (“element (e)”); and

(f) the defendant knew or ought reasonably to have known that if the
information were generally available, it might have a material effect on the
price or value of the corporation’s securities (“element (f)”).

139 Section 218(4) of the SFA provides that once the Prosecution has proved
element (a), element (b) and element (c), element (e) and element (f) are
presumed to be satisfied until the contrary is proved. As for element (d), it
is defined in s 216 of the SFA, which is set out at [142] below.

140 Chong concedes that he was a connected person (which is element (a)) and
that the Information was not generally available (which is element (c)). He
has appealed against his conviction on the Insider Trading Charges on the
following grounds:

(a) He was not in possession of the Information because: (i) he was led to
believe that neither Tay nor the Subsidiaries were the subject of the CPIB
investigations; (ii) he did not understand what being released on bail meant
or entailed; and (iii) he was not aware of the nature of the Information
(_viz_ , that it fell within s 216 of the SFA) because he had relied on legal
advice that disclosure of the Information was not necessary.

(b) It was not shown that a reasonable person would expect the Information, if
it were generally available, to have a material effect on the price or value
of Airocean shares.

(c) The presumption under s 218(4) of the SFA that Chong knew that the
Information was not generally available and that the Information, if it were
generally available, might have a material effect on the price or value of
Airocean shares did not arise because Chong was not in possession of the
Information and it was not proved that the Information was materially price-
sensitive.

(d) It was not proved that Chong either knew or ought reasonably to have known
that the Information, if it were generally available, would be materially
price-sensitive.

(e) There was no causal connection between the Information and Chong’s trades
in Airocean shares.

Whether Chong was in possession of the Information

141 In respect of element (b), I agree with the DJ’s finding that Chong was in
possession of the Information. The minutes of the 8/9/05 Board Meeting, which
Chong attended, recorded that: (a) Tay had been questioned by CPIB in relation
to two transactions between the Subsidiaries and Jetstar and Lufthansa; (b)
Tay had been released on bail; and (c) Tay’s passport had been retained by
CPIB. The DJ also found that Chong had seen Tay’s bail bond on 7 September
2005 (see the Judgment at [160]). I see no basis to overturn this factual
finding.

Whether a reasonable person would expect the Information, if it were generally
available, to have a material effect on the price or value of Airocean shares

142 _Vis-à-vis_ element (d), I mentioned earlier that for the purposes of
proving that a reasonable person would expect the inside information in
question, if it were generally available, to have a “material effect on the
price or value of securities” within the meaning of s 218, the Prosecution may
rely on the deeming provision in s 216, which provides as follows:

**Material effect on price or value of securities**

**216**. For the purposes of this Division [_ie_ , Division 3 of Part XII of
the SFA], a reasonable person would be taken to expect information to have a
material effect on the price or value of securities if the information would,
or would be likely to, influence persons who commonly invest in securities in
deciding whether or not to subscribe for, buy or sell the first-mentioned
securities.

143 Section 216 _deems_ information having the characteristic stated therein
to satisfy the requirement of materiality set out in s 218. The s 216 test of
materiality is based on trade sensitivity – _ie_ , it is based on the likely
influence of the information in question on _common investors_ in deciding
whether to subscribe for, buy or sell the securities concerned upon receiving
the information. Economic theory posits that investors in securities markets
generally act rationally when making decisions on whether to buy, sell or hold
on to securities. It should also be noted that, as I stated at [60] above, the
s 216 test is neither an exhaustive nor an exclusive test for determining
whether the information in question satisfies the requirement of materiality
set out in s 218. This follows from the observations of the WACA in _Jubilee
Mines NL_ at [58] in relation to s 1001D of the Australian Corporations Act
2001 (see [56] above).

144 The question that I have to consider where element (d) is concerned is
whether the Information fell under either s 218 _read with s 216_ (which looks
at the _trade sensitivity_ of information), or s 218 _read on its own_ (which
looks at the _price sensitivity_ of information). The DJ held that the
Information fell under s 218 read with s 216 (see the Judgment at [236]).

145 In his oral submissions before me, Chong’s counsel contended that there
was a reasonable doubt as to whether the Information was materially price-
sensitive (_ie_ , whether it fell under s 218 read on its own) as the Insider
Trading Charges did not state that the Information would impair Tay’s
functions as the CEO of Airocean. He contended that Airocean’s share price
would only have been affected if there was such impairment. It was submitted
that in the absence of such impairment, the Prosecution’s case rested simply
on the premise that the information about CPIB investigating Tay in connection
with two transactions of the Subsidiaries was _per se_ materially price-
sensitive information, and this was not the law. In support of his argument,
Chong’s counsel referred to the decision in _Kevin Lew_ , where the Court of
Appeal held (at [96] and [146(c)]) that in order to satisfy the requirement in
s 218 of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the SFA (2006
Rev Ed)”) that “a reasonable person would expect [the information in question]
to have a material effect on the price or value of securities”, it must be
shown that there was “a _substantial_ likelihood” [emphasis added] that the
information would influence the common investor’s decision on whether to
subscribe for, buy or sell the securities concerned (s 218 of the SFA (2006
Rev Ed) is _in pari materia_ with s 218 of the SFA).

146 In _Kevin Lew_ , the Court of Appeal applied the meaning of “material”
laid down by the United States Supreme Court (“the US Supreme Court”) in _TSC
Industries, Inc, et al, Petitioners, v Northway, Inc_ (1976) 426 US 438 (“
_TSC_ ”). In that case, the US Supreme Court was concerned with the meaning of
the word “material” in rule 14a-9(a) of the General Rules and Regulations
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act 1934 15 USC (US) (“rule
14a-9(a)”), which reads as follows:

No solicitation subject to this regulation shall be made by means of any proxy
statement, form of proxy, notice of meeting or other communication, written or
oral, containing _any statement which_ , at the time and in the light of the
circumstances under which it is made, _is false or misleading_ _with respect
to any material fact_ , or which omits to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements therein not false or misleading or necessary to
correct any statement in any earlier communication with respect to the
solicitation of a proxy for the same meeting or subject matter which has
become false or misleading. [emphasis added]

147 At 449–450 of _TSC_ , the US Supreme Court formulated the following test
of materiality (“the _TSC_ test”):

… An omitted fact is material if there is a _substantial likelihood_ that a
reasonable shareholder would consider it important in deciding how to vote. …
It does not require proof of a substantial likelihood that disclosure of the
omitted fact would have caused the reasonable investor to change his vote.
What the standard does contemplate is a showing of a substantial likelihood
that, under all the circumstances, the omitted fact would have assumed actual
significance in the deliberations of the reasonable shareholder. Put another
way, there must be a substantial likelihood that the disclosure of the omitted
fact would have been viewed by the reasonable investor as having significantly
altered the “total mix” of information made available.

The issue of materiality may be characterized as a mixed question of law and
fact, involving as it does the application of a legal standard to a particular
set of facts. … The determination requires delicate assessments of the
inferences a “reasonable shareholder” would draw from a given set of facts and
the significance of those inferences to him, and these assessments are
peculiarly ones for the trier of fact. Only if the established omissions are
“so obviously important to an investor, that reasonable minds cannot differ on
the question of materiality” is the ultimate issue of materiality
appropriately resolved “as a matter of law” by summary judgment. …

[emphasis added]

148 It may be noted that the language of rule 14a-9(a) is broadly similar to
the language of s 199 of the SFA in so far as the former uses the phrase “any
statement which … is _false or misleading with respect to any material fact_ ”
[emphasis added]. However, in _Kevin Lew_ , the court did not apply the _TSC_
test to s 199 of the SFA (2006 Rev Ed), which was not relevant in that case,
but instead applied it to s 218 read with s 216 of that Act (ss 199 and 216 of
the SFA (2006 Rev Ed) are likewise _in pari materia_ with the corresponding
sections of the SFA). The court said at [96] of _Kevin Lew_ :

96 We note that s 216 of the SFA [(2006 Rev Ed)] does not expressly state the
degree of likelihood that the information must have of influencing the Common
Investor before that information can be regarded as having a material effect
on the price or value of the shares in question. _We are of the view that, in
accordance with the_ TSC _test, there must be “a substantial likelihood” that
the information will influence the Common Investor in order for a reasonable
person to consider that information as having a material effect on the price
or value of the shares._ It goes without saying that, in applying the _TSC_
test, the influence cannot be _de minimis_. [emphasis in original omitted;
emphasis added in italics]

149 At [146(c)] of _Kevin Lew_ , the Court of Appeal made it clear that it was
reading a requirement of substantiality into s 216 of the SFA (2006 Rev Ed):

In so far as _Issue 3_ was concerned (_ie_ , whether, if the Information [_ie_
, the information in issue in _Kevin Lew_ , as opposed to the Information as
defined at [5] above] _were_ generally available, a reasonable person would
expect the Information to have a “material effect” on the price or value of
WBL shares under s 216 of the SFA [(2006 Rev Ed)]), we agreed with the Judge
that the correct legal test was the _TSC_ test as defined at [95] above.
Indeed, parties did not dispute that the _TSC_ test is the correct test to
apply under Issue 3. Rather, parties disputed how much weight should be
accorded to Market Impact Evidence (as defined in [97] above), with Lew [the
offender], in particular, arguing that Market Impact Evidence should be
treated as _conclusive_ in demonstrating whether the Information was material
or not. For the reasons given at [102]–[106] above, we rejected this approach
and held that, whilst Market Impact Evidence may be a _relevant_ factor in
determining whether the Information was material, it is clearly not conclusive
in and of itself given s 216 of the SFA [(2006 Rev Ed)] and the _TSC_ test.
The proper role of expert evidence, in the context of s 216 of the SFA [(2006
Rev Ed)], should be to assist the court in establishing how _a reasonable
person, at the time of the alleged insider trade_ , would have expected the
information to influence a Common Investor, and _not_ to analyse in minute
detail what, on hindsight, had actually happened to the market upon the
release of the information.

Further, we held that the Information here was material within the meaning of
s 216 of the SFA [(2006 Rev Ed)] (_ie_ , a reasonable person would have
expected the Information to have a “material effect” on the price or value of
WBL shares) because **_there was a substantial likelihood that the Information
would have influenced the Common Investor to buy or sell WBL shares_**. While
we had some reservations with regard to the materiality of the Loss Forecast
_in and of itself_ , this was not crucial since we agreed that the Significant
Impairment Prospective and therefore the Significant Overall Loss Forecast
were material. The Market Impact Evidence in this case supported the
conclusion that there was a **_substantial_** likelihood that the Information
would have influenced the Common Investor to buy or sell WBL shares, although,
as we held earlier, Market Impact Evidence is _not conclusive proof_ of
materiality under s 216. Therefore, the Information satisfied the requirement
under s 218 of materiality …

[emphasis in original in italics; emphasis added in bold italics]

150 Even though I was a member of the court that decided _Kevin Lew_ , I am
now of the view that the _TSC_ test is not relevant, and should not have been
applied to s 216 of the SFA (2006 Rev Ed) to make the test of materiality more
rigorous than the test set out by the express words of that provision. The
ruling on the applicability of the _TSC_ test to s 216 merits reconsideration
when a case involving this section comes before the Court of Appeal again.
Section 216 enacts a statutory test of “likely” and not “substantially likely”
to determine whether the information concerned is trade-sensitive such that it
satisfies the requirement of materiality set out in s 218. It would be
contrary to the legislative purpose to add the element of substantiality to
the test. I should add that the _TSC_ test is also not relevant in the context
of s 199 of the SFA and rule 703(1)(b) of the Listing Rules for a different
reason. As I have noted above, s 199 and rule 703(1)(b) are premised on the
likely material effect of information on the _price or value_ of securities.
They are not premised on the likely behaviour of common investors in deciding
whether to subscribe for, buy or sell securities, which is the statutory test
that s 216 provides.

151 Nevertheless, since I am bound by _Kevin Lew_ , I shall now consider
whether, applying the _TSC_ test to element (d), a reasonable person would
expect the Information, if it were generally available, to have a material
effect on the price or value of Airocean shares – _ie_ , whether, on the
evidence adduced by the Prosecution, there is a _substantial_ likelihood that
the Information would influence common investors in deciding whether or not to
subscribe for, buy or sell Airocean shares.

152 For this purpose, I put aside Chan’s expert opinion, which made no
distinction, in substance, between the meaning of the word “material” as used
in rule 703(1)(b) (in the context of the phrase “materially affect”) on the
one hand, and as used in s 216 and s 218 on the other.

153 There is, in my view, sufficient objective evidence in the form of actual
market impact evidence to enable me to decide whether the Information fell
under either s 218 read on its own, or s 218 read with s 216. In the Report,
Chan relied on the volume and the price of Airocean shares transacted on the
first day of trading after the 25/11/05 Announcement (which disclosed the fact
that Tay was being investigated by CPIB (see [96] above)) as well as on the
first day of trading after the 2/12/05 Announcement (which disclosed, _inter
alia_ , the additional information that the CPIB Investigations concerned two
transactions involving the Subsidiaries) to support his conclusion that the
Information “was price sensitive as [it] was likely to influence the
investment decision of a reasonable person trading in [Airocean] shares”[note:
53] (see para 23 of the Report (reproduced at [79] above)). I should point out
here that the cumulative effect of the 25/11/05 Announcement and the 2/12/05
Announcement was to disclose only that part of the Information which comprised
the Tay/Subsidiaries Information (_ie_ , the information that Tay was being
investigated by CPIB in relation to two transactions involving the
Subsidiaries); the Bail Information (as defined at [72] above) was never
disclosed in any of the announcements made by Airocean in connection with the
CPIB Investigations. With regard to the 25/11/05 Announcement, the trading
volume for Airocean shares on 28 November 2005 (the first trading day after
the release of that announcement) was 17,585,000 shares, which was the highest
volume transacted in a single day since 23 September 2005 (trading volume of
19,700,000 shares). Airocean’s share price fell by 12% (1.5 cents) from $0.125
to $0.11 on 28 November 2005. According to Chan, a 12% fall in share price is
considered a material price movement (see the Report at para 20 (reproduced at
[79] above)). With regard to the 2/12/05 Announcement, the volume of Airocean
shares transacted on 5 December 2005 (the first trading day after the release
of that announcement) was 15,597,000 shares, the second highest volume
transacted in a single day since 28 November 2005. Airocean’s share price fell
by 17.4% (2 cents) from $0.115 to $0.095. According to Chan, a 17.4% fall in
the share price is considered a material price movement (see the Report at
para 22 (likewise reproduced at [79] above)). However, what is interesting
about these two sets of figures is that Airocean shares closed at $0.115 on
the last trading day before the 2/12/05 Announcement (_viz_ , 1 December
2005), which was about 4.6% _higher_ than the lowest price of $0.11 on 28
November 2005.

154 It bears emphasis that the market impact evidence mentioned above is only
for the first day of trading after each of the aforesaid announcements was
made. What Chan failed to take into account was the following evidence:

(a) With regard to the 25/11/05 Announcement, Airocean’s share price recovered
and closed at $0.125 on 29 November 2005 and at $0.12 on 30 November 2005 on a
trading volume of 9,773,000 shares and 3,974,000 shares respectively.

(b) With regard to the 2/12/05 Announcement, the traded price of Airocean
shares fluctuated in the following manner:

(i) the share price recovered and closed at $0.115 on 6 December 2005;

(ii) the share price reached a high of $0.125 on 7 December 2005, and closed
at $0.12 on that day;

(iii) the share price reached a high of $0.12 on 8 December 2005, and closed
at $0.115 on that day; and

(iv) the share price reached a high of $0.12 from 12 to 14 December 2005, and
closed at $0.115 (on 12 and 13 December 2005) and at $0.11 (on 14 December
2005).

155 It can be seen from the foregoing market impact evidence that the
Tay/Subsidiaries Information (which, as mentioned earlier, was the only part
of the Information that was ultimately disclosed) did _not_ have a material
effect on the price of Airocean shares over a short period of time (as shown
by the traded prices from 28 November to 1 December 2005, and from 5 to 14
December 2005). Although the market impact evidence is not conclusive of
whether the Tay/Subsidiaries Information was _likely_ to have a material
effect on Airocean’s share price, the fact that the market impact evidence
showed no material change in Airocean’s share price is an important
consideration. In the absence of any explanation as to why there was no
material change in Airocean’s share price, it would be reasonable to infer
that there was no likelihood of the Tay/Subsidiaries Information having a
material effect on Airocean’s share price, unless the market impact evidence
can be explained away by other factors. In the circumstances, I find that the
Tay/Subsidiaries Information did not fall under s 218 read _without_ s 216 –
_ie_ , it was not materially price-sensitive information.

156 However, I find that the market impact evidence shows that the
Tay/Subsidiaries Information did fall under s 218 read _with_ s 216 (as
interpreted in _Kevin Lew_) – _ie_ , it was trade-sensitive information. The
sharp increase in the volume of Airocean shares transacted on the first
trading day after the 25/11/05 Announcement and on the first trading day after
the 2/12/05 Announcement indicate that the Tay/Subsidiaries Information had a
substantial likelihood of influencing common investors in deciding whether to
buy or sell Airocean shares. I note that the changes in trading volume after
the 2/12/05 Announcement might also have been caused or contributed to by the
disclosure in that announcement of the CAD Investigations (see [102] above).
This factor does not, however, explain the sharp changes in trading volume
immediately after the 25/11/05 Announcement.

157 Accordingly, I agree with the DJ that the Tay/Subsidiaries Information was
information which a reasonable person would expect, if it were generally
available, to have a “material effect on the price or value of securities”
under s 218 read with s 216.

Whether Chong knew or ought reasonably to have known that if the Information
were generally available, it might have a material effect on the price or
value of Airocean shares

158 I turn now to consider element (f) in relation to the Insider Trading
Charges. As noted above, s 218(4) of the SFA provides that a defendant would
be rebuttably presumed to know that the information in question, if it were
generally available, might have a material effect on the price or value of the
securities of the company concerned once it has been shown that: (a) the
defendant is a connected person _vis-à-vis_ that company; (b) the defendant
possessed information concerning that company; and (c) the information was not
generally available (see [139] above).

159 I have earlier expressed my agreement with the DJ’s finding that Chong was
in possession of the Information (see [141] above). On that basis, and given
that Chong concedes that he was connected with Airocean and that the
Information was not generally available (see [140] above), it follows that
Chong is presumed to have known that if the Information were generally
available, it might have a material effect on the price or value of Airocean
shares. I agree with the DJ’s finding that Chong has not rebutted this
presumption (see the Judgment at [237]–[238]). I thus uphold Chong’s
conviction on the Insider Trading Charges.

Summary of my decision on the appeals against conviction

160 For the reasons given above, I set aside the convictions of Madhavan and
Chong on the Non-disclosure Charges. I also set aside the convictions of all
the Appellants on the Misleading Disclosure Charges. The related sentences
imposed by the DJ for the Non-disclosure Charges and the Misleading Disclosure
Charges are set aside. Where Madhavan and Ong are concerned, I also set aside
the disqualification orders imposed on them in the court below.

161 However, I affirm the conviction of Chong on the Insider Trading Charges.
I shall now consider Chong’s appeal against his sentence and his
disqualification _vis-à-vis_ these charges.

Chong’s appeal against sentence and disqualification _vis-à-vis_ the Insider
Trading Charges

The sentence imposed by the DJ

162 Chong was convicted of insider trading in Airocean shares for having sold
1,000,000 Airocean shares on 26 September 2005, 500,000 Airocean shares on 27
September 2005 and 515,000 Airocean shares on 28 September 2005 at $0.205 per
share for a net total sum of $411,804.79. The DJ accepted the Prosecution’s
submission that Chong had avoided a total loss of $191,450 (see the Judgment
at [258]). Chong was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment on each of the
Insider Trading Charges, with two of the sentences to run consecutively, thus
making a total of four months’ imprisonment in effect.

The usual sentence for insider trading offences

163 The DJ sentenced Chong to imprisonment even though he accepted that,
hitherto, the District Courts had generally imposed fines for insider trading
offences which were not of an egregious nature (see the Judgment at [256]).
There was an exception in the egregious case of _Public Prosecutor v Chen
Jiulin_ District Arrest Case No 23240 of 2005 (“ _Chen Jiulin_ ”). The accused
in that case (“Chen”), who was at the material time the CEO and managing
director of China Aviation Oil (S) Corporation (“CAO”) as well as a vice-
president of CAO’s parent company, China Aviation Oil Holding Corporation
(“CAOHC”), procured CAOHC to sell its 15% stake in CAO while he was in
possession of information that CAO was facing market losses of at least
US$180m. Chen was sentenced to four months’ imprisonment after entering a
guilty plea. In contrast, a fine was imposed in the related case of _Public
Prosecutor v Jia Changbin_ District Arrest Cases Nos 23256 and 23527 of 2005.
The accused in that case (“Jia”), who was a director and non-executive
chairman of CAO as well as the president of CAOHC at the material time, had
consented to the transaction procured by Chen while in possession of the same
information. Jia pleaded guilty to a charge of insider trading and was fined
the statutory maximum amount of $250,000.

164 Other insider trading cases where the District Courts have imposed fines
are:

(a) _Public Prosecutor v Joanna Yeo_ District Arrest Case No 5259 of 2005,
where the accused pleaded guilty to one charge of insider trading and
consented to two similar charges being taken into consideration. The accused
was the executive director, chief financial officer and company secretary of
Asiatravel.com Holdings Ltd (“AHL”). Together with other AHL officers, she
attended a meeting with Valuair Limited (“Valuair”), at which Valuair agreed
to a US$3.5m investment by AHL. The following day, she sold 100,000 AHL shares
in her trading account at $0.355 per share. AHL announced its deal with
Valuair five days later. The statement of facts does not state the amount of
profit that the accused made or the amount of loss that she avoided. However,
the statement of facts explains that AHL’s share price rose by 5.6% after the
deal was announced. The share price subsequently fell and closed at $0.435,
which was 3.3% lower than the previous day’s closing price. AHL’s share price
continued to fall over the next three days. The accused was sentenced to a
fine of $60,000 (in default, six months’ imprisonment) for her insider trading
offence.

(b) _Public Prosecutor v Ang Luck Seh_ District Arrest Case No 6008 of 2009,
where the accused pleaded guilty to one charge of insider trading and
consented to another similar charge being taken into consideration. The
accused was the executive director of AP Oil International Limited (“AP Oil”).
He purchased 85,000 AP Oil shares while in possession of information that AP
Oil had signed two sale and purchase agreements worth US$355.5m, which
information had yet to be disclosed to the public. He was sentenced to a fine
of $80,000 (in default, five months’ imprisonment). The statement of facts
does not reveal the amount of profit that the accused made or the amount of
loss that he avoided.

(c) _Public Prosecutor v Koh Soe Khoon_ [2006] SGDC 84, where the accused
pleaded guilty to three charges of insider trading and agreed to three other
similar charges being taken into consideration. The accused was the managing
director and executive chairman of Brilliant Manufacturing Limited (“BML”).
Between 18 November 2003 and 2 December 2003, the accused knew that BML’s full
year net profit had increased by 203% and that BML intended to declare a
higher dividend than that declared in the previous year. It was not disputed
that this information was material and was not generally available. While the
accused was in possession of such information, he bought 150,000, 100,000 and
100,000 BML shares for his son’s account at an average price of $0.60333,
$0.575 and $0.58 respectively. Upon the release of the information, BML’s
share price rose to $0.725. Based on these prices, the accused made a paper
gain of $47,800, but only $37,950 was taken into consideration for sentencing.
He was fined $160,000 (in default, 16 months’ imprisonment) for each of the
three insider trading offences.

165 The DJ explained his decision on Chong’s sentence for the Insider Trading
Offences at [258] of the Judgment as follows:

258 … The defence had submitted that between the period when [Chong] sold
these shares up to the announcement on 25th November 2005, there was a lapse
of 2 months and that during these 2 months, the price of Airocean shares had
fluctuated due to extraneous circumstances such as market sentiment. There was
also a substantial downloading of shares by another director [Dunn] (23.83
million shares) over a short period of time and the share prices of Airocean
had dropped significantly during the period from 8 to 17 November 2005 i.e.
the share price of Airocean shares had fallen from $0.16 on 8 November to
$0.115 on 17 November 2005. The defence submitted that the quantum of the
losses avoided should not be an important consideration for the assessment of
fines to be imposed by the court. However, profits made and losses avoided are
important factors which the court would take into consideration in assessing
sentence for insider trading offences. This stems from the motive for the
buying and selling of shares arising from … access [to] the confidential
material information in the company especially … where access is due to the
connection of the offender with the company. The court considered that in this
case, [Chong] had obtained the information of the CPIB investigations into
Airocean’s officers and the transactions involving [the Subsidiaries] by
virtue of his position as the Chief Operating Officer and as a director in
Airocean. He has, by having access to this information and selling [a]
substantial amount of shares (about 2 million shares) abuse[d] his position
and fiduciary relationship with the company. Moreover, the court had found the
information in this case to be material information which would have an impact
on investors trading in Airocean shares. Further, the exploitation of
confidential information in this case would undermine the public confidence in
the transparency and integrity of the securities market. As submitted by the
prosecution, there is an avoidance of losses amounting to $191,450 arising out
of [Chong’s] sale of the shares. In view of these aggravating factors, the
court agrees with the prosecution’s submission that it would be appropriate in
the present case to impose a custodial sentence.

166 Chong has argued that the cases involving other provisions of the SFA as
well as the cases from other jurisdictions in which custodial sentences were
imposed for insider trading are not applicable to his circumstances. He cites
as an example _Ng Geok Eng v Public Prosecutor_ [2007] 1 SLR(R) 913 (one of
the cases relied on by the Prosecution), a market rigging case where the
market misconduct involved more culpable conduct. Similarly, Chong submits,
apart from the different sentencing norms and statutory provisions applicable
in England and Australia, the culpability of the offenders in English and
Australian cases where custodial sentences were imposed was also much higher.
Chong further argues that the loss which he avoided was not $191,450, and that
it is difficult to compute accurately exactly how much loss he avoided since
there was a lapse of approximately two months between his sale of Airocean
shares in September 2005 and the release of the 25/11/05 Announcement and the
2/12/05 Announcement. Chong further points out that other factors were also
responsible during this intervening period (“the Intervening Period”) for
lowering the price of Airocean shares. For example, Dunn had reduced his
investment in Airocean from 24,330,000 shares to 500,000 shares between 8 and
17 November 2005. In view of all these circumstances, Chong submits, a fine of
between $40,000 and $60,000 for each of the Insider Trading Charges would be
appropriate.

My decision on Chong’s sentence

167 It is well established that an appellate court will not disturb the
sentence of a lower court unless: (a) the lower court erred with respect to
the proper factual basis for sentencing; (b) the lower court failed to
appreciate the materials placed before it; (c) the sentence is wrong in
principle; or (d) the sentence is manifestly excessive or manifestly
inadequate (see, _inter alia_ , _Public Prosecutor v UI_ [2008] 4 SLR(R) 500
at [12]).

168 In my view, the DJ erred in sentencing Chong to two months’ imprisonment
on each of the Insider Trading Charges for the following reasons.

169 First, he misdirected himself on the gravity of Chong’s conduct and also
the quantum of losses avoided by Chong.

(a) At [258] of the Judgment (reproduced at [165] above), the DJ characterised
all the factors mentioned therein as _aggravating_ factors. Those factors
were, however, not aggravating factors. They were merely factors which
satisfied the ingredients of the offence of insider trading. The DJ also did
not consider other aspects of Chong’s conduct which showed that the gravity of
his conduct was not as serious as is suggested by [258] of the Judgment. For
example, Chong did not sell the Airocean shares in question immediately or
shortly after he came into possession of the Information. He delayed for
almost three weeks, which supports his argument that his sale of those shares
was not planned to avoid a loss which he had anticipated would occur and that
he had instead sold those shares because he thought that things had settled
down. Moreover, Imran’s advice that no disclosure of the CPIB Investigations
was necessary as at September 2005 would still have been in his mind when he
sold those shares.

(b) The DJ was also wrong in accepting the Prosecution’s submission that Chong
had avoided a loss of $191,450 (see the Judgment at [258]), which amount was
derived by using the traded price of Airocean shares after the 2/12/05
Announcement was released. This was an overly simplistic way of computing the
loss avoided by Chong and failed to take into account the general decline in
Airocean’s share price during the Intervening Period. Airocean’s share price
declined from approximately $0.20 to $0.21 during the period from 25 to 27
September 2005 to a low of $0.125 on 24 November 2005. The general decline in
Airocean’s share price was, in fact, highlighted in the ST Article. Although
it is impossible to say what exactly caused the decline in Airocean’s share
price, there is some indication from what was said in the ST Article that
Airocean’s share price had also declined for other reasons which had nothing
to do with the CPIB Investigations (for example, the ST Article noted that
Airocean’s efforts to enter into a joint venture to start a budget airline in
China had failed). Furthermore, the 2/12/05 Announcement also contained
another piece of price-sensitive information in addition to the
Tay/Subsidiaries Information, _viz_ , the information about the CAD
Investigations. Hence, the Prosecution’s computation of the loss avoided by
Chong is unlikely to be correct as it would not be possible to determine the
extent to which the fall in Airocean’s share price during the Intervening
Period was due to the disclosure of the Tay/Subsidiaries Information (which,
as stated earlier, was the only part of the Information that was ultimately
disclosed).

170 Secondly, in departing from the existing sentencing norm of a fine for
non-egregious insider trading offences, the DJ preferred the sentencing
approach of the courts in jurisdictions such as Australia and England. While I
agree that insider trading can damage a securities market’s reputation for
integrity as well as affect its growth and development, not all insider
trading offences call for custodial sentences. Such offences may be committed
in many ways, for different ends, and with different consequences to investors
and the securities market.

171 For instance, in _Regina v Rivkin_ [2003] NSWSC 447 (“ _Rivkin_ ”), where
a custodial sentence was imposed for insider trading, the unlawful conduct of
the offender (“Rivkin”) was found by the court to have been egregious.
Furthermore, a simple reference to the sentence imposed in that case is
inappropriate because of the different sentencing regime that the court
utilised. Rivkin was described as “a most experienced stockbroker” (see
_Rivkin_ at [48]), having been a member of the Sydney Stock Exchange for over
30 years. He had “deliberately decided to arrange the purchase of the shares,
notwithstanding that he had received an express caution from Gerard McGowan
[the chief executive officer of Impulse Airlines, the person from whom Rivkin
had obtained the inside information] that he should not trade in [those]
shares” (see _Rivkin_ at [50]). Even then, the court held that the aim of
general deterrence would be served if Rivkin was sentenced to merely _periodic
detention_ in the form of either mid-week or weekend detention at a detention
centre (see _Rivkin_ at [65]). Rivkin was also fined A$30,000 (see _Rivkin_ at
[69]). In my view, _Rivkin_ is not an appropriate sentencing precedent for the
present case.

172 In the English cases where custodial sentences were imposed for insider
trading, the culpability of the offenders was likewise much higher than that
of Chong. In _R v Spearman_ [2003] EWCA Crim 2893, there was a conspiracy
among the three co-defendants. They were sentenced to between 18 to 21 months’
imprisonment on appeal for having made profits of £36,000, £100,000 and
£200,000 respectively. In _R v McQuoid_ [2009] 4 All ER 388, the offender
(“McQuoid”) was a solicitor and general counsel of a public limited company
listed on the London Stock Exchange. He acquired inside information about a
proposed takeover and passed the information to his father-in-law, who traded
on it and made a profit of £48,919.20, half of which was later paid to
McQuoid. The facts of this case are not fully reported in the published
judgment, but it appears from a press release from the United Kingdom Serious
Fraud Office that McQuoid and three other offenders had conspired together as
well as with other persons for almost four years, between 1 June 1997 and 28
April 2001, to deal in securities on the London Stock Exchange using inside
information given to them by an insider of a listed company. McQuoid was
sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment.

173 Before me, the Prosecution has submitted that I should follow the
sentencing approach of V K Rajah JA (sitting as a High Court judge) in _Public
Prosecutor v Wang Ziyi Able_ [2008] 2 SLR(R) 1082 (“ _Able Wang (Sentence)_
”). In that case, Rajah JA departed from the sentencing norm of a fine for the
offence of false or misleading disclosure under s 199 of the SFA (2006 Rev Ed)
(see the Judgment at [253]).

174 The accused in _Able Wang (Sentence)_ was convicted of the offence under s
199(_b_)(i) of the SFA (2006 Rev Ed) for posting on an Internet forum a false
statement that CAD had raided the office of Datacraft Asia Limited. The case
concerned a particularly egregious instance of dissemination of false
information for the purpose of self-gain. The accused committed the offence in
a brazen manner and in circumstances where the potential harm to the public
could have been “enormous and devastating” (see _Able Wang (Sentence)_ at
[24]). This led Rajah JA, after noting that the Subordinate Courts had
established “a _de facto_ benchmark sentence of a fine … for most offences
under Division 1 of Pt XII of the SFA [(2006 Rev Ed)]” (see _Able Wang
(Sentence)_ at [17]), to decide that a fine was inappropriate in the
circumstances. It was in this context that Rajah JA said (see _Able Wang
(Sentence)_ at [29]):

… White-collar crimes, especially financial market-related crimes, often have
wider ramifications and repercussions on many more persons and financial
institutions as well as a far more significant impact on market confidence
than offences against the person which by and large entail more limited
consequences. Sentencing judges should painstakingly seek to ensure that the
punishment adequately addresses the harm caused by the offence in these
circumstances. ...

I find nothing in this passage to suggest that Rajah JA was saying that the
then sentencing norm for securities market-related offences was no longer
appropriate for _every_ such offence.

175 In my view, Chong’s insider trading offences were not sufficiently serious
to justify a sudden and unexpected departure from the existing sentencing
norm. If _Able Wang (Sentence)_ did indeed signal a change in the sentencing
norm with effect from 11 March 2008 (the date on which that judgment was
released) for all securities market-related offences, including the offence of
insider trading, a justification must be found before the altered approach can
be applied _retrospectively_ to Chong’s insider trading offences, which were
committed in different circumstances in 2005. I am not able to find such a
justification in the present case. Moreover, there is a serious objection, in
terms of fairness and the principle of just deserts, to the retrospective
application of sentencing norms to offences committed before those norms are
established. The principle of deterrence has no application in such a
situation as the offence in question has already been committed. Such a
situation raises, instead, the issue of whether an offender should be
sentenced based on the sentencing guidelines in force at the time of the
commission of the offence, or based on the sentencing guidelines in force at
the time of sentencing. This issue can have significant impact on an offender
where the sentencing guidelines have been altered to his detriment between the
time he committed his offence and the time of sentencing.

176 In England, the English Court of Appeal held (_per_ Lord Judge CJ) in _R v
H_ [2011] EWCA Crim 2753 that the relevant date for determining the sentence
was “ _the date of the sentencing hearing_ , on the basis of the legislative
provisions _then current_ , and by measured reference to any definitive
sentencing guidelines relevant to the situation revealed by the established
facts” [emphasis added] (see _R v H_ at [47(a)]). The court’s reason for
taking this approach was that “it [was] wholly unrealistic to attempt an
assessment of sentence by seeking to identify in 2011 [_viz_ , the time of
sentencing in _R v H_] what the sentence for the individual offence was likely
to have been if the offence had come to light at or shortly after the date
when it was committed” (see _R v H_ at [47(b)]). _R v H_ concerned a series of
eight “historic” or “cold” sexual crimes which, for various reasons such as a
delay in reporting the crimes, came to light only several years after they
were committed. For example, one of the offences took place from 1966 to 1979,
but a complaint was made to the police only in 2010 (see _R v H_ at
[49]–[50]). It should be noted that the statements from _R v H_ quoted earlier
in this paragraph assume that there are definitive sentencing guidelines in
force as at the date of sentencing.

177 In Australia, a different approach was taken by a specially-constituted
five-member New South Wales Court of Criminal Appeal (“NSWCCA”) in _R v MJR_
(2002) 54 NSWLR 368 (“ _MJR_ ”). The question before the NSWCCA in that case
was whether the offender should be sentenced according to the sentencing
practice in force at the time of the commission of the offence, or according
to the more severe sentencing regime that had since been adopted by the time
of sentencing (see _MJR_ at [1]). The court concluded (by a majority of 4:1)
that the sentencing practice as at the date of the commission of the offence
should be applied (see _MJR_ at [31] (_per_ Spigelman CJ), [71] (_per_ Grove
J) and [105] (_per_ Sully J, who concurred only because a prior NSWCCA
precedent had “stood unreversed since 1993” and had been consistently followed
in subsequent decisions of the NSWCCA)). The Northern Territory courts take a
similar view as the majority of the NSWCCA in _R v H_ , but with some
qualifications as set out in the following passage from _Green v The Queen_
(2006] 205 FLR 388 (“ _Green_ ”):

45 As is not unusual in the criminal law, the considerations founded in public
policy do not all point in the same direction. There is a tension between
those considerations which requires resolution through the application of
fundamental principles of “justice and equity” while retaining sufficient
discretion in a sentencing court to resolve practical issues which necessarily
arise when sentencing many years after the commission of an offence.
_Balancing the competing interests, and applying those fundamental principles,
in my opinion, speaking generally, when changing sentencing standards have
resulted in penalties increasing between the commission of the crime and the
imposition of sentence, and in circumstances_** _where the delay is not
reasonably attributable to the conduct of the offender_** _, a sentencing
court should, as far as is reasonably practicable, apply the sentencing
standards applicable_** _at the time of the commission of the offence_** _._
As Mason CJ and McHugh J said, the offender has “an entitlement” to be
sentenced “in conformity with the requirements of the law as it then stood”.

46 The view I have expressed is **_subject to important qualifications_**.
First, the general principle is not an “inflexible rule”. If good grounds
exist, it may be appropriate to apply current sentencing standards. Second,
the general principle can be applied only if it is reasonably practicable to
do so. If the available evidence fails to establish a change in sentencing
standards between the commission of the offence and the time of sentencing,
the court will be left with no alternative but to apply current standards.

47 There is a third qualification. Statutory changes in sentencing regimes can
complicate the application of the general principle as a matter of
practicality and they might dictate that the general principle has been
qualified or is inapplicable. …

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

178 In the Hong Kong case of _HKSAR v Mok Yiu Kau_ [2007] HKCA 341 (“ _Mok Yiu
Kau_ ”), the sentencing judge departed from the prevailing sentencing
guidelines for the offence of trafficking in ketamine (see _Mok Yiu Kau_ at
[2]). On appeal, the Court of Appeal of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region had to consider whether the sentencing judge was correct to have taken
the view that the more severe sentencing guidelines in force at the time of
sentencing should be applied against the applicant even though the sentencing
guidelines prevailing at the time of the offence would have warranted a lower
sentence (see _Mok Yiu Kau_ at [3]). The applicant argued that the sentencing
judge’s approach was a breach of Art 12(1) of the Hong Kong Bill of Rights
Ordinance (Cap 383) (“the HK Bill of Rights”), which provides as follows:

… Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at
the time when the criminal offence was committed. …

The court held that the sentence imposed by the sentencing judge should be
adjusted to reflect the guidelines that prevailed at the time of the
commission of the offence (see _Mok Yiu Kau_ at [8]):

8\. The fact of the matter is that the courts have in practice adopted a
guideline tariff. Furthermore, we are informed that in relation to the review
to be heard later this year, to which we have referred, the respondent
defendant in that particular case has expressly been assured that any
resulting upward adjustment in the tariff for ketamine offences will not
affect the sentence imposed in his case. In the circumstances, we take the
view that the sentence imposed upon this applicant should be adjusted to
reflect the guideline-influenced practice that prevailed at the time that he
committed this offence. …

It may be that the Hong Kong position is not analogous to that at common law
by reason of Art 12(1) of the HK Bill of Rights.

179 In the United States, the US Supreme Court unanimously held in _Miller v
Florida_ (1987) 482 US 423 (“ _Miller_ ”) that it was contrary to the _ex post
facto_ clause in Art 1 of the United States Constitution to apply sentencing
guidelines to offences committed _before_ the guidelines became effective (see
_Miller_ at 435). Again, the analogy is not appropriate as _Miller_ was a case
concerning statutory guidelines.

180 As far as local sentencing practices are concerned, the cases discussed in
Kow Keng Siong, _Sentencing Principles in Singapore_ (Academy Publishing,
2009) at paras 13.088–13.090 show that there is no consistency in the approach
of the local courts _vis-à-vis_ the retrospective application of sentencing
norms or guidelines to “old” offences (_ie_ , offences committed before the
implementation of the sentencing norms or guidelines in force at the time of
sentencing).

181 In my view, there is no inflexible rule that current sentencing guidelines
or principles cannot be applied to “old” offences in any circumstances.
Nevertheless, the general principle ought to be that an offender should not be
punished more severely than other offenders who committed the same offence (or
an offence falling within the same category of offences) before the
implementation of new guidelines providing for heavier sentences for that
offence (or that category of offences). This principle is fair and just, and
gives equal protection of the law to offenders of equal or similar
culpability. If the sentencing norm for an offence is to be departed from to
the detriment of the offender (_eg_ , from a fine to imprisonment and/or
caning), it should only be done in circumstances where specific or general
deterrence is needed to check the rise of particular types of offences. Even
then, there is no reason why the courts should not, whenever possible,
forewarn would-be offenders of the new sentencing guidelines or even
benchmarks. Although it is not common, our courts have done this from time to
time, _eg_ , in _Panneerselvam s/o Arunasalam v Public Prosecutor_
Magistrate’s Appeal No 21 of 2008 (see Selina Lum, “Risk $3k fine for feeding
monkeys” _The Straits Times_ (7 May 2008)).

182 The practice of not applying new sentencing guidelines to “old” offences
without any kind of forewarning is also consistent with the well-established
practice of our courts in not taking into account heavier punishments
prescribed by legislation for the same offence (or an offence of the same
category) committed prior to such legislative changes. For instance, in _Seow
Wei Sin v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2011] 1 SLR 1199, a case
involving a National Service defaulter, Chao Hick Tin JA (sitting as a High
Court judge) agreed with counsel’s submission that “sentencing precedents
relating to offences committed _after_ the 2006 amendments [to the Enlistment
Act (Cap 93, 2001 Rev Ed)] were not relevant and should not be relied upon …
to determine the appropriate sentence because the [a]ccused should only be
punished in the circumstances and in accordance with the law which existed at
the time of his offence” [emphasis in original] (at [26]). Chao JA also
referred to an earlier High Court decision in which L P Thean J accepted
counsel’s argument that the accused in that case ought to have been “punished
in the circumstances which then existed and in accordance with the legislation
then in force, and it [was] not correct to take into account subsequent
legislation” (see _Chota bin Abdul Razak v Public Prosecutor_ [1991] 1 SLR(R)
501 at [19]). Exceptionally, as the court said in _Green_ at [46], “[i]f good
grounds exist, it may be appropriate to apply current sentencing standards”.
This would be appropriate for egregious cases. In such cases, the court may,
for example, impose a symbolic custodial sentence of one day for an offence
which has hitherto been punished solely by way of a fine.

183 Where insider trading offences are concerned, the sentencing norm as at
2005 did not preclude the court from imposing a custodial sentence for
egregious cases, as can be seen from the four-month imprisonment term imposed
in _Chen Jiulin_ (see [163] above). There was thus no need for the DJ to rely
on _Able Wang (Sentence)_ , which was not concerned with insider trading but
instead concerned a s 199 offence of a serious nature that had been committed
egregiously, to justify the imposition of custodial sentences on Chong for the
Insider Trading Charges. More importantly, given the circumstances in which
Chong committed his insider trading offences (see [169] above), I am of the
view that Chong’s conduct was not of sufficient gravity to justify the
imposition of custodial sentences. There is no reason why Chong should not be
punished in accordance with the sentencing norm prevailing in 2005, rather
than that applicable in 2011, for insider trading offences which are not of an
egregious nature. For Chong, a heavy fine would be a sufficient punishment.

184 For all the reasons above, I set aside the custodial sentences imposed on
Chong in the court below for the Insider Trading Charges. In their place, I
impose the following sentences on Chong:

(a) District Arrest Case No 34240 of 2008 (sale of 1,000,000 Airocean shares)
– fine of $100,000 (in default, ten months’ imprisonment);

(b) District Arrest Case No 34241 of 2008 (sale of 500,000 Airocean shares) –
fine of $50,000 (in default, five months’ imprisonment); and

(c) District Arrest Case No 34242 of 2008 (sale of 515,000 Airocean shares) –
fine of $50,000 (in default, five months’ imprisonment).

185 Before I turn to consider the disqualification order imposed by the DJ
against Chong, I should briefly address an argument raised by Ong in MA
13/2011 in respect of sentencing, even though sentencing is no longer a live
issue where Ong is concerned given my decision to set aside his conviction.
Ong’s argument is that the retrospective application of current sentencing
guidelines to “old” offences could infringe Art 11(1) of the Constitution of
the Republic of Singapore (1985 Rev Ed, 1999 Reprint) (“the Constitution”),
which provides that “[n]o person shall be punished for an act or omission
which was not punishable by law when it was done or made, and _no person shall
suffer greater punishment for an offence than was prescribed by law at the
time it was committed_ ” [emphasis added]. The word “law” is defined in Art
2(1) of the Constitution as including “the common law in so far as it is in
operation in Singapore”, and has also been interpreted in the context of Art
11(1) as including “judicial pronouncements” (see _Public Prosecutor v
Manogaran s/o R Ramu_ [1996] 3 SLR(R) 390 at [66]).

186 Although the aforesaid constitutional argument was not raised by Chong in
challenging the DJ’s reliance on _Able Wang (Sentence)_ to justify the
imposition of custodial sentences, as opposed to the normal sentence of a
fine, for the Insider Trading Charges, if Chong had raised that argument, it
would have been given short shrift. This is because the custodial sentences
imposed on Chong for his insider trading offences were validly imposed under
two laws, _viz_ , the SFA and the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed). Furthermore, the aggregate custodial term of four months’ imprisonment
was within the type and range of punishments prescribed by s 221(1) of the
SFA. It follows that the custodial sentences imposed on Chong cannot be
challenged based on Art 11(1) of the Constitution (nor, for that matter, based
on Art 9(1), which provides that “[n]o person shall be deprived of his life or
liberty save in accordance with law”).

The disqualification order against Chong

187 Turning now to the disqualification order imposed on Chong in the court
below, the DJ disqualified Chong from acting as a director or being involved
in the management of a company for a period of five years upon his release
from prison after serving the custodial sentences imposed for the Insider
Trading Charges (see the Judgment at [272]). He held (at [272] of the
Judgment) that Chong’s offences were committed in connection with the
management of Airocean on the basis of the test formulated by Staughton LJ in
_R v Goodman_ [1993] 2 All ER 789 (“ _Goodman_ ”) at 792, which was as
follows:

There are three possible ways of looking at the test to be applied. The first
might be to say that the indictable offence referred to in the [Company
Directors Disqualification Act 1986 (c 46) (UK)] must be an offence of
breaking some rule of law as to what must be done in the management of a
company or must not be done. Examples might be keeping accounts or filing
returns and such matters. It is clear from the authorities that the section
[_viz_ , s 2(1) of the aforesaid Act] is not limited in that way, although
even if there were such a limit it would be arguable that the offence of
insider trading, because it requires some connection between the defendant and
the company, is an offence of that nature. Another view might be that the
indictable offence must be committed in the course of managing the company.
That would cover cases such as _R v Georgiou_ [(1988) 87 Cr App R 207], _R v
Corbin_ [(1984) 6 Cr App R (S) 17] and _R v Austen_ [(1985) 7 Cr App R (S)
214]. What the defendants in all those cases were doing was managing the
company so that it carried out unlawful transactions.

The third view would be that the indictable offence must have some relevant
factual connection with the management of the company. That, in our judgment,
is the correct answer. It is perhaps wider than the test applied in the three
cases we have mentioned, because in those cases there was no need for the
court to go wider than in fact it did. But we can see no ground for supposing
that Parliament wished to apply any stricter test. Accordingly, we consider
that the conduct of Mr Goodman in this case did amount to an indictable
offence in connection with the management of the company. Even on a stricter
view that might well be the case, because as chairman it was unquestionably
his duty not to use confidential information for his own private benefit. It
was arguably conduct in the management of the company when he did that.

188 The test preferred by Staughton LJ has since been applied in a subsequent
decision of the English Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) (see _R v Creggy_
[2008] 3 All ER 91 at [13]–[14]). In my view, the facts of the present case
fall within the ambit of Staughton LJ’s preferred test. As Chong was the COO
as well as an executive director of Airocean at the material time, his
offences would fall within the third test formulated in _Goodman_.

189 As to whether disqualification for five years is manifestly excessive,
reference may be made to the related appeal of _Ong Chow Hong (alias Ong Chaw
Ping) v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [2011] 3 SLR 1093 (“ _Ong Chow
Hong_ ”), where the High Court increased the period of disqualification
imposed on Ong CH, the non-executive chairman of Airocean’s board of directors
at the material time, from 12 months to 24 months. Ong CH had pleaded guilty
to a charge under s 157(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 2006 Rev Ed) of
failing to use reasonable diligence in the discharge of his official duties as
a director (see _Ong Chow Hong_ at [10]). The charge arose out of Ong CH’s
conduct on 25 November 2005 after Ang contacted him to update him on
developments in connection with SGX’s request that Airocean issue a
clarificatory announcement on the ST Article (see _Ong Chow Hong_ at [9]; see
also [19] above). Apparently, Ong CH told Ang that “he would agree to any
announcement issued by [Airocean] if [Madhavan] approved it … because he was
going to play golf that day” [emphasis in original omitted] (see _Ong Chow
Hong_ at [9], referring to the agreed statement of facts in that case). The
High Court held that Ong CH’s conduct was “nothing short of a serious lapse in
entirely abdicating his corporate responsibilities” (see _Ong Chow Hong_ at
[28]). _Ong Chow Hong_ is also helpful for its clarification that the
disqualification regime in Singapore is “ _protective_ in nature” [emphasis
added] (see _Ong Chow Hong_ at [21]). The disqualification regime is meant to
protect the public from both the individual director in question as _well as_
errant directors in general (see _Ong Chow Hong_ at [22]–[23]).

190 In comparison to Ong CH, who (as just mentioned) was disqualified for 24
months for serious dereliction of his duties as a director, Chong’s conduct
can be said to be far more serious as he abused his office as a director to
trade in Airocean shares using inside information which he had acquired _qua_
director. For these reasons, I do not propose to disturb the DJ’s order to
disqualify Chong from acting as a director or being involved in the management
of any company for a period of five years. The five-year disqualification
period will begin today.

Conclusion

191 In summary, my decision in these appeals is as follows:

(a) The appeals in MA 1/2011 (Madhavan’s appeal against his conviction and
sentence) and MA 13/2011 (Ong’s appeal against his conviction and sentence)
are allowed. The convictions, sentences and disqualification orders of
Madhavan and Ong are set aside.

(b) The appeal in MA 10/2011 (Chong’s appeal against his conviction and
sentence) is allowed to the extent that Chong’s conviction and sentence for
the Non-disclosure Charges and the Misleading Disclosure Charges are set
aside. Chong’s appeal is, however, dismissed where his conviction on the
Insider Trading Charges is concerned. As for the sentence to be imposed on
Chong for his insider trading offences, I set aside the custodial sentences
imposed by the DJ and order that Chong be sentenced as follows instead:

(i) District Arrest Case No 34240 of 2008 (sale of 1,000,000 Airocean shares)
– fine of $100,000 (in default, ten months’ imprisonment);

(ii) District Arrest Case No 34241 of 2008 (sale of 500,000 Airocean shares) –
fine of $50,000 (in default, five months’ imprisonment); and

(iii) District Arrest Case No 34242 of 2008 (sale of 515,000 Airocean shares)
– fine of $50,000 (in default, five months’ imprisonment).

(a) However, I uphold the disqualification order imposed on Chong by the DJ.
The five-year disqualification period will begin today.

* * *

[note: 1]See, for example, Record of Proceedings (“ROP”) Vol 1 at pp 3–4.

[note: 2]See, for example, ROP Vol 1 at p 2.

[note: 3]See, for example, ROP Vol 1 at pp 8–9.

[note: 4]See ROP Vol 10 at p 6722.

[note: 5]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5524.

[note: 6]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5525.

[note: 7]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5555.

[note: 8]See ROP Vol 9 at p 6433.

[note: 9]_Ibid_.

[note: 10]_Ibid_.

[note: 11]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5373.

[note: 12]_Ibid_.

[note: 13]_Ibid_.

[note: 14]_Ibid_.

[note: 15]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5570.

[note: 16]See ROP Vol 9 at pp 6491–6492.

[note: 17]See ROP Vol 9 at pp 6556–6557.

[note: 18]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5382.

[note: 19]_Ibid_.

[note: 20]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5383.

[note: 21]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5384.

[note: 22]_Ibid_.

[note: 23]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5386.

[note: 24]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5389.

[note: 25]See, _inter alia_ , ROP Vol 1 at p 3.

[note: 26]See Chong’s written submissions for MA 10/2011 at pp 106–107.

[note: 27]See ROP Vol 8 at pp 5456–5457.

[note: 28]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5456.

[note: 29]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5458.

[note: 30]_Ibid_.

[note: 31]_Ibid_.

[note: 32]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5459.

[note: 33]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5460.

[note: 34]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5457.

[note: 35]_Ibid_.

[note: 36]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5461.

[note: 37]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5457.

[note: 38]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5461.

[note: 39]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5457.

[note: 40]See ROP Vol 8 at pp 5462–5464.

[note: 41]See the Prosecution’s skeletal arguments at paras 82–86.

[note: 42]See the Prosecution’s reply submissions at paras 13–17.

[note: 43]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5524.

[note: 44]_Ibid_.

[note: 45]See Madhavan’s Skeletal Arguments at para 737(b).

[note: 46]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5525.

[note: 47]See ROP Vol 9 at p 6433.

[note: 48]_Ibid_.

[note: 49]_Ibid_.

[note: 50]_Ibid_.

[note: 51]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5373.

[note: 52]_Ibid_.

[note: 53]See ROP Vol 8 at p 5463.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jul 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

