Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Public Prosecutor _v_ Fonda Global Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2012] SGHC 222

Case Number| :| Magistrate's Appeal No 30 of 2012 (EMA 100 of 2011)  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 30 October 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Choo Han Teck J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Hee Joek (Tan See Swan & Co) for the appellant; Tan
Beng Swee (CTLC Law Corporation) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  Public Prosecutor — Fonda Global Engineering Pte Ltd  
  
30 October 2012|  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 Fonda Global Engineering Pte Ltd (“the respondent”) pleaded guilty in the
court below to an offence under s 85(2) read with s 85(3) of the Electricity
Act (Cap 89A, 2002 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). The respondent was appointed by the
Land Transport Authority as the main contractor for a project to install and
maintain street lighting and commuter facilities equipment. The respondent
caused Maha Arul Sithi Construction & Engineering Pte Ltd (“Maha Arul”) to
carry out earthworks by sinking earth rods into the ground. In doing so
without first digging trial holes to verify the absence of electricity cables,
a 230kV high voltage cable and a 66kV high voltage auxiliary cable were
damaged. The District Judge imposed a fine of $60,000 on the respondent.
Dissatisfied with the sentence imposed, the Public Prosecutor appealed. When
the appeal came before me on 6 July 2012, I adjourned the hearing pending my
decision in _Khian Heng Construction (Pte) Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2012]
SGHC 141 (“ _Khian Heng_ ”). In _Khian Heng_ , I made clear that s 85(2) of
the Act imposes liability only on the party who had directly damaged the high
voltage electricity cable. A party who had not directly damaged the high
voltage electricity cable could only be held equally liable in an agency
context and this was contemplated by s 85(3) of the Act; otherwise, a main
contractor could not be liable under s 85(2) for damage done to high voltage
electricity cables by its sub-contractor. The charge in the present case
discloses this agency context — the respondent was charged with an offence
under s 85(2) read with s 85(3) of the Act. However, while the charge
described Maha Arul as the “agent” of the respondent, the Statement of Facts
only referred to Maha Arul as the “sub-contractor” of the respondent. This
might have warranted the setting aside of the conviction, but because when the
appeal came back before me, Mr Tan Beng Swee, counsel for the respondent,
informed the court that his client was willing to accept that Maha Arul were
in fact its agent and not merely a sub-contractor, I proceeded on the basis
that the conviction was regular. I did, however, warn that because the
distinction between an agent and a mere sub-contractor was a critical one in
such cases, counsel in future prosecutions ought to make sure that the charge
and the Statement of Facts are properly aligned in this regard.

2 Counsel for the appellant, Mr Tan Hee Joek (“Mr Tan”), submitted that the
District Judge had not adequately considered the principle of deterrence in
coming to his decision on the sentence. In particular, heavy reliance was
placed on Parliament’s increasing the maximum penalty in the 1996 Public
Utilities Act (the predecessor of the Act) fivefold from $200,000 to the
current $1 million in 1999 to underpin the argument that the present offence
warrants the imposition of a deterrent punishment. Mr Tan cited the speech of
then Minister for Trade and Industry, BG George Yeo, during the Second Reading
of the Public Utilities (Amendment) Bill 1999 (Bill 29 of 1999) (_Singapore
Parliamentary Debates_ , _Official Report_ (18 August 1999) vol 70 at cols
2160–2161):

Feedback from industry indicates that companies, particularly those in high-
tech industries which rely heavily on sensitive computerised control systems,
have been adversely affected by voltage dips in their power supply. Voltage
dips, unlike power outages or blackouts, are momentary reductions of the
voltage levels in the power supply system, which can disrupt the functions of
sensitive computerised control systems.

Voltage dips occur some 25-30 times a year. They have a severe impact on some
industries, particularly high-tech, process industries like the wafer
fabrication industry. According to the Economic Development Board (EDB),
voltage dip-related losses suffered by five high-tech companies between August
1997 and November 1998 amounted to some $3 million. This figure does not
include the cost of production downtime, labour and delayed product
deliveries. The production downtime can amount to as much as 10% of the
monthly output of a wafer fabrication company.

...

The serious consequence to the economy as a result of damage to high-voltage
cables makes a severe penalty necessary. A deterrent penalty of $1 million is
therefore proposed for damage to a high-voltage cable. Section 107(3) [of the
1996 Public Utilities Act] will be amended to enhance the current fine of
$200,000 to $1 million. The enhanced fine is the same as that provided under
the Telecommunications Authority of Singapore Act for damaging telephone
cables. At the present level of penalty, some contractors are tempted to risk
hitting a cable rather than suffer project delay and payment of liquidated
damages. A fine of $1 million will deter such behaviour irresponsible
behaviour.

Mr Tan’s argument was one which had been rejected in _JS Metal Pte Ltd v
Public Prosecutor_ [2011] 4 SLR 671. The learned Chief Justice in that case
explained that while the prescribed maximum fine of $1 million under s 32A(2)
of the Gas Act (Cap 116A, 2002 Rev Ed) had an element of deterrent punishment,
it did not follow that every offence under that provision must be punished
with a deterrent sentence. It must be borne in mind that sentences at or
nearer to the prescribed maximum punishment are reserved for the most serious
of cases, such as where great losses are caused to industry (as envisaged by
the Minister). The present case is not such a case. The Statement of Facts
disclosed only losses resulting from damage to a central chiller belonging to
SIM University amounting to $9,000. This was thus not such an egregious case
as to warrant the imposition of a strong deterrent sentence. Mr Tan further
relied on the fact that the damage to the cables in the present case cost some
$393,706.83 to repair. I would agree with the District Judge that while the
cost of the damage to the cable was a relevant factor, it is not a predominant
one in justifying a deterrent sentence. If at all Parliament’s intention (as
disclosed by the above quoted speech by the Minister) was for a deterrent
sentence to be imposed on all offences under s 85(2), it would be because of
the damage such breaches caused to industry, and not because of the damage
caused to the cable itself _per se_. Further, the respondent had in the
present case paid the $393,706.83 in repair costs, and this puts Mr Tan’s
reliance on the high repair costs to justify the imposition of a deterrent
sentence in a paradoxical position, because it could equally be said that the
payment in itself served as effective deterrence, at the very least to the
respondent not to be careless again.

3 Mr Tan further relied on the High Court decision of _Public Prosecutor v
Hock Lian Seng Infrastructure Limited_ (Magistrate’s Appeal No 278 of 2011) (“
_Hock Lian Seng_ ”) where the learned Chao Hick Tin JA allowed the
Prosecution’s appeal in respect of the sentence for an offence under s 85(2)
of the Act, increasing the fine from $10,000 to $50,000. Comparisons were
drawn between _Hock Lian Seng_ and the present case. For instance, it was
suggested that the cost of repair to the damaged cables was nearly one hundred
times more in the present case. It has not been argued that the higher repair
costs in this case is suggestive of a proportionately greater extent of damage
having been caused; in the present case, the bare fact of higher repair costs
does not compel the court to the conclusion a higher fine should be imposed.
Furthermore, the fact of the high repair costs was not something which was
raised in the Statement of Facts, but highlighted only through the
respondent’s plea in mitigation. Neither was there anything in the Statement
of Facts to suggest the severity of damage caused to the cables. Next, it was
also submitted that as compared to _Hock Lian Seng_ , there were two other
charges for offences under ss 80(1)(a) and 80(1)(b) of the Act to be taken
into consideration for the determining and passing of sentence in the present
case. Nevertheless, in all the circumstances, although in _Hock Lian Seng_ the
fine was increased fivefold on appeal, and the District Judge in the present
case did not have the benefit of the knowing the result of the _Hock Lian
Seng_ appeal when he passed the present sentence, that does not in itself
compel the conclusion that the fine in the present case was manifestly
inadequate so as to require an enhancement.

4 The appeal was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Oct 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

