Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Trans-Cab Services Pte Ltd _v_ Smart Automobile Pte Ltd and another  
[2012] SGHC 110

Case Number| :| Suit No 755 of 2010  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 22 May 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Tay Yong Kwang J  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) and Lim Khoon
(Lim Hua Yong LLP) for the plaintiff; Anthony Soh (Engelin Teh Practice LLC)
for the defendants.  
Parties| :|  Trans-Cab Services Pte Ltd — Smart Automobile Pte Ltd and another  
  
22 May 2012|  
---|---  
  
Tay Yong Kwang J:

Introduction

1 This case concerns an agreement for the plaintiff to buy over from the
defendants a company which owns two compressed natural gas (“CNG”) refueling
stations in Singapore for $25m. The defendants are the only shareholders of
the said company. A “good faith deposit” of $1m was paid by the plaintiff to
the defendants for this purpose. However, the sale was not completed and the
plaintiff wanted a refund of the $1m. The issue for decision is whether or not
the “good faith deposit” is refundable in the circumstances of this case.

2 After hearing the parties’ submissions, I held that the plaintiff succeeded
its claim for the refund of the $1m and the defendants failed in their
counterclaim in respect of three matters.

Statement of agreed facts

3 On the first day of trial, after some discussions, the parties decided that
there was no real factual dispute and agreed to proceed on a question of
interpretation of contract based on a set of agreed facts. They produced a
statement of agreed facts the next day. The following facts emerged from that
statement:

4 The defendants own Smart Energy Pte Ltd (“the Company”), holding 100% of the
6,000,001 shares of the Company. At all material times, the plaintiff was
represented by Teo Kiang Ang (“Teo”), who is the majority shareholder of the
plaintiff and of Union Energy Corporation Pte Ltd (“Union Energy”). The first
defendant was represented by Johnny Harjantho (“Harjantho”) and the second
defendant was represented by William Aw (“Aw”).

5 Part of Union Energy’s business includes the retail of CNG in Singapore.
Both Union Energy and the Company are supplied CNG by Gas Supply Pte Ltd
(“GSPL”), a company owned by Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited. Apart from
Union Energy and the Company, the only other company registered as a retailer
of CNG in Singapore is Sembcorp Gas Pte Ltd.

6 Part of the plaintiff’s taxi fleet runs on CNG supplied by Union Energy
while part of the first defendant’s taxi fleet runs on CNG supplied mainly by
the Company. Union Energy has one CNG refueling station in Singapore (in Old
Toh Tuck Road) while the Company has two (one at Mandai Link and the other at
Serangoon North).

7 In early April 2010, Teo asked Harjantho about the possibility of the
plaintiff buying over the two stations owned by the Company. Harjantho and Aw
discussed this matter and offered to sell the Company to Teo for S$32 million.
A counter offer of $25 million was made by Teo, which the parties eventually
agreed on, on the basis that Teo would buy 100% of the issued and paid up
shares in the Company (“the Sale Shares”) and consequently buy the two
stations. This agreement essentially allowed the plaintiff to acquire the
Company along with its assets and businesses as they were at that point in
time, excluding any receivables and deposits up to the completion date of the
acquisition (which would belong to the defendants) as well as any debts of the
Company up to the date of completion (which the defendants would have to
settle).

Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)

8 Initially, the defendants wanted the $1m deposit to be paid on a non-
refundable basis. After some discussions and four draft MOUs, the parties
executed the MOU on 16 April 2010, Clause 3 of which reads:

3.1 The Purchase Price payable by the Purchaser to the Vendors for the Sale
Shares shall be cash of S$25,000,000 (Twenty Five Million Dollars Only).

3.2 The Purchaser shall at the time of the execution of this MOU, pay to the
Vendors a good faith deposit of S$1,000,000 (One Million Dollars) (“the
Deposit) in the following manner:-

To SAPL: $500,000

To BSPL: $500,000

3.3 In the event that the parties enter into a definitive Sale and Purchase
Agreement, the Deposit shall be applied towards part payment of the Purchase
Price.

3.4 If the parties fail to enter into a definitive Sale and Purchase Agreement
by 30 April 2010 the Deposit shall be refunded by the Vendors to the
Purchasers within seven (7) days.

3.5 If the Purchaser is allowed, under the terms of the Sale and Purchase
Agreement not to complete the sale and purchase of shares and elects not to
complete, the Deposit shall be refunded by the Vendors to the Purchasers
within seven (7) days of such election

9 Other key clauses of the MOU state:

Recital (D): The parties intend to enter into this MOU in order to govern
their relationship prior to the execution of the definitive documentation for
the sale and purchase of the Shares.

4.3 Except where otherwise agreed by the parties, all liabilities of the
Company (including all indebtedness due and owing by the Company to its
related corporations, directors and shareholders) shall be fully settled on or
before the Completion Date.

4.5 The completion of the sale and purchase shall be conditional upon the
satisfactory results from a legal and financial due diligence exercise
undertaken on the Company.

4.7 The completion of the sale and purchase shall be conditional upon the
Vendors obtaining all the necessary consents (where applicable and necessary)
from Gas Supply Pte Ltd (“GSPL”) before the Completion Date to ensure that
GSPL will continue with all their existing agreements with the Company for the
supply of CNG after completion.

6 During the term of this MOU, the Vendors shall not take any action either
alone or with any third party, to solicit or enter into any understanding,
contracts or agreements with any third party with the intention of entering
into any transaction similar to that specified in Clause 1.1 above and shall
negotiate exclusively with the Purchasers in relation to the subject matter of
this MOU.

7 This MOU shall be valid for a period of fourteen days from the date hereof,
unless terminated earlier or extended by the mutual consent of the parties.
This MOU shall be superseded to the extent that any definitive agreement is
made between the Vendors and the Purchaser in relation to the subject matter
herein.

9 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with this MOU, including any
question regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be referred
to and finally resolved by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the
Arbitration Rules of Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”)
for the time being in force which rules are deemed to be incorporated by
reference to this clause. The tribunal shall consist of one arbitrator to be
appointed by the Chairman of SIAC.

10 It was agreed that payment would be made in two stages: S$1 million to be
paid as a refundable “good faith deposit” upon the signing of the MOU and the
balance of S$24 million to be paid upon the completion of the transfer of all
the Sale Shares. Accordingly, the Plaintiff paid S$500,000 to each of the two
defendants (S$1 million in total) when the MOU was signed[note: 1]. The
plaintiff commenced the legal and financial due diligence exercise on the
Company on the day the MOU was signed. It asked for the CNG supply agreement
with GSPL, the JTC leases and valuation of the defendants’ two stations and
relevant licenses and permits for the Company’s business[note: 2].

11 On 22 April 2010, the defendants informed the plaintiff that the documents
asked for would be sent after the share purchase agreement was signed. On 23
April 2010, Aw sent an email to the defendants’ then solicitors and the
plaintiff’s solicitors stating that the Company would need to request GSPL
officially for permission to release information on the CNG supply agreement.
On 26 April 2010, the defendants sent an email to the plaintiffs attaching
copies of the Building Agreements between the Jurong Town Corporation and the
Company with respect to its two stations. On27 April 2010[note: 3], the
defendants wrote to GSPL to request permission to release information to the
plaintiff regarding their CNG supply agreement with GSPL. On 17 May 2010, GSPL
wrote the Company objecting to the disclosure of the Terminated GRA to any
prospective buyers. However GSPL agreed to disclose the letter dated 5 April
2010[note: 4] for the interim supply of gas to the plaintiff, subject to the
Plaintiff providing a written confidentiality undertaking.

Share Purchase Agreement (SPA)

12 On 21 April 2010, the plaintiff sent an email to the defendants, attaching
the first draft of the Share Purchase Agreement[note: 5] (“the SPA”) for
comment. On 30 April 2010, after some negotiations on the terms, the SPA was
executed by the parties with the following key clauses:

Recital (D): Pursuant to a Memorandum of Understanding dated 16th April 2010
entered into between the Parties, the Purchaser has paid the Vendors a good
faith deposit of S$1,000,000 that will be applied towards the purchase price
for the Sale Shares.

3.1 The Consideration for the sale of the Sale Shares shall be the sum of
S$25,000,000 payable by the Purchaser to the Vendors as follows:-

(a) the sum of S$1,000,000 being good faith deposit (“the Deposit”) paid
pursuant to the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding dated 16 April 2010
between the Parties; and

(b) the sum of S$24,000,000 shall be paid in cash on Completion in accordance
with Clause 5.3.

4.1 Completion is conditional upon:

(a) the Purchaser being satisfied with the results of the legal and financial
due diligence exercise carried out on the Company;

(h) the Vendors obtaining all the necessary consents and approvals from Gas
Supply Pte Ltd to ensure the continuation of the supply of compressed natural
gas to the CNG Stations after the Completion Date notwithstanding the
transaction contemplated herein;

(k) the Company settling all its liabilities on or before the Completion Date
(including without limitation, any liabilities arising from the termination of
the employment of the Employees);

(l) the Company as at the Completion Date having no indebtedness to any party
(including but not limited to, its related corporations, directors and
shareholders);

(m) all existing services contracts between the Company and third parties
being subsisting and in full force and effect as at Completion Date and none
of such services contracts being capable of being terminated by reason of the
transaction contemplated herein;

(n) no notice or other indication (whether written, verbal, contingent or
otherwise) from any third parties of an intent to terminate or request
material concession with respect to any service contract with the Company or
to otherwise terminate or curtail in any material respect any of their
business dealings or relationships with the Company;

(p) there being no material adverse change (as reasonably determined by the
Purchaser) in the financial condition of the Company occurring on or before
the Completion Date;

4.3 If any of the conditions set out in Clause 4.1 shall not have been
fulfilled (or waived in accordance with Clause 4.2) on or before the
Completion Date or such other date as the Parties shall mutually agree, this
Agreement and everything herein contained shall cease to be of any effect
except clauses 1, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 12, which shall remain in full force and
effect.

7.1 The Vendors shall severally procure that, from the date of this Agreement
until Completion (subject to any express instructions from the Purchaser), the
Company will carry on business only in the ordinary course consistent with
past practices.

7.2 Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 7.1, the Vendors jointly and
severally undertake to procure that, from the date of this Agreement until
Completion, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of the
Purchaser:

(a) enter into or vary any contract or assume any liability;

…

7.5 Vendors shall procure that the Company repays all indebtedness of the
Company (including all indebtedness to banks and financial institutions) on or
before the Completion Date. Subject to such repayment, the Purchaser agrees
and undertakes to discharge all guarantees and indemnities given by the
Vendors or the Vendors’ directors in relation to the Company’s indebtedness.

8.1 Each Party to the Agreement undertakes with the other Party that it will
not (save as required by law or by any securities exchange or any supervisory
or regulatory body to whose rules any Party to the Agreement is subject) make
any announcement in connection with this Agreement unless the other Party
shall have given its consent to such announcement (which consent may be given
either generally or in a specific case or cases and may be subject to
conditions).

8.2 Each Party to this Agreement undertakes with the other Party that it shall
treat as strictly confidential all information received or obtained by it or
its employees, agents or advisers as a result of entering into or performing
the Agreement including information relating to the provisions of this
Agreement, the negotiations leading up to this Agreement, the subject matter
of this Agreement or the business or affairs of the Vendors, the Company or
the Purchaser, and subject to the provisions of Clause 8.3, that it will not
at any time hereafter make use of or disclose or divulge to any person any
such information and shall use its best endeavours to prevent the publication
or disclosure of any such information.

10.2 This Agreement (together with any documents referred to herein or
executed contemporaneously by the Parties in connection herewith) constitutes
the whole agreement between the Parties hereto and supersedes any previous
agreements or arrangements between them relating to the subject matter hereof
and it is expressly declared that no variations hereof shall be effective
unless made in writing signed by duly authorized representatives of the
Parties.

13 In the course of the due diligence exercise, the defendants forwarded its
financial statements and accounts to the plaintiff and its response to a due
diligence questionnaire[note: 6] (“Due Diligence Questionnaire”). On 3 May
2010, the plaintiff asked for the CNG supply agreement between GSPL and the
Company[note: 7].

Letters from GSPL

14 On 8 July 2010, the defendants disclosed the letter dated 5 April 2010 from
GSPL to the Company for the interim supply of gas. The letter states:

We refer to our letter dated 23 March 2010 wherein we have inter alia,
terminated the Gas Retail Agreement between GSL and SMART dated 22 May 2007
(“the Terminated GRA”) with immediate effect.

Following your subsequent payment to us for the sum demanded in the said
letter within the stipulated timeframe and your expressed wish to enter into a
new gas retail agreement (the “New GRA”) for the continual supply of gas to
your business, GSPL and SMART are currently in the midst of negotiating the
terms of the New GRA.

Notwithstanding that GSPL would have discharged its obligation to supply Gas
under the Terminated GRA by 7 April 2010, GSPL is willing to continue
supplying Gas to SMART from the Start Date (defined below) until the Expiry
Date (defined below) or until GSPL terminates this Letter (“the Interim
Period”) on the following principle terms:-

1\. Start Date: “Start Date” shall mean 01 April 2010

2\. Expiry Date: Expiry Date shall mean the date on which the Condition
Precedents are fulfilled.

3\. Condition Precedents: Conditions to the expiry of this Letter shall
include:-

(i) payment of all outstanding amounts incurred under the Terminated GRA
including interests, if any;

(ii) execution of the New GRA; and

(iii) provision by SMART to GSPL of the requisite security deposit and/or bank
guarantee under the new GRA.

…

10\. Suspension: In the event that SMART defaults in its payment in full of
the amount due under a Weekly Statement by the respective Due Date, GSPL shall
have the right to suspend immediately delivery of gas under this Letter and
terminate this Letter without further notice to SMART.

11\. Termination: Subject to paragraph 10 hereinabove, GSPL may in its sole
and absolute discretion and for whatever reason, terminate this Letter upon
giving SMART at least three (3) days’ notice.

Upon termination of the Letter and if no New GRA has been executed by then,
SMART shall, in addition to all outstanding sums owing under the Terminated
GRA and the Letter, be liable to pay to GSPL the Early Termination Sum and
Termination Fee payable under the Terminated GRA.

...

We hereby expressly reserve all our rights under the Terminated GRA.

15 On 9 July 2010, the defendants disclosed a letter dated 23 March 2010 from
GSPL to the Company setting out the notice of termination of the GRA, the
relevant paragraphs of which are:

2\. You have as such failed, refused and/or neglected to fulfill your payment
obligations to us in respect of gas delivered to you from 1 to 31 January 2010
under the GRA. Accordingly we hereby terminate the GRA with immediate effect
pursuant to GC 17.1 of the GRA.

3\. Pursuant to GC 17.6 of the GRA we hereby give you notice of our intention
to suspend and cease delivery of Gas under the GRA on 30 March 2010

6\. Please take note that you are also liable to pay to us the Early
Termination Sum and Termination Fee pursuant to GC 17.7 and this letter shall
constitute the requisite notice referenced at GC 11.4. Accordingly the Early
Termination Sum and Termination Fee shall be due and payable on 6 April 2010.
The Early Termination Sum based on an average HSFO price for the preceding 12
months from March 2009 to February 2010 of 406.950 USD/MT, is USD 746,473.54.
We shall provide details of the Termination Fee in the invoice referenced at
paragraph 5 hereinabove.

7\. Notwithstanding the above WE HEREBY DEMAND that you pay to us the
outstanding amount of USD 226,793.00 together with all interests incurred
within seven (7) days of the date of this letter (i.e. by Tuesday, 30 March
2010). Please note that any payment by you of the amounts demanded herein
shall not in anyway compromise or change our positions and intentions set out
at paragraphs 2, 3 and 6 hereinabove.

Due Diligence Questionnaire

16 Financial and legal due diligence were carried out by different teams
appointed by the plaintiff. Prior to disclosure of the abovementioned two
letters dated 23 March 2010 and 5 April 2010 from GSPL, the defendants gave
the following answers to the Due Diligence Questionnaire provided on 11 June
2010 prior to the disclosure of the abovementioned two letters:

4\. Has the Company entered into any agreements or arrangements, which are
subject to termination or variation, require prior consent or notification, or
will be contravened or otherwise affected by the transfer of shares of the
Company.

Answer: Yes.

If yes, please provide copies of the agreement and/or details of arrangements

INFORMATION OF GSPL AGREEMENT CANNOT BE REVEALED WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF GSPL.

5\. Has the Company received any correspondences or documentation evidencing
details or threat of any non-compliance by the Company in respect of any
agreements or contract (whether reduced in writing or otherwise) entered into
by the Company.

Answer: Yes.

If yes, please provide documentation evidencing details.

INFORMATION WILL ONLY BE GIVEN IF GSPL GIVES APPROVAL OF THE SAME.

17 The defendants did not provide a copy of the Terminated GRA to the
plaintiff. There was a letter dated 17 May 2010 from GSPL. It was decided by
Assistant Registrar Crystal Tan (in Summons No. 2259/2011/9) and on appeal
before Philip Pillai J (in RA 208/2011/F) that the Terminated GRA need not be
produced by the defendants for the purposes of the trial because of the
confidentiality issue raised by GSPL.

Plaintiff’s Election Not to Complete

18 In a letter dated 16 August 2010[note: 8] (wrongly dated as 2 August 2010)
from the plaintiff’s solicitors Lim Hua Yong to the defendants’ then
solicitors Lau & Gur, the plaintiff informed the defendants that it was not
going ahead with the completion of the sale and purchase of shares on the
basis that the defendants had failed to fulfill some conditions precedent of
the SPA. The plaintiff also asked for the return of the S$1m deposit.

19 On or about 15 October 2010, UOB debited $20,000 from the Company’s account
for payment of a facility fee[note: 9].

Plaintiff’s case

The $1m deposit is refundable

20 Following negotiations leading to the MOU, it was agreed by the parties
that the $1m deposit would be refundable and this was eventually set out in
the MOU. The SPA, signed 14 days later, did not change that, much less suggest
that the plaintiff would have to pay the huge amount of $1m to conduct a due
diligence exercise. After all, the due diligence exercise could have proved to
be wholly unsatisfactory, as was the case here.

21 It was apparent from Clause 3.1 of the SPA that the $1m would form part of
the consideration for the shares. Hence, without the transfer of the shares,
there would be a total failure of consideration. Moreover, it was also clear
that the plaintiff was primarily concerned with the continuity of CNG supply
from GSPL. Given the defendants’ failure to produce a GRA with GSPL to ensure
this continuity and with the Letter of Termination and the Interim Arrangement
by GSPL falling short of the condition precedent in the SPA Clause 4.1 (h),
(m) and (n), the plaintiff submitted that it was entitled to rescind the
agreement and to receive the refund of the $1m deposit because of total
failure of consideration.

Bad faith

22 The bad faith on the part of the defendants could be demonstrated from the
following:

(a) Signing an MOU without disclosing the termination of the GRA, while
knowing full well the importance of the continuity of CNG supply to the
plaintiff;

(b) Not getting a new GRA and asking that the plaintiff negotiate directly
with GSPL for a new GRA when the MOU (at Clause 4.7) and the SPA (at Condition
4(h)) both clearly imposed that obligation on “the Vendors”;

(c) Disclosing GSPL’s letters of termination and the interim arrangement only
after a 12-week delay from the signing of the MOU even though these were
critical documents. Had the plaintiff been aware of the termination, the
plaintiff would not have signed the MOU, much less paid the $1m deposit
directly to the defendants (as opposed to paying their solicitors as
stakeholders); and

(d) Asserting that the $1m good faith deposit was “non-refundable” in spite of
the fact that such a term was never used in the SPA and was contrary to the
specific terms of the MOU as well.

23 Hence, the plaintiff prayed for the $1m deposit to be returned with
interest thereon running from 23 August 2010, i.e. 7 days after the letter
dated 16 August 2010, together with costs (including costs of the summary
judgment applications).

Defendants’ case

There exists no clause in the SPA that allows for a refund

24 The defendants submitted that the plaintiff’s reliance on Clause 3.5 of the
MOU as a basis for the refund was incorrect. Clause 7.1 of the MOU clearly
stated that the MOU would only be valid for fourteen days unless extended
(which did not happen) and that it would be superseded by any subsequent
definitive agreement. This would have taken place on 30 April 2010 when the
parties signed the SPA. Moreover, considering Clause 10.2 of the SPA which
stated that the SPA “supersedes any previous agreements or arrangements
between them relating to the subject matter hereof”, quite clearly the SPA was
the only contract that governed the parties.

25 The SPA itself did not contain any provision for the refund of the S$1m at
all. By trying to read an entire paragraph from the MOU into the SPA, the
plaintiff was trying to “add” to or to “vary” the SPA, an act clearly
prohibited by the presence of an ‘Entire Agreement Clause’. Given that the SPA
was first drafted by the plaintiff’s solicitors, such a refund clause could
easily have been inserted by them. No amount of pre-MOU negotiations could
negate the fact that there was no provision in the SPA for a refund.

26 To rely on some parts of the superseded MOU and incorporate them into the
SPA would amount to cherry-picking on the plaintiff’s part, an act contrary to
the principle of having finality in agreements. Relying on only one clause of
the MOU regarding the refund, the plaintiff ignored the rest of the MOU,
including parts like Recital (D) which expressly stated that the MOU only
governed the parties’ relationship prior to the execution of the definitive
documentation for the sale and purchase. Clause 9 of the MOU also stated that
all disputes arising out of or in connection with the MOU should be resolved
by way of arbitration, yet the plaintiff chose to commence this suit.

27 The defendants also argued that even if the plaintiff could show its
entitlement to elect not to proceed with the completion of the purchase, based
on the conditions precedent listed in Clause 4.1 of the SPA not being
fulfilled, there was still nothing in the SPA that provided for a refund of
the $1m.

Conditions Precedent

28 The plaintiff based its right to rescind the SPA on the fact that sometime
in February or March 2010, the Company had failed to make payment in time for
the supply of CNG from GSPL, which eventually caused GSPL to terminate the
existing GRA and replace it with interim supply arrangements. In response the
defendants submitted that the 4 clauses relied on by the plaintiff, namely
Clause 4.1 (a), (h), (m) and (n), were not triggered for the following
reasons:

(a) Upon receiving the letter dated 23 March 2010 from GSPL stating that the
GRA was going to be terminated, the Company paid up all the outstanding sums
owed within the stipulated 7 days, further providing a US$200,000 deposit.
Subsequently, the interim supply arrangements were confirmed via a letter
dated 5 April 2010;

(b) Given that the MOU was only entered on 16 April 2010, any terminated GRA
prior to the 5 April 2010 letter should not be relevant to the plaintiff under
the SPA. Accordingly there was no contractual obligation on the defendants’
part to have in place terms of the old GRAs for the purpose of completion
contemplated by the SPA; and

(c) The defendants were as open with the plaintiff as they could be legally
and had no intention of hiding anything. GSPL objected to disclosing the
letter of termination of the previous GRA and subsequent court applications by
the plaintiff for its disclosure were also disallowed. Further, the delay in
disclosing the 5 April 2010 letter containing the interim supply arrangements
was due to GSPL’s instructions that a written undertaking be procured from the
plaintiff first.

(d) In relation to the plaintiff’s claim under Clause 4.1 (h) of the SPA, the
existence of the 5 April 2010 letter stating the interim arrangements and the
events which took place in July and August 2010 were sufficient to show that
all the necessary consents and approvals from GSPL to ensure the continuation
of CNG supply to the Company were obtained due to the following reasons:

(i) Where the plaintiff was buying 100% of the shares, legally there would be
no change of entity involved, as far as the 5 April 2010 letter was concerned,
since the Company would still be a party to that letter even after the
plaintiff takes over. Hence no consent or approval would be necessary from
GSPL;

(ii) There were no prohibitions in the 5 April 2010 letter to stop the
defendants from selling all the shares in the Company and neither was there
any mention of termination or a contractual end date. Arguably the
arrangements were quite permanent despite the term “interim” being used;

(iii) Even if GSPL’s consent was necessary, the parties’ correspondence from
15 July 2010 to 27 August 2010 showed such consent. Moreover, the fact that
GSPL wanted to meet the plaintiff to work out a new GRA showed its consent to
continue supplying CNG after the ownership change of the Company. Since the
plaintiff refused to meet GSPL, the blame could not fall on the defendants;

(iv) The SPA did not require the defendants to procure a new GRA, much less
one that was on terms satisfactory to the plaintiff. The SPA requirement for
“continuation of CNG supply” is different from “continuity” which connotes a
longer and uninterrupted supply of gas; and

(v) There was nothing in evidence that would have caused the plaintiff to
think that GSPL would not consent to a continuation of the gas supply till
after the date of completion.

(e) In relation to the plaintiff’s claim under Clause 4.1(a) that the
plaintiff must be satisfied with the results of the due diligence, even though
the defendants admitted that there may be some ambiguity in reading Clauses 10
and 11 of the 5 April 2010 letter together, the plaintiff failed to use the
opportunity to clarify the meaning directly with GSPL when it was offered the
meeting. The plaintiff’s refusal to meet GSPL was unreasonable and hence it
had no objective basis for taking the position that it was not satisfied with
the results of the due diligence exercise;

(f) Since the interim arrangements contained in the 5 April 2010 letter were
still subsisting and in full force at the date when the MOU was executed and
those arrangements were not capable of being terminated by reason of the
purchase of the Sale Shares, arguably the plaintiff’s claim under Clause 4.1
(m) must fail too; and

(g) Given the subsisting interim arrangements and the absence of any further
notice or other indication from GSPL that those arrangements would be
terminated or modified, the plaintiff did not have a claim under Clause 4.1
(n) either.

Not a case of total failure of consideration

29 Firstly, since the $1m was paid as a “good faith deposit”, it must
necessarily have been capable of being forfeited once the contract was
terminated by the depositor’s breach. This is due to the fact that deposits
are inherently forfeitable and whether there exists a right to its return
depends on the conditions of the contract (See _Howe v Smith_ (1884) 27 Ch D
89 at 97-98). Merely calling the sum paid a “deposit” did not entitle the
plaintiff to an automatic right of refund upon the failure to complete the
contract. Since the SPA did not expressly provide for a refund, the plaintiff
must show that it is entitled to such a refund.

30 Also, there was no total failure of consideration as the defendants had
performed their contractual duties by, among other things, furnishing
voluminous documents, many of which were confidential and sensitive in nature,
in response to the plaintiff’s due diligence exercise. Moreover, considering
the fact that the parties were rivals in the same business, the revelation of
internal management accounts and other confidential legal documents meant that
the plaintiff would now know how the defendants ran their business and how
much their cost centres incurred. Such an advantage to the plaintiff and its
corresponding detriment to the defendants could not be ignored.

The real reason for the plaintiff’s election not to complete

31 The defendants further submitted that the real reason for the plaintiff’s
non-completion of the SPA was its inability to secure sufficient
financing[note: 10]. In fact, subsequent to the execution of the SPA, the
plaintiff found other means of expanding its CNG business and hence decided
not to proceed with the purchase of the Sale Shares[note: 11].

Counterclaim

Confidentiality with regards to the Company’s tenant and Urban Redevelopment
Authority(“URA”)

32 The defendants submitted that pursuant to Clause 8 of the SPA, there were
confidentiality obligations owed between the parties and that such were
breached by the plaintiff. The plaintiff approached the Company’s tenant, Kar
Engineering Pte Ltd (“Kar Engineering”), at the gas refueling station at
Serangoon North Ave 5 and informed the tenant of the impending sale and
purchase of the Company, asking it to move elsewhere. In so doing, the
plaintiff caused loss and damages to the defendants. Additionally, the
defendants submitted that the same confidentiality obligations in Clause 8 of
the SPA were breached by the plaintiff’s exchange of letters with the URA as
the correspondence had nothing to do with the due diligence exercise. The URA
confirmed via letter that CWM Consulting Engineers had submitted redevelopment
plans for the station and that clearly went beyond an exercise to test if the
URA would grant permission for redevelopment. It was a submission for
reconstruction and it took place long before the scheduled completion date of
31 July 2010 without the approval of the defendants.

33 The plaintiff replied that there had been a tripartite agreement between
Kar Engineering, the plaintiff and the defendants, under which all parties
were aware of the fact that the plaintiff was going to buy over the Company.
There could not therefore be any breach of confidentiality. Further, the
inquiry sent to the URA was only about whether some alterations could be made
and that was part of the due diligence exercise.

Refusal to consent to repair works and conversion of trailers

34 After the SPA was executed, the defendants wanted to carry out repairs to a
component of the Company’s CNG system called the “HPU”. Pursuant to Clause 7
of the SPA, they had to obtain the written consent of the plaintiff but the
plaintiff withheld such consent. As such, the repairs could only take place
after the plaintiff’s alleged rescission of the SPA which resulted in more
loss and damages as it caused a loss in productivity in the CNG supply.

35 Additionally, after the SPA was executed, the defendants wanted to carry
out a conversion of two of the Company’s trailers to facilitate working with
the “NeoGas System” so that it could go into 24-hour operation. Once again,
the plaintiff refused to give the written consent required pursuant to Clause
7 of the SPA, resulting in loss and damages to the defendants.

36 The plaintiff replied that the defendants were duty-bound under Clause 7.1
of the SPA to carry on their business as per normal and carrying out repairs
to equipment was part of that business. There was therefore no need for its
consent to be obtained.

S$20,000 cancellation fee from United Overseas Bank (“UOB”)

37 The defendants were under an obligation to redeem all their loans from the
Company’s bank, UOB, as part of the sale and purchase exercise and the
necessary notification for the redemption of loan was given to UOB
accordingly. The plaintiff’s subsequent refusal to complete the sale and
purchase resulted in the defendants having to reinstate the bank loans and
having to pay a reinstatement fee of S$20,000 to UOB.

Decision of the court

38 In deciding whether the $1m deposit was refundable or not, it is important
to first determine whether the agreement set out in the MOU continued to be
binding upon the parties even after the SPA was executed. Based on Clause 3.5
of the MOU, it was clear that the deposit was refundable:

3.5 If the Purchaser is allowed, under the terms of the Sale and Purchase
Agreement, not to complete the sale and purchase of shares and elects not to
complete, the Deposit shall be refunded by thee Vendors to the Purchasers
within seven (7) days of such election.

39 While the MOU stated in Clause 7 that it “shall be superseded to the extent
that any definitive agreement is made between the Vendors and the Purchaser in
relation to the subject matter herein” and Recital (D) stated that “the
parties intend to enter into this MOU in order to govern their relationship
prior to the execution of the definitive documentation for the sale and
purchase of the Shares”, the MOU was not the last word on this matter.

40 The SPA itself contemplated other related agreements in Clause 10.2, the
‘Entire Agreement Clause’, which reads:

10.2 This Agreement (together with any documents _referred to herein_ or
executed contemporaneously by the Parties in connection herewith) _constitutes
the whole agreement_ between the Parties hereto and supersedes any previous
agreements or arrangements between them relating to the subject matter hereof
and it is expressly declared that no variations hereof shall be effective
unless made in writing signed by duly authorized representatives of the
Parties. [emphasis added]

41 The SPA specifically referred to the MOU at Recital D:

Pursuant to a Memorandum of Understanding dated 16th April 2010 entered into
between the Parties, the Purchaser has paid the Vendors a good faith deposit
of S$1,000,000 that will be applied towards the purchase price for the Sale
Shares.

42 It was also mentioned in Clause 3.1 of the SPA:

3.1 The Consideration for the sale of the Sale Shares shall be the sum of
S$25,000,000 payable by the Purchaser to the Vendors as follows:

(a) the sum of S$1,000,000 being the good faith deposit (the “Deposit”) paid
pursuant to the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding dated 16 April 2010
between the Parties; and

…

43 Hence, on the face of Clause 10.2 of the SPA, it was clear that the MOU,
being one of the documents referred to in the SPA, constituted part of the
whole agreement between the parties. This did not contradict Clause 7 of the
MOU, which simply meant that if and when inconsistencies arose between the SPA
and the MOU, it would be the SPA that prevailed. Clause 7 should not be read,
as the defendants argued, to mean that the MOU would be automatically and
completely extinguished upon the signing of the SPA. That would be an
unreasonably restrictive and narrow reading in the light of the SPA itself
mentioning the MOU.

44 This reading is consistent with cases like _D’Oz International Pte Ltd v
PSB Corp Pte Ltd_ [2010] SGHC 88, where Chan Sek Keong CJ held that a term
sheet and a preliminary agreement which were referred to in a franchise
agreement formed part of the parties’ legal agreement and that they should
have been given legal effect. This was so even though there was a similar
“entire, full and complete” agreement clause in the franchise agreement. Also,
in _Ng Giap Hon v Westcomb Securities Pte Ltd and other_ [2009] SGCA 19, the
Court of Appeal stated that it was “not prepared to state that an entire
agreement clause can never exclude the implication of terms into a contract”,
further adding that “for an entire agreement clause to have this effect, it
would need to express such effect in clear and unambiguous language”. On that
point, where the SPA is silent on whether or not the deposit is refundable,
Clause 10.2 of the SPA cannot be read to exclude the MOU entirely when the MOU
spelt out the parties’ agreement on an issue not mentioned in the SPA and
which issue is still alive and not spent.

45 In _Zurich Insurance (Singapore) Pte Ltd v B-Gold Interior Design &
Construction Pte Ltd_ [2008] SGCA 27, a permissive stance was taken by the
Court of Appeal towards extrinsic evidence which can explain and illuminate
written words of an agreement so that the court can better give effect to the
intention of the parties. Similarly, in _Lee Chee Wei v Tan Hor_ _Peow Victor
and others_ [2007] SGCA 22, it was held that “the courts will strive to give
effect to the parties’ expressed intent and their legitimate expectations. The
courts seek to honour the legitimate expectations that the parties hold when
they enter into a contract.” In the present case, the evidence of the parties’
negotiations leading to the execution of the MOU showed that the $1m was meant
to be a refundable deposit[note: 12] and to decide otherwise by excluding the
MOU would certainly defeat the parties’ legitimate expectations. It was
therefore from both the expressed intention and the negotiations that the MOU
was indeed still in force and binding upon the parties at least in so far as
the deposit was concerned.

46 Having decided the issue of whether the MOU was in force or not, I now
consider “if the Purchaser (was) allowed, under the terms of the Sale and
Purchase Agreement, not to complete the sale and purchase of shares” (Clause
3.5 of the MOU) in order to determine if a refund should be made by the
defendants.

47 The wording of Clause 4.1 (h) placed the onus on “the Vendors”, that is,
the defendants collectively, to “ensure the continuation of the supply of
compressed natural gas to the CNG Stations after the Completion Date
notwithstanding the transaction contemplated herein”. It was plain that the
defendants had failed to do this and the plaintiff was accordingly entitled to
invoke Clause 4.3 and elect non-completion. The fact that plaintiff had been
given opportunities to meet GSPL in order to negotiate further did not detract
from the defendants’ duty. There was no doubt that the plaintiff had put a
high premium on making sure that the CNG supply would carry on after the
takeover and the defendants, despite being cognizant of that, did not
discharge the burden of producing a GRA with GSPL to ensure the continuation
of the supply.

48 The defendants’ contention that the interim arrangements put in place by
the 5 April 2010 letter from GSPL were more than sufficient to satisfy the
continuation requirements was not acceptable. Clause 11 of that letter shows
why the interim arrangements were cold comfort for the plaintiff. It reads:

11\. Termination: Subject to paragraph 10 hereinabove, GSPL may in its sole
and absolute discretion and for whatever reason, terminate this Letter upon
giving SMART at least three (3) days’ notice.

49 With the very real possibility of GSPL terminating the supply at will, the
interim arrangements fell far short of giving any assurance of having a
continuation of the supply of CNG. The inability to have any confidence in the
continuation of the supply of CNG from the dominant CNG wholesaler in
Singapore would defeat the very purpose of buying the two CNG stations and
that would surely give the plaintiff the right not to complete the sale. The
defendants’ contention that the fault lay with the plaintiff refusing to meet
directly with GSPL to clarify the meaning of ambiguous clauses and to
negotiate a new GRA shifted their obligation of ensuring the continuation of
supply of CNG to one of merely providing an opportunity to the plaintiff of
ensuring a continuation of the supply.

50 The first two heads of the defendants’ counterclaim can stand whether or
not the plaintiff succeeds in its claim whereas the third head of the
counterclaim would automatically fall if the plaintiff’s claim succeeds.

51 The first head of the counterclaim fails as the plaintiff’s actions were
within the scope of conducting a reasonable due diligence exercise. The
plaintiff therefore did not breach Clause 8.2 of the SPA. Given that Kar
Engineering would eventually be the plaintiff’s tenant if the agreement had
been completed, contacting Kar Engineering would certainly have been a
reasonable part of the plaintiff’s due diligence exercise. The same conclusion
applies to the disclosure to the URA as the correspondence was nothing more
than part of the plaintiff’s due diligence in making sure that their future
plans for the stations would be viable. In any event, I do not see what
damages could have been suffered by the defendants by the disclosure of an
impending sale to a public authority.

52 The second head of the counterclaim concerns whether Clauses 7.1 and 7.2 of
the SPA required the plaintiff to obtain the defendants’ consent for repairs
work to be done on the HPU and for the conversion of trailers. While it was
disputed by the parties whether consent was even sought or not, I do not think
that consent was required if the work was indeed repair work, that is, work
that would be required in order for the defendants to “carry out business only
in the ordinary course consistent with past practices” as prescribed in Clause
7.1. Such a move would not “make any change in the nature, scope or
organization of its business or dispose of the whole of its undertaking or
property…” (Clause 7.2 (b)) and hence would not require the plaintiff’s
written consent. Moreover, in the light of the impending sale, it was hard to
see why the defendants would engage in anything more than repair and
maintenance works that would allow them to continue running the business in
the ordinary course. I therefore dismiss this head of the counterclaim too.

53 The last head of the counterclaim regarding the $20,000 reinstatement fee
charged by UOB is contingent on my ruling on the plaintiff’s claim. As the
plaintiff has succeeded in its claim, this last head of the counterclaim fails
since the plaintiff was not at fault in not completing the sale and purchase.

54 In summary, the plaintiff succeeds in its claim against the defendants for
the refund of the $1m good faith deposit paid pursuant to the MOU.
Notwithstanding the fact that the statement of claim pleaded a claim of
$500,000 against each defendant, the MOU and the SPA treat both defendants
collectively as “vendors” and Clause 3.5 of the MOU provides for the deposit
of $1m to be refunded by the said “vendors”, i.e. both defendants jointly. I
also award the plaintiff interest on the said $1m at 5.33% per annum from the
date of writ until judgment, as pleaded, and thereafter interest at the same
rate until payment. The defendants’ counterclaim is dismissed in its entirety.
The defendants are to pay the plaintiff the costs of the claim and the
counterclaim.

55 Both defendants have appealed against this decision.

56 I thank counsel for both parties for having agreed to proceed with the
trial by way of a statement of agreed facts. It was a sensible move which
saved time and costs for everyone involved.

* * *

[note: 1]Defendants’ Core Bundle of Documents (“DCB”) at pp 9-14

[note: 2]Agreed Bundle of Documents (“AB”) at 206

[note: 3]AB at pp 279

[note: 4]AB at pp 320

[note: 5]DCB at pp 48-79

[note: 6]Ab at pp 108-166

[note: 7]Teo’s Affidavit, p216

[note: 8]DCB at pp 88-89

[note: 9]AB at pp 630

[note: 10]Aw’s AEIC para [37]

[note: 11]AB page 631-633, 635

[note: 12]Teo’s AEIC at pp 138-176

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 May 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

