Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  The Law Society of Singapore _v_ Tay Choon Leng, John  
[2012] SGHC 86

Case Number| :| Originating Summons 833 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 20 April 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| High Court  
Coram| :|  Chan Sek Keong CJ; Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Tan Tee Jim SC and Sharon Yeow (Lee & Lee) for the
applicant; Ang Cheng Hock SC, Tan Xeauwei and Paul Ong Min-Tse (Allen &
Gledhill LLP) for the respondent.  
Parties| :|  The Law Society of Singapore — Tay Choon Leng, John  
  
20 April 2012| Judgment reserved  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

Introduction

1 This Originating Summons is initiated by the Law Society of Singapore (“Law
Society”) pursuant to s 94(1) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2009 Rev
Ed) (“the LPA”) praying that this court deal with the Respondent following the
findings of the Disciplinary Tribunal (“DT”) on certain disciplinary charges
brought against him.

2 The disciplinary charges brought by the Law Society against the Respondent
are the following:

(a) First Charge

That you, John Tay Choon Leng, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court
of Singapore, on or about 28 February 2009 and whilst practicing with the Firm
of M/s John Tay & Co located at 171 Chin Swee Road, #08-09 San Centre,
Singapore 169877, did pay the sum of $3,000.00 received by you from your
client Teo Yeow Hock as a deposit to account of fees for you to act in
D4476/2008/S and/or MSS941/2009 into the Office Account of the Firm instead of
the Client Account and are thereby guilty of a breach of Rule 3(1) of the
Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules, such breach amounting to
improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor within the meaning
of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

(b) Second Charge

That you, John Tay Choon Leng, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court
of Singapore, on or about 28 February 2009 and whilst practicing with the Firm
of M/s John Tay & Co located at 171 Chin Swee Road, #08-09 San Centre,
Singapore 169877, did pay the sum of $2,000.00 received by you from your
client Teo Yeow Hock as a deposit to account of fees for you to act in
D4476/2008/S and/or MSS941/2009 into the Office Account of the Firm instead of
the Client Account and are thereby guilty of a breach of Rule 3(1) of the
Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules, such breach amounting to
improper conduct or practice as an advocate and solicitor within the meaning
of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Chapter 161).

(c) Third Charge

That you, John Tay Choon Leng, an Advocate and Solicitor of the Supreme Court
of Singapore, from on or about 28 February 2009 and whilst practicing with the
Firm of M/s John Tay & Co located at 171 Chin Swee Road, #08-09 San Centre,
Singapore 169877, did fail to properly and/or adequately inform your client
Teo Yeow Hock of the basis on which fees for professional services for acting
for him in D4476/2008/S and MSS941/2009 would be charged and the manner in
which it was expected that those fees and disbursements should be paid and are
thereby guilty of a breach of Rule 35(a) of the Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules, such breach amounting to improper conduct or practice as an
advocate and solicitor within the meaning of Section 83(2)(b) of the Legal
Profession Act (Chapter 161).

3 In short, the first two charges relate to the Respondent depositing the two
sums received from one Mr Teo Yeow Hock (“the Complainant”) into his office
account in breach of Rule 3(1) of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts)
Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SA Rules”). The third charge is for
failing to adequately inform the Complainant of the basis on which his
professional fees would be charged, in breach of Rule 35(_a_) of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 1990 Rev Ed) (“the PC
Rules”).[note: 1]

Background facts

4 At all material times, the Respondent was the sole proprietor of the law
firm of Messrs John Tay & Co. He was called to the Singapore Bar on 12 May
1982, an Advocate and Solicitor of 26 years’ standing at the time of the
alleged misconduct.

5 At around the end of February 2009, the Complainant engaged the Respondent
to act for him in respect of ancillary matters in D4476/2008/S (a divorce
proceedings between the Complainant and his wife) (“the Divorce Ancillaries”)
and MSS 941/2009 (an application by the Complainant’s wife for maintenance)
(“the Maintenance Summons”).

6 It is not disputed that the complainant was a client of another advocate and
solicitor, Mr Tan Ee Bin (“Mr Tan”), who handled the Complainant’s divorce
proceedings. However, as Mr Tan did not normally handle contentious divorce
ancillaries matters, Mr Tan recommended the Respondent to the Complainant and
they met at Mr Tan’s office on 27 February 2009. The Respondent said that at
that meeting he had informed the Complainant that his fees would be as
follows:

(a) Upfront initial fee or advanced payment of $3,000 for handling the Divorce
Ancillaries (“the Divorce Ancillaries Initial Upfront Fee”);

(b) Additional fees would be payable and such fees would be discussed if the
matter went for trial;[note: 2] and

(c) There would be a contingency fee of $3,000 in the event that the ancillary
matters were transferred to the High Court (“the Divorce Ancillaries
Contingency Fee”) if the estimated matrimonial assets exceeded $1.5 million.

7 The following day, on 28 February 2009, the Complainant came to the
Respondent’s office in the morning when the latter was about to leave for a
court hearing. The Complainant informed the Respondent that he had been served
with the Maintenance Summons, and that he would also like the Respondent to
handle that matter. The Complainant had brought with him $2,000 in cash and a
POSB cheque for $3,000, both of which he handed to the Respondent. The
Respondent said that he told the Complainant that the $2,000 cash would be
treated as part payment towards the Divorce Ancillaries Initial Upfront Fee
and the cheque for $3,000 as the upfront fee for handling the Maintenance
Summons. Their conversation lasted for only five minutes as the Respondent was
in a hurry to attend court on another client’s matter. A receipt was issued by
the Respondent’s firm in respect of the $2,000 cash payment. We would note
that the receipt stated that the $2,000 cash payment was “initial payment for
MSS941/2009”, the Maintenance Summons.

8 Subsequently, the Complainant decided to appoint another set of solicitors
to take over the conduct of both the Divorce Ancillaries and the Maintenance
Summons. On 3 September 2009, the Complainant wrote to the Respondent asking
for a refund of the $3,000 paid as the Divorce Ancillaries Contingency Fee.
Initially, the Respondent did not agree to make any refund as he had done work
for both the Divorce Ancillaries and the Maintenance Summons. Eventually, the
Respondent agreed to refund $1,500, although this refund of $1,500 was never
effected.

9 On 1 February 2010, the Complainant filed a complaint with the Law Society.
After investigation, the Law Society preferred the three charges against the
Respondent (see [2] above).

10 At the hearing before the DT, as against the first two charges, the
Respondent raised the defence that the Complainant and Respondent had agreed
that the $2,000 cash and the cheque for $3,000 were the Respondent’s fees and
therefore did not constitute “client’s money” under r 2(_b_) of the SA
Rules.[note: 3] The Respondent argued therefore that he was not obliged to
deposit them into a client account (as set out and further discussed in [14]
to [34] below).

Decision Below

11 The DT, after due hearing, found pursuant to s 93(1)(_c_) of the LPA that
cause of sufficient gravity for disciplinary action existed under s 83(2)(_b_)
of the LPA and ordered the Respondent to pay costs. In reaching this decision,
the DT made the following findings of fact:

(a) The $3,000 by way of a POSB cheque (“the $3,000”) and $2,000 cash were
paid into the Respondent’s office account;[note: 4]

(b) There was no agreement on account of an agreed fee between the Respondent
and the Complainant because, _inter alia_ :[note: 5]

(i) The Respondent’s evidence given under cross-examination corroborated the
Complainant’s evidence that the payments made were only part of the
Respondent’s professional fees;

(ii) The Respondent’s receipt for the $2,000 did not state that it was an
agreed fee. It stated that it was “initial payment for MSS941/2009”;[note: 6]

(iii) The $3,000 was meant to be a deposit in the event that D4476/2008/S was
transferred to the High Court, and no agreement was made to convert the $3,000
to agreed fees for MSS941/2009.[note: 7]

(a) In any case, the alleged fees agreement were not reduced into writing and
signed by the complainant.

(c) The Respondent did not explain the basis and manner of his fees, and this
was conceded during cross-examination;[note: 8] and

(d) The Respondent did not explain his charges to the Complainant even after
the Complainant repeatedly asked for a refund of $3,000. Instead, the
Respondent:

(i) Issued a bill on or about 3 September 2009 after the Complainant’s first
letter was faxed;

(ii) Did not explain the basis of his fees or when or how his fees or expenses
would be incurred or should be paid;

(iii) Did not reply to any of the Complainant’s letters; and

(iv) Agreed to a refund of $1,500.[note: 9]

12 The DT also found as a matter of law that an “agreed fee” was not valid
unless it was evidenced in writing.

Issues before this Court

13 As seen from the above, the critical question in relation to the first and
second charges is whether there was an agreement on fees between the Complaint
and the Respondent. The DT found that there was in fact no such agreement. The
DT also decided that in law, there could not, in any event, have been an
“agreed fee” because the alleged agreements were not evidenced in writing
signed by the client. Thus, on this matter there are really five issues which
this court must address and we will deal with them in the following order:

(a) Whether or not an “agreed fee” under r 9(2)(_c_)(ii) of the SA Rules must
be in writing;

(b) Whether or not an “agreed fee” must be for the entire transaction;

(c) Whether or not the totality of the evidence demands that this Court should
overturn the DT’s findings of fact, _ie_ , that there was no agreed fee, in
relation to the first two charges;

(d) Whether there is sufficient basis for the DT to find the Respondent guilty
of the third charge; and

(e) The appropriate sanction in the event this court should find the
Respondent guilty of any of the three charges.

Analysis

Issue 1: Whether or not an “agreed fee” must be in writing

14 This is a threshold issue. If this Court is to find that an “agreed fee”
must be in writing to come into being, then as the alleged agreements here
were not reduced to writing, the Respondent automatically fails to make out
the defence of an “agreed fee” under r 9(2)(_c_)(ii) of the SA Rules. This
answer will effectively resolve all the other issues relating to the three
charges and what remains for this Court would be to determine the appropriate
sanction which ought to be imposed on the Respondent.

15 As a general proposition, the formation and validity of an agreement on
professional fees between a solicitor and his or her client (“fee agreement”)
is, like any other contract, governed by the common law. Such an agreement
could be oral or in writing. This is, of course, subject to any relevant
contrary provisions set out in the LPA and/or its attendant subsidiary
legislation.

16 The DT seemed to think that for a valid “fee agreement” to exist, the
agreement must be in writing. The DT stated (at [20] of its Report):

Rule 9(2)(c)(ii) of the SA Rules is to be read with or subject to section 111
of the [Legal Profession] Act which requires any agreement between a solicitor
and his client concerning his fee for contentious business to be “in writing”
and “signed by the client”.

Internal Architecture of Rule 9(2), Solicitors’ Accounts Rules

17 We will begin our consideration of this question by first referring to the
SA Rules which prescribe how a solicitor should handle client’s money. Rule
2(1) defines “client’s money” as:

money held or received by a solicitor on account of a person for whom he is
acting (in relation to the holding or receipt of such money) either as a
solicitor, or in connection with his practice as a solicitor, an agent, a
bailee or a stakeholder or in any other capacity, other than —

...

(b) money to which the only person entitled is the solicitor himself or, in
the case of a firm of solicitors, one or more of the partners in the firm...

18 Rule 3(1) lays down a mandatory requirement that every solicitor who holds
or receives client’s money “shall without delay pay such money into a client
account”.

19 Rule 9(2), however, provides a list of circumstances where a solicitor is
not required to pay money held or received by him into a client account:

9(2) Notwithstanding the provisions of these Rules, a solicitor shall not pay
into a client account, money held or received by him —

(a) which the client for his own convenience requests the solicitor in writing
to withhold from such account;

(b) for or towards payment of a debt due to the solicitor from the client or
in reimbursement of money expended by the solicitor on behalf of the client;
or

(_c_) _which is expressly paid to him —_

(i) on account of costs incurred, in respect of which a bill of costs or other
written intimation of the amount of the costs has been delivered for payment;
or

(_ii_) _as an agreed fee (or on account of an agreed fee) for business
undertaken or to be undertaken._

[emphasis added]

20 The Respondent relies on r 9(2)(_c_)(ii) to contend that in respect of the
two sums he received from the client on 28 February 2009 he was not required
to deposit them into a client account because those two payments were agreed
fees due to him for taking up the two briefs of the complainant. He is saying
that these payments were really, in accordance with r 2(1), “money to which
the only person entitled is the solicitor himself” and were thus not client’s
money.

21 It would be seen from r 9(2) quoted above (at [19]) that where writing is
required, the Rules would expressly provide for such a requirement. We see two
instances of this in r 9(2). First, r 9(2)(_a_) provides that where a client
for his own convenience “requests the solicitor _in writing_ ” to withhold
paying the money into a client’s account then the solicitor would not infringe
the rule if he complies with the request. Second, r 9(2)(_c_)(i) provides that
where money is expressly paid to the solicitor on account of costs incurred,
in respect of which “ _a bill of costs_ _or other written intimation_ ” has
been delivered for payment, the solicitor will not be required to pay the sum
into a client account. On the other hand, r 9(2)(_c_)(ii), which we are here
concerned with, merely provides for “an agreed fee” without imposing any
formal requirement as to writing. In this regard, it may be useful to note
that, unlike r 9(2)(_c_)(ii), the equivalent English rule, r 19(5) of the
English Solicitors’ Accounts Rules 1998, expressly provides that “[a]n agreed
fee must be evidenced in writing”. In the absence of such express stipulation
in r 9(2), the Respondent argued that the court should be slow to imply such a
requirement.

Symbiosis between Rule 9(2)(c)(ii) and Section 111, Legal Profession Act

22 We now turn to consider s 111 of the LPA upon which the DT had placed much
reliance to hold that for there to be a valid “fee agreement” the agreement
must be evidenced in writing (see [16] above)_._ For ease of reference, s 111
is quoted hereunder:

(1) Subject to the provisions of any other written law, a solicitor or a law
corporation or a limited liability law partnership _may make an agreement in
writing_ with any client respecting the amount and manner of payment for the
whole or any part of its costs in respect _o_ f contentious business done or
to be done by the solicitor or the law corporation or the limited liability
law partnership, either by a gross sum or otherwise, and at either the same
rate as or a greater or a lesser rate than that at which he or the law
corporation or the limited liability law partnership would otherwise be
entitled to be remunerated.

(2) Every such agreement shall be signed by the client and shall be subject to
the provisions and conditions contained in this Part.

[emphasis added]

23 The first point we would highlight is that s 111(1) provides that a
solicitor “ _may make an agreement in writing_ ” with a client for his fees in
contentious business. It would be noted that the provision is couched in
_permissive_ , rather than _mandatory_ , terms. It does not say that there
could not be an oral fee agreement or that such an oral agreement would be
invalid. In the absence of such an express stipulation, we see no reason why
it should be so construed. In _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Chor Pee & Partners_
[2006] 1 SLR(R) 518 (“the _Chor Pee_ case”), the Court of Appeal held at [26]
that s 111(1) is “an enabling provision and is not intended to replace the
common law”. Similarly, Professor Tan Yock Lin, in _The Law of Advocates and
Solicitors in Singapore and West Malaysia_ (Butterworths Asia, 2nd Ed, 1998)
(“ _Tan Yock Lin_ ”) at p 685 has opined that s 111 is “an empowering
section”.

24 What, then, are the effects and consequences of s 111? First, we note that
by virtue of s 111(2), any fee agreement to be enforceable against the client
must be signed by the client. This is obviously for the protection of the
client. In the _Chor Pee_ case, the Court of Appeal stated at [26]:

Indeed, s 111(1) essentially reflects much of the common law position. In a
sense, it can be said that the provision is for the benefit of the solicitor
as it means that upon the solicitor ensuring that the written agreement has
the signature of the client, and in the absence of there being any vitiating
factors, the solicitor will be able to enforce the agreement against the
client. In another sense, one can also say that s 111 was enacted to protect
the client, so that no agreement, not even a written agreement, would bind the
client unless the client signified his consent thereto by his signature.
However, the absence of the solicitor's signature would not preclude the
client from enforcing it against the solicitor. Section 111(2) enshrines that
position...

In other words, a client can enforce an oral agreement against a solicitor but
not the other way around.

25 The statutory consequences of a fee agreement made in writing in accordance
with s 111 are found in ss 112(3) and 112(4):

(3) Such an agreement shall be deemed to exclude any further claim of the
solicitor or law corporation or limited liability law partnership beyond the
terms of agreement in respect of any services, fees, charges or disbursements
in relation to the conduct and completion of the business in reference to
which the agreement is made, except such services, fees, charges or
disbursements (if any) as are expressly excepted by the agreement.

(4) Subject to the provisions of this Part, the costs of a solicitor or law
corporation or limited liability law partnership, in any case where there is
such an agreement as is referred to in section 111, shall not be subject to
taxation nor to the provisions of section 118.

26 It would be noted that the provisions of s 112(4) are expressly stated to
be subject to “the provisions of this Part” and the following subsections of s
113 are germane and they show that even written fee agreements, enforceable
against the client, are far from sacrosanct and could be reviewed and set
aside.

(2) Every question respecting the validity or effect of the agreement may be
examined and determined, and the agreement may be enforced or set aside
without suit or action on the application by originating summons of any person
or the representatives of any person, party to the agreement, or being or
alleged to be liable to pay, or being or claiming to be entitled to be paid
the costs, fees, charges or disbursements in respect of which the agreement is
made, by the court in which the business or any part thereof was done or a
Judge thereof, or, if the business was not done in any court, then by the High
Court or a Judge thereof.

(3) Upon any such application, if it appears to the court or Judge that the
agreement is in all respects fair and reasonable between the parties, it may
be enforced by the court or Judge by rule or order, in such manner and subject
to such conditions (if any) as to the costs of the application as the court or
Judge thinks fit.

(4) If the terms of the agreement are deemed by the court or Judge to be
unfair or unreasonable, the agreement may be declared void.

27 Finally, s 118, referred to in s 112(4), provides that:

[N]o solicitor shall, except by leave of the court, commence or maintain any
action for the recovery of any costs due for any business done by him until
the expiration of one month after he has delivered to the party to be charged
therewith, or sent by post to, or left with him at his office or place of
business, dwelling-house or last known place of residence, a bill of those
costs.

28 Therefore, in the light of all the provisions mentioned above, a fee
agreement in writing made in accordance with s 111 could give rise to, _inter
alia_ , the following effects, depending on the nature of the complaint and/or
on whose initiative the issue is being brought before the court:

(a) the solicitor would be precluded from making any further claims for costs
beyond the terms of the agreement and the agreed fees need not be taxed,

(b) the agreement could be declared to be unreasonable and void by the court,
and/or

(c) the solicitor is not obliged to wait one month after sending a bill of
costs to the client before commencing an action to enforce the fee agreement.

29 There is nothing in those provisions which could be read to suggest that an
oral fee agreement is invalid. From s 111(2) it is clear that Parliament
intended to draw a distinction between validity and enforceability and sought
to accord greater protection to the client. This explains why, following from
s 111(2), a client could enforce an agreement not signed by the solicitor (and
this would include an oral agreement). This view was taken by the High Court,
and we say rightly so, in _Re Nirumalam_ _Kanapathi_ _Pillai_ [1999] 3 SLR(R)
1037, a case relied on by the Respondent, where Judith Prakash J reviewed an
assistant registrar’s taxation of a solicitor-client bill of costs tendered by
the solicitor’s firm. The taxing registrar did not take into account an
express agreement between the solicitor’s firm and the petitioner, one of 30
insurance companies, who had instructed the respondent on an express oral
agreement that the respondent’s costs would be shared according to their
respective shares in the reinsurance risk.

30 The fee agreement, not having been expressed in writing, clearly fell
outside the remit of s 111 and the other related provisions of ss 112, 113 and
118. Nevertheless, the judge held at [26] and [27] that:

26 I accept that as between petitioner and the respondent in this case, there
was no agreement which fell within the bounds of s 111 of the [Legal
Profession Act]. This means that the respondent firm was bound to tax its bill
once taxation was asked for and ordered. It does not mean, however, that it
had not agreed on a particular formula for computing the extent of the
petitioner’s liability for the legal costs incurred by the firm in acting for
the petitioner and the other reinsurers in relation to the matter. Neither
does it mean that the respondent firm was not bound by such agreement...

27 I see no reason in principle or in practice why the taxing Registrar should
not have had regard to this agreement, even though it was not an agreement
falling within s 111 of the [Legal Profession Act].

31 At this juncture, we think it useful to refer to another case where the
Disciplinary Committee (the previous title of the current DT) had the occasion
to address specifically the scope of r 9(2)(_c_)(ii) of the SA Rules: _The Law
Society of Singapore v Chua Swee Keng_ [2008] SGDSC 6 (“ _Chua Swee Keng_ ”).
There the DC ruled that r 9(2)(_c_)(ii) is not subject to s 111 of the LPA (at
[11.5.6]). Following from the reasons based on a plain reading of r
9(2)(_c_)(ii), as well as the fact that where it was intended that the fee
agreement should be in writing the SA Rules would expressly say so (rr
9(2)(_a_) and 9(2)(_c_)(i)), the DC elaborated at [11.5.6(b)]:

...the drafting convention adopted in rule 9 is expressly to require writing
when it is needed. This convention makes the omission of a requirement of
writing in rule 9(2)(c)(ii) of substantive significance.

32 Equally helpful in explaining the scope of s 111 are the following passages
from _Tan Yock Lin_ at p 685 where the author succinctly reviewed the previous
position and the current position:

Before the English statutory enactment, with which section 111 [of the LPA] is
_in pari_ _materia_ , was enacted, a solicitor could make an oral agreement
with his client as to remuneration for prosecuting contentious business. For
example, he could orally agree to charge nothing for the services; but if he
made an oral agreement for more than his proper costs in prosecuting or
defending an action, that agreement could not be enforced by him. Section
111...was designed to enable a solicitor to enforce such agreements provided
they are in writing.

Section 111 has nothing to do with validity but is concerned only with
enforceability by the solicitor. Being an empowering section, it does not
affect the position of a client who sets up an agreement as to costs. Before
the enactment of section 111, a client could enforce an oral agreement as to
costs against his solicitor and that remains true after the enactment. Thus in
_Clare v Joseph_ , in an action brought to recover moneys received by a
solicitor to the use of his client, the English Court of Appeal held that the
client continued to be entitled, despite the enactment of the English
equivalent of section 111, to set up an oral agreement by the solicitor to be
paid less than usual costs. However, where a solicitor purports to set up an
agreement as to costs, the agreement must be in writing for it to be
enforceable.

33 We would hasten to emphasise that the client is not deprived of protection
simply because there is an oral fee agreement. In _Wong Foong Chai v Lin Kuo
Hao_ [2005] 3 SLR(R) 74, Andrew Phang Boon Leong JC stated at [31] that:

[N]o agreement for the payment of costs between client and solicitor is
sacrosanct in the sense that it is conclusive and immune to, as well as
impervious from, any investigation by the court itself. That such agreements
can in fact be – and are – subject to the court's scrutiny, particularly from
the perspective of reasonableness and fairness, is established in both local
as well as English case law.

Indeed, if the Complainant here were to complain about the reasonableness of
the fees charged by the Respondent, the latter would, by virtue of s 111(2),
be precluded from relying on the oral fee agreement with the Complainant to
justify the fee charged.

34 We would reiterate that all seeming difficulties or incongruity would
vanish if r 9(2)(_c_)(ii) is viewed not as a provision concerned with the
enforceability of a fee agreement, but only in determining whether there is an
agreement between the solicitor and client which would permit the solicitor
not to have to place money so received by him from a client into a client
account. We find that is the proper reading of r 9(2)(_c_)(ii). The question,
then, in this case, is whether or not there were, in fact, the alleged oral
agreements between the Respondent and the Complainant on fees relating to the
two matters which the Complainant had entrusted the Respondent to handle and
which would warrant the Respondent depositing the two sums he received from
the Complainant into the firm’s account. As this would amount to the
Complainant paying the Respondent in advance of work being performed, clear
proof of the client’s agreement must be established. In this regard, it is
pertinent to note that when a solicitor has done work for a client and wishes
to pay himself, he has to observe the following rules:

(i) Where the payment is to be taken from client’s account – “money properly
required for or towards payment of the solicitor’s costs where a bill of costs
or other written intimation of the amount of the costs incurred has been
delivered to the client and the client has been notified that money held for
him will be applied towards or in satisfaction of such costs” (see r
7(1)(a)(iv) of the SA Rules); or

(ii) Where the payment is from money held or received by him – “which is
expressly paid to him on account of costs incurred, in respect of which a bill
of costs or other written intimation of the amount of the costs has been
delivered for payment” (see r 9(2)(c)(i) of the SA Rules).

Issue 2: Whether or not an “agreed fee” must be for the entirety of the
transaction

35 We now move to the second issue as to whether an agreed fee could be in
respect of part of the work to be undertaken by the solicitor on the
contentious matter entrusted to him or if it must cover the entire work in
relation to the engagement. The DT did not appear to have considered this
issue as it had found that there was in fact no agreement on fees between the
Complainant and the Respondent because in its view the $2,000 cash and $3,000
cheque were in fact deposit or initial payment. We do not see anything in r
9(2)(_c_)(ii) of the SA Rules which expressly or implicitly touches, or has a
bearing, on this. However, s 111 of the Act states clearly that “a solicitor
... may make an agreement in writing with any client respecting the amount and
manner of payment _for the whole or any part of its costs_ in respect of
contentious business”. Thus, as an agreed fee in writing could be made in
respect of the costs of part of the work to be undertaken by the solicitor, or
up to a certain stage of the proceeding, we cannot see any reason why an oral
agreement could not be similarly made. In this regard, we would underscore the
need to differentiate between matters of principle and matters of evidence.
One should not confuse the two. It may well be that where an oral agreement is
involved, there could be difficulties in proving what the parties had exactly
agreed on as fees, both in terms of the amount as well as the scope of work
covered by that agreed fees. But the fact that there could be such evidential
difficulties does not mean that there could not be an oral fee agreement
touching on part of the work to be undertaken by the solicitor. This may
explain why, as a matter of good practice, it is always desirable to reflect
all fee agreements in writing.

36 Having said that, we would caution that solicitors have the obligation to
make abundantly clear – both to the client and, if need be, to the court –
which specific part (or up to which specific stage) of the transaction is
covered by the agreed fees. For the protection of the client, a solicitor
cannot be allowed to vary his agreed fees upwards at his will.

Issue 3: Whether or not there is any reason to overturn the DT’s findings of
fact with respect to the first two charges

37 We now turn to consider the issue as to whether the Complainant had agreed
with the Respondent on an agreed fee in respect of each of the two matters,
namely, the Divorce Ancillaries and the Maintenance Summons. The DT found that
there was no agreement between them on fees. The law is clear that an
appellate court should not seek to overturn a finding of fact which is based
on oral evidence and the veracity or credibility of witnesses unless the lower
tribunal had wrongly appreciated the facts or the finding is plainly wrong or
against the weight of the evidence (see _Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v
Orix Singapore Ltd_ [2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 at [41] and _Yeo Chong Lin v Tay Ang
Choo Nancy_ [2011] 2 SLR 1157 at [42]). While we note that the principles
established in these two authorities relate to findings of the lower courts
which are up for consideration by the appellate court, there is no good reason
why the same principles (of good sense and expedience) should not apply in the
present context.

38 In the present case, the evidence is predominantly oral, essentially from
cross-examination. There are only a few pieces of objective documentary
evidence (_eg_ , the receipt issued for the $2000 in cash was dated 28
February 2009) and the findings of the DT could be said to be based largely on
witness credibility. There is, however, one observation of the DT which gives
us cause for some concern and which we think warrants this court to review the
evidence and the findings of the DT.

39 At [19] of its Report, the DT stated that the alleged agreement on fee “was
not pleaded in the Defence and was also not referred to in the Respondent’s
Opening Statement”. This comment showed that the DT thought that the defence
of an agreed fee was an afterthought raised at the last minute at the DT
hearing. With respect, the comment is erroneous. In the Opening Statement of
the Respondent, it was averred that “the full details of the Respondent’s
Defence are spelt from paragraphs 4 to 29 of his Affidavit Evidence in Chief”.
In his Affidavit of Evidence in Chief (“AEIC”), the Respondent deposed at
[11], in reference to the $2,000 cash payment, that “[t]he Complainant paid
$2,000 as part of my agreed fees of $3,000 and he said that he would pay the
balance of my fees after the matter is completed. I agreed.” Again at [13],
the Respondent stated “I submit that the Complainant was satisfied with my
work and agreed to my fees of **$3,000** ” (emphasis in original). As regards
the $3,000 cheque payment, the Respondent stated at [18] that “**I told him
that my fees [are] $3,000 for the maintenance summons** ... The Complainant
agreed...” (emphasis in original). Given the above, we have to be satisfied
that this erroneous perception of the Respondent did not unfairly colour the
DT’s assessment of the evidence of the Respondent.

40 Having said that, the burden is on the Respondent to prove that he had
clearly and unambiguously informed the Complainant that the two sums paid
would be his agreed fees for the two matters. As far as the Complainant was
concerned, he thought that he was required to and so paid the two sums as
deposits towards the account of the Respondent’s fees in the two matters.
However, even both the Respondent and Mr Tan (a witness for the Respondent)
had described the sums as “only an advance or initial payment”,[note: 10] “an
initial fee for the maintenance”,[note: 11] and “initial advance fee”[note:
12] etc, words which leave uncertainty as to what was exactly agreed. This is
really the difficulty confronting the Respondent’s case. Where an agreed fee
is not for handling the entire matter, it is vitally important that what is
covered by that fee should be explicitly set out and agreed. His confusion can
be seen from the following cross-examination:[note: 13]

QNo, no, no, that’s not a question of whether he knows. I’m asking you, was
there a discussion that your fee would be, let’s say, $10,000 for the
ancillary divorce matters? Was there a discussion along those lines?

ANo, because we---we are not at that point that we are not in the stage to
tell the---the---the client how much would be the---the---the final fees lah,
because the thing may go for trial, the thing may not. So we---we---we will
tell him, “Look, if the thing don’t go for trial, this is 3,000, we will
cover. But if the thing go for trial, we will just inform you, see.” If---if
at that point in time we start telling him a sum, it---it---it will be an
unrealistic sum, and it will be speculative sum. So we normally don’t. Hmm?

…

QYes, thank you, Mr Tay. So in short, you are saying that there was no
agreement at that meeting as to the final sum---as to the final figure---final
fee for handling the ancillary divorce matters. Is that correct?

ANo agreement at final, but there was an agreement that 3,000 initial fees
should be paid before---on---on and or be---on or before we start the case.

QYes.

AThat is **towards** professional fee.

(emphasis added)

The First Charge

41 The DT found that the $3,000 was meant to be the Divorce Ancillaries
Contingency Fee, and there was no subsequent agreement to convert the $3,000
into an agreed fee.[note: 14]

42 Although the DT did not specify what evidence on which it relied in making
that determination, the cross-examination of the Respondent made clear that no
agreement could have been reached as to the fees. The Respondent himself
claimed that the meeting where the fee agreement was allegedly made lasted
“less than 5 minutes” and took place when he “was walking out [of his] door”
while the Complainant was going in.[note: 15] According to the Respondent, the
way in which he described to the Complainant the conversion of the Divorce
Ancillaries Contingency Fee of $3,000 into a fee agreement for the Maintenance
Summons was as follows:

_Look, if like that the hearing, the next one, 2 days I have to use this money
to---the 3,000 for, er, the cheque for this other payment, you see...Then the
other one I will---I will ask you later lah when the---when there’s a need you
see._

43 It is difficult to understand what the above spiel was even meant to
communicate, let alone come to an informed, reasoned fee agreement based on
that. Indeed, the Respondent claims that in his hurry, he had erroneously
written “initial payment for MSS941/2009” on the receipt for the $2,000 cash
payment,[note: 16] when according to him he should have written that the
payment was for the Divorce Ancillaries. The fact that the Respondent was in
such a rush, that he made such a crucial mistake, the little time which he had
talking to the Complainant and the lack of intelligibility and clarity in what
he said to the Complainant, leave us in great doubt as to whether there could
have been an informed and reasoned fee agreement made at the time.

44 Accordingly we do not think that it has been shown that the DT’s finding
with respect to the First Charge is erroneous. We would affirm it.

The Second Charge

45 In relation to the Second Charge, the DT made its finding on the basis of
the following evidence:

(a) The receipt issued by the Respondent for the $2,000 stated that it was
“initial payment” for “MSS941/2009”,[note: 17] not an agreed fee;

(b) The Respondent’s unsigned and undated Bill No. B09-26teo also did not
state that the $2,000 was an agreed fee;[note: 18] and

(c) The Complainant stated in his AEIC that he was asked to pay the $2,000 as
a deposit.[note: 19]

46 We note that in cross-examination the Complainant agreed that the “$2,000
is part-costs for the ancillary matter”.[note: 20] But it could hardly follow
from this admission that there was therefore an agreement between them as to a
fixed fee for the Respondent handling the Divorce Ancillaries. There is a leap
in logic. Even accepting, as the Respondent now alleges, that in issuing the
receipt for the $2,000 cash payment he had wrongly stated the “cause” for
which the payment was intended, _ie_ , it should be the Divorce Ancillaries
rather than the Maintenance Summons, this still leaves open the question as to
why he did not state that that the payment was part payment of an agreed fee
instead of stating that it was “initial payment”, an expression which can
hardly connote an agreed fee. Equally pertinent to note is that the
Respondent’s unsigned and undated Bill No. B09-26teo also did not state that
the $2,000 was payment towards an agreed fee or part payment of an agreed fee.
In this connection, we would hasten to add that a lay client would not likely
know about the intricacies concerning the accounts of a solicitor and which
particular account his payments to the solicitor should rightly be deposited
into. It is clear that the SA Rules were promulgated to protect the interests
of clients. It is vitally important that the solicitor should make it
absolutely clear to the client as to the nature of the client’s payment. The
burden is on the Respondent to prove that the client understood the nature of
the payment which the client was required to make to the solicitor.

47 In the result, we do not think that there is sufficient basis for us to
disturb the DT’s finding with respect to the Second Charge.

**Issue 4: Whether the third charge has been made out**

48 The Third Charge centred on the scope of r 35(_a_) of the PC Rules which
reads:

An advocate and solicitor shall inform the client –

(a) of the basis on which fees for professional services will be charged and
the manner in which it is expected that those fees and disbursements, if any,
shall be paid by the client…

49 The question whether or not a solicitor has complied with r 35(_a_) of the
PC Rules is very much a question of fact. It seems to us clear that the object
behind the rule is to ensure transparency in the way a solicitor charges his
client. In _Chua Swee Keng_ , which concerned the payment of overtime fees, it
was held by the DC that it was sufficient for the solicitor to have explained
that overtime would be payable for her staff, stating her overtime rates, and
providing a detailed breakdown of overtime charge.

50 In relation to the present case and the First Charge, for the reasons
discussed at [41] to [44] above, the Respondent could not have adequately
informed the Complainant of the basis on which his professional fees were or
would be charged.

51 As regards the Third Charge, the DT reached its conclusion based , _inter
alia_ , on the following evidence:

(a) The Complainant’s AEIC and oral evidence;

(b) The Respondent’s concession that he did not explain the basis and manner
of his fees;[note: 21]

(c) The Respondent’s admission that he had not replied to any of the
Complainant’s letters.[note: 22]

52 The Respondent has not persuaded us as to why the DT’s conclusion was
wrong. The only explanation the Respondent provided for not having explained
to the Complainant the basis on which his fees were charged were that the
$3,000 was a lump sum payment, “there were no overtime charges or related fees
which called for an explanation from the Respondent”, and that no explanation
of hourly rates were needed because “he did not have the practice of charging
by the hour”.[note: 23] This does not quite answer the question. The
Respondent could have explained the breakdown of what fees were charged for
each stage of the proceedings right up to just before trial, such as discovery
of means and assets, preparation of AEIC and so on. All that the Respondent
could say was that “$3,000 was a fixed fee for all the work to be done by the
Respondent up to the resolution of the matter before trial”.[note: 24] This is
hardly transparent enough for a client to be sufficiently informed. Further,
for the reasons which this court in [37] to [47] above has ruled that there
was no agreed fees between the Complainant and the Respondent on the two
matters entrusted by the Complainant to the Respondent, the Respondent’s
assertion that he had clearly explained the basis of his fee charge to the
Complainant leaves us in considerable doubt as to the transparency of the
explanation. Considered as a whole, we find the Respondent’s evidence and
explanations unsatisfactory.

53 Again, there is insufficient basis for this court to interfere with the
DT’s findings with respect to the Third Charge.

Issue 5: The appropriate sanction

54 The general sentencing standard for a breach of r 3 of the SA Rules is a
suspension of one to two years, depending on the culpability of the solicitor
and whether there was any element of dishonesty.

55 _Law Society of Singapore v Prem Singh_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 126 (“ _Prem Singh_
”) described an omission to place client moneys in a client account as “ _a
serious breach of [the SA Rules]”_ (at [22]). In that case a two-year
suspension was ordered. In _Law Society v Tan Sok Ling_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 945 (“
_Tan Sok Ling_ ”) a one-year suspension was ordered as “ _the breaches here
were on the less culpable end of the continuum_ ” (at [26]). In _Law Society
of Singapore v Tan Chwee Wan Allan_ [2007] 4 SLR(R) 699 (“ _Tan Chwee Wan
Allan_ ”), the Court ordered the respondent to be censured and imposed an
undertaking not to practice as a sole proprietor for two years, even though
“there was no suggestion that the respondent had behaved dishonestly”, “[n]o
client had suffered any loss [because the] respondent had taken steps to put
matters right almost immediately after actual notification” and “[t]he
respondent had voluntarily ceased practice [for more than two years] after he
became aware of the breaches” (at [53]).

56 At this juncture, we ought to highlight the fact that s 83(1) of the LPA,
which prescribed the sanctions which the court could impose on a solicitor on
due cause shown was amended in 2008 to provide for the additional sanction of
a monetary penalty of up to $100,000 for disciplinary offences committed by
solicitors. The amended version (which is the current version) of s 83 of the
LPA provides as follows:

**Power to strike off roll, etc.**

**83.–(1)** All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of
the Supreme Court and shall be liable on due cause shown –

(a) to be struck off the roll;

(b) to be suspended from practice for a period not exceeding 5 years;

(_c_) _to pay a penalty of not more than $100,000_ ;

(d) to be censured; or

(e) to suffer the punishment referred to in paragraph (_c_) in addition to the
punishment referred to in paragraph (_b_) or (_d_).

[emphasis added]

57 The first case which imposed monetary penalty upon a delinquent solicitor
pursuant to s 83(1)(_c_) of the LPA was _Law Society of Singapore v Andre
Ravindran_ _Saravanapavan_ _Arul_ [2011] 4 SLR 1184 (“ _Andre Arul_ ”), a
seminal case where the court of three judges laid down important guidelines as
to when a monetary penalty should be favoured over the more severe (and
sometimes crippling) sanctions of suspension or disbarment. The misconduct in
_Andre Arul_ related to overcharging under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA (grossly
improper conduct). The court explained at [36] that:

This [monetary] penalty was introduced to enable the court of three judges to
impose fines for disciplinary offences that are too serious to be punished
with mere censures, but insufficiently serious to deserve the punishment of
suspension from practice. In our view, the disciplinary offence of
overcharging amounting to grossly improper conduct falls within this category
of disciplinary offences, provided no deception or dishonesty is involved. _We
hold that the starting point in imposing a proportionate penalty for
overcharging amounting to grossly improper conduct should be a fine in the
first instance, and not a suspension of the errant lawyer from practice._ A
fine, especially a heavy fine, together with payment of the disciplinary
tribunal's and the Law Society's costs in the proceedings, should generally be
an adequate punishment for the errant solicitor. Repeat offenders will, of
course, be penalised more severely.

[emphasis added]

58 The court also provided guidance as to when suspension is warranted: where
the offence in question is “ _redolent of cheating or deceiving the client_ ”
(at [38]). Further, striking the solicitor off the roll is justified only “
_[i]n the most egregious cases where cheating is involved_ _(such as where
there are fabricated bills or invoices for work which has not in fact been
done)_ ” (at [39]).

59 It is clear, therefore, that the distinguishing factor between an offence
that warrants a monetary penalty and one that warrants suspension or
disbarment is the element of _dishonesty_ or _deceit_. Gross negligence may or
may not be sufficient; it will have to depend on the overall circumstances. Do
they come close to dishonesty? Where dishonesty or deceit on the solicitor’s
part is not made out, the starting point should be a monetary penalty.

60 Counsel for the Law Society relied heavily on _Prem Singh_ , where the
court of three judges imposed a two-year suspension for a solicitor’s failure
to place client moneys into a client account, as required under r 3 of the SA
Rules. The court stated at [22]:

Rule 3 of the Legal Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules prescribes a
mandatory requirement that the client’s funds be placed into a separate
account. The purpose of this rule is to protect the public and to instil
public confidence in solicitors... In our opinion, the respondent’s omission
to place the funds in his client account was a serious breach of the Legal
Profession (Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules.

61 We agree that such omission to place client moneys into a client account
constitutes a serious breach of the Rules, and may constitute grossly improper
conduct under s 83(2)(_b_) of the LPA. The past precedents show that, prior to
the 2008 amendment, the court would invariably, impose a suspension even where
no dishonesty is proven or even alleged (_Tan Sok Ling_). The case of _Tan
Chwee Wan Allan_ is instructive. In that case, the court of three judges found
at [53] that:

There was no suggestion that the respondent had behaved dishonestly. This was
essentially a case of professional oversight as a result of the respondent’s
sheer carelessness and inadvertence in relation to staff supervision and the
management of his clients’ accounts.

62 The court ordered the respondent to be censured and imposed an undertaking
on the respondent not to practise as a sole proprietor for a period of two
years. _Tan Chwee Wan Allan_ is a perfect example of a case where the court,
unarmed with the enhanced sentencing options under the new s 83 of the LPA,
sought to temper justice with mercy by ordering only a censure and imposing an
undertaking not to practise as a sole proprietor. The 2008 amendments were
designed to bridge the cavernous gulf between a censure and suspension or
disbarment.

63 In our view, this is an appropriate case to impose a monetary penalty. In
the circumstances of this case, the Third Charge is really incidental to the
First and Second Charges. While we note that the Respondent has not pleaded
guilty to the charges, we are satisfied that he resisted the charges out of a
bona fide conviction, although we have held his belief to be wrong, that he
had reached an understanding with the client on fees. It was also clear that
there was no dishonesty or deceit involved in what he did. If he had really
thought that he had done wrong with regard to his treatment of the client’s
payments, he would have wasted no time to satisfy the demand of the client for
a refund of the $3,000 which the client sought. Although failure to put client
moneys into a client account is a serious breach, irrespective of the amount
involved – and the two amounts here were small – in our judgment a monetary
penalty in this case would be sufficient to satisfy the considerations of “the
importance of protection of the public and maintaining public confidence in
the manner in which client’s money is to be handled and safeguarded by members
of the legal profession” (_Prem Singh_ at [24]).

64 In considering the appropriate quantum of monetary penalty to be imposed on
the Respondent there is a need to address the gravity and nature of the
Respondent’s misconduct in contradistinction with the misconduct in _Andre
Arul_. Even absent dishonesty or deceit, the misconduct of overcharging in
_Andre Arul_ involved the _intention_ to charge a client more than what was
fair and necessary. However, the situation here of the Respondent putting the
two sums of client money into an office account is quite different in that it
was borne of a mistaken belief, rather than an intention to do an act that is
manifestly improper. Further, one other factor must also be borne in mind –
the sums involved in _Andre Arul_ and those of the present case. In _Andre
Arul_ the court accepted the DT’s decision that a reasonable sum would have
been about $75,000, while the solicitor in fact charged more than $226,000 – a
differential of about $151,000 (at [40]). In this case, the wrong only
involved two small sums of $2,000 and $3,000. Having regard to the _gravity_
and _nature_ of the misconduct, as well as the _potential loss or injury_ to
the client had the solicitor not been brought to task, it is clear to us that
the gravity of the misconduct committed by the Respondent here is certainly
lighter than that in _Andre Arul_ where a penalty of $50,000 was imposed.
Accordingly, we would impose a penalty of $15,000. This should suffice as a
specific as well as a general deterrence.

Conclusion

65 In the result, cause having been shown, we order the Respondent to pay a
penalty of $15,000. He shall also bear the costs of the Law Society.

* * *

[note: 1]The charges were brought by the Law Society on 14 March 2010, before
the 2010 revised edition of the PC Rules came into operation.

[note: 2]Record of Proceedings (“RP”) vol. 3 at p 654.

[note: 3]RP vol. 2 at p 375.

[note: 4]RP vol. 3 at p 756.

[note: 5]_Ibid._

[note: 6]RP vol. 3 at p 757.

[note: 7]_Ibid._

[note: 8]RP vol. 3 at p 761.

[note: 9]_Ibid._

[note: 10]RP vol. 3 at p 653.

[note: 11]RP vol 3 at p 660.

[note: 12]RP vol. 3 at 661.

[note: 13]RP vol.3 at p 654.

[note: 14]RP vol. 3 at p 757.

[note: 15]RP vol. 3 at p 656.

[note: 16]Respondent’s Submissions (“Res Subs”) at p 10.

[note: 17]RP vol. 1 at p 103.

[note: 18]RP vol. 1 at p 89.

[note: 19]RP vol. 2 at p 344.

[note: 20]RP vol. 3 at p 610.

[note: 21]RP vol. 3 at pp 661 – 663.

[note: 22]RP vol. 1 at p 165; RP vol. 2 at p 369.

[note: 23]Res Subs at p 96.

[note: 24]_Ibid._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

