Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

##  Goh Sin Huat Electrical Pte Ltd v Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua Art
Gallery) and another  
[2012] SGCA 32

Case Number| :| Civil Appeal No 61 of 2011  
---|---|---  
Decision Date| :| 26 June 2012  
Tribunal/Court| :| Court of Appeal  
Coram| :|  Chao Hick Tin JA; Andrew Phang Boon Leong JA; V K Rajah JA  
Counsel Name(s)| :|  Cavinder Bull SC and Adam Muneer Yusoff Maniam (Drew &
Napier LLC) for the appellant; Kelvin Poon Kin Mun and Melissa Kue (Rajah &
Tann LLP) for the first respondent; Audrey Chiang Ju Hua and Lim Yew Kuan
Calvin (Rodyk & Davidson LLP) for the second respondent.  
Parties| :|  Goh Sin Huat Electrical Pte Ltd v Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua
Art Gallery) and another  
  
[LawNet Editorial Note: This was an appeal from the decision of the High Court
in [2011] SGHC 108.]

26 June 2012|  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JA (delivering the grounds of decision of the court):

Introduction

1 This appeal arose from the following undisputed facts. A water inlet hose
(“the Water Inlet Hose”) which carried water to a water dispensing unit
(“WDU”) located at the office of the second respondent, Liquid Advertising Pte
Ltd (“Liquid Advertising”) ruptured. This resulted in water seepage into an
art gallery situated directly below. The art gallery was owned and operated by
the first respondent, Ho See Jui trading as Xuanhua Art Gallery (“Ho See
Jui”). The water seepage extensively damaged the paintings displayed and
stored in Ho See Jui’s Xuanhua Art Gallery (“the Art Gallery”). The WDU was
supplied, installed and maintained by the appellant, Goh Sin Huat Electrical
Pte Ltd. Ho See Jui commenced these proceedings against Liquid Advertising and
the appellant in order to recover monies for the loss and damage sustained as
a result of the water leakage from the rupture of the Water Inlet Hose. Both
the trial and this appeal solely concerned the question of liability.
Accordingly, evidence as to the quantum of damages suffered by Ho See Jui was
not adduced.

2 The High Court Judge (“the Judge”) in _Ho See Jui (trading as Xuanhua Art
Gallery) v Liquid Advertising Pte Ltd and another_ [2011] SGHC 108 gave
judgment in favour of Ho See Jui with costs to be borne by Liquid Advertising
and the appellant. The Judge ordered that liability between Liquid Advertising
and the appellant be apportioned in the following proportions: 30% to be borne
by Liquid Advertising and 70% to be borne by the appellant. Further, as
between Liquid Advertising and the appellant, it was ordered that the
appellant indemnify Liquid Advertising in respect of their 30% liability to Ho
See Jui. In effect, the appellant was held to bear 100% of the liability for
Ho See Jui’s losses.

3 After considering the parties’ submissions, this appeal was partially
allowed only with respect to the order of indemnity granted by the Judge.
Thus, the apportionment of liability reverted to 70% to the appellant and 30%
to Liquid Advertising. The costs order was also varied to reflect the
percentage of liability borne by both parties. We now give the full reasons
for our decision.

Background

Personae Dramatis

4 Ho See Jui, the plaintiff and the first respondent in this appeal, is in the
business of exhibiting and selling contemporary Chinese ink paintings which
are traditionally painted on rice paper.

5 Liquid Advertising, the first defendant and second respondent in this appeal
was at all material times the tenant of 70A Bussorah Street (“the Second Floor
Unit”).

6 The appellant, the second defendant, was at all material times the sole
local distributor of the “Frigeria” brand of WDUs, one of which was installed
in the Second Floor Unit. The appellant was also responsible for repairing and
maintaining the said WDU.

Facts

7 Ho See Jui was the tenant of the ground floor of a two-storey shophouse
located at 70 Bussorah Street, Singapore 199483. Ho See Jui owned and operated
the Art Gallery in the leased space where he displayed his traditional rice
paper paintings. The Second Floor Unit which was leased by Liquid Advertising
was located directly above the Art Gallery. On or about 2 April 2001, the
appellant sold Liquid Advertising a “Frigeria” brand of WDU which was
initially installed in Liquid Advertising’s previous office, located at 770A
North Bridge Road, Singapore 198738.

8 On 2 September 2004, acting on Liquid Advertising’s request the appellant
re-installed the WDU in the Second Floor Unit. In the course of the
reinstallation of the WDU, the appellant also supplied a water inlet hose
connecting the water mains in the Second Floor Unit to the WDU. For ease of
reference, the area where the WDU was installed will henceforth be referred to
as the “WDU Area”. It was common ground that the Water Inlet Hose carrying
water to the WDU ruptured sometime between the evening of 24 September 2008
and the early morning of 25 September 2008\. The water that leaked from the
ruptured Water Inlet Hose seeped through the flooring of the Second Floor Unit
into the Art Gallery. Ho See Jui alleged that the water that seeped into the
Art Gallery damaged his paintings and the cabinet storing his paintings – this
damage formed the basis of his action against Liquid Advertising and the
appellant.

The reinstallation agreement

9 On 28 August 2004, shortly before relocating to the Second Floor Unit,
Liquid Advertising entered into an agreement with the appellant for the latter
to re-install the WDU at the new premises (“the Reinstallation
Agreement”)[note: 1]. A quotation issued for the installation (“the
Quotation”) contained the following clause (“the Quotation Warning”):

** PLS NOTE: |  THE PLACE WHERE THE WATER DISPENSER IS INSTALLED SHOULD HAVE A FLOOR TRAP, SO THAT WHEN THERE IS A LEAK IT WILL NOT FLOOD THE AREA. WE WILL NOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE LEAKING OR FLOODING FROM THE FILER OR WATER DISPENSER.  
---|---  
  
  

We should add that it was not disputed that the WDU Area had timber flooring
which could allow water to pass through its cracks.

The maintenance agreements of the WDU

10 Liquid Advertising also entered into service and maintenance contracts with
the appellant in August 2001 (“the First Maintenance Contract”)[note: 2], on
11 December 2003 (“the Second Maintenance Contract”)[note: 3] and on 22 June
2005 (“the Third Maintenance Contract”)[note: 4] (collectively, “the
Maintenance Contracts”). Pursuant to the First Maintenance Contract, the
appellant maintained and serviced the WDU on four separate occasions between
September 2001 and November 2002.[note: 5] The Third Maintenance Contract,
valid from 22 June 2005 to 21 June 2007, stated that the WDU was to be
serviced a total of eight times. In all, the WDU was serviced on 16 occasions.
The last service was conducted on 16 September 2008, eight to nine days before
the rupture of the Water Inlet Hose.[note: 6]

11 Though not in the First Maintenance Contract, the Second and Third
Maintenance Contracts contained the following clause (“the Disclaimer”):

DEAR CUSTOMER,

PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT THE INSTALLATION OF THE WATER COOLER AND/OR WATER
DISPENSER SHOULD BE AT A WET PANTRY AREA. [THE APPELLANT] WILL NOT BE HELD
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM FLOODING OR LEAKING FROM THE WATER
FILTER AND/OR WATER COOLER AND/OR WATER DISPENSER OR ANY DAMAGES FROM THE
INSTALLATION OR REPAIR OR FAULT OF THE WATER COOLER AND/OR WATER DISPENSER.

The Disclaimer was also inserted in the appellant’s service orders which were
issued for services carried out under the Maintenance Contracts, and in the
service order issued for the reinstallation of the WDU at the Second Floor
Unit.

Summary of Pleadings

12 Ho See Jui raised three causes of action against Liquid Advertising in his
claim for general and special damages. He successfully maintained claims in
the tort of negligence, in the tort of private nuisance and under the rule in
_John Rylands and Jehu_ _Horrocks v Thomas Fletcher_ (1868) LR 3 HL 330 (“
_Rylands v Fletcher_ ”). Ho See Jui also pleaded two causes of action against
the appellant; one in the tort of negligence and another in the tort of
private nuisance. Specifically, Ho See Jui alleged that the appellant was
negligent in:

(a) installing the Water Inlet Hose which was inherently unsuitable for the
carriage of potable water and/or for use with the WDU; and

(b) providing and/or installing the Water Inlet Hose without ascertaining
whether the Water Inlet Hose was suitable for use with the WDU.

The appellant denied that it owed a duty of care to Ho See Jui or that it
breached that duty for the following reasons:

(a) the appellant did not know that the carpeted flooring at the WDU Area was
made of timber and that the WDU Area was located directly above Ho See Jui’s
cabinet containing some of his paintings;

(b) the appellant was not responsible for the location where the WDU was
installed;

(c) the appellant did not install the Water Inlet Hose; and

(d) the appellant additionally claimed that the Water Inlet Hose appeared to
have been deliberately cut.

Further, as with his claim against Liquid Advertising, Ho See Jui alleged that
the appellant had created a nuisance by installing the WDU at an inappropriate
location.

Notice of contribution or indemnity

13 On 8 December 2010, Liquid Advertising served a notice claiming
contribution or indemnity against the appellant for any losses attributable to
it from Ho See Jui’s claim. Liquid Advertising claimed that it was entitled to
an indemnity or contribution because the appellant had breached various
implied terms of the Reinstallation Agreement and the Maintenance Contracts in
two aspects:

(a) first, Liquid Advertising took the position that the Water Inlet Hose was
of an unsatisfactory quality and/or was not reasonably fit for its intended
purpose; and

(b) second, Liquid Advertising claimed that the appellant did not perform its
obligations under the Reinstallation Agreement and the Maintenance Contracts
with reasonable care and skill, or at all.

14 The main arguments raised by the appellant in response to Liquid
Advertising’s claim for an indemnity or contribution were as follows:

(a) first, the Maintenance Contracts expired before 24 September 2008 or the
date of rupture of the Water Inlet Hose;

(b) second, under the terms of the Third Maintenance Agreement, the appellant
did not take responsibility for the location of the WDU. Further, the
appellant’s duties only concerned the WDU itself and not the Water Inlet Hose;

(c) third, the terms that Liquid Advertising claimed were implied into the
Reinstallation Agreement and the Third Maintenance Agreement were not so
implied because the Water Inlet Hose was not installed by the appellant; and

(d) fourth, and in the alternative, the appellant was entitled to rely on the
Quotation Warning and the Disclaimer.

The decision below

Cause of the rupture

15 The Judge held that the Water Inlet Hose ruptured due to (a) hydrolysis and
(b) a pre-existing fabrication defect in the form of two helical seam lines
(“the Helical Line Feature”). The Judge found that the Helical Line Feature
would not have had any impact on the use of the Water Inlet Hose if it had
been used for its intended purpose of carrying compressed air.[note: 7] The
Judge also accepted expert opinions that the Water Inlet Hose was not suitable
for use with the WDU on the basis of an industry standard for the types of
hoses approved for the carriage of water.[note: 8] The three causes identified
for the rupture were:

(a) first, the hydrolytic degradation of the Water Inlet Hose;

(b) second, the Helical Line Feature; and

(c) third, the location of the WDU at the WDU Area because the flooring of the
WDU Area was water permeable.

16 Rejecting the appellant’s argument that the Water Inlet Hose was not
installed by them, the Judge found that on the balance of probabilities the
evidence suggested that the Water Inlet Hose must have been the water inlet
hose that was installed by the appellant on 2 September 2004.

Liability and apportionment

17 As noted above, the Judge found that Liquid Advertising was liable to Ho
See Jui for all three causes of action in the tort of negligence, private
nuisance and the rule under _Rylands v Fletcher_. The _sole reason_ identified
by the Judge as underscoring Liquid Advertising’s liability was the fact that
they instructed the appellant to install the WDU at the WDU Area (_ie_ , the
third cause stated above at [15]) despite the Quotation Warning (above at
[9]), the Disclaimer and warnings in the service orders (above at [10]–[11]).
Liquid Advertising did not appeal against any of the Judge’s findings.

18 On the other hand, the appellant was only found to be liable to Ho See Jui
for having committed the tort of private nuisance. The Judge reasoned that the
appellant was responsible for installing the Water Inlet Hose which was
unsuitable for the carriage of water and for ignoring its own warnings that
the WDU should have been installed at the wet pantry area. Unlike Liquid
Advertising, the appellant was held to be responsible for _all three causes_
which were identified by the Judge (above at [15]). As for Ho See Jui’s claim
against the appellant in negligence, the Judge held that she was not satisfied
that the appellant owed Ho See Jui a duty of care. Accordingly, no finding was
made in relation to this claim.

19 Having found Liquid Advertising to be liable under all three causes of
action and the appellant in the tort of private nuisance, the Judge found that
Ho See Jui was entitled to a joint judgment as the acts of either defendant
could not be attributed to distinct portions of the damage suffered by Ho See
Jui. As noted above, the damage was identified to have been caused by a
combination of three causes, _viz_ , the Helical Line Feature, hydrolytic
degradation of the Water Inlet Hose and the location of the WDU at the WDU
Area. By reason of Liquid Advertising’s limited responsibility only in
relation to the location of the WDU, the Judge found that a just and equitable
apportionment was 30% liability to Liquid Advertising and 70% liability to the
appellant.[note: 9]

Indemnity

20 The Judge also found that Liquid Advertising was entitled to an indemnity
from the appellant by reason of breaches of implied conditions under the
Reinstallation Agreement, implied under s 4(2) of the Supply of Goods Act (Cap
394, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the SGA”). First, s 4(2) of the SGA implied that the goods
supplied under the contract were of “ _satisfactory quality_ ”. Second, s
4(2A) of the SGA provided for an objective test for determining whether the
goods were of satisfactory quality:

(2A) For the purposes of this section and section 5, goods are of satisfactory
quality if they meet the standard that a reasonable person would regard as
satisfactory, taking account of any description of the goods, the price (if
relevant) and all the other relevant circumstances.

The Judge held that the Water Inlet Hose that the appellant had supplied was
unsatisfactory because a reasonable person would consider that a hose meant to
carry water should not be made of a material prone to hydrolytic degradation.
The implied condition that goods supplied by the appellant are to be of
satisfactory quality was breached for the same reason. Accordingly, the
appellant was ordered to indemnify Liquid Advertising’s proportion of
liability owed to Ho See Jui.

The appellant’s case

21 The appellant took issue with the Judge’s (a) findings of fact, (b) the
apportionment of liability and (c) the order to indemnify Liquid Advertising.

Findings of fact

22 The following grounds of appeal were raised against the two primary
findings of fact identified as relevant to the appellant’s liability under the
tort of private nuisance:

(a) _Whether it was the appellant who had installed the Water Inlet Hose_
:[note: 10] specifically, the appellant argued that the Judge failed to give
due weight to the evidence of all three expert witnesses which strongly
suggested that the Water Inlet Hose could not have been the same water inlet
hose that had been installed by the Appellant four years earlier in 2004.

(b) _Whether the appellant was responsible for the location of the WDU at the
WDU Area_ : [note: 11] the appellant argued that the Judge failed to give due
weight to the appellant’s provision of numerous warnings to Liquid Advertising
which clearly stated that the WDU should have been installed at a wet pantry
area and that the appellant would not be responsible for any leakage. In
essence, the appellant argued that the Judge should have placed greater weight
on Liquid Advertising’s unilateral and independent decision to install the WDU
at the WDU Area.

Apportionment of liability

23 In the alternative, on the issue of apportionment of liability between
Liquid Advertising and the appellant, the following grounds of appeal were
raised:[note: 12]

(a) that the Judge failed to give due weight to the fact that Liquid
Advertising had been provided with numerous warnings by the appellant that the
WDU should have been installed at a wet pantry area; and

(b) that the learned Judge completely failed to consider the unchallenged
evidence before the Court that locating the WDU at the wet pantry area would
have prevented most, if not all, of the water that had leaked from the Water
Inlet Hose from flowing to the Art Gallery; as most of the leaked water would
have been drained away.

The order to indemnify Liquid Advertising

24 Finally, on the issue of indemnity, the appellant made the following
submissions:[note: 13]

(a) the Judge completely failed to give consideration to her other holding
that Liquid Advertising itself had been negligent in instructing that the WDU
be located at the WDU Area and not the wet pantry area; and

(b) the Judge fell into error by failing to take Liquid Advertising’s
contributory negligence into account when deciding on the extent, if any, to
which the appellant was obliged to indemnify Liquid Advertising.

Issues before this Court

25 Broadly speaking, the appellant raised three grounds of appeal which will
be addressed in the following order:

(a) whether the findings of fact made by the Judge in support of the
appellant’s liability in the tort of private nuisance were supported by the
weight of the evidence before the Court (below at [26]–[47]);

(b) whether the Judge erred in the apportionment of liability (below at
[48]–[58]); and

(c) whether the Judge erred in ordering the appellant to completely indemnify
Liquid Advertising (below at [59]–[63]).

Issue 1: Whether the findings of fact made by the Judge in support of the
appellant’s liability in the tort of private nuisance were supported by the
weight of the evidence before the Court

First finding: Whether the Water Inlet Hose had been installed by the
appellant

26 The appellant placed great weight on certain excerpts from the expert
evidence before the Judge relating to the condition of the Water Inlet Hose.
The Water Inlet Hose was described as follows: _“it was very new_ ”;[note: 14]
and that it _“would appear likely that the pipe was very recently installed_
”.[note: 15] By reason of the alleged “pristine state” of the hose, the
appellant argued that the Water Inlet Hose could not have been the same hose
that was installed by the appellant four years prior to the incident.
Secondly, the appellant postulated that based on the expert evidence before
the Court, the hydrolytic degradation would have caused any water inlet hose
similar to the Water Inlet Hose to have ruptured within weeks or months of
being exposed to water. Thus it was clear that the Water Inlet Hose could not
have been the same water inlet hose that had been installed by the appellant
in September 2004.[note: 16] In summary, the appellant sought to establish
that the Water Inlet Hose was not installed by them because (a) it looked too
new to be four years old, and (b) because if it indeed was installed in 2004,
by reason of the process of hydrolytic degradation, it would have ruptured
within weeks or months of exposure to water.

27 Our appraisal of the expert opinion relied on by the appellant revealed
that the high threshold for appellate review of a finding of fact was not met
as the expert evidence did not clearly indicate either (a) or (b) (above at
[26]). Even if it were accepted that there were gaps in the evidence, and the
appellant was right that the Water Inlet Hose was replaced after 2004, on a
balance of probabilities, this replacement was likely to have been performed
by the appellant. Why would Liquid Advertising have chosen to replace the
water inlet hose itself or engaged some other party to do so when it had an
existing maintenance arrangement with the appellant (see [36]–[41] below)?
With that general preface we turn to examining this argument more closely.

The Water Inlet Hose looked “new”

(A) The preliminary examination report

28 Liquid Advertising’s witness, Mr Graham Alan Cooper (“Mr Cooper”) had prior
experience as a materials scientist specialising in failure analysis and
failure investigation for more than 25 years. The appellant heavily relied on
the reproduced portion of Mr Cooper’s report (“the preliminary report”) which
was based on a preliminary, non-destructive inspection of the Water Inlet Hose
on or about 20 October 2008 (less than a month after its rupture on 25
September 2008). It was carried out on the instructions of Liquid
Advertising’s loss adjusters, Cunningham Lindsay (Singapore) Pte Ltd. Mr
Cooper observed as follows:[note: 17]

The pipe is in _pristine condition_ with only minimal wear and abrasion
present on the outer surfaces. The general condition of the pipe suggests that
_it is nearly new_ , which is consistent with it having been _fitted to the
water cooler very recently_. _The condition is not consistent with the
reported age of the water cooler, i.e. 4 years_. [emphasis added]

29 The weight to be given to Mr Cooper’s opinion must be determined keeping in
mind that this report was preliminary. Further, Mr Cooper only carried out a
non-destructive inspection of the Water Inlet Hose and the inspection was only
a visual one which did not involve any detailed analysis of the same.[note:
18] Liquid Advertising argued that the purpose of Mr Cooper’s report was for
him to assess whether the damage had been caused externally or whether there
was a defect with the Water Inlet Hose. After having examined the Water Inlet
Hose in greater detail, Mr Cooper found that there were no markings on it
which identified the date of its manufacture.[note: 19]

30 In his subsequent expert report, Mr Cooper clarified his views in relation
to the appearance of the Water Inlet Hose. In Mr Cooper’s expert report dated
4 October 2010, he reiterated that when he had conducted the examination of
the Water Inlet Hose in October 2008, the Water Inlet Hose was in very good
condition:[note: 20]

The [Water Inlet Hose] was found to be in visually very good condition ...,
with only minimal wear and abrasion present on the outer surface.

However, Mr Cooper also stated as follows:[note: 21]

Markings on the hose identified its manufacturer, size and type. However,
there were no markings present that identified its date of manufacture. It is
therefore not possible to conclusively establish the age of the hose. The
exterior of the hose was in almost pristine condition, which suggested that it
may have been relatively new at the time of the incident, as stated at page 2
of [the preliminary report]. _However, I should clarify that if it had been
installed in a relatively clean environment and had been protected from
general wear and tear, it is possible that it could have been the original
hose that was fitted when the subject WDU was installed at [Liquid
Advertising’s] Premises in 2004_. [emphasis added]

31 The Water Inlet Hose was installed in an enclosed office area, outside of
the wet pantry area which was used for spraying adhesives in the course of
Liquid Advertising’s business. It was not exposed to sunlight or adhesives.
The appearance alone of the hose, documented in a preliminary report did not
establish, on a balance of probabilities, that it was new. Mr Cooper’s
evidence was interpreted by the Judge in support of her findings; it was
reasonably plausible that in the conditions in which the Water Inlet Hose was
stored, it remained looking new despite its age and installation in 2004. Thus
the appellant’s submission was not borne out by Mr Cooper’s preliminary view
alone.

(B) Mr Liam Kok Chye’s expert report

32 Ho See Jui’s witness at the trial below, Liam Kok Chye (“Mr Liam”) had
relevant experience in failure and material analysis of polymers and plastics.
The appellant relied on para 5.2(d) of Mr Liam’s expert report, wherein he
stated as follows:[note: 22]

Based on a review of the reported background information regarding the WDU, it
appears that the WDU was in use for about 8 years. The [Water Inlet Hose] was
also reportedly **_replaced_** around 4 years prior to the incident.
Considering that the [Water Inlet Hose] instead of commonly accepted tube
material such as polyethylene was used, _it is likely that this [Water Inlet
Hose] was changed from the originally installed [water inlet hose]_. [emphasis
added]

On a plain reading, this excerpt from Mr Liam’s evidence did not lend any
support to the appellant’s argument. In our view, Mr Liam was merely
confirming the likelihood that the Water Inlet Hose was the hose which was
“reportedly replaced” in 2004 as it could not have been the same tube as was
installed when the WDU was installed eight years earlier. In other words, when
the WDU was re-installed in the Second Floor Unit, the Water Inlet Hose was
replaced. Accordingly, on the first issue of the “new appearance” of the Water
Inlet Hose, one possible explanation as suggested by Mr Cooper was the clean
environment that it was stored in. At the end of the day, it appeared plain to
us that the evidence relied upon by the appellant did not establish that the
finding of fact made by the Judge (_ie_ , that the Water Inlet Hose was
installed by the appellant in 2004) was plainly wrong or unjustified.

The likely period of time before the Water Inlet Hose should have ruptured

33 Secondly, the appellant also relied on the argument that the Water Inlet
Hose could not have been the same one which was installed in 2004 as, by
reason of the speed of hydrolytic degradation, it would not have remained
intact for four years. The appellant relied on Mr Liam’s evidence in support
of this proposition. In his expert report, Mr Liam noted that the Water Inlet
Hose, being made of polyester, was susceptible to degradation on prolonged
contact with water and was thus inappropriate for use in potable water systems
like the WDU.[note: 23] Mr Liam also clarified that the degradation of the
Water Inlet Hose due to exposure to water would have taken place within _a few
weeks or months_ :[note: 24]

Q:  |  When you say “prolonged contact”, how long would this be? Would this be one day, one week, roughly?  
---|---  
A:  |  It’s unlikely to be one day or one week, it’s going to take more than that. But it’s not possible to put a timeline actually on how long it would take.  
COURT:  |  A number of years, isn’t it, Mr Liam?  
A:  |  Yes, your Honour.  
COURT: |  _When you said prolonged, you are talking in terms of years_?  
A:  |  _Not -- maybe in terms of, maybe months, weeks or months._  
COURT:  |  Months?  
A:  |  _Yes, but we -- because it is very dependent on the material, the material composition, the material make and all that. So we cannot put a figure to that_.  
... |   
COURT: |  So that is how you get the chemical attack and I suppose over a prolonged period, you can’t say how long.   
A: |  Yes, your Honour.  
[emphasis added]  
  
  

34 On the one hand, the appellant argued that it was significant that when
directly queried by the Judge if the degradation of the Water Inlet Hose would
have taken place over a period of years, Mr Liam’s response was that the
degradation would have occurred within _weeks or months_.[note: 25] Liquid
Advertising, on the other hand, interpreted Mr Liam’s evidence as indicating
that his comments in relation to the time frame of “months or weeks” related
to the time before degradation set in and the chemical attack took place
rather than how long it would have taken from the time the Water Inlet Hose
came into contact with water to the time it ruptured.[note: 26] Unfortunately,
the precise time likely to have been taken from the installation of the Water
Inlet Hose to its rupture was not extensively investigated in any of the
expert reports.

35 In light of the unsatisfactory nature of the evidence, leaving aside the
question of degradation for a moment, on the evidence before this Court, _even
if_ the water inlet hose installed in 2004 had indeed been replaced, we were
of the view that on the balance of probabilities it was replaced by the
appellant (below at [36]–[41]). Thus the arguments raised by the appellant
seeking to establish that the Water Inlet Hose was not installed by them were
effectively neutralised. The objective evidence supported the finding that any
subsequent replacement of the water inlet hose was, on a balance of
probabilities, performed by the appellant.

Replacement Water Inlet Hose

36 It was not disputed that a water inlet hose had been installed by the
appellant in September 2004. The issue really was whether an independent third
party or perhaps even Liquid Advertising had installed a replacement in the
four years between 2004 and the date of rupture. We found the likelihood of
Liquid Advertising choosing to replace the water inlet hose on its own accord
to be highly unlikely. The replacement of the water inlet hose would have
involved the following steps which were both time consuming and required
expertise on the part of the individual servicing the equipment:[note: 27]

(a) measuring the length of the water inlet hose to be replaced;

(b) removing the same from the back of the WDU and the filter;

(c) passing it through a hole in the door frame;

(d) attaching the new water inlet hose to the water filter;

(e) passing the same through the hole in the door frame; and

(f) attaching the other end to the back of the WDU.

Thus, Liquid Advertising was likely to have lacked the necessary expertise to
replace the water inlet hose, explaining their decision to enter into three
separate agreements with the appellants to service and maintain the WDU unit
in the first place. In fact, as noted above (at [10]), the appellant continued
to service the WDU regularly until 16 September 2008, eight to nine days
before the incident.[note: 28]

37 Further, upon cross-examination, the appellant’s service director, Mr Goh
Chin Siew (“Mr Goh”), went so far as to state that there was no reason for the
appellant to believe that any third party had serviced the WDU:[note: 29]

Q:Would you agree with me that since the day my client bought the [WDU] from
your company in 2001, your company had regularly serviced the [WDU]?

A:Yes.

Q:And they had several contracts with my client for it -- they had several
maintenance contracts; right?

A:No, one contract, but renewal.

Q:So it has been renewed?

A:Yes.

_Q:_ _If that is the case, there is no reason for you to believe that anyone
else had serviced it?_

A:Yes.

[emphasis added]

38 It was also Mr Goh’s evidence that if there was a need to replace the Water
Inlet Hose the appellant would have supplied one:[note: 30]

Q:Since the water inlet hose was supplied by your company in September 2004
and you said just now that you have no reason to believe that anyone else had
serviced the water dispenser but your company, would you agree that,
therefore, the water [inlet] hose ... which eventually burst was actually
supplied by [the appellant]?

AI disagree.

QBut you said earlier in cross-examination by my learned friend that if you
had to replace a pipe, you would find a pipe that is of a similar colour or
similar make?

A:Yes.

Q: _So since this [WDU] had not been serviced by anyone else, which you
accept, if there was a need to replace a water inlet hose, for example, during
installation, you would have supplied the pipes_?

A: _If it’s a job done by [the appellant], yes_.

[emphasis added]

39 Furthermore, we were inclined to agree that if a third party had provided
another water inlet hose, Liquid Advertising’s employees would have had either
the knowledge or a record of this. Liquid Advertising employees/ex-employees
testified that the water inlet hose was installed by the appellant and/or that
the appellant was the only party who had provided maintenance services for the
WDU.

40 While the appellant argued that the Water Inlet Hose could have been
subsequently replaced by someone else and that other employees of Liquid
Advertising who did not testify may have known of this, these arguments were
speculative. It was always open to the appellant to call any witness and
discover any documents that it thought would advance its case theory.
Pertinently, the evidence given by Liquid Advertising’s employees who were
called as witnesses was not challenged by the appellants. Further, it seemed
curious that the appellant would have continued to regularly service the WDU
unit without realising that a replacement had been made by a third party.

41 Accordingly, if indeed there had been any replacement of the water inlet
hose between 2004 and the date of rupture, on a balance of probabilities, on
the evidence, we were satisfied that this replacement was performed by the
appellant. Accordingly, there was no reason to disturb the Judge’s finding
that the Water Inlet Hose was installed by the appellant.

Second finding: Whether the appellant was responsible for the location of the
WDU at the WDU area

42 The appellant further submitted that the Judge erred in finding that the
appellant was responsible for the location of the WDU for the following
reasons:[note: 31]

(a) pursuant to a contractual arrangement between the appellant and Liquid
Advertising it was Liquid Advertising and not the appellant who would be
responsible for the location of the WDU; and

(b) it was Liquid Advertising’s unilateral decision that the WDU was to be
installed at the WDU area.

Accordingly, the appellant took the position that it had been wrongly held
responsible for the third cause of the location of the WDU in the WDU Area. As
noted above at [41], as the appellant was found to have installed the Water
Inlet Hose, the Judge’s findings of liability founded by the two other causes,
_viz_ , the Helical Line Feature and hydrolytic degradation remained
undisturbed. On the available evidence, we found that the Judge was correct to
have found the appellant responsible for the location of the WDU at the WDU
Area instead of the wet pantry area for the reasons stated below.

43 The appellant relied on the Disclaimer and Quotation Warning in the
quotation and service contracts (above at [9]–[11]) which notified Liquid
Advertising of the dangers of installing a WDU outside the wet pantry area. It
was argued that the decision to install the WDU in the WDU Area rather than
the wet pantry area was made by Liquid Advertising without reference to the
appellant. The appellant suggested that Liquid Advertising wished to use the
wet pantry area to carry out the spraying of adhesives on art work, which was
part of its advertising business. Also, the appellant heavily relied on the
fact that in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief (“AEIC”), Mr Goh explained
that the above warnings had been introduced into the appellant’s contracts and
service orders as the appellant had no way of controlling where the owner of a
WDU may decide to install the WDU or the suitability of the placement site of
the WDU. He stated as follows:[note: 32]

10\. …

h. The [WDU] is small and light. And, [Liquid Advertising] could re-position
the said [WDU] wherever they chose.

11\. In short [the appellant] incorporated the warning that the [WDU] should
be installed in a wet pantry area because it has no way of controlling where
the owner may decide to install the said [WDU] or knowing how suitable that
placement site may be. _[The appellant] would install a [WDU] in a library or_
_a meeting room if that is what a buyer of a Frigeria_ _[WDU] wants and will
pay for_.

[emphasis added]

44 It was not disputed that Liquid Advertising had instructed the appellant to
install the WDU at the WDU Area. It was also not disputed that the decision on
where to place the WDU had been made independently by Liquid Advertising,
before it instructed the appellant to relocate the WDU.[note: 33] In fact,
before the Judge, Mr Adrian Ng of Liquid Advertising explained that the
decision to locate the WDU at the WDU Area and not the wet pantry area was a
conscious decision made by Liquid Advertising.[note: 34] It was because of
Liquid Advertising’s above-mentioned conduct that the Judge found them to have
been responsible for one cause of the damage, namely the third cause, _ie_ ,
the location of the WDU at the WDU Area. As a consequence of this, the Judge
did not find the appellant to be solely responsible for the location of the
WDU. Thus the more relevant question to be asked was whether the fact that
Liquid Advertising had decided the location of the WDU _absolved_ the
appellant of _any responsibility_ in relation to the same. The answer to this
question was in the negative for the reasons given below at [45]–[47].

45 Independent of the responsibility borne by Liquid Advertising for its
instructions, the appellant also did in fact have a role in the location of
the installation of the WDU. The appellant’s conduct in fact illustrated its
awareness of its responsibility. Prior to the relocation and reinstallation of
the WDU at the Second Floor Unit, on 23 August 2004, the appellant sent
experienced workers to assess if the area where Liquid Advertising wanted to
have the WDU installed was appropriate.[note: 35] In addition to a planned
site visit, the appellant’s staff was also trained to verbally inform
customers that the WDU should be installed in a wet pantry area.[note: 36] The
appellant had given internal directions to its staff to comply with the
Quotation Warning:[note: 37]

Q:Do you have internal directions to your staff to comply with the warning?

A:Yes.

Q:In other words, when you say yes, are you saying that you do tell your
staff, “Look this is very important and you must make sure that it is put in a
wet pantry area or else there could be damage”? Is that what you are saying?

A:Yes.

If indeed the appellants had taken a hands-off approach on this issue, as they
alleged, it was odd that they undertook a site visit (in addition to training
and service functions) in relation to the location of installation of the WDU.
Furthermore, contrary to Mr Goh’s AEIC (above at [43]) under cross
examination, Mr Goh accepted that the appellant could also refuse to install
the WDU in an unsuitable area.[note: 38] This admission alone was sufficient
to expose the fact that the appellant viewed itself as, at the very least,
partially responsible for the location of the installation of the WDU. Mr Goh
stated as follows:[note: 39]

A:Our practice is if they know it’s not a wet pantry area and if they advise
the customer and the customer don’t want to listen [_sic_], _we actually will
not provide the service.__We will not install if it is not a wet pantry area._

[emphasis added]

Further, not only did the appellant have a _right_ to refuse to install the
WDU outside the wet pantry area but the appellant also took the view that
faced with such a request, they would simply “ _not do it_ ”.[note: 40]

Q:If you go to clause 8, it reads:

“[The appellant] reserves the right to refuse to undertake any service or
repairs of any appliances which may contradict or be not in conformance with
good business ethics or which Goh Sin Huat in its complete discretion may see
fit to refuse”.

A:Yes.

Q:So you agree with me that you have the right not to install a water cooler
in a place that is not a wet pantry area, even if the customer asks you to do
it?

A: _If it’s not a wet pantry area, we will not do it_.

[emphasis added]

46 Given these facts it was only reasonable that the appellant bore some
responsibility to Liquid Advertising as the installer and servicer of the
“Frigeria” brand of WDU. The appellant would have known far better than a
commercial client what constituted a “suitable area” for the installation of
the WDU. On this basis alone, the appellant owed a duty to its customer to
take reasonable care and skill in the installation of the WDUs. Also, Ho See
Jui’s expert witness Mr Wan Fook Yong stated that when installing the WDU in a
non-wet pantry area, the appellant should have installed a tray beneath the
WDU with a connecting discharge pipe leading to the water trap in the wet
pantry area to prevent or mitigate the damage caused by any possible
leakage.[note: 41] Despite having knowledge of the significance of such a
discharge pipe and its significance when a WDU is installed in a non-wet
pantry area, the appellant failed to install such a pipe.[note: 42]

47 The Judge, in our view, correctly found that the appellant was at least
equally responsible for ignoring its own Quotation Warning when installing the
WDU at the WDU Area. Further, from the evidence discussed above, it was clear
that the appellant saw itself as responsible to some degree for the location
of installation of the WDU and could have refused to install the WDU at an
unsuitable area even if so instructed by a client. This evidence shone an
unflattering light on the contractual agreement with Liquid Advertising as
described by the appellant. Furthermore, in installing the WDU in a non-wet
pantry area, the appellant should have installed a discharge tube so as to
mitigate any water leakage. Accordingly, the Judge’s finding that both the
appellant and Liquid Advertising were responsible for the location of the WDU
was clearly supported by the weight of the evidence. Thus, the appellant’s
challenge to the Judge’s finding on its liability was without merit. The
question then turned to whether the Judge erred in the apportionment of
liability between Liquid Advertising and the appellant as joint tortfeasors.

Issue 2: Whether the Judge erred in the apportionment of liability between
Liquid Advertising and the appellant

The law on appellate review of apportionment of liability

48 More than 12 years ago it was held by this Court in the case of _Chuang_
_Uming_ _(Pte) Ltd v Setron Ltd and another appeal_ [1999] 3 SLR(R) 771, that
apportionment of liability between two defendants must be carried out in a
manner that is just and equitable, having regard to the person’s
responsibility for the damage in question. In _TV Media Pte Ltd v De Cruz
Andrea Heidi and another appeal_ [2004] 3 SLR(R) 543 (“ _TV Media_ ”) at
[159], in relation to the appeal on apportionment of damages, citing _Ramoo v
Gan_ _Soo Swee_ [1971–1973] SLR(R) 42 at [15] and _British Fame (Owners) v
Macgregor (Owners) (The Macgregor)_ [1943] AC 197 at 201 (“ _The Macgregor_
”), this Court observed that:

159 An appellate court is only justified in interfering with a trial judge's
apportionment of damages in “ _very exceptional circumstances_ ” ... [emphasis
added]

The words in quotation marks in the above quote, _ie_ , “very exceptional
circumstances”, were quoted from _The Macgregor_. It appears to us that this
observation requires further clarification. To start with, it is worthwhile
setting out the full context within which the _The Macgregor_ quote cited _in
part_ above (cited with approval in _TV Media_), should be understood. In _The
Macgregor_ , Lord Chancellor Viscount Simon had stated at 198–199:

The only question that remains for debate is the question of the distribution
of that blame. Speaking for myself, I think that the conclusion at which
Bucknill J. arrived on that question was a perfectly reasonable one, having
regard to the facts which he found. The Court of Appeal, however, has thought
it right while maintaining the view that both ships were to blame, to vary the
distribution of the blame by putting two-thirds of it on the _British Fame_
and relieving the _Macgregor_ so that the _Macgregor_ has to carry only the
remaining one-third.

It seems to me, my Lords, that the cases must be very exceptional indeed in
which an appellate court, while accepting the findings of fact of the court
below as to the fixing of blame, none the less has sufficient reason to alter
the allocation of the blame made by the trial judge. I do not say that there
may not be such cases. I apprehend that, if a number of different reasons were
given why one ship is to blame, but the Court of Appeal, on examination, found
some of those reasons not to be valid, that might have the effect of altering
the distribution of the burden. If the trial judge, when distributing blame,
could be shown to have misapprehended a vital fact bearing on the matter,
that, I think, would be a reason for considering whether a change in the
distribution should be made on appeal. But, subject to rare exceptions, I
submit to the House that, when findings of fact are not disputed and the
conclusion that both vessels are to blame stands, the cases in which an
appellate tribunal will undertake to revise the distribution of blame will be
rare.

Concurring with the Lord Chancellor’s view, Lord Wright explained the
difference between an appeal brought exclusively on findings of fact and one
on apportionment of liability, albeit in the context of admiralty law (at
200). Citing the earlier House of Lords decisions of _The Umtali_ (1938) 160 L
T 114, 117 and _Owners of S.S. Haugland v Owners of S.S. Karamea_ [1922] AC
68, he stated that it would take a “very strong case” to induce a court to
interfere with the judge’s _discretion_ as to the proportions of blame.
Further, so long as the appellate court arrived at the same conclusion on both
the facts and in law, it should not then interfere with the apportionment
order merely because it disagrees with the proportions given by the trial
judge. Explaining his view further he remarked, in apportionment appeals (at
201):

It is a question of the degree of fault, depending on a trained and expert
judgment considering all the circumstances, and it is different in essence
from a mere finding of fact in the ordinary sense. It is a question, not of
principle or of positive findings of fact or law, but of proportion, of
balance and relative emphasis, and of weighing different considerations. It
involves an individual choice or discretion, as to which there may well be
differences of opinion by different minds. It is for that reason, I think,
that an appellate court has been warned against interfering save in very
exceptional circumstances, with the judge’s apportionment.

49 It is, however, clear that ‘exceptional’ circumstances as conceived by the
House of Lords, includes the trial judge’s error in law and failure to apply
his or her mind to a material fact bearing on the relative culpability of the
parties found to be jointly liable. By way of comparison, in appeals against
ordinary findings of fact, this Court in _Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996]
1 SLR(R) 939 at [21] had earlier adopted the approach of the House of Lords in
its seminal decision in _Mrs Sarah Ann_ _Clarke v Edinburgh and District
Tramways Company, Limited_ (1919) SC HL 35 wherein Lord Shaw of Dunfermline
said (at 36):

When a Judge hears and sees witnesses and makes a conclusion or inference with
regard to what is the weight on balance of their evidence, that judgment is
entitled to great respect, and that quite irrespective of whether the Judge
makes any observation with regard to credibility or not. I can of course quite
understand a Court of Appeal that says that it will not interfere in a case in
which the Judge has announced as part of his judgment that he believes one set
of witnesses, having seen them and heard them, and does not believe another.
But that is not the ordinary case of a cause in a Court of justice. In Courts
of justice in the ordinary case things are much more evenly divided; witnesses
without any conscious bias towards a conclusion may have in their demeanour,
in their manner, in their hesitation, in the nuance of their expressions, in
even the turns of the eyelid, left an impression upon the man who saw and
heard them which can never be reproduced in the printed page. What in such
circumstances, thus psychologically put, is the duty of the appellate Court?
In my opinion, the duty of an appellate Court in these circumstances is for
each Judge of it to put to himself, as I now do in this case, the question, Am
I — who sit here without those advantages, sometimes broad and sometimes
subtle, which are the privilege of the Judge who heard and tried the case – in
a position, not having those privileges, to come to a clear conclusion that
the Judge who had them was plainly wrong? _If I cannot be satisfied in my own
mind that the judge with those privileges was_** _plainly wrong_** _, then it
appears to me to be my duty to defer to his judgment_.

[emphasis added in italics and bold italics]

The basis for review of findings of fact in the Singapore context has been
restated in _Tat Seng Machine Movers Pte Ltd v Orix Leasing Singapore Ltd_
[2009] 4 SLR(R) 1101 (“ _Tat Seng_ ”) at [41] where this Court stated as
follows:

41 Given that this appeal largely involves the evaluation of the Judge's
finding of facts below, it is apposite that we remind ourselves of an
appellate court's role with respect to the finding of facts made in the course
of a trial. The appellate court's power of review with respect to finding of
facts is limited because the trial judge is generally better placed to assess
the veracity and credibility of witnesses, especially where oral evidence is
concerned (_Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR(R)
53 at [22]). However, this rule is not immutable. Where it can be established
that the trial judge's assessment is plainly wrong or against the weight of
the evidence, the appellate court can and should overturn any such finding
(see _Alagappa Subramanian v Chidambaram s/o Alagappa_ [2003] SGCA 20 at [13]
and _Jagatheesan_ _s/o Krishnasamy v PP_ [2006] 4 SLR(R) 45 at [34] – [36]).
Furthermore, where a particular finding of fact is not based on the veracity
or credibility of the witness, but instead, is based on an inference drawn
from the facts or the evaluation of primary facts, the appellate court is in
as good a position as the trial judge to undertake that exercise (_Tan Chin
Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR(R) 307 at [54] and _Ho Soo Fong
v Standard Chartered Bank_ [2007] 2 SLR(R) 181 at [20]). In so doing, the
appellate court will evaluate the cogency of the evidence given by the
witnesses by testing it against inherent probabilities or against
uncontroverted facts (_Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 1 SLR(R) 939 at
[22]).

Thus, a finding of fact is subject to appellate intervention where it is
plainly wrong or unjustified by the totality of the evidence (“findings of
fact test”). The “exceptional circumstances” test as articulated in _The
Macgregor_ also falls within the ambit of the findings of fact test as it is
triggered when the trial judge has failed to apply his mind to a material fact
or has made an order unsupported by the totality of the evidence. The question
then arises as to whether there really can be said to be a separate, higher
standard of appellate review for appeals concerning the apportionment of
liability among two or more defendants and if so whether such a standard is
defensible. A close analysis of the English and Australian positions clarifies
that in practice, the threshold of review envisioned for both types of appeals
is in fact the same. In other words, a unified approach to the appellate
review of findings of fact and apportionment of liability has been taken.

50 By way of example, in the English Court of Appeal decision in _Wells v
Mutchmeats Ltd_ and Another [2006] EWCA Civ 963 (“ _Wells v Mutchmeats_ ”) at
[15], the court quoted Brook LJ’s judgment in _Plumb v Lisa Ayres and Ryford
Ltd_ , Court of Appeal transcript [1988] 1028/2 of 17 March 1999:

It is very firmly established that this court will not interfere with a trial
judge's apportionment of responsibility _unless it can be shown that he erred
in principle, or misapprehended the facts, or he is clearly shown to have been
wrong_ _…_ [emphasis added]

Similarly, the more recent English Court of Appeal’s decision _Woodham v M
Turner T/A Turners of Great Barton and Peterborough City Council_ [2012] EWCA
Civ 375, is illustrative of the view that when the appellate court is
satisfied that the trial judge erred in his analysis of the evidence in
relation to the blameworthiness of the parties, it will intervene. The court
remarked at [36] as follows:

I appreciate that the appellate court is indeed ordinarily slow to interfere
in a question of apportionment in cases of this kind. But in my own view,
having regard to his primary findings, the judge simply was wrong to attribute
the greater share of responsibility to Miss Turner in the way that he did, and
was wrong to assess her overall liability as that of 70 per cent. Moreover, I
have concerns that the judge, on the issue of assessing relative
responsibility and apportionment, may not have had sufficient regard for those
purposes of the potential significance of Mr Gladwish's evidence. I am not
able to agree with Mr Ferris's submission that the greater share of
responsibility lay with Mr Woodham. In my view, on the facts of this
particular case, there was no reason to differentiate between the two in terms
of apportionment of responsibility. In my view, the appropriate finding should
have been, and is, that Mr Woodham was 50 per cent liable for what happened
and Miss Turner was 50 per cent liable for what happened.

51 Very recently, in _Satnam_ _Rehill v Rider Holdings Limited_ [2012] EWCA
Civ 628, the English Court of Appeal discussed the applicable principles of
appellate review of apportionment of liability (in contributory negligence) by
a lower court. In this case, allowing the appeal in part, the court
substituted the apportionment of liability of the lower court from one-third
to half. Citing its earlier decision in _Karen Janet Eagle (By her Litigation
Friend E E Giles) v Garth Maynard Chambers_ [2003] EWCA Civ 1107 approvingly,
the court noted, at [28]:

It is submitted that the correct place to start is _Eagle v Chambers_ [2003]
EWCA Civ 1107 ... In that case the driver had struck a young woman walking at
night in the carriageway. The trial judge found that she should bear a greater
share of the responsibility for her injures and apportioned her contribution
at 60 per cent. The Court of Appeal substituted a figure of 40 per cent. Hale
LJ, giving the judgment of the court, stated at para [10] that there are two
aspects to apportioning responsibility between claimant and defendant, namely
the respective causative potency of what they have done and their respective
blameworthiness. The court rejected an argument, based on the wording of
section 1(1) of the Law Reform (Contributory Negligence) Act 1945, that the
primary focus should be on the claimant's conduct and her share in the
responsibility: Hale LJ said at para [14] that realistically the court has to
compare the two parties. At para [16] she said this:

“We also accept that this court is always reluctant to interfere with the
trial judge's judgment of what apportionment between the parties is 'just and
equitable' under the 1945 Act. _But a finding as to which, if either, of the
parties was the more responsible for the damage is different from a finding as
to the precise extent of a less than 50 per cent contribution. There is a
qualitative difference between a finding of 60 per cent contribution and a
finding of 40 per cent which is not so apparent in the quantitative difference
between 40 per cent and 20 per cent._ ”

[emphasis added]

It seems to us that an appellate court ought to intervene in appeals against
apportionment of liability when it can be shown that the trial judge erred in
principle, misapprehended the facts, or is otherwise clearly shown to have
been wrong.

52 A similar approach to this issue has been taken in Australia as illustrated
by the decision in _Podrebersek v Australian Iron and Steel Pty Ltd_ (1985) 59
ALR 529 at [8] where Gibbs CJ, Mason, Wilson, Brennan and Deane JJ merely
observed that such findings would not be reviewed lightly as distinct from
belonging to a special category of fact finding:

A finding on a question of apportionment is a finding upon a “question not of
principle or of positive findings of fact or law, but of proportion, of
balance and relative emphasis, and of weighing different considerations. It
involves an individual choice or discretion, as to which there may well be
differences of opinion by different minds”: _British Fame (Owners) v MacGregor
(Owners)_ [1943] AC 197, at p 201. _Such a finding, if made by a judge, is not
lightly reviewed._ [emphasis added]

In _Macquarie Pathology Services Pty Ltd v Sullivan_ (Court of Appeal (NSW),
28 March 1995) (unreported), Clarke JA said:

It is well established that a trial judge is invested with a very wide
discretion in making his apportionment and that he must be allowed much
latitude in arriving at a judgment as to what is just and equitable. In these
circumstances the onus cast on an appellant who seeks to disturb an
apportionment is a high one ... Obviously where one party can point to an
error of fact or of law on the part of the trial judge it may not be difficult
to argue that his or her determination as to what is just and equitable may be
flawed.

53 While it is important to clarify the approach taken in _The Macgregor_ as
cited in _TV Media_ , it is crucial to also appreciate that findings on
apportionment import a large number of discretionary considerations. In _C (A
Child) v Imperial Design Limited_ [2001] Env LR 33 at [45]–[46] the English
Court of Appeal discussed the comparatively narrower approach taken in _The
Macgregor_ :

45 It is of course well established that the review by this court of the
apportionment by the trial judge is of a very limited nature. As Lord Wright
said in _British Fame (Owners) v. Macgregor (Owners)__(The Macgregor)_ [1942]
AC 197 at 201:

“… I do repeat that it would require a very strong case to justify any such
review of or interference with this matter of apportionment where the same
view is taken of the law and the facts. It is a question of the degree of
fault, depending on a trained and expert judgment considering all the
circumstances, and it is different in essence from a mere finding of fact in
the ordinary sense. _It is a question, not of principle or of positive
findings of fact or law, but of proportion, of balance and relative emphasis,
and of weighing different considerations.__It involves an individual choice or
discretion, as to which there may well be differences of opinion by different
minds. It is for that reason, I think, that an appellate court has been warned
against interfering, save in very exceptional circumstances, with the judge's
apportionment._ The accepted rule was clearly stated by Lord Buckmaster, with
the assent of the other Lords, in Kitano Maru (Owners) v. Otranto (Owners)
(The Otranto) [1931] AC 194, 204, in these words: ‘ _Upon the question of
altering the share of responsibility each has to take, this is primarily a
matter for the judge at the trial, and unless there is some error in law or in
fact in his judgment it ought not to be disturbed.’_ I might add that in The
Karamea, [1921] page 76 the Court of Appeal varied the proportion of liability
because they took a different view of the facts. Their decision was affirmed
by this House: Haugland (Owners) v. Karamea (Owners) [1922] 1 AC 68.”

46 Likewise Viscount Simon LC, at page199, said:

“If the trial judge, when distributing blame, could be shown to have
misapprehended a vital fact bearing on the matter, that, I think, would be a
reason for considering whether a change in the distribution should be made on
appeal.”

[emphasis added]

54 As highlighted in the above excerpt, an appellate court should be mindful
of the fact that by reason of the discretionary nature of apportionment,
wherein the identified causes of damage cannot be clearly attributed to either
party, often there is no intelligible way of distinguishing between why a
trial judge ordered, for example, 25% and not 40% of the liability to be borne
by one party. In such cases, the appellate court ought not to readily
intervene on the basis that it would have exercised its discretion differently
had it decided the matter as a first instance court. That said the review of
apportionment discretion should not be made impossible. Judges are obliged to
justify their determinations on apportionment with clear reasoning (see _Thong
Ah Fat v Public Prosecutor_ [2012] 1 SLR 676 at [14]–[46]). Particularly,
where the apportionment decision of the trial judge is supported by cogent
reasons alluding to the interaction of the respective parties’ individual
culpability in a myriad of identified causes from which the damages flowed,
the appellate court should be slow to intervene. The phrase “exceptional
circumstances” used in _The Macgregor_ should be understood in the light of
the real concerns surrounding the disturbing of discretionary decisions of the
trial judge. Having said that, it is clear that the threshold of appellate
review of apportionment of liability in England and Australia is the same as
that concerning a finding of fact, _ie_ , when the apportionment was plainly
wrong or unjustified on the totality of the evidence before the trial judge.
We endorse this approach. In the circumstances, the law on appellate review of
apportionment of liability as stated by this Court in _TV Media_ should be
read in light of our clarifications here.

55 _We reiterate that the principal objective of the appellate process must be
to do justice by correcting plainly wrong decisions. This function, a
constitutional responsibility of this Court, is a necessary pre-requisite to
ensuring_ _that public confidence in the administration of justice is
maintained. A proper balance has therefore to be struck by appellate courts
between due deference and undue deference in relation to_ _findings of fact
(and apportionment) by trial courts._ _Arid historical distinctions between
correctable errors of law and irretrievable errors of fact no longer resonate.
Improvements to the record, such as verbatim transcripts that are
electronically recorded, now permit closer appellate review of findings of
fact by trial courts. The trial judge’s notes are no longer the only reliable
record of what has transpired below. With this development, some of the
previously exclusive advantages of triers of fact have shrunk._

Application to the facts

56 We return to the facts. The appellant argued that the apportionment of
liability by the Judge in the present case was not just and equitable as the
location of the WDU at the WDU Area was the predominant cause of the damage to
the paintings in the Art Gallery; which Liquid Advertising was allegedly
solely responsible for. For the reasons stated above at [42]–[47], Liquid
Advertising and the appellant were _both_ responsible for the location of the
WDU in the WDU Area. Also, it was precisely because of the absence of clear
evidence to establish whether the Water Inlet Hose (_ie_ , hydrolytic
degradation and Helical Line Feature) or the location of the WDU at the WDU
Area was the predominant cause, that the Judge held that Liquid Advertising
and the appellant were jointly liable and held that all three causes
contributed to Ho See Jui’s damages. The appellant was found to bear a greater
percentage of the liability for its greater responsibility in relation to all
three identified causes.

57 The appellant’s alternative submission that the Judge erred in finding that
the hydrolytic degradation and the Helical Line Feature were two separate
causes was a non-starter.[note: 43] The hydrolytic degradation occurred
because the appellant had selected and supplied a hose which was made of
material unsuitable for the carriage of water. The Helical Line Feature was a
manufacturing feature of the hose which was exacerbated by the improper use of
the installed hose intended for the carriage of air rather than water. No
evidence was led to establish that the hose would have ruptured
notwithstanding the Helical Line Feature or vice-versa, negating the element
of causation for one of the identified causes. The Judge was correct in
defining the causes separately. In any event, the appellant’s complaint did
not further its cause as _even if_ as per the appellant’s suggestion the
unsuitable material of the Water Inlet Hose and the location of installation
of the WDU were the only two operative causes, apportionment would have been
varied to the advantage of Liquid Advertising. The very fact that the
appellant was found to be responsible for both causes as compared with Liquid
Advertising which was specifically found _only_ to be liable for its
responsibility in relation to one of the causes pointed to apportionment in
Liquid Advertising’s favour.

58 Accordingly, in light of the discretionary nature of apportionment and the
lack of any clear evidence of error, the apportionment of liability by the
Judge was not disturbed.

Issue 3: Whether the Judge erred in ordering the appellant to completely
indemnify Liquid Advertising

Applicable law

59 Order 16 r 8 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2006 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) states as follows:

**8.—(1**) Where in any action a defendant —

(_a_) claims against a person who is already a party to the action any
contribution or indemnity;

(_b_) claims against such a person any relief or remedy relating to or
connected with the original subject-matter of the action and substantially the
same as some relief or remedy claimed by the plaintiff; or

(_c_) requires that any question or issue relating to or connected with the
original subject-matter of the action should be determined not only as between
the plaintiff and himself but also as between either or both of them and some
other person who is already a party to the action,

then, subject to paragraph (2), the defendant may, after having entered an
appearance if required to do so under these Rules, without leave, issue and
serve on that person a notice containing a statement of the nature and grounds
of his claim or, as the case may be, of the question or issue required to be
determined.

60 While the Rules set out the necessary procedure, as observed by Chao Hick
Tin JA in _Checkpoint Fluidic Systems International Ltd v Marine Hub Pte Ltd
and Another Appeal_ [2009] SGHC 134, it is trite law that indemnity can arise
from contract, express or implied, or by conduct. A right to indemnity arises
where the relationship between the parties is such that either in law or in
equity there is an obligation upon one party to indemnify the other. Chao JA
quoted Lord Wrenbury’s observations in the Privy Council decision of _Eastern
Shipping Company, Limited v Quah_ _Beng_ _Kee_ [1924] AC 177 at 182–183 are
particularly instructive. Lord Wrenbury stated as follows:

A right to indemnity generally arises from contract express or implied, but it
is not confined to cases of contract. A right to indemnity exists where the
relation between the parties is such that either in law or in equity there is
an obligation upon the one party to indemnify the other. There are, for
instance, cases in which the state of circumstances is such that the law
attaches a legal or equitable duty to indemnify arising from an assumed
promise by a person to do that which, under the circumstances, he ought to do.
The right to indemnify need not arise by contract ; it may (to give other
instances) arise by statute ; it may arise upon the notion of a request made
under circumstances from which the law implies that the common intention is
that the party requested shall be indemnified by the party requesting him ; it
may arise (to use Lord Eldon’s words in _Waring v Ward_ [7 Ves 332, 336]; a
case of vendor and purchaser) in cases in which the Court will “independent of
contract raise upon his (the purchaser’s) conscience an obligation to
indemnify the vendor against the personal obligation” of the vendor.

Appellant did not owe an obligation to indemnify Liquid Advertising under the
Reinstallation Agreement

61 The Judge ordered the appellant to indemnify Liquid Advertising’s 30% (to
be assessed) on the basis of the breach of implied terms of the Reinstallation
Agreement. The implied terms identified pursuant to the SGA were as follows:

(a) the Water Inlet Hose supplied under the contract for reinstallation of the
WDU was to be of satisfactory quality; and

(b) the said Water Inlet Hose was to be reasonably fit for its purpose of the
carriage of water.

In the present case, on the Judge’s reasoning, it is cardinal that the
obligation to indemnify arises from the contractual agreement between the
parties. It is clear that the breach of the above-mentioned terms relates
squarely to the first and second causes identified by the Judge, namely (a)
the hydrolytic degradation of the Water Inlet Hose and the (b) Helical Line
Feature. It is also important to note that the Judge _did not_ find that
Liquid Advertising was responsible for these causes. Rather, she clearly
stated that Liquid Advertising’s liability under all three causes of action
was premised _solely_ on its responsibility in directing the appellants to
install the WDU in the WDU Area rather than the more suitable wet pantry area
(_ie_ , the third cause). The Reinstallation Agreement did not relate to the
location of installation of the WDU.

62 While the appellant owed contractual duties to Liquid Advertising
consisting of the implied terms stated above, capable of construction as an
implied indemnity, as Liquid Advertising’s liability was not premised on the
above breaches or obligations, the question arose as to why the appellant was
obliged to indemnify Liquid Advertising in the first place. It is trite law
that a narrow construction should be adopted in the context of implied
indemnities. The location of the installation rather than the material used
for the Water Inlet Hose could not be read into the implied obligations upon
the appellant of “satisfactory quality” and “fitness for purpose”.
Alternatively, the Judge could have considered an indemnity on the basis of
breaches of the Third Maintenance Contract which would have related more
closely to the cause founding Liquid Advertising’s liability, giving rise to
an obligation to indemnify on the part of the appellant. While Liquid
Advertising pleaded the Maintenance Contracts as a basis for their contractual
indemnity claim, the Third Maintenance Contract expired on 21 June 2007, prior
to the rupture of the Water Inlet Hose (above at [10]). Thus the indemnity
could not have been founded on this basis either.

63 Accordingly, Liquid Advertising’s application for an indemnity was
erroneously founded on the basis of breaches of the above-mentioned implied
terms which _did not_ mirror or relate to the liability incurred by Liquid
Advertising. In effect, the appellant was ordered to indemnify Liquid
Advertising for the breach of an obligation which it did not owe to it under
the scope of the implied terms of the Reinstallation Agreement. The lack of
congruity between the obligations owed by the appellant and the liability
incurred by Liquid Advertising required the Judge’s order of indemnity to be
set aside.

Conclusion

64 Accordingly, the appeal was allowed partially with Liquid Advertising
bearing 30% of the liability for the damage caused to Ho See Jui. The order as
to costs was also varied to reflect the apportionment of liability at 30% by
Liquid Advertising and 70% by the appellant.

* * *

[note: 1]Appellant’s Core Bundle (“ACB”) Vol II, p 39.

[note: 2]ACB Vol II pp 25–26

[note: 3]ACV Vol II p 35

[note: 4]ACB Vol II p 43

[note: 5]Appellant’s case (“AC”) at para 20.

[note: 6]Second respondent’s case at para 10.

[note: 7]The Judge’s grounds of decision (“GD”) at [35].

[note: 8]GD at [37]–[38].

[note: 9]GD at [81].

[note: 10]AC at para 56

[note: 11]AC at para 57

[note: 12]AC at para 59

[note: 13]AC at para 60.

[note: 14]AC at para 65.

[note: 15]AC at para 36.

[note: 16]ACB Vol II p 104 at line 19, p 105 at lines 15 to 19 RA(III)(D) p
139 at line 19, RA(III)(D) p 167 at lines 15 to 19.

[note: 17]AC at para 35; ACB Vol II p 53 at [1] RA(V) p 151 at [1]

[note: 18]Second respondent’s Case at para 27.

[note: 19]ACB (II) p 111 at para 6.3; RA(III)(A) p 183 at para 6.3.

[note: 20]ACB Vol II p 110 at para 5.3; RA (III)(A) p 179 at para 5.3.

[note: 21]ACB Vol II p 111 at para 6.3; RA (III)(A) p 183 at para 6.3.

[note: 22]AC at para 76; ACB Vol II p 108 RA (III)(A) p 110.

[note: 23]AC at para 77; ACB Vol II p 109 at [c] RA (III)(A) p 112 at [c].

[note: 24]ACB Vol II p 104 at lines 10–23; RA (III)(D) p 139 at lines 10–23, p
145 at lines 13–15.

[note: 25]AC at para 79.

[note: 26]Second respondent’s case at para 52.

[note: 27]Second respondent’s case at para 63, SCB at pp 23, 24 and 37.

[note: 28]Second respondent’s case at paras 15–16; CB(II) pp 119–124, 148-185;
RA(V) pp 40, 41,48,49, 53, 54; RA(III)(B) pp 89–126.

[note: 29]SCB p 25; RA(III)(D) p 79 lines 7–15.

[note: 30]SCB pp 26–27; RA(III)(D) p 80 line 10 to p 81 line 1.

[note: 31]AC at para 116.

[note: 32]ACB Vol II p 125 at para 10h; RA (III)(C) p 9 at para 10h; ACB Vol
II p 125 at para 11; RA (III)(C) pp 9 at para 11

[note: 33]AC at para 29, ACB Vol II p 13 at para 32; RA (III)(B) p 13 at para
32.

[note: 34]AC at para 128.

[note: 35]Second respondent’s case at para 75; SCB p 9-10; RA(III)(D) p 62
line 23 to p 63 line 15.

[note: 36]Second respondent’s case at para 75; SCB p 36; RA(III)(D) p 58 lines
18–25.

[note: 37]Second respondent’s case at para 75; SCB p 30; RA(III)(D) p 71 lines
1–9.

[note: 38]Second respondent’s case at [14]; RA(III)(D) at p 63 lines 21–23;

[note: 39]RA(III)(D) p 59 at lines 18–22.

[note: 40]Second respondent’s case at para 75; SCB p 8–9; RA(III)(D) p 61
lines 11–21, p 62 lines 9–11.

[note: 41]Second respondent’s case at para 79; SCB p 34; RA(III)(C) p 130
lines 8–21.

[note: 42]Second respondent’s case at para 80; SCB p 32; RA(III)(D) p 66 lines
3–10.

[note: 43]AC at para 167.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jun 2012 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

